
SPORTS 
Aces on 
the court 
Women's tennis takes 
first two games of the 
season. 
plge 12 

THE UCSD 

UC SAN DIEGO 

ueop to call for 
increased aid return 

By MTRICK ALLEN 
Senior Staff Writer 

Under a new policy proposal 
drafted by the UC Office of the 
President, the university could 
require portions of future self-
a sessed and campus-specific stu-
dent fees to fund financial aid 
scholarships. 

Currently, only tuition educa-
tion fees retum a portion to aid. 

In an agenda item presented to 
the UC Board of Regents on Jan. 20, 
UCOP stated that it would submit 
finaJ recommendations for expand-
ing the university's retum-to-aid 
policy to the regents in March, with 
implementation by fall 2006. 

"The university is engaged in a 
review of its policy on student ref-
erenda, including whether campus-
es should be required to set aside a 
portion of revenue from carnpus-
based student fees for financial aid 
purposes," the report stated. 

These campus-based charges 
include fees coUected by individuaJ 
colleges and Associated Students, 
such as the Student Activities Fee, 
which pays for student activities 
and services specifically for UCSD 
students. 

A.S. Vice President External 

Rigo Marquez said that the policy, 
while seemingly positive, has him 
worried about the exploitation of 
students. 

"In theory, that is a great idea," 
he said. "Why wouldn't we want 
more money going back to finan-
cial aid? We just need to make sure 
that it's properly done and that it's 
going to the right places." 

While the extra funds would 
support undergraduate scholar-
ships and ease the financial burden 
on low-income students, Marquez 
and A.S. President Jenn Pae said 
that the proposal is another way to 
shift even more of the costs of 
higher education onto students. 

"In a time when we're faced 
with tuition increases and fmanciaJ 
aid reductions as a whole, students 
are having to rely on each other 
and to self-assess ourselves for 
things that we need on this campus 
and having to rely on referenda 
items and students' pockets," Pae 
said. 

In response to the upcoming 
recommendation by UCOP, 
UCSD Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs Joseph W. Watson request-
ed that all new campus-based fee 

See AID, Page 2 

.... 1116 ..,. KRS-One (tWtt) ,..fonned ~ IUdience members on 
the ftoor of RIP« Arena in fie operq hours of j\,"eerfest. 

WEATHER 

• "7 ,.. H59l43 H63l44 
Mo. Molt 

H~ l48 H70l52 

SPOKEN 
"Just because a 

conseroative does 
it, cJrem't make 

it ri;U." 

SURF 
REPORT 

2/7 
'MIld: 1·3 It 
Height: 10 kt. 

WIler Temp.: 57-62 <leg. 

2/1 
'Mnd: 1-3 It 
He91t 10 kt. 

w. Temp.: 61-63 del-

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1005 VOLUME 114, ISSUE 11 

Expansion costs up 12 percent 
By KATE McELHINNEY 

Staff Writer 

The $56 million expansion of 
Price Center and Student 
Center is currently facing cost 
overruns of $6.7 million , 
according to the building advi-
sory committee in charge of 
monjtoring the project. 

Most of the increased cost is 
the result of this year's unexpected 
rise in the expense of steel, 
cement, drywall and other build-
ing supplies, according to cam-
pus architect and Associate Vice 
Chancellor of Facilities Design 
and Construction Boone 
Hellmann. Though a 3.5-percent 
increase in supply costs is tradi-
tional, the 15-percent spike 
UCSD has experienced IS unusual, 
he said. 

"Steel prices went through the 
roof," Hellmann said. 

On a per-ton unit basis, the 
cost of steel has climbed to 
$5,000 per ton, compared to 
$1,500 a year ago, according to 
Hellmann. 

"A year ago, China took raw 

Billy Wong/Guordion 
Runaway prices: The Price Center ·and Student Center expansion faces cost 
overruns of $6.7 million, mostly due to increases in the price of steel this year. 
steel components," Hellmann 
said. "This left an extraordinary 
drought in the United States." 

To deal with the supply-and-
demand predicament, the BAC 
met last week to discuss new 
design plans for Price Center and 
the most efficient ways to elimi-
nate unnecessary expenses and 
reduce costs. 

The goal is to maintain the 
integrity of Price Center build-
ings and focus on making 

changes to the co tly interior 
designs, according to architect 
Craig Hamilton. 

Items up for review by the 
board included remodeling the 
new Price Center building design, 
changing interior railings to sim-
ple pipe rajlings, and eliminating 
planned columns and other steel 
structures. The committee also 
debated how to divide Price 

See EXPANSION, Page 3 

Bill would require ban on 
professor indoctrination 

Campus 
applications 
fell in 2004 By WlWAM CHING 

Staff Writer 

California public universities 
would be required to adopt poli-
cies that protect students from 
political and religious indoctrina-
tion in the classroom under new 
legislation introduced by state 
en. Bill Morrow (R-Oceanside). 

The bill, S8 5, calls for fair 
grading regardless of a student's 
political and religious affiliations, 
requires professors to expose stu-
dents to a wide range of view-
points, mandates the use of dis-
cretion in inviting campus speak-
ers and prohibits professors from 
pushing their own ideological 
agendas in the classroom. 

According to a statement on 
the bill from the UC-wide 
Academic Senate, the proposed 
legislation would also encroach 
into areas over which faculty 
should have exclusive control. 

"This bill will ... have no 
effect on improving the academ-
ic freedom of students at the 
University of California beyond 
what is already on the books," 
the document stated. "In fact, if 
enacted, this legislation could 
actually decrease academic free-
dom by providing a legal path 
by which groups outside the 
university could mount chal-
lenges to the judgment of the 
faculty on the standards of 
scholarly inquiry." 

Issues included in the bill 
have already been addressed in 
the new University Statement 
on Faculty Academic Freedom, 

which was endorsed by the 
Academic Senate and adopted 
by the Regents in September 
2003, it stated. 

Morrow introduced the leg-
islation after becoming con-
vinced that many public univer-
sities have become too one-
sided, forcing students to keep 
their opinions to themselves out 
of fears of reprisal, the senator's 
spokesman, Wade Tea dale, 
stated in an ,-mail. 

"It is a problem in which the 
overwhelming majority of abused 
students are afraid to sound an 
alann .. . for fear of being further 
abused," Teasdale said. 
. Thoug~ the bill requires 
universities to adopt protection 
for academic freedom, it does 
not include an enforcement 
mechanism, and permits the 
colleges to police themselves, 
according to Teasdale. 

On Feb. 3., the A.S. Council 
passed a resolution introduced 
by Revelle College Senior 
Senator Ted McCombs con-
derrming the bill. 

"I urge anyone who [is] expe-
riencing some son of ideologi-
cal intiInidation to report it 
immediately, because it is inap-
propriate and shouldn't be hap-
pening," McCombs said. "But 
this law won't fix it." 

The bill is one of several 
across the country supported by 
Students for Academic Freedom, 
a group working to pass a nation-
al "Student Bill of Rights." 

See liLa. Page 3 

.. 

By VLADIMIR KOGAN 
News Editor 

Though a record number of 
high school students submitted 
appljcations to the University of 
California in November, new sta-
tistics released by the UC Office of 
the President show that the num-
ber of applicants to UCSD 
dropped for a second straight yea r. 

The campus received a total of 
49,684 applications, or a 3-percent 
drop from a year ago. Systemwide, 
the number rose by 0.9 percent to 
100,138 applicants, including those 
who appied to more than one cam-
pus. 

"I think the more selective 
UCSD becomes, studc!nts ·are think-
ing more strategically about how 
they're spending their application 
fees, " Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Admissions and Enrollment Services 
Mae W. Brown said. "For those stu-
dents who don't feel they are com-
petitive, they may think twice before 
applying." 

Applications to UC Davis post-
ed the largest decline, falling 4 per-
cent from last year, at least in pan 
due to cuts in state funding for aca-
demic preparation, or "outreach" 
programs, according to the school's 
Director of Undergraduate 
Admissions Pamela Burnett. 

"The state budget reduced the 
money we had available to reach out 
to high school students with school 
visits, academic preparation pro-

See DATA. Page <N~> 



2 NEWS 

I BRIEFLY 
uc endowment growth 

nears double digits in 2004 
University of California's endowment 

increased by 9.1 percent to more than $4.7 
billion in 2004, an improvement over recent 
lackluster years, but a growth rate below the 
national average, according to a new report 
from the National Association of College and 
Un iversity Business Officers. The amount 
places it seventh in the nation, unchanged 
from the previous year. 

Harvard University led the list as the institu-
tion with the largest endowment totaling more 
than $22.1 billion, having grown 17.1 percent 
from the year before. 

On average, public universities saw their 
endowments climb by 15.2 percent in 2004. 
Oller a five-year period, including several slug-
gish years, these institutions posted an annual 
increase of just 3.4 percent which includes 
retum on investment and increased donations, 
in addition to other fluctuations. For endow-
ments with values exceeding $1 billion, returns 
increased 17.2 percent last year, with an annu-
al growth of 7.5 percent in each of the last five 
years, according to the report. 

Among nonprofit organizations that raise 
funds for individual UC campuses, the UCLA 
FOl!ndation appeared highest on the list at num-
ber 87, with a total endowment of $588,9 mil-
lion. The total represented an increase of 17.6 
percent from the year before, NACUBO stated. 

The UCSD Foundation appeared at number 
219 on the list, with an endowment of $184.2 
million, 15,8 percent more than in 2003. 

House passes resolution 
backing recruiter access 
Members of the House of Representatives 

overwhelmingly passed a nonbinding resolution 
expressing their support for military recruiter 
access to university campuses and urging the 
govemment to contest a recent federal appel-
late court decision ruling the law known as the 
Solomon Amendment unconstitutiona l. 

By a 327·84 vote, lawmakers urged the 
executive branch to defend legal challen~es 
against the 1995 law that denied universities 
certain federal funds if they banned recruiters 
from campus. 

Last month, the Justice Department said it 
would as the Supreme Court to review the 
November decision that found the law uncon-
stitutional and stopped its application in certain 
parts of the East Coast. 

San Diego's Rep. Susan Davis (D-Calif.) 
voted in favor of the bill. 

"Such policies are obnoxious in times of 
peace, but they are simply intolerable in times 

clayton WotfoIk YIot ill QiIf 
Mather Martin .............. 
Grant Schrader 

\1adimi'.., .. ,.......... , 
USa MIlk .".ew. ..... E4IIr 

Bryan Tsao 0pInIaa .... 
Marianne MIdden 

Matthew CrMlt SpoItI E4!Ier 
C)11Ihia Blade 0IMl AIIedIeIs,.rb", · 

Hans FeIImann ,..... ... 
Jia Gu AIIOdaIe,....16rs 

Christine Pae 
1111 S. PoI1 ..... YIor 
Sarah Mall AtIodIll .......... 

Nth. Singh 
Travis Ball PIlato EdItor 

Anna MacMurdo AtIodIII PhQto EaDr 
Andrew Nsuren DIIip EdItor 

EdItoriII AsIIItant 
Patrick Allen 
PIp l.ayuut 

Richard Cho~ lia Gu, lawrence Hui, Utlko UedI 
CopyRelden 

Emily Allen, Christy Factot, Eunice Hwangbo, 
Melanie Smith, Ami 1l\Ikor 

Adrienne Felrari ...... ........ 
Michael Foulks Alta .... ...... 
Mike Martinez ....... Aft DIredDr 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2005 

of war, and the equal access of our military 
recruiters to federally funded colleges and uni-
versities must be protected: House Majority 
Leader Tom Delay (R-Tex.) stated a press 
release criticizing campuses that bar recrUiters, 

UCSA to stage Sacramento 
rally over education costs 
Representatives from the UC Students 

Association and a group of approximately 250 
students will ask lawmakers for more funding 
for public higher education at a Feb. 7 rally on 
the steps of the state Capitol. 

As a symbolic presentation, the students will 
hand over ·checks" representing the debt they 
incurred as a result of attending a UC campus, 

Besides speeches by UCSA President 
Jennifer Lilla and several lawmakers, students 
will offer their testimonials "on the difficulty of 
coping with rising debt, soaring fees and dwin-
dling financial aid packages." 

The move is part of the organization's lobby-
ing efforts to increase UC funding in the state's 
final budget due to be approved in the summer. 

In speech, president calls for . 
community colleges' support 

President George W. Bush pledged to use 
community colleges in conjunction with refomn 
in the country's job-training system to offer job 
skills for more than 200,000 employees in the 
annual State of the Union address delivered on 
Feb. 3, 

Though the speech focused on the presi-
dent's proposal to overhaul Social Security - a 
system he said would be "exhausted and bank-
rup( by 2042 - and national security issues, 
Bush also spoke about his plan to increase the 
maximum Pel! Grant. In a statement rereased 
with the speech, the White House stated that it 
planned to increase funding for the program by 
$15 billion over the next 10 years. 

Iowa court rules university 
foundation records public 

The Iowa Supreme Court overtumed a 
lower-(ourt ruling. deading that the records of 
a private foundation that maintains an endow-
ment for Iowa State University must be made 
accessible to the public. 

In the decision, the court ruled that the foun-
dation was subject to the state's public records 
law. 

"The foundation perfomns a govemment 
function by virtue of its contract with ISU," the 
court's decision stated. "Therefore, its records 
are 'public records' subject to examination~ 

..... til !,., .... 
Emilee Schumet Kimbedee _ 

Ms .......... 
St.qJer 

....... 11* •• ,11 .... , . 
" TriIt.... . 

,..-::'". 

. . ClialII.I ." .. 
., ..... ".,~. '·'":f'V*,·~'~·Ptto' Haiii'·''''' 

n.iJao~.,...... .......... ,.,.,. 
....... «CIderic )liIrbtn fo! ....... c4ucsn ~ 

~dlhll ......... "..,_ ...... ~ 
"""*01 ft,. ... .,....... • ..,pII!IMIII. 0 
2005. .. .va ..... 1»l.CS/l.c.nIIfI>r IJJIII ..... 
bIe for .. .", II II1IIlfdIIrII!IIIIIIIC$iI or lit. .. .. 
.-l ..... r*-*r_ ...... d 
lIreJJCSO CAGalIrn, .... 1./n1wIIIItJ 01 rAo;Iie fit 
AsaIXlIMd SIuderlIt. "" UC$O ~." fIIndId solely 
br ......... c;mme .,.,1eIIe!t 

~ NIiIriII: •• S3<H581 
News IIICI Features: 858-53+5226 

0pIfIi0n, 5p«ts, PhaID: '!I8-,S34-6582 
HiItUs: e58·5J4.6583 

AtMnisin, Office: 8580"-4-304fif 
Fex: ..."..7811 
£.mtJII:~.«g 

~ONLINE 
www.ucsdprdiln·ora 

I ETCETERA ••• 

Riley Salant-Pearce/Guardion 

I LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Monday, Jan. 31 

10:40 p.m.: A warrant was requested for 
a 21-year-old male student for making crim-
inal threats at RIMAC Arena. 

Wednesday, Feb. 2 
10:31 a.m.: Officers arrested a 74-year-

old male nonaffiliate at UCSD Bookstore 
for petty theft. Ciud and rtltartd. 

Thursday, Feb. 3 
1 a.m.: An admin per se was issued to a 

19-year-old female student for driving with 
a blood alcohol content of 0.0 I or greater .. 

11:38 a.m.: A student reported the theft 

of a blue B21 Trek mountain bicycle from the 
north bike racks of Center Hall . Loss: $100, 

Friday, Feb. 4 
10 a.m.: A student reported the theft of 

a blue Raleigh M80 mountain bike from the 
southwest bike racks outside Geisel Library. 
Loss: $450. 

11:40 a.m.: A nonaffiLiate reported the 
theft of conso-uction equipment frolll the 
construction site on Voigt Drive by 
Engineer Lane. Loss: 51,900. 

- Compiled by Lisa Mak 
Associate News Editor 

Aid: New policy would apply to 
activity fees, student referenda 

continued from page 1 
proposals include a discussion of the feasi-
bility of adding such a section. 

"The chances of a new campus-based 
fee being approved by UCOP is likely to 
be greater if the supporting documenta-
tion explicitly states that the impact of the 
fee on affordability, and the appropriate-
ness or need for a return-to-aid compo-
nent were carefully considered," he stated 
in a letter sent to Associated Students, the 
Graduate Student Association and the col-
lege deans. 

Though university tuition fees already 
. contribute portions of their revenue to 

financial aid, this policy does not currently 
extend to fees collected on the campus level. 
1;'hese campus-based fees, however, are 
becoming more prevalent on university 
campuses due to state budget cuts, accord-
ing to Marquez, 

"The adrrunistration is not giving us 
what we need," he said. "UCOP is not giv-
ing liS what we need. The regents really 
aren't. Students have no choice but to self-
assess fees. And if they're trying to have 32 
percent of that go back to aid, that lirruts the 
amount of money that we're getting." 

After the recommendation from UCOP, 

the Education Financing Model Group of 
the Board of Regents, which consists of both 
students and staff, will examine the propos-
al, according to Watson, 

Such groups should not dictate how the 
university spends student fees, according to 
Marquez. 

"UCOP should not have any authority 
on what it is that students do with their 
money," Marquez said. "Students voted for 
that money.- There is no reason why we 
should be told what to do with our fees and 
no one should try to take money out of our 
fees just because they want to offset other 
things." 

While the UCOP has said it plans to 
issue a recommendation backing an expand-
ed return-to-aid policy, it has not yet done 
so. 

uThis is still just a proposal," Watson 
said. "But it is a problem issue that is being 
discussed, and it is good that it has been 
brought to the attention of the students." 

UCOP spokeswoman Ravi Poorsina 
could not return calls for comment due to 
illness, according to her office. 

Rtadtrs may comac! Patrick Allen at 
j7allen@ucsd.edu. 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Bill: Faculty groups fears loss of autonomy 
continued from page 1 

"The main thing we contend 
with academic freedom is that stu-
dents should be a'fforded the same 
academic freedom as the profes-
sorate," SAF Field Director Brad 
Shipp said. "[Students) should 
receive the same acaderruc free-
dom without having their profes-
sor demean them for their beliefs," 

The problem is professors who 
belittle points of view that are dif-
ferent from their own, no matter 
what ideology, according to Shipp. 

"Just because a conservative 
does it, doesn't make it right," he 
said, "We are unafraid to go after 
professors who indoctrinate their 
students from both political spec-
trums. It is just as bad ... from the 
left as it is from the right." 

The question of whether there is 
a "lack of diverse poHtical and reli-
gious ideologies in school" remains 
an open one and needs to be 
answered on a case-by-case basis, 
Stanford University art professor 
and Vice President of the California 
chapter of the American Association 
of University Professors Graham 
Larkin srated in an e-mail. 

AAUP has come out against 

efforts to pass a national academic 
freedom bill. 

"The idea of passing laws to 
enforce intellectual, ideological or 
political diversity is absurd, espe-
cially when we begin to consi'der 
the details of enforcement," 
Larkin stated. "If professors are to 
be denied the ultimate authority 
to deterrrune the intellectual or 
ideological parameters of their 
class, then who is to be given this 
authority? The university admin-

istration~ The state government?" 
Other parts of the bill, such as 

the protection of students "from 
the imposition of any orthodoxy of 
a political, religious or ideological 
nature," or proviSions allowing 
them to "take reasoned exception 
to the data or views offered in any 
course of study" are just impossi-
bly vague, according to Larkin. 

"Legislating these fuzzy ideas 
would inevitably lead to any num-
ber of frivolous grade appeals, 
many in the form of lawsuits," 
Larkin said, "This kind of litigious 
atotude would be disastrous for 
the whole ethos of university life 
- which, as I say, should be based 
on mutual trust rather than mutu-

al antagonism." 
Although he agrees with the 

principles detailed in the bill, 
UCSD Academic Senate Chair 
and anthropology professor David 
Tuzin said he does not like the 
idea of the state legislature telling 
universities what to do. 

"The University of California is 
awarded autonomous status by the 
state constitution," Tuzin said. "The 
legislature cannot dictate to us how 
we handle our academic affairs." 

Tuzi n said that school adminis-
trators and professors are always 
vigilant of academic freedom and 
appropriate policies are already in 
place to deal with complaints of 
violations, Since his inauguration 
last September, Tuzin has not 
heard of any allegations of ideo-
logical intimidation. 

Morrow unsuccessfuly intro-
duced a version of the bill last 
year. Unlike the current version, 
the language in the previous pro-
posal included provisions protect-
ing faculty from discrimination in 
hiring and tenure promotions, 

Readm can contact Wifliam Chillg 
at wching@ucsd.edu. 

Expansion: Architects blame rising costs 
continued from page I 

Center 's third-floor space for stu-
dent organizations. 

The construction of Price 
Center is eICpected to begin in 
January 2006. However, the revi-
sion process could delay construc-
tion by two months, according to 
BAC Co-chair and Assistant Vice 
Ch.ancellor of Student Life 
Carmen Vazquez. 

In addition to UCSD, build-
ings at UC Irvine and other UC 

campuses have also faced higher 
supply costs, according to 
Hamilton. 

"Everyone in the past year, 
year and a hal f has had to build 
smaller buildings," Harrulton said. 

Both Hamilton and associate 
architect Mehrdad Yazdani said 
the high costs present an unusual 
situation. 

"[The problem] is unique," 
Hamilton said. "We h<:ven't seen 
this inflation since the late '70s, It 

is a big concern to the entire con-
struction industry." 

But Hellmann said he is reas-
sured that the problem will not 
pose any serious setbacks for the 
expansion process. 

"It is not unusual to push the 
envelope in terms of costs," he 
said. "We are just goi ng to have to 
bi te the bullet." 

RfOdm call reach Kntt McElhinney 
at cmcelhin@ucsd,edu. 

NEWS) 

Data: Campus drop in black 
applicants continued in 2004 

, continued from page I 
grams and campus tours," Burnett 
stated in a university press release. 

Despite an overall increase in 
applications, the number of com-
munity college students seeking to 
transfer to a UC campus fell 2.7 
percent, according to the data, In 
addition, the number of out-of-
state applications dropped by 7.1 
percent across the system, while 
international applications 
decreased by 3,9 percent, the result 
of higher fees for students from 
outside the state and cumbersome 
visa restrictions for travel into the 
country, according to Brown. 

At UCSD, the number of trans-
fer students fell 5.4 percent. 

The number of black applicants 
to UC campuses rose 2.1 percent, 
after dropping 1.2 percent in the pre-
vious year. Out of all racial groups, 
Chicano and Latino students posted 
the biggest gain, climbing 5.9 per-
cent from last}'Car - a total increase 
of II percent since 2003. 

However, because fewer students 
refused to disclose their ethnicity 
than in the previous year, the num-
bers did not indicate whether the 
gains for minorities were the result 
of an increased number of applica-
tions or an increased willingness of 
applicants to state their race. 

At UCSD, the number of black 
freshman applicants fell by 4,9 per-
cent on top of an II.3 -percent 
decrease from the year before. Oilly 
UC Santa Cruz saw a larger one-
year drop in the number of black 
applicants, falling 9.9 from last yea r, 

"It does greatly concern me to 
see the drop in African-American 
applications, and we will continue 
to look at the data to see if we can 
identify any uends and see how we 
can impact and reverse them," 

Brown said, pointing to CutS in aca-
derruc prepa ration programs as a 
key worry. "This is a nati onal uni-
versity and we want to make sure 
that this campus trul y reflects 
diversity in all areas," 

A.S, Commissioner of Diversity 
Affairs Christopher weeten aid he 
agreed outreach progra ms were 
essential for minority students \0 
obtain acce s to :he university, but 
also said administrators had to work 
on the atmosphere of the campus. 

"At the UC D level, reaching 
out to the African-American student 
population hasn't been that great," 
Sweeten said. . 

More than 10 percent of all 
graduating high school senior who 
sent in appl ications to the UC sys-
tem indicated interest in UC 
Merced, the university's newest 
campus. The campus is scheduled to 
open next fall and is the only 
University of California sire located 
in central California. For the 1,000 
seats available in its first yea r, the 
<Iniversity received a total of 8,883 
undergraduate applications, it 
announced in a statement. 

"We are thrill ed with this 
response from students and pleased 
to say the number of applicants has 
even exceeded our expectations," 
UC Merced Chancellor Carol 
Tornlinson-Keasey stated. "These 
results are a clear validation of the 
UC regents' decision in 19 to plan 
for a new UC campus in the San 
Joaquin Valley." 

orth-ceno-al California posted 
the largest regional increase of 13.7 
percent, followed by the Fresno and 
Kern County areas, where applica-
tions increased by 12.9 percent. 

Readers cal1 cont{/ct V/adimi1' Kogal/ 
at newsl@ucsdgl.lardian,org. 

i~~ Ut:JIVERSITY CENTERS WEEK SIX 

MON,"B7 
......... 

MON,FEB7 
7' ..... • 'IIx @ UCSD lox 0ftIce 

WED, FEB 9 
Doe ....... , Show a.30p. • Fall 

FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL 858.822.2068 OR VISIT Hrrp:/ /THEUNIVERSITYCENTERS.UCSD.EDU 



MONDoW 
RBRUMY 7, 1005 

.. 

Academic freedom bill: Does it go too far? 
Students need protection Measure superfluous 
By ROBIN MARIE AVERBECK 

Staff Writer 

N obody comes to college looking to be indoctrinated. As impressionable freshmen arrive, what will put a brake 
on their enthusiasm to absorb everything 
their first favorite professor tells them? What 
will prevent them from gravitating toward 
what they want to hear instead of growing 
intellectually, and consolidating their ideolo-
gies? . 

An open, unbiased and critical intellectu-
al atmosphere is absolutely nec-
essary to discourage these ten-

By BRYAN lSAO 
Opinion Editor 

ios in more detail. The Holocaust is a histor-
ical event assured by fact. Professors are 
hardly going to have to start informing stu-
dents that it isn't entirely proven that two I ntroduced Dec. 6, 2004, California Senate 
and two are four or any such nonsense. But Bill 5 aims to establish a "Student Bill of 
they cannot preach or lay on the ideology - Rights" reqwring that the UC regents 
they must remember that not everyone in implement guidelines ensuring that professors 
the university is of their political opinion. don't impose their personal ideologies on 

Unfortunately, professors often forget their students or require students - implicit-
this. They seem to assume that everyone in Iy or explicitly - to adopt a certain point of 
the classroom will share their views and that view in order to achieve a passing grade. 
a snide remark will float up into the air and While it's hard for anyone to say that they are 
disintegrate without affecting the learning against academic freedom, the A.S. Council, 

environment. However, many which passed a resolution against 
times there are more mavericks the bill on Feb. 2, is correct in 

say that the theory of evolution is intrinsical-
ly better or worse than creationism, but cre-
ationism belongs in a biology class as much 
as Darwinism belongs in a religion class. 

lronically, such a bill could also foster 
closed-mindedness among students. After all, 
with this bill as a crutch, students could very 
easily go through their entire college careers 
WIthout ever having their beliefs challenged. 
Two of the most important aspects of a college 
education are broadening one's horiwns and 
opening one's mind to new thoughts and ideas. 
These ideas shouldn't be forced on them, but 

srudents could use a university 
mandate to present all sides dencies. A Senate bill being con-

sidered in the California 
Legislature is intended to do just 
that. At a university where the 
purpose is to impart knowledge 
to promote understanding, it 

PRO In the crowd than they think; pointing out that it both deni-and while all students should be gr.ltes students, describing them as mature enough to handle hear- "immature," and is completely ing such comments, it must be superfluous, as Regents Policy 
asked whether such assump- 16065 already calls for the univer- (ON equally as a way to protect their preconceived notions. Theres a line between preaching and cltaJ-lenging, and this bill goes far too far in preventing professors from 

cannot be too carefully ensured 
that this goal is not abused or 
taken over by an ideology of "truth." 
Indeed, it is hard to take issue with the 
intent and language ofSB 5, the Student Bill 
of Rights. 

However, the legal obligation to present 
all sides of an issue could conjure up images 
of legally protected extremism for some. For 
example, the clause requiring professors to 
assign reading representative of dissenting or 
secondary views leads some to suggest that 

this could 
lead to dis-
cussions of 
the non-
event of the 
Holocaust. 
Such fears 
are prod ucts 
of overactive 
imagina -
tions, and 
they fail to 
consider 

-_.- such scenar-

tions tarnish the learning expe- sity to "remain aloof from politics 
rience. When professors make and never function as an instru-
political comments mocking a ment for the advance of partisan 

current event, politician or opinion, they interest." Thus it's hard to see the need for the 
may as well be mocking a student in the state Senate to pass such a bill now, other than 
classroom. If they worry about how that as a measure to win a few points with veters by 
affects the quality of the intellectual educa- supporting a cause like "academic freedom" 
tion they are giving students, they don't that sounds good in the headlines. 
seem to show it. This is not to diminish the importance of 

Of course, the act, if passed, would probably academic freedom in the classroom. At some 
not crack down on suclt smaller offenses - and point, all students have probably experi-
for good reason, as professors should not be enced a moment where a professor or TA 
muzzled any more than they should become made some joke or comment they found 
preachers. However, this is r---------~ offensive. But using a piece 
precisely why releasing a bill of of legislation to crack down 
this tone is good in itself: It on instructors would go too 
might remind professors orthe far. Instead of removing pol_ 
power they wield and the itics from the classroom, the 
responsibility they have not to [,ill could easily turn every-
abuse it. In addition, it would day curricula into heated 
protect against particuhrly political battlegrounds. Take 
egregious abuses of bias and the teaching of Darwin's 
agenda; there are courses in theory of evolution: How 
which student!; feel they can't long before religious 

~~~~~~~ ~~=~~to~ 
See PRO, Page 5 

professors to teach creation-
ism in their classes? Not to 

Peace Corps' inspiring, but 
may not be for everyone 

~ I LmERS TO THE EDITOR 
Local unfriendliness 

just NorCaI bias 

Aftertaste 
Evelyn Hsieh 

As a large, prestigious univer-sity that prides itself on dwelling among the creme 
de la creme of higher education, 
UCSD loves rankings. It probably 
takes less than three clicks from any 
link on the UCSD Web site to 
access a page touting the newest 
ranking indicating UCSD's 
achievements. 

last YC'H, UC5D ranked No. 73 
overall among schools of all sizes. Dear Editor. 

challenging students. 
The bill could also further 

discourage professors from 
teaching at the university. If a potentially 
draconian and arbitrary policy is handed 
down from the legislature, professors could 
begin to fear teaching at the university the 
same way doctors fear malpractice suits. 

All in all, the bill would do much more 
harm than good. Other than showing a disre-
spect for students and an ignorance of existing 
policy, the problems with the bill show that a 
concept as broad as "academic freedom" needs to be evalu- ,.. __ _ 
ated on a 
case - by-
case basis 
instead of 
through the. 
drafting of 
broad laws 
that just , 

·open them-
selves to 
selective 
enforce-
ment. 

Constitution, but after an acrimo-
nious hearing before the Warren 
Judicial Board, I stood corrected. 

Over the past few months, I 
have realized that my actions were 
guided in large part by naivete. I 
was barely living on campus for 
two months when I jumped into a 
situation that was inappropriate 
for me to be in. 

In serving the UCSD commu-
nity as a senator, I have come to 
the realization that the University 
of California, as well as the state of 
California, places outreach to high 
school students on a low pedestal. 
In this year's budget, Gov. Arnold 
Schwarzenegger included SO for 
outreach. 

It's not just U.S. News and 
World Report (where we've stayed 
at a steady No. 7 among the best 
publics all these years), but also 
lesser known ones, such as the 
London Times Higher Education 
Supplement, which recently ranked 
us 24th in the world. Or Shanghai's 
Institute of Higher Education, 
which ranked us 13th in the world. 
Bravo, bravo. Hearty handshakes 
and pats on the back all around for 
reaffirming that UC5D is still an 
exemplar of trail-blazing research. 

The Peace Corps, for the uniniti-
ated, is a government-run humani-
tarian organization begun by John F. 
Kennedy in 1960. It sends volunteers 
on two-year terms to developing 
countries to do anything from teach 
English to spread awareness of 
HIV/AIDS. Areas of service include 
education, business development, 
health, community development, 
information technology, environ-
ment and agriculture. A broad range 
of countries is available to VOIWl-
teers, excluding only Western 
Europe and the United States. 
Volunteers in turn get free medical 
insurance, paid living and trans-
portation expenses and student loan 
deferment. 

I find the premise that La Jol1a 
residents hate UCSD students 
["College Culture Doesn't Fit In,'' 
Jan. 31 J to be both fallacious and 
insulting. Of course, you will always 
be able to find residents of any col-
lege town who dislike the student 
population, but to imply that this is 
somehow an exclusive characteristic 
of La Jolla is just plain ignorant. 
However, [ will concede that La 
Jolla is a largely affluent communi-
ty, and the possibility of encounter-
ing self-centered elitists is more 
likely here than in other areas of 
San Diego. llis phenomenon of 
condescending behavior, however, 
is completely independent of one's 
status as a student: These types of 
people dislike anyone who is not as 
wealthy and elitist as they are. 

bitching or move back to NorCal. 

As a srudent leader, I now feel 
that student organizations must 
take up ' the mantle of outreach 
funding, for there is no one else 
out there to do the job. A few 
months ago, I made the mistake of 
demonizing APSA for its efforts in 
this arena. I would like to apolo-
gize for what was previously said 
and now say, "Thank you." 

T here is yet another ranking that 
marks UCSD's achievements, but it 
has nothing to do with research 
funding dollars per faculty member. 
UCSD ranked among the top 25 
large universities in alumni in the 
Peace Corps. Sending 43 students 

The increase in UC5D volun-
teers is a sunny indication of both 
awareness of the Peace Corps on 
campus and increased desire of 
recent graduates to get out there 
and do something. 

For soon-to-be graduates to 
decide to take two years out of their 
lives is quite a sacrifice - and in a 
foreign, developing country, at that. 
At the end of college, many students 
are caught offguard as they search 
for meaning in their future careers 
as well as in their lives. [nternships, 
gTaduate or professional school -
there's a self-enforced agenda to set 
a seemingly immutable trajectory 

See COLUMN, Page 5 

t , " I 

Furthermore, I find it apparent 
from the various articles written by 
Marianne Madden that she dislikes 
Southern Californian culture in 
general . You are right - UCSD is 
not the same as UC Berkeley or 
Santa Cruz, but you knew that 
when you decided to come here. I 
think it would be far more bene.fi-
cial to acculturate to this society 
than to criticize it and/or compare 
it to Northern California at every 
chance. If you really love 
Northern California so much, why 
are you down here? I guess what 
I'm trying to say is either quit 

- Jordan Boyce 
Thurgood MimhllU CoUege senior 

Students need to 
support outreach 

Dear F.ditor. 

A few months ago, I created 
quite a stir when I filed a complaint 
against the Asian and Pacific-
Islander Student Alliance in regards 
to funding their annual high school 
conference. My intentions at that 
time were honest, yet so terribly 
misguided. I believed that provid-
ing funding to a high school confer-
ence would violate our Warren 
College Student Council 

I am sorry for any pain that I 
have caused to any members of 
APSA or the Asian Pacific commu-
nity at large. Providing outreach to 
potential students is a huge job, 
and now is not the time for srudent 
leaders to become divided. I 
pledge to work with APSA and 
other community groups to pro-
vide when the state does nor. 

- Matt Herrick 
EArl Wan-en Colltge 

Frrrhmll" StnIIlor 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2005 

Pro: Bill 
would bring 
balance to 

schools 
comin~d from page 4 

bent. Instances of total disrespect for 
other cultures or opinions also occur. 
Such situations are much more than 
simply presenting one's side of the 
story, and they are completely unac-
ceptable. 

One of the last clauses of the bill 
is particularly needed - the call for 
equal funding and opportuniry for 
visiting speakers of all political or 
cultural persuasions. This is a prob-
lem on many California campuses 
today. UC Berkeley, for example, 
one of the rallying spots for freedom 
of speech in the 1960s, is hardly 
going to invite Ann Coulter to speak 
on the eve of an election. But 
beyond politics, every facet of socie-
ty, from religion to culture, ought to 
try to preserve these high standards 
of intellectual freedom; for although 
one bias may be predominant in the 
university system today, the tables 
may as well turn over time, and then 
the new minority will sorely wish it 
had established traditions of open-
ness and understanding when it had 
the chance. 

When speaking of the human-
ities and social sciences, the bill 
reminds us to keep in mind the 
"uncertainty and unsettled charac-
ter of all human knowledge in these 
areas." This is perhaps the very 
tenet tha t many in the university 
system forget . In any search for 
understanding, we must not assume 
that the issues are settled matters, 
and turn what is intended to be a 
pure institution of knowledge into 
an institutionalized ideological tool 
of "truth." 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Column: Results enhance 
. ., . 

unlVerSity s reputatlon 
contin~d from page 4 

for life as we know it. Amid all the 
hustle and bustle over figuring out 
what to do, maybe these willing 
Peace Corps volunteers know a 
thing or two about purpose. 

With commitment to the 
Peace Corps, students are also 
inadvertently enhancing the rep-
utation and objectives of UCSD. 
The mission of the university, 
supposedly, is of course scholar-
ship and research, followed by 
teaching and public service. 
Students embarking on Peace 
Corps stints seem to be con-
tributing to this mission without 
even knowing it. UCSD as a 
whole is known for the strength 
of its science programs, which no 
doubt serves the public. But with 
freshly minted diplomas in hand, 
Peace Corps volunteers serve the 
world by giving themselves and 
their time. 

Of course, this is all secondary 
and even irrelevant to the motiva-
tions to join the Peace Corps. 
Learning a new language? Helping 
others? Gaining life skills' 
Experiencing culture? I don't pre-
tend to know what it's like or what 
it entails, since I've never been to a 
developing country. And commu-
nity service to me has always been 
compartmentalized into the little 
"helping others" corner of my 
mind. A very little comer, next to 
the other little comer of academics 
and the big section of "having fun ... 
To venture into a rural area in a for-
eign land without a friend, in order 
to offer what little one has to oth-
ers, is a fleeting imprint of idealism 
that few students truly entertain. 

But you can't say it's the bene-
fits that draw people to volunteer 
for the Peac.e Corps. Maybe it's the 

desire to get away. No doubt the 
foray into Senegal or Brazil will be 
incredibly different from the sea-
side utopia of La Jolla . Insulated in 
the posh Golden Triangle, perhaps 
most of us don't really know any 
world outside of suburbia. I per-
sonally often think of flying away 
and shedding the shelteredness. 
But when I really think about it, 
my own comfort wnes have a way 
of expanding until the boundary 
between complacence and chal-
lenge can no longer be seen. So 1 
sunnise that the Peace Corps - at 
least what it stands for - elicits a 
need for courage that transcends 
any desire for paid expenses, loan 
deferment and the like. 

I personally don't have the 
courage to take two years to do 
that, though I am thinking about 
taking a year off and doing spme 
kind of humanitarian work Wlth a 
Christian organization in a devel -
oping country. At the risk of 
sounding arrogant, maybe it's 
time for me to give back what I've 
been so graciously given. And I 
admire those who can commit 
more than that chunk of time to 
serving others. 

E.B. White said, "I arise in the 
morning torn between a desire to 
improve the world and a desire to 
enjoy the world. This makes it 
hard to plan the day." The Peace 
Corps seems to do a good job of 
integrating both. 

So UCSD is going up the ranks 
of sending bright, young, energetic 
new grads to use their s.kills to hel p 
others outside of the United States. 
Now that sounds like something to 
be proud of. 

Don't likr Evelyn's fovor? E-
mili/ her III ezhsieh@ucsd.edu. 

Graduates 
into the 
W,rld 

Compliment your UCSD degree with professional develc >ment 
courses at UCSD Extension. From Business Essentfills and 
Software Project Management to Marketing and OVerview 
of the Drug Development Process. UCSD Extension's courses 
give you the practical and applied skills to help ease your 
transition Into the corporate world. 

UCSD Extension courses enhance your resume and increase 
your interview confidence as you learn real-world 

applications. Courses also offer an excellent opportunity 
to network with professionals working in your field of 
interest, giving you a much needed 'foot in the door.' UCSD 
Extension's instructors are seasoned industry experts with 
direct experience in the very subjects they teach. 

Start your career off on the right foot, 
www.extenslon.ucsd.edu 

UCSD 
EXTENSION 

extension.ucsd.edu 

OrlNION 5 

: 3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito I 
!... ____ J858)6t5~-99"9 ______ : 

ASH WEDNESDAY 
ECUMENICAL SERVICE 

. FEB. 9TH, 12 NOON 
GREAT HALL - ERC 

SPONSORED BY THE 
CENTER FOR ETHICS 

AND SPIRITUALITY 
(FORMERLY THE ORA) 

CATHOLIC MASS HELD 
AT GOOD SAMARITAN 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH, 

5 AND 9PM 

WED. FEBRUARY 9 
PORTER'S PUI 

STUlENT CENTER 
DOORS AT 8:00 PM 
SHOW AT 8:JO PM 

FREEl .. 



UCSD Tritones 
Underdog a capella 
group qualifies for 

Regional Semifinals at 
Stanford University. 

page 9 

MONDAY 
FEBRUAIY' 7. 1005 

6 

STUDEnT ORGHnlZHTlons 

With its soaring minarets, grand bazaars, mountain villages and vibranl culture, Morocco is a land of great contrasl. Its colorful history is an amalgam of Arabic, French, Berber, 
Spanish and African influences, all of which have left Iheir marks on 
Ihe architecture and populations of Morocco's greal cities. 

Marrakesh is at the center of Morocco's city life, and allhough it 
may be dominated by tourism, ils authentic culture and atmosphere 
remains preserved. The city's main feature is Ihe medina. Under its 
canopies, this labyrinth of a markelplace houses vendors selling 
everylhing from handcrafted furniture and decadent jewelry to exotic 
meats and spices. If the markets become too hectic, there are beauti-
ful Islamic colleges called "madersa" that are no longer in use and 
open 10 visitors. The symmetry of design and intricate arChitectural 
detail are extraordinary and worth a visit . 

Marrakesh is attractive to travelers looking for Moroccan market lif~ , 
but there are many surrounding venues to be seen outside the city. 

Essaouira, possibly one of the windiest places in the world, has a 
more relaxed, friendly atmosphere. It is fringed with a beach, white-
washed houses and Portuguese city walls from which visitors can watch 
Ihe sunset. Chefchaoen, located in the northem mountains, is also a 
beautiful city thai features Morocco's characteristic labyrinth medina. A 
large part of the city's income comes from growing marijuana in the near-
by hills, which could account for its relaxed atmosphere, but tourists are 
asked 10 refrain from buying any, as they are targeted for drug trafficking. 

Another essential trip to make outside the cities is to the Sahara 
Desert. Do not be templed by organized tourist trips offered within the 
city to the desert. Taking local buses and laxis provides a much cheap-
er allernative and allows sightseeing at a more leisurely pace. The town 
nearest the desert, Merzouga, is built entirely from sand and mud. 
Access to it involves an overnight camel ride to local Berber camps. To 
see only bumt-orange sand in every direction during the day, and then 
Ihe peace and coolness of the air as the sun sets to bring stunning night 
skies, is an incredible and equally unforgettable experience. 

Getting out of the city can be a welcome break from the crazy pace 
of Moroccan life, but be aware that the lower numbers of tourists 
means you are likely to receive excessive attention from hotel and 
reslaurant owners, which can be equally stressful. Todra Gorge is a 
day or two from Marrakesh. The nearby town of nnehlr can be intimi-
dating with its open-air slaughterhouses and small-town atmosphere. 
However, It is definitely worth braving a night to see the gorge In the 
morning and walk through the oasis back to the town. 

By ICA1E MclLHINNEY 
Staff Writer 

I t has been over a month since the world was changed by the deadly tsunami that hit Southeast Asia. The 
destructiOll will take decades to repair, 
and bodies are sti ll being recovered. 
Because of the overwhelming sense of 
grief and despair in the region, along 
with an ullsettlingly high estimate of 
lives lost, many are aslcing what they can 
do to help. 

Organizations such as the Red Cross 
and C.A.R.E. are vcterans at providing 
help. However, ill addition to these 
groups, VCS D students are providmg 
alternative ways to aid by forming 1:heir 
own organizations and events. 

Last wee\;, students had dIe opporru-
niry to donate $5 of their meal point~ to 
the tsunami relief at VCSD campus 
cafeterias, and from Feb. 7 to Feb. II, 
UCSD will be promoting a UCSD 
Cares week involving numerous volun-
teer and donation opportunities to help 
disaster victims. Additionally, individual 
UCSO srudents are contriliuting to the 
cause by conducting their own relief 
efforts. 

For the creative UCSD student who 
is looking for a heartfelt way to make a 
difference, Proj"ct Patchwork is a 
unique choice. 

Greg Suie, a junior Tburgood 
Marshall CoUege student and founder 
of the project, was moved by the news 
of the tsnnami and wanted to malee an 
impact. Having !lpent last summer 
worlcing in children's bomes and 
refugee camps in Sri Lanka, he said he 
now feels close to the nation's people. 
H e created Project Patchwork as a 

. compassionate way to raise money. for 

"I live and breathe everything Sri 
Lanka," Buie said. 

Fifteen schools, including UCSO, 
are participating in the program. With 
the help of the Rebuild Sri Lanka 
Foundation, Buie plans to collect deco-
rated quilt squarCl;, sew them together 
to form one large quilt, then unroll it on 
the beach in Sri Lanka when he returns 
there in three weeks. He will bring with 
him volunteers to help rebuild the 
Hambon Tora district of Southeast Asia, 
along with supplies and a scrapbook 
made by UCSD students. 

"\Ve've already raised over $10,000,-
Buie said. 

Donation boxes are stationed at 
Eleanor Rooseve.lt College and the 
:itudent Health Services office. Tt} con-
tribute to Project Patchwork or make a 
donation, contact Buie at gInU~d.edu. 

Marshall junior Sunaina G)'2ni is 
providing students with another way to 
contribute to the tsunami relief. Gyani is 
planning a benefit concert in an attempt 
to bring the cornrnuniry together and 
raise money for the victims in Southeast 
A..ia. 

"I knew of people in bands, and a 
venue,· Gymi said. "r could condnct it, 
and people oouId play the pam.' 

The event will take place at the Hard 
Rock Cafe in downtown L. Jolla on Feb. 
16. Starting at 7:30 p.m., the c ncert wiU 
feature the baruk Far From Home, Just 
John and Cassi Coulter. Presale tickets 
are $8 and $10 It the door. 

All ticket sales and donations from 
the concert will go directly to the Sew 
Foundation. 

"I just want to help," Gyani said. 
"But who doesn't want to help?" 

For more infonnation on where to 
purchase tickets and malce donatiQlls, e-
mail Gyani at rgytmi@wsd.edv or visit 

bttp:lfarruw.JeIHI.org. 
For those students looking to donate 

to an organization, San Diego World 
Response is involved in a relief effort at 
UCSD. SDWR is a grassroots nonprof-
it organ i zation run by students and pro-
fessional engineers who dediC:lte their 
spare time to raise money for disaster 
relief. 

Begun in 2004, SDWR successfully 
worked widl American Jewish World 
Service to ship several rons of supplies to 
Haiti and the Dominican Republic after 
the hurricanes last year. 

Twenry-eight-year-old VCSD engi-
neering graduate srudent Ron Tamari is 
the project manager for SDWR. He is 
positive ahout the organization and its 
potential to provide aid. 

"Every penny people give gets sent 
to a place,' Tamari said. "[Last year] we 
managed to get 535,000 of drugs donat-
ed from TEVA [Pharmaceuticals]." 

Until the end ofUCSD Cares week, 
SDWR wiU have bins located around 
camp1JS at the Student Health Services 
office. A.S. Volunteer Connection office, 
CUCS, Geisel Libnry, Residential Life 
Offices at all six colleges and the 
Volunteer Connel.:tioll ta ble on Li brary 
Walk.. They are asking for items such aq 
iodine, gauze pads, rubb.ing alcohol. dig-
ital thermometers and latex gloves, 
whicb wiU be shipped to Sri Lanka with 
the aid of donations. Any of these items 
can be purchased at Student H ealth 
Service. 

"We're always looking for volunteers 
and help," Taman said. 

SDWR will be coUeering items and 
donations &om the UCSD community 
until Feb. 18. 

For don.tions and infonnation on 
how to get involved, contact Tamlli at 
mAiHtlmlilr'i@yllhuo.tOm. 

Most accommodalions in Morocco are extremely 
cheap, and even more so if you sleep on mattresses on 
building roofs . This is sometimes tne best option, as 
cheap rooms often don't have a fan , and Ihe poslage-
stamp sized holes serving as windows rarely provide 
much fresh air. For a decenl double room wilh shared 
bath, expecllo pay $6 per nighl. Near Ait Benhaddou is 
a hoslel surrounded by a glowing red desert. 

ing treat on a hot Moroccan day, there are juice stalls 
that serve blends of mango, papaya, pineapple and 
banana juice, among others. For supper, Ihe main 
square of Djmaa EI Fna offers the cheapesl and most 
delicious foods. The square is transformed into a huge 
outdoor restaurant at night, wilh hundreds of different 
food stalls . Stick to the restaurants frequented by Ihe 
Moroccans. Although they don't look as glamorous, the 
food is tastier, and less likely to give you a dodgy stom-
ach. For braver travelers, look out for the traditional 
Moroccan dish of sheep's brains, tastefully presented 
in the skull . 

"Tagines" are the staple diet, consisting of a hearty 
stew made wilh various blends of spices, meats and 
vegetables. They are a delicious entree and come with 
bread and olives, and cost about $2 . To drink, try the fra-
grant "Berber whiskey," commonly known as mint tea, 
which is made wilh fresh mint leaves and copious 
amounts of sugar. For those who prefer a more refresh-

Asill beach: camels sunbathe while waiting for potential 
riders on the western coast of Morocco. 

If you need a good wash after a couple of days of 
traveling, head for a "hamma" for body scrubs par 
excellence, hot showers and mud masks. Cost: $4 to 
$5, maximum. Camel tours should not cost more than 
$60 for one night in the slow season. 

Local buses are pretty frequent and fairly priced, 
but will charge extra for baggage. There are trains that 
run moslly along the ooast and serve the major cities in 
the north. 'Petif taxis are priced per person, and the 
larger, aplly named "grand" taxis have a cheaper, fixed 
price . 

Although some people seem genuinely friendly at 
first , they may only be interested in the contents of your 
wallet. Unfortunately, not much is gained by politety 
refusing to buy the proffered camel , woolly jumper or 
table, and it's best not 10 get involved in the situation at 
all. Travelers quickly learn that unless there is some-
thing they truly desire, it is besl to walk with purpose 
and not slow down in front of market stalls or parades 
of shops, restaurants or hotels. 

II is also important to dress respectfully, with cov-
ered shoulders, elbows and knees; the more aware-
ness you show of local cuSlom, the better people will 
treat you . In this Muslim country, alcohol is not abun-
dant, and it Is basI 10 respect this. 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2005 lliE UCSD GUARDIAN 

DQINK TANK ~I CROSSWORD 
lokvo Ice fea 

all have their own varia ' s of an lie "Iced tea." The 
Long Island, Manh~a.~, .Georgilil,__ xas and Long Beach 

"tea" part is usually a co 'n' of tequila, rum, gin and 
vodka, blended together with 'f'lIavored 1Iquor_ The "Tokyo Ice 
Te3· follows this same basic recipe with a slight twist: The 
liquor added is kiwi-flavored, as opposed to more standard 
fruit flavors like peach Of cherry. 

~ .... .,. Fellmann 
ii ~aEdilor 

~ ~'Oz. kiwi 'tiqueur 
1 oz . . gin 1 oz. sugar syrup i-up ... -

.1 QZ, vodka 
1 oz. tequila lemon wedge 

Mil( !he rum, g'n, v~ka and ~Ia flrst~ . 
2 . Add the sugar syrup, 7-up and ice to the mix. 
3, Garnish with • ~rnO.lt~uty. 

Attractive, available Features section seeking 
creative and passionate writers. 

Interested applicants can submit resumes at the 
Guardian office, on the second floor of Student Center. 

ACROSS 
1 Deep cut 
5 Gooey mass 
9 Cavities in bones 
14 ZIP sponsor 
15 Insect stage 
16 Writer/singer Leonard 
17 Absolutely everything 
20 Pac. pact 
21 "Do others .. :' 
22 Texaco trademark 
23 Hawaiian coffee 
25 Conceal in one's hand 
27 Underhanded 
28 "Six Feet Under" 

channel 
30 Cinder ending? 
31 Prima donna 
34 Sandy's barks 
36 That _ hay! 
38 Slow in tempo 

. . .. _,.r,d 
""",." 1ti 

et Selected I·Shirts, Hoods and (9Ed 

41 Ragged 
44 Former anesthetic 
45 1996 election loser 
46 Of the ear 
47 Kuwait's ruler 
49 Twenty quires 
51 Soil turner 
52 Crackers 
54 Soft drink 
56 Fit of anger 
58 PC operator 
60 M ost recent 
62 Main artery 
65 This puzzle's theme 
68 Contaminate 
69 Brightly colored 
70 British informer 
71 Shorel ine indentation 
72 Former mates 
73 Fitness centers 

RUSSELL 
ATlfLmc.1102 

et 20% off all office, school and art supplies 
et Deals for your sweetie in the (9mputer ~nter 

[xcluding electronics and testing materials) 

FEATURES 7 

DOWN 
1 pluck 
1 Arthur of tennis 
3 Well, looky who's here 
4 Bookstore section 
5 Fed. publishing ser-

vice 
6 Lollapalooza 
7 Let loose unforeseen 

problems 
8 Milanese noodles 
9 Top shot 
10 Nottingham nabobs 
11 Tomorrow's soon 

enough 
12 Of the kidneys 
13 Fuming 
18 Sharpen 
19 Hang onto 
24 Banned orchard spray 
26 Temperate 
28 Loathe 
29 Impolite child 
31 Prevaricated 
33 Nixon's n ix 
35 Hold back 
37 Good yarn 
39 The Magi, e.g. 
40 Formerly 
42 Heiden or Sevareid 
43 Draw closer 
48 _ with the punches 
50 Lady's address 
52 Ciwies 
53 . Oriental 
55 Soup server 
57 Auctioneer's warning? 
59 Philosopher Descartes 
61 Faithful 
63 Limited period of time 
64 Invites 
66 Mel of the Giants 
67 Gl's garb 

See solutions on page 11 



8 CAMPUS CALENDAR THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY. FEBRUARY 7. 2005 

How to let ptlb1iJhe4 in the 

GUARDIAN 
CAMPUS 

CALENDAR 

,..It: to the Guardian office. upstairs in the Student Center; Ju: (858)534-7691; .... : uadcoiendo'@yohoo.com or 

FEATURED T HIS WEE K .. _ 
UCSD Theatre and Dance presents 
AS YOU LIKE IT 

By William Shakespeare, Direded by Larissa Kokemot 
8pm, Mandell Weiss Forum 

• 

One of Shakespeare's most 
well loved comedies, AS 
YOU LIKE IT follows the 
titillatingly complicated 
love story of Rosalind and 
Orlando. No One gets off 
easy in the Forest of 
Arden, where exiles seek 
shelter away from the 
envious court of Duke 
Frederick. There are more 
questions than answers 
and more confusion than 

certainty in Arden, where lovers dance in the tricky territory between man 
and woman, heart and mind and the pleasures and pains of falling in love. 
The director is a third-year MFA candidate in (he directing program at 
UCSD. Tickets: Students $)0, Staff/Seniors $12. General $15 . For info call 
858-5 34-4574. 

MON. FEB. 7 
CAREER 

Job Se.,ch Strltecies. llam·12pm @ Career 
Services (emer. Learn which job search meth· 
ods work best and how to use networking. 
previous experience. job listings and direct 
inquiry to fasHrack your job search. 
law S<hool: Prelll".tion .. the AppIiation 
Proc:ess, 1-3pm @ Career Services Center. 
Find out from UCSD's pre·lawadvisors how to 
prepare for and apply to law schools and how 
the admissions process works. Learn about 
the Law School Admission Test and the 
resources that can help you pick schools and 
wrrte your application essay. 

C L U B S 
"My Mind. My Body, My Spirit. My Bulton: 
II am-2pm @ library Walk. Part of AS 
Women's Commission's series of events, 
"Mind, Body, Spirit: Women's Heakh.· Make 
an emotionally up lifting button with UCSD 
Cares week. Donations go to Becky's House, a 
Domestic VIOlence Shelter. 
"SlInd Up For Kids - Don't Run Away: 7pm 
@ CSB 004. 13 children die on the streets 
fNery day from abuse, disease. and suicide. 
You can help prfNent this. Come see what its 
all about. hold a position in the club. and get 

,. ill wuiveo t(om the start! 

FEB. 10, 11, 12 
RECREATION 

lorna Nipts Presents Tom lIIosseu, 8pm @ 
Espresso Roma. Come enjoy some music as 
you relax in Roma. Free! 

TUES. FEB. 8 
ACADEMIC 

Academic Procr .... s lmem.tional Info' 
Session, 2:30pm @ International Center 
lounge. Academic Programs International has 
a variety of lIudy abroad programs in France. 
Hungary. Ireland. Italy. Mexico. Poland. Spain. 
and the UK. A program representative will be 
at the International Center to disruss numer· 
ous lIudy abroad opportunities. 

CAREER 

Resume Writine for Intemships .. Plrt-Time 
Jobs. 9:3O-10:45am @ Career Services Center. 
Need help developing your resume for an 
internship or part·time job search? At this 
workshop you will leam the important ele-
ments of a resume and how to utilize them, 
how to develop a resume draft and how to 
improve your cover letter writing skills. 

C L U B S 
-Sheddi"lliaht on tile Issue No One's 
Talkine About - A Disc_ion PInel on 
Depression: 3:30pm @ Cruss Cultural 
Center. Grab a snack and ask experienced 
UCSD Psych Services and Women's Peer 
Group personnel about depression·related 

ods@ucsdguo,dion.org. please specify in subject line tMt ~ is • ·caleoo.r submission· 
After name, time and location, please lim~ additional text to a concise 50 word description. Descriptions may be edited and 
"Weekly" listings may be bumped fo, space. Late email submissions will not be published. DHIIIlne is lpm 1hu~. 

issues. Part 01 AS Women's Commission's 
·Mind. Body, Spirit: Women's Health. series. 

LECTU RES 

• My Chak.· -the MIrdI for WIIIIIen', 
IIIthts ~ hprodudIw c:hoIA, 6:30pm fi 
Room 1103, Muir BiolOJlY Buildin •. Speaker: 
Patty Mooney. International award-winnin, 
producer. Avid editor. writer and photograph· 
er. Sponsored by Populltion Reduction .. 
Earth Preseration. 

RECREATION 

Cinemadditts Presents ·,inII Cut.. 7 & IOpm 
@ PC Theatre. Admission S3. 

WED. FEB. 9 
ACAOEMIC 

Semester It Sellnfo Session, 2 :3o-4pm @ 
International Center lounge. Interested in 
travelin, around the world by sIIip while earn· 
ing academic aedit? Come find out all about 
Semeller at Sea's Semester and Summer pro-
grams. For the summer 2005 \IOyage. UCSD 
students are eligible for S2,OOO scholarships! 

ART S 

The 2005 V Day' College Campaign presem 
-rile Vllinl MonoIopes.· 6 & 9pm @ PC 
Theatre. Proceeds to go to the following chari-
ties: License to Freedom, The Center for 
Community Solutions, and through VDay, an 
organization for women's freedom in raq. 
The Pub After Dark Presents Ugly Duckling 
with DJ Shammy Dee, 8:30pm @ Porte(s Pub. 
Free admission! 

CAREER 

Peace Corps Info Session, 5-6pm @ Career 
Services Center. learn more about the Peace 
Corps and their job opportunities. 
0pt0meIIy SdtooI: Prtpllltion .. AppIUIion. 
6· 7pm @ Career Services Center. Find out 
from an expert what admissions committees 
look for in optometry school applicants. 

CL UBS 

·Kick it Into Cur" Cardlo Kidtbolinc. 6-
7pm @ RIMAC Activity Room f2 . led by 
RiMAe Kickboxing Instructor Heather 
Howerton. Be on time, spact is limited. Part 
01 AS Women's Commission's series of events. 
"Mind, Body. Spirit: Women's Health~ 

HEALTH 

UCSD c.es about 'IOU. loam-2pm @ library 
Walk. The focus is llress reduction. We will 
have two massage therapists available to give 
(free) chair massages to IIressed·out lIu· 
dents! Makt a stress ball and learn about 
stress·reduction techniques. Sponsored by 
Student Health Advocates and AS. 
SIn DiIlO Blood link Blood Drift, 9am· 
2pm @ Scripps Institute of Oceanography. The 
Bloodmobile will be parked near Snackfopolis. 
Anyone 17 years old. in good heakh, and 
weighs at least 110 pounds may be eligible. 
Contact Lynn Cannella at 858.534.28JO or 
kanneUa@ucsd.edu for an appointment. 

RELIG I ON .. 

Ash WeclnesdIy EcumeniCIl Service. 12pm 
@ ERes Great Hall. 

THURS. FEB. 10 
A AT S 

·As YIIu Uke It" by ~Iiam Shakespeare. Bpm 
@ Mandell Weiss Forum. See fUlured box 

CAREER 

1I*Iulewlo. to WIn. 11 :lO-I2:3Opm @ Career 
SeMc:es Center. ~ this workshop. you will 
learn how to make the most of the important 
first few mirllles of an interview. what ques· 
lions to expect and how 10 respond elfectNely. 
c.- EJpIoratIon ,...: CMHrs Usine 
"",,1MIpIps. 2:J0.4pm @ Career 
Services Center. 8y atlending one of these 
popular career Exploration Panels. you will 
have the chance to meet and network with 
professionals in your chosen career fteld and 
learn what career Oplions are available. 
TIle c.pitIII Mows Procnm lecruitlne .. 
InfOflNtion Seuion, 1·3pm @ Car_ 
Services Center Conference Room. A graduate 
pro,ram in the stale capital with stipend. 
Deadline for the program is Feb. 23rd. Contact 
Layta Razavi at 858.229.9623 for more info. 

CLUBS 

·Mr. AIphI Ch~· 7pm @ PC Ballroom. Alphi 
Chi Omega's 11th Annual UCSD Philanthropy 
talent show event featuring male contestants 
from various campus organizations. Proceeds 
support the Alpha Chi Omega Foundation and 
local organizations for victims of domestic vi0-
lence. rICkets S6 @ Box Office. 

LEC TURES 

"Where CIoW ConnedIons end loCIl 
Action Meet,. 5-7pm @ Great Hall. Come to 
this community collaborative evening ready for 
dialogue and action around social jullice as 
we bring back UCSD alumni and San Diego 
activist organizations who are struggling for 
global change. Co·hosted by the Women's 
Center and Intemational House. 

RECREATION 

Cinemaddicts Presents ·lridcet Jones: TIle 
EcIp of lelSOll,· 7 & IOpm @ PC Theatre. 
Admission $3. 

FRI. FEB. 11 
ART S 

UCSD Theatre presents "As You Uke It" by 
William Shakespeare. Spm @ Mandell Weiss 
Forum. -

Lone Willk to Freedom. Spm @ Mandeville 
Auditorium. Tickets available at the Box Office. 

CA R EER 

On·CIoner. Prldlce Interviewi"l lor 
ElllpIoyment. llam-l pm @ Career Services 
Center. Practice responding to potential inter· 
view questions on<amera in a small· group 
setting and to receive immediate constructive 
feedback from a career expert and your peers. 
Space is limited; sign-up in advance by calling 
858.534.3750. 

.' UiiiolniiNoUry Publk Coune, 8am-5pm @ 
Rm. Ill, UCSD Extension Sorrento Mesa 
Complex. Fee: $15. Cal~ornia needs add~ional 
professional Notaries This class will provide 
the new or previously commissioned Notary 

with the education to pass the Slate exam. 
SPORTS 

Women', ........ VI. ChIco Sat., 5:30pm 
@RIMAe. 
...... , ....... 1 VI. ChIco 5tIte, 7:JOpm @ 
RIMAe. 

SAT. FEB. 12 
AR T S 

·As You Uke It" continues, 8pm @ Mandell 
Weiss Forum. 

R ECRfATION 
Cinemaddicts Presents ·Birth: 6 & 9pm @ PC 
Theatre. Admission S3. 

SPORTS 

Women's lasketNll VI. CII SlIle SlIni,lIus, 
5:30pm @ RIMAe. 
Men-s IasketbIII VI. CII State Stanislaus, 
7:30pm @ RIMAC 

SUN. FEB. 13 
AR T S 

Cus"'" "Pilar ledIII. 8pm @ Mandeville 
Recital Hall. Sponsored by the UCSD Music 
Department. Free and open to the public. 

WEEKLY 
ACAOEMIC 

L.anpap eon-s.tion Tables. weekly @ 
Caf~ ~ntanas, the ERC Dining Hall next to 
RIMAe. For more information. contact 
International House at ihouse@ucsd.edu or go 
to http://ihouse.ucsd.edu. 

CAREER 

Lepi Ethics/Risk MlnaJemen~ Tuesdays 
from 6:30-9:3Opm @ UCSD Extension 
Complex, Room 102 at 9600 N. Torrey Pints 
Rd. S345 fee. 
Cettifie4 Leea! Assisllnt Exam Preparation 
.. leview CIau, Wednesdays from 7 to IOpm 
@ UCSD Extension Complex. Room 101. This 
course is a MUST for anyone interested in tak· 
ingthe (LA exam in March 05! S345 fee. 

C L U B S 
AIIentine Tenco GrOtlp 'rlC!ia. Tuesdays 
from 9-11 pm @ Rec Gym Conference Room. 
No previous experience or partner necessary. 
http)/lluorg.ucsd.edu/-at, 
.. llroom DMce Club, Fridays from 1-4:3Opm 
@ the Rec Gym (nell to Main Gym). 
http)/\/\/WW·acs.ucsd.edu/- baliroom 
AS Women's Commision "Take Blck 11Ie 
NIcht" Event Planning Meetings. Thursdays @ 
7pm in the Student leadership Chambers. 
Contad Nandini Pillai at npillar@ucsd.edu for 
more info. 

HEA LTH 

5tudeftt ~!I!!! is n ful! ~rv"~ clinic open to 
all registered students. regardless of your 
heakh insurance status! Most appointments 
can be scheduled online at http://stu-
denthNIIh.ucsd. ... or CIII 534.1019. 

Spring Break in Hawaii! Rolling surf. Wann sunshine. Hot nights. And Hawaiian Airlines 
can get you there . Check our web site for the very lowest fares available. 

HawaiianAiTlines,coTl1 
-ltllllIU,-

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2005 

' C~mpus a capella group 
to. compete in regionals 

IyROY PAl( 
Contributing Writer 

For those who have never heard 
the Tritones - or even heard of 
them - the company is UCSD's 
very own a cappella singing group. 
The Tritones, featuring a soloist, a 
vocal body, and vocal percussion 
(beat-boxing), perform music 
entirely with their voices. The 
group boasts a diverse repertoire 
of songs ranging from the bootyli-
cious pop of R&B trio Destiny's 
Child to the modern masterpieces 
of indie-rock heavyweight 
Radiohead. 

In addition to making their 
voices heard at periodic pub shows 
and school fUllctions, the Tritones 
annually compete in the 
International Championship of 
Collegiate A Cappella. In March, 
the group will compete in the 
Regional Semifinals at Stanford 
University, the farthest the group 
has ever gone in the competition 
during its short history . 

"The competition at this next 
level will probably be greater," 
Tritones director Thmthuy 
Nguyen said. 

In past years, the Tritones' per-
formances in the ICCA have been 
hit-or-miss due to the competi-

t~on's ever-changing judging crite-
na . 

"Three years ago, there was 
more emphasis on the music 
aspect of .the performance, with 
roughly 70 percent for music and 
30 percent for performance," 
Nguyen said . "The following 
year, the criteria was split fifty-
fifty for music and performance. 
We did not place and were sur-
prised that the split had changed 
so dramatically." 

Although the ICeM; judging 
criteria may not be perfectly 
aligned to the Tritones' taste, the 
group has managed to satisfy the 
requirements without too much 
compromise . 

"This year, [ think we have 
done a good job balancing the two 
things which had conflicted: main-
taining the integrity of our sound 
as well as applying appropriate 
perfonnance aspects to make us an 
eligible competitor whom judges 
would seriously consider," 
Tritones assistant director Derlin 
Hsu said . 

The Tritones have demonstrat-
ed ability and talent, but the group 
still remains something of an 
underdog. 

"We receive no grants from the 
school and are not affiliated with 
the music deparonent, and there-
fore must raise money on our 
own," Nguyen said. "[ do believe 
richer groups have an advantage." 

Other collegiate a cappella 
groups with more resources have 
the opportunity to rehearse in 
conditions similar to those in the 
competition, and also to have 
albums produced that can help 
build their popularity, putting 
them at a decided advantage. 

The Tritones are faced with an 
uphill climb with somewhat unfa-
vorable odds, but seem to be con-
tent with the mere opporrunity to 
perform and compete. 

"All I know is that I am really 
excited to have such a goal that can 
motivate Tritones improvement 
and to share Tritones sound with 
other groups whom we haven't 
met, experience the next level of 
competition and make some new 
friends in a cappella groups," Hsu 
said. 

Chorus line: Tritones members gather in Center Hall for weekly rehearsals, 
preparing for future competitions 

UCSD CENTER FOR THE HUMANITIES 
... Continuing the Dialogue ... 

MAKING OF THE 
MODERN WORLD: 

THE SHORT VERSION 
The Center for the Humanities and Eleanor Roosevelt College 

present a "short version" of the College's world cMlization sequence. 

Wednesday, February 9, 2005 
"Fascism, Communism, and the Crisis of Democracy 

in the Early 20th Century." 
Pamela Radcliff, Professor 

Wednesday, February 23,2005 
"Give Them Stuff!" - Material Well-Being, Consumer 

Desires, and the Making of a New WOOd Order," 
Patrick PIIttenon, Lecturer 

LECTURES WILL BE HELD IN THE GREAT HALL AT UCSD 
FREE AND OI'!N 10 1ltI PWUC. For additional information please call 858-53+0999 

or visit our web .~e ...... 'III .... ctr •• c •••••• 

ruE UCSD GUARDLAN FEATURES 9 

, Take a 
FREE 

Practice 
Test! 

&MAT I GRE ILlAT i. MeAT j 'DAT I OAT I PCAT I TOEFl: 

Practfoe tests taIdnC place 
OIH8IIpus at UC sen .,..., on: 

February 12 

Test Prep and Admissions 

1.-800-KAP-TEST 
kaptest.com 

\ 

Two Large 1- Topping Pizzas 

onl'$14.99 
Limired Delivery Area • De/ivery Charges May Apply 

_ .-willi any _ offer. Cull.",..... peyo all applicable salel tax. 
valid only .t s.n Diago County Pap. John', Pizza 5101l11. 

Expires 3n105 

tI' Real exam-like conditions 
tI' Detailed performance analysis 
tI' Test strategies 

Higher test scores guaranteed 
or your money back 

Seats are limited. Register today! 
- Test names art! leglsu ..... e-d !Jad&lTl8l'kfo of their h~&~C1J\t~ O'l¥fltol'S. 

"'CondltIOf'&. end restrictions t'lppl ,., For oot"l"'ll'lete gtic)ral }tue oi:,;:bihty 
requir&rr.ents. VISit ~aOUt st oom/h"~, The HIM@f Score Gu ~u ar: :.ee 
nrogram Ortl)' IJppllQ S In "" .l ~al'l COllrfiOr. tsio. .. U"l find rocnpiet,r;-j Within 
tne UnfteCl Slates. ant! Cm.JCJa. 

CALL US 
FOR LUNCH 

One Large Works & One Large Two Topping 

$18.99 
Limired Delivery Area · Delivery Charges May Apply 

Not valid with any other offer. Customer pays all applicable sale, tax. 
ValId only at San Diego Count)l Papa John', Pizza Stores 

Expires 317105 
. , 

\I~\'~10~1\S LARGE SPECIAL! • \I~\'~10~'.~ EXTRA, EXTRA! 
One Large, One Topping 

$8.99 
L""j/ed Delivery Area • DelNery Charf16S May Apply 

_ valid with any otMr "".,. Cull.",..... peya a. appIcabte _, tax. 
Valid only .1 s.n DIego Count)l Pape John', Pizza 5t"",". 

1_ _ Expires 3n105 

Breadsticks $2.99 
Cheesesticks $3.99 
Chickenstrips $3.99 

um,red Delivery AreB • DelrVfJfY Charges May Apply 
Not valid with any other offer. Customer pays all appUcable salas tax 

Varid only ot San Diego County Papa John's Pial Slor ••. 
Expires 317105 



10 LAS IFIEDS 

GdAROiAN 
Valentine !Jjjue 
MON. FEB. 14 

\ Buy your special someone 

aVALENTINE 
PHOTO!» 

S4500 

THE U SDOUARDIAN 

CGuARoIAN LASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the fight to claSSify, edit delete offenSive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all advemsements Wi thout pnor notlficanon. The Adliertlser will not 
hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulnng from the publication of the advertisement 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the adverllser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect poroon of the adverllsement There are no re funds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: 55 per 10 words 
Faculty & Staff: S7 per 10 words 

All others: S10 per 10 words 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

no.oo per column inch 
Deadlines: 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, ZOOS 

Asian Egg Donors Wanted: Looking 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED 

Age 19-29 
Excellent Compensation 

Go to www.bldgfams.com 
or Call (800)977-7633 

(4" x 3" ... send us a photo and a short 
message !) 

Plene ,end il lI correspondence ,e,iI,dine Classifi ed, to: Publlc.1IOn oate D,<!>.y Ads Lille Ads Building Families 
UCSD Gua,dian, Attn: Cla,sified., 9500 Gilman Orive * 0316, l. Joll., CA 92093. Mondoy 2 pm Thurs. 3 pm Thu,s. 

Call our ad 
mana2er at 

858-534-3467 

Actuat tocat ion: Student Center A, Room 217. Thu,sdl Y 2 pm Mon. 3 pm Mon. for healthy, pa rtially or entirely of 
Chinese descent women ages 20-2B 
y/o. Email cdonors@yahoo.com. 
Excellent compensation. (2/1O) 

DEADLINE· 
THURS. FEB. 10th 

Classified Line Ads appear In both the GlMlrdlan PRINT and ONLINE editions. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Hookup! Go to the Guardian home 
page for a link to our FREE Guardian 
Personals in the special Valentine 
issue (Mon. Feb. 14th). If you're livin' 
la rge, buy your ho ney a special 
Valentine Photo ad (in the same 
issue) for just $45! Call 858-534-
3467. (2/ I 0) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Valentine's Floral Delivery and Sales 
Clerk positions available. Costa Verde 
Center. Need own vehicle for deliv-
ery. 656.622.9999 (2/10) 

CAMP WAYNE FOR GIRLS 
Children's sleep-away camp, 
North east Pennsylvania (6/ 18-
8/14/ 05) . If you love children and 
want a ca ring, fun environment we 
need Directors and Instrudors for: 
Tennis, Swi mming (W.S.I. preferred), 

Golf, Gymnastics, Cheerleading, 
Dra ma, Camping/Nature, High & low 
Ropes, Team Sports, Photography, 
Sculpture, Gui tar, Aerobics, Self-
Defense, Video, Piano. Other staff: 
Administrative/Driver (21+), Nurses 
(RN's and Nursing Students), 
Bookkeeper, Mothers' Helper. On 
Campus Interviews February 26th. 
Call 1.600.279.3019 or apply on-line 
at www.campwaynegirls.com (2/24) 

A+ SUBS 
Preschool Substitutes, 
aides, & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours 

S725•S 1050 hourly 
Call Jacki 

858-565-2144 

Addressers wanted immediately! No 
ex perience necessary. Work at home. 

UTe. LA JOLLA' UCSD YOUR SOURCE FOR YOUR BEST TAN 
Home 01 the 

3251 Holiday Ct. H04 
858·455·0909 
~o.!e .faLC!!jlY.:. as!0~ I.!,om ~I I!Jr~o !.nd_ R~kJlo~o!!! 
: Mystic '.n I: l"'~ $1888 I 

I ~I I 
SUNLESS : Buy 1 Get 1 :: UHUMmD : 

I FREE I I MONTHLY I 
t First lime customers only. I I TANNING . I 

Y TAN I E 2121105 I I SHsalonlordetllls. I I ___ xp ___ _ _ -' t __ ~p _~~ _ _ -' 
or less) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

: Mntic '.n :: TAN FOR ONLY : 
I or Ultr.led I I 1 I UV-FREE I Buy 5 $,95 I I $ .DO I 
I for only c .. I I A DAY· I 
' Inpaelll.agesof l0ormor8 ,1 I 
I Please presem useD 10 I 'M·n 0130 consecU11Ve 

Exp 212t105 I days Exp 212t105 I 

Call 405.447.6397. (2/22) 

CHILDCAIE 

Del Mar area family seeks after 
school care for one 9 y/o boy Mon + 
Tues + Fri from 2:30-6:30/7pm. 
Involves driving. 858.41 4.031 6. 
maherjk@earthlink.net (2/1 0) 

After school care for 2 great boys, 
ages 9-11 yrs. Del Mar area/Mon-
Tues-Thurs. 3:00-6:30pm. Involves 
driving/ t utoring . 
85B.259.9670/w_burgoon @yahoo.c 
om (2/7) 

Seeking MOTHER'S HELPER. Flexible 
hours. We are 1 block from UTe mall. 
Call lisa 858.442.2213 (2/7) 

FOR RENT 
NORMAL HEIGHTS, Large DELUXE 1 
BR S800 Washer & Dryer in Unit, New 
Carpet, New Paint, Ground level, 2 

I I ~ '.,~I I 1 ..1 ~A 
~Il :.L ~ J1 1111 ~ U ~ c:.LI $269 

5-year limiled warranty 

17" LCD Flat Panel Monitor $ 199 
3-yeor limited worronty 

INTEL 2200 NOTEBOOK $699 
(OMPUTER PARTS, A(CESSORIES & REPAIR 

UCSD PO'S ACCEPTED 
LOWEST PRICES AND BEST 

SERVICE! 
COMPUTER DEPOT 

8333 Claire mont Meso Blvd. (o ff the 163) 
(858) 277·7300 
www.mypcpar's.com 

------------------------------------

GUARDIAn ~~~~~·r~~~;~~~~~,:~~~~~~~:~~:\, 
GUARDIAN VALENTINE PERSONALS BRING THIS FORM TO OUR OFFICE, 

UPSTAIRS ABOV~ THE STUD ENT CENTER WE 'LL PUBLISH IT fOR fREE ! LIMIT. 20 WORDS. PLEASE. YOU COULD E-MAtL US A 
PERSONAL BY WAY Of THE LINK AT www.ucsdguordion .org . PUBLISHED MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14TH. 

------------------------------------

Parking Spaces, Security Gate, Ring 
bell at Unit #2 to see. Call Ti to 
619.977.4532 at 4532 36th Street. 
OPEN 24/7. (2/10) 

NORMAL HEIGHTS, $1350 Spotless & 
Charm ing, Total Remodel lBr House, 
Hardwood Floors, All New 
App li ances, Dishwasher, Micro, 
Garage ($75), laundryroom, Garden 
Setting. 4530 35th Street. Near 
Kensington off Adams Ave. Call 
Barba ra 619.594.2173 or Cell 
858.361 .3235 to see. (2/10) 

3 Bedroom Townhouse Near UTe, 
UCSD Availa ble September, Pool, 
Washer/Dryer $1900/Month. Call 
858.792.6453 (2/22) 

FOR SALE 
HOUSE for SALE in Mira Mesa (10 
miles from UCSD) Panoramic VIEW! 
$465K-$479K. INFO : 
www.fsbo.homestead.com/files/ind 
ex.htm. Call 856.566.8602 (2/10) 

WANTED 
Asian egg donor needep to help a 
local couple, confidential, compensa-
tion up to $30,000, having good heart, 
blood type B or 0, please respond : 
blessfamily2000@yahoo.com (2/28) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED $6000-
$15,OOO+(based on specific qualifi-
cations) for qualified, responsible 
applicants. Special need for Jewish, 
Asian, East Indian Donors. Close per-
sonal support provided by an experi-
enced Egg Do nor. Fertility 
Alternatives, Inc. 951 .696.7466 
www.FertilityAlternatives.com (6/2) 

----------

Volu ntee rs paid $30 for an interview. 
If you are entirely of Chinese, 
Japa nese, or Ko rean descent, age 21-
26, ca ll 552.85B5x5590. (3/31) 

SSS Eyeblink Study - Up to Sl60m 
Health y subjects needed: 18 -35, 
right-ha nded, drug-free, no psychi-
atric history. Studies M-F, 8-4 only. 
UCS DMC, Hillcrest . 619.543.2314 
(2/7) 

SERVICES 
TOUCHED BY ADOPTION? Concerned 
United Birthparents, a support group 
for birt h parents, adoptees, and 
adoptive pa rents. 619.685.7673 
www.CUBirthparents.org (2/10) 

PERSONALS 
Hookup! Go to the Guardian home 
page for a link to ou r FREE Guardian 
Personals in the special Valentine 
issue (Mon. Feb. 14th). If you're livin' 
large, buy your honey a special 
Valentine Photo ad (in the same 
issue) for just S45! Call 858-534-
3467. (2/1 0) 

Happy 21st Birthday Melissa!! Hope 
you had fun last night and are feeling 
good this morning. (2/7) 

Paul McCartney did have a wardrobe 
malfunction during yesterday's Super 
Bowl. His Red Dye #5 started leaking 
down the back of his neck. (2/7) 
------- ----

Maybe after the football season, 
Guardian columnists will cease 
these tryouts for USA Today. (2/7) 

STUDENT TRAVEL 
MAKE 

YOUR 
BREAK 

!'i8each 
nCancun $789 

, week at Club Verano Beat, a 
beach front property 

" IliP EurQpe 
nAmsterdam $608 

6 nights at the Hans Brinker in 
the Leidseplein area 

»Paris $570 

Me Alternatiye 
nCosta Rica $819 

8 days of accommodation and 
transfers with the GAP Pass 

6 nights at the Absolute Paris in 
the Republique aree 

nMexico City $359 
, week at the Moned. Hostet 

lit.1TRAVEL I 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Neus: Money talks in this major league pastime 
conrinued from page r 2 

amount of money given to players. 
The National Football League has 
adopted this strategy, and as a 
result, the star players are more 
evenly disuibuted and the playi ng 
fi eld is more even. It is not fair that 
the Yankees can have a $209 mil-
lion pa yroll while the Pittsburgh 
Pirates can only afford (0 pay their 
playe rs $40 million. T he Yankees' 
shortStop Alex Rodriguez and first-
baseman Jason Giambi will com-
bine to make about the same as the 
entire 25 -man Pi ttsburgh roster. 

Pirates owner Ke\~n McClatchy 
took the first step by criticizing the 
winter's premiere signings as 
"rid iculous at best." Considering 
the fact that the Pirates' best player 
in 2004 was Craig Wilson, T agree 
with his statement. Even if Wilson 

becomes a well -known star, it will 
not matter, because he will just 
become a free agent and get a huge 
payday from Steinbrenner. 

Hopefully other owners will 
stand up, before the collective bar-
gaining agreement expires in 2006, 
and put a stop to this madness. 

If th is chaos continues, the 
league could shut down and never 
start back up. Owners are spending 
money they most likely do not 
have. The Arizona Diamondbacks 
filed for bankruptcy a few years 
ago, but they were somehow able 
to shell out $33 mi llion to Russ 
Ortiz and $45 million to Troy 
Glaus. When the players find out 
that they are not going to receive 
the money they have been condi-
tioned to expect over the years, the 
players union wi ll go on strike. 

When there is no baseball being 
played, the organizations are not 
making any money, and may well 
never be able to pay their players. 

It might seem as if the players 
would then agree to come back for 
"the love of the game," but that is 
very doubtful. Clemens proved this 
when he announced he would play 
one more season only if the Astros 
met his salary demands. 

Hopefully when Clemens' arm 
begins to wear down by the second 
month of the season, he will realize 
how ignorant a person he is. Maybe 
he will figure out that he demand-
ed to be paid 18 times the amount 
of money that all the owners in the 
league combined to contribute to 
the tsunami rescue relief effort. 

Thank you, Mr. Clemens, for 
destroying the game America loves. 

Water polo: Triton offense comes up short 
conlimu:d from page 12 

unit and by Lyman's goals, each of 
which leveled the score in the first 
three period . 

"We played good enough to win 
tonight, the defense was aggressive 
and, except for tho e times where 
we could have shot morc, our 
offense was good," UCSD head 
coach Larry Sanders said. 

Less than a minute after the 
opening of the econd half, Lyman 
la ced a shot frum the eight-mecer 
mark into the top corner of the 
cage to tie the game for the third 
lime and quell any momentum the 
Wolverines may have had goi ng 
into the half with a 3-2 advantage. 
Lyman also scored twice on man-
up adva ntages in the first pe~iod . 

"We outswam Michigan and 
our team was better defen~ive l y, 
stopping a lot of thei r better play-

ers. We tied the game up, but we 
needed more offensive movement 
and to get a few more shots on the 
cage," Clevenge r said. 

The Tritons had troubl e follow-
ing up Lyman 's third goal, which 
paved the way for arsai's goal. 
From four meters out, N arsai 
ski pped a shot just under UCSD 
junior goaltender Kaitlin Foe 's arm 
, 0 put the Wolverines ahead at 4 :37 
in the third. 

The cages remained silent until 
Godek gave Michigan the only two-
goal lead of the game at the 5:3 7 
mark in the fourth, beating Foe with 
a shot just inside the left POSt. 

Bajorek seemed to break the 
timidity on offense when he put 
the Tritons within one late in the 
game. Pumping the ball from seven 
meters Out, Bajorek sought our an 
open teammate, but, finding no 

one, fired a shot into the top of the 
cage rather than spending more 
time waiting for an openi ng. 

The Tritons were in action Feb. 
5 and ::eb. 6 at the UCS D 
Invitational. Results were unavai l-
able at press time. 

crossword solutions 
iii Ii'II A QI iii i X ill ~ 1 N I 
,.WVN ano, lNIV l 

liIiOt"'OI:lIlO'O~AI,j 
V .1. ... 0 V • .1. II '11 .... i 9 n _3 

°1'111:1 'I1ij .~ • 0'1" ::I 0 101 
.'" V 

N 
3_ 

:> I .1.0 .:1 1 0 0.1:1 ::I H 1 :I 
N W Ol 01'" WO ~ IIjill l l W 1 
o .1. N 3 1. .1. N I V • 9 :l jj V _v 

A~ '!~ .~ .0 a H A 1 S ... 1 0"_ 
1:1 V .1. S. 0 lNn.o .1. v ::I S 
tlNVli 3 iS 3l 0iNl ::lHl 
N 3 HOO Vdnd Od sn 
Vtj.1.NW dO l e H sve 

SPORTS II 

... go to Europe for Spring Break! 
Rail Europe is offering one free rail day on any 6-, 8-
or 1 Q-day Eurail Selectpass! Take the train - the easiest 
way to get around in Europe - for less! 

7 days for $267 
Youth 2ftQ-dass rate 

"f '~,~r:-
-'«-

1~I ~aiIEurope 
raileurope.com 888-438-RAIL 
""13b~lorpurcha"Fob I-Mar 312005 PaSSIMlbe usodWllhln",monlhl omda',oIISSlJ' 
p"" basod on Eu,.,1 3-<:OU11ry Selectpm Pllce ~ .,., .,.,100 based on IWO Of mote people 1"",11"9 1!J9f'Ih~ 

The Guardian is ONLINE at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Advertise in the special 

hla , Barbado$ : 8r~' I England i Fran~~ I Germany 
Italy I Mex;a> 1 Southeast Asia ! Spain 

SwifUrtand ! Taiwan ! Th~ Ne~erlandsJ8e"ium 
..... 

UCB students in good stooding 
~ Students from any college 
~ Adults commited to serious study 

High school students """0 have 
completed the l11h grade 

.. .... 

... Earn University credit 
Visit distar'lt pldCes 
Combine your trovel & study 
Financial aid is available 
Open enrollment 

For ..... lafor_1Ion .... 0. I. · 

summer.berkeley.ecIu 
Berkeley.summer sessions 

InternatlOMI Program. 
2481 Heant Ave. 

Berlcele" CA 94720-1090 
"'ephone: 510.643.3364 F.-x: 510.643.1276 
ErMtk ~aII~ey.ecIu 

IARDJAN 
Valentine 3JJu$J:. 

MON. FEB. 14 \ 
Reach 

40,000 
readers who will be 

... buying jewelry and gifts 
. .. sending flowers 

. .. going out to dinner 
... seelng a mOVIe 

. .. renting limos 
••• and much more! 

Call 858-534-3467. Deadline: Thurs. Feb. 10, 2pm 

9M~~ .. . 
i?}r <:)1<:) j{i) ~ 

4"x3", for $45 
published MON. FEB. 14 

Call 858-534-3467 for details 



Women's tennis starts off season, 2-0 
Tritons defeat Grand Canyon, Point Lorna at home 

By EVAN WANG 
Staff Writer 

Two up, two down - that's the 
story so far for UCSD women' 
tennis, which kicked off its 2005 
spring 'easo n by hosting two 
home matches and cru hing the 
competition, defeating both 
Grand Canyon University on Feb. 
3 :lnd Point Loma University on 
Feb. I, each by match scores 'If 7-
2. 

The Triton women, led by 
head coach' Liz LaPlante, are the 

o. II Division II school in the 
nation, according to the 
I ntercollegid~e Tennis ociation. 
1 n the California Collegiate 

thletic Assocbtion, the Tritons 
are ranked first after fini shing last 
cason 10-0 against conference 

o pponents. 
On Feb. 3, the Trito ns faced off 

aga inst th e Grand Canyon 
Antelopes at rhe orthview 
lenn i., Courts. Grand Canyon, a 
former member of the CCAJ\, for-
feited twO ga mes - the sixth sin-
gles spot and the third doubles 
pot - because of an insufficient 

number of player . The Tritons 
took the gift, but offered no such 
chari ty in the other seven 
matchups, winning five of them. 
The No. I doubles spot provided 
the most exciti ng match of the day, 
pitting CSD's junior Tara 
Siddiqui and sophomore Marsha 
Malinow up against Grand 
Canyon's M ed ini Sharma and 
Nikita Bhardwaj, with the Tritons 
coming out o n top in a nail-biting 
tiebreak, 9-8 (7- ). The Triton's 
victor), in the other doubles 
matchup was no contest, as sopho-
more, Katie :vlcKee and Kristin 
Bronowicki defeated the 
Antelopes' Shawna Young and 
Li ..• J" fY l· jardy, ~-1. 

" I'm 0 excited about playing 
with [vlalinow[," Siddiqui sa id. ':1 
think we have great potential for 
the season. We have great chem-
istry, and the footwork is there, we 
ju t need to work on the finesse. " 

In .. ingles action, the Antelopes 
picked lip th eir only two wins of 
the match at the o. I and o. 2 
spots, with Sharma defeating 
Malinow and Bhardwaj defeating 

junior Marissa Hilker. The Tritons 
won at the No.3, 4 and 5 spots, 
with junior Leigh Roberts, McKee 
and Bronowicki all wi nning in 
straight sets. 

T he Tritons' eros town rival, 
Point Lorna, also vi ited on Feb. I . 
Once again, the No. I doubles 
spot provided the most exciting 
dra ma of the day, featuring 
Sidd iqui and Malinow against 
Point Lorna 's Ashley Strimple and 
Anita Sieczka. This match also 
went to a 17th-game tiebreak, but 
this time Siddiqui and Malinow 
went down, 8-9 (7-9). Strimple 
also had a hand in the Tritons' 
only other loss of the day, defeat-
ing senior Jasmin Dao at the o. I 
singles spot, 6-3, 6-0. The other 
seven matche ended with Tritons 
in the win column. Malinow, 
1 lilker, Roberts, McKee and 
Bronowicki all won their singles 
matches, and the double teams of 
Bronowicki/McKee <lnd Oaol 
llilker also downed their oppo-
nents for a final tally of 7-2 in 
favor of the Tritons. 

LaPlante has high hope about 
the pairing of Siddiqui and 
Malinow, who paired up fo r the 
first time this sea on. 

"1am and Marsha played twO 
great matches together," LaPlante 
said. "The competition was strong, 
but they played really well in both, 
and when everybody is playing that 
well, tiebreaks happen." 

The Tritons' goal for the sea-
son is to repeal their perfect per-
formance last season in conference 
play, and to go undefeated. The 
team also has high hope to make 
a name for itself in national com-
petition by claiming a spot in the 

CM Division II ationals in 
May. The team's bid last year was 
cut short hv " ~w~ ii - ' ril() .;lt rhf' 

. regional tOurnament, and the 
Tritons have an AprilS date with 
their rivals circled on their calen-
dars. Other stronb regional com-
petition includes BY Ilawaii, the 
top tcam in the country, and 
Ilawaii Pacific. 

"We got within one match of 
making it to nacionals last yea r," 
sophomore Allison Legakis said. 
"We've gotten a taste of it, and will 
work hard to take the next tep 

Greg DalelCuardian 
Undefeated: Sophomore Kristin Bronowicki and the Tritons women's tennis team 
started the season 2"(), beating Point Lorna on Feb. 1 and Grand Canyon on Feb. 3 
this year." 

Even with these lofty goals, 
Siddiqui urges everybody to main-
tain fo'u . 

"Befo re we worry about 
n~tinn~ls. we have to take care of 
first thiilg' fir t, · said Siddiqui, 
one of three team captains. "That 
means taking C:lre of business in 
our conference, then at regionals. 
But no matter what happens, I 
hope we all support each other. I 
think that this tcam, on any given 
day, can rise up and become one of 
the best teams in the nation. It's a 
matter of how our team dynamics 
and individual confidence play 
out. The mental game is the most 

important part of tennis." 
The team has II returning 

players and twO first-year players. 
"Our top six are very experi-

enced," LaPla n te said. "Our 
sophomnrf'< a e improved II lvl, 
and the freshmen have a consider-
able amount of junior tennis tour-
nament experience, being highly 
ranked in orthem California, so 
1 feel we have a lot of experience 
and potential." 

The Tritons will travel this 
weekend to Cal Poly Pomona for 
their first conference match of the 
season on Feb. 12, and wiII return 
home the following day to host 
UC Davis. 

Women's water polo falls to Michigan 

Andrew PM/Cuardion 
Close u ll: Scoring a goal in the final minutes against Michigan, senior driver Tobi 
Lyman and UCSD could not get past the Wolverines in their 5·4 loss. 

By DANIEL DiAl 
Senior Staff Writer 

Confident after returning 
most of their sta rters from the 
2004 cam paign, the 14th-ranked 
UC D women's water polo team 
felt ready for o. 12 Michigan in 
their season opener a t 
Canyonview Pool on Feb. 4. In 
falli ng to the Wolveri nes, 5-4, 
however, the Tritons found them-
selves troubled by a different 
opponent: first-game anxiety. 

UCSD matched Michigan 
goal-for-goal for the better part of 
the contest, but uddenly became 
timid late in the third, taking fewer 
shots and giving up the tie-breaker 
to Sheetal Narsai at 4:37 in the 
period, and the eventual game-
winner, tallied by Rebecca Godek 
with 5:29 left in the game. UCSD 
also struggled with its power plays, 
going zero-for-six in the last three 
periods after converting two-of-
three in the opening frame. 

With the loss, the Tritons now 
stand at 0-1 while the Wolverines 
move to 3-2 . Tobi Lyman 
notched a hat triclc for UCSD 

while arsai and Shana Welch 
led Michigan with a pair of goals 
each. 

CS O sophomore 2-meter 
Sarah Bajorek cut the Wolverines' 
lead to within one with I :22 left in 
the game, but just as the Tritons 
grabut:d possession and a six-on-
fi ve advantage with less than a 
minute to play, the nerves struck 
with a vengeance. Twice, UCSD 
senior driver Courtney Clevenger 
sai led a pass over the head of 
ophomore utili ty Michelle 

Perkins as the TritOns failed to get 
off a shot in the final minute. 

"I was a bit nervous because it 
was one of those situations you 
dream about, being able to tie the 
game with IS seconds left and 
with a man up," Oevenger said, 
"It was a bit unexpected for the 
first game, but we were also timid 
on offense. We weren't shooting 
the ball enough." 

The finish, however, was one 
of the few dark spots in an other-
wise bright perfonnance for the 
Tritons, led by a young defensive 

See wml POLO, Page I I 

MONDAY 
FEBRUARY 7, 1005 

Greed 
destroys 
baseball 
neus' 
news 

12 

Michael Neustedter 

M ajor League Baseball fans not only watched owners toss out more than $1 bil-
lion to free agents this winter, but 
also witnessed the tragic end to the 
American pastime. T he out-of-con-
trol spen'ding habits of MLB owners 
has created an unsolvable problem 
that will soon demolish the league. 

The league i a complete mes 
where only the riche t survive. A 
team's succe s no longer depends 
on the strength of its players but 
rather the wealth of its owner. 
Without a rich owner, a team can-
not ign any above-average ftee 
agents or even re-sign its own 
homegrown talent. 

The Oakland thletics were 
fo rced to trade away all -star pitch-
ers Tim Hudson and Mark Mulder 
this winter a a result of the absurd 
alaries other pitchers of their cal-

iber received . Oakland general 
manager Billy Beane knew that 
Hudson and Mulder would 
demand a salary of at least $20 mil-
lion each. Instead of waiting for 
them both to leave through ftee 
agency, Beane shipped them off, 
along with any chance of making 
the playoffs, for some unproven 
minor leaguers. 

The New York Yankees' owner 
George teinbrenner kicked off the 
insane spending by signing former 

Ad2'!t~~~!'~!e~ c!:"r,i"g pitcher 
Jaret Wright to a three-year, 21 
million dea l. This is the ame Jaret 
Wright who finished 4-10, wi th an 
ERA of around eight in 2003. 
Wright is at best an average pitch-
er, and deserves no more than $3 
million per year for his services. 

The Yankees were also able to 
pay $16 million a sea on to Randy 
Johnson, who will soon be 42 years 
old. Johnson had an outstanding 
season last year, but his arm is about 
to fa ll off. The Yankees are expect-
ingJohnson to go' out on the mound 
and throw over 100 pitches every 
five days. Maybe they also forgot 
the surgeries that removed all the 
carti lage inside Johnson's knees. 

A subway ride away, the Mets 
forked out a combined $194 mil-
lion on Carlos Beltran, Pedro 
Martinez and Kris Benson. T he 
Mets' genera l manager Omar 
Minaya must have forgotten that 
first baseman Mo Vaughn will be 
owed $17 million to sit on the 
bench again, eating up all the food 
in sight, instead of fielding the balls 
hit to first base. At least Vaughn 
will have company when the Mets 
discover they just paid more than 
$50 million to a pitcher hiding a 
major shoulder injury. 

Although the Yankees and Mets 
wasted millions of dollars this win-
ter, no team wasted its money more 
than the Houston Astros, T he 
Astros agreed to pay Roger 
Clemens S 18 million for one sea-
son, even though he will be 43 
years old in August. 

These crazy contracts are 
destroying baseball, and someone 
needs to stand up to commissioner 
Bud Selig and demand a salary-cap 
rule. Such a rule would establish a 
maximum payroll that owners 
could spend and therefore limit the 

See NEUS, Page II 


