
UCSANDIEGO 

AS. CGunclIt • a.nc. J 
Opinion 
LdIIS to the EcItDr 
Crossword Puzzle 
OaI5i1eds 
Campus Calendar 

THE UCSD 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,1005 

14 

SPoRtS 
End of 
the road 
The women's soccer ~~. 
run comes to a stall 
in regionals. 
page 16 

VOLUME 116, ISSUE 16 

-----------THE SRTV SHUTDOWN-----------
PROFILE 

President 
pulled from 

all sides 
By CHARLES NGUYEN 

News Editor 

At times, A.S. President 
Christopher Sweeten is as much 
of a figurehead in his .S. Council 
as Prince Charles is in the British 
Parliament. 

As the council's leader, Sweeten's 
role entails ultimate responsibility 
for the unraveling of Student-Run 
Television. As a nonvoting member 
of the council, he could only watch 
as councilmembers spouted ideolo-

See SWEmN. Page B 

Alexander Varond/Guordion file 
ecr.1edion: AS. President Christopher 
Sweeten talks at an SRTV staff meeting. 

Thousands approve call for special election 
Student advocate to protest petition through grievance 

By CHARLES NGUYEN 
Staff Writer 

A.. President Christopher 
Sweeten has said he plans to push 
through a petition signed by more 
than 2,600 UCSD students pro-
testing a nudity ban on Student-
Run Television de pite opposition 
from everal members of the AS. 
CounciJ. 

The signatures, gathered by John 
Muir College senior Steve York, 
Earl Warren College senior Daniel 
Watts and several representatives of 
SRTV, were presented to Sweeten at 
the Nov. 9 council meeting. 

As stated in the A. . Council's 
constitution, a minimum of 10 per-
cent of the student body must sign 
the petition , which would force a 
special election with in 15 acaderruc 
days of the document's submission 
to the council. The petition could 
give students the opportunity to 
v6te on whether or not to overturn 
the council's decision to ban graphic 
depictions of nudity on the station 
and to prohibit York from entering 
SR1V premises. 

However, some councilmembers 
are questioning the validity of the 
signatures, which include the stu-
dent names and colleges, as well as 
the special election. 

"I have a hard time believing 
2,600 students want to see Steve 
York have sex," former interim 
Vice P resident External Samantha 
Peterson said at the council meeting. 

Greg Dale/Guordlon 
Student activism: John Muir College senior Steve York looks on as John MUir College Jumor Scott Hogan signs the petition 
distributed by York and others that would overtum the AS. Council's decision to ban sexual forms of nudity and York's 'Koala TV: 
York had broadcast a porn with the 
fuce of Thurgood Ma rshall College 
Senior enator Kate Pillon, who 
spoke out against York's pornogra-
phy, superimposed on the actress' 
fuce. York main tained that he had 
the right to broadcast "political" 
commentary, which he felt his seg-
ment reflected . 

"We cannot forget what happened 

to Kate," Peterson said. hrt is not 
okay. It i not excu&1ble. Thatli tot.11-
Iy offensive and totally nor olaly." 

During a Warren Co llege 
Student Council meeting, several 
cow1cilmembers, as well as members 
of the public, threw their support 
behind the election. Vice President of 
Academic Affairs Harry Khanna said 
some senators challenged the validity 

of the signatures, citing the I,lck of 
tudent identifica tion number.. 

"There J, no requi rement of 
PID number; in the con titutiOIl ," 
Khanna said ar the meeting. "The 
concern is that you can't veri ~' if they 
are valid students, but to me, it seems 
pretty clear that there should be an 

See PnlnON, Page 7 

Loan~cutting bill stalled i.n House International grad student 
numbers ori "the decline By ERIKA CERVANTES Staff Writer 

A bill passed by the U.S. 
Senate on Nov. I that calls for 
dramatic budget cuts to higher 
education stalled in the House 
of Representatives last week as 
Republican supporters admitted 
they lacked the votes to pass the 
"budget reconciliation" bill in the 
face of strong opposition from col-
lege groups. The bill's authors, also 
said they plan to return the bill to a 
vote this wee.k. 

The legislation, sponsored by 
Rep. Michael B. Enri (R-Wyo.), 
chairman of the Senate Ho!!alth, 
Education , Labor and Pensions 
Committee, would cut $36 billion 
from mandatory spending. That 
would include $17 billion from 
student financial aid, the largest 
cut in the student aid program's 
history. 

The legislation, nicknamed ' 
the "Raid on Student Aid" by 
Democratic opponents, follows a 
recent parallel measure approved 
by the House Budget Committee. 
The previous bill cut $50 billion 
in mandatory spending, including 
$14 billion from student loan pro-

John YM)/Guordion 
Money t.iks: Republicans in the-U.s. House of Representatives plan to bring back a 
plan this week that could cut federal student loan programs by billions of dollars. 
grams. 

"To make up for Republican 
mismanagement of the federal 
budget, the [legislation] forces 
students to give up $11 billion 
worth of financial aid to help 
reduce the massive federa l bud-
get deficit," Rep. George Miller 
(D-Calif.), the senior Democrat 
on the House Education and the 
Workforce Committee, stated in 
a press release. "This bill treats 

studen ts as if they are responsible 
for Republican fiscal mismanage-
ment." . 

Senate Republicans have down-
played the bill's impact on students, 
saying that it wi ll create more aid 
for tudents through grants. 

"No student will receive any 
less aid because of reconciliation," 
said Ryan J. Taylor, a spokesman 

See BILL Page 7 

By BARBARA LEE 
Contributing Writer 

Although. overall enrollment 
in graduate programs at American 
universities increased last year, 
international student numbers 
continued the ir downward trend, 
according to a report released last 
month by the Coun cil of Graduate 

chools. 
T he report showed a 2-percent 

increase in the overa ll enrollment 
at graduate schools nationwide, but 

a 3-percent drop in international 
students for 2004. Engineerin g and 
physical science fie lds were most 
affected by the decline because 
international students make up 50 
percent and 41 percent of enrollees 
in those fi elds, respectively. 

"On the national level, the 
nwnbe r of international tudeJ1b, 
especia lly graduate students, is ig-
nificantly decreasing," said Micha el 
Hindi, director of UCSD 's inter-

See REPORT, Page 2 

WEATHER SPOKEN SURF 
REPORT 

Now. 14 HeN. 15 
Hn L52 HnL55 

HeN. 16 HeN. 16 
H 74 L 53 H 73 L so 

"We've already ' 
been painted as a 
/xxly that votes on 
our oom marals . " 

- Neil Spurs, 
chair, Muir College 

Coundl 

11 /14 
'Mnd I(} 15 kt 
HeIght· 1·2 h 

Water Temp 58·60 deg 

11 / 15 
'Mnd' I(} 15 kt 
HeIght: 1·2 ft 

Waler Temp 55·58 deg 

I ....... ~ 



2 NEWS 

I CURRENTS 
Regents to mull fees, 
salaries in meeting 
The UC Board of Regents will 

meet this week and decide on a 
number of topics, including pos-
sible increases to student fees and 
a push to bring the salaries of all 
UC employees Into a competitive 
ma rket range within a decade. 

The two-day meeting, to be 
held at UC Berkeley, will begin 
Nov. 16 With discussion of possible 
fee increases for the university's 
profeSSional schools. The next day, 
the regents will consider action 
on the their 2005 financial report, 
among other things. 

The board, at the behesl of 
Regent Judith Hopkinson, deCided 
to postpone a plan, considered 
earlier thiS year as a part of an 
overall salary-increase proposal, to 
seek private funding to increase 
the salarY levels of 42 top UC 
executives. 

"Based on the diSCUSSion at 
our September meeting and 'sub-
sequent conversations, [the plan] 
requires further discussion and 
Input, and a vote at the November 
meeting would be premature: 
Hopkinson stated in a press release. 
"In addition, I would not want the 
debate on [the topic] to over-
shadow the more important part of 
the compensation proposal, which 
is the adoption of the regents' 
objective of moving all university 
employees to marKet-competitive 
salaries within 1 0 years~ 

UC will consolidate 
its office buildings 

In an effort to streamline busi· 
ness practices, the UC Office of 
the President has announced a 
move to consolidate all its offices 
into one building in downtown 
Oakland. 

Currently, UCOP has a main 
office and five satellite locations, 
which administer various opera-
tions, Including human resources 
and benefits, and research and 
academic preparation programs. 
Consolidation of those offices into 
one area will not only be cost-
effective, but will improve effi-
Ciency as well, according to a UC 

press release. 
The UC Board of Resents will 

receive a recommendation from 
university management at its meet-
ing this week to approve a lease 
for the new 11-story, 190,000 
square-foot building. The move 
will hopefully save $2.5 million 
over 10 years in lease costs for the 
university, according to the press 
release. 

Program to focus on 
earth-watching 

Plans are underway for a new 
UCSD research center based at 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
that will study environmental 
growth on a global scale. 

The Center for Earth 
Observations and Applications 
will bUild environmental initiatives 
through partnerships with govern-
ment agencies and business and 
industry leaders, as well as UCSD 
researchers, according to a univer-
sity press release. 

Not only will SIO scien-
tists contribute to the program, 
but also faculty and staff from 
other UCSD departments, 
including the California Institute 
for Telecommunications and 
Information Technology, San Diego 
Supercomputer Center and the 
National Center for Microscopy 
and Imaging Research. 

CEOA will start officially Nov. 
20 as part of a three-day inaugural 
sympos1um at the newly opened 
Cal-(lT) building on campus. 
UC Davis FDA center 

cut from budget 
Discussions between the 

U.S. Senate and House of 
Representatives ended with the 
funding being cut for a Food and 
Drug Administration research cen-
ter that would have been based at 
UC Davis. 

The Senate's federal budget 
had allocated $1 million for the 
center, which would have part-
nered the FDA with UC Davis' 
Western Institute for Food Safety 
and Security. The FDA center would 
also have been the first of its kind 
in western California to focus on 
food safety issues. 

LTC ' LA JOLLA . ucsc YOUR SOURCE FOR YOUR BEST TAN 
Home of the 

3251 HoIIdIy Ct. It04 
851-455·"" 
~o!e £a!.,C2jly .... aS!o!;l f!,om ~I ~r'!.D ~"-R~k.!l0.!!o~ 

I -tic 'an II u .... $1811 I I ... ,. II~ I 
SUNLESS:. Buy 1 Get 1 :: MlSO~HUMITtD 

I FREE II MONTHlY 
I II TAHHfHG First time cu,tomen only. See saloo for detail< Y TAN: __ ~p~21~4~' __ ~: __ ~P:.!2!'<LOs __ 

or I~ss ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
: Mptic 'an :: Buy Iny 5 TANS 
I orUltrakd II GET 5 FREE 

FREE I BUY 5 $,95 II Including Mystic I 

!IIIIIIIII I for only u. II and Ultra I II I Plea~ present LKSO 10 I I See salon tor details. up.I2114/OS _ ~ I __ ~P:.!2!"!.Il5_ 
Student Discounts for your 
Inkjet, Toner & Fax Cartridges 
• Guaranteed lowest prices on the Internet* 
• Delivered to your door the next day* * 
• 5% discount to students and faculty-use 

coupon code studentS-in checkout*** 
• Inkjet and toner cartdidges for HP. Epson, 

Canon, Lexmark and more! 

OfficeSupplyOutfitters.com aoo-a4.7232 
'See details at http://officesupplyoutfitters.com/osextripcovg.html 
"Orders received by noon are shipped same day and received next day 
'''AII orders must be placed online to receive discount and online prices 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

I ETCETERA ... 

Report: UCSD outpaces 
national applicant average 

continued from page I 
national student office and associ-
ate director of the International 
Center. "In most other areas, the 
international enrollment is actually 
slightly up. However, the slightly 
increased enrollment in most other 
areas of study was not enough to 
counterbalance the large decrease 
in these two fields." 

Three primary factors were 
attributed to the decline: changed 
visa policy after Sept. II, questions 
regarding U.S. hospitality toward 
international students and g-row-
ing competition among gradu-
ate schools, according [Q Heath 
Brown, director of research and 
policy analysis at the Council of 
Graduate Schools. 

"What we see now is many 
more countries that are able [Q 
retain .the!,r grad snl.dents in their 
countrtes, Brown saId. 

The shrinking international 
presence at U.S. graduate schools 
has slowed the growtll of interna-

tiona I students at UCSD as well. 
Although the international gradu-
ate student count increased by 172 
from 2001 to 2004, the growth has 
slowed by 12 percent, according to 
the UCSD International Center's 
annua l reports. 

urn absolute numbers, our inter-
national graduate student count 
continues to increase," Hindi said. 
"However, the rate of growth is 
slowing significantly, and that 
might be of concern if the growth 
is slower than it is for all graduate 
·students." 

Difficulty obtaining visas and 
increases in nonresident tuition 
are two reasons for the decreas-
ing rate of international applicants 
at UCSD, according t() Dean of 

. Graduate Studies Richard Attiyeh, 
who is also chair of the campus' 
International Strategy Committee. 

However, UCSD is bucking the 
national trend of smaller interna-

See GRADUATE. Page 3 

. .........,.....~~~,-. 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1 .. , 2005 

CidARDIAN 
Grant ScIlrader EdItot In CIIW 
lliadimir ~an ....... Edilon 

Ian S. 11lrt 
Nathan Mlios cap, EIIton 

Heather welles 
Charles Nguyen .... EdItot 

Marianne MaO:Ien 0pIIII0n Editor 
Hanna camp AuocWI 0pInian 

EdItot 
Rae! Enteen Sports EdII8r 

MgeIa lr1 AssocI* 5ports 
Editot 

ennstrne Pae focus Editot 
Mamette FederJs IWocIaIit Focus EdItor 

Cody Nabom Hiatus Editot 
Chnsnne CIa,. IWocIaIit tUtus 

Gaelle Faure Editor 
Billy Wong Photo Editor 

Alexander Varood AssocYm Photo Editor 
Andrew Nguyen DMi&n Editor 

EcIItoriII ASsistants 
Wnlam Ching Matthew tHeureux 

..... lapuI 
RIchard Choo, U1ako ueda, w~ Shiell, 

Simone WISOI\ Natasha NaragOl 

Matt McAt't =akumar, 
Tabitha Kirkland, enns CO\'ington 

MIChael Foulks AcMrtisiIIc III....., 
MiChelle Tsal SIucIent Achertisina 

IIIMpr 
Mike Martillez Adftttisint Art 

DindDr 
...... As*.IrIb 

Kim·long Le, Ovistry FactOl 
Allwrlls ••• trt DeIiIn II1II LIyout 

George <kn. Rla\ard Choi 
CIraUIioII 

Nancy Kim, rrevOl Olsen 
The UCSO Guardian IS published Mondays 
and Thursdays durinj the academIC year Iiy 
UCSO studenlS and fOr !he UCSO community. 

~ of thIS new5pi!pe< In any fOlm, YAIerh. 
er In whoie or WI part Wlihout pemlISSIOIl ~ smctIy 
prohibited. C 2005, all nghlS reserved The UCSO 
Guardian IS not responsible for the return of 
unsolicited manuscnplS Of .rt The VIews eJII)ressed 
herein do not necessarly represent the IlpII1IOIlS of 
the UCSO GoorcilOn, the UmvelSlly of Caldomla or 
Assooated SWdenlS. The UCSD GuordlOfl IS funded 
solely by arM!rtISing. Squirt. 

CiInerIIlciltorill: 8S8-5l«i580 
editor@ucsdguotn.org 

...., 858-S].4.S226, MWSI@ucsdguordion,org 
_ 858-534-5226, r.otu,.. ucsdguordian.org 
HIoIuo: 858-5J+6583, hioIus@ucsdguorrlionorg 

0pir0I0r0: 858-5J+6582, opinionOucsdguardion.org 
s,o.ts: 858-S1H582, sporfsOucsdguordion.org 
.... :858-SJ+6582,~ 

AdftItIsint·858·5l4-3466 
ods'ucsdguorriion.org 
fa: 858·5l4-7691 

11Ie UCSD Guardian 
9500 Gilman Drive. 0316 
La Jolla. CA 92093-0316 

-~·CHJ 

CALLUS 
FORWNCHI 

....., 

f 
\ 

DITCH THE BUN .. . PIZZA 'S MORE FUN! 
.~~~".. 

One Large One Topping Pizza 

$7.99 
Limited dotlwty •• 1 . DelIYef, CMra" May Apply. Pen Pizzo $1 __ . 

Valid student 10 required. No discount. It the Il00<. You must HI< lor this 
oller when ordt!llC. Not Vall<l wlh Ill)' Ollle( offer. Customer paysllr 

appIlcabr ...... t .. . Valid only at SO County P",", John's Pine Stores. 
Ex"" 12/30/05. 

I 
I 
I 

Buy One, Get One 

-FREE 
I ..,-.................. - ... ~ ...... - ...... I 
.......-. Pin Pilla S1 more. limiled delivery area · Delivery Charges I May Appfy. Nol valid wih any other offer. Cuslomer pays all applicable I I sales tax. Valid only at SO County Papa John's Plua Stores. I 

ExpIres 12/30/05. 
• ~~,~,a\\"S EXTRA! EXTRA! • ~~'I\'\l\\"S PIZZA PARTY! 

$1 OFF ANY SIDE ITEM 
Breadsticks • Cheese Sticks 

TWO LARGE I 
Two Topping $18.99: 

I Chicken Wings • Chicken Strips I PIZZAS I 
I Limited delivery area · Delivery ca.rces May APQly. I Limited delivery area · Delivery Charges May APQly. Pan PIZZ.I S1 moro.1 Not valid wih any other offer. Customer pays all applicable sales tax . Not .alid wih any other offer. Customer pays all applicable sales tax. I Valid only ot SO County Papa John 's PI1Z8 Stores. I Valid oniy at SO County Papa John's Plua Stores. I 
I Expires 12/30/05. I Ex .... 12/30/05. I 
------------------ ----- ---

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2005 THE UCSO GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

I A.S. COUNCIL AT A GLANCE Graduate: We do: 
A.S. Meeting '12 - Nov. 9 

Public Input 
John Muir College alumnus 

Bryan Barton performed a rap in 
which he ca lled councilmembers 
"clowns" and "bitches and gentle-
men." He made reference to A.S. 
Council legislation to take "Koala 
TV" off the air and expressed his 
discon tent on the su bject, and 
alluded to a petition by John 
Muir College senior Steve York 
and others to overturn the coun-
cil's decision . 

John Muir College senior 
Steve York, the center of the con-
troversy over pornography, spoke 
briefly to the council and apol-
ogized for Barton's comments. 
He said that he felt the student 
government was no longer the 
body to blame in the dispute, and 
that instead discontent should be 
leveled against campus adminis-
trators. 

Earl Warren College senior 
Daniel WattS, whose taped inter-
view with York led to the shut-
down of Student-Run television, 
explained his side of the story 
regarding the incidents on ov. 3. 
Like York, he expressed frustrarion 
with the administrarion's decision to 
ignore A.S. President Christopher 
Sweeten's request to tum the sta-
tion back on. "This cOlmcil played 
right into the administration's 
hands, and 1 hope you all realize 
that now," Watts said. 

Fonner interim Vice President 
External Samantha Pcterson, who 
had previously maintained a neutral 
stance on the issue, spoke of her 
"outrage" at the events that had 
trdflspired, including Barton's ear-

monday 
november 14 

saturday 
november 19 

Iier I1Ip and derog-dtory references 
to the femaJes in the A.S. Council. 

"We need to remember that this 
is still an ethical issue," Peterson 
said. 

Items of Immediate 
Consideration 
ItemC 

Council members passed a res-
olution condemning the UCSD 
administration's decision to lreep 
SRTV off the air despite Sweeten's 
request to turn it back on. The 
resolution states that the adminis-
tration has violated its "good faith 
ag-reement" with the counciJ over 
a student issue. Many council-
members argued over whether or 
not it was reasonable to claim the 
'administrators' action was a viola-
tion of free speech, as the origi-
nal title suggested. Ultimately, 
the title and several clauses were 
amended, and the resolution was 
passed 21- 1-2. 

Old Business 
Item A 

The interna l committee indef-
initely tabled a bill that would 
amend A UCSD bylaws to block 
the vice president internal from 
calling future unscheduled council 
meetings. The issue became con-
troversial when questions arose 
over the legality of the special 
meeting called by Vice President 
Internal Angela Fornero on Oct. 
23. According to the current con-
stitution, the vice president inter-
nal cannot call these meetings, 
but the A.S. bylaws give the vice 
president that power. 

- Compiled by Matt L'Heureux 
Smior Stoff Uhler 

Visa process 
a problem for 

students 
continued fram page 2 

tiona I student numbers, according 
to Attiyeh. 

"We increased the number of 
new international graduate stu-
dents by 10 percent this year," 
Attiyeh stated in an e-mai l. "And 
18 percent of our new students are 
from abroad, which is a healthy 
number." 

International students aJso made 
up 41 percent of total graduate 
applicants for fall 2005, according 
to the International Center. 

"UCSD is doing a lot to build 
our international reputation," 
Hindi said. "Many of our schools 
and divisions are continuing to 
bui ld ties with sister international 
universities. And it doesn't hurt 
that the Foreign Policy journa I 
ranked UCSD ninth best in the 
country for studying international 
relations. " 

In order to increase inrerna-
tional presence, graduate schools 
nationwide are making the applica-
tion proces more cfficient through 
the use of technology and dedicat-
ing more resources to recruit stu-
dents abroad, according to Brown. 

"There is a lot of activiry going 
on within grad schools," Brown 
said. "In certain cases, they're using 
things like caU centers for students 
to inquire about their admissions 
process." 

Higher education group across 
th e country are also trying to get the 
Deparollent of Homeland Security 
to simplify the visa process. 

Readers (all con/ad Bllrbortl Lee lit 
bjlO02@ucsd .edu. 

Colo'Dial 
Garage 
of La Jolla. Inc. 
Re llabl" ~rvlc(' & Repair 

Oil Change & lube • Coolonl 
Change • Shodu & Stnm 
Axles • Tire Maunl & Bolonce 
• Transmission s.vice • ~ 
Alignments • C-V Joints • Timing 
Belts • Front End Work • Stollers 
Air Conditioning Service • 30k 60k 
90k MointanonceService. Ahemotors 

7618 Herschel Ave. Lo JoHo, CA 92037 Exhaust syslems • Bolteries 
858 454-334 7 ~:~o:: : ~~.ups • Check a.I'6!H!'i§filf!I·.a.I.IoI~fiii 
r--------~--------~ 
I 15% Check I Brakes I 
I Engine I Front Pads Installed I 
I OFF Light I $9995* ~nctudesP"'s I I I ~~ I 

Exp. 12/15/05 Exp, 12/15/ 05 

~--------+--------~ ~ 0 Factory Scheduled I 0 FF I Maintenance Service I I I We ............ interY. fnNn I 
A R • ** I 7,SOOtol2C111l1lDwn: I I ny epalr $18995" I ubor only 12;::i05 I Exp. I 

.. Not good with oIhor spocioIs. 12/15/1>5 

.--------~--------~ Our mechanics are NOT on commission 
You are NEVER sold something you do not need 

I 3251 Holiday (t. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858)'-52-99'-9 I L ______________________ _ _ 

UNIVERSITY CE-NTERS 

WEDNESDAY· NOV 16 
S'oqe a Ihe Pub 
)tlldpnl Cf'nler · 7pm 
S,y" UP' a 6 JOpm FR E E 

FRIDAY 
NOV 18· NOON 

" • , -~. "'''<~ ... ".. ...~*~ .. 

FOR i-,10HE I \J~ CJHrv1A liON. CALL 858 .822.2068 or VI SIT http /Itheunlversltycenters.ucsd.edu 



MOMMY 
NOVEMBER 14. lOO5 

Teaching UCSD to live like Greeks 
Greek housing can help tum the 
campus into a student village ... 

By HANNA CAMP 
Associate Opinion Editor 

U C D is so highly academic, so focused on resea rch and learning, that making it 
an administrative priority to bring 
Greek housing closer to ca mpus 
seems ill-fitting. Even those of us 
who have neveracruallyseen "Animal 
House" know the frat-boylsorority-
chick stereotype well enough to fear 
it. Since the Greek system at UCSD 
is not as omnipresent as it is at other 
universities, what could be a bigger 
waste of money than an effort to get 
them houses near campus? Quite 
franldy, the bigger waste would be 
inking more money into on-campus 

donns that serve more as a tempo-
rary stopping point than the center 
of a vibrant community. 

... But that won't address the 
main problems .of campus life 

By MEGHAN DURHAM 
Contributing Writer 

W hil e moving Greek housing closer to cam-pus may improve the 
social scene at UCSD, not every-
one on campus is involved in the 
Greek system. No matter how 
big fraternities and sororities get, 
the availability of guaranteed on-
campus housing will always affect 
more students. Out of approxi-
mately 20,400 undergnduates at 
UCSD, according to 2004 stu-
dent research and information, 
the VCSD PanheUenic Council 
reports that 1,200 are involved in 
the Greek system. Even if this is a 
low estimate, that's still less than 
10 percent. And perhaps there 
a re other reasons for the lackluster 
social scene at UCSD. 

UCSD is a major commuter 
school, and this could be as much a 
factor of its relative lack of commu-
nity spirit as not having a frat row. 
As it stands now, except for the 
lucky few who gain admission into 
rntemational House or are other-
wise allowed to remain on campus, 
most of those beyond their sopho-
more year are forced to commute. 
Other students choose to rema i n 
at home to avoid the heavy cost of 
housing fees in addition to ruition. 
Many of these students, confronted 
with the long commute to and 

We all know academic life and 
social life aren't easy to balance over 
four years, but UCSD Greeks seem 
to be doing a well as anyone and 
better than some ["Housing or not, 
balanced life goes on for Greeks," 
the Guardian, Nov. 71. According 
to Panhcllenic Council President 
lleather Doshay, Greeks report a 
higher average GPA than the UCSD 
population as a whole, and it's not 
by accident. 'They require a mini-
mum GPA of 2.5 and have officers 
that enforce scholarship standards 
and recognize members with good 
gT<ldcs. ,\ltembers anest to higher 
lelds of unive r~it} pride as a r~sult 
of thei r imoh emenr in the organi-
1.<ltifJm, ~~ ,", ell a~ a greater~me of 
bclonbring. It's also well-known that 
Greek alunUli more oftell donate to 
their ,l lmJ mater. 

Should the UCSD admlOnlOstratIOon ~a~~~~:~~S~sf~~e~:::e~~r!Ogn~~ 
. want to. "Once 1 get finished with 

That mcntality, if cncouraged, 
could be a relati,:ely qui~k and effec-
tive way of improving VC D's cnse 
of community, as well as its social li fe 

• classes all I want to do is bea t 

make it a priority to bring Greek ~~i~~a~~,~~r~~~~e:~~e"f<>~~:~~ 
h . go to college events like I did when ousIng closer to campus? lli~~~:~~ ~a;;p~~~ents are faced 

with various housing dilemmas 
such as condominium conversions ["Conversions upgrade students to homelessness," the 
Guardian, Oct. 311, they find themselves forced to live even farther from campus. And 
as Manager of Commuter Student Services Deborah Gordon remarked in that article, 
"students are losing their roots to the UCSD community." Currently, the administra-
tion doesn't consider Greek housing a priority; choosing instead, according to Vice 
Chancellor of Student Mfairs Joseph W. Watson, to wait until all students, including 
transfer students, can be guaranteed at least two years of housing. Some proponents 
of Greek housing, such as former candidate for A.S. Vice President External Nam Bui , 
have argued that a fraternity row would make UCSD alumni more likely to donate t{} the 
schooL But universities also gain money from attracting more students, and universities 
certainly use guaranteed housing as a selling point for incoming students. The Lombardi 
Program on Measuring University Performance, a university research group, reports 
that, for the most part, universities today are selling context (such as campus environ-
ment) over the academic content, and that a major component of that advertised context 

and lacklu ter rate of alumni donations. T here is no more traditional Illethod for establishing 
a college social scene than putting G reek housing close to campus, and UCS D Greeks have 
proved that they aren't the air-headed party animals that make some fraternities more of a 
joke than a point of pride. But in La j olla , housing is only slightly easier to find than an "S" 
spot near Center Hall, and much more expensive than a parking permit. lienee the need for 
adminiStration support. 

The problem, from the administration's perspectiv\!, is that Greeks represent less than 10 
percent of the srudent body an'd UCS)) currently doesn't guarantee both general and transfer 
~rurlents two ye,m of on-campus hous.ing. A~ a result, they don't consider establishing Greek 
hOllsing to be a priority. Vice ChanceIJor of tudent Affairs j oseph W . Watson in particular 
argues that until all snlden ts have at least a two-year housing guarantee, UCS D shouldn 't 
fund housing that isn't equally accessible to all srudents. 

But equal distJibution and access to university housing for aU students is hardly a rule. 
International I louse i a great example of an in titution that not aU students have full access 
to. It's notju t nearC'dmpus, it's on ca mpus, and even though we help 
pay for it, no student is guaranteed a space; they must apply and be 
selected, not unlike a fraternity. Eleanor Roosevelt College's new 
facilities :lre hiny and accessible - unless you belong to another 
college. 

Some make the argument that more on-campus housi ng will help 
improve the student scene at UCSD, and therefore the administra-
tion 's priorities arc' valid. Commuter snldents far outnumber tllOse 
living in dorms on campus, and they usually live at least 15 minutes 

PRO 
away because of the lack of close, affordable housing. As a result, they tend to Stay closer to 
home in their free time. lbis is no doubt one of the main factors behind the dreary state of 
campus life. 

But this is exactly what a conccrted effort to bring the most sociaUy-sawy studcnt organi-
7..ations closer to home can solve. There's certainly no reason to assume i~'s going to happen 
with the construction of more donllS. We have more dorms now than we did four years ago, 
but few would say that they've had any kind of effect on social life. All entering freshmen 
alrcady receive a two-year guarantee, und even though do not, enro llment at UCSD did 
nor drop. eitllcr UCLA nor UC Berkeley offers a two-year housing guarantee, and their 
~tudcots survive just nne. 

The message of the very long Student Satisf3ction Survey re leased this yea r was that the 
enure school needs to break out of the rut it has found itself in and start trying new things. 
That include~ the administration. otall the benefits of G reek housing will go to aU students, 
hut the the improved sense of community, the establishment of a growing "student villagc" 
arOlUld UC 'D, is something wc can all benefit from. A Greek Row alone won't do it, but it 
will be a definite step in the right dircction, a ~ign that we've begun to create a real (''lllnpus 

vill~ge, ratller than a campus surrounded by towns that happen to house students. 
Just think about how oftcn students complain about nothing happening on ca mpu , 
ver~u s how often the)' complain about not getting a dorm room for their 'ccond ycar. The 
adl11in i>ll"Jtion has to resbt the urge to do morc of the same-old, same-old if they want to 
improve t-ampus life. 

(ON 
is guaranteed housing. It is possible that UCSD could attract 
more students - and as a result, more money - if they offered 
guaranteed housing, even for only two years. 

But there is also the question of why fraternities would want 
to be near campus in the first place? Other universities, such as 
the University of South Florida, have required fraternities and 
sororities that live on campus to sign an agreement that would 
allow university police to enter their premises . without prior 
notification. UCSD students already know quite welJ the tough 

stance that the adrrunistration and Vice Chancellor Watson have taken toward alcohol 
. ~o~s~ption . An~ giv:n the u~iversity's prior record of cracking down on srudent parties, 
It IS likely that unrversrty offiCials would be over-the-top in their safety requirements and 
policing of houses that are university-sanctioned, what with !,he unfortunate stereotype of 
drunken revelry that the Greek system has in the public mind . And although a near-cam-
pus house may provide an increase in recruitment, it could also change the personality of 
the Greek ~stem at UC::SD and potentially attract more undesirable pledges. 

. Fraternrty and soronty bouse are useful! according to Collin Reinking, a member of 
Sigma u, a~ th~y provrde a place for meetr~gs and to store materials such as signs. But 
students don t )orn ' because they want to be III a house. "In the end you don't rush for a 
house, you rush because you find a community you enjoy," Reinking said. 

Be~ides, just allowing fraternities and sororities to live near campus is nOt going to 
change the culture at CSD. There is more to a social scene than a fraternity row, but 
perhaps the culture here doesn't need to be changed. According to NPR's "Talk of thc 
Nation ," having an image of a "party" school is usually considered ncgative. When such 
a ranking occurs !n a profile such as the Princeton Revie,:", many schools seek out ways to 
change that ranking. There already rs one party school III tile area, and San Diego tate 

nivcrsiry is well wir,hin range of srudents seeking out a party but far enough away for 
us to avord the negatrve affects of messy, drunken partygoers, and loud noise. Perhaps 
UCS D 's more subdued social atrnosphere and higher academic ranki ng is not a negative, 
but rather a benefit to the students on thtS campus. 

The lIiews expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardia~ the University of California or Associated Students. 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~ I LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Fee inaease is necessary 
for a growing campus 
Dear Editor, 

After reading Vladimir Kogan's 
opinion piece in the Nov. 7 issue 
of the Guilrdilm, I am frustrated by 
the subtext of his paragraph on the 
University Centers. The implication 
is that the approval of a fee increase 
for the expansion and renov:Jtion of 
University Centers (including both 
the Price Center and the Student 
Center) was a bad idea. I argue oth-
erwise. This fee was, and remains, 
desperately needed to cope with 
issues such as lack of meeting space 
and offices for srudent organiza-
tions, crowded dining and 10Wlge 
facilities, and particularly the need 
for inlprovement and renovation to 
aging buildings. 

It is true that in the early plan-
ning for the University Centers 
expansion our money, a total of $56 
million (this includes bOth projects 
and the contributions from other 
campus entities that have space in 
the expansion), bought us more than 
it does today. I would love to point 
my finger at somebody, write letters 
to the editor and op-ed pieces in the 
Gutwdilm uncove.ring mismanage-
ment, and blow a whistle as loud as I 
can. But the truth is that the issue of 
the budget is the fault of nobody. 

The reality is that construction 
costs have soared over th~ past sev-
eral years. At first there was a short-
age of steel and concrete due to 
rapid economic expansion in nations 
such as China, then natural disas-
ters such as Hurricanes Katrina, 
Rit2 and Wtlma. Right now, for 
geopolitical, economic and natural 
reasons, demand for construction 
materials has outstripped supply of 
these goods. Is it frustraling? Yes. Is 
it painful? Absolutely. However, our 

problem still S1lDIds: Our srudent 
population is growing and our facili-
ties are designed for fewer studen ts 
than are currently ehrolJed. 

At this point, we have made 
some very painful decisions, but it is 
important to realize that they are not 
being made in a haphazard ad hoc 
fashion. We must preserve the pro-
gram outlined in the fee referendum, 
and our decisions should be trans-
parent. The goal is to always make 
these types of choices and minimize 
their negative impact. 

We have made other difficult 
decisions. But we continue because 
these facilities needed to be expand-
ed several years ago, and no delay is 
acceptable. 1 have continuaUy called 
for increased administrative support 
for this project, especially in the 
realm of fundraising. 

This leads me my next point. 
We have not, and will not abandon 
the language of the fi:e referendum. 
I will do everything in my power to 
guanntee this. Just to let you mow, 
at this point, we are still providing 
spaces for the student body beyond 
what were originally called for in the 
fee referendum. We will exceed our 
commitment to the student body. 

Just to add a little perspective 
before I close: The current Student 
Center facility has not been signifi-
cantly upgnded in decades. At night 
the lighting is poor, the electric 
wiring often has problems, and the 
complex does not comply with cur-
rent Americans with Disabilities Act 
requirements. We must improve the 
Student Center so our student orga-
nizations can trust the infrastrucrure 
of the facility, and so all students can 
freely access this center. 

- Jared Feldman 
Chair, Univarity CmttrS Atlvisury 
BOIIrd; (IJ-Chair, University C mtn'! 

Building Atlvisory Committee 

A.S. ban of 6Koala TV 
threatens free speech 

Dear Editor, 
The council's decision to ban 

"Koala TV" has snowballed into 
something much bigger. It's no lon-
ger about porn. It's no longer about 
Steve York. It's about freedom of 
expression, the independence of our 
Srudent-Run Television station, and 
the student government's tendency 
to act like the administration instead 
of standing up for students. 

It's politics. 
A.S. Vice President Finance Greg 

Murphy, along with Commissioner 
of Communications Soap Chum, 
shut down a live student-run televi-
sion show on SR1V. This Thursday 
night show was an episode of "The 
Bri Show" called "Perfect Vision," a 
political talk show that criticized the 
AS. Council. 

Murphy claims that he shut it 
down because members of "Koala 

..~ FOR MORE INFO, CALL 858.B22.2068 or VISIT http://thtWniversitycenters.ucsd.edu 

TV" were in the studio, but no 
members of "Koala TV" were work-
ing on "Perfect Vision" on the night 
that Murphy shut it down. 

Murphy claims that unscheduled 
shows and live shows like "Perfect 
Vision" were banned. T his isn 't 
true either. "The Bri Show" 'Was 
indeed scheduled, and SRTV has 
always allowed its members to host 
impromptu live shows when the stu-
dio was available. There is no rule 
that says otherwise. 

Murphy claims that he should've 
been let into the studio because he 
was A.S. Commissioner of Student 
Services Maurice junious' "del-
egate." At no time did Murphy.(eU 
us that he had been "empowered" or 
"designated" as a "delegate" by some 
mysterious e-mail sent by Junious. 

As vice president finance, Murphy 
doesn't have anything to do with 
SRlV, so there was no reason to let 
him inside. When Murphy st2rted 
pounding on the front door of the 
studio and demanded to be let in, 
we did not comply. SR1V doesn't 
allow random people to interrupt 
shows while they're in progress, and 
if he Iud truly been given author-
ity to enter the station, he should 
have had a door code. The SR1V 
members that were helping with the 
show Iud door codes, so why didn't 
the almighty Murphy? 

For overStepping his authority 
and unilaterally getting our student-
run television st2tion pulled off the 
air, Murphy should seriously re-
examine where his priorities lie. The 
rest of the council should be ashamed 
that they aIJowed their censorship to 
go this far. "Perfect Vision" had 
nothing to do with pornography or 
nudity - it was a talk sixTw, for cry-
ing out loud. 

- Daniel Watts 
Earl Wtm'm Colkge smior 

OPINION 5 

Article misrepresented 
the co-op debate 

Dear Editor, 
In the Nov. 7 issue, Vladimir 

Kogan, in an article about the A.S. 
Council's decision to shut down 
SR1V, heavy-handedly alluded 
to last year's complex situation 
involving the ca mpus co-ops. Mr. 
Kogan attempted to draw a parallel 
between the A.S. Council's reac-
tions to the twO, while in real ity the 
issues are so complexly different 
that any reference to the co-ops 
was unnecessary and irrelevant. In 
his article, Mr. Kogan referred to 
the co-op controversy as "mild" and 
insinuated that the A.S. Council 
overstepped its boundaries and 
severely overreacted in its defense 
of the co-ops. 

In actuality, the conflict 
between the co-ops and the univer-
sity administration has been going 
on for more than a decade and 
is rooted much more deeply than 
Mr. Kogan explains. It is absurd 'of 
him to assert that the A.S. Council 
"jumped into the fray" because, as 
student-run and srudent-financed 
beings, the co-ops are clearly under 
the jurisdiction of the A.S. Council 
and not the university administra-
tion. The essential disenfranchise-
ment of four "of-the-students-for-
the-students" organizations and the 
discussion of pornography are not 
even comparable. Mr. Kogan lends 
little to his argument by belittling 
the co-ops and instead detracts 
from what could have been a very 
strong and uniting piece of jour-
nalism. 

In the future, let's worry about 
the situation at hand, shall we? 

- Hadley Mendoza 
John Muir College freshman 



6 OPINION 

NEW PASSPORT lEADERSHIP tERTIFI[ATE! 
Leadership for 
Social Action 

LEAD (HEt:1 IT ODT! 
http://lead. ucsd. edu 

Head, Neck Be 
Spine Center of SO 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La Jolla , CA 92037 
asa..s18-3111 Fax 118-118-3841 

www./ajolladc.com 

Education, Labor ~nd 
Employment Lawyer 

Law Offices of David. S. Bristol 
Representing Students, Faculty, Administrators and Staff 

462 Stevens Avenue, Suite 102, Solana Beach, CA 92075 

(858)792-1112 

RICOH Color Laser Printers 
CL2000N Color Laser Printer 
Up to 16.9 Pages Per/Min. 
Full Color, Network Ready. 
Beautiful 1200x1200dpi Resolution 
64MB RAM, 530 Sheet Paper Tray. 

High·Speed & High Efficiency in an 
Affordable, Compact Color Laser Printer 

HypheNet Your Technology Resource 
Offering Solutions From: Custom Servers, Workstations, 

Security, Remote Access, Storage, OnsitelRemote Support 
- Call for a Free 30·Day AntiSpamlSpyare Eval-Appliance -

To Order 1:111: 619·325-0190 
• Allow 2-3 WeekS for iPod Delivery 

, 
.tt9PheNet 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2005 

Helping curb student smoking one 
game theory lecture at a time 

Great ~ 
Expectations ' 

Carol Freire 

I see your huddled masse . The contcmplative professor; the stressed-out, Camel -wield -
ing grad suldcm; the depressed, 
rai l-thin hipster undcrgrad tapping 
Parliaments, mourning that th e 
Stars have supposcdly sold out by 
open in g for Dea th Cab for C uti e 
- all of you ycarning to smokc 
free. 

Somctimes I cnvy your bat sig-
nal : When alone at a party you 
break o ut a pack and watch Olh ers 
flock to you to bum a cigarette. I 
admi re your determination: trudg-
ing through the rai n, miracu lously 
shieldin g smoldering fire from 
water, smoki ng despite the hail -
storm of anti~moking j.lfopaganda. 

On ov. 17, there's more pro-
paganda coming. When you walk 
down Library Walk you'll see a 
G reat American Smokeout table . 
The American Cancer Society has 
been sponsoring people to quit 
smoking during this national event 
for 29 years running. 1 expect the 
table will be there next year for 30th 
annua l Great American Smokeout, 
since the anti-smokllig campaign 
targeting youth, like the war on 
drugs, has been a fantastic failure. 
But it's not for lack of trying. 

Trying to get people to stop 
smoking is hard, thankless work. 
(I'm a student health advocate, 
I know.) No matter how much 
information you throw out there, 
smokers d iscount it. T hey see it as 
propaga nda. Thcy're wary of the 
spin . People also overestimate the 
number of smokers (and presum-
ably the size of the bandwagon) 
because, around ca mpus, smokers 
seem to be everywhere - after all, 
they're forced to smoke outside (20 
feet from all UCSD buildings, to 
be precise.) Additionally, there is 
a lot of confusion surrounding the 
harmful effects of hookah-smok-
ing, the latest college tobacco fad, 
but not much published research 
on its safety. I could tell you that 
quick-lighting charcoal releases a 
lot of carbon monoxide, and that 
New Orleans Health Director 
Kevin Stephens equates one water-
bong use to smoking a pack:, but 
no one wants to listen to a nagging 
Safety-Sam Poindexter - especial-
Iya nonsmoking one like me. 

Perhaps we're attacking this 

problem th.e wrong way. Smokers 
don ' t need heavy-hand ed momliz-
ing or pitying, self-righteous hand -
ho ld ing. They don't need info rma-
tional harangues. All my smoking 
friends can complete my sentences 
about why smoking is unhea lth y. 
Even hermits who shun all forms 
of medi a know that smoking is 

ha7~1 rdous to their health (thank 
you, surgeon . general). \Ve're all 
awas h with health hazard informa-
tion . But the discount rate remain s 
high. I had discount rate explaincd 
to me rather eloquently by profes-
sor C lark GiLson: If I could give 
you $100 today, or $110 in o ne 
year, which would you take? I r 
YOll'd mtller have the money now, 
you're di scounting the $ 10, becau e 
a yea r seems impossibly far for such 
little difference. Discount rate is 
a value that quantifies how much 
YOll would rather have a benefit 
now versus benefits in the' future. 
Choosing to have on e ciga re tte 
now versus avoiding so me potential 
health impairment in the future 
- which you might not live to see 
anyway - is hard to argue with . 
You just don ' t expect future ben-
efits to be that great. 

Compound the high discount 
rate with the multifaceted reasons 
people smoke, and it's difficult to 
come up with a si ngle solution to 
the smoking problem that fits aLI 
young smOkers - not to mention 
all smokers in general. 

In his book "The Tipping 
Point," Malcolm G ladwell suggests 
two tantalizing solutions worth 
exploring: ( I) demolishing the 
addictive power of cigarettes and 
(2) zeroing in on the correlation 
between depression and smoking. 

T he first solution is root-
ed in the fact that 10 percent of 
American smokers regularly smoke 
five or fewer cigare ttes per day 
and are not addicted. These "chip-
pers" can skip smoking for one o r 
more days and do not feel with-
drawal or great persol1al distress 
when attempting to quit. If we 
ca nnot eliminate smoking com-
pletely, we want more chippers 
and fewef addicts. The American 
Cancer Society stresses that ces-
sation should be advocated over 
reduction as the ultimate hann-
reducing method, but sometimes 
cessation is near impossible. By 
regulating the amount of nicotine 
that goes into cigarettes and set-
ting it below an addiction thresh-
old, we can prevent a large number 
of people from becoming addicted. 
I'm not saying this will be easy, but 
it's worth lobbying for. 

Gladwell proposes the goal of 

setting the levels so low that even 
the heaviest smokers, who con -
sume up to 30 c igarette daily, 
could not get more than five mi 1-
ligrams of nicoti ne in a 24-ho ur 
period. According to a lette r from 
doctors eil Benowitz and J ack 
Il enn ingfieitl published in the c'w 
England J071171111 of Mcdirillf, "An 
absolute limi t of 0.4 to 0.5 Illg of 
nicoti ne per cig-arette should be 
adequate to prevent or limit tile 

~levelopment of add iction in most 
younlJ pcople. At the same time, 
it ma y provide enough nicotine 
for taste and se nsorv stimulation ." 
Although, initially, ' smoker Inay 
overcompensate by smoking more 
ciga rettes daily in order ro ge t more 
nicotine, studies show this over-
compensa tory behavior does not 
persist past a few days or wceks. 

The second solution is base I 
on the strong corre ia tion between 
smoking and depress ion, and the 
fact tllat smoking can be ,1 che'1pcr 
way to se lf-medicate for disorders 
such as depression or attention def-
icit disorder. Gladwell cites a Glaxo 
Wellcome study that found that 
of smokers who took the antide-
pressant bupropion (commercially 
Zyba n), 49 percent quit smoking 
after o ne month. When used in 
combination with t he nicotine 
patch, 58 percent quit (compared 
to 23 percent in the placebo group). 
To put it simply, people who are 
depressed have lower levels of 
serotonin, dopamine and norepi-
nephrine, and nicotine increases 
dopamine and norepinephrine lev-
els - as does bupropion. However, 
drugs that only increase serotonin 
levels, such as Prozac and Zoloft, 
do not seem to help . At the risk of 
incurring Tom Cruise's wrath, this 
is a promising solution. 

[n the e nd, one can always 
argue that everything is a stall. If 
Peter JelUlings hadn't died of lung 
cancer, he might have lived long 
enough to succumb to another type 
of cancer. There's no acrnal argu-
ment here - we are all going to 
die evenrna lly. But this fatalistic 
and cynical discounting ignores the 
value and quality of life. There 
are ways to die and tragic ways 
to die. Legislation won 't change 
overnight, and it takes a modicum 
of courage to get psychiatric help. 
But people who plan a quit date 
double their chances of success. If 
you're waffling 'on whether or not 
to stop, maybe Thursday's as good 
a day as any. 

Smd I{fUstiuns, ClWlmlmts II1Ui UII1I-
tIoned cigllP'ette fJIlCkr to cfrei re@Ucsd. 
edu. 

Compliment your UCSD·degree with 
professional development courses 

UCSD Extension Courses: 
• Enhance your resume 

at UCSD Extension. From Business 
Essentials and Software Project 
Management to Marketing and Drug 
Development, UCSD Extension 
instructors bring real-world knowledge 
to the classroom givirg you practical skills 
that will ease your transition from school 
to career. 

• Increase your interviewing confidence 
• Provide you with networking opportunities 
• Give you the edge in today's demanding 

job market 
Create the Career of Your Future - Todayl 
extenslon.ucsd.edu 

~UCSD 
~ EXTENSION 
extenslon.ucsd.edu 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 104, 2005 
• 

Petition: Councilmembers 
criticize grievance . pos.sibility 
. continued from page J 

election. It is our only way to partici-
pate directly with the students." 

1n an informal poll at the meet-
ing, 3 1 members of the Warren 
council and public voted in favor of 
the special election, with one person 
voting 3g:Jinst it. 

Resista nce to the election has 
also come from council leaders. .S. 
Student Advocate Travis Silva plan 
to file a grievance with the A.S. 
Judicial Board to place a stay on 
the election ov. 14, citing harass-
ment .and intimidation of students 
by tho c di tributing the petition . In 
addition, Silva plans to inquire about 
the authenticity of tile signatures 
through his gricvanee. 

The plan ro file the grievance 
has drawn the ire of several council-
members, who are questioning the 
di\~ sive aspects of Silva's actions. 

"This election necds ro happen," 
Muir College Council Chair Nei l 
Spears said. "The J -Board way of 
dealing with it muddles the si tuation, 
and adds an extra dimension that wc 
don't need . l·here iS;I serious conflict 
of inrere~t for ' Ihlvis, 1x:c.."<1U~C he's 
acting like a district atrorney instead 
or a puhlic defender." 

Silva did not ret1lrn requests 

for comment. He also refused to 
comment puLlicly or privately on 
the matter after he announced his 
motivations for filing the grievance, 
Spears said. 

T he first step toward holding 
a special election would require 

weeten to hire an A.S. elections 
manager, and applications are cur-
rently rcady to be distributed. 
Although it is too early to guarantee 
that the counci l can hold the vore by 
the deadline, Spears said, its impor-
tance is too large to ignore. 

" If we ignore 2,600 people, we arc 
one stcp toward a tyrannical govern-
ment," he soud. "\Vhat kind of demo-
cratic government ignores its own 
people? If we do not hold this elec-
tion, we'U be completely going down 
the wrong p'Jtll. We've already been 
painted as a body that votes on our 
own morals. Well , what would it look 
like if wc stopped this election)" 

In addition, Spears announccd 
that ne, along with everal oth er 
councilmembers, would sti ll push for 
a rererendum to put the \,ote on ule 
spring ballot if thi!. election is not 
held. 

RUlliI'll' Cilil collflld Cbadl'J K"JI!II fll 
charl e'Ulf,'Ilyen@sbcgloha l.neL 

Greg Dale/Guardian 
Sharp tonpe: Earl Warren College senior Daniel Watts criticizes the AS. Council 
during its Nov. 9 meeting for its decisions, which induded shutting SR1V down. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 7 

Bill: Fox speaks out against loan downsizing 
continued from page 1 

for the H.E.L.P. Committee. " In 
fact, the Senate bill wou ld spend 
more than $12 billion on new aiel 
for students. The Senate recon-
ciliation bill would provide most 
of that aid in the fofm of grants to 
students." 

CSD C hance ll or Maryc 
Anne Fox has been one of the few 
university chance llor nationall y to 
be vocal in her protest of the leg-
islation, sharing the Democrats' 
sentiment that students should not 
have to pay for th e budget deficit. 

" [Chancello r Foxl doesn't 
believe that srndents should bear a 
disproportionate share of the sacri-
fic ca ll ed for by this bill," univer-
sity spokeswoman Stacie pec tor 
said . 

J lowever, Fox donated $500 to 
tile National Republica n Senatorial 
Committec last February, as wel l as 
$1,000 to the Republica n ational 
Commi [tec in 2000. 

The C system has a lso 
worked on behalf of tlldents to 
assure tllat grJlll~ make up for the 
fi nancial aid moncy that students 
will 10 e from the bill, according to 

CSD Di rector of Financial id 
Vinccnt De Anda. 

"V\'e have worked hard at the 
fedcm l and state Icvel to be ~ u re 
that there arc appropriate increas-
es in grant funding to deal with 
increases in costs," Dc Anda said. 
"We would like ta reduce the 
amouJlt a needy tudent has to bor-
row as a percentage of tOtal co,ts." 

Thc fight to alleviate mdents' 
financial burdens has bee n hard, 
according to D e Anda. 

"UC ha been lo bhying hard to 
affect legislation, both in the reau-
thori7..ation bill and the reconc ili a-
tion bill, that is detrimental to our 
students," he said . "This has been 
an uphill battle, given the pre<enr 
budget situation . AJ 0, th e effect 

of Katrina and o ther disastcrs have 
increased the cuts to the educa-
tional programs." 

The H.E.L.P. Committce also 
emphasized tll C bill 's benefits to 
taxpayers, the hea lth of the econo-
my and tile well -Leingofllurricane 
Katrina victims, ' Iaylor said . 

"I Reduced] federal spe nding 
... will benefit taxpayers and tlleir 
children, who won't have to finance 
the debt," he said. " Ln additio n to 
the savings, spending was includ-
ed to help students affected by 
Hurricane Katriml." 

Accordin g to a ov. I I I.E.. L.P. 

" This has been 
an uphiU battle , 
given the present 
budget situation." 

- Vincent De Anda. 
director, UCSD 
Financial Aid 

Committee pres~ release. lhe 
largest portion of Lhc Ilurric:me 
K.1lrina funding under the amend-
ment wi ll aid the tramition of ~nl­
dents into new schools, both pub-
lic and private, through one-time 
emergency aid. 

The funds will also financc the 
costs of enro lling displaced stu-

denL~ in new ,chool" ,upporting 
ba~ic instruction, purchasing edu -
cational materials and supplies, and 
helping ,chmls temporarily expa nd 
facilities to relicve overcrowding. 

"Through tile savinf,1S in this 
reconciliation hill , we have the 
opportunity not o nly to autho-
rize programs that will serve the 
th ousands of children affected by 
[I urricane Katrina, but to defer 

the COSts required to meet their 
education needs," En7i stated in 
the press rei case. 

Ccntral \0 rh e II.I~ .L.P. 
Committee 's support of the 'lmend-
ment is their interest in reducing 
the nation 's overwhe lming deb~, 
which thcy argue wi ll foster high -
er education opportunities in the 
future . 

"This amendment willllllprove 
the economy in a number of sig-
nifi cant ways. It will help provide 
access to future generations of col-
lege students, who will help keep 
the counlry competitivc," ' Iaylor 
sa id. " It also reduces the deficit, 
so the country will not be financ-
ing as muc!: debt though foreign 
IIlVesoncn t . 

Democratic opponcnts of the 
legis lation remain vocal in their 
assertion that students should not 
havc to sacrifice the Illajoril) of 
the funds ncccssar\' til even OUI th e 
dcficit and provid~ relief to \ it tims 
of 11urricane Katrina . 

" It is "rong ro make I(l\\ - dIHI 
moderate- incomc college student, 
and their families be.,'r the hur-
den of 1 IlIsguidcd policie, :lI1d mi,-
placed prioriti es that h'l\ c rull up 
the hudgct dcficit," .\1 ill er , w ed. 
"But thar\ "hat the Re public-m 
'Raid Oil SwdcllI \id ' doe~." 

As the bill Il\oves through 
the Il ouse nf Represen rau\'C, 
this weck, Democrat o pponellt' 
hope to muster the support of :1 
few Repuhlican representati\,c., to 
block thc Icgi lation. 

"It represenLs a sihrnific:1IlI ~tep 
hackwards \\ hen it comcs [0 crc'1\-
i ng college oppornm i tic~ for a II 
qualificd students," .\1 illcr , nlled. 
"And it presellts a fa lse choice 
between fiscal respomihilil)' and 
co llege affo rdability." 

Rwdrn mil m1J/IJI1 E,·il.m Cf)1!/lIIlrs 
lit ccervantes@ucsd .eclu. 

"Wiek At • . Center! 

ni Job Fair: International Careers Corps Opportunities 
Wednesday, 11/16 
11a.m.-1p.m. 
Career Services Center Plaza 

• Meet informally with employers 

• Learn about internship, part-time, and full-
time domestic and international positions 

• Positions open for translators, marketers, 
research interns, foreign service, and more! 

ational Career Panel 
Wednesday • 11/16 • 2p.m. - 3:30p.m. 
Our panel of experts will share their experiences and 
thoughts on preparing for an international career while 
answering any questions you might have. 
Co-sponsored by the UCSD Alumni.Association. 

Wednesday • 11/16 • Sp.rn. - 6:30p.m. 
Tuesday • 11/29 • 11 :30a.m. - 1 p.m. 
Wednesday • 12/7 • 4:30p.m. - 6p.m. 
Life is calling ... how far will you go? Find 
out about job opportunjties, benefits, and 
the application process while networking 
with a returned volunteer. 

duate Study in 
International Affairs 

Thursday • 11/17 • 2p.m. - 3p.m. 

From foreign policy to international management, degree 
programs in the "international" realm offer exciting and 
challenging career opportunities. Learn how to identify 
the program that's right for you and get the inside scoop 
on preparing for and applying to various schools. 

[---J--~ View our entire fall events calendar at career.ucsd.edu 'c ~ '5--~C nter Located on Library Walk 
__ areer ervlCes e 

858.534.3750 



8 NEWS lliE UCSD GUAIW\AN MONJl.\Y. NOVEMBER 14. 2005 
• 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

Sweeten~ Chief wanted independent lawyer 
continued fram page I 

gies at each other in what Sweeten 
considered to be WlfruitfuJ bicker-
ing. 

Sample roundtrip Student AIrfares from ... .,.... to: 

"It is frustrating working on 
issues with the council [on this sub-
ject]," Swee~n stated in an e-mail. 
"As always Ihappens] wish the infor-
mation that r give out, councilmem-
berS" take out what they want to hear 
and not the whole picture. This 
is bound to happen in any council 
because people will always allow 
their personal feelings to intertwine 
wim the w.y they vote." 

San Jose, CA 
Albuquerque 

Dallas 

$141 
$188 
$129 

. Paris 
Frankfurt 

Tokyo 

$510 
$542 
$655 

FREE +- TICKEIS 
Text "FLY" to 22122 

It's your chance to JdD one of ten pairs 
of roundtrip tickets to Lopdon 

StudentUniverse.com 

While me council's actions, 
which included banning John Muir 
College senior Steve York from 
SR'TV premises, received a legal 
blessing from Campus Counsel 
Daniel W. Park, station managers 
returned with their opinion that the 
student government had no legal 
right to impose such legislation, 
backed by lawyers at the Student 
Press Law Center. Meanwhile, 
Sweeten's advice to hire an indepen-
dent lawyer for both the council and 
SRTV went unheard. 

" I do feel campus counsel is 
looking at the · best interest of the 
university and not the interest of 
the students," he stated. "1 also feel 
that the [Student Press Law Centerl 

anon 
·11 

·10811-41110 
IaBII*Btn 
_ .. 

is looking out for .its own fume on a 
certain level. A lawyer agreed upon 
by both groups would have solved 
all of our arguments over me legali-
ties of me [SR'IV] charter." 

However, the legal squabbles 
remained unsolved, culminating in 
the station's shutdown by the COWl-
cil Nov. 4. When Sweeten request-
ed that SR1V be turned back. on 
Nov. 7, he was rebuffed by act-
ing Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Student Life Gary R. Ratcliff, whp 
said he wanted to see council con-
trol over the station before it was 
to be revived. The station has been 
blacked out ever since. 

The loss of control over SRTV 
could have been prevented with 
proper oversight and communica-
tion, Sweeten said. He also criti-
cized a defective council system that 
he said lacks accountability, allowing 
senators to vote according to their 
private interests. 

"J feel that our system doesn't 
allow any accountability when it 
comes to our senators, meaning the 
cOWlcil can impeach a senator, but a 
colJege council can reappoint them," 
Sweeten stated. "There needs to be 
a structure to a Ilow senators to be 
voted on by the entire campus, like 
the A.S. executives." 

And while conventional wisdom 
might pit York against Sweeten, the 
pornography producer said he sym-
pathizes with Sweeten's conundrum 
over council control. 

"The way the institution is set 
up, you have a lot of divergent 
viewpoints," he said. "You have so 
many power-hungry and hypocriti-
cal people on the senate, and one for 
every college and grade. It's tough 
to have control over senators in 
situations like this. Meanwhile, the 
whole appoinnnent process is biased 
to friends and people they feel won't 
argue. I do feel for Christopher, but 
I'm not sure how he can have better 
control." 

Yet other council leaders said 
the structure of the council has not 
affected the escalation of conflict 
between senators, SRTV and the 
administrAtion. 

"The system is not to blame 
here," Muir College Council Chair 
Neil Speaf'S said. "The structure 
of the council has been examined 
before, and it's not the problem. 
Infighting happens within organiza-
tions. We're only fighting more now 
than other time because the council 
made bad decisions, and those deci-
sions have come back to haunt us." 

At a time when SRTV staff, 
councilmembers and Sweeten him-
self are calling for unity to recover 
control over the sta tion, a ri ft of 
communication has been brewing 
between the president and other 
parties. In a Nov. 8 meeting with 
SR'TV members, Sweeten admitted 
that in initial talks with the admin-
istration this summer, threats had 
already been made to "scramble 
the service" and "lock the doors." 
Waiting until the situation was out 
of students' hands to share that 
information was a major mistake, 
according· to York. 

"I do feel that I am at mult for 
not tallcing with Steve during all 
of this, but r do feel that r fought 
for SRTV as a whole and not just 
Steve," Sweeten stated. "We cannot 
look at the incident that has taken 
place as a Steve issue; it's an SRTV 
and AS. issue that has never been 
addressed. " 

But by sharing his views with 
SR'TV before releasing an official 
statement to the council, Sweeten 
may have alienated fellow council-
members. After the council shut 
down the station on Nov. 4, repre-
sentatives were left without a reason 
for the blackout of their own ser-
vice, according to Spears. Sweeten's 
decision to address SRTV members 
Nov. 7 and his release of an official 
e-mail statement to the council the 
next day was damaging to his own 
student government, Spears said . · 

"SRTV is one of the players in 
this whole saga, but the A.S. Council 
is the main player," Spears said. "It 
was a disservice to the council for 
him to speak with them before us. 
We had to hear everything sec-
ondhand. I felt very much kept in 
the dark. We're the ones who are 
painted as the villain, and there was 
no way to defend ourselves because 
we didn't know what was even going 
on." 

The coming weeks will be crucial 
for Sweeten, who, as AS. president, 
will have to spearhead a special elec-
tion that could overturn the coun-
cil's decisions to ban sexual fonns 
of nudity on SRTV and prohibit 
York from the station's premises. 
While the election has garnered 
some opponents, Sweeten said he 
would do all he can to make sure it 
happens. 

All the while, me president, just 
months into his firSt tenn, will be 
scrutinized on all sides. 

"The person at the top sets the 
tone," Spears said. "A leadership 
void will cause confusion. It's easy 
for me to be a sideline critic, and 
it would be a shame if we didn't 
recognize he was in the hot seat. He 
has so many parties pulling him in 
different ways. " 

RtlUkrs Ctnl contIUt Charks NgrlJm .t 
charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. J 

THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1<4,2005 

Aided by a vibrant Deaf community, 
UCSD scholars are helping to ensure 

that one spirited conversation no 
. longer falls only on deaf ears. 

By KRISTEN WONG 
Contributing Writer 

t n Friday evenings at The Coffee Bean in Mission Valley, the regular mosaic of sound - hissing espresso machines, 
ambient traffic noise - lacks the 
usual verbal banter. Instead, members 
of the American Sign Language 
community tentatively taste their 
late-night latte under the red 
canvas eaves of the coffee franchise 
as they sign to one another. Bringing 
together a VlIried coalition of deaf 
individuals, interpreters seeking to 
improve their craft, and students of 
ASL from local high schools and 
universities, it is an inaudible setting 
but by no means a silent one. 

Theweeldy Deaf! ASLcommunity 
coffue night has attracted mernbe.rs 
of the UCSD undergraduate body 
like linguistics major and junior 
Rebecca Chow, who cites the ASL 
program as a detennining I3ctor in 
her enrollment at UCSD. Chow also 
selVes as president of the ASL Club 
on campus. 

Close to her desk in the club's 
office, thick: manuals mark:ed 
"ASL" lean against a miniaturized 
refrigerator with rows of ASL 
pictograph magnets monopolizing 
the space. "I'm just fascinated by 
the language, and I really enjoy 
signing and J love being involved 
in the Deaf community," Chow 
said enthusiastically. "It's just really 
interesting for me to learn about 
this different culture that's allover 
America but kind ofhidden ." 

While less than a handful of deaf 
graduate students attend UCSD, 
the campus does offer severa I 
services including interpreters 
and captioning, as well as access 
to note-takers through the Office 
for Students with Disabilities. "The 
population of dcaf students is fairly 
small compared to other ethnic 
minorities," said commWlication 
professor Carol Padden, who is 
also deaf. Padden and her husband 
Tom Humphries, a communication 
associate professor at UCSD, have 

written four books about ASL, 
including "Deaf in America: Voice 
from a Culture." 

Padden noted the rise in attaining 
credentials at various education 
programs in order to work with deaf 
children, which in turn, encourages 
deaf students interested in pursuing 
these studies. "Programs that arc 
targeted to areas where deaf students 
might work tend to attract more deaf 
students," Padden said. 

In the meantime, a vibrant 
constituency of ASL scholars and 
students at UCSD has already 
begun to plumb the depths of Deaf 
culture and its newly developing 
21 st century concerns. In the past 
two years, the ASL community has 
earned the attention of the Modem 
Language Association, which, 
according to Padden, conducted a 
study to determine which foreign 
languages universities retain 
and drop from their educational 
docket. ~ 

"'they fOWld 'chat two languages 
are the fastest growing in terms of 
being added to foreign language 
proPIls: American Sign Language 
and . Aramc, " Padden said. "A 
lot of departments at colleges 
and ' universities are interested 
in comparative tudies of sign 
language and spoken language. So 
ASL }las been added at II very rapid 
rate .• 

While the study .. of ASL 
operates as a common endeavor 
among the University of California 
campuses, Padden indicates that 
there is a distinction to be made of 
UCSD's ASL program in its unique 
approach to teaching the language 
through grammar, conversational 
components and lab requirements 
that equip and send students into 
the field . 

"It's nice to see ASL included 
in the same kind of curricular 
structure that they have in Spanish, 
French, German and omer foreign 
languages," Padden said. "1 think. 
srudents who come out of the 

wlt .. IN 
Sire Seen ................. 10 

CrossslOOI'd . .......... .. . 10 

lliE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

Photos by Alexander Varond/Guardian 
Expressinc over .,....,: ASL signers gather at venues like this coffee shop to leam, teach and converse in ASL during weekly 
meetings. Grossmont CoDege ASL instructor George Sierra (left) practices ASL with student Penny Pongun' (right). 
first quarter or the first year are 
very good. I'm impressed with the 
program. I know it works. " 

Students who feel that in-
class exposure to ASL requires 
a supplement or does not satisfy 
their appetite for the language arc 
welcomed to attend San Diego's 
weekly deaf!As=e~ nights. 
Venues IiIre theC' 2ttractas 
many as 40 to 50 . individuals 
who converse with 'one another 
through sign across a range of topics 
as varied as linguistic differences 
between dissimilar sign languages 
globally to light-hearted discussions 
about the perfect stitt of chocolate 
cake. 

As a member and scholar of 
the Deaf community, ASL has ~ 
particular urgency for Padden, 
whose research interests broach 
medical , ethical and linguistic 
realms of the present age. Recent 
medical discourse on ge neti c 
engineering and the possibiliti es 
of cochlear implants in retrieving 
sound have excited her interest. 
"There's a lot of medical interest 
in deaf people as a group," Padden 
said. "So how do we respond to 
that? Do we have anything to say 
about our role as such in medical 
studies? For what purpose, for 
what goal? It's a very complex 
discussion. " 

Another recent scholarly project 
brings Padden to Israel twice 

a year to chart the emergence of 
a relatively new sign language in 
the country in order to use this 
new model as the groundwork for 
Wlderstanding the general properties 
of human language. Her study draws 
from correlations and differences 
between ASL - which has existed 
for approximately 200 years - and 
Israel 's own emergent version, which 
"is about 70 years old, so we can still 
watch the language grow," Padden 
said. 

For Padden, language serves 
as the fundamental interest 
from which her culture derives. 
"Language is a key part of how 
deaf people define themselves," 
she said. "In terms of disabilities, 
different issues of identity and 
definition [arise] .... A great deal 
of our identity is wrapped up in our 

language~ASL poetry, literature, 
narrative, story-telling." 

Last Thursday in Geisel 
LiLrary's Seuss room , literature 
professor Michael Da vidson 
discussed P adde n 's in terests 
of language and culture in his 
special lecture : "Tree Tangled in 
Tree: Re-Sitihg Poetry Through 
ASL." He represents the growing 
interest amongst intellectuals in 
bringing ASL, as a viable and 
rich form of expression, into t/le 
fore of academic, if not social, 
consciousness. Speaking with 
the help of an interpreter to a 
cadre of literature specialists, he 
drew his lecture to a close: "In an 
era when . poetry in the academy 
has fallen on hard times, ASL 
performance offers an opporrunity 
to revivify the art, not by adding 
increments to an existing ca non 
but by rcthinking metaphors of 

vi ion upon which poetry has been 
erected. " 

Ln his discus ion of the renewal 
of such cultural productions as 
poetry, Davidson referred to youth 
culture and newly evolving deaf-
poetry slams as cultural sites that 
require exploration . He has also 
taught an undergraduate course 
about disabilities in literature and 
remarked mid -way through his 
lecture, "[UCSD is] a good place to 
do ASL studies ... ASL often doesn 't 
get acknowledged in these public 
forums." 

Chow is also working steadily 
to attract a broader interest 
in ASL. "AS L is not a largely 
publicized thing in general, " she 
said. "I think it would be cool 
for more peoplc to know about 
it." I Ier plans include encouragi ng 
the participation of a larger 
demographic to thc AS L Club 
in which non signin g individuals 
can still attend and parti cipate in 
cu ltural events. 

The ASL community night 
has, in its own right, sprung a 
culture around 'coffee, language 
exchange and an older gencration 
of signers instructing the younger. 
By the end of the evening, Robert 
Ellison, with a hearing aid snugly 
attached to his ear, is surrounded 
on all fronts by a column of eager 
hearing students from Ramona 
High School. Confusion has crept 
into the conversation as someone 
dimly mutters in the back, "the 
eyebrows are part of the grammar, 
that's what makes it so hard ." He 
gcsrures with grea ter animation 
to the sea rching eyes of his 
companions and finally invokes 
the universa l code: laughter. 

SlpMure style: Above: Kirsi Grigg signs 'wait a second" as she communicates with Clifton Langdon. Both are members of 
the Deaf community. Right: Robert Ellison SignS the word 'culture" as he teaches ASL at the coffee shop. 



IO FOCUS 

ADRIANA ERNI 
(858 29-4999 

R ....... lngBu' .. 
............. 

Stop wasting money on rent! 
Pre-qualify today to buy your 

new home. 

~ Prudential !:!J 
c t ~ RttoRun 
www.asernl.com 

UCSD's new AUTO (ENTER! 
EYents allover UCSD 
ea_cameras 

Thtpoets 
Secure your world 

• IntInsiYe 60-H0ur ProgrMI 
• CIInroom MafIIIII'IIWIU Tec:hnlqun 
• Detailed leIaon PIInnlng 
• ComPf9/lenliv, THChing 1111Iriill 
• InIImItionIlIy Rec:ognlmd CertIIIca 
• THCIler Placement Service 
• Job GuarantM Included 
• Thoulandl of Satlaflecl StudIntI 

, OXFORD 
SEM I NARS 

310-820-2359 J 1·800·779-1779 
www.oxfordseminars.com 

p.3 
p.3,14 
p.~ 
p.5 
p.6 

Hair in style by Brenda Adams p.l0 
Study abroad p.l1 
Marshallpilooza p.15 
DeteIopment dasses, U(SD Extension p.6 
eaR for artists 
International cireers 

KANSAS COUPLE 
SEARCHING FOR AN 

EGG DONOR 
Donor should be in excellent 

health, with' no history of mental 
or genetic illnesses. Heigh t: 5'0 -
5'10; Hair color: blonde, light 

brown or brown; Eye color: blue 
or hght; Complexion: fair; Build : 
petite to small; Intelligence: CPA 
of 3.0 or higher SAT of 1200 or 
higher; Personality - outgoing, 

extrovert. Contact their agency to 
insure yoU! anonymity. 
Privacy is G uaranteed 

858-748-4222 
CONCEPTUAL O PTIONS, UC 
www.ConceptuaIOptions.com 

p.15 
p.7 

r- - -- - ------
BRENDAAnAMS: 
at SILON IEIUI GENS: 

50% 
OFF* 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 

'It Haircut, reg. $40 I 
·Up dOor I 

I "Coloror Foil I 
I I 'J, .".1.'111'.'. I C •• ,on r.lI~ w;,~ 'rr.~. '.'1. I 
I 7770 Regents Rd. : 
I 151.229.4157 I L __ __ __ _ ___ _ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,2005 

..... .., ..,...,CiUGfd1an 
II .,1 11'1: Pho Sao Bien irwiIes cfiners for pho, it Vietnamese noodle ~ 

tr~ made wiIh it bdI cI ~ and stM anise. cMnIro ftI basil 

~ I CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 
5 
• M 
15 
II 
17 
11 
11 
:II 
U 
D 
:z. 
:II 
:II 
JJ 
H 

Table scraps 
Game of chance 
Pippin or Rome 
Look-see 
Make-up specialist? 
Plants with intell igence? -
Ms. Bombeck 
Great Lake 
Kicks off 
Arrest record 
Vulgarize 
Lacking vitality 
Supercharger 
Kenan's comic partner 
Washington city 
Harsh li~ht 
Turkish IItle 

JI 
It 
.. 
.. 
.:1 
Q 
.. 
.5 
47 
... 

51 
H 
H 
11 
12 
IJ 
.. 
.5 

Ash or ice follower 
Dynamic intro? 
Dogpatch resident 
Tackle-box item 
Non-cleric 
Travel a~ent's offering 
Oboists needs 
More 'precarious 
Take to court 
Fresh and firm 
Envelop closer 
Joint injury 
Significant other 
Hammer parts 
Thunder god 
1975 Wimbledon winner 
Stage whisper 
Brume 

II Dream time 
17 Bennett and Orlando 
II Spouted pitcher 
It Agatha's contemporary 

DOWN 
1 'Aida" or "Thais" 
:I Aired again 
J Home of the Sun Devils 
• Violent jerk 
5 Jason's objective 
• Yorkshire river 
7 Singer Bonnie 
• Mine find 
• One-celled organism 
II Cola container 
II Not guilty or guilty 
1:1 Camera's eye 
lJ Actual being 
:II Walk on the wild side? 
U Gloomy, in poetry 
IS Wedding party members 
27 Tasks 
:It Verifiable 
H Rendered fat 
JI Potato buds' 
JJ Guys' dates 
JJ Wife of Jacob 
It ·'Stride la vampa: e.g. 
J5 Crystall ized sugar 
J7 Wildebeest 
.. Had a TV dinner, perhaps 
.. Rod attachment 
.. Eye parts 
.. Moneylender 
51 Shucks! 
s:z Bowl over 
5J Kind of beam 
M One of the Barrymores 
55 Pee Wee of Ebbets Field 
51 Verbal skirmish 
57 Cozumel cash 
51 Equine restraint 
.. Slimy stuff 
1:1 Definite artide 

See soIuIions on pap 13 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER l4, 2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN FOCU II 

·UCSD. theater student takes the gold for original screenplay 
By GRACE WU 

Staff Writer 

W hat began as a 30-page screenplay assignment led to the first-place prize 
of $25,000 for Eleanor Roosevelt 
College junior Michael Carnick. 

Carnick, a theater major, took 
home the pri'l,e at the 50th anni-
versary of the Samuel Goldwyn 
Writing Awards for his screenplay 
"Who's Driving Doug." 

"J 'm still in shock," Carnick said. 
"I had no idea. I'm just amazed." 

Other recipients of the award 
were UCLA .md C Irvine grad-
uate srudents, chosen from morc 
than 100 submis-

" 

Colin Higgins. Fonner judges of the 
contest include David Lynch , Sidney 
Poi tier and Den7.e1 Washington . 

The winners were an nounced 
from last place to first place. 
When the fourth place win ner was 
announced, Carnick rea lized that he 
had a chance. By thc time ·the sec-
ond place was announced, Carnick's 
family cried and cheered behind 
him as he turned around and gave 
them a thumbs-up. 

")'m a rea l pessimist. I didn't 
think 1 had a chance, which is why 
I didn 't app ly last year," Carnick 
said. 

But,. due to the suggestion and 
persuasion of his theater profes-

so.r Alan I lavis, 
sions from scvcn 
UCcampu cs, based 
on craft, imagina-
tion and emotional 
power. 

Tony Goldwyn, 
actor, di reCLOr and 
Samuel Goldwyn 
Foundation board 
member, hosted 
the 50th anniver-
sary event held at 
the Writers Guild 
T heater in Lo 
Angeles on Nov. I. 
T he judges included 
Puli tzer Prize-win-

This is tlte first 
screenplay 1've ever 

turitten, so I stiU 
have to. see how this 

all unfolds, )) 

Carnick finall y 
decided to submit 
an application last 
May and complet-
ed "' N1IO's Driving 
Doug" during the 
summer. 

" l owe it to 
Ala n li avis," 
Carnick said . Two 
odlcr people who 
inspi red Carn ick 
are Associate 
Chancellor and 

- Michael Camide. 
Eleanor Roosevelt 

College junior 
C hief Diversity 
Office r J orge 

ning author A. Scott Berg, novelist 
Jonathan KeUennan, and Creative 
Artists Agency partner and senior 
literary directo r Robert Bookman. 

The event ended with a "class 
photo" of past and present winners 
with celebrities such as Academy 
Award win ner Eric Roth, best 
Irnown fo r his screenplay "Forrest 
Gump," and writer/d irector Al.lison 

. Anders. 
Past winners of the Samuel 

Goldwyn Writing Award include 
Francis Ford Coppola, director of 
"The Godfather," and screenwriter 

Huerta, . who was 
Camick's former theater professor, 
an d Ron Ranson, lecrurer emerirus 
in scenic design. "They rea lly sup-
ported me," Carnick said. 

"Who's Driving Doug" is a 
drama/comedy about two friends, 
o ne of whom is disabled, that go 
on a road trip to Las Vegas and get 
caught in a love triangle. 

Carnick, who has nonprogtes-
sive muscular dystrophy, said it 
was based largely on his own life, 
although in the screenplay, the main 
character's disability is not speci-
fied. 

Photo courtesy of Michael Carnick 
First place: Producer Samuel Goldwyn Jr. and actor Tony Goldwyn stand with Eleanor Roosevelt College Junior Michael Camick 
(center), whose screenplay was chosen out of 100 submissions from seven UC campuses for the Samuel Goldwyn Writing Award. 

Camick adapted many of his 
own life experiences to the main 
character's struggles. One example 
cites a time when Camick went to 
a restaurant with friends and was 
skipped over by the waitress rnking 
orders. . 

"I chose the theme because I 
thought I migh t have a d ifferent 
viewpoint to offer because I'm dis-
abled," Carnick said. "I wanted to 
make people more aware of disabi l-
ity issues in society because they' re 
invisible and not treated as equals." , 

The subject matt(!r was not a dif-

ficu lt choice. "I had it bui lt up in me 
fo r a long ti me," he said. "It poured 
out of me as r wrote." 

Facing unfair treatment did not 
motivate Carnick to make negativity 
the primary emotion in his screen-
play. If anything, the emotional 
makeup of his screenplay is largely 
fun and laughter. 

Previous award recipien ts have 
gone on to write award-winning 
fi lms an d New York Times bestsell-
ers. Carnick himself plans to pursue 
novel or movie writing, but he will 
let time decide. 

"This is the first screenplay I've 
ever written , so r sti ll have ro sec 
how this all unfolds." Camick said. 
"It's all really new to me." 

Meanwhile, agents and produc-
ers are considering "Who' Driving 
Doug" a 3 feature film on its way to 
the big screen, though "the chances 
of it becoming a movie are very 
slim," Camick said. 

So what will Ca rniek do with the 
new chunk of change in his pocket? 

"1'11 probably buy a new comput-
er, some jewelry for my mom and 
donate some to charity," he said. 

EXPLDRE THE 
WDRLD! 

STVDV ABROAD 
The UC Education Abroad Program (EAP) and the 

UCSD Opportunities Abroad Program (OAP) offer 
study, work, travel, and internship opportun-rties worldwide, 

Some Application Deadlines are coming SOON! 

• Earn Academic Credit 
• Financial Aid Available 
• Thousands of.Doliars in Scholarships 

For more information call 94-1123, or lbroad@UCSd.edu 
UCSD Programs Abroad Office 

(Across from Center Hall on Library Walk) 
, programsabroad.ucsd.edu 

Websense, Inc. (NASDAO: WBSN) is the 
global -leader of web filtering and a premier 
provider of web security software. Recently 

recognized~ as one of Forbes Magazine's 
2004 "Top 25 Technology Companies", 
Websense provides solutions trusted by 

more than 20 million employees worldwide ranging in size from 1 DO-person organizations to 
IT\Ultinationai CQ(JlOI'3tions. 

•• "III.j Inc. 
To ...... ...., It ....... " Ev.t 

~"'.".15,2001 
..... c.tIr, Bal • .., A • 11:30 AM to 3:00 PM 

......... CIA EIIIIftI1 lilt 1I,1wn11l1ll 0pp0rtuItIII A ........ 

Recruiters and hiring managers will be on site to provide students with information on 
numerous summer and year long Software and QA Engineering intemships. Short seminars 
highlighting company innovations and technology will provide students with more information 
about our company. CSE and ECE students are welcome to come enjoy complimentary pizza 
and other refreshments while learning more about Websense . 

Please visit III online It www.websense.com EOE 

1U"iiIM,., 
- ... ----......... , 

- -

WWW w(>b~cl1~(> com 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

claire 
withjWr 

COMING SOON 

Thailand trips- spend 40 days travel-
ing Thailand. 5 beaches, the jungle and 
Bangkok. It's an unreal trip. www.!reean· 
deasytraveler.com (11/17) 

TENNIS @ NOON - USPTR Instructor will 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 min 
lesson anytime between 11 -2, M-F. UCSD 
special: 1 or 2 players $20. Cell 619-787-
5475 (12/1) 

Celebrate UCSD's 1 st annual International 
Education Week (Nov. 14-18)! International 
Festival on library walk Nov. 16, speakers 
and so much more! More info http:/{lew. 
ucsd.edu/ (I 1/14) 

EVENTS 
Peace Corps Information Session @ UCSO. 
Wednesday, November 16, 5:00-6:3Opm, 
Career Services Center. Soon .after grlClu-
ation you could be making a difference in 
Fiji, Togo, or Peru. (11/14) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Stock and Sales Associates 
for FUN toy stores 

throughout San Diego. 
IMMEDIATE OPENINGS in 

our stores in La Jolla, 
Fashion Valley, or the 
Del Mar Highlands. 

Retail experience or experi-
ence with children preferred. 

Part time I flexible hours. . 

Apply in person or call the 
location nearest you. 

Geppetto's 
7850 Girard Avenue, 

La Jolla 
858-456-4441 

Fashion Valley 
619-294-8878 

Del Mar Highlands 
858-350-9038 

EDUCATIONAL SALES - work on your com-
puter telemarketing from your own home 
on your own schedule. Requirements: own 
computer, simple sales skills. $250-$1000/ 
week 760-672-5242 - Charles (12/1) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attorney 
needs part ti me assistance (Tuesdays-
Thursdays) 10 assist at office. Hours are 
S·I.5a m. 07:00p.m (plus additional 
pellodlC overtime). Duties include tyPing, 
h lln~, word processing. occasional book 
kerplng, ~~~I~tance Jt court. good gram-
'TIar ~nd punctuation skil!s, ~nowledge of 

"",crO~Oft Office, good handWriting and the 
db,lity to stand for long pellocjs of time. 

TIlE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CLAsS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edit. delete offensive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any daim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 

CllSslfIecI UNE 
AD Rides 

Students: SI ,.. H-.k 
Faculty & Staff: "M ,.. JO-.k 

All others: '12,.. JI-.k 
Advance payment is required 

alsslfied DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

regular issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Oedit will only be SlO_OO per column Inch 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement There are no refunds for cancella~ons. Dudllnes: 
"'- HIId .. I corNIPoad __ ....... CIMIIfIeds tD: Pub. Date Display Ads !Joe Ads 
UCSO CiuMIIan. AIIn: ClMsltleds.I5OCI Gllua DrM H316. 1.11.., CA .2093. Moll. 4 pM MON 1 wi! 4 pM MOH 1 wi! 
AdU.J 1ocMIon: student Center A. __ 217. Thun. 4 pM '" 1 wi! 4 pM '" 1 wi! 

a...HIed LIM Ads.".. .. bodI .... G ........ PlaNT .... ONLINE ........ 

Requires the ability to drive a van with an 
automatic trlnsmission. Must have lood 
drivi"l record. Candidates must pass a' 
grammar, spellin& punctuation and tw-
inl test plus a background check. PIeese 
send resume to: Human Resources, DlA 
Piper Rudnick Grl'( Cery US LLP, 401 B. 
Street, Suite .1 700, San Diego, CA 921 01 
or email to maureen.wllkerCidlapiper. 
com. (11/28) 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. $725.$1050 hourty 

Call Jacki 
(858,565-2144 

ValeVBellman - S10.25 per houri Luxury 
retirement community near UTC Mall 
needs service oriented valet/bellman 
attendants .. Full time or potentially some 
part time work available. Must be avail-
able weekends. Please e-mail resume to 
Imiller@ultimatehps.com or call 858-558-
4601 (11/17) 

Retail Sales. La Jolla Cove Gifts. 10-20 
hours per week. Stlrt S8.00 per hour, plus 
potential $20.0!l bonus each shift bHed 
on sales. Will worII around your school 
schedule. One blade from Cove. FIX a 
resume to 858-551-1618 or 15k for blank 
application to be faxed to you or come 
into store. 8008 Girard Av .• 120. 858-454-
2297 (11/14) 

Non-profit DIIlniution (KWlSE) is hiri"l 
a student helper to menaae the website 
(http://www.kwise.orx). The candidate 
should be familiar with webpase design 
and ml~ent SpeIkinB Ind writi"l 
in Korean and Enatish is preferred. SI5/hr. 
Time is flexible. 858-784·7189, Dr. Hln. 
(11/21) 

Now hiri"l Friendly Fun people. Flexible 
hIS. Meal breaks. Round Table Pizza Price 
Center. 8ring in your dass 1Ifid. (11/21) 

local be~ family looking for responsible, 
creative, active person to take care of 
4 year old lirf every Monday and some 
Wednesdays 7arn-4pm until end of June 
2006. Please till 858-692-6226 (11/14) 

FOR RENi 
Walk to UCSD· & Nobel Plaza. La Jolil - 2 

bed 2 bath $1950. Great location. Beautiful 
remodel. Call 619-218-4593 (11/17) 

One bedroom apartment, ocean view. On 
an acre cIose.to beach and train/ bus. One 
person only. $725 + utilities. 858-792-
7744. (11/14) 

FOR SALE 
Economics 2nd edition- 1 a, b, c. book -
$65. Very aooct deal. Ernail k IIe@ucsd.edu 
Of call 619-793-6988 (11/17) 

2002 Ford Econoline VIn with solar eleC-
tric + fridge for study and sleep IWI'( from 
home. S17,OOO. 949-735-8253. (11/17) 

WANTED 

EGG DONORS NEEDED 
Age 19-29 

We offer ExceU~nt CompellNtion 
and the highest level 
of personal ~ttention. 

VIsit us at 
_.bullclinsfamillninc.com 

Building Families, Inc. 
(800) 977-7633 

Volunteers paid $30 for an interview. If 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2005 

you Ire entirely of Chinese, Japanese, Of 
Korean descent, lip 21-26, call 552-8585 
x 5590 (12/1) 

FEMAlE MENTORS NEEDED I For girls 11-
18. R_rdi"l experience. Contact us 
It info4jeliteladies.orl 619-263-2955 
(11/14) 

SERVICES 
Cereer Path? Your life profession from 
your Facial features/AstroIOlY! Appeared 
on 50 Nationall1OCiI TV shows. 20 years 
experience. $70/session. Barbera 760-
479-0008. (11/17) 

PERSONALS 
The Lohan influence: In order to avoid 
photosrlphers, Paris Hihon's escort/driver 
covered his face with a coat as they drove 
IWI'( from a Hollywood nite spot. He 
promptly aashed into a truck that he 
failed to see. (11/14) 

You're r9Chins: the Guardian sports edi-
tor mlNpd to '¥lfk I reference to the 
current 5tate of the 4gen(7) into last 
wednesday's issue. We sure hope to read 
e\IeII more about the Bay erel pro sports 
teams Ind their importance to UCSD. 
(11/14) 

The Storsjo Monster of Sweden, known 
to the common masses as the bastard 
child of the Loch Ness Monster, was 
removed from Svvedish federal protection 
Government reports state your mom is 
next to come off the protected monsten 
list. (11/14, 1Ol) 

In Hillsdlle, a high school student beats 
incumbent mayor on write-in vote. Talk 
about a blow to your self esteem. In relat-
ed news, Donna Frye to hire said student 
as next campaign manager. (11/14) 
In Canada, the CBC reports that many 
Cenadians are being contaminated with 
heavy metals, and other toxic chemicals. 
Please try to limit your consumption of 
Cenadians to one or two per week. (CBC) 

LOOKING FOR WOMEN 
TO HELP INFERTILE 

COUPLES ... 
"')a 5TANFOROb· d . STANFORD UNIVERSITY 

IMMEDIATELY!!! 
Asian Donors are in great 
demand for infertile Asian 

couples. Compensation from 
$5,000 to $15,000 if you are 

healthy, intelligent, responsible, 
and bEtween the ages of 20 and 

30. As an egg donor you can 
give a family il rricele 5 gift, III 
return, vou wil receive eterndl 

gratej'u lne~s .md excellenl 
compem,ahon lor vour time. 

For more lIliOrnMtlon, plca~r (.111 
858-748-4222 

Co, C[PTUAlOPTIO,"S, LlC 
www.Conceplu.lIOphons.com 

\';'!j 10 eSlgn 
Stanford Unlvo"lty. 318 Campul onv •. Rm. E 100. S,anrord, CA 94305·5428 

ANNOUNCING: 

The 2006-2007 Innovation Fellowships 
Explore the basics of biomedical technology invention and 
implementation through an intensive fellowship at Stanford 
University. 

The Fellowship includes a Clinical Specialty Innovation Team 
and a Surgical Innovation Team. Multidisciplinary teams of 2-4 
graduate and postgraduate engineers, bioscientists, and 
physicians collaborate during a year-long process. Teams invent 
new technologies that address major clinical needs, Fellows are 
mentored by over 100 "real world" experts in design prototyping 
and technology implementation. 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus? 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo for You! 

APPLICATION DEADLINE; DECEMBER 9, 2005 
APPLY ONLINE: http://innovation.stanford.edu/ 
For further information contact: 
biodesign@stanford.edu 
Tel: 650 736 1160 WHY RENT? BUYI 
Fax: 650 7248696 , Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 

• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 
• You hve rn the condo for FREE, and ... 

. your parents can write off the interes t on the mortgage! 

Have your parents cdll Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Flnest reoltor@hotmoll.com • www.cbcolifornlo.coml tobin 

MON~Y. NOVEMBER 1+, 2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 13 

Hatch: Tritons start with D,I challeng.es Basketball: Jones is fourth 
coach in history of program continued from page ,6 

practice. He was a little nervous 
during his first game, against UC 
Santa Barbara, but be played well 
We also have Henry [patterson, 
UCSD forward], and he is a mon-
ster. He's 6 feet 5 inches, 220 
pounds, a great athlete and he's 
really going to help us a lot once 
we hit league. Both of those guys 
are going to be great this year, 
because now we have that size, we 
have that strength to bump people 
around inside and get rebounds, 
and 1 think that's something thar 
we lacked last year. 

G: ' Currently, NCAA requires 
that aU Division II schools offer 
at least 5250,000 for athletic 
grants, and UCSD remains one 
of the few schools in the dil'ision 
not offering the minimum. Vice 
ChanceUor of Student Affairs 
Joseph W. Watson aJrrently has 
a waiver for this school year, 
basicaUy meaning they don't 
have to give you any money. Do 
you feel tcrewed at aU? 
H: I'm honored to play at a school 
without scholarships, but then 
again, we need the scholarships. 
Yeah, I feel screwed. All of the ath-
letes try really hard - from softball 
to baseball; $500 would help. 

G: Currently, the proposed plan 
for the athletics money would 
give every athlete $SOO, as you 
mentioned. Do you feel that is 
the best use of me money? 
H: Yeah, we're all working hard out 
here. I don't think we should get 
more than anyone else, or some-
body else should get more. If they 
have enough to give everyone $500, 
they should give everyone $500. 

G: The Triton's first four games 
this year are aU against Divisi,!o 

I opponents. What: do you gain 
in being such strong competi-
tion so early? 
H: You gain confidence. Go out 
there, play hard, think you're play-
ing hard, and get thrown around 
by bigger guys. You go into the 
regular season and you feel com-
fortable. We're not playing against 
the Gonzagas every game, so when 
playing against a team Like that, you 
see what offensive sets work, and 
those will probably work during 
the s9son. Plu , we're going to be 
playing in front of 7,000, so after 
that, playing in from of 500 doesn't 
cern Uke such a big deal. You get 

the jitters out, which is especially 
important for the freshmen. 

G: Following that string of D-I 
opponents, you stay on the road 
fur the next eight games befure 
your home opener 00 Jan. 3. Is it 
difficult spending so much time 
on the road? 
H: Playing on the road is fun. You 
get to go 'out, play in front of a 
hostile environment. Then we get 
to corne home and we have like II 
g-arnes at home, so we should do 
pretty well then, after getting the 
hard games out of the way. 

G: What offensive and defensive 
style has Carr implemented in 
the men's basketball program? 
H: As opposed to the Lanthier 
system, we're more disciplined. 
Offensively, we come down and we 
run sets as opposed to just a motion 
play. We're moving the ball more, 
trying to get people open shots, get 
the ball to Robby and Clint [Allard, 
UCSD guard], who can pull from 
three-point range. And defensive-
ly, we're bigger with guys like AJ 
Maulhardt and Henry Patterson 
on the inside, making it easier to 
control people. We're going to play 

a lot more zone this year, because 
we're bigger and we can get more 
rebounds now. Basically, it's just a 
very formal setting, not just throw-
ing the ball out there and saying, 
"Go!" 

G: You and Carr are both now 
entering your second seasons at 
UCSD. How would you charac-
terize playing fur Carr? How has 
his coaching style differed from 
that of your past coaches, Torn 
Gregory and Ken Quinn? 
H: Coach Gregory and coach Carr 
arcn't that differenr. They're both 
very strict, and that's probably why 
it's been easier for me to adjust, as 
opposed to Parker last year. Carr 
seems to be focusing more on the 
individuals we have now. Last year, . 
he didn't know any of us so it took 
some time to get into a swing, but 
this year, it's much more geared 
toward the players we have. 

G: Last year, the Tritons beat 
fonner California CoUegiate 
Athletic Association champion 
Cal State Bakersfield, the first 
such victory for the Tritons over 
the team. Who do you feel is the 
toughest opponent in the CCAA 
this year? 
H: I'm going to have to go with 
Sonoma State. They returned a lot 
of their players. They're beatable, 
but it seems like every other team 
in the conference lost a lot of their 
players. 

G: Last spring, I asked Carr what 
he believed was a realistic goal 
for the team this year and he 
responded that he thought this 
unit could win the CCAA and 
that was the goal. Do you agree 
with that assessment? 
H: Definitely agree. We are going 
to win the CCAA. 

MICROWllle 

LAnOp 

continued from page ,6 
the game. 

Sophomore forward Alexis 
Mezzetta, who played in II games 
her rookie season, saw 23 minutes 
of playing time in her first collegiate 
start for the Tritons. Mezzetta tal-
lied seven points to go along with 
her game-high five assists. 

Head coach Janell Jones played 
14 players in the game after the 
Tritons ended the first half Witl1 a 
commanding 24-point lead at 43-
19. The team shot 28-for-54, 52 
percent, from the floor, most of 
which was due to success at the 
charity stripe, going 16-for-23 in 
the first half, a ste llar 69 percent. 

Linda Oguga, who had 14 points 
and a game-high eight rebounds, led 
Biola. Crystal Duncan and Rochelle 
Crawford each contributed eight 
points in the loss for the Eagles. 

The contest was Jones' debut, 
who was hired in July as the fourth 
head coach in Triton women's bas-
ketball history. Jones is a large part 
of why the UCSD team has reason 
to be optimistic about this year's 
upcoming season. Jones brings a 
new style to her team of 16, one 

Apply fon 

Associate 
News Editor 

at the 
VCSD Guardian 

Join coda, 
and ~ part of a winning t.tmn. 

editorOucsdguardian.org 

200f 

If? 167 

COM'lJTeR 2f/7 161 f9~ 

TV W/ IN/) PI..AYU 171 ;I()II 
STe~ 1'f2 ;§9 

1m 1'21 

that yielded 175 wins, only 14 losses 
'and four National Association of 
Intercollegiate Athletics Division 1 
titles in seven seasons as coach at 
Oklahoma City University. Jones 
replaces Judy Malone, who retired 
last year after 29 sea OilS at UCSD. 

Jones joins seven returning vet-
eran players, twO of whom are red 
shirts, and several new pro peets. 
The team has been practicing hard 
since October, hoping for a repeat 
of last season's Sllccess, wid1 a record 
of 17-10. Ilowever, the team must 
build on last year's record, which 
was marred after just missing the 

CM Division II tournament 
following a hean-breaking loss to 
Sonoma State. 

Following the Nov. 13 second 
and final exhibition game, a contest 
against the Ariwna Venom, the 
T ritons will lcick off their regu-
lar season with a home game on 
Nov. 16 against Alaska Fairbanks, 
the first of two meetings with the 
Nanooks slated for this season. 
Following Thanksgiving break, t.~e 
team will travel to Irvine to par-
ticipate in the two-day Concordia 
Tournament. 

crosswordsolutions 

3 1 I:l 311:l 3 MI3 SA N 0 J. 
S33Z 3ZVIH 3 a I S V 
3HSV I:lOHJ. S N 3 3 d 
3lV1II'nO~N I v II d S 
II 3 1 V 3 S_ d S I I:l::l_ 

3~ 1'!!1' ' " , SO 3 311:l noJ. ::lIV' 
3 I:l n, I:l 3 Nay 01l3V 
A V I:l 1 V H .~ 3 I:l V 1 D 
31llV'3f5 , 3 >t 
_0 a 1:l 1IT-:) I 1113 N V 3 S v a 3 a 133 H S d V I:l 
SN3dO 3111:l31V~1:l3 
S 3 1 0 111 I:lIV I' d 3 3 d 
31ddY olljV~ Sll:lO 



14 CAMPUS CALENDAR THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY. NOVEMBER 14.2005 

PAID ADVERTISEMENT 

caendar@_u_c_s_d_w_eek~~~~_V_14_~_2_0 
MON NOV 14 

A CADEMIC 

study AbrHd in International 
Studies Information Session -
Come find out how, when, and 
where to go from a panel of 
recently returned students. 2 :30-
3:30pm in ERC Administration 
Building Room 115. 

A RTS 

ROIM Nichls - 8pm performance 
by Beth Preston in Espresso 
Roma. 
CeoJrlphy Awareness Lunch • 
Lum SerIes-join us at Noon in 
the Geisel library's Seuss Room 
to watch geography-related film: 
Journey to Planet Earth: Rivers of 
Destiny (1999) 

CAR EER 

On-Cimera Practice 
Intervlewinc for Employment 
- Small group workshop, build 
confidence by responding to 
real interview questions. Receive 
immediate feedback and learn 
by watching others. 2-4pm in the 
Career Services Center. 

R ECREATION 

Monday Nicht Football - Dallas 
@ Philadelphia, 6pm at Round 
Table Pizza. 

SPECIAL EVEN TS 

International Education Week 
Openinc Ceremony - The Senior 
Advisor to the United Nations 
Foundation will speak on "The 
United States and the United 
Nations in the 21 st Century." 6pm 
in I-House Great Hall, preceded 
by an authentic British tea at 
Spm. 

TUES NOV 15 
A CADEM IC 

Go Abroad! EAP/OAP 
Information Session - Find out 
about a range of study, intern-
ship, and work abroad options. 
4:30-6pm in the International 
Center lounge. 
Katrina Relief Info NI,ht-
CAlPIRG, 6:00pm, North 
Conference Room, lower level 
Old Student center. Information 
on state-wide effort to address 
the results of Katrina by volun-
teering in Louisiana over winter 
break. 

ART S 

Cinemaniacs Presents: "Stealth,. 
- 7 and 10pm screenings of the 
film, $3 in Price Center Theater. 
Ceol"aphy Awareness Lunch. 
Learn Series-join us at Noon in 
the Geisel Library's Seuss Room 
to watch geography-related film: 
Journey to Planet Earth: The 
Urban Explosion (1999) 
Brown Uke Dat - Documentary: 
South Asians and Hip-Hop gives 
a voice to South Asian Mes, 
beatboxers, spoken word artists 
and producers. 7pm in the Cross 
Cultural Center. 

LEC TURES 

HIV/AiDS on the US-Mexico 
Border - Dr. Steffanie Strathdee 
will talk about her research. Light 
lunch provided. 12-1 :30pm in the 
International Center. 

WED NOV 16 
A CADEMIC 

Semlnlr on Survivors of 
Torture: A Large Growing and 
Invisible Population - learn more 
about this marginalized popula-
tion and the consequences of 
torture on victims and families. 
4-5pm at IR/PS 3201. 

AR TS 

Poetry Slamm - Angela Boyce, 
free, 7pm at the Stage at Porte(s 
Pub. 
CINE latinoamericano - Screening 
of "Blossoms of Fire'" and 
"Oulcan Hoops'" in Spanish 
and Zapotec with English sub-
titles. 7pm in Hojel Auditorium, 
Institute of the Americas. 

CAREER 

Intemltlonal Career '.nel 
Panel of experts sharing thoughts 
and experiences on preparing for 
an international career as well as 
tips for finding domestic employ-
ment with international empha-
sis. 2-3 :30pm in the Career 
Services Center. 
Mini lob Fair: International 
Careers - Meet with employers 
and learn about different oppor-
tunities in the international arena. 
11 am-I pm in the Career Services 
Center Plaza. 
Questioninc Career Tr.nsition 
Croup for Ph.D. Students 
- Group workshop on deciding 
whether an academic career or 
other options may be best for you . 
Confidential group environment 
discussion on values, personality, 

s~ills, and goals. 4-S:30pm in the 
Career Services Center. 
Pe.ce Corps Opportunities -
Find out about job opportunities, 
benefits, and the Peace Corps 
application process. S-6:30pm in 
the Horizon Room. 

RE CREATION 

AII-c.mpus Transfer Adlvity 
- Opportunity to meet other 
transfers, staff and to hear from 
the Director of the Study Abroad 
Program. 3:30-5pm in the Ocean 
View Conference Room in TMC. 

SPECIAL EV ENTS 

International FestiYlI - Cultures 
of UCSD students from all over 
the globe in the form of dis- . 
plays, music, dance, humor, food, 
and more. 11 am-2pm on Library 
Walk. 
Thurgood Marshall Week -
Screening of the movie "Crash" 
with free food and followed by a 
discussion. S-7:30pm at Fireside 
lounge. 
CIS Open House-Visit the GIS 
lab in the Geisel library to leam 
more about careers in geography 
and GIS (geographic information 

systems) and meet the GIS coor-
dinator, Dawn Martin. 
Geocnplly TrtYia Contest-first 
annual Geography Trivia Contest. 
Look for world balloons sCattered 
across campus where you will 
find trivia questions. If you have 
the answer, stop by the open 
house for a prize. 

S PORTS 

Women's ...... IIIIS. Alaska-
Fairbanks, 5:30pm. 

THU NOV 17 
AR TS 

-ON .... '" - 7pm screening of the 
first entirely Afghan film shot since 
the rise and fall of the Taliban, 
inspired by the true story of a 12-
year-old girl and her motfler, free 
in Price Center Theater. 
G ..... phy AWllreness Lunch • 
.... m Series-join us at Noon in 
the Geisel library's Seuss Room 
to watch geography-related film: 
longitude (2000) 

CAR EER 

Effectiye Job Search Str ..... 
- learn how to use networking. 
previous experience, and online 
listings. 11 :30am-12 :30pm in the 
Career Services Center. 
GndUlte Study In Intem.tlonlll 
Aftaln - Hear about the nature of 
graduate study in international 
affairs while learning 'how to suc-
cessfully prepare for and apply to 
a variety of programs. 2-3pm in 
the Career Services Center. 
Teachine Encllsh IS a Forel", 
unpap - learn about the ben-
efits and challenges of teach-
ing abroad. 9:30-10:30am in the 
Weaver Room, Institute of the 

. Americas. 
On..(amerl Intervlewinl for 
Academic-Track Ph.D. Students 
- Practice answering faculty hir-
ing committee questions, small 
group setting with constructive 
feedback. 10am-12pm In the 
Career Services Center. 

LEC TURES 

Investlnc for Climate Chance 
- "How One Academic Built Wall 
Street's First Clean Energy Index.~ 
learn about Dr. Robert Wilder 
and his approach. 12-1 :30pm at 
Robinson Auditorium at IR/ps: 

STUD ENT O RGS 

"'FInt Date" -Vietnamese Student 
Association's first semi-formal 
clubbing event. Refreshments, 
dance-off, raffle, contests, all free! 
8: 11 pm at Porter's Pub. 

SP ECI AL EVENTS 

Thankipving Clobal Gounnet 
- Join the I-House chefs in the 
Great Hall kitchen to cook and eat 
a traditional Thanksgiving feast! 
S-8pm. 
Reflections of TMe's History 
- Up close and personal with 
Dr. Joseph Watson, TMC's found-
ing Provost 5-6pm at Eucalyptus 
Point. 

FEATURED EVENT 

E~el(C(_ illtcmationll 
cultures thrOliJh food, filml 
and festivals. . 

The UCSD . ~i#" is 
proud to co-spon~ the 
first annual UCSD lEW: 

11 . 16 F15T1vAt : 
. ,*emationIt"'-

I W.I1, ;,0. 
11. J ,E SEIITAT I 0 .: 
.Teachin~ as a ~ 

~nluale, 9:30.102lOam, 
"'eaver 

1 r.li 
1AIemationai Center cafe 

~ cfren10nY and Lunch, 
12-2pm, International Center 

MORE INFORMATION ONLINE AT IEW.UCSD.EDU 

Sixth CoIlepldol! 7pm at the 
lodge at Sixth College Apartments. 
Will be a great show so come out 
to support our students! 

FRI NOV 18 
ARTS 

"Anns and the Man'" - Show by 
George Bernard Shaw about a 
young woman whose encounter 
with an escaping Swiss merce-
nary causes her to re-evaluate 
her romantic notions of war and 
love. 8pm at the Sheila & Hughes 
Potiker Theatre, $10 tor students. 
Geopaphy Awareness Lunch It 
.... m SerIes-join us at Noon in 
the Geisel library's Seuss Room 
to watch geography-related film: 
Longitude, the conclusion. 
F12 Concert SerIes - Nathaniel's 
Endeavors, free at 12pm on the 
patio at Porte(s Pub. 
Pub After Dark - limbeck and 
Special Guests perform, free at 
7:30pm at Porte(s Pub. 

STU DENT OR GS 

Strides-Golden Spoon Nite, 
2:00-8:00 pm, La Jolla Ralphs 
Location. Come help fundraise 
for Strides rec running club and 
their Rock N' Roll Marathon train-
ing by buying a yummy Golden 
Spoon yogurt! 

SP ECiAl EVENTS 

. Intematlonal Center c." 
Closlnc Ceremony and 
Lunch - Celebrate the end of 
international Education Week 
with food and fun, 12-2pm, $4 in 
the Intemational Center. 
ManMll'aloou - Talent show, 
food, rides, games, and concert, 
all free at TMC Field! 

SAT NOV 19 
AR TS 

MAnns llId the MIIn" - Show by 
George Bemard Shaw about a 
young woman whose encounter 
with an escaping Swiss merce-
nary causes her to re-evaluate 
her romantic notions of war and 
love. 2pm and 8pm at the Sheila 
& Hughes Potiker Theatre, $1 0 for 
students. 
Cinemaniacs Presents: "March of 
the ........ Ins,. - 3, 6, and 9pm 
screenings of the film, $3 in Price 
Center Theater. 
ArtPower - Special Event, Dan 
Zane and Friends. 8pm at 
Mandeville Auditorium. Tickets 

- available at the UCSD Box Office. 
CAR EER 

Coffee. lapis. • Networkinl 
and Interviewing to Win for Alumni 
- Understand how to identify and 
build your own career support 
team. Networking and interview-
ing techniques. 9-11 :30am in the 
Career Services Center. 

WEEKLY 
A CADEMIC 

UCSD Lan ...... Conversation 
TIW. - Bringing together native 
speakers and language learners 
for informal conversation in a for-
eign language. Meetings at Caf~ 
Ventanas, Weeks 2-10. For spe-
cific times and languages, contact 
ihouse@ucsd.edu. 

Rel iGIOUS 

EXPERIENCE CHUICH 
DlFFElENTl Y - Services Sundays 
11 am in the Intemational Center. 
WNW.ExperienceChurchDifferently 
.com 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar. go to www.ucsdguordion.org and link to "Calendar" 
Deadline: Wednesday. 4pm 

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 14.2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

. Soccer: No chance at D .. II title after l6ss Volleyball ends losing 
. streak with sweep conLinued from page 16 Junior Megan Dickey cracked a 

22-yard free kick that bounced off 
the left post in the ninth minute. 

Three minutes later, Dickey 
crafted a brilliant free kick, only 
to have it deflected after fresh-
man Falcon goalkeeper Jennifer 
Burns made a desperate leap to tip 
it away. 

Realizing its opportunities and 
mistakes, Seattle Pacific entered 
the second stanza with a new 
aggressive attitude. 

"They made adjustments and 
we broke down," Cochran said. 

Five minutes into the s(.'Cond 
half, the Falcons quickly capital-
ized on a Triton miscalculation , 
which enabled them to core two 
goals less than three minutes 
apart. 

Falcon freshman Meredith 
Teague propelled a high cross imo 
the box, which sprung up high off 
the turf for the first goal. 

Freshman UCSD goalie Mia 
Shirley briefly backpedaled, which 
pennitted the baLI to go over her 
outstretched arms and enter hard 
against the net. • 

The goal came ~t 50 minutes, 
36 seconds, and was only the sec-
ond Seattle Pacific shot of the 
game. 

Falcon sophomore Sarah 
Martinez added another goal with 
the excitement from the first sti ll 
in the air. 

Martinez took down a high ball 
at the top of the box, touched it 
twice and fired it right-footed into 
the left comer at 53: I O. 

The goal marked the 16th of 
the season for Martinez, with half 
of them acctued in the last seven 
games. 

Later, Martinez endeavored to 
push her team's advantage even 
furth e r when she attempted a 16-
yard shot. However, Shirley dove 

down to carefully manipulate the 
ball from the post in the 70th 
minute. 

The second half was truly dev-
astating for the Tritons. Decisively 
turning the tables on UCSD, the 
Falcons seized an 8-2 advantage 
in shots. 

"We were tight defensively aU 
over but we just didn't come out 
strong," Cochran said. ' 

Any scoring opportunities 
UCSD had in the first half had 
effectively dried up in the second. 

" We were tight 
defensively all over 
but we just didn't 
come out strang." 
- Kelly Cochran. junior 

midfieIcIer 
Bums was forcea to make only 

three saves in the entire game, 
which allowed her to celebrate her 
seventh and the team's 12th shut-
out of the season. 

A hard ball across the crease 
by junior Alise Malley, which 
was brutally tackled away from 
Dickey'S feet, marked the only 
UCSD threat in the second half. 

The Falcons, who have a record 
of 19-0-3, are stiU undefeated and 
will now host a national quarterfi-
nal game on Nov. 19 against the 
winner of the NCAA Midwest 
Regional final between No. 1 
Metro State and Regis University. 

To get to the matchup against 
Seattle Pacific in the regional final, 
the Tritons had to face Cal State 
Dominguez Hills in a rematch of 
the CCAA Championship, which 
the Tritons won on Nov. 6. 

UCSD won the rematch as well, 
winning 1-0 on strong defense and 
a lone goal from freshman Natasha 
Belak-Berger in the 51st minute. 

"Our defense held them solid, 
while their defense was weak," 
Cochran said. 

Despite the fact that Cal Statc 
Dominguez HjJJs controlled the 
action in the first hal f and outshot 
the Tritons 4-1, due to the rypi-
cally stingy Triton defense, they 
were unable to find the back of 
the net. 

"The fi eld was an incred-
ibly wet turf, and the balls were . 
just flying, so our coach IBrian 
McManus] brought in forw~rds 
who could hold the ball so every-
one else could work off them," 
Cochran sa id. 

In the second half, UC D 
made some adjustments after rec-
ognizing the opportunity to uri-
lize the field conditions to their 
advantage. 

The game continued to be a 
scoreless quagmirc un til five min-
utes into the second half. 

Belak-Berger's shot from 16 
yards out deAected off a Toro 
defender and ricocheted to the 
lower left corner of the net past 
freshman goalie Lisa Agramonte 
for the only goal of the game. 

Belak-Berger's momentous 
goal was her eighth of the season, 
the most by any Triton freshman 
on the roster. 

Shirley made three saves in the 
contest wh.i1e facing five Cal State 
Dominguez Hills shots, marking 
her eighth shutout of the season. 

On the other side, Agramonre 
made one save in the match while 
facing six shots from the Tritons. 

The Triton triumph marked 
their third win over the Toros in 
2005 and the second consecutive 
success after posting the 4-3 win in 
the CCAA C hampionship. 

By NICKY BUCHANAN 
Staff Writer 

After a three-g'dJne losing streak 
to Cal State Bakersfield, Cal State 
Los Angeles and Cal Poly Pomona, 
the No. 18 UCSD women's vol-
leyball team finally ca me out on top 
in its last game before the NCAA 
Pacific Regionals, topping Cal 
State Dominguez Hills in straight 
sets on ov. 12. 

Only eight teams will go on to 
compete in the regional tourna-
ment, and the UCSD team waits in 
anticipation for ov. 14, whcn the 
decisions wi ll be an nounced. 

ico le Courtney, who wa s 
recently named to the CoS IDN 
ESP the Magazine Academic AlI -
District VTIl rcam, explained some 
of the problems fa ced by her team. 

"Pomona was rea lly on lOp uf 
their game and we weren 't attack-
ing hard enough from behind the 
service line, but there is not much 
you can do with a 6-foot-3-inch girl 
hitting ovet your block," Courtney 
said. 

Despite the recent struggles, the 
girls came out strong and swept 
Cal State Dominguez Hills with 
final scores of 30-27, 30-2 1, and 
30- IB. UCSD came in slow in the 
first match as Cal State Dominguez 
Hills jumped to a 7-IZ lead and 
held it, due to some Triton errors, 
until UCSD rallied to tie the game 
at 23-23 on a fresh.man Rebecca 
Bailey - kill. Freshman Kimberly 
Carpenter fired off two aces and 
the unstoppable Courtney brought 
ir home with a final kill to make it 
30-27. 

T he Tritons fell behind yet again 
in game two at 7-12 and wouldn't 
make their way back up until a kill 
by sophomore Amber Reis pulled 

Monday, 14th 

them ahead at 17- 16. The Triton~ 
then went on a 6-1 run and added 
four points after a bit of Toro retal -
iation, bringing them to a comfort-
able lead of27-Z0. After a beautiful 
tandem block by junior Brimna 
Koche and Carpenter, UCSD took 
a two-game adva ntage with a 30-2 1 
win in the second game. 

In the final g'Jme, Uc. D rook 
an early lead of 10-5, which it need-
ed ro hold off the battling Toro~. 
The Tritons used an 8-3 run to 
take a larger I ll- 12 lead, with the 
last point comi ng off of a Rei~ ~ ill. 
The six-poi nt Icad proved enough 
and the Tri tons went on to an ultl -
malC game three win of 30- 18. 

Senior Laura \ Vatkim ended the 
game with 11 digs, reaching 40B on 
the cason ancl serung the UCS D 
record for digs in l! single season. 

I lead coach Tom I3lal:k autled a 
bit of praise. 

"Nicole Co urmey docs so lll"ch 
for us and Laura can't be replaced 
as a player or a person," Black 
said. "It is so awesome for them to 
be recognized for those achieve-
ments." 

Black also praised his tea m's 
fierce competitiveness . 

"The team has been really com-
peritive all year long, and have 
had some good' win ," Black said . 
"None of thein had any court expe-
rience before and arc all coming 
back next year to do some more 
damage." 

Courmey had nothing but posi-
rive memories as well. 

"I am really proud of what we 
have done as a team," she saiu. 
"Corning in small and inexperi -
enced. we knew there was a 101 of 
work ahead of u and many chal-
lenges, but we proved we could 
hang with the best of them." 

University Centers is looking for artists 
to display their work in our galleries 

for the school year. Spaces include Tuesday,15th . 

" I 

, . 

Price Center Theatre Lobby, 
Gallery A + B. ' 

., ., 

.. ., . . 

• ~ .. 

Wednesday,16th 

Thursday, 17th 

Friday, 18th 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 
HOLIDAY ISSUE THURS DEC. 1sT! 

(THE FINAL ISSUE OF 2005) AD DEADLINE: WED. 11/23 
24,000 students ond 19,000 foculty ond stoH on 0 
ho/idq shopping rompoge! They're looking for 

Gift certificates Digital Cameras Wine & Alcohol 
DVDs Shoes Sports Equipment 

Albums Gag Gifts Tools & Hardware 
Books Beauty & Spa Clothing & Accessories 

Pe~onal Electronics . Jewelry Novelties 
Cell Phones Skiing! Lift Passes Dorm/Home Decor 
Vided Games Gourmet Food Items 

Advertise With US ... We invite you to use 10.000 Gutln/iofts (20K each 
week? to meet your marketing needs and increase your holiday traffic! Put us to work for 

your business by aliUne 858 534-J467 today or visit our site (www.ucsdguorrJion. 
org/business/imkLhtml) to learn more about your marketing options. It's tllM to.let busy! 



Offense runs dry in 
regional finals match 

By MICHAEL SCHOECK 
Senior Staff Writer 

The o. 13 UCSD women's 
soccer team's sea on has finally 
come to a close, with a 2-0 loss to 

o. 2 eattle Pacific University in 
the final game of the NCAA Far 
West Regional on Nov. 12. The 
loss came after toppling No. 19 
Cal State Dominguez Hills 1-0 in 
the first round to earn a spot in the 
game against the Falcons. 

The Tritons, which came into 
the Seattle ' Pacific game with a 
record of IS-4-0, largely controlled 

the play during the first half. 
"We gave them a [soccer) clinic 

and scared them off," junior mid-
fielder Kelly Cochran said. 

UC D outshot Seattle Pacific 
10-1 in the first half and amassed 
more comer kicks, with a 5-3 edge. 
Still, the team remained bereft of 
a goal. 

"We didn 't do our job - we 
should have scored a goal," Cochran 
said. 

UCSD lost out on two early 
opportunities to take control. 

See SOCCER. Page 15 

Greg Da"~/(j'lJOrc1ion 
Hang on: Sophomore niidfielder Ali Lai and the Tritons finished off their 2005 season 
with a 1055 to Seattle Pacific on Nov. 12 after winning the CCAA Championship. 

WoInen's voIeybaII 
The Tritons beat Cal 

State Dominguez Hills in 
straight sets to close out 

their regular season. 
,..14 

MONIMY 
NOVEMBER 14, 2005 

16 

New coach wins in opener 
Connor scores '26 to lead Tritons 

By LAUREN IUQO 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's baSket-
ball team is chomping at the bit of 
3J1other opportunity to participate 
in the NCAA Division n tourna-
ment this season. Eager and raring 
to go, the Tritons lOcked off their 
2005-06 exhibition season with a 
dominating 79-4S win against the 
Biola University Eagles on Nov. 
II at Chase Gym in La Mirada, 
Calif. 

The team took control of 
the game quickly with superior 
offense. With four of the Triton 
women scoring in the d.ouble dig-
its, the squad dictated the con-
test. Freshman Cecily Connor led 
the team in her collegiate debut, 
scoring 26 points on 11 of 15 
shots from the floor. Sharpshooter 
Connor also grabbed a team-high 
seven rebounds and five steals. 
Junior transfer. Krystle Flower, 
from College of San Mateo, racked 
up 13 points and four rebounds to 
contribute to the effon. 

Junior guard Leora Juster, who 
averaged 14.7 points per game last 
season and earned All-California 
Collegiate Athletic Association 
honors, scored another 13 points, 
as did fellow returning junior 
guard Kim Buffum. Juster, voted 
best offensive player by the team 
last year, went nine-for- 10 from 
the free-throw line, while Buffum, 
who played in each of the 27 
games last season, was two-for-
four from behind the three-point 
line. Buffum's three-point contri-
butions accounted for aU but one 
of the UCSD three-pointers In 

See BASKmALL. Page '3 

Greg Da~/Guotdian 
Snakebite: Junior guard Leora Juster loses control of the ball after contact from 
an Arizona defender in the Tritons 94-71 win over the Venom on Nov. 13. 

Fencing teams go undefea~ 
UCSD tops ASU, UCLA in Pasadena 

Second .... year coach, 
player to lead UCSD. 

By ANGIE LIN 
Associate Sports Editor 

The UCSD men's and wom-
en's fencing teams proved them-
selves to be strong competitors in 
their second matchup of the sea-
son in Pasadena, Ca lif. , with both 
teams going undefeated against 
top school in the nation in a 
dual meet hosted by Cal Tech on 

ov. 5. 
T he men defeated Arizona 

Sta,te University 21-6, and then 
went on to overwhelm University 
of Southern Ca lifornia 23-
4, UCLA 21-7 and UC Santa 
Barbara 23-4, their las t match of 
the day. 

cross the way, the women 
looked equa lly strong with four-
straight wins, beating Arizona 
State 21-6, toppling USC 24-3, 
defeati ng the Bruins 25-2 and 
then allowing UC Santa Barbara 
to score only one point in the 26-
I victory. 

The women's foil sq uad, con-
sisting of seniors Emily Lipoma, 
Zion Kachru and Jen Chun, went 
34-2 in the meet, while the sabre 
squad of seniors Esther Sosis, 
Heather Bienenfeld and Kathleen 
Pangan, and the epee squad, com-
posed of seniors Chelsea Ambort, 
lleather Stephenson, Grace Bohn 
and Elise Goodman-Tuchmeyer, 
were both 31 -5. 

Both Ambon and Chung went 
undefeated through the entire 
meet while Bienenfeld, Lipoma 

and Kachru took only one loss. 
The men's sabre sq uad of 

seniors Bret Martin, Jeremiah 
Runyan and Ja on Runyan did 
equally well, posting a 31-5 score 
in the tournament, with Martin 
and Jeremiah Runyan raking in 12 
victories each and Jason Runyan 
only posting one defeat. 

The men's foil squad, consisting 
of seniors John Chung, Cameron 
Sprowles and Dave Eltgroth, went 
2S-S in the meet, with Sprowles 
raking II victories and only one 
defeat. The men 's epee squad of 
seniors David Brang, Kevin Watt, 
Dave Polakoski and Ashok Pathi 
went 24-12 in the toumaQlent, 
falling in a very close match to the 

Bruins 4-5, but easily outmaneu-
vering the three other schools. 

In their last matchups, the 
men and women dominated the 
Collegiate Invitational held at 
UC Irvine on Oct. 23. With a 
field of almost 200 fencers, the 
women brought home five of 12 
medals, while the men took half 
the medals in competitions that 
featured fencers from Cal State 
Fullenon, USC, UC Irvine, UC 
Santa Barbara, UCLA, Cal Tech 
and Arizona State. 

The men's and women's teams 
will host their next match against 
Cal Tech, Cal State Fullenon and 
UC Irvine on Nov. 12 at the Main 
Gym. 

Gfea o.le/Guordian 
Foiled plan: Senior foil Emily Lipoma led the women's team to repeated victories, 

• Vihile the men's team' also breezed through its matches on Nov. 5 in Pasadena. 

~up 0' 
Joe 

Joe Tevelowitz 

Sophomore point guard Andrew Hatch was awarded the CCAA Freshman of the Year trophy 
in his inaugural season with the 
Tritons last year and is now looking 
to lead the team to the CCAA title 
in 2005. This is the continuation of 
the GUllrditm 's interview with Hatch 
about the Tritons' head coach Bill 
Carr, Hatch's leadership abilities 
and the Tritons chances this season. 

~,.: Does the fact that 
the current team contains .seven 
freshmen and only one senior ' 
have you worried about experi-
ence and maturity? 
Hatch: Not necessarily. Last year, 
we had older guys, but we still laded 
chemistry and leadership abilities. 
This year we all get along a lot bet-
ter. Plus, we have people, like Robby 
[peters, UCSD guard), who have 
been playing for three years. This is 
my second year now. It seems like 
we all just know what we need to 
do to win and we just go out there 
and do it. 

G: Will the youth of the team 
help in years to come as you 
grow togaher and COIl~ue add-

ing pieces to the puzzle? 
H: Definitely. I thinK what the 
coach was trying to do by recruiting 
so many people was prepare for the 
future. He's not forgetting about 
right now; he's establishing a team. 
I think we're going to surprise a lot 
of people. 

G: Which nonretuming player 
from last year's team do you feel 
is the biggest loss? 
H: I'd have to say last year's cap-
tain, Parker [Berling, fonner UCSD 
forward]. Parker is just such a great 
athlete. This wovld have been his 
fourth year playing and everyone 
lcind of lOOked up to him. 

G: Can you discuss why Parker 
didn't return this ye:u? 
H: It's just hard going from one 
coach to another coach. He got 
used to the system under [fonner 
UCSD men's b-.lSketball head coach 
Greg] Lanthier. Carr is a lot stricter 
than Lanthier, from what I've heard, 
and Parker just didn't want to play 
anymore. 

G: On the flip side, which new-
comer will have the biggest 
impact this year? 
H: We have two newcomers; actu-
ally, we have a lot of newcomers, but 
there [are) two specifically. There's 
a freshman named DanyI [Lawlor, 
UCSD forward] and he has just 
been turning it on big time during 

See HAItH. Page 13 


