
~ IIId Sirens 
Opinion 
Column 
Campus Calendar 
era_ vord Puzzle 
Classifieds 10 

SPORTS 

~ 
Men's water polo 
beats San 
Bernardino 10-1. 
page 12 

THE. UCSD 

UC SAN DIEGO TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2005 

Workers to vote on strike 
Talks between union, university reach impasse 

By BENJAMIN BArnETT 
Staff Writer 

University of California service 
workers represented by the 
American Federation of State, 
County and Municipal Employees 
may strike, due to a collapse in 
negotiations between the union 
and the university. 

"The fact that this is being 
considered means there's a critical 
problem at [the universIty] with its 
service workers," said Jessica 
Lopez, an AFSCME Local 3299 
organizer and 2002 John Muir 
College alumna. "Since the 
union's inception in 1983, there 
has never been a vote to strike." 

Although she would not dis-
close the exact date, Lopez said 
that a stri ke vote is scheduled for 
mid-March, with informal polls 
showing the majority of members 
favoring the strike. 

"Service workers love helping 
students on campus and wish they 
didn't have to strike," Lopez said. 
"But everybody here is pumped 
because this is about grassroots 
organizing to change the California 
system in several important ways." 

See STRIKE, Page 3 

Johnny Vy/Cuordion 
Strike out: The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees 
Local 3299 rallied on campus on Feb. 15 to prepare for a mid-March strike vote. 

VOLUME 11+, ISSUE 15 

Ca-mpus revenue hit 
new record in 2004 

By KATE McELHINNEY 
Staff Writer 

Revenues for UCSD grew to a 
record $1.9 billion in 2004, com-
pared to $1.8 billion in the year 
before, according to the university's 
updated annual financial report, 
which was released ea rlier this 
month. 

Of the university's total revenue 
for last year, $638.9 million came 
from grants and contracts, includ-
ing money from the federal govern-
ment.· The amount was a new 
record, representing a 9.5 3 -percent 
increase over the 2003 total of 
$583.3 million, accordmg to the 
university. 

Despite the overall increases in 
money collected by the campus, the 
amount of fund provided by the 
state of California ' fell in 2004, 
according to the data. In 2003, state 
educational appropriations totaled 
$295 .7 million, but then declined 
by 9.2 percent to $268.5 million in 
2004, the report shows. 

In addition, the state cut spend-
ing for public service and academic 
preparation programs by $1 mil-
lion, according to Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Resource 
Management Margaret F. Pryatel. 

"1 have seen the ups and downs 
since I've been around," Pry,nel 
said about the state fu nding cut.. 
"[The statistics] are very chJngt!-
able." 

Of the tota l gra I1t monty 
received by the universlry, 2 
million went to UCSD chool of 
Medicine, the general campu> 
received $242 .6 milli on and 108 .9 
million wa awarded to the Scnpp. 
Institution of Oceanography, 
according to the annual tinanclal 
report. 

T he increa e in students an I 
faculty and the expansion of the 
research center and ho ' pitals all 
contributed to the revenue 
growth, according to Pryatt!1. She 
said these increases are expectt!d 
and normal. 

"Tuition fees and federal funds 
went up," Pryatel said . "So ' [the 
increa e] is not surpri ing." 

Tuition and sUldent fee revenue 
for the 2004 school yea r increased 
20.94 percent from the year before, 
to $144.9 million, the report stated. 

Federal fu nding for medical 
research at UCSD grew by 35 
million in 2004. The ca mpus' med-
ical centers received $498 .3 million 

See REVENUE, Page 2 

A.C.E. calls for change 
in college tenure process 

Housing, dining changes approved 
By SHANNON EUOT 

Senior Staff Writer 

University leaders must take 
urgent measures to alter the cur-
rent procedure of awarding tenure 
to faculty members, according to a 
recen t report released by the 
American Council 011 Education. 
The February report, based on lec-
ommendations from the National 
Panel of Presidents and 
Chancellors, advocates creati ng 
more flexible tenure-track faculty 
career paths at higher education 
instiUltions nationwide. 

The report found that an 
increasing number of new doctor-
ates are leaving academia or are pur-
suing careers outside the traditional 
tenure-track path. Many are forced 
to do so because of the tightening 
academic job market in a wide range 

of disciplines, the report stated. 
In addition, women and other 

faculty with family or unusually 
heavy care-giving responsibilities 
favor jobs that are not permanent 
positions on university faculties in 
order to gain a better balance 
between personal and career life, it 
sta ted . 

The report recommends that 
institutional leaders create hos-
pitable environments to welcome 
and support a diverse faculty by 
meeting changing needs through-
out their careers and developing 
policies that encourage flexible 
career paths to help faculty balance 
personal and professional issues. 
Among other points, the report 
suggests that schools create flexi-
bility in the periods in which 

See TENURE. Page 3 

WEATHER SPOKEN SURF 
'Very, very few REPORT 

students and 1/22 
Feb.U Feb.» fXlrents consider triples v.lnd: 15 Itt H58LSO H 62L 47 Height: 3·5 It 

as an 'opportunity.'" Waler Temp.: 57·59 deg. 

-MllkP.~ 1/13 v.lnd: 15 Itt Feb. 14 Feb. l5 ~~ ..... Height: 3·5 It 
H6H~ H6H49 ",seMcis Water Temp.: 57-59 deg. 

COITlllluters to receive Dining Dollars option in plan 
By CHRlmNE CLARK 

Staff Writer 
Commuter students WIll soon 

be able to purchase university 
meal plans and campus residents 
will be given the option of living 
in triple rooms at a discounted 
rate under two proposals 
approved by the On-Campus 
Residential and Dining Services 
Advisory Committee. 

The committee backed a plan 
to allow students who live off-
campus to purchase Dining 
Dollars - meal points accepted at 
eateries run by Housing and 
Dining Services - after a group 
of former students first 'offered the 
idea, according to HDS Director 
Mark P. Cunningham. 

Dining Dollars, which will be 
a ailable for purchase this spring, 
will be offered 1 faculty and staff 
as well. ; 

"The idea came from a group 
of students led by (Thurgood 
Marshall College junior senator) 
Kate Pillon, who were residents 
last year and brought it to me, so 
they deserve the credit," 
Cunningham stated in an e-mail. 
"It's a totally voluntary dining 
program option, and I don't really 
know how it will be received, 
which is why we are moving to 
roll it out now instead of waiting 
until next fall. But the same pro-

Jessica Horton/Guordian 
Triple discount Students will now have the option of living in triple rooms at a 
discounted price. under a new policy approved by a housing and dining committee. 
gram will be available next year .. , 
and then we'll evaluate its suc-
cess." 

Although TritonPlus, an elec-
tronic debit account accepted on 
campus, is available to all students, 
the new option will allow com-
muter students to purchase 
Dining Dollars at a rate 10 per-
cent below their spending power 
at campus dining facilities . 
Students also don't have to pay 
sales taxes if they use Dining 
Dollars, according to Pillon. 

"The junior senators and I 
were brainstorming ideas of issues 
that affect our shared constituency 

- juniors," PilJon said. " A couple 
of them had noticed that when 
you pay cash at dining halls, you 
get taxed, whereas with Dining 
Dollars, you don't. And that was 
the springboard to the idea of 
offering a much-reduced meal 
plan for commuters." 

The Housing and Dining com-
mittee voted unanimously in favor 
of implementing the new dining 
policy, according to John Muir 
College Residential Dean Pat 
Danylyshyn-Adams. 

"If you buy the minimum, 

See CHANGES, Page 6 



2 NEWS 

I BRIEFLY 
Group mobilizes against 

Perkins Loan cuts 
The Coal ition of Higher Education 

Assistance Organizations has launched a grass· 
roots campaign to derail President George W. 
Bush's proposal to eliminate the Perkins Loans 
from next year's federal budget. 

The group, which represents more than 
300 education advocates and commercial 
interests, has said that Bush's plan to increase 
Pell Grants by $500 over the next five years 
would not make up for the Perkins pr~ram, 
which allows campuses to dirediy offer Inter-
est-free loans to low-income students. An aver-
age loan totals approximately $2.000, the 
group stated in a press release, 

"In America, we believe in equal opportuni-
~. that everyone should at least have the 
opportunity or deserves the chance to attend 
college regardless of their personal finances,' 
COHEAO president Alisa Abadinsky stated in 
the release. "Eliminating the Perkins Loan pro-
gram will deny countless needy students the 
ability to attend college~' 

The president has phased out funding for 
the loans over the past several budgets, and 
the program's role in financial aid has eroded 
over the years since the creation of the subsi-
dIzed Stafford loans, 

State senator introduces 
Angelides endowment plan 

State Assembly Majority Leader Dario 
Frommer (D-Los Angeles) has introduced leg-
islation to establish a $5 billion "California Hope 
Endowment" to create funds for the state's low-
income college-bound students. 

The plan, sponsored and initially developed 
by State Treasurer Phil Angel ides, would sell off 
some of California's real-estate assets to create 
the seventh-largest higher-education endow-
ment in the natIon. 

'Ioday, with college tuition rising sharply 
and funding for college preparatory programs 
under threat in both tile state and federal bud-
gets, young Californians face increasing chal-
lenges to prepare for and pay for college," 
Angelides said in a Feb. 17 news conference 
announcing the plan. 'With the California Hope 
Endowment, the dream of college will come 
true for more Californ ians~ 

The bill, AB 593, "Yould turn over approxi-
mately $5 bIllion in state-owned lands man-
aged by the Department of General Services to 
a public trust corporation, which would be 
managed like a business and generate returns, 
according to Angelides, 

After its start-up, the endowment is project-
ed to generate $300 million in annual revenue 

Clayton WOrfolk 

Mather Martin 
Grant Schradet 
Nathan Miklos 
Heather Welles 

Copy Editols 

Vladimir Kogan ..... EcIItGf 
Lisa Mak AIsedIee .... EdIIar 

Marianne Madden 0pInIaa Edton 
Bryan lsao 

Matthew Grant Spotts ,EcIIlof 
Cynthia Blade ChMz Auadate ·5poItI EdItor 

Hans feUmann Fellures Editor 
Jia Gu Associate Fe«wes Edlton 

Christine PH 
Ian S, Port ... EIIW 
Sarah Mak Assodata .... EdItorI 

Neha Sinsh 
lri1vis Ball Photo EtIItor 

Anna MacMurdO AuaciIte Photo editor 
Andrew Nguyen DeIicn Editor 

Ecfltorill AssIstant 
Patrick Allen 
PICe Layout 

Richard (hoi, Iii Gu, laWIence Hui, Utako Ueda 
Copyludln 

Emily Allen, Christy Factor, Melanie Smith, Ami 
Thakor 

Noelle Chartier BusinaI ......., 
Michael Foulks AdverUsInc ....... 
Mike Martinez AdverUsInc Art DiIIdar 

THE UCSD OUARDIAN lUESDAY. FEBRUARY ZZ. ZOOS 

- enough, for example, to double the amount 
the state currently spends on outreach and aca-
demic outreach programs from all sources. 

Archaeologists find earlier 
proof of biblical city 

A team of experts working in Jordan, led by 
UCSD archeology professor Thomas Levy, has 
found evidence supporting the historical accu-
racy of the Old Testament. 

In a study published in the current issue of 
the British joumal Antiquity, the researchers 
present findings pointing to the existence of the 
biblical nation of Edom at least as early as the 
10th century B.c., in the era of kings David and 
Solomon, Previously, most recent scholarship 
had put the earliest date for the establishment 
of the city two centuries later, 

Until the current findings, scholars had 
argued that the numerous biblical references to 
ancient Israel's interactions with Edom could 
have been invalid. 

The new results show the presence of 
complex societies - perhaps even a kingdom 
- much earlier than previously thought, sug-
gesting that the interactions cited in the Bible 
could have in fact taken place. 

Rare stem cells may help 
fix damaged hearts 

Researchers at UCSD's School of Medicine 
have found the first evidence of rare, special· 
ized stem cells located in the hearts of new-
boms that may someday allow for the replace-
ment of damaged heart tissue. 

Called "is 11 +" cells, these progenitor cells 
are made up of stem cells programmed to 
form heart muscle during fetal growth. Until the 
discovery, such cells were thought by experts to 
be absent after birth, 

However, a UCSD team discovered a small 
number of the specialized cells in the atria of 
newboms, and later determined that the cells 
could be harvested by growing them on a layer 
of neighboring heart tissue, 

calm part of human genetic 
variation mapping study 
Computer scientists at two UC-affiliated 

research centers have teamed up with corpo-
rate biologists to map key genetic signposts 
across three human populations. 

Published in Science, the findings could make 
the analysis of human variation' based on whole-
genome data wide~ accessible, and speed efforts 
to pinpoint DNA variations associated with dis-
eases, according to a university statement 

Mu ...... ' , peel 
Stltylel' 

....... U.[' ... 
T~Xionc 
WI" petr 
Josh Rose 

AMItiII. DlIIp ....... 
Shelley MatsutIni 

aRiIIIIIDII 
Albert lamuda, LeInf Pho Han 

Thf! tx:SD Gucrd\:Jls ~ MoI1diIis 1I1d".... 
~ tI1e~.,.. bv IIld /gr"...., atUCSD. 
Rl!ptcW:lb1 at tNs.....,.. i\,.,., bn\. ...... 111 
\'\hlIe or in pII\, wihIut paJT8ioo "tOidtt ~ 0 
2005. lOll t9lIS ....-I. 17It /ICS() G#dir)" f10I ~ 
bIe lor tI1e _ atlftOklllld ~ «1ft 'I1Ie.o..s 

eq>II!S~hIMin do ru.-lv ...... ~aI 
Thf! tx:SD ~ the ~ at c.womr. or 
_iIIed 5nJdlftS, Thf! UCSD Guaniar! it Mlded lOIeIy 
by ~iM&- llfe'u ~ Grab I pIIa! MId aet on tint. 

General EdilDtMI: 858-94-6581 
HeM and f'NIuIft: 858-5~226 

Opinion, Spons. PhoIo: 858-53W582 
ttiatllS: 858-5J406583 

Advertbinc Office: 858-5J40J4Ci6 
Fa: ... SJ4-Ntt 
E-m4i/:~ 

~ONUNE 
_ .ucsdlulrdian·OfI 

me UCSD CiuImIItIn 
9500 GII_ DIM, OJl. 
... Jolla. CA nOtJ.eS,. 

N:IIIOIIocoIIon: S«ottd,.... IJCSD 
Sludent C.-. tIIdg. A Itoom 2'., 

I ETCETERA ••• 

Riley Salant·Pearce/GuonflOn 

I LIGHTS & SIRENS 
Monday, Feb. 14 

10:33 a.m.: A staff member reported the 
theft of a computer at Nirenberg HalL Loss: 
$>00, 

Tuesday, Feb. 15 
9:30 a.m.: A student reported the theft 

of a si lver Rocky Mountain SLWO moun-
taill bike from the north side of Pepper 
Canyon Hall. Loss" $300, 

12:50 p.m.: A student reported the theft 
of a blue and white Specialized Stump 
Jumper mountain bike from York HaiL Loss: 
$1,600. 

4:45 p.m.: A studenr repo rted burglary ' 
at Stewart HalL Loss: $1,600, 

Wednesda~ Feb. 16 
9:43 a.m.: A staff member reported a 

threatening e-maiL 
10:25 a.m.: A staff member reported the 

theft of food items from the Club Med 
Coffee Carr. Loss; $21 ,50, 

12:18 p ,m .: A student reported the theft 
of a gray Specialized Hardrack mountain 
bike from the Pepper Canyon Hall bike 
racks, Loss: $150. 

2:12 p.m.: A biue 1'19'1 ChevTOlet Astro 
van was towed from Lot 703 due to registra-
tion that has been expired for more than six 
months. 

Thursday, Feb. 17 
1 I a.m.: A student reported the theft of 

a black and yellow GT mountain bike at the 
east rack of Peterson HaiL Loss: $350. 

8:32 p.m,: A student reported the theft 
of an identification card and a credit card 
from an unknown lecture haiL Loss: $H. 

Friday, Feb, 18 
12:26 a.m.: Officers detained an 18-

year-old male student at the Sixth College 
Apartments for being drunk in public. 
Transporud to detox, 

2:30 a.m,: A 19-year-old male student 
suffered alcohol poisoning at Sixth College 
Residence Hall. Transported to Tbornton 
Hospital by paramedics. 

Saturday, Feb. 19 
1:35 p .m .: A staff member reported bur-

glary at Student Center B. Loss: S800. 
4:31 p .m,: Officers detained a 15-year-

old male nonaffiliate at Friars Road for po -
session of less than 28,5 grams of marijuana. 
RtleoStd to pormrs. 

6:08 p.m.: Officers arrested a 64-year-
old male nonaffiliate at Holiday Court and 
Villa La Jolla Drive for driving under the 
influence of alcohol. Booked mto Comity 
DetmNrm Facility , 

Sunday, Feb. 20 
12:54 a.m.: A staff member reported the 

theft of a silver G07 mountain hike from the 
Visual Arts Facility east bike racks , Loss: 
$360. 

1:33 p.m.: A student reported the theft 
of a navy blue Schwinn Mesa men's moun-
tain bike from the rear of Plaza Cafe. Loss: 
$150, 

8:49 p.m.: A 19-year-old female student 
attempted suicide at Goldberg Hall. 
Trll1lSf1orted to Thomton Hospital by para- , 
medics. 

- Compiled by Usa Male 
Associau News Editor 

Revenue: University expects total 
for campus to hit $2 billion in 2005 

continued from page I 
last year, compared to $455.9 million in 
2003, according to the annual financial 
report. 

"There have been no more substantial 
cuts in research/' Pryatel said, referring to 
cuts in federal funding in recent years, 

Pryatel said it is difficult to compare 
UCSO's revenue standings to other UC 
campuses because of the differences in 
research facilities and the various needs in 
those departments , 

"They may not be as big a research 
engine as us," Pryatel said. 

With a substantial increase in 2004 rev-
enue, the university predicts that the total 
will hit the $2 billion mark in 2005, accord-
ing to a campus statement, 

Pryatel said she too remains posi tive. 
"The 2005-06 school year looks good," 

she said. 

Reaikrs con rellch Kate McElhinney at 
cmcelhin@ucsd.edu. 

lUESDAY. FEBRUARY 22. 200S 

. S.trike: Service workers, 
UC at odds over pay hikes 

continued from page I 
University administrators, how-

ever, have played down the possi-
bih ty of a strike , 

"1 haven't heard anything about 
a strike," said Noel Van Nyhuis, a 
labor-relations spokesman for the 
UC Office of the Preside nt. 
"[However, ill such an instance) 
we'd make plans to ensure services 
go on as planned , We would have 
to be well prepared." 

The wliversity and the union 
have remained at odds after they 

. fai led to reach an 3/,'Teemcnt during 
negotiations on a new employment 
contract for service workers, '1l1e old 
contract expired on Jan . 31. 
Although a mediator lVas hrought in 
to bre .. k the deadlock, no prol,'l'css 
was made in fostering a deal. 

"There I~ an enormuus number 
uf tssues that wc have not dgreed 
upon," said Paul Worthman, the 
union's chief negotiator. "On the 
major is ues, both partie are very 
11rm in their positions ," 

In most negotations, a fact-
finding panel is formed to study 
'lJId report on the issues when sllch 
an impasse occurs . I lowel er, the 

m~ lialor recommended against 
tiltS in t he current case, clti ng the 
depth of disagreement between the 
two sides, \Vorthtnan said. 

Perhaps the most contenu o us 
issue dIviding the uniun Jnd the 
university tS the question of f,'ltaran-
teed pay raises for servtce worker , 

"~lost UC work(!rs work two 
jobs to make ends meet." ;aid 
Robert Hardrick, a st::nior butlding 
maintenance worker who serves n 
[he executive board of the union . 
"We're not aslcing for anrthlllg we 
don't deserve '" JUSt enough money 
to hri ng workers a bove the poverty 
line." 

Union officials have argued that 
UC sen~ce workers arc compara-
tively underpaid and cite pay 
increases in other UC departments 
as evidence that the university can 
afford the r~ise . 

"The university hands big 
bon uses to medical -ce nter and 
other employees throughout the 
sys tem, including shrimp and 
caviar for the chancellor," 
Worthman said, "But the people 
who prepare food and clean the 
grounds .. , the university simply 
docsn't care about," 

The universi ty has strongly 
denied the union's claim. 

" \Ne greatly appreciate the 
work and dedication uf our senice 
workers," Van yhui said. "We 
offer market-competitive wages " . 
tr<!ating all our employt>es with 
dignity and respect." 

The universi ty has cited several 
years of state budget horrfalls and 
cuts in university funding as 
responsible tor the inability to 
offer guaranteed pay increases. 

" \o\'e rely on sta te funding for 
our salary increases," Van yhuis 
said.., "We've tried other ways to 
compensate fo r the lack of funding, 
Including a sa lary-backed structure 
for he:llth care premiums and twO 
additional paid days off in the holi-
day sea n, but it's tate fund that 
govern increases. " 

;\ budget proposed by Gov. 
.\mold ' chwarzeneggcr promi cs 
greater state funding for the uni-
I'crsity in the 2005-06 fiscal year. 
These funds would a1low the uni-
versity to provide pay raises to all 
UC employees, including those in 
service jobs, Van yhuis aid. 

Rfflderr call CO/lTocr Bm Bon/ITT or 
ben_bartlettll@hotmail.com. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Tenure: UCSD to make revisions in tenure track 
continued from page I 

departments evaluate professors 
for permanent appointment, with-
Out altering the academic stan-
dards or criteria , 

"The issue of having more flex-
ibility for tenure has been an is ue 
for a long time," said Claire Van 
Ummersen, vice pre ident and 
director of the A.C.E.'s Office of 
Women in Higher Education. 
"Right now, there exists a very 
inflexible career cycle f9r many 
women and an increa ing number 
of men . [The reportj i~ an attempt 
to look systematically at studic 
done about the tenure track and 
understa nd how they can be l11ade 
1110re flexible. \Ve are trying to 
design a new, idea l ystem." 

The [cnure process has tradi-
tionally been an etght-year procc-
dure that includes sU'ict deadline 
every twO years, wi th I i ttl e room 
for faculty to have a life outside 
research or time to handle uncx-
pected emergencies, according to 
U SO Academic Senate Chair 
and anthropology profe 'sor 
Donald Tuzin. 

UCSD is in the early stages of 
discussion to implemellt measures 
similar to tho e advocated br 
A.C.E, 

" INc don 't want to make the 
academic requirements for tenure 
any less rigid , bur UCSO is 
putting in procedures to make it 
more rcali tic for women and aca-
demic couplc~ to reach a tenured 
positioll." Tuzin said, 

According to Van Ummersen, 
the effort to make the tenure 
proces; more flexible would bene-

. fit not only faculty members with 
familie , btl[ also the entire college 
community and the c untry as a 
whole. 

"We need many more men and 
women in the higher education 

system to handle the increase in 
studenr population." Van 
Ummersen said. "We arc also los-
ing a lot of foreign faculty to their 
home countries, particularly in the 
fields of science and engineering, 
and we will need to fill those posi-
tions with U.S. citizens. For the 
U .S. to be competitive in a world 
economy, it needs ... a highly edu-
ca ted workforce, which means it 
needs to have ... more high-level 
faculty at collegcs," 

Young academics, especially 
wumen, are finding they can bcr-
ter balance their professional and 
personal lives in other positions, 
Van IlIll1crscn said. 

"Ideally, we are working to 
make 3 career in academia com-
petitive with the corporate world ," 
she said. 

he also said thaI. large num-
ber uf faculty mcmbers will bc 
retiring in the next 10 years and 
replacements will be needed t fill 
the voids. 

A.C.E. Associate Project 
Director loria Thomas sa id that, 
while the report is an effort to sug-
gest and implement more measw'es 
for flexible tenure, a t1Iajor goal is to 
coordinate such efforts among as 
many campuses a~ pussible. 

" ome of these recommenda -
tions have been tlnplemented at 3 
handful uf instinltions on an Jd-
hoc basis. bllt have not yet been 
institutionalized ," Thol1la. said, 
"There has been a lot of inrerest 
on the pan of univcr ities In the 
full report. Discus ions ,Ire begin-
ning to take pia e on campuses, 
although we are not at a point 
where policies are in place ye t," 

Thomas said he was not sure 
about a definite timeline for the 
implementation of the group 's 
recommendation , but said she is 
hopeful that some success can bc 

seen in the next few years. 
"Higher education can take ils 

time," Thomas aid, "We hope to 
have a sense in the next five rea rs 
as to how effective this will be ." 

Tuzin said CSD fir t slaned 
dIscussing these t sues 10 to I " 
years ago and is contilluoU Iy 
loolcing for ways to il1lprol'c . I Ie 
also said that many other school ' 
are no\ taking measures to m:tke 
the Idea or tenure 1110re appeal in !! 
to faculty, parltcularol y women ,Ind 
minori tics. 

"Thts is becoming a tIlore 
widespread tlI()I'emCnt, and the 

Unil'er~ity of Califorlli.l, particu -
larly U .SI), has been vcry ,cml-
uve to lhe>e is,ue~," he ;'aid . HI 
would he lurpn,ed if all)' ot hl' r 

1I1l1l'cr~i ltes arc furthe r ahe.lt! dun 
us rega r ling the e pruct'JlIrc~. " 

'Tb enhance retrUl t tlIellt 
efforts. A.C.E. said that univer,l -
ties must abolish penalties m the 
hiring proce I for IIldll'iduab wh 
have taken time off from work to 
take care of )'oung or .Iihng fam.!} 
membe rs , ur to a ttend to ot ht:r 
pressing persollal malters. 

"Right nOli there i, an Ille.1 
'1Illong profc;s rs that if ther take 
leavc, thev would he ; een ;t~ Ie" 
CUl11ll1l1te;1 ami mi ght be 1'",,,,,<1 
up for a prolllolion I.tler do" II the 
line," saidJuhn Curti s, Direc tor oj' 
Research for the Amcnclll 
t\ elatlOIl of UtltITr~il\' 
Profcs ors. "There need, to IlL :t 
cul tural ch:mge ;ltllong rhe prole,-
sors .IS well as .In instltutlol1,11 
cha nge. ft 's important for Lln.!t\ 
to take time and initiatc Ihem-
elves ancllllake re omlllcntl.llIOn, 

to c hange faculty carcer path.," 
Curti' organization did not 

take a stance 0 11 the A.C. E. repon. 

Rfode,-s can COllfl/O ' 1;111111011 1!'/lIJr III 
ncws I@ucsclguardian.org, 

i~1j UNIVERSITY CENTERS WEEK EIGHT 

- . GUEST PROFESSOR 

AMY BINDER 
(SOCiology Department) 

~() 
WED, FEB 23 

12pm· .... 

FOR MORE INFORMATION, CALL 858.822.2068 OR VISIT HTTP://THEUNIVERSITYCENTERS.UCSD.EDU 



• 

TUESDAY 
FEBRUARY 12. 1005 

4 

What lies In store for SRTV? · 
Porn airing demonstrates SRTV's 

need for more oversight 
Administration should not blow 

porn controversy out of proportion 
By MARIANNE MADDEN 

Opinion Editor 
normally above airing pornography. By ROBIN MARIE AVERBECK 

Senior Staff Writer 
pornography is a recent exa mpl e of a. calll-
pus publicity stu nt, but it is hardly the only 
one. Others include controversial issues of 
the Koala, such as "Jizzlam," and demonstra-
tions like the Queer People of Color's "kiss-
in" on Library Walk last week. All these 
incidents have one thing in common : 
provocative behavior intended to is ue a 
challenge by demanding attention, whether 
positive or negative - and . a ll too often, 
unfortunately, it's the laner. A reaction is 
produced and builds upon itself: The si mple 
reporting of news becomes news, and the 
appropriate response is lost in the commo-
tion that results. 

Want to bait the administration? Look no further than airing home-made pornography on Student-
Run l elevision. Need a trite justification? 
Cite free speech rights. 

Ah, if only it worked as intended . 
U nfortunately, Koala edilOr and A.S. 
Elections Manager Steve York's televised 
encounter could come back 10 haunr both 
him and the entire institution of SRTV. 

Yet York, either disingenuously or igno-
randy, claims this video was aired to highlight 
free-speech concerns. If freedom - of speech 
or otherwise - is the goal, airing porno-
graphic segments is a nearly foolproof way to 
ensure that SRTV's freedom will be restricted. 
York should stick to crude sex acts and leave 
the philosophizing about free speech to peo-
ple who can tell interesting progranuning 

Pushing the envelope is the controversy of choice at universities. Student orga-nizations - bursting with the ambi-
tions and energies of recently liberated 
young adults - feel inclined to enjoy their 
liberty as much as possible. Yet they 
nonetheless exist within an institution that 

Pushing the envelope of obscenity is 
hardly the way to make a legitimate point 
about students' free-speech rights; instead, 
it's an invitation to censorship by an admin -
istration that had no problem wi~ tem-
porarily canning Student-Run Television 
once before. 

That's not to say, however, that the 
administration should even bother to cen-
sure SRTV because o f the incident. 
Censorship, punishment, or even a shut-
down won't protect SRTV's members from 
their own foolishness. If SRTV has any 
sense of self-preservation, it will u e this 
inCident as incentive to put together a sys-
tem of programming oversight. Those in 
charge of SRTV's programming showed a 
surprising lack of judgment in allowing the 
video to air. That's not because the segment 
was necessarily offensive, obscene, or unsa-
vory to RTV's viewers, but beca use they 
should've known the video would land them 
in hot water with the administration, and 
the inevitable fight simply isn 't worth a few 
minutes of mediocre pornography. 

Such a fuss, however, is usually unwar-
ranted, not to mention totally unproductive. 
Though it may result in remonstraoce, 
rarely is a core problem permanently 
resolved or a positive result produced. All 
that comes of it is a whole lot of bother and 
attention - and for what? The events hard-
ly merit it. Those who initiate these publi c-
ity stunts look forward to seeing everyone 
squirm and talk about their issues, and all 
too often people do just that. 

The recent pornographic broadcast on 
SRTv, for example, is hardly worth gctting 
carried away over. Yes, it could be offensive 
to some, but if students were offended, they 

.certainly were sti ll ca pable of changing the 
channel soon enough to prevent any trauma. 
While pushing the limits, SRl 's porn was 
not a serious inci dent in the li fe of the C;]ll1-
pus or its students . But it introduced the 
potency of sex into presexisting regulatory 
disputes, and people looking for controver-
sy - such as local television stations and 
MS BC - have responded. In other words, the controversial seg-

lIlent i, the excuse the administration needs 
to tighlen its noose on SRTY. Remember 

l:t~t year, when SI{T\ ' cl ai med tha t someone 
broke IOto the slation and aired porno-
!,:raphlt' material' The s((ai on lI:npited th at 
, olllcone with ;1 grudge wa, looking tu get 
S RTV 10 trouble Wilh the administrati on or 
prank the , tatlon, bec ause the sta tion was 

from televised cries for attention. 

Roy Pak/Guardi<Jn 

oversees, regulates and occasionally cens9rs 
their activities. In such a scenario, limits are 
bound to be tested - yet the reaction to 
such testing, while sometimes understand-
able, is usually not at all necessary. 

Even if sanctions or a simvlc reprimand 
result, to what end ? As long as there are 
unspoken rules to be broken , they will be 
broken, and the written ones wdl be tested 
as well. Such controversy has gone on as 
long as student organizations have existed 

The sad truth is that if SRTY doesn't 
po!tce itself, the adlninistration will gladly 
step in and rule RTY \\~th more of an iron 

ti~t than before. SRTV exists solely because it 

See OVERSIGHT, Page 5 
The controversy over Student-Run 

Television's recent venture in student-made See OVERBLOWN, Page 5 

At least we're better than University of Phoenix 
Aftertaste 

Evelyn Hsieh 

W c're minding our own business. Maybe we're surfing the Web or check-
ing e-mail with a typically placid 
mindsct; perhaps we're enjoying 
what free time we have by going 
through our everyday computer 
routine. La dee da ... an e-mail 
message from a friend, ncws from 
C N .com .. . and then bam. Our 
calmness instantly explodes into 
fury as a dreaded, yet extremely 
familiar image fill s the screen . A 
pop- up from the University of 
PhoenIX again . \Ve 'd punch the 
screen if it wouldn 't ruin the LCD. 
These ubiquitous, obnuxious, col-
orful pop-ups are just the begin-
ning. Other good ies in rhe lovely 
ar enal of in-your- fa ce an noya nces 
courtesy of UoP include the spam 
that clogs up e-mail aCcounts and 
the flashi ng ads on the top of every 
Web page. The school's advertise-
ments perva Ie the I nternet like 
Swrbucks on a city block. 

Now, I don't know ahout you, 
but after I spotted onc of tho e 
messages in my inbox for the 
seven-tri llionth timc, I was ready to 
stuff thi Phoenix and pin it to a 

wall. At the sa me time, I was a lil'tle 
bit curiuus. How tne heck does a 
"university" have enough money to 
plaster the Internet with its ads' Is 
it possi ble to actually earn bache-
lors, masters and even doctorate 
degrees online? Do companies 
acrua ll y take degrees earned 
th rough UoP - online or through 
its "campuses" - seriously' What 
kind of·people attend UoP? 

As a student at a "real" and "tra-
di tional" university, I became 
intrigued that anybody could get a 
degree without ever stepping into a 
classroom. For all my irritation 
with its blitzkrieg of ads, the myste-
rious University of Phoenix had 
started to make me wonder. T he 
marketing gurus behind corporate 
America had lured me into at least 
exploring its Web site. 

What is the University' of 
Phoenix? It's the country's largest 
private university, enrolling almost 
270,000 students and offering over 
50 degrees in business, education, 
hea lth and technology. Unlike 
UCSD, which offers liberal arts 
majors like history and linguistics, 
as we ll as vocational ones such as 
engi neering and pharmacological 
chemistry, all of Uo P's degrees are 
voca ti o nal , si milar to those of 
De Vry Insti tute. 

UoP online students (most any-
body with a credit card and a com-
puter will be "admitted") take class-
es via their computers and receive 
degrees ba ed on tho e cla es. It 

costs $460 per credi t hour, or 
$3~,OOO for 3 11 undert;raJuare 
degree . Comparably, tuition for in-
state students is about $30,000 for 
four years at UCSD. 

As mentioned before, the 
University of Phoenix is an educa-
tional institution/business that 
exists to turn a profit. While 
UCSD, Harvard and all the other 
universities we've come to know 
also make money, they are com-
monly perceived as nonprofit insti-
tutions that revolve around 
research, development, scholarship 
and public service. The Apollo 
G roup, the parent company of 
University of Phoenix, on the other 
hand, made close to $1.8 billion last 
year in revenues by dishing out 
ed ucation, according to a January 
Business Week article. It is no sur-
prise that it spent 22.5 percent of 
its revenue on advertisements last 
year. The ads seem to have worked. 

Name recognition is no l}roblem. 
It seems the school has bought every 
possible URI. related to its name. 
When I Googled the school, about a 
dozen distinct yet related links to 
their Web site came up. For exam-
ple, there was C las esUSA.com, 
which linked back to UoP. And that 
was only in the "sponsored adver-
tisements" column! 

Sure, that might be perfectly 
harmless, but i UoP just like 
UCSD - with marketing clout? 

The mi~ of profitability and 
education hints that UoP is more 

equivalent to Kaplan or Princeton 
Review and educational consulting 
than to UCSD. For now, UoP 
online caters mostly to working 
adults who are looking for a boost 
in their careers, but will also be 
looking to attract high school grads 
and international students in the 
future, according to Business 
Week. 

This seems somewhat problem-
atic to me. I understand that there 
are a lot of adults out there who feel 
the need to obtain more skills 
through the convenience of the 
Internet, but I fear the day when 
high school students start logging 
online for their degrees rather than 
applying to legitimate schools. If 
we are only in school to learn the 
skills that will help us make a prof-
it, then why don't we all just stay 
home and enroll at UoP? 

UoP also has physical campuses 
across the country, so I wi ll con-
cede that much. Even sti ll , though, 
the idea of education as a product 
seems somewhat sacrilegious. We 
complain about the ever-escalating 
fees in the UC system, but no one 
ever seriously questions the quality 
of the institution. Most of us trust 
that our professors are experts in 
their field and work at a university 
because they are passionate about 
their subjects, even if they don 't 
seem to care too much about us 
(undergnds, at least). There is 
something about UoP's brazen 
interpretation of education-as-

business, on the orhl'r hand, thnt 
cheapens the idea of going to col-
lege. 

Additionally, it appears thal UoP 
has been at least a litde bit shady, as 
I had hypothesized ea rlier The 
Arizona Republic reported last year 
that, according to a 45 -pagl! report 
by the Department of Education, 
the UoP was forced to pay $9.8 mil -
lion to settle an audit that revealed 
unfair business practi ces. T he $9.8 
million is the largest fine the f",ds 
have ever' had to impose on a 
school. According to tl,e report, 
recruiters worked under extreme 
pressure to bring enrollment num-
bers lip and were encouraged with 
incentives to recruit unqualifled 
students. The point of this is that 60 
percent of ·Uop's tuition revenue 
comes from financial aid, which 
gives the school an incentive to 
enroll as many students as possible. 
That would also explain the reason 
for the high visibili ty the university 
has online: to draw more customers 
- er, I mea n students - in . 

I'm sure UoP helps many adults 
get a better foothold on ' their pro-
fessions. I don 't think there's any-
thing egregious or completely co~­
demnable about what UoP docs. 
But I have to admit, whenever I 
close that pop-up or delete char e· 
mail , I'm just a little more grateful 
for UCSD. 

Don 'r like m'y flavor? E-mail me or 
ezhsieh@ucsd.edu. 

TUESUAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2005 niE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Oversight: SRTV's future in the balance 
continued from page 4 

claims to enrich student life with 
interesting programming that builds 
conununity among students, while 
publicizi ng campus events, organi-
zations and the li ke. Bellicose tactics 
like those currendy being employed, 
however, make SRl"V a "controver-
sial service," as A.S. Conunissioner 
of Student Services Kian Maleki 
characterized it, and more prone to 
cutbacks or complete shutdown. 

Clearly, ai ring the pornographic 
rape was popular - o r at least a wor-
thy topic of conversation - among 
students, yet the complete oppo ite 
of what the adlninistration would 
like to see the station airing. 
Obviously both sides can't have their 
way, and in a perfect world, the 
administration would tolerate all the 

si lliness that results when program-
ming is created by, and geared 
toward, students. But the station's 
current oppositional strategy merely 
deepens the rift between students 
(i nsofar as SRTV represents stu-
dents) and the administration, with 
sntdems being the ones who lack rel-
ative power and stand to lose. 

The continued existence of 
SRl"V is predicated on the concept 
that we, as intelligent college stu-
dents, can police ourselves. Clearly, 
this concept is lost on a few exhibi-
tionists, so it would be in the sta-
tion's be t interest to put together 
some oversight for its program-
ming, and to fend off attacks from 
the administration with a promise 
to avoid airi ng programs created 
for thcir outrageousness and noth-

ing else. 
Maybe stupidity will be its own 

punishment and the administration 
will allow the station to continue as 
normal. But a rebuke from the 
authorities might be the leic!.: in the 
pants the station needs to display 
some common sense in the future . 

According to SRTV's charter, it 
is permissible to air videos like 
York's , but that doesn't make it a 
good idea . Failing to recognize this 
distinction could be the station's 
downfall. Managers of SRTV; and 
especially York's ilk, would do well 
to focus less on what they can legal-
ly get away with, and more on 
showing decent programs built on 
more than shock value and the pos-
sibili ty of garnering infamy for the 
creator. 

Overblown: Station should stay the course 
continued from page 4 

- and sometimes it seems it is only 
the controversy that has kept them 
alive. 

T he appropriate way to respond 
to such eve nts is to not respond. 
Although shrugging such things off 
may seem an act of trivialization to 
some, freaking out about them will 
not resolve anything. T he Koala has 
hardly stopped printing racist or 
sexist jokes since a large number of 
students decided to challenge their 
right to do so. More importantly, 
with such a reaction, the students 
who did protest sent the message 
that such behavior merits some-
thing more than a passing glance. 

Any sanction for the recent 
SRTV incident is unwarranted, 
unnecessary and unproductive . 
SRTV did not violate any specific 
rule, and the porn was hardly aimed 
to offend the student body. A 

mature student population and · in the belief that they can prevent 
administration ought to treat it for or amend such behavior, but these 
what it is - a student group posing idealists must not be paying atten-
a challenge to university norms - tion. History in some respects does 
and nothing more. This is hardly repeat itself, and controversy-cre-

" The appropriate way 
to respond to such 

events is to not respond. " 

special or egregious, and if all cases 
were handled this way, not only 
would we have a more harmonious 
campus, but the student body 
would also be spared a lot of silli-
ness. 

After all , what is said and done is 
said and done. People often protest 

ating behavior is one of those 
respects. Not even a controversial 
Supreme Court decision is ever 
truly permanent. So it's not very 
realistic to hope for offensive 
papers to stop being offensive, for 
political organizations to stop 
being political, and especially not 
for randy students to stop being -
well , ambitious. 

Besides, most of these occur-
rences are harmless - if not in the 
short tetm, then usually in the long 
run. Even if the offense seems too 
great, the only truly effective nega-
tive reaction is no reaction - after 
all, an envelope only counts as 
pushed when somebody pushes 
back. 

~: ELECTIONS 
V 

200S 

OPINION 5 

: 3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858)~52-99~9 : 
-------------------- --

STUDENT TRAVEL 
MAKE 

YOUR BREAK 
,,"Beach 
»Cancun $789 

, week at Club Verano Beat. , 
beac:hfront property 

~re Euro.pe 
»Am.terdam $808 "Pari. $570 

8 night. ,t the H.ns Brinker in 
the LeidMplein ,ree 

• Alternative 
»Co.ta Rica $819 

8 dlV- of lCCommodltion ,nd . 
trlnd,,.. with the GAP P ••• 

6 nights at the Ab80lute Paris in 
the Republiqu,.,.. 

"Mexico City $359 
, week .t the Monede Hostel 

li,dTRAVEL I 

& 
-l LAST LECTURE SERIES II 

February 28 Submit completed Election 
Application Packets by noon 

Applications wIll be available on the 3rd 
floor of the Price Center, A.S. Executive 
Administrative Assistant's Office. 

February 28 Attend a Mandatory Candidates 
.Meeting, 7:30pm in Center, Room 
115 

Questions? Please contact the 
A.S. Elections Manager at 
aselections@ucsd.edu. 

What would professors reall~say. if th~ were to teach one 
last lecture to their students Fino out in our Last Lecture 

-l Series. Free pizza and refres ents provided. 
-l February 23rd ....... ~Binder 

Dopartment 

{
Wednesday 
@Noon 
Gallery A 
in Price Center 

For more information call 858.822.2068 
Or visit http://theuniversitycenters.ucsd.edu 



6 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

N ' ~!~!~~t~9..~!-! '1511458-9800. i)~, 
• 

DELIVERY OR CARRYOUT 

Two Large 1- Topping Pizzas 

onIY$14.99 
L lmlled Dehvery ArB • . DelIVery Charge. May Apply 

Not valid with any other otter. Custgmer pays all applicable sales tax. 
Valid only 01 San Diego Counly Papa John 's Pizza Sloras. 

Expires 3/22/05 

One Large Works & One Large Two Topping I $18.99 : 
Lmled DelIVery Area · DeliV9fy Charges May Apply I 

NOI valid with any oliler offar. Customer PIYS In IPIlIlcabie sales tax. I 
Valid ""Iy at San Diego County Pap" John's PiZZI Stor... I 

Expires 3/22/05 

Vl,ll\\\\'S LARGE SPECIAL! 9l'liG\\~s EXTRA, EXTRA! 
One Large, One Topping 

$8.99 Breadsticks $2.99 Cheesesticks $3.99 Chickenstrips $3.99 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Lurnled DelIVery Arss • DIll/Very CIlarces May Appfy Limlled DelIVGfy Area · DIlkvOfY Chafp"S May Apply I 
No! volld with Iny other oft.r. Cullomef pay. all applicable llleo tox. Not valid ...." """ - oIfef. Cu_ P"IIS all applicable ..... tax. I 

Valod ""Iy .t San Diego County Pap. John'. Pizza Stcn.. Valid only at San DIego County P_ John'. PIZZa Stoq • . 
I Expires 3/22/05 I ExpIre. 3122105 I 
-----------------------------------

~ 
Goin' on at llCSD 
summer housing 
Theatre "La Dispute" 

.. 

lUESDAY, fEBRUARY ZZ, Z005 

Changes: HDS to offer 
discount for triple rooms 

continULd from page I 
which is $250, you get the buying 
power of 5275," Danylyshyn-
Adams said. "If you buy 5500, 
you get the buying power of 
5550. And you don't have to pay 
tax, so there are advantages 
because it gives you more buying 
power." 

The committee also recently 
approved a new policy for stu-
dents sharing their campus hous-
ing with twO other roommates. 
Next fall, some students will be 
able to pick the new ' rate-saver" 
option, which will allow three stu-
dents to share one bedroom at a 
discounted price. 

Each student assigned to a rate-
saver room will pay $1,000 less per 
academic year, according to 
Danylyshyri-Adams. 

The impetus for the change 
was to allow more students to live 
on campus and to make on-cam-

.. pus living more affordable, 
according to Earl Warren College 
sophomore Tania Sultan, the col -
lege'S representative on the com-
mittee. 

However, some parents and stu-
dents have not reacted positively to 
the triple-room option. They have 
showed concern that a one-person 
bedroom might be uncomfortable 
for three students, according to 
Cunningham. 

"Very, very few students and 
parents consider triples as an 
'opportunity,''' Cunningham stat-
ed. 

Not all of the six colleges have 
decided to implement the new 
housing policy so far, but John 
Muir College, which will be offer-
ing rate-saver rooms, is redesign-
ing the rooms to accommodate 
three people. 

"Furniture is going to· be 
rearranged in such a way that it will 
be comfortable for the students," 
Adams said. "We probably won't 
have the big closets anymore. In 
the Muir College residence hall, 
we have made the rooms with the 
best views rate-saver rooms, so stu-
dents don't think they are getting 
the bottom of the barrel." 

Though feedback for the hous-
ing changes has been mixed, stu-
dents, faculty and staff said they 
support expanded access to Dini ng 
Dollars. 

"From my perspective, this is a 
great example of a number of stu-
dents and staff working together to 
make a good idea happen in a very 
short period of time, which can be 
a real cha llenge," Cunningham 
stated. 

Dining Dollars will help com-
muter students be a part of the 
campus community, Thurgood 
Marshall College Dean of Student 
Affairs Ashanti Houston-H ands 
said. 

"I think it is great that it gives 
commuter students the same type 
of plan that on-campus residents 
have," said Houston-Hands, who 
serves on the advisory committee 
and voted for the change. "It will 
also save students money. I support 
it because we want to pull com-
muter students into our dining 
facilities. " 

Muir senior and commuter 
Mark Erickson said he also sup-
ported the change. 

"I think it is a good thing 
because you don't always have cash 
on you and many places don't take 
credit cards," Erickson said. 

Rtlltkrr Clln contact Cbrinint Clark at 
ceclark@ucsd.edu. 

TUESDAY 
FEBRUARY 21, 2005 

~ Social ne~orks change friendship's face value 

Information 
- - - -- -- - - - - - - -- -

FacebookJ 
oLhers offer 
students a 
ne\N level of 
social 
• • Interaction 
Groups 

Social network Web sites: 
The Facebook - WNW.thefacebook.com 
Friendster - www.friendster.com 
ConnectU - www.connectu .com 
Myspace - ww.N.myspace.com 

810gs: 
Xanga - www.xanga.com 
liveJournal - www.livejournal .com 
BlogSpot - ww.N. blogspot. com 
TypePad - www.typepad.com 

Instant Messaging: 
AOL Instant Messenger - www.aim.com 
MSN Messenger - messenger. msn. com 
Yahoo Messenger - messenger. yahoo. com 
ICQ - www.icq.com 

Written and 
illustrated by: 
Roy Pak 
Contributing Writer 

Profile 

With the steady advancement of communications technologies. social networking has taken on 
a new digital character. The Facebook, 
Friendster. Xanga and LiveJournal are 
just a few examples of Web-based appli-
cations available to the socially active, 
who can use these sites to create. 
maintain or reject virtual and real-life 
friendships . 

At the source of this new form of 
social networking are instant messaging 
programs like AOL Instant Messenger, 
MSN Messenger and ICQ, as well as 
Dead AIM and Trillian, spin-offs of the 
original messengers with added fea-
tures like window transparency and a 
comprehensive buddy list combining 
contacts from all three programs. The 
advent of instant messaging launched a 
wave of improved applications that have 
revolutionized the ways we gather and 
distribute information, mediate commu-

nication and - key to college students 
- form and maintain friendships. 

Friendster is another free online ser-
vice that has revamped methods of 
social engagement . Much like on line 
journals, Friendster is a socia l network 
that allows users to keep up with old 
and new friends. As opposed to sites 
like Xanga , Friendster's focus is on the 
individual profile , rather than journal 
entries . Profiles can include an exten-
sive list of interests , favorite music, 
movies and books , and reveal personal 
information such as hometown , birth-
day, occupation and relationship status . 
Users can provide a brief description of 
themselves, and compile an inventory 
of similar profiles , essentially listing 
friends with similar interests. Once 
added to the list, friends can post testi-
monials about the user's character or 
teasing comments for the reader's 
pleasure . 

The Facebook '. . 

T he latest of these online social networks is the Facebook, a net-wor.k available to students of 
select colleges and universities around 
the country. This limitation affords stu-
dents a less cumbersome framework 
for navigating profiles and establishing 
social networks. Designed by Harvard 
students to unite college undergrads at 
their respective schools and emanci-
pate them from the anonymity of which 
so many complain, the Facebook allows 
students' to create profiles with entry 
topics similar to Friendster and to con-
nect with other students within their 
campus as well as across the nation. 
Users can look for friends to add to 
their list by searching within their uni-
versity or other schools - through 
classes, interests and favorites - and 
can confirm or reject users who 
request to be added to their list. 

"A great. deal of the research and 
writing about 'social software' focuses 
on software applications [like 
Friendster] that mediate in human 
sQcial relations," said Brett Stalbaum, 
Interdisciplinary Computing and the 
Arts Major faculty adviser and profes-
sor at UCSD, who teaches courses 
involving digital technology in artmak-
ing. "But what software isn't social? Is 
the software that mediates your credit 
history more or less social. in its over-
all impact, than an online dating ser-
vice?" 

Stalbaum, like many intellectuals, has 
an optimistic attitude toward these 
Web-based applications . He explained 
that humans and computers make up a 
symbiosis; such software enables peo; 
pie to increase their friendship-making 
and friendship-sustaining capabilities , 
and dramatically increases their individ-
ual popularity. This undoubtedly excites 
many students even as it dissuades oth-
ers, especially those of a more misan-
thropic bent. 

Online networking programs, particu-
larly the Facebook, provide students 
with a new dynamic in social relations , 
allowing users to gather new friends 
through shared relations or shared 
interests such as favorite movies or 

music. The Facebook also allows users 
to post on profile walls, visualize their 
social network online, and message and 
"poke" friends . Although the Facebook 
has a platform similar to a popularity 
contest, students seem to express few 
qualms over being contestants . Initial 
apprehensions toward the program 
have been obliterated by its widespread 
use. 

Some students consider the 
Facebook an accessible means of meet-
ing other students and creating friend-
ships or even romantic relationships 
that would be difficult to begin under dif-
ferent circumstances. Some have even 
discovered the advantages of its mes-
saging service, disseminating party invi-
tations online through a sure network of 
friends who can pass on the informa-
tion accordingly. 

The relative effortlessness of estab-
lishing and maintaining friendsh ips 
through the use of these applications is 
enjoyed by many, but at the same time 
generates serious dislike in others. 
Some students lament that social soft-
ware diminishes the value of friendsh ip 
by making it too easy and too artificial. 
Others argue that these digital interac-
tions, with their tendency to monopolize 
the user's time and minimize real-time , 
face-to-face interaction, are socially 
backward. 

The social value of these programs is 
entirely contingent upon each student's 
personal ethos of friendship and tech-
nology. For those who oppose digital 
friendships Ralph Waldo Emerson pro-
vides strong support: "I hate the pros-
titution of the name of friendship to sig-
nify modish and worldly alli8nces ." 

Users of online applications from 
LiveJournal to Friendster walk a double-
edged sword . On the one hand, the 
chance of rediscovering a lost high 
school friend or resuming an old flame 
presents a positive argument for the 
continued use of such programs. On 
the other hand , users may find them-
selves withdrawing from real-l ife friend-
ships into those based exclusively on 
online interaction and online engage-
ment. 



8 CAM PUS CALENDAR THE UCSD GUARDIAN nJESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 200S 

How to pi puIIIiIIIed In .... 
~ to the Guardian OffICe, upstairs in the Student Center; Pu: (858)534-7691; 1JuII: ucsdcolendor@yohoo.r:om 0' 

:) GUARDIAN ods@ucsdguo,dion.org. Please specify in subject line tNt ~ is. 'a.Ienda, submission' 
~~~--------~~--~~ CAM PU 5 Afte, name, time and 10000ion. please limit additional text to. concise 50 word description. Descriptions may be .edited and (ALE N DAR "Weekly' listings may be bumped fo, space. Late ema~ submissions will not be published. De"'" is lpm 11Iur*y, 

week of Feb. 22 to 27 
FEATURED THIS WEEK ... 

• ArtPower! at UCSD presents 
THE MIRe) STRING QUARTET 

with pianist Pei-Yao Wang 
8pm, Mandeville Auditorium 

THE MIR6 STRING QUARTET is increasingly recognized as one of 
America's brightest and most exciting young chamber groups, having 
won the prestigious Banff and Naumberg awards. T he Q uartet's youth-
ful intensity and mature interpretations are dazzling listeners with 
uncompromising music-making. Daniel Ching, violin; Sandy 
Yamamoto, violin; John Largess, viola; Joshua Gindele, cello. Tickets: 
GA $34, UCSD Students $17, avai lable online at TIckeonaster or ca ll 
the UCSD Box Office (858) 534-4559. 

TUES. FEB. 22 
A CA DEMIC 

African Studies Abroad EAP/OAP Info 
Session, 2:30-4pm @ Intemational Cente, 
lounge. Would you like to know mo,e about 
the amazing continent of Africa] Come find 
out about a wide va,iety of EAP and ClAP pro-
g,ams a,ound the wo,ld that focus on Af,ica 
and/o, find out about p,ograms offe,ed in 
Africa. Scholarships and financial aid available. 
For more info, 534.1123 or abroad@ucsd.edu. 

~ 
La Dispute, 8pm @ Mandell Weiss Theatre. 
Written by Maricaux and directed by Da,ko 
Tresnjak, this p,oduction explo,es the powe, 
of sexuality. Tickets: S15 GA, SI2 UCSD 
Affiliate, S 10 Student. 

CAREER 

(V-w-Resume Workshop for Ph.D, Students, 
10-llam @ C. ,ee, Services Cente,. Le.,n 
tools and techniques to successfully change 
you, C\I into. professional resume. Space is 
limited; sign-up in advance by calling 
858.534.3750. 
(.0,_ Expiorltion ...... el: C.ftlS in 
Med .. nic.l • Ae'ospace E"Iineeri .... 2:30-
4pm @ Career Services Center. By attending 

SAT. FEB. 16 
one of these popula, Career Expiorllion 
Panels, you will have the chance to meet and 
network w~h professionals in you, chosen 
careef field and leam what caree, options are 
avlilable. 

LE CTU R ES 

larry Lopez: "Luvinc a.._: SMpinc 
H_ NMure,' 2-3:3Opm @ PC Gallery B. 
Barry Lopez is best known as author of Arctic 
D,eams, for which he ,eceived the National 
Book Award. For mo,e information on this 
public lectu ,e, visit http://mui,.ucsd.edu/bar-
rylopez/ 0' call 858.534.3589. Sponso,ed by 
UCSD Council of Provosts Convocation 
lecture Series. 

WED. FEB. 23 
A CADE MIC 

L.tin America: W/QAP Info Session, 2:3()' 
4pm @ International Center Lounge. Ever 
wanted to scale Macchu Pic;chu) How about 
dance capoi .. in Rio 0' the tango in 
Argentina? Come find out about a wide vari-
ety of £AI' and CAP prog,ams in South 
America. Speak with ,etumees and find out 
how to have the time of you, life wIlile earn-
ing academic credit. Scholarships and finan-
cial .id available. Fo, more info 534.1123 or 
ab,oad@ucsd.eQ,. 

ARTS 

Marinaux's II 0ispuIe continues ill the 
Mandell Weiss Theat,e, 8pm. Tockm: S 15 GA, 
SI2 UCSD Affiliate, SID Student 

CAREER 

0baInI1IIIII Intemship 01 1Wt-l1nM Job, 5-
6: 15pm @ Caree, Services Center. Wrth so 
many internships and part-time jobs available, 
which one is right for you) leam st,ategies fo, 
successfully searching internship and part-
time job listings and ways to 10000e the ,ight 
positio n for you. 

H EALTH 
---

FlTstop, 7-9pm @ RIMAe. Howf~ are you? 
Evaluate your ,elative fi tness levels. Set goals 
and measu,e you, progress. T,ained Student 
Health Advocates test you, body fat composi-
tion, grip strength, step test recovery rate, 
blood pressure, and ,esting heart weight. Free 
to all UCSD students. Walk in to RIMAC 
Wellness Room. 

LECTURES 

' Oricken SGup for the AfriCIII Amerion 
Soul," 5-7pm @ Price Cente, Gallery A. The 
Women's Center presents Lisa Nichols, co-
author of Chicken Soup fo, the Aflican 
American Soul: Celebrating and Sha,ing Ou, 
Cultu.e One Story at a lime. 

THURS. FEB. 24 
ARTS 

....... MIItinc Workshop, «pm @ Cross-
Cultu.al Center. Join us fo, I free hlnds-on 
workshop witI1 artKt Elizabetl1 Zaikowski as 
she guides you through the proem of creal-
ing your own mlnclala! More info It 
http://dics.uad.edu/mandila. 
Mlrin.ux's II DiIfM* continues It the 
Mlndell Weiss Theatre, 8pm. Tockets: SIS GA, 
112 UCSO Affiliate, SID Student 

CAREER 

UCDC ........ Info 5HIion, 9:30-1 0:3OlIm 
8 Career SeMces Cente,. Would you like to 
live and work in Washincton D.C. and set 
aedit for ~? AI this information session. you 
will leam more about the UCDC program, 
which allows students in all mljoB to intern 
and study in Washington, O.c. 
Writlnc Your I'ersonIII 5UttmInt for Health 
ProfessioMI School, 2-3pm @Career 
Services Center. Attend this workshop if you 
are getting ,eady to apply to a heakh protes-

~onal school. Learn about the purpose of the 
personal Slatement, "do's and don'ts: what 
content to include and how to o,ganize it 

CLUBS 

Oull ...aI MMIInc. 7pm i Solis 107. WI! 
will be discussing the success of ou, Camival 
pany, ow next group dub event. IIIld free 
opportunities to leam Portuguese! We are 
open to all interested in Brasil, ieaming 
Portuguese, .nd Cruili.ns alike. Abracos! 

RECREA T ION 

Cinemaddicu Presents L.w.r .t, 7 & IOpm 
@ PC Theat,e. Admis~ion $3. 

Do You Want a Career In Sports? 
Earn your Master's degree In 18 months! 

Attend a free info session and 
take the first step toward 

a career in Sport Management. 

March 1 - 6:30 pm 
California State Unlvenlty, Long Beach 
The Pyramid, UkleJa Room 
Call (800) 963-2250 to R.S.V,P. (Schedule Number-2144) 

For more information contact: 
Diane Higgs, Program Manager 
at (562) 985-2044 or Ihiggs@Csulb,edu 
www.csulb.edu/sportmanagement 

FRI. FEB. 25 
ARTS 

Marinaux's II Oispute continues at the 
Mandell Weiss Theatre, 8pm. Tockets: SIS GA, 
112 UCSD Affiliate, S 1 0 SttrMnt 

CAREER 
An Atte- with the st.s: A Black HistOty 
Month Event. 3-5pm @ Ca,eer Services Center. 
Hear from UCSD African-American alumni 
about thei, educational and career back-
grounds, as well as thei, strategies fo, success. 
This is an opportunity to have one-on-one 
interactions w~h some of tile most successful 
UCSD African-American alumni ever! light 
,ef,eshments will be served. Fo, ddails, con-
tact Pamela Fruge at 858.822.3988. 

LEC TURES 

"The Politics of Motherhood in Afriun Art: 
Mother and Child lmap"., 11Ien and NcN!." 
4:45pm @ Seuss Room in Geisel Library. 
Speaker: 0,. Herbert Cole, UC Santa Barb., •. 
This colloquium is presented in conjunction 
with the exhibit. 'Celebratinc Women: 
Tradition and Modernity in African Alt.' cur-
rently on display in Geisel Lib,ary. 80th events 
are sponsored by the AMSRP. free and open 
to the public. 

SPORTS 

...... ¥L SIn FrMdICD 51*. 2pm ill 
Triton Baseb.1I Field. 
.... '1 ........ WI. c.I ,..., I'aIftOIIa, 
5 :3Opm II RiMAe Arena. 
....., ....... WI. c.I ~ '-«1M, 
7:30pm II RiMAe Arena. 

SAT. FEB. 26 
ARTS 

FroIIt !lOW CenW: A ..... c-t far 
Ant .-.. c-..IInc CInft, 6:<10 (doors 
open)" UCSO's Hojel HIlI of the Americas 
AudiIorium. Fellurinl the ICOUstic talents of 
Ben Everitt, Broken VIeW, and Just Jason and 
Aimee. Tockets: S10 in advance, 112 at the 
door. Fif511C1 to begin at 7:30. 
MArinaux's II .,.... continues It Ihe 
Mandell Weiss TheiItR, 2 and 8pm. TICkets: 
515 GA, S12 UCSD Affiliate, SlO Student. 
Mini SIrina QuMet, with pianist Pei-Yao 
Wan .. 8:00pm @ MAndeville Aud~orium . See 
FeMurtd 101. • 

RECREATION 
APSA 101h AnnuaI1aIent Show, 7pm @ PC 
Ballroom. FellUring amazinl acts by UCSD 
students, from dancinl to sinsinl to playin. in 
bands! Come !lUpport them and see \MIat they 
can do! Todels are sa It the 80x OffICe and 
110 at the door, and 51 from each ticket goes 
to Tsunami Relief. 

Cinemaddicts Presents lilt Incre"'", 6 & 
9pm @ PC Theatre. Admission " . 

SPORTS 

Women'1 ......... WI. c.I SIBtI 
~ HiIIi, 5:30pm II RiMAe Arena. 

Men's ....... 1 VI. c.I SUte Dominquel 
HIlI" 7:30pm at RIMAC Arena. 

SUN. FEB. 27 
AR T S 

The UCSO Jau Ensemble wings it w~ an 
'Advanced Improvisational Perfo,mance." 8pm, 
Mandeville Rec~al Hall. Free to the public. 

WEEKLY 
A C~OEM IC 

...... eon-tion T..,les, weekly @ 
Cafe Ventanas, the ERe Dining Hall next to 
RIMAe. All a,e welcome. The following meet 
weekly. F,ench (Thurs. 4pm), German (Wed. 
3pm), Hebrew (Mon. 2:30pm), Italian (Wed. 
I pm), Japanese (Wed. 6pm), Korean (F,i. 
2pm), Mandarin (Wed. 3:30pm), Spanish 
(Wed. 4pm). Fo, more info,mation, contad 
Inte,national House at ihouse@ucsd.ed'J or go 
to http://ihouse.ucsd.edu. 

C~REER 
...... EIhics/IIIIk MlnlpMe"" Tuesdays 
from 6:30·9:3Opm @ UCSD Extension 
Complex. Room 102 at 9600 N. Talley Pines 
Rd. Patricia Groff, the Di,ecto, of 
Administration fOl Butt Dunn Desantis & 
Bingham. will teach the basic ,ules contained 
in the Rules of P,ofessional Conduct and how 
those rules apply to the legll assistan( s role. 
5345 fee. 
CertifIed L .... AssisUnt fum Prepemon 
..... CIus, Wednesdays from 7 to IOpm 
@ UCSD Extension Complex. Room 101. This 
course is a MUST HAVE for anyone inte,ested 
in taking the CLA exam in March 05! S345 
fee. 

CLUBS 
IIIpntIne ,..., cnc., PrKtiQ, Tuesdays 
from ~ 11 pm 0 Rec Gym Conference Room. 
Learn someChinc new and ex~ing! A sensual 
and addictive dance - the tango. Free practice 
session, open to all. No previous experience 0' 
partne, necessary. http://stuo,g.ucsd.edu/-atg 
... _ DInCe Club, fridays from 2-4:3Opm 
g the Rec Gym (next to Main Gym). Dance 
salsa, waltz. hustle, swin .. samba, tango, and 
more! Drop by whenever - everyone is wel-
come! No partners 0' previous expe,ience 
necessary. http ://www-acs.ucsd.edu/- ball-
room 

AS WDmeII's c-lssIon -rKe Back Tbe 
NishI" Event Planning Meetings, Thu,sdays @ 
7pm in the Student leadership Chambers. 
Contact Nandini Pillai at npillai@ucsd.edu fo, 
more info. 

HEAlTH 

SIuIhnI tt.Ith is a full service dinic open to 
all registered students, regardless of you, 
health insurance status! STO and HIV tests, 
nutrition and weight counselin .. cholesterol 
screeninl and more services are offe,ed. Most 
appointments can be scheduled online at 
http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu 0' call 
534.8089. Same-day appointment for urJent 
needs; walk-in Urgent Ca,e ~ you need imme-
diR care (S10 ICcess fee) . We',e open week-
days aam-4pm (Wed. 9-4:3Opm). 

UCSD CE~ FOR THE HUMANITIES 
.. ,Continuing the Dialogue .. , 

BARRY LOPEZ 
Author and Nattonal Book Award Winner for Arctic Dreams 
-Laavlng Lascaux: Shaping Human Natura-

TueSday, February 22, 2005, 7:30pm, Price Center Ballroom 
Sponsored by: The Center for the Humanities, Council of Provosts, 

Dean of Physical Sciences. This presentation is dedicated to the 
memory of Patrick J. Ledden, 

MAlIII OF TIE MODERI WORLD: THE SlltRT VERSIO. 
Final Lecture in the Series 

-Give Them Stuff!- - Material Well-Baing, Consumer 
Desires, and the Making of a Naw World Order, II 

Patrick Patterson, UCSD Lecturer 
Wednesday, February 23, 2005, 7pm, Great Hall . 

THE HUMANITIES DIALOGUES 
-What's So Great About Altrulsm?-

Robert Adem., Professor of Philosophy at Yale University 
Thursday, February 24, 2005, 4pm 

deCerteau Room, 3155 Literature Building 
FREE AND OftEN TO 1H! I'UIIUC. For additionallnlormation please call 858-534-0999 

Of vian our web a~e at .",:" ••• ctr,.CI.,d. 

llJESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 200S THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

In G reek mythology, the food and drink of the gods 
were ambrosia and nectar, - but what did they have for 
dessert? A delicious dish called baklava. 

~ I' CROSSWORD 
Baklava is a ri ch and sweet pastry that consists of paper-

thin sheets of fillo dough, nuts and a sugary solution that 
may contain honey, lemon juice or rosewater. It is believed 
that baklava was first created by the Assyrians in ancient 
time, but soon after it became a popular dessert among the 
Greeks and numerous oth er popula tions in the 
Mediterranean and the Middle East. 

Baly WonglGuardon 

.@riiJ§.]ju'''j:m~E''4_ 
4 cups of walnuts or pecans, ne- 112 teaspoon nutmeg , 

Iy chopped 1 package of phyll o pa~try sh.eets 
112 cup sugar I stick of butter, llleJt¢d . • 
1 teaspoon cinnamon honey syrup (see below) 

DIRECTIONS 
,. t. Grease a 15 x 10 x I-inch pan. 
2. G ri nd nUts and mix with sugar and spices. 
3, Cut phylJo sheets to fit pan. ,. 
4. Brush 12 phyllo sheets lightly with butter and place in bottom of 
pan . 
5. Sprinkle I cup of the walnut mixture over' top sheet. . 
6. Brush four sheets with butter and place on top o f lower layer. 
7. Repeat layers until all ingredients have been used_ 
8. Top with 8 sheets of phyllo pastry - don't forget to butter each 
layer of phyllo. 
9. Bake one hour at 325 degrees. 
10. Remove from oven and cut pastry into 2-inch diamonds. 
It. Cover top with cold honey syrup. 

INGREDIENTS: Honey Syrup 
1 cup sage honey 
112 cup sugar 

DIRECTIONS 

112 cup water 
I tablespoon lemon juice 

1. Combine honey, sugar and water in a small saucepan . 
2. Heat and stir until sugar dissolves. 
3_ Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice., 
4. Let cool 

ACROSS 
1 
5 
10 
14 
15 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 

23 
24 

25 
28 
31 
33 
36 

Compliment your UCSD degree with professional development 
courses at UCSD Extension, From Business Essentials and 
Software Project Management to Marketing and Overview 
of the Drug Development Process, l:JCSD Extension's courses 
give you the practical and applied skills to help ease your 
transition into the corporate world_ 

UCSD Extension courses enhance your resume and increase 
your interview confidence as you learn real-world 

applications, Courses also offer an excellent opportunity 
to network with professionals working in your field of 
interest, giving you a much needed 'foot in the door: UCSD 
Extension 's instructors are seasoned industry experts with 
direct experience in the very subjects they teach, 

Start your career off on the right foot , 
www.extenslon,ucsd.edu 

UCSD 
EXTENSION 

extension .ucsd .edu 

Go a round with? 
Man from Japan 
Miniature race car 
Singer Amos 
Sonata movement 
Middle Eastern ruler 
Employs 
Georgia city 
Catch sight of 
Start of Yogi Berra 
quote 
Kenneth or Ringo 
U the twain shall 
meet" 
Samuel's teacher 
Asian palms 
Stage frontage 
Existed 
Loving touch 

39 
40 
42 
44 
45 
47 
48 
50 
52 
53 
56 
60 
64 
66 
67 
68 
69 
70 
71 
n 

Thor's father 
Part 2 of quote 
Part 3 of quote 
Castle protector 
Part of SSA 
Mal de 
Moved in <J curved path 
Arrangement 
Born as 
Abreast of 
Remove soap 
End of quote 
Reverberate 
Make amends 
Kinnear or Louganis 
Clark's love 
Principle of faith 
Feudal serf 
Run easily 
Ringlet of hair 

13 

DOWN 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 
12 
13 
21 
22 
26 
27 

29 
30 
32 
33 
34 
35 
37 
38 
41 
43 
46 
49 
51 
54 
55 
57 
58 
59 
61 
62 
63 
64 
65 

FEATURES \l 

Start a new hand 

Bedazzles 
Postulate 
Boxing venue 
Stair elements 
Milital)' force 
Cleansing agent 
Infuriate 
Revere 
Time being 
Peachy follower? 
Netherlands capital 
Actor Torn 
Attempt 
Pamphlet 
Notable period 
Longest French river 
Word before tube or 
city 
Hoods' guns 
Approximately 
Kitty 
NOW member 
Ere 
Astronaut's craft 
Ruckus 
Herring cousin 
Shoshone 
All ears 
Disregard an offense 
Pair 
Fixed 
Brooklyn art institute 
River frolicker 
Ancient Scandinavian 
Tuscany tourist city 
Actress Georgia 
Stockings 
Billfold fillers 
Trawlers' equipment 
Building addition 
Sound dovish 

See solutions on page 10 



10 CLAS IFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
BAJA SPRING BREAK 8 Condo Units, 
double occupancy. Sleeps 4-6 
Maximum. www.ocotillodelmll.com 
(3/10) 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SUBS 
Preschool Substitutes, 
aides, & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours 

5725_51050 hourly 
Call Jacki 

858-565-2144 

PT AV Technician needed at the Del 
Mar Hilton for nights and weekends 
SID/hr. Ap ply in person at 15575 
Jimmy Durante Blvd. Del Mar, Job 
Hotline 858.764.6000 (2/24) 
TestMasters- Marketer ($IO/hr., 20-30 
hours/wk,) Responsible people to post 
flyers on campus. Must have trans-
portation. Email CL/Resume to 
heather@testmasters.net (2/22) 
Part time help needed by lady, light 
household duties and assistance with 
healthy, wheelcha,r-user son. No lifting, 
no experience requi red. SID an hour. 
Please call 858.759.5819. (2/21) 
Males needed for web site, ages 18-27, 
No . experience required, $1 DO/hr. 
858.831 .1672 (6/2) 

CAMP WAYNE FOR GIRLS - Children's 
sleep-away cam p, Northeast 
Pennsylvania (6/18-8/14/05). If you 
love children and want a caring, fun 
environment we need Directors and 
Instructors for : Tennis, Swimming 
(W.S,I, preferred), Golf, Gymnastics, 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CGuARnIAN . LASSIf[EDS 
The UC5D GuordlOn rese"",s the right to dass,fy, ed~ delete. offen;ove WOI'ds and pha"es, and/or 'refuse any 
and all advernsements WIthout poor notrfation. or canceqatlons. • 
line ad •• PO' 20 wds: Sid U. 510ft n. Publk '10 prinlond online. Classified DIsplay ,. no.GO 
per col. inch. Policies I nd rilles IIvaU.bIe .t www.ucsd,uarcUan.ora 

Cheerleading, Drama, 
Camping/Nature, High & Low Ropes, 
Team Sports, Photography, .Sculpture, 
Guitar, Aerobics, Self-Defense, Video, 
Piano. Other staff: 
Admi nistrative/Driver (21 +), Nurses 
(RN's and Nursing Students), 
Bookkeeper, Mothers' Helper. On 
Campus Interviews February 26th. Call 
1.800.279.3019 or apply on·line at 
www.campwaynegi rls.com (2/24) 

Summer Day Camps 
San Femando/Conejo ralleys 
Counselors, Lifeguards &. 
Instructors for horses , nafts, 

gym, nature , music. fishing, 
canoeing. rock climbing, 

animals and more. 
Earn $2850 - $3500+ 
888.784.CAMP 

www.workatcamp.com/ucsd 

Addressers wanted immediately! No 
experience necessary. Work at home. 
Call 405.447.6397. (2/22) 

CHllDCARE 

After school help needed for 10 year 
old girl Cardiff, Tues, Wed, Fri- Must be 
able to drive - S 11.00hr 760.685.1450 
or email elizskomski@yahoo.com 
(2/22) . 

Childcare needed for 8 month old; flex-
ible hrs, 8-24 hours/wk: 
Experience/references required, Lisa 

858.229.9949. (2/24) 

FOR' RENT 
HALF OFF 1ST MONTH Available Now! 
3 min from UCSD. 2 bed 2 bath. Brand 
new condo: new appliances, floor, 
kitchen and bathrooms. Built in wash-
er/dryer. Small pet upon approval. 2 off 
street parking. 1050 square feet. $1760 
per month. 619.988.5876. (3/3) 

3 Bedroom Townhouse Near UTe, 
UCSD Available September, Pool, 
Washer/ Dryer SI900/Month, Call 
858.792,6453 (2/22) 

NORMAL HEIGHTS $1070 SPOTLESS 
2BR/ 1 BA. All new Appliances, New 
Carpet. Hardwood Floors. Patio. 
Laundryroom, Garden Setting, garage. 
4528 35th Street. Near Kensin~ton off 
Adams Ave. Call Barbara 619.592.2173 
or Cell 858.361.3235 to see. (2/28) 
NORMAL HEIGHTS SPACIOUS 2BR/2BA 
$995. Nice Upper Unit, Washer & Dryer 
in unit, Dishwasher, 2 Parking, No Dogs, 
Sec. Gate, Ring Bell at fl2 to see. 
619.977.4532. Open Daily. 4532 36th 
Street. (2/28) 

FOR SALE 
For Sale La Jolla 1 BR/l BA Condo, 1 
mile from campus, close)o village. 
Sunny top floor, pool. gated, ready to 
go. Seller will co nsider from $325,000 
to $374,876. Call Joe Whitaker 
760.635.3230 Prudential CA Realty. 
(3/3) 

HOUSE for SALE in Mira Mesa (10 
miles from UCSD) Panoramic VIEW! 
$479,000. INFO: www.fsbo .home-
stead.com/files/i ndex.htm. Call 
858,566,8602 (2/24) 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED 

Age 19-29 
Excellent Compensation 

Go to www.bldgfams.com 
or Call (800)977-7633 

Building Families 

WANTED 
Asian egg donor needed to help a local 
couple, confidential, compensation up 
to no,ooo, having good heart, blood 
type B or 0 , please respond: blessfam-
ily2000@yahoo.com (2/28) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED 56000-
S 15,000+ (based on specific qualifica-
tions) for qualified. responsible appli-
cants, Special need for Jewish, Asian, 
East Indian Donors, Close personal 
support provided by an experienced 
Egg Donor. Fertility AlternatiVES, Inc. 
951 , 696 .7 466 
www.FertilityAlternatives.com (6/2) 

Volunteers paid $30 for an interview. If 
you are entirely cif Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26, call 
552,8585x5590. (3/31) 

SSS Eyeblink Study - Up to 5260!!! 
Healthy subjects needed: 18-35, right-
handed drug-free, no psychiatric histo-
ry. Studies M-F, 8-4 only. UCSDMC, 
Hillcrest. 619.543.2314 (2/22) 

SERVICES 

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY zz. 2005 

Computer Repai r: Will fix/update hard-
ware, install/reload software, clean-up 
vi ruses. Prompt service. Satisfa ction 
guaranteed. Call Sergio 858.587.8854 
(2/22) 

DUI? Arrested? Bankrupt? Injured? I can 
help you. Brent Jex. 619.325.0480. 
Brentjex@yahoo.com, Very affordable 
rates: MC/Visa, (4/28) 

PERSONALS 
Example of good publicity: Kid Rock. 
Exam ple of bad publicity: Tom 
Sizemore. (2/22) . 

crosswordsolutions 
1 V 3 0 S S 3 tl 1 3 d 10 11 
3 N S 3 1 3 N 3 1 S I 0 11 
El 3 8 El 3 N 01" o H ::> 3 1 
N , OEl 1 N 00 1 tl o H 

s_ 
3 S N I 8 _ N 0 d n. 3 3 N 

8 3 0 tl o~a 3 ::> tl v 
~~ ~ . 1 V I ::> IOS . l " 0 ~ 
3 8 " 1 V H 1. S 1 1 n d .:l 0 
N I 0 0 "..3 I; " ::> .~~M 
N 0 I; d " S 0 El V S 
I 1 3 . I; 3 3 N _ I; H Ii 1 S 

_ 1 N 3 ::J H 3 d A 1 3 N I N AdS3 I No::>v~ I S3sn 
LI; I ~ 3 0 0 NOH I H 0 1 
[111; Ii ~ N V I S V H Ii d S 

u. ". '111 'j : ~.4 
~. 11 I ~,I } ~ :1 ~'t l1 ~ 'j I $.269 

5-year limited warranty 

17" Leo. Flat Panel Monitor $199 
3·year Ilm,ted warranty 

INTEL 2200 NOTE BO OK $699 
COMPUTER PARTS, ACCESSORIES' REPAIR 

UCSD PO'S ACCEPTED 
LOWEST PRICES AND BEST 

SERVICE! 
COMPUTER DEPOT 

8333 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. loff Ihe 163) 
(858) 277·7300 
www.mypcpar's,com 

All students enrolled in 
E-Bill by February 28th 

are eligible to winl 
Sign up on StudentLink today! 

• Receive your monthly billing statement electronically. 
• Authorize up to 3 users in addition to yourself to receive email notifi-

cation when your bill is ready, 
•. You and all authorized users have the ab ility to view your account ac-

tivity and pay your bill online with E-Chec k. 
• It's fast, convenient, and secure! 

[fl ... : 
PARENT 
ACCESS 

•• 

-~==·I 
E-BILL 

• 
• 
• 
• 

ELECTRONIC 
PAYMENT 
•••••••• 

• •• 
• L·L 

http://studentlink.ucsd.edu 

Grand Prize: 1 winner will receive an iPod Shuffle 1GB ($139 value) & free textbooks ($300 value) from the lISD Bookstore. 

First Prize: 2 winners will each receive an iPod Mini ($229 value) from Student Business Services. 
Second Prize: 2 winners will each receive a $50 Tritonplus card from the Tritonplus Office. 

Third Prize: 3 winners will each receive a free occasional use -B II par1<ing penrit ($42 value) from the Transportation & Partdng Office. 

nJESOAY, FEBRUARY 22. 2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORT 11 

Fencing: Women's foil finishes 15 .. 3 in tourney r: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -I ALEX'S SALON & BEAllTY SUPPLY 
. continued from page 12 

Ambort, who went 5- 1 on the day, 
led the Triton women. Senio r 
Jennifer Ngolab and junior Esther 
Sosis both gathered four wins in 
sabre com peti tion. 

The women's team was led by its 
foi l squad, which went 15-3 on the 
day, talcing the 9-0 win by default 
against Cal Tech (which didn't have 
a foil team) and defeating Cal State 
Fullerton, 6-3. The sabre team went 
11 -7 and the epee team an even ,500 
at 9-9. 

Junior sabre Bret Martin led the 
Triton men with an undefeated 
record over the course of the day 
and spearheaded the mens sabre 
squad, which went 14-4. Martin's 
performance came despite a minor 
Achilles tendon injury he suffered 
during warm-ups, which threatened 
to sideline him when it gave out 
during his first bout of the day 
against Fullerton with the score tied 

at 4-4. 
"I have suffe red this injury 

before, but it never felt this serious," 
Martin said. "But I got it taped up 
by the trainer, who did a great job, 
and adrenaline lOcked in, so I almost 
didn't notice it at all after that." 

Martin went on to win that bout, 
5-4, and the rest of his duals for the 
day. His sabre teanunate, freshman 
Jason Runyan, su bmitted a 5- 1 
record , as did freshman foi l 
Cameron Sprowles. The foil team 
went 11-7 on the day, including a 9-
o drubbing of Cal Tech, matchi ng its 
female counterpart. The epee team 
also finished 11-7. The men's team 
remains undefeated (8-.0) in confer-
ence matches and is 18-2 overall. 

"We have high hopes for a num-
ber of our fencers to make it to 
Nationals," Triton head coach 
Heidi Runyan said. ' ''We need to 
work on consistency, and we are still 
adjusting to losing players to injury 

and leaving to travel abroad." 
Spots at the NCAA Nationals 

are determined by consideration of 
the results from the Regional tour-
nament (weighted 60 percent) as 
well as resul ts from the season 
(weighted 40 percent), 

"The team we have right now is 
very so-ong, and all the individuals 
we have are very talented," Martin 
said. "If we all fence to our poten-
tial, and beat the people who we are 
able to beat, I don't see any reason 
why we can't win as a team at 
Regionals. I'm very excited about 
tha t_ We're all really proud of the 
way the team has performed this 
season, A bunch of people have 
come through for US at a lot of dif-
ferent times and helped us to get to 
where we are." 

The team's next meet will be on 
Feb. 26 at Irvine, Calif., against UC 
Irvine, UCLA, USC and UC Sa nta 
Barbara. 

SP£CIM1fHI~"'" 
50% OFF 
Any One Service 

• Men'., Women's, Children's Hair Cuts 
• Color Service or HI&hll&hts 
• Perms . FUll Set 
• Manlc:Uf'e or Pecic ... e • Eyebrow or Up Wall", 

AlII for AIel. or M8II1curitt Vlctoril 
Fiflt time cl l8t'lts only With couoon. May not be 

combined. Good t~u 3/22/ 05. One coupon per person 
per villt. 

Sill SlUICES 
Mlcroderm.brIslon 
$30 OFF 
1st Session reg , $95 or 

1 Hour Facl.1 
$20 OFF 

European Reg. $65 
AlII for Kyoko 

f irst time ellentS only wltn coupon. May not 
be combined. Good lhrv 3/12/ 05 One coupOn 

Volleyball,: Honnette leads Tritons in kills 
3151 Holiday Ct. OM 

858-455·0909 
~o~e £a~C2Py ... a~o~ !!,om II ~/!!.O !nd_R~k!l0~o!!! 
: Mystic T.n : l;'; 518" : 

continued from page 12 
losing it later. They led 11-8 early 
on, but the Matadors tied it up 
later, at 16- 16. UCSD was still in 
position to win the m3tch, howev-
er, until Cal State North ridge 
went on a 14-5 run to win the first 
game, 30-21 . The Matadors' vic-
tory was due to their .289 attack 
percentage, compared to the 
Tritons' stat of .098, 

The Tritons kept it close in the 
second game as well, down by on ly 
one point, 16- 17. Once again, the 
Matadors steppped up to the chall-
lenge, going an a 3-0 run to widen 
their lead to 20- 16 before winning 
the game, 30-26. The second game 
was the closest of the match in 
score and in statistics. The Tritons 

managed to out-hit Cal State 
Northridge, .267 to .244. 

The third game was less to the 
advantage of the Tritons as the 
Matadors regained their superior 
attaclcing percentage, .194 to .049. 

. Cal State Northridge had an 8-2 
lead early on and held it until 
UCSD started a comeback attempt 
and cut the lead to 16-12. The run 
ended there and the Matadors ran 
away with a 30-20 victory in game 
three and a suaight-set victory in 
the match . 

The Matadors dominated sta-
tistically as well as on the court, 
out-hitting the Tritons .245 to .142 
for the match and recording 12.5 
team blocks compared to UCSD's 
eight. 

Honnene, who topS the Tritons 
for lcills this season, led the team 
with 11 ki lls against the Matadors. 
Senior outside hitter Adam Toren 
did his part wi th 10 ki lls and four 
digs. Tai led the team in assists wi th 
17, while Dierdorff led all Tritons 
with 35 digs. 

NLESS : Buy 1 Get 1 ,IJ SD~t04UMITED I FREE : MONTHLY I 
I F'om limo cul10mlR only. I TANNlto4G 
I s .. salon IOf delAi • . TAN I _ _ ~x~ ~~ _ _ ~ __ :"'.:. ~~: _ _ .... 

or less>. -~ ,ilii - I - - - - - - - - -, 
: orUItr.lcd : TAN FOR ONLY : 
I Buy S $,95 I $1.00 I 
I foronly ... , A DAY' I 
I in padcages of 10 or mote. I I 

Pk!J:.s. tunt UseD 10 ' Min 0130 consecutIVe 
I {'II. 3/7/05 I days. e",. 317~5 

Posting an 0- 12 record, the 
Tritons need to start loolcing for a 
new way to find their first wi n. 
The next opportunity to do so will 
be at a Feb. 23 away game against 
Pacific. The Tritons won one 
game against Pacific earlier this 
year, but lost the match 1-3. On 
Feb. 24, the team will travel to 
Stanford to face the Cardinal, who 
beat the Tritons in straight sets on 
Jan. 21. 

~ sllAao WORtO OSCARS 
~ This THURSDAY in ~tAN Hiatus 

» UCSD's priority deadline 
for filing the FAFSA (or 
renewal FAFSA) is 
March 2. 

2005-06 
FINANCIAL AID 

DEADLINE 
• 

Asia I Barbados ~ a".:zif,l En,ta~d l france. ! Germany 
Italy i M~~ i SQut.h~t Asia! Spaln. . 
S~rlMd l Taiwan ! Th~ NedlerlMdsl~IB~l.'m 

» Don't miss out on financial aid for next year -
apply by the deadline. 

;0, ~, 

T~"l" , , 
UC8 students in good standing 

" Students from cIIy college 
. Adults coinmited to ;'ious wdy -

Hidl $hool student. w,o ho~ 
completed the 11 th grade 

tid." 
, Ean Uniwn ity aedit 
. Vilit disanl pIac:es 
. Combine)<)Vl' IrCMl & sludy 

FinCl'lcici aid is' avoiloble ; 
Open enrOllment 

Use of Email Co.mmunication 
The FinandatAid Office utilizes email as an offidal 
means of communication with students. 
» Maintain and review your UCSD email account 

on a regular basis. 

» Check this website for information on 
managing your UCSD email account: 
http://acs.ucsd.edu/student 

» Contact Academic Computing at 
(858) 534-4060 for assistance with 
your UCSD email account. 

' , ' , • • • I " • 



Tritons annihilate Coyotes 
Water polo shuts out San Bernardino, 10-0 

By DANIEL DIAl 
Senior Staff Writer 

The UC 0 women's water 
polo team bounced back with a 
bang from four consecutive losses, 
dominati ng Cal State San 
Bernardino on both sides of the 
pool in a 10-0 rout Feb. 19 at 
Canyon view Pool. 

The shutout was UCS D's first 
since 2000. Senior driver Jessica 
\.Vong nearly slink the Coyotes 
si ngle-ha nQedly, with three goals 
in the second period to give the 
Tri tons a 5-0 advantage at half-
ti me. UCS D (2-5 overall, 1-2 
\ Vestern Water Polo As ociation) 
went 5-for-7 on man-up opportu-
nities, while converting two 
counter attacks for goals. 

Senior driver Tobi Lyman , 
junior driver Flynn LaRochelle and 
sophomore two-metcrs Sarah 
Bajorek and Brina ordstrolll each 
notched a goal for the Tritons. 
Freshmen also left their mark as 
utility Lauren Wood, driver 
E lizaheth I [ahn and two-meter 
Judy Ema us each earned their fi rst 
colt'egiate goals, while goaltender 
Kim llockett made 11 Stops. 

"It wa a good time ro get out 
Jnu play in the sense that there are 
teams that are going to give us 
challenges and teams lhat we 
should beat," UCSD head coach 
Larry Sanders sa id . "It' rare in 
water polo to get a shutout, so to 
be able to do that against a confer-
ence ream was a big thing for us." 

Wong broke open the flood -
gate after a modest 2-0 first peri-
od for UCSD, tallying a hat trick 
in a little over three-a nd-a-half 

Kaia LaVGuordian 
Hunting season: Two-meter guard Sarah Bajorek and the UCSD women's 
water polo devastated Cal State San Bernardino in a 10-{) rout. 
minutes before the intermission. 

"On our counters, we were 
working on finding pockets in the 
pool where we could cross some 
passes to people and we were get-
ting more shots off," Sanders aid. 
"We had some fun and got some 
things done. " 

After Bajorek scored at the 
3: 16 mark o( the third quarter, 
Sanders sent in the reserves to get 
in some pool time and Woods and 
Emaus scored a goal apiece. 

"It was good getting our non-
starters out because by giving 
them more experience and run-
ning our plays efficiently, we were 
able to get more depth in our line-
up. and we were able to see more 

opportunities down the pool ," 
Sanders said . 

Hahn capitalized on one of 
those opportunities in the fourth 
quarter to earn her goal on a six-
on-five advantage with 2: 15 left. 
After noticing that the posts were 
left unmarked on the last power 
play, Bajorek swam to one of those 
open areas and dished a pass to 
Hahn for the score. 

Nordstrom's goal with 1:45 left 
put the exclamation point on the 
double-digit margin of victory. 

"Anytime you shut out ~ con-
ference team, it shows them that if 
you want to win conference, 
you're going to have to go 
through us," Sanders said. 

TUESDAY 
FEBRUARY 22, 2005 

12 

Men's volleyball still 
search~ng for a win 

By RAEL ENTEEN 
Staff Writer 

Another weekend has passed 
and ' the UCSD men's volleyball 
team has tacked on another twO 
losses to its disappointing season 
record. The Tritons (0-12 overall, 
0-11 Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation) dropped games to twO 
tough competitors, No. 8 Cal State 
Northridge and No. 9 UC Santa 
Barbara. 

The Tritons lost to the Gauchos 
on Feb. 19 in straight sets, 30-27, 
30-19, 30-26, just a night after los-
ing to the Matadors, 30-21 , 30-26, 
30-20. The loss to UC Santa 
Barbara (8-7 overall, 8-4 MPSF) 
came at RIMAC Arena, but the 
home-court advantage did not pay 
off. In game one, the Tritons 
trailed despite a healthy attack per-
centage of .351. The Gauchos out-
performed their upponents with a 
.444 stat. 

In game two, UC Santa Barbara 
fell to a .2 92 attack percentage, but 
the Tritons could not step up and 
take advantage. Rather, UCSD 
flailed and lost the match, mainly 
due to an attack percentage of 
.000. 

The final game was the closest 
of the three. UCSD managed to 
stay within one point for most of 
the match, but UC Santa Barbara 
pulled away for a 30-26 win in the 
game and a 3-0 win in the match . 

The Tritons were out-hit .3 79 
to .196 and out-blocked, 12 to 4. 
Although UCSD's team stats were 
not up to par, some individuals 
stood out. Sophomore outside hit-
ter Mike Reuter led the way with 

Johnny Vy/GuoroKJn 
Elusive one: Sophomore outside hitter 
Mark Reuter and the Tritons are winless 
almost halfway through the season. 
13 kills, senior outside hitter Luke 
Honnette had 10 kills and five digs, 
senior libero Dickens Tai led in the 
digs category witll 11 , and sopho-
more setter Brooks Dierdorff had 
34 assis ts. 

On Feb. 18, the lfitons had 
difficult task taking on the 
Matadors (8-6 ove rall , 4-6 
MP F). Unlike the match against 
UC Santa Barbara, the Tritons 
actually led in game one before 

See VOLLEYBALL, Page I I 

Fencing dominates 
Fullerton, Cal Tech 

Women's basketball goes 1,1 
UCSD falls to CSUSB, crushes CSUMB 

Greg Dale/Guardian 
Hats off: Senior captain Tim Tibbs (foreground) reacts to his victory over a Cal 
State Fullerton opponent on Feb. 13. The Tritons also topped Cal Tech. 

By EVANWANC 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD fenci ng squad trav-
eled to Fullerton, Calif., on Feb. 13 
to take on two conference oppo-
nents, Cal Tech and Cal State 
F ull erton. The Tritons gave a 
strong performance, With the men 
going 2 -0 and the women I- I, as 
the season moves into the home 
stretch, including the Junior 
Olympics, Western Divisional 
C hampionships and NCAA 
C hampionships. 

In a bout last November 
between these three teams, the 
Triton men and women defeated 
both their Cal Tech and Cal State 
Ful lerton counterparts. This time, 

both the men 's and women's squads 
picked up victories against Cal 
Tech, brushing the Beavers aside, 
2 1-6 and 22 -5, respectively. 

The match pitting the Tritons 
against the TItans was more hard-
fought as the men - who won 14-
13 in November - prevailed once 
again, 15- 12 . The women lost a 
nail -biter, 13- 14, to a strong Cal 
State Fullerton team. With the loss 
to the Titans, the Triton women 
have now suffered their first confer-
ence loss, tying them for first place 
with the TItan women at 7- 1. 
Overall, the UCSD women are 14-
7. 

Freshman epeeist Chelsea 

See FENCINC, Page II 

By KELU PRAKASH 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD women's basket-
ball team went I ~ 1 in i~ most 
recent road trip, falling to Cal 
State San Bernardino on Feb. 16 
and trouncing Cal State Monterey 
Bay on Feb. 19. The matches 
brought UCSD's record to 14-9 
overall and 10-6 in the California 
Collegiate Athletic Association. 

The Tritons were defeated by 
the Coyotes (16-6 overall, 10-5 
CCAA), 61-68, in an exciting sec-
ond half at Coussoulis Arena in 
San Bernardino, Calif. T he 
Coyotes went into the game as 
No. 9 in the regional west, but 
now move to No. 4 with tlleir win 
over UCSD. The Tritons remain 
at No. 10. 

Junior forward Karina Siam led 
the Tritons with a game-high 16 
points. Senior center Margaret 
Johnson followed with II points 
and 11 rebounds, her II th double-
double of the season. Sophomore 
guard Leora Juster managed six 
points and seven rebounds, while 
sophomore forward Hillary 
Hansen, sophomore guard Kim 
Buffum and senior forward Katie 
McGann finished with eight points 
each. Buffum also aided the Tritons 
with three assists. 

Cal State San Bernardino's 
senior center Sequoia Williams 
stole the court with 20 points, 16 of 
which came in the second half. 
Senior forward Nabosa Basse -and 
senior guard Joyce Proctor each 
contributed 13 points, while Leilani 
Trrona added 10 points to the win. 

\..al State San Bernardino was 
especially strong from the free 
tluow line, converting 85 percent 
(22 -for-26). UCSD went 73 per-
cent in the first half and 80 per-
cent in the second half from the 
charity line. Both teams were im-
ilar statistically, with the Tritons 
trailing slightly in field-goal com-
pletions and three pointers. 
UCS D averaged 41 percent in 
fie ld goals and 25 percent in long-
distance shooting, while Cal State 
San Bernardino averaged 44 per-
cent in field goals and 29 percent 
in three-point shooting. 

The Tritons led 31-26 at the 
end of the first half, but the second 
half was the real game decider. Cal 
State San Bernardino emerged 
from the deficit to take the lead in 
the 16th minute of the second half 
with a jumper from Basse. At 11 :07, 
Basse completed another to give 
the Coyotes their strongest lead of 
the game, 46-39. UCSD came back 
late in the game to within two 
points of Cal State San Bernardino, 
59-57. Johnson later posted a lay-
up to make the score 63-61 with 34 
seconds [eft on the clock. The 
Coyotes' Williams managed to sink 
two of four free-throw attempts 
and Basse converted another two 
foul shots to take the win. 

The Tritons traveled north to 
challenge Cal State Monterey Bay 
on Feb. 19, defeating the Otters, 
80-48. UCSD overcame Cal State 
Monterey Bay (3-20 overall, 0-16 
CCAA) for the second time this 
season as the Otters finished out 
their first season in the CCAA 
league. 

Even though they only had a 
IO-point lead at half, the Tritons 
managed to get all of their players 
off the bench in the match, and 
every member contributed to the 
game in either points, ass ists or 
rebounds. 

At the 17:05 mark, UCSD led 
the Otters, 40-30, but over the 
next two minutes, the team went 
on a 10-0 run to lead 50-30 with 
15 minutes left. The Triton 
reserves pumped the score by 32 
points before the end of the 
match. UCSD was '3lso aided by 
an extremely strong free-throw 
average, going 28-for-32 (.875) 
against the Otters. 

Johnson led the Tritons in scor-
ing, contribl,lting 18 points and 
nine rebounds. Juster wasn't far 
behind, adding 16 points and seven 
rebound , as well as four assists and 
four steals in the match. Buffum 
posted nine points, and junior 
guard Andrea Herold and sopho-
more forward Hillary Hansen each 
added six and nine points, respec-
tively. Freshman forward Megan 
Eshilian had five rebounds for the 
win. 

Key players for the Otters 
included Jennifer Lopez, with 12 
points and eight rebounds, Denise 
Sanchez, with nine points, and 
Michelle Ha[e, who added eight 
points and six rebounds in the loss. 

The Tritons will return home 
to RIMAC Arena on Feb. 25 to 
challenge Cal State Dominguez 
Hills and Feb. 26 to play Cal Poly 
Pomona, both at 5:30 p.m. The 
Feb. 26 game will honor the five 
seniors in their final home game. 


