
HIATUS 

Cinema celebration 
The lunafest film festival, supporting women filmmakers 
and women's health, makes its first appearance at UCSD. 

page 7 

AS. Council at a Glance 2 
Opinion 4 
Thursday Coupons • 
Album Reviews • 
Dance Preview • 
Classifieds 10 

SPOIlS 
Sports vs. 
grades " .... u .. .,~ 
Should the NCAA f.j -
eliminate athletic I 
scholarships? I 
page 12 

THE UCSD 

UC SAN DIEGO THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 2005 

Kiosk hit third robbery 
Police believe same man responsible 

• In 

By VLADIMIR KOGAN 
News Editor 

A masked man stole approxi-
mately $300 at gunpoint from the 
Gilman Information Booth, the 
third armed robbery at a campus 
parking kiosk in less than two 
months. 

Officers at the UCSD Police 
Department said they believe the 
same man, possibly a campus affil-
iate, is respon ible for the crimes. 

"We haven't had a series of 
armed robberies like this one at 
UCSD in the 24 years that I've been 
here," Sgt. Bob Jones said. "We're 
concerned, obviously, for the safety 
of our employees here at UCSD, 
because this guy is using a weapon. 
That's a very serious situation." 

The description of the perpetra-
tor in the most recent robbery, 
which toolc place at 8:20 p.m. onJan. 
14, matched that of the earlier 
crimes, Jones said. The parking 
attendant described the man as 5 
feet 10 inches tall and wearing a 
hooded sweatshirt and gloves. As in 
the previous thefts, clothing con-
cealed the man 's facial features, 
though this time the man wore a 
skeleton mask. Witnesses of the first 

AndIew Mo/Cuordian 
Hit and run: A masked man robbed the Gilman Infonnation Booth at gunPoint on 
Jan. 14, marking the third armed robbery at a parking kiosk since early December. 
two robberies described the man as 
wearing a bandanna and scarf. 

In the two previous parking 
booth robberies on Dec. 8 and Jan. 
5 at Thornton Hospital and North 
Campus, attendants reported a 
total theft of approximately $1,000. 
No other witnesses were present 
for any of the incidents. 

If convicted on aJl three counts, 
the suspect may face up to 15 years 

Berkeley denies report of 
law school privitization 

By WIWAM CHING 
Staff Writer 

UC Berkeley administrators 
have denied a recent Los Angtks 

• TimtS report suggesting that the 
dean of its Boalt Hall School of 
Law had plans to take the school 
private. 

"Boalt HaJllaw school's goals 
are not a 'privatization plan,'" UC 
Office of the President spokes-
woman Ravi Poorsina said. 

Such a move would strip 
Berkeley of all public funding, she 
said. 

"What the dean is suggesting 
for Boalt Hall is increased private 
support," Poorsina said. .. AJI 
graduate programs in the UC sys-
tem seek to do that. It connotes a 
more encompassing idea, raising 
private funds." 

Poorsina said the University of 

California has increased its efforts 
to attract private donors. 

"We have also stepped up [the 
university's] efforts in soliciting 
private donations," she said. "The 
need has been increasing the past 
few years." 

The word "privatization" and 
its implications can be easily mis-
construed, Poorsina said. 

"First and foremost, Boalt 
Hall is part of University of 
CaJifornia, and at the end of the 
day, we aJI want the same thing _ 
for the university system to be 
successful," she said. 

Boalt Hall's Director of 
Communications MoUy Colin said 
the state's financial role, which has 
generally always been supportive, 
would continue under the plan. 

"State funding historically 

See IOALT, Page 6 

WEATHER 

_lO _11 
H76 L49 HnL48 

SPOKEN 
"Boalt Hall law 
school's gools are 

not a 'privitization 
plan. '" 

SURF 
REPORT 

1/20 
Vt\nd: 7·9 It 
Heisht: 10 kt. 

w.r Temp.: 5&59 des 

_n Jan 
H 74 L49 H75L49 

- bvI PooninI, 
~uc of .... President 

1/21 
'Mod: 7-9 It. 
Heiaht: 10 kt. 

w.r Temp~ 52·55 des 

in prison , in accordance with the 
California Penal Code. The use of 
a weapon may extend the sentence 
past 20 years, Jones said. 

"That's what he faces when we 
catch him, and we will catch him," 
he said. 

Over time, more information 
about the suspect is likely to sur-

See THEFT, Page 3 

Board club 
expelled 

from 
campus 

Quarter-long 
. 

suspenSIon 
centers on 

campus policy 
By CHARLES NGUYEN 

Staff Writer 

Board@UCSD, one of the 
largest on-campus student orga-
nizations with approximately 
300 members, has been sus-
pended from holding campus 
activities pending further 
administrative review of club 
policies and conduct, according 
to club president Corene Petlin. 

The group, which organizes 
snowboarding, wakeboarding and 
surfing trips as weU as parties, was 
suspended without warning by 
Student Organizations and 
Leadership Opportunities offi-
ciaJs at the end of fall quarter in 
December, Petlin said. 

"According to our commu-
nications ... our suspension 

Ste CLUI, p. 3 

VOLUME I T4, ISSUE 6 

Drugs, alcohol thought 
involved in junior's death 

By VLADIMIR KOGAN 
News Editor 

Police believe a mix of alcohol 
and drugs may have played a role in 
the Jan. 14 death of Sixth College 
junior Daniel Ashkenazy, according 
to Sixth College Dean of Student 
Affairs James Stascavage. 

"We're deeply saddened by 
Daniel's passing," Stascavage said . 
"His death i a profound loss to the 
UCSD and Sixth College comm\!-
nities." 

Ashkenazy's housemates discov-
ered his body at approximately 12 
p.m., according to Eleanor 
Roosevelt senior Christopher 
Oviedo. 

Oviedo, who knew the Marin 
County native through college and 
served as his "big brother" in the 
Delta Sigma Phi fraternity, spoke at 
the J an. 16 memorial service 
attended in Terra Linda, Calif., by 
approximately 45 fraternity mem-
bers. 

"He really valued the important 
things in life; mainly his friend and 
his family," Oviedo said . "He wa a 
very unique and charismatic in(li-
vidual, quite the character, as all of 
his friends knew." 

It is believed that his death was 
accidental. A final cause of death 
will be determined only after 90 
days, according to the San Diego 
County medica l examiner. 

Ashkenazy attended an informal 
social gathering on the night of 
Jan. 14. Oviedo said. 

Detective Gary I lassen, a 
spokesman for the San Diego 
Police Department, was not avail-
able to provide more information 
about the circumstances urround-
ing the death. 

"Daniel's famil y has emphasized 
to me that we be very open about 
the cau e of death 0 that other snl-
dents know the dangers of alcohol 
and drug abuse," Stascavage aid. 

See DEATH. Page 2 

Researchers say climate 
change questions remain 

Travis Ball/Guardian 
Oimate stress: Scripps Institution of Oceanography Director Charles Kennel (right) 
and other faculty members discussed global warming research at a Jan. 18 symposium. 

ByUSAMAK 
Associate News Editor 

Faculty members from the 
Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography and other campus 
science departments discussed the 
atmospheric effects of global 
warming at a special talk onJan. 18. 
The event was the second lecture in 
a series of global warming symposia 
scheduled as a part of the 40th 
anniversary of Revelle College. 

While the first symposium on 
Jan. 11 centered on the effects of 
climate change, the latest event 
focused on the science behind the 
changes. 

During his lifetime, Roger 
Revelle made many contributions 
to research regarding global cli-
mate change. According to Gustaf 
Arrhenius, a Scripps professor 3nd 

one of the panel speakers at the 
event, Revelle was responsible for 
discovering that the chemistry of 
seawater prevents ocea ns from 
absorbing excess ca rbon dioxide 
caused by human activities. 

The speakers emphasi zed that, 
while scientists generally agree that 
the Earth is warming and that this 
is a concern, there is debate about 
the actual rate of warming and how 
to mitigate the problem. 

"We're dealing with a system 
here in which we human beings -
all 6 billion of us - are recent addi-
tions to the mix, where all the his-
tory of our species has been as spec-
tators of the great pageant of glob-
al change," Scripps professor 
Richard Somerville aid . "Now 
we've come up on the stage and 

See WARMING, Page 3 



1 NEWS 

I BRIEFLY 
Dynes to visit campus for 

Town Hall meeting 
UC President Robert C. Dynes will discuss 

university issues with campus faculty, staff and 
students at a Town Hall meeting planned for 
Jan. 24. 

The UCSD visit is the last in a series that is 
part of Dynes' inaugural tour, which began last 
year when he was named president 

In an open meeting that will begin at 2 p.m. 
in Price Center Ballroom B, the former UCSO 
chancellor will address issues such as the state 
budget, and will also take questions from the 
audience. 

University installs first 10-
gigabit network in country 

The nonprofit Corporation for Education 
Network Initiatives in California, which provides 
Internet services for the University of Califomia, 
has installed the nation's first production 10-
gigabit Ethernet campus connection at UCSD. 
The new connection upgrades the campus' 
previous one-gigabit network capacity. 

"This connection re~resents both a major 
milestone for California s research and educa-
tion community and a revolutionary model for 
the rest of the nation," CENIC President and 
Chief Operating Officer Jim Dolgonas stated in 
a company announcement 

The university estimated the new link will 
provide an "unprecedented wide-area net-
work capacity' that will accommodate the 
larger data transfer and distributed collabora-
tion used particularly in biomedical and 
ocean sciences. 

It will not replace the university's faster con-
nections for specialized research projects, 
according to Chancellor Marye Anne Fox. 

Kennedy calls for college 
guarantee for needy 

Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.), the 
ranking member on the Senate Health, 
Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, has 
called on the govemment to sign a contract 
that would promise all eighth graders a college 
education regardless of their family's abil ity to 
pay. 

"The contract will state that if you work hard, 
if you finish high school and are admitted to 
college, we will guarantee you the cost of earn-
ing a degree: he said in a Jan. 12 speech out-
lining the "Democratic Blueprint for America's 
Future' before the National Press Club. "Surely, 
we have reached a stage in Americ;a where we 
can say it and mean it - cost must never be a 

dayton WorfoIk E4Itor In CIIIef 
Mather Martin MlucJeI Yton 

Grant SchfIder 
Nathan Miklos eo" EdIkn 
Heather Welles 

Vladimir Kogan NewS' E4IIot 
lisa Mile AssocIate News EcIItot 

B.yan T5IO 0pII:I0n Editor 
Marianne MaddM AssocI_ 0pinI0II Editor 

Matthew Grant Sports EdIIar 
Cynthia Blade Chavez AsIodm Sports Editor 

HaIlS Fellm.nn Feltures Ecitor 
tan S. Port HIatus Editor 
Sarah Mak AssocIate HYtus EditoI's 

Nella Singh 
Travis Ball Photo Editor 

An na MacMurdo AssociIte Photo EcftIor 
Andrew Nguyen Desip Editor 

Editorill AssIsWtt 
Petrick Allen 
PIp Layout 

Richard Choi, Jia Gu. I.Iwrence Hu~ Utako Ueda, 
John Yao 

eo" Readers 
Emily Allen, Christy Fadof, Eunice HwangOO, 

Melanie Smith 

Adrienne Ferrari Business ........ 
Michael Foulks AMrtIIII'I ........ 
Mike Martinez Mvestllln& Art DINdDr 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 2005 

bar to college education.' 
As part of his speech, Kennedy outlined 

positions on issues including abortion, gay 
marriage and Social Security reform. He also 
urged the Bush administration to "real ize that 
America cannot expand opportunity and 
embrace the future on a tin-cup education 
budget." 

Under his proposal, needy graduate stu-
dents studying math or science would receive 
free tuition, as would undergraduates who 
serve as math or science teachers in public 
schools for at least four years. 

Researchers find students 
would pick healthy foods 
In an announcement coinciding with new 

federal government dietary guidelines calling 
for increased consumption of fruits and veg-
etables, UC researchers said they have found 
evidence that children would eat healthy foods 
if given the choice. 

In a study conducted by the UC Davis-
based, statewide Sustainable Agriculture 
Research and Education Program, data from 
elementary students at districts participating in 
farm-to-school salad bar programs suggested ' 
that kids voluntarily choose to eat fresh fruits 
and vegetables, according to food systems ana-
lyst Ga~ Feenstra. 

Black hole three-tenths of a 
light year away 

Tens of thousands of black holes orbit a 
"monstrous' black hole in the center of the 
Milky Way, estimated to be 26,000 light years 
away, UCLA astronomers have found. 

In a presentation at the annual meeting of 
the American Astronomical Society in San 
Diego, UCLA postdoctoral Hubble Fellow 
Michael Muno unveiled research suggesting 
the presence of a black hole just three-tenths 
of a light year away. 

Abalone may help develop 
bulletproof bOdf armor 

UCSO engineers are working to see if they 
can use the shells of abalone - a seaweed-
eating mollusk - in the development of a 
new generation of bullet-stopping armor. 
Most prized for use in jewelry, the shells have 
interested researchers in their ability to 
absorb heavy blows without breaking. 

Jacobs School of Engineering professor 
Marc A. Meyers explained the first steps of the 
shell's formation in an article published in the 
journal Materials Sa'ence and Engineering. 

...... ·'Ilrl_ 
Emilee ~ ICimIIerIee -.m 

AMftIlb" AIIIItIIIt 
SlIqJer 

..... MIIJts .. 
1IueXlonJ 
....... 
Josh Rose 

AdveItIsIni DIIIp .. Uyout 
Shelley Matsutani 

CIradIIton 
Albert t..amuda 

TIe uaD c..-.m Is ~ Mondoys ard. '!hIJndays 
dlmt tie ¥.adem;c)W I¥ and for 1he !IUdI!rtI d UCSO. 

~ d ti$ '-ICJIPIW """."bm. ........ in 
...,.. or in poll, wfII1M pwmission is WitCIf pooI'i>iIId. c 
2005. .. 'WU I'eMM!d. TIre (.CD ~ 5 I1CI\ ,.,.,.. 
bit foI1he """'" 01 ontOIcrIed ~ QI ort. lI1e-' 
~ heren do no! ~,.. __ tie apinions 01 
TIe uaD c..-.m, the UnMmy of Cdfifomia Of 
AssociIltl!d Studerns The UCSD Guorr:Iian is funded solely 
by adoen~rns Corns a>moc-posrai. 

General Editor;'l : 858-534-6581 
News .,d Feitures: 858-534-5226 

Opinion. 5pons, Photo: 858-534-6582 
Hiatus: 8$&.534-6583 
~"I OffIce: 858-S34-l466 

fa: .,..SU-1U. 
E-moiI:~.rwg 

~ONlINE 
WWW.ucsd8uardlan.or8 

rII. UCSD GllGtdIan 
9500 GHmu Dttwt, OS11 
La w.. CA notJ.fS1. 
~ 1otrIIIott~ S«otNI RDoI; UCSO 
SIUdant c.-1IIdg. A.'" 217 

I ETCETERA ••• 

I A.S. COUNCIL AT A GLANCE 
A.S, Meeting .17 - Jan. 19,2004 

Public Input 
Alex Schafgans, the president of the 

UCSD Student Foundation, told the council 
that the foundation has arranged a fundrais-
er withJaclc in the Box restaurants. On Jan. 
26 and an. 27, students from UCSD will 
perform taste tests at the company's innova-
tion headquarters. For every 120 students 
participating, Jack in the Box will contribute 
$4,000 to the UCSD Student FOWldation 
for philanthropic efforts on campus. 
Shuttles will leave from Revelle Plaza at var-
ious times of the morning and the trip will 
last for twO hours. 

Council Caucus 
The council discussed the pros and cons 

of undergraduate intercollegiate scholar-
ships for campus athletes. According to 
Eleanor Roosevelt College Freshman 
Senator Franklin Matranga, Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs Joseph W 
Watson is currently examining the possibil-
ity of granting a $500 annual scholarship to 
each of the 600 student-athletes at UCSD, 
provided that the athletes maintain a 2.5 

GPA and complete over 36 units per year. 
This plan would take $300,000 of unas-
signed registration fees to pay for the schol-
arship, which would bring the campus into 
compliance with NCAA standards for 
Division H schools. 

Among the concerns voiced were the 
possibili ty of using registration fees for 
other student services and the desire for stu-
dent-athletes to be considered as students 
rather than athletes. 

Additionally, some members of the 
council expressed a desire for larger schol-
arships to be given to the student-athletes 
who demonstrate exceptionally academic 
and athletic performance. In an unofficial 
and uncounted vote, no member of the 
council opposed the idea of athletic scholar-
ships, but instead opposed the use of regis-
tration fees. 

Announcements 
Commissioner of Diversity Affairs 

Christopher Sweeten announced that there 
will be speakers and an interfaith service for 
the victims of the Southeastern Asian tsuna-
mi on Jan. 26 from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. in Price 
Center Ballroom B. 

- Compiled by Patrick Allen 
Smio1' Staff Wriul' 

Death: Mother urges awareness of 
threats posed by substance use 

conrinued from page I 
Ashkenazy was attending meetings of 

Alcoholics Anonymous at the time of his 
death, according to friend and Revelle 
College junior Sean Breuner. 

Known for his athleticism and work 
ethic, Ashkenazy was a "natural comedian" 
among his friends, he said. 

"I t's a shame how alcohol abuse can ruin 
sorneone's life," Oviedo said. "How it can 
mask wonderful qualities that one possesses. 
It takes one night of alcohol to change your 
whole life, whether it be jail, death or dis-
ease. One night can dictate the rest of your 
entire life." 

The tragedy provides a chance to discuss 
the availability of substance abuse programs 
provided free to smdents by Psychological 
and Counseling Services, which is also offer-
ing grief counseling for those dealing with the 
death, according to Director Reina Juarez. 

"This is a very important opportunity for 
all of us to learn about the tragedy that can 
befall upon us," she said. "My hope is that 
(this event) can turn into a growth and a pos-
itive experience so we can prevent these 

tragedies in our community." 
Approximately 28 percent of UCSD stu-

dents binge drink in a given two-week peri-
od, consuming more than five drinks for men 
or four for women in a shorr period of time, 
according to psychologist Jerry Phelps. who 
works at the university'S cou nseling program. 

"It's a dangerous problem and it's here at 
UCSO," he said. "Most UCSD students 
don't drink harmfully, but there are still lots 
of srudents who binge drink." 

In addition to peer feedback and individ-
ual appointments, Psychological and 
COWlseling Services runs a weekly drop-in 
meeting for group therapy, Phelps said. 

As a result of the death, Sixth College 
administrators are considering a forum to 
discuss the threats of substanee abuse and 
possible campus solutions, according to Sixth 
College Provost Gabriele Wienhausen. 

Ashkenazy's mother expressed interest in 
playing a role in coordinating such an event, 
according to Stascavage. 

Rtlldtrr ell" eontllet Vladimi,. Koga" at 
news l@ucsdguardian.org. 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEW. 

Theft: Students urged to report 
tips to department's investigators 

continued /rom page I 
face, according to Jones. 

"Every time he commits a crime - every. 
time there is another incident - we gather 
more information and collect more leads, 
which will lead us to his eventual identity," 
J ones said . "It's been my experience in the 
33 years that I've been in law enforcement 
that, over a period of time, criminals share 
with other people their exploits. It's human 
nature : You want to share with others that 
whi ch you have done." 

T hough he would not discuss specific 
steps the deparanent is taking as part of the 
Ifwestigation, Jones said it could coordinate 
with the San Diego Police Department. 

"It's certainly most important that people 
recognize the reality that, when you come onto 
a UC campus, you're not on some free, safe 
zone thats ifTUllWle to criminal behavior," he 
said, urging students to remain vigilant. 
"People always have [Q be, to a degree, on 
guard and aware of their surroWldings. Should 
they be in a location and a time where they are 
able to notice a criminal act, they need to get 
to a place of safety and report it immediately." 

Tips can be reported to the depart-
ment's investigation bureau by calling 
(858) 534-0445. 

Readers t'U1I comllct Vladimir Kogan at 
news l@ucsdguardian.org. 

Warming: Climate changes possess 
costly consequences, professor says 

conrinued fro m page I 
we're actors in the system, too." 

Aside from carbon dioxide, there are other 
particles in the air, such as carbon monoxide 
and nitrous oxide, that also contribute to 
global warming but are much harder to mea-
sure, according to physical sciences Dean 
Mark Thiemans. Thiemans said he encour-
aged the audience to examine the issue of cli -
mate change from different perspectives. 

"Ozone [causes] cardiovascular disease, 
[and] you have 10 milli on work hours a year 
of people being sick and staying home 
because of cardi ovascula r distress, so how 
many dollars does that translate into?" 
Thiemans said. "It's a significant aspect, tied 
up with global climate, tied up with hum an 
health, and also tied up with being able to 
try to understand where [global warming] 
comes from." 

Thiemans suggested that many areas of 
research needed further exploration of cli-
mate change. 

"This is a good example where ... there's 

a lot of room for people that are 18, 19, 20 
years old to be studying fundamental sci-
ence, as Roger Revelle wanted when he 
founded this campus," he said . 

Chemistry and biochemistry professor 
f(jmberiy Prather, who presented addition-
al information on the effects of aerosol par-
ticles in the air, also said she encouraged 
students to take action on global warming. 

"One of the issues [that] I get asked a lot 
about when I travel around the world is 
[that] the U . . is behind," Prather sa id . 
"That's something that you as young people 
going out [into the world) can playa role in . 
You don't have to wait for the federal gov-
ernment [Q figure out the climate is chang-
ing. California is actually the most proactive 
state ... land) we can help educate the public." 

1\"0 more symposia in the eries will be 
held this month. The next one will be held 
on Jan . 25. 

Readers can contact Lisa Mail at 
Imak@ucsd.edu . 

& IRER 1111 mlEIT IEllO Jodi Anderson 
1IIIIlIDEIf 
IIIENT~ESIIIII1 

Adam Rosenthal 
WHERE PRICE CEm.R THEATRE 

WHEN: 2:00 PM FRIDAY JANUARY 21 
aGEl 

Applications 
an application at... 

Chancellor Fox's Office Complex Room 107) 
• http://www.unlversltyofcallfomll.edulregentslstudentreg.html 
• A.S. Executive A,oIoI,nt', OffIce (3< Floor pc, Room 3~ 

Club: Police believe alcohol a 
factor in boarding trip stabbing 

conrinued {rom page I 
was related mostly to our promotion of the 
annual All Cal ski and snowboard trip," 
Perlin sta ted in an e-mail. "In addi ti on, 
however, there have apparently been alle-
gations of violations of UCSO's alcohol 
policies. We strongly contest these allega-
tions and are in the process of meeting with 
administration officials to resolve what we 
believe are misunderstandings of school 
poliey and, ill some case ' , blatant double 
sta ndards." 

The club's S.O.L.O. adviser, Samantha 
Faile, and Assistant Vice Chancellor for 
Student Life Carmen Vazquez declined 
comment pending review of the case. 

All stud ent organizations must abide by 
the Student Conduct Code, which ass igns 
"sponsoring student and college organiza-
tions" the responsibility of insuring compli-
ance with applicable alcohol consumption 
laws as well as UCSD policies, according to 
Director of Student Policies and Judicial 
Affairs Nicholas S. Aguilar. 

The All Cal ski and snow board trip is an 
independent, student-run outing coordinat-
ed by California college students. 

In addition to the suspension, 
Board@UCSD has faced controversy sur-
rounding the latest All Cal trip to Telluride, 
Colo. During the winter-break trip, a 
UCSO student almost bled to death after a 
UC Riverside student allegedly stabbed him, 
according to Mountain Village Poli ce 
Department lnve tigator Robert Walraven. 

When MVPD officers reported to 
Mountain Lodge on Dec. 15 , they found 
J ohn Muir College senior Ross Rhoades suf-
fering major blood loss from a wound to the 
brachial artery of his arm, Walraven said . 

Witnesses described an altercation 
between victim and alleged assailant, UC 
Riverside student Nickolous Buchholz, which 
led to the stabbing, according to Walraven. 

"For the most part, all witness statements 
were consistent," Walraven said. "We had 
over 10 witnesses that, in summary, 
described an altercation that escalated to the 

victi m's stabbing. 
Their statements aided in the arre t of the 

suspected anacker, and alcohol may have been 
a factor in the exchange between victim and 
assailant, MVPD officials sa id. 

Both parries had JUSt left a bar in 
Telluride before Rhoades was stabbed, 
according to Walraven. However, no blood 
alcohol test was taken of ei ther student. 
MVPO filed fo rmal first-degree assault 
charges late last week. 

\Nhile there was uspicion of alcohol 
involvement in the All Cal trip stabbing, it 
had no bea ri ng on the suspension uf 
Board@UCSO, according to Perlill . 

"The stabbing, which occurred lid tl 
yea r, was an isolated inCident wlthom prece-
dent in All Cal's 52-year history," she S3l(1. 
"As fa r as we know, the stabbing ... i COnl-
pletely unrelated to our suspension Sillce we 
were suspe nded before the trip began." 

Although told by S.O.L. . officials that 
their suspension would end this spring, club 
officers hope to return to normal operations 
as soon as possible, according to Petlin. 

" Board@UCSD has always desired to be a 
positive and responsible member of the 
UCS D communiry," she said. "We look for-
ward to meeting with the administration in 
order to resolve, as soon as po sible, whatev-
er issues may be in the w:ly of our operation. 
Most importantly, however, we wuuld illsl 
like to get back to providing UC D ~mdeflts 
with a healthy social outler." 

A meeting between the dub and OLO 
offi cials has been sched uled for Jan. I . 

Though the allegations of alcohol abuse in 
Board@UCSO's activities remain in question, 
the situation is still regrettable, Aguilar said. 

"The problem of snldents and student 
organizations engaged in the abuse of alcohol 
is unfortunate and contributes to the detri-
ment of students as we ll as their organiza-
tions," he said. " Its my goal to see that stu-
dents engage in activities in healthy t':lshions." 

Readers can contaa Cha1'/eS gll)'w lit 
charles_nguyen@sbcglobal. net. 

All Amtricon ftUfllI~n. ond .oOOnt In Tokyo Is .xpostt! 10 a 
myst.rious IUptlllCltvrol '"''', one Ih.llo<h a plrson in 0 paoliul 
.. btfo,. d.imint thei, lif. and spftadin, to anolh., yi(tim. Itarring 
Saroh Mkhtllt G,llar ond Joson Ith,. 

1M SII u~ Is shobft up whllllht son 01 JIlt sho'" mo~ boss 
II found d .. d 1l1li 0 Y'1IfIt fhII n ...... 01(" Is levnd II rII, 1(111'. 
lIing a bon.m f." o..or tau. atlYanlog. of JIlt slIUG1ion anti 

makl1 it Io.t lik. he kiUtt! the finntd ,"""If. Os .. r soon , ..... I. 
1"Iizi thol his claim may han Slrious (o~III"'. 111"i", Will 

Smith, IOhrt D. Miro, It .... Z.IIwtte" ond Jack lia<k. 

Film hSMI ftalUring 0 di"rll t,IIIUP of shori films. by, I., Dnd abavi 
_n, 10 rol" monty for tht lltOst (on", Fund. 
Villt _.Iunabar.com III( /lIOII Into 
'-""..,""_l __ ..... n.. 

~1!~.7pm 
Ilol:i1 rubllc 

For more info calt (858) 822-2068 or visit http://theuniversitycenters.ucsd.edu 



EDITORIAL 
Clayton Worfolk 

Editor in Chief 
Mather Martin 
Managing Editor 
Grant Schrader 
Managing Editor 

Vladimir Kopn 
News Editor 
BIyan Tsao 

Opinion Editor 

The UCSD Guardian is published lYice a week at the University of California at San Diego. 
Contents 10 2005. Views expressed herein represent the majority vote of the editorial board and 

dre not necessarily those of the U( Board of Regellts. the ASU(SD or the members of the 
Guardian staff. 

University must prove 
Preuss efficacy 

I na time of tight bud-ets, UCSD must take a fong- and hard look at its 
priorines, including Preuss 
School. 

Unless the Legislature 
can come through with 
unexpected funds, the 
University of California will 
need to slash more than $17 
million next fall, to be split 
between enrollment reduc-
tions and outreach cuts. UC 
President Robert C. Dynes 
has previously indicated his 
intention to use university 
money to support outreach 
beyond the meager levels 
funded by the state. 

Unlike traditional charter 
schools, which the state's K-
12 education budget fund 
exclusively, UCSD adminis-
trators have used more than 
$500,000 of university out-
reach money each year to 
pay for Preuss School. 

If the university must 
choose between continuing 
to fund this project, among 
other outreach programs,.or 
increasing student enroll-

mellt - a choice the gover-
nor's current budget sug-
gests - administrators bear 
the burden of proving that 
the chaner school provides 
actual benefits. Considering 
last year's study showing that 
Preuss students did no better 
on standardized tests or in 
college admissions than 
other students who applied 
to the charter school, the 
university has not yet met 
this burden. 

In last year's budget, the 
school fared better than 
some other campus out-
reach programs, mcluding 
the Early Academic 
Outreach Program. Unlike 
Preuss School, however, 
EAOP has consistently met 
or even exceeded its goals 
and benchmarks. 

With so few dollars to go 
around, the university must 
show why its charter school 
deserves special protection 
or else stop diverting campus 
funds and rely only on regu-
lar state funding, like other 
comparable schools. 

Pell Grant boost only a 
Band--Aid for higher ed. 
President George W Bush's plan to increase the maximum Pell 
Grant award is a welcome, if 
only symbolic, nod to the 
higher education communi-
ty. Increasing the aid ceiling 
by $500 over the next five 
years, as the president's 
budget will pro{)ose, is a 
worthy gesmre for the 5 
million low-income stu-
dents who receive the grant 
each year, but it is one 
marked by much cause for 
concern. 

Perhaps most discourag-
ing, the president failed to 
live up to a campaign 
promise to raise the maxi-
mum Pell Grant to $5,100 
in his first term. Instead, 
the top award has remained 
at $4,050 for three years, 
even as collee-e costs swell. 
While Bushs recent pro-
posal expounds a more 
modest goal of $4,550, it 
also endeavors to close a 
$4.3 bi ll ion gap in the pro-

gram by adjusting student 
loan tables. The vagaries of 
this proposal have left 
Democrats skeptical and 
raise the all-tao-familiar 
specter of congressional 
underfunding. 

Even if Congress passes 
the aid hike, fewer stu-
den ts will receive the 
award due to late-2004 
changes to the financial aid 
formula that restrict eligi-
bility. Using new tax data 
to calculate awards may 
shore up money to cover 
the program's shortfall -
which supporters argue 
will allow for future maxi-
mum-grant increases -
but it does so at the 
expense of thousands of 
students already counting 
on aid. 

Similarly, increasing the 
maximum Pell Grant award 
by so small an amount is a 
problematic Band-Aid for 
an affliction best described 
as internal bleeding. 

I PROPS & FLOPS 
Extinct: Props to us. District 
Judge Clarence Cooper for 
ruling to curb re/igious~ 
motivated sticker.; on textbooks. 
Don't let the door hit you: 
Props to Regent Ward 
Cannedy's Impending 
retirement. 

Hard sell: Flops to the 
Department of Education for 

hiring a commentator to 
mad\et 'No Child Left Behind ~ 

Big spenders: Flops to 
spending $40 million on a 

presidential inauguration. even 
if it is private money. 

THURSDAY 
JANUARY 20, 2005 

4 

• 

Riley SalanH'earce/Guordion 

Associated Students and 
catnpus TV rife with intrigue 
the watts 

report 
Daniel Watts 

"The devi l's in the details." 
The Jan. 10 meeting of the Closed 

Circuit TV Stations Governance 
Committee was more than it seemed. As reported in 
the Jan. 13 issue of the Guardian, the committee 
rejected "a proposal for campuswide guidelines gov-
erning student-run television" by a vote of 9 to 1: 

The impetus for that vote is far more mterestmg 
than the vote itself. 

Nick Aguilar, UCSD's director of student poli-
cies and judicial affairs and the adrninistr~tion­
appointed chairman o~ the,comnuttee, had ~Ied .to 
reinterpret the committee s charter, expandmg ~ts 
powers beyond their original scope. The commit-
tee's founding documents charge it with the task of 
"reviewing" the governing documents of each sta-
tion for the sake of clarity. Any unclear parts would 
be "discussed" with "those responsible for each of 
the stations." 

According to a student committee member, 
Aguilar'S interpretation was different. Aguilar 
pushed for a set of universal ~Ies that woul~ be 
imposed on every campus station. The commJtt.ee 
wouldn't just review the existing rules; it would wnte 
its own rules and send them baclc to SRTV and the 
college stations for implementation. . 

Each station operates differently and relies on 

somewhat different sources of funding. SRTV has a 
completely different mission than the stations con-
trolled by each college's Residential Life Office. 
which operate the college stations as "learning tools" 
and not public forums. Identical rules would bring 
all stations in line with each other, probably elimi-
nating many of the freedoms currentl y enjuyed by 
SRTV 

Aguilar'S proposal was shot down. He asked the 
room how many agreed with his interpretation of 
the charter, and found himself the only supporter. 
The seven student representatives and twO others in 
the room at the time raised their hands in opposi-
tion. End of story? Not quite. 

Though nothing changed, it's important to take 
note of Aguilar's attempt. Students cycle through 
this campus quickly, and it won't be long before 
everyone who remembers last year's twin TV station 
shutdowns has graduated and moved on. The co-ops 
used to help out, publishing all the dirty details of 
student battles with the administration in an annual 
"disorientation manual," but it hasn't been around 
for a while. 

Details surrounding next quarter's A.S. elections 
are just beginning to emerge. 

The new elections manager, Steve York, seems a 
qualified candidate. He's been a watchdog during the 
Student Center expansion, works for SRTV and has 
run for student government as an independent can-
didate numerous times. 

But York also holds the reins of the infamous 
Koalil newspaper as its new editor. This alone would 
usually nlrn a typical A.S. Council against anyone. 
When added to the charges he fil ed in 2003 that 

ee COLUMN. Page 5 

THURSDAY. JANUARY 20, Z005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN QPINI N S 

Column: Election turmoil hides under the' radar 
conrinued from page 4 

ended up disqualifying the 
Students First! party, the A.S. 
Senate's 15-3-2 confirmation vote 
is all the more surprising. The will-
ingness to put aside past animosi-
ties and do the right thing has not 
been a hallmark of previous A.S. 
Councils. 

Even some of those who voted 
against York did not do so because 
of partisan politics but rather 
because of legitimate concerns 
about the appointment process. 
Other candidates did apply for the 
election manager spot, but only 
York was brought before the coun-
cil. Interviews consisted of only 
A.S. President Jenn Pac, her assis-
tant Jared Feldman and the candi-
date himself. After the interviews, 
only York was presented to the 
council. 

But that's the way it has always 
been done. The election bylaws let 
the president's office pick the elec-
tions manager. Pae isn't required to 
bring any other applicants, no mat-
ter how qualified, before the coun-
ci l for approval. The interview 
process vets the applicants, and the 
council's job is to give an up-or-
down vote. 

nature of UCSD elections. A.S. 
elections vary year by year, alter-
nating between extremely competi-
tive grudge matches to extremely 
lame snoozefests. Last year's was 
something in between. Public dis-
course between the two major par-
ties was polite, but the independent 
candidates made sparks fly. After 
the runoff results were read, stu-
dents lauded the "clean election." 

It was anything but clean. 
Lurlcing beneath the surface 

were threats of disqualifications 

" LUrking beneath the 
surface [of last year's 
A.S. elections] were 
threats of 'mutually 

assured destruction': 
Should one candidate file 

charges I a hailsumn 
would be unleashed by 
the other candidates . " 

made it sta tistically difficult to 
repeat the disqualifications of the 
2003 elections. Chapman assigned 
a "point" value to different types of 
rules violations: One-half point for 
sneezing in the wrong place, 28 
points for murdering one's oppo-
nent, etc. A candidate who reached 
a predetermined number of points 
was disqualified. There was no 
legal basis for Chapman's point sys-
tem; he just made it up. 

This year, York will undoubted-
ly face a similar problem of avoid-
ing disqualifications while keeping 
unruly can'didates in line. 

The easy way out would be to 
codify Chapman's point system, 
aslcing the A.S. Council to pass it 
into law. A more ambitious solution 
would be to scrap most of the rules 
and deregulate the campaign. If 
people put posters in the wrong 
place, the university can deal with 
them as violators of the Student 
Conduct Code instead of turning 
the election manager into the 
poster police. 

WIN A JAMBA JUICE!! 
Take the online education program, Preventing 

Sexual Harassment, and win a FI2EE Jamba Juice!'" 
Just log onto http://oshpp.ucsd.edu 

and click "education &. training" 

·send certificate of completion to Moil Code 0024 by Feb. 14. 2005 

Sponsored by tne Office of Sexual Harassment 
Prevention & Policy (OSHPP) 

201 University Center (corner of Gilman and Me.ye.rs) 
(858) 534-8298 http://oshpp.ucsd.edu 

Pae says her assessment includ-
ed the candidates' current time 
commitments as well as their previ-
ous experience, which helps to 
explain why eminently qualified 
applicants such as A.S. Financial 
Controller Garo Bournoutian 
might have been passed over. 
Bournoutian has more experience 
than most of the A.S. Council 
members put together, but that 
means he probably has hefty time 
commitments in other areas. 
Elections manager is almost a full-
time job. 

Among the illegal offenses for 
which students can face punish-
ment: posting near the Price 
Cenrer founrain, posting in fronr of 
UCSD Bookstore, posting without 
a Residential Life stamp in the col-
leges, posting more than two iden-
tical flyers on a single Price Center 
pillar, posting on the ground, 
challcing on the ground, using a 
Price Center table on Library Walk 
and posting on fences or trees. 

~-----------------------

Estimating the amount of time 
it takes to be elections manager is 
made more difficult by the strange 

and talk of "mutually assured 
destruction": Should one ca ndi-
date file charges, a hai lstorm 
would be unleashed by the other 
candidates. Teams on all sides 
spent their days photographing 
evidence and preparing their cases, 
should the ammunition ever be 
needed. Then-Elections Manager 
Tom Chapman didn't have to deal 
with much of that himself, since 
the "MAD." policy succeeded in 
warding off most of the potential 
grievances. 

New rules implemented during 
the 2004 elections under Chapman 

The elections manager is sup-
posed to police all of this in addi-
tion to stopping candidates from 
committing more e1ectorally rele-
vant offenses, like using university 
funds to campaign. 

Those are the detai ls. 

Got gosrip? Something fishy YOII 
wa71t publicized? E-mail daniel-
watts@gmail.com. 

UCI SUMMER SESSION 
:: 2005 TRAVEL-STUDY PROGRAMS :: 

J IN REPETITION 

Reach UCSD 5 times, $70 each time 
FREE spot color 

Call 858.534.3467 Today! 
------------------------

SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 
study. travel. live. CHEROKEE NATION' 

* AUTOMATIC ue OftEDIl' * orEN ENftOLLMENTI 
* NO FDftEIGN LANGUAGE ftEDI * FftEE FIELD TftlrSI 

* CI..A&S TAUGHT IN ENUH BY FAClLTY FftOM HOST UNlVEftSITYI 
CAM 8 RID G E & ITA L Y (humanities & social science I art history) 
F RAN C E (international business & management) 
S COT LAN 0 (history) 
SPA I N (arts & humanities) 
S WIT Z E R LAN D (International business & management) 
CHI L E (biological sciences) 

CDME TD AN INFD SESSION! 
w<'rl • jan 26 . I ~J i ,-'111 
thlll '. Jan 27 .' 3;)1 1 ' 
liel l,lilll"I\ . SrwlClit S·': '/IC('. II 
p.l,r)fl1 IOIO~\B· (.lll 9·l9.82'l 5·\93 

. 1110 Ie" C' < <. I () !1 <. to fr, II () Wi 

Contact Ann Gray Fallat 949.824.0062 or agfallat@ucl.edu 
to receive our catalogue. Information and applications are also 
available online at lummer.ucl.edu. 

THIS BUMMER 'ILL CHANGE YOU" LIFE! 

IS COMING TO YOU! 
If you are interested in employment information with the second largest 

tribal organization in the Nation, mati< your calendar! . 

A a. ... NatIon Recniter Wl1 be in ,011 crea JCIIIG'J 19·30, 1005. 1 
We offer career opportunitjes for: 

Physicians • Nurses • Dentists • Dental Hygienists • Dieticians 
Teachers • Paramedics' Tribal Police Officers • Environmental Engineers 

Executive' Administrative' Gaming 
To find out more information on our career opportunities take time to visit with 

Loretta McNac on Saturday, from 9:00 a.m -6:00 p.m. or on Sunday from 
9:00 a.m.-12:30 p.m. at the University of Califomia in San Diego. 

Cherokee Nation facili~es are located in the Cherokee capital of Tahlequah, Oklahoma 
which lies in Northeastern Oklahoma surrounded by beautiful lakes, rivers and woodlands. 

DoN'T MISS YOUR CHANCE TO DISCUSS CHEROKEE NATION 
CAREER OpPORl'UNrrlES AVAILABLE TO YOU. 

No Appointments Necessary ... Please Stop By. 
Indian Preference is Considered. 

www.chlrokHjoblfst.org 

I 
! 



6 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 2005 

Boalt: Article came after 
U. of Va. privatization decision 

continued from page I 
provides the bare \,ones, the very 
basic costs, such as faculty salaries," 
Colin said. "Private donations pro-
vide 'above and beyond' support, 
such as graduate student research, 
buildings and financial aid grants 
[and] fellowships." 

Voted BEST BRAZILIAN BIKINI WAXING In La Jolla! Lip & Brow Wax Graduate schools are much more selective and expensive than 
their corresponding undergraduate 
programs. They have to look else-
where for additional funding, 
according to Colin. 

$10 OFF 

JEAN-PHILIPPE SALON 

FREE 
HAIRCUT 

WITH ANY HAIR COLOR SERVICE 

FOR AN APPOINTMENT CALL: 

858.551.9515 
7865 HERSCHEL AVENUE, LA JOLLA. CA . 92037 

\NWw..J EAN -PHI LI PPESALON. COM 

-------~---I 
I I 

: LET'S I I 
: MEET ON I I ! THURSDAYS : 
I I 
I I 

: Thursday : 
I Coupons... I 
I I 
I Reach UCSD 5 times, I 
I h I I $70 eac time I 
I FREE spot color I I I 
I Call 858.534.3467 I 
I I 
I Today! I 
I I 

I 1 ______ -----

Boalt Hall only seeks to solicit 
funding from private donors to 
supplement the funds Berkeleycur-
rently receives from the state rather 
than switching to a model that 
relies solely on private funds. The 
Jan. 3 article did not explain 
whether the law school would com-
pletely reject public funds in lieu of 
private dona tions under a fund-
raising scheme outlined by Boalt 
Hall Dean Christopher Edley Jr. 

The school's plan to seek 
increased private support has come 
several months after the University 
of Virginia, the oldest university in 
the country and founded by 
Thomas Jefferson, announced that 
it would go private. 

Neither Berkeley'S nor the 
University of Vtrginia's plans mark a 
growing national trend in higher 
education privatization, according to 
Aims McGuinness, an analyst with 
the National Center for Higher 
Education Management Systems. 

"The word 'privatize' really is 
inappropriate because of the public 
invested in the core assets of the 
school .... The state of California, 
through the regents, will still be the 
owner," McGuinness said. "I would 
not see this as a trend leading to 
'privatization' of [the University of 
California 1 - only as a necessi ty 
for institutions to generate alterna-
tive sources of revenue while still 
maintaining their comrnimlcnts to 
the public purposes for which they 
were established. " 

The demand and costs of higher 
education are going up rapidly -

Looking for a career that 
defies the law of gravity? 
Then talk to someone who knows science, 

If you want to head upward in the world 
of science, it's essential you don't leave 
your career to chance. At ScienceCareers.org 
we know science. We are committed to helping 
you find the right Job, and to delivering the advice 
you need. Our knowledge is firmly founded on 

the expertise of Science, the premier 
scientific journal, and the long experience 

of AAAS in advancing scIence around 
the world. So if you want your career to bear 

fruit, trust the specialist in science. Go to 
ScienceCareers.org, 

more rapidly than state funding -
and public institutions must seek 
"alternative revenue sources," he 
said. 

The idea of top public universi-
ties turning to private funds is not a 
new one. The University of Virginia, 
for example, is proposing legislation 
that would extricate it from the 

~tate's cumbersome bureaucracy -
such as state provisions requiring all 
revenue, including tuition, to be 
deposited in the state treasury - and 
from further budget cuts, according 
to McGuinness. 

Edley said he plans to uphold 
Boot Hall's reputation as one of 
the nation's top law schools. Doing 
so will prove to be much more dif-
ficult, however, amid state budget 
cuts and economic instability, he 
said in an interview on KQED 
public radio. 

"If the [state] is unwilling or 
unable to pay the bill, we need a 
strategy that does not depend on a 
miraculous turnaround," Edley said 
in the interview with the Los 
Angrier Times. 

Edley said he plans on raising a 
$300 million endowment so Boalt 
Hall can have greater control over its 
own management and finances. The 
move would also allow the school, 
with continued state support, to have 
enough per-srudent funds and stu-
dent financial aid to make it compet-
itive with rivals such as Yale, 
Stanford and New York University. 
Edley also wants potential donors to 
feel confident that the money donat-
ed to BoaIt Hall will stay at the 
school, rather than be siphoned off 
to other departments in Berkeley, or 
other parts of the UC system, he said 
in the interview with the paper. 

The University of Michigan's 
and the University of Virginia's law 
schools are the only public law 
schools ranlced in the top 10 by 
u.s. Nt7J!s and Wodd Rtport. Boalt 
Hall, ranked 13th this year, is down 
from seventh a year ago. 

Rwurr can contlJCt Wi/Jiam Ching at 
wching@ucsd.edu. 

• la us Human beauty, inspired by modem technology INside album rroirws 8 dflne( prrvinv 9 
ARTS &' ENTERTAINMENT see page 9 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 200S THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Whoeuer thought of calling sappy mouies with trite story 
lines "chicle flicles"? In reality, women are more than the mindless man-seeleers they are cast as in stereo-
type-reinforcing romantic comedies. For proof directly from the source, checle out the upcoming Lunafest 
film festlual coming to campus on Jan. 25. 

By OAKLEY ANDEUEN-MOOIE 
Staff Writer 

Sponsored by Luna Bars, a brand of energy bars made for women, lunafest 
will feature seven short films ranging from around eight to 20 minutes in length, 
all created by female filmmakers and screenwriters. Their topics broach sexu-
ality, cultural diversity, women's health, body image and spirituality. 

'It's definitely exciting to support female filmmakers, because it's real-
ly difficult for women to break through in this industry: said event coor-
dinator Heather Howerton who, along with fellow Revelle senior and 
event director Mather Martin, will bring the festival to UCSD for the first 
time. 'Also, it creates a forum in which the issues come up and Ciln be 
discussed.' 

In addition to supporting women's issues and women in film, all the proceeds 
from the event will go directly to the Breast cancer Fund, which was founded by 
Martin's mother. Howerton and Martin, who both experienced the passing of 
their mothers due to cancer, have dediCiited the festival to their moms. 

"'We're not keeping anything except for the cost of running the event. We're 
hoping to get a thousand people, which will let us send around S 1 0,000 to the 
(fund].' Howerton said. 

$7 Students 
$tO General 

Howerton, whose living room contains roughly a thousand luna Bars for use 
in the event's promotion, said that this is the first year that indiVidual organizations 
can host Lunafest, making this the first time the festival will be seen at UCSD. 

lunafest features a collection of varied short films that have gained acclaim 
from organizations like HBO and Sundance. Terri Miller, whose film 
'[>,-senchanted" will be shown at the festival, says she is proud to be a part of the 
event. 

made is taking a leap of fa ith on script and in the fact that you're a 
female: Miller said. 

'I think what they're doing is fantastic, and shows how varied and talented 
female filmmakers can be; Miller said. Her film, starring Alexis Bledel of 'Gilmore 
Girls' and Jim Belushi, was made with 5,000 feet of 35mm film she won from 
the Back East Picture Show and is an official selection at the Sundance Film 
Festival. The film takes place in a group therapy session with fairy-ta le characters I 
(Sleeping Beauty, Red Riding Hood, Goldilocks, Onderella, Dorothy, Alice of 
Wonderland and Snow INhlte) who are put into modem society and complain wit-
tily about their post-happily-ever-after lives to a shrink and Clara, a New Jersey 
divorcee. In addition to being beautifully sho~ the film IS clever and well-scripted, 
which can be expected from Miller, who has sold projects to Disney, DreamWorks 
and NBC. 

In talking about succeeding as a female screenwriter in a male-dominated 
industry, Miller said, ·Firstly, it's difficult for a human being to write a really 
good script. Not a male, female, dog or goat; It'S hard for a human being." 

The other films at the festival cover all kinds of topics. styles and back-
grounds. They go from Jesse Epstein's raw documentary "'Wet Dreams and 
False Images' (winner of the 2004 Online Sundance Jury Award), whICh 
explores the Amencan media's beauty standards th rough the eyes of a 
Blooklyn baIber and 'booty expert: to the sensual 'la Mdpa" (The 
Cornfield), by Patricia Riggen, about a woman's expenence In revolutionary 
Mexico and her granddaughter's modem-day encounters. ' Uttle Black Boot: 
by Colette Burson, is an angst-ridden short about sexuality told through a 
high-school Goth girl and the girl she pines for. 'Shui Hen: written by MaUla 
Johnston, follows a Cantonese girl's relocation to Cuba; Jen Sachs' 'The 
Velvet Tigress" IS a fresh, experimental animation about the tnal of Winnie 
Ruth Judd for the bloody "Trunk Murders· of the 1930s. Fi nally. ·A Good 
Uplift." from directors Faye lederman, Che!)'1 FUfJanic and Eve lederman, fol-
lows Magda, a lower East Side brassiere shop owne r, as she tells customelS 
charismatically 'what shape [they] are and where (they] are hanging.' 

lunafest wi ll appear on screens nationwide through March. Its organiz-
ers at UCSD will be on l ibrary Walk all week giving away promotional nems 
- and, of course, plenty of luna Bars - up until the shOWing at Pnce Center 
Ballroom. 

In addition to the general difficulty of the craft. women are a minority, with 
only some 8 percent of all feature films written by women. 

'People [in the industry] want to go with the tried and true, so what's being [Editor's note: Mather Martin is a managing ed,tor of the Guardian.] 

Directors 
, sort-of 
autobiography 

makes for a 
gentle drama 

By BRIAN UIGA 
Senior Staff Writer 

Some film genres arc prewritten. 
For instance , there is only one 

ports/academic/music story in all of 
popular film: a down-on-his-or-her-
luck coach/professor/musician 
teaches a group of ragtag 
athletes/students/musicians to band 
together, and in the end they win 
the big contest. In the lively French 
import "Les Choristes" (The 
Chorus), a failed musician (comedian 
Gerard Jugnot) enters the dismal 
world of a boys boarding school run 

by a Draconian schoolmaster with a 
penchant for violence (Francois 
Berleand) and teaches the downtrod-

den boys se1f respect by forming them 
into a choir. 

Yet despite the cookie-cutter plot, 
ilLes Choristes" is a beautiful example of 

pure storytelling. Weaving the stories of the 
different children into an honest tapestry, 

director/producer/ composer Christophe 
Barratier's first autobiographical film is a gentle 

drama that has endeared itself to audiences in 
Europe and single-handedly caused a revival in the 

popularity of choral music. Now, poised to charm 
the socks off of American audiences as well with 
his film's Jan . 28 release, Barrarier shared a few 
insights with the Guardian: 

G: Now, since this film is autobiographical, do 
you identify more with the teacher or the SUlnent? 

B: I think very much with the student, but there 
is a littl e bit of me in a lot of characters. I was 'cp-
arated from my parents for five years. At tim tlille. 
I was very angry at my lI1other, bccause , h ~ [pUl 
me in a boa rding school]. so the reaction between 
Pierre Morhange [the lead soprJl1O character] ;Inti 
his mother is the one I fe lt. O f course there IS a lit -
tl e bit of me in Clement b thieu [the teacher], but 
I left music when I was 23; [it was] a really good 
decision for me. So Clement Mathieu is a bi t more 
fiction, of course; it's the kind of hero I like . I 
mean, we suppose that they arc losers, but they 
will discover in themselves a strength that we did 
not believe the first time [we saw the m]. 

G: The actor who played Mathieu, Gerard 
]ugnot, is a comedian. Is he known fo r these lovable 
underdog characters) 

B: No, he's very well known for popular come-
dy. He was considered the goofy one, you know? 
Everybody thinks he 's very funny, but I think for 
the first time, he is recogni zed (at least in France) 
as a great actor. It's very similar to what has been 
done for Robin Williams with "Dead Poet, 
Society." 

G: From what 1 hear, the soundtrack of thi film 
is also doing very well. 

ee CHORUS, Page 9 



8 HIATUS lttE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY. JANUARY 20. 2005 

.-a~n.-d i nd~ I ~"UI UIII \Jl------------------------____ _ 

Dresde. Dolls 
The Dresden Dolls 

8ft 

**** Like a comic-book "a lternate universe" version of the ever-
popular White Stripes, 
the Dresden Dolls have 
stripped piano rock down 
to its roots, given it a cor-
tisone shot of emotional 
honesty and turned up the 
volume to kick some ass 
with their self-described 
"Breerian punk cabaret." 

Frontwoman Amanda 
Palmer squirms her way 
through honest and clever 
lyrics while poundi ng the 
piano like a possessed 
woman, accompanied by 
the fra ntic yet restrained 
drumming of Brian 
Viglione. The entire 
album plays like a 
Dadaist, heavy-metal ver-
sion of a Victorian music 
box. 

Frankly, this album has 
too many good songs to 

list, including some piano 
ballads unrivaled since the 
era of Elton John ("Half 
Jack.," "Gravity," "Truce ," 
"Good Day") and a chil -
dren's rhyme twisted into 
a tale of innocence lost 
("Missed Me"). Regular 
listeners to non-Clear 
Channel stations might 
also recogniz.e "Coin-
Operated Boy," the ulti-
mate girl -power song 
wrapped in an "Alice in 
Wonderland" motif, and 
"Girl Anachronism," two 
minutes of the greatest 
cathartic piano punk ever 
created . 

Not only are the songs 
themselves great toe-tap-
pers, but musically the 
PalmerlViglione duo 
shows off some impressive 
musical chops: All of the 
songs on the album, save 
the si lIy track "The Jeep 
Song," tend to stray from 
the traditional verse-cho-
rus- verse structure, as if 
the entire album was a 60-
minute version of 
Radiohead 's "Paranoid 
Android." 

The album's sl ick pro-
duction (especia ll y the 
drums) doesn't quite cap-
ture the sexy ferocity of 
their live perfo rmances, 
but it comes pretty damn 
close. 

- Brian Uiga 
Smior Stoff Writtr 

Rery Funaces 
EP 

Rough Trade 

**** 

BOth the inauspicious title and the simple cover art demonstrate 
that the Friedburger fam-
ily duo hasn't lost its sense 
of modesty, but that mod-
esty belies this eminently 
likeable and lovably idio-
syncratic collection of 
songs. This release, at a 
mere 41 minutes (as com -
pared to the band's recent 
72 -mi nut e behemoth 
BllItbtrry Boat) , is t he 
most acces ible album yet 
from the brother-sister 
pair. 

The first three tracks, 
the electro-pop psyche-
delic rave-up "Single 
Again," the bliss fully 
heartfelt folky dance 
"Here Comes the 
Summer, ~ and the 
McCartney-style ballad 
"Evergreen ," announce 
with full flourish the duo 's 

now well -developed abili-
ty to combine effortless 
pop songwriting with 
their trademark weird-
ness. The music is still rife 
with ringing toy pianos, 
Velvet Underground gui-
tars, singsong vocals and 
the curiously quirlcy nar-
rative lyrics of their past, 
but many of the song 
structures are more con-
ventional , spinning hooles 
from meaty synthesizers 
and urgent, throbbing 
beats. Raised on a musical 
diet of Gilbert and 
Sullivan, Eleanor and 
Matthew Friedburger 
combine the spirit of 
Victorian-era fairy tales 
with late-'60's psychedelia 
and a smatter ing of AM 
pop to create something 
that is unmistakably Fiery 
Furnaces. 

The wise-yet-childlike 
Iyri ~s are a separate virtue, 
weaving dreamlike stories 
in some places and 
J oycean tongue twisters in 
others - all about an 
absurd carnival of 
ephemeral characters and 
strange si tuations . 
Somehow, the Fiery 
Furnaces have managed to 
squeeze all of their lovable 
eccentrici ty into an acces-
sible pop package fit for 
public consumption. 

- Cody Nabours 
Stoff Writtr 

Rt\ ' 0 UGHE 

'* BlE 
Ray La.ontape 

Trouble 
RCA 

*** Ray Lamontagne has a voice like a burning shot of good bour-
bon: roughly warm with a 
velvety edge . A folk-jazz 
gypsy for the new century, 
Lamontagne recently 
released Trouble, his RCA 
debut. 

Originally and inde-
pendentl y written b y 
Lamontag ne and pro-
duced with Ethan Johns 
(Ryan Adams, Kings o f 
Leon , the Jayhawks), 
Troublt displays 
Lamontagne at the top of 
his game, soulful and spir-
itual , with lyrics of strug-
gle , dreams, love and rela-
tionships. 

The steady sound of a 
gypsy soul filling the 
room in the form of naked 
acoustic guitars, simple 
sweet percussion and a 
voice between howling 

and croonng drench es the 
debut from beginning to 
end . 

Laden with an opti -
mistic, melancholy tone, 
the solid art of articulate 
observation in lyric drives 
songs like "Forever My 
Friend" and "Shelter." 
Unlike most folk-trouba-
dors (or troubadour-
wannabes) these days. 
Lamontagne isn't (or was-
n't) a career musician . He 
spent mOSt of his life in a 
cabin somewhere in 
Maine, living a life rela-
tively removed from 
mainstream society. 

That isolation shows 
up In the weathered , 
gristly tone of his voice, 
which pleads with an old-
timey, pastoral warmth, 
but carries a weight com-
manding enough to carry 
at! the way to Southern 
California . Johns' c lear 
bu t sparse prod ucri on 
seems designed to show-
ca e the vocals, but even a 
voice as organic as 
Lamontange's can't stay as 
great for 10 songs as it 
seems for just one. 

With this debut, the 
world meets a troubled 
man making sense of life 
by creating a fusio n of 
catchy hooks and neuroti-
cally beautiful music. 

-Ann Shen 
Stoff Writtr 

***** ' " **** .*. ** * 

January 22 
Saturday. 8:00 pm 
MandeVIlle Auditorium 

Random Dance 
Wayne McGregor's cutting-edge 
choreography creates oddly affecting 
otherworlds where dancers interact with 
futuristic animation and abs ract 
lighting design . His company. Random 
Dance, turns classical ballet and almost 
incomprehensible acrobatic movement 
Into haunting urban narratives and 
explorations of pure form. McGregor's 
fasc inating entry into a world where 
technology and human bodies collide has 
made him a choreographic soothsayer 
and an artistic force to watch . 

,. ARTTALKSI 
Join the artist for an informal post-
performance conversation. 

"The cutting edge has never 
been sharper: 
- THO SoURcr (LONDON) 

ADULT: $34/$30/$24 

UCSD lox Offtce 
858.534.TIXS 
www.artpoww.ucsd.edu 

NEXT MONTH ..• 
~UN Valentine .!Jddue 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, Z005 
THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 9 

Technology and nature strike a balance in Random Dance Chorus: 
Soundtrack 

finding 
sudden success 

Acclaimed choreographer combines American, Portuguese and Indian influences 
By THOMAS KIM 

Staff Writer 

T he term "modern dance" 
might bring to mind the image of 
thin, limber dancers wearing tight 
clothes and leaping around a dark 
stage mimicking wild beasts to the 
"Soothing Sounds of the Rain 
Forest" soundtrack. Add to that 
some techno and big, metal 
Muppet claws and what you've got 
is "Nemesis," the latest piece from 
the British modern dance compa-
ny Random Dance, headed by 
renowned choreographer Wayne 
M.cGregor. 

[n 1992, McGregor founded 
Random Dance as an outlet for 
his creative ambitions. 
McGregor studied dance at 
University College, Bretton Hall 
and the Jose Limon Institute in 
New York. His prowess as a 
choreographer extends . beyond 
modern dance: He has created 
work for the Royal Ballet and 
been nominated for an Olivier 
award, the Tony of British the-
ater. He is also due to choreo-
graph the Stuttgart Ballet and the 
next Harry Potter movie. 

Random Dance's earlier works, 
like "The Mi ll en narium" and 
"Sulphur 16," boldly incorporated 
technology into modern dance by 
moving dancers in col11puter-
graphic 3 D backgrounds among 
digitally animated bodies. This 
element has given Random Dance 
a reputation for being more acces-
sible than other modern dance 
companies. The company al so 
uses technology to disseminate its 
dances in tech-savvy ways such as 
Web cams and videoconferencing. 
McGregor's other projects include 

works for children such as 
"digitOl," "AJpha" and a program 
that tcaches dance through live 
Webcast rehearsals. 

"Nemesis," named for the 
Greek goddess of vengeance, rep-
resents a change of direction for 
McGregor because it shifts away 
from technological motifs, return-
ing to nature only to combine the 
two themes later. The set resem-
bles a disco floor on acid, with 
speckled lights forming brightly 
colored leaves. Dancers wearing 
insectlike costumes interact on 
white grids and red hexagons. 
Augmenting the costumes are long 
steel arm extensions specially 
ordered from Jim Henson 's 
Creature Shop, the birthplace of 
the Muppets. What makes the 
piece interesting are the obvious 
purposes of each of the move-
ments, such as eating and pursuing 
mates. Watching the insect-people 
move in such a deliberate manner 
shows nature's need for frugal 
functionality. The music is a cock-
tail of a primitive jungle groove 
and factory-type techno . The 
acrobatic aspect resembles that of 
such Asian martial arts styles as 
Wushu and pushes the human 
body to its limits. 

The performance ends with 
Random Dance 's latest piece, 
"Polar Sequences," the first piece 
in whi ch M cG regor employed 
outside choreographers. 
McGregor coll aborated with 
Indian choreographe r Shobana 
Jeyasingh and Portuguese choreo-
gra pher Ru i Horta to create a 
three-part picce that highlights 
the differences between their 
styles. J eyasi ngh's contribution 
includes Bharatanatyam hand ges-

THURSDAY JANUARY 27 
www , SNDCORE • COM 

tures that reflect a prominent 
Indian influence. A distinctly 
Japanese mood comes from 
Horta's segment, where a dancer 
cooks noodles upstage and, when 
finished, performs a solo while the 
other dancers eat the concocted 
victuals. 

The last section, choreo-
graphed by McGregor and danced 
to Marilyn Manson, includes the 
sum of the most physica ll y 
demanding movements in the set 

and shows how intense modern 
dance can get. "Polar Sequences" 
should give a bette r idea of how 
much McGregor 's work differs 
from that of his peers. 

Random Dance will perform 
Part 1 of "Nemesi s" and "Polar 
Sequences" at Mandeville 
Auditorium on Jan. 22 at 8 p.m. 
More information, as well as 
streaming samples of "Nemesis," 
is available at its Web site, 
http://www.rundomdanu.org. 

continued from page 7 
B: Yes, it's a huge succe s in 

France. It was number one on the 
charts for nine months. I r has 
been a littl e bit of an ea rthq uake 
in the recordi ng indus try. Of 
co urse, at the beginning, [we 
were told1 that this rype of boys' 
choir music would not be a suc-
cess. 

G: ow. is the soundrrack all 
original music, or arc they tradi-
rional choral song..-

B: No , no, there is 95 percent 
ori gi nal mu ic, only one pi ece of 
music in the church is something 
by [another composer], everything 
else is original. 

G: Now, what about th e politics 
of t11e film, the "action-reaction" 
of the schoolmaster versus 
Mathieu's gentler way with the 
boys? 

B: T hat's the way it was in my 
boarding school, you know -
"action-reaction." The headmas-
ter of Illy boarding school was 
always sayi ng that kind of thing. 
He was exactl y like that. ,llway_ 
shouti ng, always unhappy, alll'ay, 

. depressed. always w'lntln g to 

Courtesy 01 AttPwr 
Creative focus: Renowned choreographer Wayne McGregor's eclectic modern 
dance troupe, Random Dance, will perform at Mandeville Auditorium on Jan. 22. 

puni sh, you knu \ ; li e IV." an 
awful man, the headmaster of IIlV 
old bo arding school. And th~ 
relationship between rhe teacher 
and the student is more of my 
imagination really, becau e all of 
the teachers in m y school were 
very afraid . 

• 

FACULTY ••• STAFF ••• STUDENTS 

You're invited to join 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 
PRESIDENT 

ROBERT C. DYNES 
at a 

TOWN HALL 
MEETING 

Monday, Januruy 24, 2005 
2 p.m. 

Price Center Ballroom B 

President Dynes will report on systemwide 
topics and take questions from the floor. 



EVENTS 
LUNAFEST is coming to UCSD on 
Tues. Jan. 25thl Come support the 
Breast Cancer Fund and enjoy a 
series of films by, for, and about 
women. The show starts at 7pm in 
the Price Center Ballroom, and tick-
ets are $7 for students and $ I 0 for 
the general public (on sale at the box 
office). 5ee you there! (1/20) 

Town Hall meeting with University of 
California President Robert C. Dynes, 
Monday, 1/24 from 2-3 :30pm @ PC 
Ballroom B. Dynes will discuss uni-
versity topics and take questions 
from the floor. For more information, 
call 534.63B6. (I /20) 

Kappa Alpha Theta Presents: Katwalk 
Fashion Show - Tue. Feb. I st. All pro-
ceeds benefit CASA foundation . 
Tickets are $7 and will be on sale 
starting next Wed. at the box office. 
Doors open at 7:30 and show starts 
at 8:00pm in Ballroom AB. (1/31) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Dental Office in La Jolla has an open-
ing for a part-time front and back 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CGuAAoIAN LASS IFI EDS 
The UCSD Cuardian reserves the right to dassify, edit delete offensive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior nOlificanon. The Adveniser will not 
hold the Cuardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertISer and the consumer. 
Copy should be rell1ewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular ISsue, all errors must be reported by the cotrespond,ng deadline. Credit IMII only be 
given for the Incorrect portion 01 the advertisement There are no refunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: IS per 20 .... 
Faculty & Staff: S7 per 20 word. 

All others: SIO per 20 _rd, 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

no.oo per column inch 
Deadlines: 

PluH Hnd .11 correspondence rec.rdi"l Classifieds to: PublicatIOn Dal. D~pl.y Ads l ine Ads 
UCSD Guardian, Ann: Classifieds, 9500 Gitman Drive '0116, La Jolla, CA 92091. Monday 1 pm Thurs. ] pm Thurs. 

] pm Mon. Ad ... llocation: Student Center A, Room 217. Thunday 1 pm Mon. 
duslfled Une Ads appear In both the C;ulrdlln PRINT Ind ONUNE editions. 

office assistant. Will train a highly 
motivated quick learner. $10 per 
hour. Fax resume to 858.459.8139. 
(1/ 31) 

Retail Sales. la Jolla Cove Gifts. 10 to 
20 hours per week, more during the 
summer. Start $8.00 per hour, plus 
bonuses. Will work around your 
schedule. One block from Cove. 
Parking permit provided next door. 
8008 Girard #120 858.454.2297 
(1/24) 

INTERN to work with la Jolla based 

African non-profit. Administrative 
support and marketing research. 
Good writing skills and an ability to 
work independently and responsibly. 
12-20 flexible hrs. per wk. $12 per hr. 
Call 858.336.5761 or 
Ijkathleen@yahoo.com (1/24) 

A+SUBS 
Preschool Substitutes, 
aides, & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours 

Cheerful smart babysitter wanted for 
English & Portuguese spea king 
kindergarten girl, 12 hours/week, La 
Jolla; Ines or Steve at 858.456.7404. 
(1/24) 

Carmel Valley family seeks childcare 
for 2.5 yr old on Wednesdays 8:30-
4:30. Require experience and refer-
ences. SI0/hr. Call 858.354.4149 
(1/24) 

STUDENT TRAVEL $715.S1050 hourly 
Call Jacki 

858-565-2144 

looking for an extremely experi-
enced female babysitter for our two 
boys. Hours are flexible, two or three 
mornings/afternoons a week. Must 
have transportation, references, and 
be extremely reliable. Our boys are 1 
and 3, we live 15 min. from campus 
and pay SI4/hr. We really want an 
upbeat, clean-cut, kind, energetic 
type that truly loves children. E-mail 
resume to: shshear@sbcglobal.net 
for interview. (1/20) 

MAKE 
YOUR BREAK 
!'iBeacb 
»CanCUn $789 

1 week at Club Verano Beat, a 
beachfront property 

&,. Europe 
»Amsterdam $608 

6 nights at the Hans Brinker in 
the Leidseplein area 

»Paris $570 
6 night. at the AbIoIute Pari. in 
the Republlque .r .. 

lit Alternative 
),Costa Rica $819 »Mexico City $359 

8 days of accommodation and 
transfers w ith the GAP Pass . 

1 week at the Monedl Hostel 

=-~!~II~~:.rs~~~~:~~~~:.ro.~dl:!.~~~~ll:: .• "d 
l ,k" and Olht r ,ppl l~I' tH' not included. 

litdTRAVEL I 

20% Off All 
Laser Hair Removal 
w/Student ID 

Medical Grade Facials & Peels 

Age-Defying 
Rejuvenating 

Amazingly beautiflll 

Crystal Free Diamond Skin Resurfacing 
The Finest Medic.,1 Grade Skin Care Products 
IPLPhotorejuvenation 
Laser Vein Treatments 
l aser Genesis Anti-Aging 
Laser Hair Remov.,1 
80 TOXI Restylane / Collagen 
DNA Skin Cell Therapy 

Michael J. Brucker, M.D. 
Board Certified 
Plastic and Rf!Conslructive Surgeon 

The Forum in Carlsbad 
1905 Calle Barcelona, Su~te 214, Carlsbitd (760) 753-5757 www.releuvrne.com 

Freelance Online Tutors Instruct 3-12 
grd stdnts; Internet connex reqd; 
tutor/teach exp prefrd jobs@brain-
fuse.com. (1/24) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attor-
ney needs part time assistance 
(Tuesdays and Thursdays) to assist at 
office. Hours are 8:15am to 7:00pm 
(plus additional periodic overtime). 
Duties include typing. filing, word 
processing. occasional bookkeeping. 
assistance at court, good grammar 
and ability to stand for long periods 
of time. Requires the ability to drive 
a van with an automatic transmis-
sion. Must have good driving record. 
Candidates must pass a grammar, 
spelling. punctuation and typing test 
plus a background check. Please 
send resume to: Human Resources, 
DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary US llP, 
4365 Executive Drive, It 11 00, San 
Diego, CA 92121 or email to 
M au reen . wa Iker@dlapiper.com 
(1/20) 

NANNY NEEDED for well-behaved 
pre-schooler. Part-time, M-Th in our 
home. located near campus. Nancy 
858.847.3350x1019 (1/20) 

ROOMMATES 
la Jolla furnished room for rent. All 
amenities, cooking privileges, laun-
dry, util. paid, close to bus and cam-
pus. Preferred male post-doc 
researcher or grad student. 
$650/mo. 858.450.6935. (1/20) 

la Jolla Colony master bedroom. 
$950 incl. utilities, private room in 2 
bedroom; wid, pool/spa. Glenda 
1.888.684.5263 (1/20) 

The Guardian Classifieds are online 

.,.. HUGE 
MULn-LEYEL 
IIENA 

.... UTI NIIIfT 
7- IT THE ZOIE 

0,... UIIfII 211. 
frl. a "t. 

.... PIlTYIllA 
7 - TO 120 IUESn 

ULTRAZON. 
l144 s,.m AI .. IMI •• !oft~, CA 
OM .... Int tf 50 s,.m .,.... 

(619) 221~100 • www .. a_ ....... _ 

THURSDAY,JANUARY ZO, Z005 

at _ucsctauardlan.ofl. (1/20) 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING.r=--

STUDENT 
HOUSING I 
LA JOLLA· 
STARTING 

FROM THE LOW 
$400.oo0s. 

CiuAAoIAN CLASSIFIEDS 

FOR SALE 
Build Equity Now! Affordable Mission 
Valley Studio, Renovated, New 
Appliances, Parking. Cliff Cox, 
Coldwell Banker 619.574.5111 
(1/27) 

WANTED 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED 

Ages 19-29 
Excellent Compensation 

Call Building Families 
(800)790-7633 

eggdonation@bldgfams.com 

EGG DONORS NEEDED $6000-
$15,000+{based on specific qualifica-
tions) for qualified, responsible appl i-
cants. Special need for Jewish, Asian, 
East Indian Donors. Close personal 
support provided by an experienced 
Egg Donor. Fertility Alternatives, Inc. 
951 . 696.7466 
www.FertilityAlternatives.com (6/2) 

looking for healthy Asian egg donors 
between 20-29 years old. Excellent 
compensation. Please call 
619.265.1800 or email to adfertili-
ty@yahoo.com. (1/20) 

Volunteers paid 130 for an interview. 
If you are entirely of Chinese, 
Japanese, or Korean descent, age 21 -
26, call 552.8585x5590. (3/31) 

PERSONALS 
Don't miss LUNAFEST, a film festival 
for, by, and about women, Tues. Jan. 
25th at 7pm in the PC Ballroom! 
Tickets on sale at the UCSD Box 
Office. Sponsored by the ladies of 
Kappa Alpha Theta and Chi Omega . 
(1/20) 

I have a nightmare: In Phoenix, a 
brawl broke out among thugs during 
the Martlin luther King Day obser-
vance. (1/20) 

Altf'rltl' 111 [)t.·fl, It 

ADHD 
H'y pc·rc...H flVlty ()I~()rdel 

Looking fO! research 
participants (18 to 45 years old) 

a~eady diagnosed with ADHD 
for participation 

in a behavioral study at UCSD, 
No medication involVed. 

Monetary compensation 
provided. 

, I I' ~ r '. ' 

. . 
. . 

• I. '. , 

THURSDAY, JANUARY ZO, 2005 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS II 

Pro: Scholarships need to favor students f1!l.:lI~ ,p cominued from page 12 enough time to study, but UCSD 
athletes have higher GPAs than 
other UCSD students. 

2. Encounge graduation 
Unfortunately, many athletes 

are led to believe that they will 
make it all the way to the profes-
sional ranks of their respective 
sports and are thus also encouraged 
not to complete their degree. 
However, only a small percentage 
of NCM athletes are drafted into 
the professional ranks. According 
to the NCAA, 1.3 percent of col-
lege athletes are drafted in the 
NBA, 2 percent are drafted in the 
NFL, 10.5 percent are drafted in 
MLB and 4.1 percent are drafted in 
the NHL. With numbers such as 
these, student-athletes must have a 
degree to fall back on. Obviously, 
there are many highly touted Stu-
dent-athletes who are ready for the 
draft before their senior year, but 
they are exceptions to the rule. 

l. Reduce cheating 
Cheating and violations of 

other academic rules is rampant 

among student-athletes. There 
ha ve been cases where a head 
coach or an assistant coach will 
teach a class and simply let his or 
her players pass without doing the 
required work. For example, the 
NCAA Division I Committee sen-
tenced University of Georgia for 
four ye'rs probation for academic 
fraud in addition ro unethical 
recruiting practices. If athletes fall 
under the same standards as non-
scholarship or academic scholar-
ship students, then athletes prone 
to cheating would most likely be 
rejected at certain schools . 

4. Lead to better spending 
Only 40 of 325 Division I 

schools claim to operate on a prof-
it, according to a recent Washingtcm 
Post article . £n addition, NCAA 
President Myles Brand advised ath-
letic departments to cut spending 
costs. With most Division [ a thlet-
ic programs operating at a loss or 
breaking even, the money that 
would be spent on athletit scholar-
ships can be used toward academic 
scholarships or to free up cash for 

academic uses. According to USA 
Today, athletic programs that 
increased spending (through prac-
tices such as hiring high-profile 
coaches) did not improve teams' 
win-loss records, donations or the 
academic standards of the school. 
An athletically high-profi le univer-
sity with more money to spend 
would not necessari ly draw appli-
cants with higher GPAs and higher 
SAT scores. 

Abolishing athletic scholarships 
will further emphasize the impor-
tance of academics. There is no 
doubt that strong academic pro-
grams bring revenue and appeal to 
universities. However, it would be 
better if all college applicants were 
held to the same academic stan-
dards, regardless of athletic ability. 
Academics must be the top priority 
for student-athletes. With the same 
academic standards across the 
board, incidents of cheating by stu-
dent-athletes will decrease and fis-
cal reports of athletic departments 
will yield profits instead of loss. 

UCOAH OCSD1 'TH1ETVOFTHE 
JAN 17 to 23 1\ fj WEEK 

Odioh Odiye 
Men's Basketball 
Junior 
San Franclcso, CA 
Political Science, Roosevelt College 
Junior transfer Odioh Odiye had a 
big oHensive night for UCSD in the 
narrow 87-82 loss to CSUMB last 
Friday night. The guard from San 
FranCiSCO, Calif., led four UCSD 

players in double-figure scoring with his career-high 17 poinls. 
Odiye went6-for-9 from the field , including 1-lor-2 from long 
distance. He also made four free throws in the contest. 

Con: Better teams make for better schools 
Odiye and his leammates return to the road this weekend lor a 
pair of CCAAcontests. The Tritons will play at Cal State Dominguez 
Hills on Friday night and at Cal Poly Pomona Saturd"y evening. 
Both games are slaled for 7:30 p.m. starts. 

continued from page 12 
at an institution that does not 
reimburse them adequately for 
their performance, rather than 
encourage them to become suc-
cessful profess ional athletes on 
scholarships. The colleges have 
professional -ca liber athletes as 
indentured servants. If players are 
good enough to make profession-
al teams, they should be encour-
aged to do so. 

l. Reduce cheating 
Colleges offering scholarships 

to athletes should be mindful of an 
athlete's motivations for choosing 
that institution before signing off 
on a huge scholarship. If a student 
is brought to a school under the 
impression that he or she will be 
only an athlete and will have his or 
her hand held every step of the way 

through classes, then that is the 
expectation the student will grow 
accustomed to. By making student-
athletes aware that athletic scholar-
ships are for students before ath-
letes, college should enable them-
selves to filter out those students 
who believe they are only there to 
perform in uniform. 

4. Support the "life" in 
campus life 

Spending money on recruiting 
great, young athletes and successful 
coaches to develop a winning ath-
letic program is not a fin ancial 
investment the way that it is for 
professional sports teams. Parr of 
having a winning team at the colle-
giate level is giving alumni some-
thing to brag about, giving students 
something to be proud of and giv-
ing college-bound students some-

thing to look forward to. Take 
these things away, and universities 
become much more bland . "''here 
else could the same amount of 
money earn an academic institution 
the ame level of national prestige? 
Nowhere. 

Leaving athletic scho larships 
more widely available to athletes 
who are good enough to earn 
them instead of applying a new 
dimension of success as a requisite 
for getting one of the coveted 
grants will maintain the high 
degree of excellence that charac-
terizes collegiate bowl games, 
Final Four tournaments and the 
College World Series. Athletes, 
fans and universities will be better 
off leaving athletic scholarships 
the way they are now. 

----------------------:~®W~ FREE 6ff Sandwich: 
: with purchase 01 a 6" sandwich 01 equal : 
I or greater value and 21-01. soft drink. 1 
I Exp. 213105 . Not valid with any other offers. Add·ons extra. 1 
I UCSD Price Center • Costa Verde Center, 8650 Genesee 1 1-______________________ I 

~21 
Award 

Phyllis Marinesi ~ 
Multi-Million in Sales M~hon 

Doliar 
Qub 

Moss: Penalties are meaningless to superstar 7439 Jackson San Diego, California 92119 
BUSINESS 619-462-4300 
Direct 619-668-2882 
Residence 619-659-9656 
Fax 619-462-7450 

continued from page 12 
Moss' next clever celebration and 
hear his entertaining comments dur-
ing postgame interviews. I found 
Moss highly entertaining and his 
actions hilarious, and I was not the 
only person who felt that way. 

The results of an ESPN poll 
taken of 67,000 people showed that 
60 percent of viewers found the 

.~~ 
~inthe ~ ads 
TOLlAY ... 
Price Center flicks 

p.3 
Hair style 

p.6 
$10 off waxing 

p.6 

Spring Break 
p.10 

laser tag 
p. 10 

Rejuvine spa 
p.10 

Su bway coupon 
p.ll 

mooning funny while only 15 per- able to see Randy Moss pretend to 
cent found it disgraceful. moon America. It was exciting, and 

Even Indianapolis coach Tony for the first time this season, I did 
Dungy said, "I thought it was kind of . not feel like I just wasted three hours 
humorous." of my time watching a bland football 

I must admit that [ did not regur- game. If the NFL finds that my sat-
gitate my cheddar cheese Ruffles isfaction for this "disgusting" behav-
wlule watching the Packers-Vikings ior is bad for the league, they can 
game, and I did not even feel the fine me. I really do not care, because, 
least bit sick. I was glad that r was "What's 10 grand to me?" 

email pmarinesi@cox.net 

Each Office is Independently Owned and Operated 

Hiringzo 
College Ambassador, 

The Office of Admissions and Relations 
with Schools is looking for students who 
are interested in promoting UCSD. If you 
are enthusiastic about your experience here 
at UCSD and would like to share your 
perspective with prospective students, 
families and guests; come check out the 
College Ambassador Program! College 
Ambassadors are paid student employees 

who conduct walking tours of the UCSD campus, give 
presentations to groups both on and off campus and help staff 
campus-wide events. 

For additional information, 
please attend one of the following 
information sessions (optional): 
Monday, Jan. 24, 3:00-4:00pm 
In Price Center, SF /SC Room 

Thursday, Jan. 27, 3:00-4:00pm 
In Price Center, SF/SC Room 

Applicants are encouraged to take a campus tour (Monday-Saturday at l1am, except holidays and hol iday weekends depart ing from the theater 
lobby at the Price Center) before applying . Interested students can attend an information session or pick up an application at the Campus Tours 
Office located in the theater lobby at the Price Center. Applications will arso be distributed at the information sessions and should be completed 

and returned to the C .... Tours OttIce by 4:00pm, Frtar, Jenuary 28, 2005 . 



THURSDAY 
JANUARY 20, 2004 

12 

Weighing in on the NCAA scholarship debate 
By citing several significant J?roblems plaguing the legitimaq' of student-athletes, 

the NCAA Division I Board of Directors is actively reevaluating the way it issues 
scholarships to schools and teams that don't make the grade in the classroc;>m 
before leaving the locker room. Some favor these ~h~nges to bolster academics, 
while others oppose amendments to the current pohcles. Those arguments follow: 

cup 0' 
• Joe 

NCW YorkJe<b head co~h Herm.o Edwards once punctuated a heated 
Eagles 31, Falcons 20 

Aher last year's 5- 11 record , 
the Atlanta Falcons turned things 
around under first-year head 
coach Jim Mora Jr. Although 
many would say the sudden 
change is thanks to the return of 
iIber-athlete Michael Vick, who 
was injured for most of last year, 
much of the team's winning streak 
is also the result of a defensive 
unit coached up by former 
Packers coordinator Ed Donatel!. 
The unit will need to continue its 
aggressive ways against Mc abb 
and the Eagles, hoping that an 
unrecognized secondary that 
includes speedy rookie corner-
back DeAngelo Hall is able to 
reap some of the benefits of a 
strong front seven. • 

Vick, however, might be the 
key on both sides of the ball. 
Whether he takes off on a long 
run or just makes the opposing 

.yCYNTHIA 
BLADE CHAVEZ 
Associate Sports 

Editor PRO I . Nonnalize 
academic standards 

Being a star ath-
lete should not pre-
clude an individual 

from making the same grades as 
any other applicant hoping to 
enroll at a university. In fac.t, it is 
still possible to win national titles 
without athletic scholarships. 
UCSD is a good example: It has 
won national titles based solely on 
non-scholarship players. Some may 
argue that athletes do not have 

Riley Salant·Pearce/Guordion See PRO, Page I I 

Bowl bOund 

defense look illy, it is not only 
demoralizing to the defensive unit 
on the field, but to the oppo ing 
offense watching from the ide-
line. 

T he St. Louis Rams seemed 
afraid of tackling any of the mem-
ber of the NFL's top-ranked 
rushing attaclij possibly fearful of 
catch ing" the ease of the "runs" 
that the "'FalCON nad Jan. 15 
night. T~ 1Ejl~les won 't have the 
same ph~a ~d that means the 
Falcons wm haw to rk harder 
to estaHli tfiei un . It also 
means thatVJtkneedt to look for 
Pro-Bow tipt end AJge 
Crumpler whi1~' • 
of the quarterbac 
ment. 

The Philadelphia Eagles are 
more experienced and, even with-
out Pro Bowl wide receiver 
Terrell Owens, a more complete 
football team. Head coach Andy 
Reid is hoping to prevent his 

Eagles from becoming the 
Buffalo Bills of the 1990 by win-
ning the NFC Championship this 
year after three straight losses. 
The People's Champ FreQdie 
Mitchell will need to continue his 
postseason prowess for big plays 
(fourth-and-26 catch agai nst the 
Packers last year, fumble recovery 
in the end zone against the 
Viki ngs thi year) while filling in 
for Owens, and Brian Westbrook 
wi ll have to try to beat the Falcon 
defenders around the corners on 
running plays. 

The defensive unit needs to 
playas it has all yea r, with Jevon 
"The Freak" Kearse pressuring 
Vick, the rejuvenated Jeremiah 
Trotter not allowing any huge OB 
scrambles, and a secondary-
which includes three Pro Bowl 
selections - that is able to take 
advantage of any ill-advised Vick 
throws and inconsistent Falcon 
receiver play. 

By MAnHEW GRANT 
Sports Editor 

1. Offer incentives for 
good athletes to get into coUege 

Athletes from underprivileged 
backgrounds are ubiq-
uitous in college and 

discriminatory against lower-
class athletes, but would narrow 
the field of potential greats to 
those who had more founded aca-
demic beginnings. 

2. Encourage professional 
employment 

The beginnings of 
professional sports. 
For many of these ath-
letes, going to a uni-
versity on an athletic 
scholarship allows 
them the opportunity 

(ON major reform to NCAA policies on graduation require-ments for athletes are 
underway. With the 

to break into the next 
level of competition 
and academia, therein granting 
the athlete a chance to move up 
from a humble background. 
Removing collegiate athletic 
scholarships would not only be 

passage of these 
amendments, colle-
giate athletic depart-

ments are misleading student-ath-
letes with the message that it is 
more important that they remain 

See CON, Page I I 

Moss' TD celebration 
not worth the hype 
neus' 
news 

Michael Neustedter 

W hile Vikings wide receiver Randy Moss "mooned" milJions of viewers after a 
touchdown during Minnesota's vic-
tory over the Green Bay Packers, I 
sat watching in disbelief. NFL veter-
an commentator Joe Buck shouted, 
"That's disgusting, that's disgust-
ing!" after the explicit celebration. 

T he only thing that was disgust-
ing about Moss' latest performance 
was the media 's reaction the next 
morning. Journalists all over the 
nation bashed Moss for his inappro-
priate gesture and even went as far as 
recommending that the Vikings 
trade him after the season. 

I was completely shocked to hear 
these so-called sports experts explain 
how a team should trade its most 
explosive player a day after he led 
them to a huge upset victory because 
he pretended to moon Packer fans. 
IT Moss had actually ripped off his 
pants and mooned the Lambeau 
fans, these sports experts would def-
initely have a good argument. 

However, Moss only pretended 
to pull down his trousers toward the 
thousands of fans wearing cheese 
heads. Moss should have been 
applauded for his humorous and 
creative celebration. 

Instead, Fox refused to show a 
replay of the incident because the 
station felt that it was "inappropri-
ate." It is pretty hard to believe that 
any of the fans sitting behind the 
goalposts at Lambeau were offended 
or felt that the mooning was "inap-
propriate. " 

Besides, Green Bay fans are just 
getting a taste of their own medi-
cine. Ever since the NFL outlawed 
the famous "Lambcau Leap," 
Packer fans have participated in a 
new tradition. After Green Bay vic-
tories at home, Packer fans wait in 
the parlring lot for the visiting team 
to depart and wish the opposing 
players a safe ride home with hun-
dreds of full moons. 

"I was just having a little fun with 
the boys," Moss said when asked 

about the incident. 
Moss was only copying a tradi-

tion that he had witnessed many 
times during his career. He was not 
disrespecting the funs or trying to 
encourage a repeat of Indiana Pacers 
small forward Ron Artest's con-
frontation with fans, but, just like 
Arrest, he was fined and punished 
for his actions. 

The NFL decided to fine Moss 
$10,000. The fine is twice as much 
as is typical for players participating 
in "inappropriate" celebrations. 

Denver Broncos quarterback 
Jake Plummer was only fined $5.000 
after flipping off fans during a game. 

There have been many other 
explicit touchdown celebrations 
conducted by players in the FL 
this season that have gone unpuJl-
ished. Players have used the football 
as a gun, pretending to shoot their 
teammates and, as a grand finale, 
themselves. These incidents went 
overlooked because the players have 
not had a past disciplinary history 
with the league. 

The NFL has created an image 
of Moss as a thug even though he 
has avoided run-ins with the law 
during his football career, unless you 
count one occasion when he was 
found guilty of bumping a traffic 
officer with his car. 

The NFL is an entertainment 
industry and should support its 
employees for providing excitement 
to the fans. By not allowing them to 
celebrate, the NFL is taking away 
the players' right to free speech. 
Many fans are most interested in the 
shocking postgame comments or 
the drama that happens between 
players and fans on and off the field . 
The NFL needs to realize that its 
fines and overly strict rules are not 
accomplishing anything. 

"Ain't nothing but 10 grand," 
Moss said of the severity of his pun-
ishment in an interview later. 
"What's 10 grand to me? Ain't shit. 
Maybe next time I'll tum around 
and shake my cock at 'em." 

It is true, 10 grand is nothing to 
him. It will not stop him from strip-
ping in the end zone next time. The 
NFL needs incidents like these to 
keep its ratings up. 

I cannot wait until the next 
Vikings game because I want to see 

See MOSS, p. I I 


