
l"HE WRONG WAY TO HUNT: SHOOT 'EM IN THE FACE. OPINION, PAGE 5 
.. 

www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Athletes, Admin Face Off Over D-I Jump COUNCIL 
ADOP.TS 

NEWSRTV 
CHARTER 

Sports teams say 
they're ready to make 
the leap to top NCAA 
tier, but the money 
might not be there. 

By Yasha Sharma 
STAFF WRITER 

Bridges also said that although 
Cal State Los Angeles' athletics 
program matches up pretty well 
to UCSD's, "if UCSD ever decided ' 
to give out athletic scholarships, it 
would blow [us) out of the water." 

Cal State Los Angeles is in luck. 
UCSD remains the only school in 
Division II to offer no athletic schol-
arships, 

While the Academic Senate is 
Athletes are usually competitive considering awarding the NCAA-

by nature, which makes playing as mandated minimum amount of 
a Triton all the more frustrating scholarships, $500 per student-ath-
for Justine Fonte, a Revelle College lete, athletes are getting restless with 
sophomore and member of the a school atmosphere they say has 
women's tennis team. skewed priorities. 

"We are a Division-I level school "[We have) no scholarships and 
functioning as a Division-II school:' little emphasis on athletics," Fonte 
said Fonte, who serves as the 2005- said. "It is really difficult for the 
06 California Collegiate Athletic athletic program to progress under 
Association representa- _______ these circumstances:' 
tive to the NCAA. ANALYSIS Some athletes are 

As one of only two UC more ambitious, push-
campuses not competing ing for the athlet -
in Division I, UCSD remains a giant ics department to move to the top 
among its Division-II counterparts. NCAA tier. In 2000, administrators 
Academically, the campus ranks decided UCSD had outgrown its 
32nd in the nation, according to the Division III standing and moved up 
U.S. News and World Report, with to Division II. The same upgrade 
the next Division-II school, UC should t>e considered now, accord-
Davis, ranked 48th. UCSD's student i"l _.~'8I*good Marshall College 
body of over 20,000 is much more senior Kaitlin Foe, UCSD represen -
than the 2,ooO-to-8,OOO averages of tative to CCAA and captain of the 
most Division-II schools. women's water polo team. 

The allure of UCSD's academic Men's and' women's water polo, 
along with fencing and men's vol-
It;yball, already compete at the 
Division-I level. 

An upgrade to Division I may 
be too heavy of a burden for UCSD, 
however, considering the athletic 
department's current financial strug- GREG "",,,.<,vv,","v",,,. 

Senators approve new 
document governing 
station operations 
without administrators' 
blessings. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

The subject line of Student-Run 
Television task force member Harry 
Khanna's e-mail to the A.S. Council 
seemed to say it all: "Just when we 
thought we were done with RTV." 

As of now, the council has taken 
a tep toward being done with the 
station drama, which included por-
nographic broadcasts by John Muir 
College alumnus Steve York, a pro-
vision banning "graphic depictions 
of sexual activity involving nudity" 
and its eventual rejection by a stu -
dent vote, and the administration's 
refusal to turn the station on until 
its charter was revised. 

At its Feb. 15 meeting, the coun-
cil voted to adopt a new charter, 
though the document is vastly dif-
ferent from the requirements set for 
it by administrators. 

standing has made the campus an 
attractive sight for new recruits, 
according to Cal State Los Angeles 
Athletics Director Dan Bridges. In 
fact, CSULA needs to "give over 
$350,000 [per) year in athletic schol-. 
arships to stay reasonably competi-
tive with UCSD, and even then it's a 
struggle:' he said. [ DIVISION, page 7) 

UCSD remains the largest institution, and one of only two UC campuses, in Division 11. 
Some sports rompete at the D-lleuel, such as water poloJencing and men's volleyball. 

"It was the task force's job to 
make a charter that met students' 
needs and desires," said Khanna, 
who also serves a the A.S. vice 
preSident of academic affairs. "It's 
not the task force's job to negotiate 
with administrators and meet their 
needs." 

Minority Applicants Now the Majority at UCSD, UC 
By Charles Nguyen 

NEWS EDITOR NUMBER OF UCSD FRESHMAN APPLICANTS In the Feb. 7 e-mail, Khanna sought advice from the council after 
talks with administrators stalled. After seeing a dip in the number 

of applications for fall 2005, UCSD 
received 5.5 percent more applica-
tions this year, postng increases in all 
minority groups. 

At UCSD, Asian American appli-
cants remain the majority, at 14,833 
applicants. Asian-Americans are also 
applying at one of the highest rates 
compared to other ethnicities, with 
a 1,924 increase in Asian American 
applicants this year, according to 
data released by the UCSD Office of 
Admissions and Registration. 

In addition, blacks applied in the 
largest numbers in UCSD history. 

Since last year, 12.6 percent more 
blacks applied to UCSD, but they 
remain the second smallest minority 
in the applicant pool, after Native 
Americans. 

The number of whites applying to 
UCSD increased only 1 percent from 
last year and is a total of33 percent of 
the current application pool. 

The rise in minority appli -
cants can be attributed to outIeach 
efforts, according to Assistant 

HIATUS 

Vice Chancellor of Admissions 
and Registration Mae W. Brown. 
However, UCSD is striving to diver-
sify its population beyond ethnicity, 
she said. 

The campus' application data 
mirrored numbers at other UC 
schools. UCSD ranks second in the 
size of its application pool at almost 

52,500, while UCLA leads the nine 
undergraduate campuses with more 
than 60,000 applicants. 

Overall, the university system 
received 7.6 percent more applican-
tions than last year. UCSD ranked 
second-to-last, however, in growth 
rate of applications, increasing only 
5.5 percent. 

SPORTS 

, Every collegt; at UCSD received 
more applicants except for Sixth 
College, which dropped almost 13 
percent. 

John Muir College received the 
most applicants at 11,183. However, 
Revelle College had the largest 
increase in applicants with over 17 
percent growth. 

The negotiations at the begin-
ning of the month seemed to go 
smoothly, Khanna said, when acting 
Assistant Vice ChancelIor of Student 

[ SRTV, page 3 j 

BILLY W ONG/GUI<RDII<N 
Acting Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student 
Life Gary R. Ratcliff addressed the A.8. 
Council with his ronCl'ms about the charter. 

INSIDE WEATHER 
No Droids Here Heartbreaking Homer New Busine s ......................... 3 Editorial .... ................... .......... .. 4 Feb. 16 Feb. 17 Q: What's black, white and requires no green? 
A: RJD2 and Aceyalone at Porter's Pub. 
page 8 

A wallc-off dinger ends the baseball team's 
hopes against Cal State Dominguez Hills. 
page 16 

Site Seen ................................. 9 H59 L42 HS8L 42 
Album Reviews .................... 11 
Crossword ............................. 12 Feb. 18 Feb. 19 
Classifieds ............................. 12 H56 L41 H55L38 



2 NEWS 

SUSIE S.D. 
.. ~. 

CURRENTS ------
Campus Combines 

Disciplines in Center 
UC D inaugu rated a new 

Information Theory and Applications 
Center on Feb. 8 to study the fu nda-
mentals a nd • develop a pplications 
in hioiniorm a tics, communications, 
computer science, finance, sta lis-
ti 5 and other d iscipli nes. 

The center is part of the univer-
sity's recently opened Ca lifornia 
Insti tu te for Tel ecommunications 
and Informa tion Technol ogy a nd 
wi ll draw faculty and gradua te 
tudents from the Jacobs School of 

Engi neering. 
UCS D has appointed Alon 

Orlitsky, who holds multipl e 
pos itions in both the Jacobs 
School of Engi neering's e lectrical 
and compu ter engineering a nd 
computer science a nd e ngineer-
ing depa rtments, as director of 
the center. 

Researchers Grow 
New Veggie Hybrid 

A new type of asparagus that 
de livers a higher harvesting yield 
than previous varieties of the veg-
e table and offers a higher qual -
ity of marketable spea rs has been 
developed by resea rche rs at UC 
Riverside, the first time the campus 
has introdu ced a new hybrid veg-

etable since 1 982 . 
Dubbed " DePaoli " asparagus, 

the new variety honors William P. 
DePaoli, a long-time advocate of 
asparagus-breedi ng programs and 
the fi rst director of the California 
Asparagus Commission . 

The new variety should appear 
in grocery stores within a few 
years, according to UC Riverside 
plant geneticist Mikeal Roose, who 
spearheaded the project. 

Engineer Named to 
National Academy . 

UCSD bioengineering profes-
sor Bernard O . Palsson has been 
e lected to the National Academy 
of Engi neering for his "scholarship, 
tech no logica l advances and entre-
preneurial activities in metabolic 
engineeri ng." 

Considered to be one of the 
highest professional distinctions 
available to an engi neer, Palsson 
joined the academy with 75 other 
new members on Feb. 8. 

With Palsson, the total numbe r 
of academy engineers from the 
jacobs School of Engineering is. 
15. 

Palsson, who joined the UCSD 
faculty in 1995, serves on the 
boards of several bioengineering 
journals and wrote the first text-
book for the relatively new field of 
systems biology. 

STYLE FILE 

l ~uJ ~ sell : t.:acte - ----.-

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

By JENNIFER HSu 

Face of Conservative Party Changing 
The new face of COIISD'WIIi:sM is tDIciItg 011 " surprising look. 
with mcm pys tutd ~ jo;ttltw the Gtrwl Ol' Party. 

AROUND THE UC 
• 1tIpod: 'Don't AlIi PolIcy c.dr 
• A ..... oICat1 
• UC c ........ ,. FaceIIft 
• FeelIltBtOllt.-.st.ee SbIdmb 

STATEWIDE NEWS 
· c...-Says 'No' to Dnw-AIIl ... 
.• SIII4p: Fear HeIIth AmalIe ..... 
• MIIiIcat MA,hem -' SbmiInI 
• No....,...e No 'DM. 

It's a NEW dayl 
Take a shot at being a 

SPORTS PHOTOGRAPHERJ 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 

f6rlnCWol 
vtadiml,~ ........ rAft 

I." S. ,." 

=~~ CAfIt'~ 
0a"'N8~ -..... 
~~ 

__ &IIIor 

~MIoIden o,wo.-
...... ump AIIOdoIe OpIoIoIIWIter 
.... E_ s,.. ..... 

Ch,i.-Pat ,... ..... 
Mo_~ris 

.-.... .... WIter 

Co6r" Naboun 1IiIIooo .... 
Christine C!.lot 

--..... -GHllehure 

8i11yWong 
"--

Alexander Varond "'-III ..... r6r 
Andrew Nguyen Dooip-

RileySatan,·Pearce AII_ 

--
_l __ ..... 

..... ~ . RlchoJd Ch.I, NotW.o NorwtIN. WeoId\> Shit., 
Ulako l.Jerd.I. ~I'!'NW \Wton 

KJthe,tne McCaI ...... c..e.raI ~ 
MlChatlfouits .-......~ 

MichelieTsai _-.....,,-, 

Mlk.e Martinez .-...... Aft 0itedDr 

,oshRof<! W.-

--
ChriSty FKtOl', K ..... le 

-UIoIIp-'-' Ceor!Ie ~ _ ChaO 
-

CallyCa.sey, Tessa ~ TrfNOr Ol~" 
Th< UCSOc;.._ I. p<>bII,hedMo::J;:,ndTh,,,,,,Y' 

~~~=;I~~rl .. n=r'~ 
any fann. whe1he:, in ... 01 ill r,: wtIhout penn,t-

~g~~)~~!:~~ .. 't:n~~ 
Itcfted IItII'lViCrrpts or W1. The ~ e!lfft':sed herein 
~::~r~~ft~o~f~~9~ 
Stude .... Tho UCSD GUIId .. n Is _ soIdy by _,. 
tisins. Gnnt In the lning room. 

Genera' Editoriol: ase-~ 
edft~8.,.rd;.n.or8 

f=::t:=:=:::J=~ 
Hlotus: ftS8.5J4.6S&]. -,u.rdlon."" 
iE· ftS8.SJ.I.6S&2.~,-..."" ftS8.SJ.I.6S&2.spo.,,~."'I <r.~~juord>M."'I 

NlvertisinK: 856-53+34fJ6 
ad.-vcs3,u.!diilll.ag 

fax: 856-534-7691 

adsto~ 
Flame Broiler, Brazilia Skin Care 

$1 PINTS 
UBREWHOUSE 

60UIIIT _nos & was. 
VIllA LA aLA & .-a. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,2006 

'New Digs, SRTV Charter 
Can't Stop Old Arguments 
W hile a change of face did not do much to disrupt the course of events of last 
week's A.S. meeting. a new location 
at computer science and engineer-
ing building and the appearance of 
an unexpected visitor certainly did its 
share to stir the pot this time around . 

Acting Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Student Life Gary R. Ratcliff appeared 
before the council during public 

When Tess had fmished, Ratcliff 
asked Vice President Internal AntIeia 
Fomero if he could speak again in 
response to Tess' comments. Denied 
the opportunity, Ratcliff left the meet-
ing before a vote on the charter was 
even discussed by the council. 

It took the better part of an hour 
for the issue to move beyond simple 
amendments regarding. among other 
things, grammar, gender neutrality 

and word choice. In input, effectively 
warning that the 
revised Student-
Run Television 
charter up for 
an A.S. Council 
vote would not 
affect the admin-

New 
Business 

the face of Ratcliff's 
demands, the coun-
cil voted to - as 
put by Earl Warren 
CoUege Sophomore 

istration's decision 
about whether the station would be 
turned back on. According to Ratcliff, 
the council has not yet devised a char-
ter complying with the ' 17 demands 
made by administrators in order for 
the station to return. 

"The key item missing in the new 
charter is a programming review 

board~ Ratcliff said. "A content review 
board would apply your content rules 
and regulations before programs air:' 

Although Ratcliff said that estab-
lishing such a board to review pro-
grams would "not be difficult." SRTV 
Station co-Manager Andrew Tess 
asserted the opposite. 

According to Tess, a review board 
could ultimately make the universi-
ty more legally liable for unwanted 
airings, rather than the contrary. As 
anticipated, the administration's refusal 
to return control of the station back 
to the council also became a topic of 
heated debate. 

"Here, we've been given the control 
of our own editorial Idecisions)," Tess 
said. "Once it's been given, taking it 
back is never a good idea, and judges 
do not smile on it." 

L'Heureux Senator Daniel 
Palay - "screw 
the administration:' 

The new chaner was passed by a vote 
of \7-\-0. 

FollOwing the dissolution of the 
old chaner and the approval of the 
new one, the next it.em on the agenda 
was the re-appointment of Tess as the 
SRTV station manager. However, this 
proved to be more troublesome than it 
originally appeared. 

"I feel that [Tess] was extremely 
negligent, and \ would urge the council 
not to approve him; Sixth · College 
Senior Senator Matt Corrales said. 

In his own defense, Tess claimed that 
during the November airings of john 
Muir College alumnus Steve yorit's por-
nographic material, he was acting under 
advice of his legal counsel in choosing 
not to take preventative action. 

"We all had lack of communica-
tion in general; Tess said. "But if you 
weren't to appoint me and you were 
to appoint someone else, whoever you 
appoint would be influenced by my 
judgment heavily:' 

Ultimately, the council decided 
there was no better candidate for the 
position, and voted 14-3- \ to keep Tess 
on board. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Task Force Frustrated With Negotiations 
~ SRlV, from page 1 
Life Gary R. Ratcliff remained 
mum on multiple aspects of the 
proposed revisions. Before any 
decisions could be made regarding 
contentious issues in the charter 
- such as the exclusion of a ban 
on sexual nudity and a program 
review board - Ratcliff told the 
task force during negotiations that 
he would have to consult with his 
superiors . 

Task force members, including 
SRTV co-Manager Andrew Tess and 
Thurgood Marshall College Student 
Council Chair Denis Shmidt, all 
expressed optimism. Khanna even 
predicted the return of the station 
witlrin weeks. 

On Feb. 6, RatcHff sent an e-
mail to Khanna expressing doubt 
over the task force's version of the 
charter. 

"The university continues to 
stand by the condition that televi-
sion station's broadcasting on the 
Triton Cable Network are prohib-
ited from airing graphic depictions 
of sexual activity." Ratcliff stated . 

In addition, Ratcliff stated that 
he wanted the inclusion of a pro-
gram review board that would 
"approve new program proposals 
in advance to ensure that programs 
comply with the station's rules and 
regulations." 

"It is better to verify compliance 
[with the charter] before a program 
airs than after its airs," Ratcliff stat-
ed in the e-mail. 

The task force had proposed 
the creation of a panel that would 
review and sanction broadcast pro-
ducers after an airing if the show 
violated the charter. 

Members argued that a pro -
gram review panel would serve no 
purpose on top of a post-review 
panel. 

Under the system backed by 
Ratcliff, show producers would fill 
out a form prior to airings indicat-

u 
<C 

ing whether or not the proposed 
show would violate the charter. 

"A person could answer 'yes' or 
'no' to violations to the charter:' 
Khanna said. "Any violations would 
end up at the post review panel to 
decide sanctions anyway." 

Tess had stronger words for 
the panel, calling Ratcliff's wishes 
"prior review," which Tess contends 
is illegal in public institutions. 

"Prior review doesn't make any 
sense on this campus, in any con-
text," Tess said. 

'eve that we 
oUId make clear to 
the A.S. and the 
campus that the 

administration will 
not permit the 
transmission of 

pornography over its 
broadcast channels .. :' 

- Joseph W. Watson, Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs 

During negotiations, Ratcliff 
did not give the task force a definite 
stance on the issue of review panels 
pr the ban on nudity, which makes 
the negotiations, in hindSight, frus-
trating and eemingly pointless, 
Khanna said. 

"I think we would like to speak 
to who's really in charge and making 
decisions:' Khanna said. "If we want 
to get something done to the liking 
of both students and administrators, 
we want to talk to the top." 

The top, it would appear, would 
be at Vice Chancellor of Student 

Affairs joseph W. Watson . 
"r believe that we should make 

clear to the A.S. and the campus 
that the administration will not 
permit the transmission of pornog-
raphy over its broadcast channels, 
and that we should do so earlier 
rather than later," Watson stated 
to Ratcliff on Nov. 15 in an e-mail 
obtained by the Guardian through 
the California Public Records Act. 
"We should couple the statement 
with one that indicates that the 
A.S .... has open to it the ability . 
to broadcast any material it wishes 
from and over broadcast and trans-
mission facilities -not associated 
with UCSO:' 

Chancellor Marye Anne Fox 
said that she would rather stay out 
of the university's dealings with the 
station until she deems it necessary 
to intervene. 

Fox also said that she gets peri-
odic reports about the progress 
of the SRTV negot iations, but she 
indicated that any time estimate 
about the station's return would be 
"pre-empting." 

"We want to restore SRTV under 
conditions appropriate for the uni-
versity, and we hope we can reach a 
resolution quickly," Fox said. "But I 
would not insert myself unless there 
is an impasse in the negotiations." 

The impasse could be near, with 
the council deciding at its latest 
meeting this week to approve the 
charter without Ratcliff's support 
in a t 7 - 1-0 vote. The move could 
send a symbolic message to the uni-
versity, according to Khanna. 

"Maybe it could put pressure 
on the university to accept what 
students want," he said. 

- Additional reporting by 
Matthew McArdle 

ASSOCIATE NEWS EOlroR 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

AU ....,.,; ...... shown at lit. Price C.nle, Tlteatr. 

.,_.v. PI.IRRV 11 
DOMINO 
Domino Hamy, a fOl1lllr madel ond the daUght ... 
of adar Laurene. Hamy, 1_ her lif, 01 luxury 
in ""'" Hllk 10 become a bounly hun' .... AIeng 
with her partner, Ed MartineJ, she ~ the nIX' 
thlll ytafS Iirini oK cauntless "",nils of ommo in 
SOU1h los AntIIIis. Starri", K.ir. Knighlley ond 
Mkby Rourk. 

6pm&9pm 
$3 

RJD2& 
ACEYALONE 

Thursday, February 16 
Porter's Pub Student Center • 7 pm 
FREE for ucso stud,nts with valid 10 $I~ for general public 
TIcl: .... UCSD &ox Office on night of allow 

P~brASUCSD 
Cm(f Univwsity Cenltil'l 



;:,1'-GUARDIAN 
---.....z>''\i.., 

4 
CONTACT THE EDIT R 

Marianlle Madden 
opinioll@lIcsdglla rdian .org OPINION 

~ Props to the state. Senate for sta.n.ding firm and demanding accountability : from the University of California in disclosing its pay practices. 
Under Bush's leadership, the ~ 

government is running a record budget .4 
deficit of 5423 billion and the u.s. 

Treasury has reached its credit limit. 

EDITORIALS 
An Experience Too 
Big for the Bubble 

W hen members of a federal commission consider implementing standardized testing at colleges and universities to 
measure student learning, we have to resort to refUSing them 
begin to wonder whether they accreditation or denying their 
remember the point of whatev- students federal aid. As it cur-
er higher education they had. rently stands, universities com-
Not only would the introduc- pete with each other for the 
tion of stanpardized testing for best students. There's simply 
universities run counter to the no evidence that the free mar-
basic purpose of higher educa- ket does not already eliminate 
tion. it would almost certainly institutions that fail to meet 
distract attention from (and fail the expectations of students. 
to fix) the deep-rooted prob- even if only through the rise 
lems in American schooling. and fall of r~putations. qual-

The issues that most con- ity of life indexes and research 
cern a Bush-appointed COtn- dollars. Choosing a college 
mission on higher education - is not like choosing a digital 
a lack of writing, critical think- camera. where a features-to-
ing and problem-solving skills cost evaluation makes certain 
in recent graduates - are not choices empirically wiser than 
college-level problems. Those others. The perceived potential 
deficiencies are born at (or for learning is a central factor. 
before) the high school level, but so are such elusive quali-
part of the legacy of a public ties as geographic location) stu-
education system encouraged dent life opportunities and the 
to pass failing campus environ-
student s and ment. Moreover. 
lower stan - TESTING FAILURE the real benefits 
dards for want of a college edu-
of resources . • Standardized testing at cation - like 
Testing at the universities would only pro f e s s i.o n a I 
co llege level devalue the basic purpose networking and 
couldn't di s- of higher education while personal growth 
cern between masking learning flaws - go far beyond 
what students further upstream. classroom les-
learned in sons. 
high school or college, produc- Evaluating a college educa-
ing results that would effec- tion through the standardized 
tively punish colleges for the testing of a few capacities - all 
inadequacies of students' pre- of which should have been mas-
vious education . tered in high school - could 

Even if there was a way to amount to an assault on the very 
single out college learning. no foundation of the American 
standardized test could encom- higher education system. Critics 
pass all of the different mis- are calling on each institution 
sions. philosophies and meth - of higher learning to specify 
ods of the whole spectrum of exactly what it is that students 
public and private universities, should get for their money, but 
liberal arts colleges, religious the difficulty of aggregating the 
academies and other institu- whole spectrum of academic 
tions that make up American experiences makes that nearly 
higher education. impossible. With basic reason-

How is a bioengineering ing and communication skills 
student at UCSD going to com- already well developed, stu-
pare to a s tudent at one-of-a- dents should be able to pursue 
kind St. John's College in New the college education they feel 
Mexico, where the curriculum will be most beneficial to them. 
is based entirely on the great Institutions should be free to 
books of Western civilization? design innovative and rigorous 
Indeed. an attempt to com- curricula without the artificial 
pare them - even on some requirements of a standard test 
so-called "basics" - would rearranging priorities from the 
blindly negate the vastly dif- outside. 
ferent pursuits of the two stu - Most importantly. lawmak-
dents, whose future goals may ers and politicians need to rec-
be worlds apart. A standard- ognize that the deficiencies of 
ized test would be useless in American students most cer-
comparing institutions whose tainly do not begin in college. 
missions are anything but stan - A real solution to the prob-
dardized. lem of unskilled graduates 

And unlike testing of pub- needs to begin where the lack-
lie high school s, the govern- ing skills were first supposed 
ment couldn·t · directly punish to be introduced - American 
failing institutions. It would K-12 schools. 

THE"tGUARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Grant Schrader 

ED ITOR IN CHI EF 
Vladimir Kogan Charles Nguyen 

MANAGING EDITOR NEWS EDITOR 
lall S. Pori Marianne Madden 

MANAGING EDITOR OPINION EDITOR 
The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 

California at San Diego. Contents <0 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the majority vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those of the 
UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL 

lAO NEWS, MR. Cl-4£NEY. 
WIIITTINGTON IS GETTING 

OUT Of TIlE ICU 
TOMORROW. 

By Riley Salant-Pearce 

Fat Won't Give You Cancer, But You Still 
Have to Go for a Run Every Once in Awhile 

By Maryann Kimoto 
STAFF WRITER 

T ell me what you eat. and I will tell you what you are," said French gastronomist 
Anthelme Brillat-Savarin nearly 200 
years ago. French intuition has since 
been complemented by a dose of 
American investigation. According to 
the results of a recent study, eating 
a diet high in fat may make you fat , 
but on its own , it probably won't give 
you cancer. 

For some, that may be reason 
enough to go running back to the 
snack cupboard with open arms. But 
those truly concerned about their 
health can still fmd plenty of reason 
to abstain. 

The $415 million Women's Health 
Initiative (WHl) project recently 
found that low-fat diets have no sta-
tistical effect on heart disease, breast 
cancer or colorectal cancer when 
compared to a control group with no 
dietary restrictions. They also showed 
in passing that carbohydrates do not 
make women fatter. more prone to 
heart disease or diabetes. 

Conducted on thousands of post-
menopausal women, the study has 
become a shining star to anti-diet-
ers, since the purported link between 
dietary fat and cancer ha long been a 
source of second-thoughts for would-
be high-diners. Considering the 
medias demonization of fats in the 
past. with journalists proclaiming the 
"American obesity epidemic" and the 
rampant popularity of the documen-
tary "Super Size Me," fatty-food freaks 
have celebrated the new fmdings with 
the resounding chorus, "the fat fad 
is over!" 

All is not lost for the calorie-coun-
ters. Research maintains that high-fat 
foods encourage obesity, a constant 
health risk, and that there are carci-
nogenic properties to certain fried 
and charred meals. 

This. coupled with the narrow-
ness of the selected subjects in age 
and gender, suggests that the study 
is not entirely applicable to all peo-
ple. Overindulgence is still as evil as 
always. even if that's a sad thought. 

However, there is hope. The 
French , known to consume more 
high-fat food s than Americans, also 
experience a lower national rate of 
heart disease. This may initially seem 
to support the WHI project findings, 
but consider this: The French are 
found in medical studies to be more 
physically active, eat smaller portions 

and drink more wine. Though their 
obesity levels are rising. they are still 
lower than ours, and enjoy lower rates 
of heart disease. 

The beneficial effects of antioxi-
dants in wine are still being studied, 
but much research has been done on 
the benefits of exercise. Dr. Joanne 

-Manson, who was involved in the 
WHI project, also helped investi-
gate obesity in women ages 34 to 
59, a much younger age range than 
the dietary fat reduction study. The 
research group found that obesity and 
lack of exercise were independently 
tied to risk of coronary heart disease. 

In essence. this information says 
that fatty foods may not be killing 
Americans, but our lack of exercise 

Considering the 
media's. demonization 

of fats in the past, 
with journalists 
proclaiming the 
~erican obesity 

epidemic,' fatty-food 
freaks have celebrated 

the new findings 
with the resounding 
chorus, 'the fat fad is 

over!'" 
stiU is. Becoming a more active per-
son is one of the main ingredients to 
living a healthy life, and it has every-
thing to do with lifestyle and culture. 

In America, cubicles are the norm, 
adults watch over 30 hours of televi -
sion a week, consume 53 gallons of 
soft drinks a year, and spend an hour 
a day in a car. according to the U.S. 
census . Anyone who pretends the 
inactivity of this lifestyle is perfectly 
healthy is delusional. When compar-
ing the average everyday lives of the 
French and Americans, it is easy to 
spot the differences in lifestyle that 
help make France a heart-healthier 
country. 

All of this, of course, is assuming 
that the WHI project is trustworthy. 
Recently, critical stem cell and cancer 
research falsification has cast doubt 
on scientific research, and more than 

one news agency has twisted a story 
to suit its needs. How are readers to 
tell the difference? 

Simply put, money. The largest 
project of its kind. the WH I project's 
list of authors is a massive paragraph 
long. Unlikely to ever be sponsored 
so richly again, and supported by 
the scientific result of various other 
research papers, the study amassed 
peer criticism, interest and review. 
(The original report is also free to 
the public.) 

The most popular criticism of the 
study design is that consumers should 
use a new dogma, one that distin-
guishes between "good" and "bad" 
fats, i!1stead of worrying about total 
fat consumption. These scientists 
claim that some fats, such as olive, 
canola and peanut oil, are healthy for 
the body. while saturated and trans 
fats are main contributors to disease. 

They point to the fact that the 
study's generic overhaul of fat reduc-
tion resulted in very little of each fat 
type being reduced. Less reduction 
of the bad fats translates to more 
statistical occurrence of cancer and 
heart disease. 

Applying the data from the study 
to everyday people can also be a 
problem. No rousing cry can be made 
on behalf of the masses when women 
between the ages of 50 to 79, given 
monthly health checkups and allowed 
to dine without restrictions prior to 
the study, are the basis for critical 
health finds. Not all Americans fall 
within this range. 

Peer analysts also say that long-
term development of cancer and 
heart disease may have been brewing 
in the subject pool before the study 
was conducted. Though research was 
drawn out over a period of eight years, 
investigators suggested that a "more 
focused diet and lifestyle interven-
tion" might "improve risk factors and 
reduce cancer/heart disease risk." 

In essence, th.ey. do not want to 
rule out the risk of a regimen of 
fatty foods without first increasing 
the difference in diets between the 
experimental and control groups. as 
only 8.2 percent total fat reduction 
was recorded. . 

If even the researchers are unsure. 
• then we should be too. 

Whether the criticisms are true or 
not. what it all boils down to is this: 
Postmenopausal women probably 
won't benefit from a small reduction 
in dietary fat, but a moderate health 
regimen still carries the chance of one 
day saving your life. 

THURSDAY. fEBRUARY 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINIONS 

Quick, Take Cover! It's 
Hunting Season for the Veep 

. A dding new meaning to "fuck your 
buddy," Vice President Dick Cheney 
shot his hunting companion, Harry 

Whittington, in the face, neck and chest with 
a shotgun this weekend, after somehow mis-
taking a 78-year-old lawyer in a bright orange 
hunting vest for a covey of quai!. 

This is an outrage. Isn't this administra-
tion all about completing everything they 

FEMA-funded hotel rooms and Antonin 
Scalia runs his mouth? 

There are other news stories. The 
Associated Press reports, "The White House 
has decided that the best way to deal with 
Vice President Dick Cheney's shooting acci -
dent is to joke about it." And they've thought 
up some damn funny jokes, too! Read this 
and try not to giggle. I dare you. 

Indecent 
Exposure 

"President Bush's spokes-
man quipped Thesday that 
the burnt orange school col-
ors of the University of Texas 
championship footbaH team 
that was visiting the White 
House shouldn't be confused _ .M;ITI;lnne Madden 

start? Well, Dick - the 
old bastard you shot is 
still alive. I think it's time 
to pull an Old Yeller on 
him and finish the job. 
I've got the perfect little 
shed you can drag him 
behind. At the very least 
you should promise that 

mmadden@ucsd.edu for hunter's safety wear." 

the next time you're trying to bump off your 
hunting companions, you will try harde.r. We 
don't accept mediocrity from our troops in 
Iraq, and we sure as hell won't accept it from 
you. 

I shouldn't joke. Shooting your hunting 
buddy is decidedly not hilarious. What is 
hilarious. though, is the flurry of articles 
chastising Dick Cheney for lacking the hunt-
ing skills and common sense of a preteen. 
This. from the San Francisco Chronicle: 

"If Vice President Dick Cheney had fol -
lowed the protocols taught Ito) 12-year-
olds in hunter education programs. he never 
would have shot his pal last weekend while 
quail hunting, according to hunting safety 
experts." 

Poor Dick. He can't hunt for shit. And -
correct me if I'm wrong - he shot his hunt-
ing companion thinking he was a small bird. 
In a faraway land called Northern California, 
I've observed that quail skitter along the 
ground, while a grown man's face and chest 
are more than five feet off the ground. So ... 
Cheney. you have terrible aim. Might want to 
check the prescription on your bifocals. 

But what can we expect from a nearly 
dead guy who resembles The Penguin and 
a VP who pumps small birds full of lead in 
Texas while Katrina victims are evicted from 

BWAHAHAHA! Mr. -
giggle - Spokesman, you - giggle - are so 
funny! You - [snort) - joked about shoot-
ing the UT football team. That's so risque 
and witty. Decrepit old Cheney, pumping 
lead into some young, virile college athletes? 
Hilarious! 

And as I write this on lUesday afternoon. 
another tidbit to chew on. was just released 
by the Associated Press: 

"The 78-year-old lawyer who was shot 
by Vice President Dick Cheney in a hunting 
accident has some birdshot in or touching 
his heart and he had 'a silent heart attack' 
lUesday morning, hospital officials said." 

Hmm. That is truly a shocki.ng develop-
ment. Maybe Dick Cheney is finishing the 
job on 01' Harry. but in the slow. silent. heart-
attack kind of way, not the "I'm gonna pop 
you· kind <?f way. Kudos. Cheney, apparently 
you're more wily than your doughy appear-
ance would suggest. 

And then there's the beauty of the fact that 
the White House held off on disseminating 
the story for nearly 24 hours, even though 
President Bush was told about the accident 
an hour after it occurred, around 8 p.m. on 
Saturday night. when he was surely settling in 
for a night of grab-ass with Laura. 

[ MADDEN, page 6] 

MODEL SEARCH 
for 

MS TROPHY USA 
Gorgeous women ages 17-27 compete for a share 
of $l00k in cash, prizes and exclusive modeling 

contracts with Trophy Models and 
our esteemed sponsors! 

Bring photos and bikini to casting 

Are you worthy of being the new 
Trophy cover model? 

National Ad campaigns for Trophy Cosmetics, 
Trophy Coture, Trophy Swimwear Print & 
Spokesmodel & Exposure Opps including 

travel, celeb evens & more 

AUDITIONS 4 CASTING in Beverly Hills 

ttfr~ 
TROPHY 
-ENTERTAINMENT-

468 N. Camden Drive, Ste. 200, Beverly Hills, CA 90210 
ATTN: Mr. Tracy Keys/Model Search 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR ---
Student Ills Can't Be 

Healed By Psych Services 
Dear Editor: 

"Sobel's death highlights the importanc~ of 
suicide prevention through student use of the 
campus' psychological services, administrators 
said." It is, of course, just another expression of 
the removed scientific arrogance of this univer-
sity to imply that severe mental and personal 
problems can be alleviated by simply referring 
oneself to the appropriate mental/life process-
ing entity within the bureaucratic hodge-podge 
of student services. Nevermind the neglect 
of the lack of community here, the routine 
coldness of academic rigor without a break to 
respond to the starving emotional needs of so 
many students. A healthy university environ-
ment would be able to help those who don't 
do so well to improve academically, but also to 
help those who put everything into their efforts 
to excel in the classroom understand that this 
leads to a sad. lonely, stressful life if the needs 
of friends, love, and fun are ignored. 

What's really important? So all I need is a 
surrogate friend at psych services, and to keep 
on studying? I'd prefer acts of kindness. people 
stopping to talk, a hug, even a nod from profes-
sors trying to cram a semester into a quarter 
that too much is enough - experiences hard 
to come by on this campus. And to all those to 
whom I have not shown these things as well as 
I can. I am sorry. I will try to be more mindful 
and more kind. 

-Name withheld on request 
Sixth College Undergraduate 

UCSD's Gay Community 
Puckered Up on V-Day 

Dear Editor: 
Queer People of Color (QPOC) would 

like to talk about our third-annual QPOC 
Kiss-In that was held this Tuesday, Feb. 14. 
The Kiss-In is a celebration each Valentine's 
Day in which queer people of color and their 
allies gather on Library Walk and educate the 
student body with fliers to initiate dialogue 

about heterosexism and homophobia. We 
also, as the name of the event expresses, kiss 
and show other levels of affection that are 
considered acceptable behavior for straight 
couples, but not for same-sex couples. 

In past years there has been confusion 
about why we hold the Kiss-In. We are out 
on Library Walk because on any other day, 
we wouldn't feel comfortable being there and 
shOWing affection to our partners. When 
straight couples kiss, it is largely ignored, 
and is at worse a nuisance, while when queer 
couples kiss we are gawked at , often harasse~. 
and become the talk of the school by lunch-
time - and we object. 

That is why we chose the theme of this 
year's Kiss-In to be "Validating Our Love", 
a theme that encompassed all of our Kiss-
In goals: to challenge the heteronormativity 
directed upon us and show through our pres-
ence as queer people of color on campus that 
our expression of love is equally valid and our 
relationships are equaJly as lOving. It is not 
about drawing attention for attention's sake, 
or flaunting our queerness. It is about taking 
the steps necessary so that same-sex affection 
will one day no longer have to be an event, 
but simply be accepted as an act of kindness 
and love. Since it is still the other way around, 
we'll be out there every Valentine's Day, and 
we thank aU our supporters who come by. 

-UCSD Queer People of Color 

• The Guardian welcomes letters fivm its readers. 
AD letters must be no Iongn- than 500 words, 
typed. doubk-spaad and sigmd with a name and 
appIictUHe title. Letters must G1so contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit for length 
IUId clarity. Letters may be dropped off at tM 
Guardian c!fice on the second jIoor of the Student 
Center or t-mQiIed. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD G_rduUl 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La JoUa, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: 
letters@ucsdguardian.org 

GRE & GMAT course starts: 
Feb. 25th 
March 25th 
April 22nd 
May 20th 
June 24th 

MeAT course starts: 
August exam: April 25th, May 22nd, 
Jun. 18th & 19th 

Save $100 before March 31 st on an MeAT course! 

LSAT course starts: 
June exam: Feb. 11th, Mar. 25th, April 22nd & May 1st 
Sept. exar;n: Jun. 10th, July 8th & Aug. 12th 

LSAT Early Bird for Sept. exam: 
SAVE $100 before June 2nd. 

Space Is limited - call today 
800-2Review 

www.PrincetonReview.com 

All te.t typee.,. 1nIdemarIoa" _ ooepectIve 0WMfI. WIIO .,. 
not ........ _ ",. '""'-IOn Review. The Princeton ReYlew 
_ ",. ~ Revtew IoQo .,. !fademarll. lor The Princeton 
Rev .... Inc:. The Princeton RIIView. Inc. I. not .mu.led with 
Princeton Unl".,.tty. 



6 OPINION 

SPECIAL OFFER: 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

NOBEL COURT 
APARTMENT S 

RESORT STYLE RENTALS 

COMMUNITY FEATURES 

TWO 0UT0Cl0R HEATED POOLS 
PICNIC AREAS WITH 6AR8£QUES 

BUSINESS CENTER WITH INTERNET ACCESS 
FUllY-EQUIPPED FIlNESS CENTER 

PET FRIENDlY ENVIRONMENT 
IDEAL UTe LOCATION, 1/2 MILE FROM UCSD 

1 BEDROOMS FROM $1,145 
2 BEDROOMS FROM $1,540 

$250 CONCESSION FOR 1 YEAR LEASE $150 FOR A 6 MONTH LEASEI 
I $199 DEPOSIT ON APPROVED CREDIT I 

8889 CAMINITO PLAZA CENTRO 
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 92121 

LEASING OFFICE HOUU: MOM-THUttS 9-6; 
FlU 9-4; CLOSED SAT; SUN 10-5 

_tiJ... 

(858) 452-3622 
• c"-i:' a'c it .. ·; C,.'WN(D AND [)(\I(~O IV NOeU (QUtT ti(\I£1.OI'l.4lNT, u.c. 1W.. D(V[loPlR Rl..SiIM'Io ft4- II.IGfT 10 Ou.NC.l PIUONG. IEAoTUlfi. IJ'C . ...",..NiTO 'MTWCkJT NOflCL 
'="_ ... .!.:.:.~ !~_ MoQW 00 NOT llJU(f ~~"1. 

READ THE GUARDIAN ON THE WEB AT U(SDGUARDIAN.ORG 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 

VP Cheney: Wors~. 
Hunting Partner. Ever. 

• MADDEN, from page 5 vests! It could be an Oscar-worthy 
What? The White House using ~daptation, but only if Dick Cheney 

secrecy to cover up ineptitude? was played by Jake Gyllenhaal, his 
Never. I'm shocked at the sugges- victim was played by a puffed-up 
tion. _'________ Natalie Portman, 

This story is and instead of 
oddly compelling, ~ t? The White shooting her, he 
but it took me until rolled around 
today to figure out House using with her in a field 
why. First - hey, or something. A 
Cheney did some- ~ to cover up field with cute 
thing interesting! ~----, little quails sing-
Let's give the guy a ineptitude? Never. ing songs in the 
round of applause, background. 
while quietly rm shocked at the OK, maybe 
unloading all the ." that movie con-

SnaOiestion. birdshot from his ~ cept needs a little 
shotguns and tear- work. But I'm 
ing up his hunting struggling mightily 
license. to figure out what, exactly, we're to 

Plus, this tale has all the mak- take from this story. 
iogs of a great Hollywood movie. Oh, I know. 
Deception! Confusion! Lots and lots Never, ever go hunting with Dick 
of birdshot! Sexy orange hunting Cheney. 

\ ·Jl.tl THE~GUARDIAN 
DON'T LIKE OUR ARTICLES? 
WRITE SOMETH I NG BETTER. 

JOIN UP WITH US! 
CONTACT: 

EDITOR@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 

Only one airline is Hawaiian. 

We fly daily across the Pacific 

non-stop from 9 Western U.S. cities 

featuring island-style cuisine, 

hospitality and entertainment. 

Visit our web site to find our 

lowest unadvertised fares. 

- flIRLIOES.-

HawaiianAir[ines.com 
HAWAII STARTS HERE 

THURSDAV, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

NCAA Upgrade Unpopular With Faculty 
• DIVISION, from page 1 
gles, according to Senior Associate 
Director of Athletics Ken Grosse. 
The program remains underfunded, 
Grosse said, attributing the prob-
lems to UCSD's large-scale program, 
Which involves 23 sports. 

"In our [conference) ... which 
is mainly California state universi-
ties, you're talking about 12 to 14 
sports, and their budgets are prob-
ably the same as ours, operating-
wise; Grosse said. 

At its current state, the athletic$ 
department would not be making a 
fmancially viable move if it decid-
ed to become a Division-I school, 

Gro~se said, even if the university 
was comparable athletically. 

"Division I has a minimum 
lamount of money that) we have 
to get, and ... there is a wide gap 
between where we are now and 
where that is," Grosse said. "Right 
now though, our focus is definitely 
on being the best in Division II ." 

UCSD Director of Athletics Earl 
W Edwards echoed Grosse's con-
cerns, saying that a move to Division 
I would be inappropriate not only 
financially, but also athletically. 

' We're not at that level," he said. 
Other student athletes want to 

deal with problems dose to home 
before conSidering a Division-
I upgrade. Reconciling the heavy 
emphasis on academics of UCSD 

with athletics has created a dilem-
ma for many athletes, according 
to Ashok Pathi, a Revelle College 
junior and member of the fencing 
team. 

Even the presence of athletic 
scholarships would not be enough 
to change the atmosphere of the 
school, Pathi said. 

"It would take a long time to 
change our image ~o a pro-athletic 

want to win, but 
it's something rm not 
sure that you want to 

compromise the 
main core of the 

university mission for~ 
- Ken Grosse, Senior Associate 

Director of Athletics 

school;' he said. 
That idea might not even have 

the support of UCSD faculty. 
A decision on athletic schol-

arships has been delayed by the 
Academic Senate since the end 
of last year, with multiple faculty 
members voicing displeasure with 

the possibility of introducing ath-
letic scholarships. The scholarships 
would give every eligible athlete the 
minimum grant. 

While giving scholarships to 
athletes would definitely give more 
financial power to the department, 
Grosse said that he was unable 
to comment on whether it would 
give the department enough finan -
cial power to move to Division I. 
For now, the main concern of a 
Division-! move lies in prioritiza-
tion, Grosse said. 

"We all want to win, but I'm not 
sure it's something that you want 
to compromise the main core of 
the university mission for," he said. 
"With the right kind of planning 
and approach we could be successful 
whenever the time comes:' 

In addition, establishing a strong 
financial base should come before 
any talk of a Division-! move, 
Grosse said. 

"Nobody is asking for a situa -
tion where we just throw money' at 
[athletes) and then [they) can do 
whatever they want, as you see in 
other programs, but we just want 
resources;' he said. "And once we 
can be the best here and we have 
everything in line, then we'll talk 
about the future ." 

Readers can contact Yasha Sharma at 
yasha_s2k@yahoo.com. 

THE~GUARDIAN 
Writers Wanted 

E-mail: editor@ucsdguardian.org 

aMAT I IRE I LSAT I MCAT I DAT I OAT I PCAT 

Take a FREE practice t .. t at this event and you'll receive a detailed 
score analysis and exclusive strategies to help you prepare for Test Dayl 

Saturday, February 25th @ 1 0:30am 

ENROLL 
TODAY 

UCSD 
MeAT - Peterson Hall 110 
OAT - Peterson Hall 1 02 

GMAT - HSS 1330 
GRE - Peterson Hall 108 

LIAT - HSS-LEDDN Auditorium 
OAT - Peterson Hall 103 

Umlted seats are available. C8111-8OO-KAP-TEST 
or visit kaptest.com/practlce. 

8P(W)OO1 

NEWS 7 

21" Wheeled Back Pack 
." HIP SIetTa 

3 ... I. One· CMry..o. Size 
Hidden beck peck atnpe .re atored 

behind. pedded INIc:k pane. 
Removable front day pack. 

_,. .. S8999 
26"Wheeled Back Pack 

ClClql,S17S.oo $119.99 

Io'''''!-

1655 Gamet Ave 
(858) 483-1421 
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 

RIf air frcm 8750 III!! 

Interested in being a 
MUIR COLLEGE 

GRADUATION 
SPEAKER? 

START DRAFTING 
YOUR REMARKS! 

We're looking for student speakers for the 
Muir Graduation Ceremony 

and it could be YOU! 

Sign up in the Muir College Student Affairs Office 
by Friday. Man:b 3rd, 4:30pm 

Auditions will be held during 9th Week 

a-JtiOIu7 Call rite MMi, S",.,., A/fain Offo:t at 858-534-3587 or 
\lisl, IU ill HlIIMIIilits aNi Social ScitllCt, Room 2126 



8 
CONTACT UIE EDITOR 

Cod B. abour 
Il iafll s@tlcsdgllardian.org 

~ Is always hard 10 see a good man on h·l.., cially one who once showed as mu ... Aceyalone. When the versatile lyriQilli ... ~_ ... J.1l East L.A. in '91 as one spil- hined .... d lion Freestyle FeUowship, he and .... : ... 
P.E.A. .E. and Self jupiler were "free ........... . 
when gangsta rap overwhelmingly ru ....... eo.t (led 
by OGs like Dr. Ore and Snoop). Ac fftIIic .,... 
and playful delivery et new standard aD die adc - to &ct. 
Fellowship albums 70 Whom if May a.c:.rn ... h.ciIy 
Grio fs arc two of the 010 I under-rec IIlif ia6W1tW 
works of hip-hap's golden era, as they la'Uadled au . 
cration of conscious imilators. 

Though Ace did lose a little Fellows{Up freakiDella upon 
going solo in 1995, All Balls Oon'/ BOUl4» still glowed with 
his ignature style and wit. After leaving pitol and CNItlIIa 
his own record label (Project Blowed Recordings, h.ome 
such talents as Busdriver and Phoenix Orion), he dropped his 
second solo 'project, accompanied by producer Mumbles. His 
1998 album A Book of Human Lallguage explored the inner 
workings of his twisted mind with rhymes o[lly a master 
could lay down and an inlricate theme only the r igning king 
of the left coa t underground could pull off. 

Since 2000'scoUaboration with Abstract (~rthcy 
formed the hit squad A-Team) and the joint with 
Mikah 9 (as Hail'll D'Etat), Ac ..... rd • ., 181ft .. 
material than ever - but ...... quIIIIlIy '-' IIlwaya JneIIII 
quality. Accepted E WIt • dIafp ........ Wow..., to 
lluman Lmlgllag IDd ......, ...... 1. " ..... ....., 
,yndrome, a ' thIt ..................... . 
another but was sdIl ... ___ 111m la IIICb a uIenIed 
career. 2003's~HDp_.""_U.."aUldeW 
back, btlt It WlIIiO't ..... to ............ Me. 

En ter RJD2, expel ......... OJ _1iDGta" 0tnI ...... end 
starts a computer nad'a ............ .,. ...... 
Dead ~. AccyaIoat NCnIIIa tIw JIOIIuccr b • ~ 
tra ks 00 Low IIItd ". <_ -Itl CIIIUId I8Ve ... ...., 
and appareudy the two hit It 011 - .. art SbtcI M ,., 

e and a c:oIIIboradon widI ........ (Soal Podbl) - CIIIII 
ped FebruarYs ~OIy.""""tbe,.. 
The beats IIR IarJe, tile daymes _ aut. RJ naIy \Wl1t all 

out on the bIckdrop. pertup ~ daerIe WIt • aaID8 
guy on the mic getti8s drttIBed out behiDd him. 0DIy Oft thote 
more familiar,limpIe cIrumbeIaI iI ~ able to CItda up 
to his counterpart and tUcllS bIdl to WI dqa ..... MQ8-
manded the audlence'f undMded alWIItiaa.. 

It's always al1l1*rY bow recorded InIIierIaI. will trInIIaIe to 
the stage - it'$ bani to irnI8IDe the .... cbuDk ri the album, 
which consists alJons. dnwD-out instrumentatioo aIId downer 
vocals, getting the ao.wd wry hyped ..,. A few sonp, uamely 
the raucOU$ "Combtad. Eddy aod WaDd bouncy JWIY jams 
"Disconnected" and cAD For U;" wiIllt:n'C the Jive purpoae per-
fectly. but as for the rat al WI paformmce. there teemS to be 
no choice 6apt to bring out some old mathed-up IllIterial 

Mile-a-minute beD ri eoeray JIuadriftr is kheduled to 
accompany the pair. IDd .wiIl no doubt help I"ill A&ey out 
of his rut and lend himIeIf to the betterment of the show by 
diverging from the albwn-~ ama better IUittd for 
RJ' eclectic environment. ftDJns III the pps tIiat otherwiIe 
would loom if the two badIiners were left alone to ftoundet. 

Though Aceyalone isdt at .. belt aD Mt1piJbttt at,. 
and hasn't been delMri.ns qde • be uecd to, maybe that 
shouldn't be enough to ~ OftIthadow such animpra-
sive resume. A live show could be jut the opportuoity be needs 
10 prove he's stiU the periIrmer he alwIp .... and die ink jutt 
hasn't beeo flowing out fA bit pea the ... way '*Iy - or 
perhaps it doesn't matter, '**- it will be RJD2 the kiddies 
flock to Porter' to tee. HeS wiIbouI k.is iIIuItriaus ~ but 
a hell of a lot hipper. 

RJD2 AND AGEYAlONE WIU. PERFORM 
AT PORTER'S PUB ON FEB. 1& AT 7 P.M. 
FREE WITH UCSD STUDENT to 

hiatus Aceyalone • "Disconnecled" 
arts/entertainm ent • "Ace Cowboy" 

~ THE BEST SONGS n~~ IN HIATUS O U~~ THIS W EEK d;";n~ UU(;~ 
RJD2 J Dilla 
• "Smoke and Mirrors" 
. "Right Place, Wrong 

lime" 

• "Alrworks" 
• "Don't Cry" 

THURSDAY, FEBR ARY 16,2006 --------______________ _ 

lhe Times They Are A-Changin' Forces Dylan onto Broadway 

COURT£SY OF IHE 0 10 CIOBE 
ot Dark Yel: The lame Cap/ain Arab (Thorn SesMa) piaes/ora love los/to his only son, 

singing Bob Dylan's 'A Simple Twi.lt ofFa/e- in "The Times They Are A-changin·. · 

By Cody B. Nabours 
HIATUS ED ITOR 

When most baby boomers first heard Bob Dylan - whether it was the crackling vinyl of 
Freewheelill' with puffs from a grassy 
joint (if they were cool) or hearing the 
already electric "Like A Rolling Stone" 
pouring from the radio of their Corvair 
(if they weren't) - it was a turn-
ing point, the first step teward open-
minded ness, free love, casual drug use 
and generally groovy times. Surely, 
if you told these young hippies that 
Dylan's song would one day become 
musical theater, they would think you 
the lovechild of Richard Nixon and 
Lawrence Welk, and probably kick you 
out of their sit-in. Hilariou Iyenough, 
it is these same people, who are now 
fat and balding, that can't get enough 
of "The Times They Are A-Changin:' 
with it 100 ely organized mash-up 

of smooth, show-tune Dylan songs 
and high-energy Twyla Tharp dancing. 
The play itself is barely more than the 
mixture of these two elements, and the 
al ready minimal story is relegated to 
the background. Fortunately, Dylan's 
songs are almost universally genius 
(minus three prominent songs from 
Dylan's born-again Christian-era Slow 
Train Coming) and the choreography 
is nearly as energetic and expert as a 
circus freak-less Cirque de Soleil, so 
if the play is skimpy on plot, that isn't 
necessarily a terrible thing. 

The hard-to-follow story involves a 
traveling circus that doesn't travel, with 
typical Dylan ambiguity. The head 
of the travelin' band is ptain Arab 
(from "Bob Dylan's 115th Dream:' sus-
piciouslyabsent from the production), 
a limping womanizer played by Thom 
5esma, who chan nels the eerie elf-

l DYLAN, page 101 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 9 

The Graceful Ms. Moore Surprisingly 
Annoys in the Thrill-less 'Freedomland' 

By Adam Keleman 
STAFF WRITER 

Based on a true story (a fucking ridiculous one), "Freedomland" chronides the search for a mother's mi sing son amidst urmount-
ing racial ten ions within an wban community. 
In the town of Arm trang, people fight and bicker 
over the slighte t cruple, making it a rather 
unpleasant place to raise a family. When a white 
woman accu es a black man of stealing her child, 
racial tensions surface. 

Armstrong is just another black commu-
nity trying to survive, practically bubbling over 
in spite of itself. Lorenzo Council ( amuel L. 
Jackson) walks the streets with his head held 
high and his badge tucked beneath his dothing; 
he wants to be seen as another friend on the 
block, not a cop. Enter Brenda Martin (Julianne 
Moore), a white woman with a hrill voice who 
spouts proc1anlations of a black man kidnapping 
her soo. The report of this abduction qUickly 
spreads to the media, igniting a whirlwind of 
allegations and blame in the community. 

As Lorenzo questions Brenda's story, it 
becomes increasingly obvious that she may not 
be telling the truth, but she won't budge anyway. 
A missing persons group, led by Karen Collucci 
(Edie Falco), becomes interested in helping 
Brenda find her child, but a the truth is revealed 
- culminating in a jarringly unbelievable ending 
- the community of Armstrong may be the real 
victim in this case. 

First off, what happened to julianne Moore? 

Freedomland 

** Starring Juijanne Moore and Samuell. Jackson 
Ollected by Joe Roth 

Opens feb. 17 
Rated R 

COURTESY or WARNER BROS. 

1'ree-u in ilie Wmd: Julianne Moore plays a motlrer 
whose SlJn was kidnapped. Edie Falco helps her find him. 
This d assy lady has hit a downward spiral of duds; 
from the greatest of heights of her one-two Oscar 
punch with "Far From Heaven" and "The Hours," 
she has plunged into mediocrity - and hasn't 
come up for air since. It is a real shame too, see-
ing a she created one of the best characters of the 
1 990s, Amber Waves in "Boogie ight ." Here she 
is, though, flailing her arms about in typical Jodie 
Fa ter fashion - sec "Nell" and you'll understand 
her inspiration for Brenda Martul. Moore used to 
be the actress that could save a picture, and now 
in "Freedomland:' she is buried with it. 

jackson doesn't come out untarnished either: 
he uses that arne tireless cool he brings to each 
role, but his performances have become almost 
tiresome with their increasing lack of original-
ity. A black neighborhood cop aught between 
the community and a white woman's accusation 
seems like it would inspire a complex turn for an 

I fREEDOM, page 10 J 

. EXCLUSIVES 
recordin s: We Are Scientists 

ONE BEDROOMS FROM MID $200K 
TWO BEDROOMS FROM$399K 

VILLA VICENZA 
L A J U L •• " 

8895 CAMlNflO PI..AZA CENTRO 
SAN OIEGO. CAl..IfORNIA 92122 

lB.. 858. ... 10.1100 I "'1I.LCQnI 

U C 5 D GUARDIAN 

-------- --1 Voted BEST BRAZILIAN BIKINI WAXING In La JolI,,' lip & Bro\\ Wax 
$10 OFF 1 ilia $l\in ~are: 1 

1 Reg. $33 vallie. 
1 523 for lst visit of new clients 
1- - - - - - - - - -t 
1 I 
I I 
1 I 

3251 Holiday CI. UTC 1 I 
SI •. 203 4545 LaJoU.Villagc Dr. Q7 I 

LaJoU., CA 92037 San Diego, CA 92 122 1 Reg. $45 value. I www.brazlliasklncare.com 1 
\\,ll1,-in Client-. \ \ 'l'ICOI11L' HGH)b~S-1HU2 1 535for lst visit of new clients I 

----------

r---------------- - -----------~ 3~ , ~ FlalDe BrOiler ~ 
Always Good •• .Always Guaranteed! 

Chicken Bowl 
a Medium Drink 

Not vallO with any other offer. With coupon only. 
Expires 3/ 16/ 06 

NO MSG • NO BONE • NO SKIN NO FRYING 

ILa Jolla Village Center (next to Rubio's) (858) 587-8989 
---------- - - - ---- - --- -- - -----~ 

NEXT GUARDIAN EDITION: TUESDAY, FEB. 21st 

ONE· BEDROOMS FROM HICH $200K 
lWO BEDROOMS FROM $380K 

VERANO~ 
LA JOLLA *-. 

7503 CHARMANT DRIVE 
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 92122 
lR. 858.-i 10, 1300 I ~ 



10 HIATUS 

'Times' Is Good for the Ears and the 
Eyes, But Not Much for the Mind 

• DYLAN, from page B 
confidence of Tim Curry and easily has 
the most fitting voice in the cast. His son 
Coyote (Michael Arden) is the show's lead, 
and apparently wants to quit his father's 
circus business. He forces his fiery youth-
ful rebellion into the form of Broadway 
belting, and soon falls in love with Arab's 
ex-mi tress and true love, the troupe's ani-
mal trainer, Cleo (Jenn ColeUa). At least, 
this is the template with which the audi-
ence is presented before the 9O-minute 
onslaught of dynamic dancing and Dylan 
begins. From here, it's up to each audience 
member to decide what happens, since 
there is no dialogue to assure any mutual 
understanding of the plot, only the music, 
lyrics and choreography. 

Tharp's choreography is continuaUy 
impressive, fie hing out more than a few 
memorable impressions of Dylan's urre-
alistic lyrics. Dr. Filth and his contortionist 
patients in "Desolation Row;' marijuana 
rides on tile moon in "Mr. Tambourine 
Man" and Arab facing his lonely death in 
"Not Dark Yet" and "Knockin' On Heaven's 
Door" perfectly combine the expert cho-
reography and lyrical content. However, 
during much of the performance, song 
and dance combine abraSively, with each 

distracting from the other. Dylan's songs 
seem arbitrarily chosen and are performed 
with a theatrical mock-passion, and the 
novelty of Tharp's dances attempting to 
wring the meaning out of each phrase 
becomes laughable (says the pelvic thrust 
when "she makes love ju t like a woman"). 

Most of the time, the seriousness and 
elegance of Dylan's poetry is lost in the 
attempt to create a song-and-dance show 
for baby boomers. There's no more plot 
than in a typical Dylan song; Tharp's 
impressive choreography is just something 
to occupy the eyes while a grab bag of 
music is performed onstage. For a play that 
features Dylan music, it seUs his existential 
inSights short, playing only for the senses, 
not the mind. 

"Times" is unabashedly aimed at the 
middle-aged - who once spent their night 
in front of a lava lamp and a bag of 
reefer, unraveling the mysteries of Blonde 
on Blonde, but now simply prefer to be 
entertained, and buy all the tickets for each 
hOwing. It adds nothing to the Dylan 

or Tharp legacy, in.stead coasting along 
the flats in the Cadillac of the pair's past 
triumphs. 

"The TImes They Are A-Changill"' plays 
through March 19 at the Old Globe TheatTe. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN · 

Samuel L. Plays 
One Bad Mofo In 

Blase 'Land' 
• FREEDOM, f rom page 9 
actor like Jackson, but sadly he rarely digs 
deep. When he does, his desperate moves are 
as ludicrous as Moore's. However, mustering 
just enough of a stone-faced look to seem 
like good acting, "Sopranos" star Edie Falco 
is the only one of the big names here that 
leaves the ftlm unharmed, as her scenes are 
the most poignant and captivating. 

Sad to say, the acting isn't the main det-
riment of "Freedomland." Richard's Price's 
script, adapted from his own novel, is 
quite muddled. Price stuffs the film with 
too many societal woes, so that one is 
eager just to be rid of aU of its dystopic 
leanings. In addition, the plot is blanketed 
with holes and tripe - and the ridiculous 
bombshell of an ending makes everything 
you've watched up to that pOint seem like a 
bleSSing in comparison. 

If you were expecting Ms. Moore to 
have learned a lesson with the whole lost 
child syndrome in "The Forgotten ," then 
you should pack your bags - and as the 
saying goes - get out of "Freedomland" 
while you have both limbs attached and 
brain intact. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 

Bill Shakepeare's Age-Old Questions Remain Unanswered 
• MEASURE, from page 8 
material, as is often the case with contempo-
rary Shakespeare productions that attempt 
to show the audience what the words mean. 
Much to our relief, this production uses the 
crotch grab sparingly (or updates the gags, as 
with the Renaissance Dildo that shows up in 
Act 1) and breezes along in engaging textual 
interpretation. 

There is something amiss, however, 
with the character of IsabeUa. Hardison, 
having played a sensual and empowered 
woman under West Hyler's past direction 
(Le. "Weight of Paper"), seems a good choice 

for the ch.aracter of IsabeUa, who must 
exude sensuality without trying to. However, 
Hardison's natural sultriness was stifled, and 
occasionally lost, under the burden of the 
role. It was as though in dosing off Isabella 
from any acknowledgment of sexual desire, 
she was cut off from a truthfully human 
performance. This in itself prompts ques-
tions about Shakespeare's invention of a 
virginal nun, who triggers a lust in men so 
strong it would tum Angelo to lechery and 
the Duke to a marriage proposal. Indeed, to 
answer the question of how to play IsabeUa 
one must answer how any woman can pos-

Moliere: 

. . ....... 
. , ., ~ 

" , -
.. ~ -,~ - -A4 ~, ~ ,,~ 

'....... '.' .-

sibly embody the age-old Madonna-whore 
complex. 

That is one question among many that 
is asked in "Measure for Measure," and it 
is one of many problems that Shakespeare 
presents but does not necessarily conclude. 
IntentionaUy or not, the Bard leaves it up 
to the audience to exercise our own minds 
and engage each other in dialogue about the 
nature of the society around us_ Perhaps it is 
this idea that Mr. Hyler had in mind. 

"Measure for Measure" plays through Feb. 
25 at MandeU Weiss Theatre. TIckets are $10 
for students. $15 for general admission. 

UC STUDENT REGENT 
APPLI CATIONS 

ARE DUE 
THURSDAY 
FEBRUARY 23rd 

IN THE 
CHANCELLOR'S 

OFFICE 
Mandell Weiss Forum eatre 

Fri. Feb. 17 at 8 PM, Sat. Feb. 18 at 8 PM 

BY 5:00pm 

Thurs. Feb . 23 at 8 PM, Fri . Feb. 24 at 8 PM 
Sat. Feb. 25 at 2 PM and 8 PM. 

$ 15 Gene ral AdmIssion • $12 UCSD Affiliate. $10 Student 
Box Offtce: 858.534.4574. http://theatre.ucad.edu 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

recoidingsQ-----------------------------
The Elected 
• Sun, Sun, Sun 
MATADOR 

** Chirping birds. Inspiratiol'!ally surging instru-mentals. A celestial harp plucking in the background. The Elected's opening number, 
"Clouds Parting (8:14 a.m.)" would have seemed 
like an idealistic, sunny woodland scene out of 
"Bambi" if the loveable fawn had been manic-
depressive and prone to drop a couple of f-bombs 
once in awhile. 

Much like every Disney movie of recent mem-
ory, Sun, Sun, SUIl is little more than a disappoint -
ing sequel; it has aU of the same loveable charac-
ters, the same basic formula , but none of the same 
memorable charm. 

Songs like "Old Times" and "Beautiful 
Rainbow': with far-too-slow melodies and weak 
vocals, play out a bit like accidentaUy napping 
through a weekend retreat on the beach . Where's 
the passion? Where's the grittiness? Where's the 
caffeine? 

Any real heartache is diluted by the album's 
breezy sounds and hopeful lyrics until every song 
blends into one bright nature soundtrack. In fact, 
the cover title reads like a warning label: Caution: 
too much sun, litt.le of anything else. 

- Quynh Nhu Nguyen 
STAFF WRITER 

. ........................... .. .......................................................... . 

J Dilla 
• Donuts 
STONES THROW 

**** On Feb. 10, hip-hop lost one of its mosttalent-ed artist in J Dilla , also known as Jay Dee. an MC far more recognized for his work as a 
producer. Only 32, Dilla died from complications 
from lupus, and was hospitalized for much of 
2005 with kidney problems. 

Dilla initially achieved fame as Slum Village's 
original in -house producer, but also produced 
for the likes of Common, A Tribe Called Quest 
and De La SouL Although Dilla never received 
the accolades of legendary producers like RZA 
or Dr. Ore, he was nevertheless one of the most 
gifted, consistent beatmakers in aU of hip-hop, 
and Donuts, a purely instrumental album, is a 
testament to his unique sampling ability. Jay Dee 
samples from a variety of genres: African drums 
on "People," funky horns on "Glazed" and dis-
torted electric guitar on "Anti-American Graffiti ." 
He is at his best, however, when incorporating 
soul samples into his beats. 

Soul sampling i nothing new in hip-hop 
- far from it - but Dilla i able to pay tribute to 

J DILL.A DONUT S 

, " 

/ 

~~.~ l -=. 
the sample without excessively altering the sound. 
This is particularly evident on "Don't Cry:' where 
the original song is played for 30 seconds before 
the drums are sped-up and chopped, while the 
vocal sample is kept at its original pace, aVOiding 
the chipmunk effect commonly heard with many 
new producers. 

Donuts is truly a remarkab le listening 
experience, and aside from a few exceptions 
- " tepson of the Clapper" sounds strangely 
si milar to his "Verbal Clap" off The Grind Date, 
and "Lightworks" and "The Factory" are a bit 
too wannabe Pre fuse 73- RJD2 - Dilla's mini -
mal manipulation and eclectic sampling show 
why he was your favorite producer's favorite 
producer. 

We will never know how this album would 
have been received had he lived, but we can only 
hope that his death will bring him more credit, 
because it's long overdue. 

- Adam Staley 
SENIOR STAFF WRI TER 

Caught up In the rage of 
Texas Hold'em? 
~;iad .~ ~~ 

Friday, February 24th 
5:00pm to 9:00pm 

Institute of the Americas (UCSD) 
$20 Admission Indudes: 
200 chips, 1 drink ticket, light appetizers 
1 opportunity drawing ticket 

Pizza slices from CPK - $2 
Wine and Beer • S3 

Soda and Water - $1 
Event sponsored by: 

A HARDI GRAS event to benefit 

VIEJAS 
l \ '-., I ~" u 

Tickets and Information: 
858-534-4637 

www.laJollasymphony.com 
Special thanks to: 

HIATUS 11 



12 ClASSIF1EDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

AFRICAN RITUAL& ART, Feb. 27, Malcolm 
X library, San Diego Market St. @ Euclid, 
6 PM. FREE! 858-48HI813. (2/16) 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$725.$1050 houn, 
c.IIJacki 

(858)565-2144 
Part-time evening clerical support. 
UCSD undergraduate students only. 
To apply see careers.ucsd.edu. Job/! 
588971. (2/21) 

Swim Instructors $ 11-17 per hour. San 
Diego 858-273-7946. North County 76(}-
744-7946. (3/16) 

SumIMfCounse101sWanted. Counselors 
needed for our student travel and pre-
college enrichment programs, middle 
school enrichment, and college admis-
sions prep. Applicants must be 21 
years old by June 20th and possess it 
valid driver's license. We need: Mature, 
Hardworking, Energetic individuals who 
can dedicate 4-7 weeks mentoring and 
supervising teens. To receive informa-
tion or apply, please visit our website: 
www.5ummerfun.com or 800-645-6611 
(2/16) 

Day Camps - San Fern.lndo / Conejo 
Va lleys. Counselors, lifeguards, Gym, 
Fishing, Canoeing, Horseback Riding, 
Music, Drama, More. $3000-$3600+ / 
summer. 888-784-CAMP. www.workat-
camp.com (2123) 

CAMP WAYNE FOR GIRLS - Children's 
sleepy-away cam p, Northeast 
Pennsylvania (6/17-8/13/06). If you love 
children and want a caring, fun environ-
ment we need Directors and Instructors 
for: Tennis, Swimming (W.S.I. pre-
ferred), Golf, Gymnastics, Cheerleading, 
Drama, High & Low Ropes, Team Sports, 
Waterskiing, Sail ing, Painting/Drawing, 
Ceramics, Silkscreen, Printmaking, Batik, 
Jewelry, Calligraphy, Photography, 
Sculpture, GUitar, Aerobics, Self-Defense, 
Video, Piano. Other staff: Administrative/ 
Driver (21 +), Nurses (RN's and Nursing 
Students), Bookkeeper, Mothers' Helper. 
On campus interviews February 25th. 

()~4t: 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~IAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classlfy. edit, delete offensive words and pharses. 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Guardian liable (or any claims resulting (rom the publication o( the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable (or any claim (rom an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser (or errors. In order to be corrected in the next 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $S per 20 words 
Faculty" Staff: $7.so per ZO worcb 

All others: $12 per 20 words 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corrj!spondlng deadline. Credit will only be $28.00 per column inch 
given (or the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds (or cancellations. Deadlines: 
........... d .If cornsponclenc • ...,. ..... 1119 Claulfleds to: Pub. Oat< Display Ads line Ads 
UCSD GINI,"'n, Attn: CI .. oIfIeds, 9500 61 ....... Drive 10'16, La Jolla, CA 'lot3. Mon. 4 pm MOM 1 wk 4 pm MOM 1 .1< 
ActlNllloutlon: StuclentC ... c.rA, Rooml17. '!bun. 4pmTH 1wk 4pmTH lwk 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifi eds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Call 1-800-279-3019 or apply online at Part·time nanny. Working couple seeks a healthy lifestyle. If ~ ha". a desire 
www.campwaynegirls.com (2120) a responsible, loving student to pick up to help an Infertile '-nAy and _ulcl 

Gymnastics instructors wanted - Solana 
Beach, elementary-aged children. Pays 
$8-14/hr., experience/productivity/per-
sonality matter. Hours available Mon.-
Thurs. afternoons, Sat. mornings. 858-
481 -4966 or www.trcgymnastlcs.com 
(4/20) 

Project Assistant Wanted. UCSD 
Cholesterol & Aging Research Group 
seeking an enthusiastic person to Join 
our team. 858-558-4950 x 203. (2116) 

Korean English Tutor wanted. 2-3 days a 
wI<. Rancho Penasqultos. Contact SO at 
R45892@motorola.com (2/16) 

MODEl SEARCH: Gorgeous women 
enter Ms. Trophy USA bikini competi· 
tion. Exposure, National ad and cam· 
paigns. Share in lOOk In cash, prizes, 
and modeling contracts. Auditions & 
Casting in La Jolla 10am-2pm Saturday 
Feb. 2S at Hotel Parisi www.hotelparisi. 
com (2116) 

Graphics Designer to Create Amazing 
Flash/Powerpoint presentations. Call 
31 0-601 -3134 emai l resume to: careero 
pps@trophyentertainment.com (2/16) 

Event Planners/Sales for Trophy 
Entertainment. Mansion, yacht, and 
toga parties, etc. PR or related experi· 
ence. Flexible scheduling. Excellent Pay. 
310-601 -3134 resumes to: careeropps@t 
rophyentertainment.com (2/16) 

Family near UCSD seeks student(s) to 
help with school pickup, after school 
activities and homework on Tuesday-
Thursday 4pm-8pm. Responsible, 
dependable, mature, w/excellent driv-
ing record. 619-994-9706 after 5pm. 
(2/16) 

our 4 year old daughter from preschool like more Information pluse contact 
2-3 afternoons per week, bring her to 
parks and friends' houses to play, and 
feed her dinner. Days flexible, hours 
somewhat flexible In the range of 3· 
lpm. Total of 5-15 hours per week. Pay 
commensurate with child care experi-
ence. Must have a car and cell phone. 
Must be very comfortable In a vegetar-
ian, alternative household. Del Mar. EJ. 
858-793-7394 (2116) 

FOR SALE 

Economics 2nd edition for all Econ 1, 2, 
3-$65-g00d condition. Email k lle@ucsd. 
edu or call 619-793-6988 (2/23) 

La Jolla Condominium. Gated 
Community. Great for students 15t pur-
chase or parents to buy for student. 
Financing Available. 800-761 ·3780 Ext. 
704, 24 hours a day for Free Recorded 
message. (2/16) 

WANTED 

Volunteers paid $30 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26; call 552-
8585 x 5590 (311 6) 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000·$ 15000 for qualified, 
responsible applicants. All ethnic back-
grounds welcome. Special Need for 
Jewish, Asian, an.d East Indian donors. 
Close personal support by experienced 
donor. Call Dawn @ 951-696-7466. Full 
info at www.fertilityalternatives.com 
(6/8) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED. $10,000 (PLUS 
ALL EXPENSES). We a,. saBln9 woman 
who a,. attractive, under the age of 29, 
SAT 1300+. physically and malntalnlnv 

us. Email Da~aperMctmatch.com. 
www.aperfKtmatch.com. 1-100-264-
IIZI (2116) 

SERVICES 

Tennis €!I Noon - USPTR Instructor will 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 
min. lesson any time between 11-2, M-
F. UC5D special: 1 or 2 players $20. Call 
619-787-5475 (3/16) 

American Idol training! VOice/piano les-
sons. Theatre/audition/performance 
preparation. Record your CD! Launch 
your career! $50/hr. Celeste, 858-467-
0776, www.celestecenter.com (2/16) 

LOST & FOUND 
Lost - Sony Digital Camera on Friday Feb. 
6,2006. Reward if found, contact Manar, 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 PanlS 
6 Info 
10 Brenner Pass location 
14 Fully in na mes 
15 Voked yaks 
1 6 Sop","n Te Kanawa 
17 Out of sight 
20 Sound or rushing air 
21 Woo wilh song 
22 Pel" 
24 Have a hero? 
25 Saturate 
28 Gyro bread 
30 Gold measures 
35 College common 
37 Setback 
39 Ephesus location 
40 Behind bars 
43 Perceptive 
H a""erl .. ( arm 
45 Vale 5IudonIs 
46 Burdened c .... 1ure 
48 lisl'<b outl 
50 Rock producer Brian 
51 "Canlerbury Tales" locale 
53 Enjoy 

www.fugreetings.com 55 u...ices 60 Vi'l!il's hero 64 l(M'eF than low 66 Seri"'""'8" anchors 
67 Crop of a bird 

~ Make A Statement! ~ Wear It. G,'tYOlil FREE FUT-StllriHrrr' . 
68 Town official, 01 yore 
69 _ Ic. Shelf 
70 Catapult 
71 Half and full neloons 

DOWN 
1 Olitchals 
2 Some 
3 Mi ... I.5hef1er 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 

909-286-5986. If necessary to keep cam-
era, please tum in the memory card to 
UCSD Lost and Found (no questions 
asked) because It contains very memo-
rable/Irreplaceable pictures. (2121) 

PERSONALS 

Congrats and open bar privileges for 
Joe, who emalled the correct answer to 
Monday's Movie Quote from ' Wedding 
Crashers: Take President's Day off and 
check In next Tuesday's Guardian for a 
new one. (2/16) 

(2/16) Howard Dean says Cheney should 
reSign if he ordered a leak that resulted 
in the public exposure of an undercover 
CIA officer. In response, Cheney invites 
Dean to go hunting with him. 

(218) A group of California high school 
students sued the state's superinten-
dent of education, claiming a new exam 
may unfairly deny them a diploma even 
when they meet all other graduation 
requirements. Suing for the right to be 
stupid. Welcome to America. 

From the Valentine's Files: PERTH, 
Australia - A woman stabbed her boy-
friend with a pair of scissors because he 
repeatedly played the Elvis Presley hit 
' Burning Love" on the King's birthday, 
police said Tuesday. 

HOLLYWOOD, CA - Hollywood not just 
out of ideas, it flat-out hates us: Affleck 
and Damon to remake ' Butch Cassidy & 
Sundance Kid' 

Willie Nelson's gay cowboy song was 
originally titled "Boy, He Really Stopped 
Loving Her Today.' (2/16) 

4 O:lncl usive evidence 
5 Oinches 
6 Homer Simpson exclamation 
7 Firefighters' tools 
6 Snicker 
9 Arctic jacket 
10 Related (to) 
11 Judy's daughter 
12 Stir into action 
13 _ qua non 
16 Elicit gasps 
19 Keep 
23 Bar seat 
25 Nestling pigeon 
26 Whiskey measure 
27 '"The Taming 01 the Shrew " ci ty 
29 Four-i n-hand alterna tive 
31 Went by horseback 
32 Twisted joint? 
33 Connect 
34 Authorization 
36 Some NVPO penonneI 
38 Nonic IDI5t 
41 Eyellnl,. 
42 W., from Rome 10 Brindisi 
47 Tattlelole 
49 IIouBh draft 
52 Joeket type 
54 Jal1Ullry in Jua_ 
55 RMio enthuoia5I 
56 Nevado city 
57 Sentl!nce I!XtI!nders 
58 HWMndioch 

59~ 
61 o.a.,...wtmor Jami ... 
62 Mimnd 
63 Oceen JIUIIII!II' .Ilbr. 
65 Noc1urnoI nopIor 

s.., SOlUTIONS on pelfi' 15 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

Professor Brings Legitimacy to Sports History 
• PROFESSOR, from page 16 
dents on a journey through sports 
history, with stops along the way to 
investigate the social situations lead-
ing into and following major sporting 
d evelopments. 

"It's a different course because 
it's a topical course," Edelman said. 
"There's a kind of chronological basis, 
but it's not through each decade like 
a typical survey course would be. 
That's just because if you're writing 
a textbook about the history of the 
world, you can't really just go chrono-
logically, you have to organize it topi-
cally as well, otherwise your history 
would say, 'And then these five things 
happen' .. . without describing the 
context." 

Edelman's description of the his-
tory of sport does have a context, and 
goes into detail about it once class 
starts. 

"In teaching [the class). what I'm 
trying to do is take all the things 
that you study in terms of categories 
that are important in history, like 
race. class. gender, ethnicity [and) 
sexual tendency, and, one, apply 
them to sport, and, two, see what 
sport can actually tell us about these 
categories," he said. "It's a good labo-
ratory for looking at a lot of these 
things." 

Edelman's perspective is one of 

the sports scholar, a profession that's 
emerging as a legitimate field after 
years of disrespect. 

"The topiC was seen as academi -
cally marginal and not fully scholarly 
respectable for years and years," he 
said. "If I had suggested 20 years 
ago to do a course in this, I wouldn't 
have been allowed to do it. Now, 
I'm encouraged to do it and my col-
leagues think its grand and I'm happy 
to do it:' 

Edelman never heard encourage· 
ment when he was researching sports 
history years ago. Instead, he faced 
years of setbacks and insults. 

"If you're a historian of sport, the 
historians don't respect you because 
you're dealing with this topiC that's 
about popular culture and - God 
forbid - you should study some-
thing that's fun; Edelman said. "And 
then sports people don't trust you 
because they don't understand why 
we ask questions like 'Do you think 
this proves the Marxist critique of 
capitalist sport by the fact that you 
signed this contract?-

Today, however, Edelman has 
earned the trust and respect of ath-
letes and historians alike. His thor· 
ough research and in -depth analysis 
of such issues as the Olympics and 
Russian soccer have vaulted him to 
the forefront of his field. 

According to Edelman , th e 
Olympics can tell society a lot about 
sport and its social implications. 

"The Olympics are basica lly a 
reaction to the rise of professional 
sport;' he said. "The word 'ama-
leur' actually doesn't exist in the 
sporting lexicon until after profes-
sional sport emerges. Basically, it's 
an elite reaction to all these working 
people getting drunk and carrying 
on at soccer games and to the ath-
1etes becoming increasingly work-
ing class. And the way you keep the 
sport for social elites is you make it 
amateur, because you can't make a 
living out of it and you are forced 
back to the coal mine." 

For those that think the course 
is all class analysis with no room for 
~, think again. Edelman is planning 
activities relating to sports in order to 
keep students entertained. 

"One of the things we' ll do this 
year, if there's a big Champions 
League game, is we'll go to Round 
Table and bring 50 people to watch 
the game;' Edelman said. 

Whether it's rowdy soccer mobs in 
the middle of Round Table or the dis-
section of soccer's effects on Europe 
and the world. Edelman's course 
could be the perfect fit for students 
looking for an interesting class out-
side of their regular field of study. 

Tritons Start Homestand With Win 

KUNAlS UKHIJAIG UARDIAN 

Sophomore forward Alexis Mezetta dribbles the boll around the Col State Son Bernardino defender in the No. 24 Tritons' 96-68 win over 
the Coyotes on Feb. IS. UCSD's 17th win of the year tied a program high for victories in Division II, while sophomore forward Briana 
Hinga set the UCSD single-season recordfor bloclcs with 37 for the year, passing Lisa Beaver who had 36 in the 199J-92 season . 

And study abroad means 
the University Studies Abroad 

Consortium where you can choose from 25 
countries. Come soak up the vibrant culture and be 

transformed by the experience. We offer personalized 
attention from start to finish. 

• Summer, semester and yearlong programs 
• Wide range of academic courses taught in English 

• Internships • Language courses at all levels 
• Field trips and tours • Small classes 

• University credit • Scholarships • Housing 

A USAC representative may be coming to campus. 
Visit ulIC.unr.tdu for exact dates and locations. 

UN' VnllTY U§~c~ STUDI ES 
A •• OAD 
CONIO.Tl ll '" . 

~Y~i.~tJ!!U 

SPORTS 13 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

spring break, study abroad & more 
Sample roundtrip Student Alrf.lres from San Diego to : 

San Francisco $124 
Denver $161 

Maui, Kahului$30S 

Paris $391 
Amsterdam $432 

Sao Paolo $727 
Visit Stud.ntUnlv ...... com for cheap student alrfar'es 

on major airlines to 1,000 destinations across the US 
and around the world . 

This SAT. IV " club 
FEB. 18th L\J5 que 

" """ Slturday' No cover w/valid 10 
Hosted by OJ Underground AKA Mr. Re-Up 

.'n Hlp 1Itp, New WIMI, Old School, Roton, TeeIIno 
$3 wells, $4 Skyy Vodka, sponsor giveaways & more 

BEAUX GENS 
BY ANTONELLA 

Now MOVED INSIDE Beauty Kliniek 

OFFERING THE SAME SPECIAL PRICES IN : 

H8ircut, Hlghllihta, Color, Up-do II 'erm 
for UCSD students, tuclle,. a staff 

3268 GOVERNOR DR. SAN DIEGO 92122 858-45306212 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus? 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo for You! 
WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the nflt money to fXIY for the mortgage ... 
• You live In the condo for FREE, and ... 
' .. . your ptlrents can writ, off th, Int,rest on the mortgagel 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Finestrealtor@hotmail.com ' 'II''II''II'.cbcalifornia.com/ tobin 

• DEL-
'. MAR 

------- - - ., {~ HI- !UC501 
MATSUGAWA 1 

------------------1 15% DISCOUNT 
with student 10. Discounts on a ll 
sushi rolls and lunch combos 

50% DISCOUNT on 
LIllIch ""'_, Mon,""'. 

1 
1 

I Come and enjoy the sunset at the Matsugawa/ 

• 

1101 Camino Del Mar, Del Mar, CA 92014 
....72001140 1 

-----------~ 



14 

.. 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN ,THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 

The Early ChilJl.ooJE du cation Center 

providee childcare for c11.iJd.ren ·o{ 
full.time UCSD students, faculty and staff. 

Check out the Center while classes are in session. 

Where:Mesa Married and Graduate 
Student Housing, 
9224 Regents Road 

When: Friday, Feh·ruary 17 from 3·5 p.m. 

For more information a bout BeEC, 
visi t 1Iil1.k.ucsd.edu/ gol ecec 

Go Abroad with UC Irvine 
2006 Travel Study Program! 

travel. study. live. 

Earn UC credit. No hassle transferring credit from abroad. 
FULFILL academic requirements! 

o abroad for that 
once-in-a-lifetime 

experience! Open to 
students from 
all colleges, 

including 
freshmen and 

graduating 
All courses are 
taught in English. 

Plan ahead, get ahead, and graduate sooner. 

Go somewhere this summer. Enroll today! 

summer.ud.edu/travelstudy 
trIIVeI.s~.eclu 

UCIrvine 
SUMMER SESSION 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

Tritons Lose Early Lead to Dominguez Hills 
• WALk-OfF, from page 16 
then on; Morehead said. 

However, the Toros bounced back 
with a three-run sixth inning to take 
their first lead of the game, 6-5. 

The Tritons went down quietly 
in their half of the seventh inning 
before allowing another Cal State 
Dominguez Hills run in the bot-
tom half. The Taros' senior infielder 
Kyle Stanley drew a walk and then 
advanced to third base on an errant 
throw following a bunt single by 
junior rightfielder Mateo Marquez. 
That set up Conde for a sacrifice bunt 
back to the pitcher. scoring Stanley 
and putting the Taros up 7-5. 

After forfeiting a large lead. the 
Tritons tried to recapture an advan-
tage with a rally in the eight inning, 
starti ng with Lawson's one-out dou-
ble to right field . After Morehead 
failed to bring him home with a 
fly out, Clement singled down the 
right-field line to pick up his fourth 
RBI of the game and put the Tritons 
within one going into the top of the 
njnth. 

Before the Tritons could think 
about a comeback, they had to hold 
Cal State Domingue7. Hills at bay 
in the bottom of the eighth inning. 
Junior right-hander Mjchael Kearney 
came in to relieve senior right-hand-
er Ryan Leake and set the Toros 
down in order with three-straight 
fly outs. 

The momentum from the strong 
relief work put in by Kearney some-
how carried over to the ninth inning. 
as the Tritons put together a one-out, 
bases-loaded situation for Gomez 
after two walks and an infield Single. 
Gomez could only muster a ground 
ball to second, but it was enough 
to give junior John Roth the time 
to cross the plate and tie the game 
at seven apiece. Roth was only in 
the game because of a smart move 
by O'Brien, who used the junior as 
a pinch runner for freshman Matt 

Cantele. 
Suddenly knotted up after back-

and-forth lead changes. the game 
looked headed for extra innings after 
O'Brien put the game in the hands 
of Decker. who promptly retired the 
first two Toro batters. However, the 
young reliever surrendered a home 
run to deep center field to the Toros' 
neJCt batter, Stanley. and ended the 
rollercoaster ride with a final score 
of8-7. 

The home run came on a 2-1 

deserve to be 
number one because I 
know wf!re a lot better 
than both [Chico and 
Sonoma] ... We let our 
game speak for itself.' 

- David Morehead, Junior 
Catcher 

changeup, a pitch that Decker calls 
his best. 

"When I threw it, I thought it was 
a good pitch - down and away where 
I like it," Decker sajd. "Changeups are 
my best pitch to left-handed batters 
because they sail away from them. 
But [Stanley) made the adjustment 
and put a good hit on the ball." 

Morehead, who by the ninth 
innIDg was moved from first base 
to the catcher pOSition, agreed that 
Decker's pitch selection was perfect 
and admitted that he called for the 
pitch. 

"I definitely wanted the changeup 
in that situation," Morehead sajd. 
"The pitch before, [Stanley] fouled 
it off because he was too early. So, 
we wanted to throw another pitch to 
mess up his timing. Decker threw an 

awesome pitch and the guy just got a 
great barrel hit." 

Now with two losses on the young 
season, the Tritons must play bet-
ter ball in their upcoming games 
to mirror the success they had last 
year when they won the California 
Collegiate Athletic Association title. 
The Tritons, despite being defending 
champions, are not favored to win it 
all this year, with a younger team and 
tougher competition. 

Headlining the tougher compe-
tition in the league is Chico State 
and Sonoma State, picked to finish 
first and second, respectively, in a 
preseason coaches' poll. The Tritons 
were placed in third , which irks 
Morehead. 

"We deserve to be number one 
because I know we're a lot better 
than both [Chico and Sonoma]." 
Morehead said. "There's a lot of 
things that go into the preseason 
polls that skews it against teams like 
ours." 

Despite his feelings, Morehead 
does not plan on spending too much 
time worrying about polls. 

"We let our game speak for itself," 
he said. 

The Tritons neJCt chance to let 
their game speak volumes comes 
when they travel to Pomona for a 
doubleheader against Cal Poly 
Pomona on Feb. 18. 

CrosswordSOLUTIONS 
S010H 11t1nHl ssol:I 
1:1311:10 MVI:IO SON3 
.ldr13 .lNO:)H .l't'3N3 8 
~'t'~' NNVI:IO 3>111 NNI 
ON3 S7Vl S.lSV38 

IS I 1 3.d 00 1 . 3 1 n 0 '\I 
A 3 )I a Nil )I :) o , 1:1 3 0 N n 

IIINOID'. Sll1l:1'\1)4 V.l.J.d dOS 
.1.'\13 sl:In:l 

3 0 II N 3 1:1 3 S. H S 00 M S 
NOZ'jOH3HiM0138 
Itll)4 N3XO 31:11:1'\1 
Sdl11 1I1VO SdS't'~ 

Don't miss out on this opportunity to talk to 
employers from dozens of companies who want 

to recruit you! Come check it out on: 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 2006 
10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. 

Price Center a.1I,rooms A • B 

ENGINEERS WEEK EVENTS leading up to DECaF: 

~ 
-.--_ .... -

~.II .... ~!) 
communications 

o~ 
Solaf Turbines 
A_c..,., 

• 
DCI·FNG IN EERS. 

~ At.4 Al<.1 ,-u..:" .. a,,,,Jotu ltole. 

Tuesd.y 2/21: 
• 12-1 pm Job S,arch & 'nrtrvitwing 
SIc/lis Woriuhop- Price Center Gallery B 
*1-3pm Gama&BBO - Warren -
MalilEngineering Courtyard 
• S-6pm N~"'ing Skills Worlahop-
Price Center SB/LA Rm 
• 7-8pm Industry SpeaktrTBD, Price 
Center Gallery A 

Wednesda, 2/22: 
* 11 am-1 pm Engineering Student Or9 
Fair on Library Walk 
* 3-Spm Grad Student Pa",' - Price 
Center SF/SC room 

Thursd., 2/23: 
• 11 am-1 pm TES( BBO on Library Walk 
* 6pm-8pm (arMIS in EnginHring: 
Ford Representative Speaker, CSE 
(EBUIII) 1202 

For more informatIon, go to : http.llwww.ucsd tesc.orgldecof/ 

TONIGHTIII 111 
vs. 

#I ByU 
7PM 00 RIMAe ARENA 

5:3[]PM 67:30PM 
00 RIMAe ARENA 

vs. 
CAL STATE 

MONTEREY BAY 
FR~E for UCSD STUD~NTS!!! FREE MAGNETS!!! 



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael En/een 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2006 

HOT CORNER 

Briana Hinga 
Women's Basketball 

Hinga's twO blocks in the Tritons' 
96-68 win over CSUSB on Feb. 15 

gave her 37 for the year, a new 
UCSD record 

UCSD Football Program: A 
Matter of Dollars and Sense Walk-Off Homer Dooms Tritons 
Bringing the gridiron 
back to UCSD could 
cost as little as $19 a 
quarter and end the 
Tritons' winless streak. 

A bout this time a year ago, I was browsing the UCSD Bookstore clothing section and bought 
a T- hirt emblazoned with: "UCSD 
Football - Still Undefeated:' Although 
the hirt was comfortable and very 
slimming, I attempted to return the 
shirt for a fuJi cash refund upon hear-
ing the news that we did have a football 
team and even when we did, we were 
not undefeated. 

According to the UCSD Football 
Web site (www.gotritons.com). this 

structed. Equipment such as sleds, goal 
posts, pads, helmets, etc., would also 
need to be purchased. It could cost $1 
million annually to run the team. The 
largest expenses would be coaching 
salaries and travel:' 

The site also says that we could 
minimize costs by playing seven 
games, the minimum number required 
by Division-II teams, and "playing all 
other games against local opponents:' 

Even with the minimum number of 
games, $1 million is a lot to ask from 
an athletics department that constantly 
fights off debt. The team would also 
need a field and RlMAC is out of the 
question due to the soccer teanl's pri-
ority. Another roadblock i Title LX, 
which mandates UCSD to add three 
new women's teams if a football team is 
born. Another option is eliminating a 

men's team, but no beautiful campus 
of ours once did 
hou e the glory 
of the gridiron in 
1968. The Web 
site claims that we 
played six games 
in '68 and posted a 
proud record of 0-

The Sports 
Retort 

one wants to make 
a sacrifice. 

According to 
the Web site, if 
students agreed to 
a $19-per-quar-
ler fee increase, it 
would cover the 

6. If this informatio is true, then these 
T-shirts are not and I feel embarrassed 
to have worn one. 

The shirt shames me because I do 
not want to advertise lie or endorse a 
team that went wi.nJess in one measly 
eason of action. And it's not like the 

Tritons of '68 were facing University 
of outhern California, like our valiant 
volleyball team does year in and year 
out with the same winless results as 
the football team. Instead, our oppo-
nents were Loyola University, Nevada 
Southern University, Cal Western 
University, University of La Verne, St. 
Mary's University and the California 
Institute of Technology .. 

evada Southern actually became 
the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, 
a current Division-I football loser, and 
La Verne still boasts a Division-III 
quad, but Cal Tech was one of the 

worst programs in the nation when we 
lost to their Beavers in that one fateful 
season. Cal Tech had not won a game 
in four years, but we let them slip away 
with a 34-3 1 win in our last game. 

The likelihood and cost of a UCSD 
football program is detailed on the 
Web site: "The costs associated with 
starting a team could vary depend-
ing on what facilities need to be con-

entire cost of the team as well as the 
additional cost of adding three new 
women's teams. This way, if we as 
students agreed to this $57-per-year 
increase, we could see a new stadium, 
a new sport and a new enthusiasm for 
athletic on this campus. I think that 
is a small price to pay con idering the 
cost of textbooks, coffee or the $50 it 
costs to see one game of professional 
football. 

If you agree and would be willing 
to pay the $57 to see a football team 
or would like to voice your disap-
proval, vote on the Guardian Web poll 
next week to send a message to the 
athletics department. Although it may 
seem unlikely, in the 1990s, proposed 
funding for a football team was put to 
a student vote; however, the students 
at the time were stingy, pigskin haters 
and they voted no. A $25 increase in 
athletic fees was approved in 2002, but, 
the money went to other areas of need 
and not toward the football dream. 
Now, with the Governator-proposed 
freeze in tuition hikes, another $50 
is nothing, and I think students can 
afford to pay for something that would 
bring publicity to the school, fill stu-
dents with spirit and end our current 
winless streak. 

U CSD ties the game 
in the top of the 
ninth inning only to 
see the Toros win in 
the bottom half on a 
solo home run. 

By Rael Enlun 
SPORTS EDITOR 

In the game of baseball, there is 
nothing more heartbreaking than a 
walk-off home run. Even the best 
of pitchers give them up and the 
best of teams lose on them, and on 
Feb. 14, freshman pitcher Trevor 
Decker gave one up and the Tritons 
lost on one to Cal State Dominguez 
Hills. 

The UCSD baseball.team got 
no Valentine's Day love on the 
road from the vengeful Toros, who 
negated a ninth-inning tie by the 
Tritons with a two-out, bottom-
of-the-ninth walk-off home run to 
win the early season, nonconfer-
ence game 8-7. 

The Tritons (3-2), coming off 
two-straight wins over the Toros 
(2-5) and Cal State San Bernardino, 
took an early lead with a four-run 
first inning off sophomore catcher 
Scott Clement's three-run horne 
run. Clement, who by the game's 
end had two hits, a run and four 
RBis, drove in senior rightfielder 
David Gomez, who singled to left 
field , and senior designated hitter 
Matt Lawson, who singled up the 
middle. The early offensive explo-
sion continued after the round-
tripper, with senior centerfielder 
Damian Fante driving a deep ball 
down the left-field line for back-to-
back Triton homers and a 4-0 lead. 

Both Cal State Dominguez Hills 
and UCSD went scoreless in the 
bottom of the first inning and the 
top of the second inning, respec-
tively. Finally, the Toros got on the 
scoreboard with a run in their half 
of the second inning, scoring one 
run on an RBI groundout by sopho-
more catcher Martin Conde. The 
third inning saw two hits each by 
both teams, but neither team could 
translate the hits into runs and the 
Tritons retained their 4-1 lead going 
into the fourth inning. 

After the Toros' junior pitcher 
Gus Hernandez mowed down three-
straight Tritons in the top of the 

GREG DlIlE/GUIIRDIIIN FILE 
Junior infielder Jonathan Erickson and the 1Mtons took a 4-0 lead against Cal State 
Dominguez Hills on Feb. 14. but later lost it and eventually the game on a walk-{lffhome ron. 

fourth, Cal State Dominguez Hills 
started eating away at UCSD's lead 
again on senior third baseman Kyle 
Stanley's solo home run to right-
center field that put the Toros within 
two. 

Hernandez worked his second-
straight one-two-three inning in the 
top of the fifth, giving the Toros 
another chance to slim the Tritons' 
lead. They did just that in the bot-
tom half of the inning, with senior 
centerfielder Isidro Perez starting a 
two-out rally with a triple down the 
right-field line. The Tritons almost 
got out of the inning unscathed, but 
freshman second baseman Garret 
Imeson's error allowed Perez to 
score and the inning to continue. 
The next batter, sophomore desig-

nated hitter Matthew Hopps, singled 
to left field, forcing UCSD head 
coach Dan O'Brien to pull fatigued 
senior starting pitcher T.e. Geach. 
O'Brien called on trusty senior Todd 
Gimenez, the opening-day starter, 
who promptly retired the next Toro 
batter to end the inning with UCSD's 
lead intact at 4-3. 

The Tritons added what looked 
to be an insurance run in the 
sixtll inning when Lawson scored 
on junior first baseman David 
Morehead's RBI double to left. 

Morehead said that with his RBI 
hit, he felt that UCSD was in con-
trol of the game. 

"I felt the game was ours from 

[ WALK-OFF, page 15] 

Professor Earns New Respect for Emerging Field With Sports History Course 

GREG OAlE/GUIIRDIIIN 
History professor Robert Edelman's 'Sport in the Modern World" course gilltS students a detailed 100II: at twrything from soem' and 
rugby to baseball while explaining the ongoing social phenomenom that is modmt sport. Just don't bank on an easy ";4. ' 

Edelman's class gives 
students the chance 
to research the 
cultural effects of 
their favorite sports. 

By Rat:l Enteen 
SPORTS EDITOR 

As scheduling begins for spring 
quarter, with students frantically 
searching for good classes and good 
teachers, there is a fascinating class 
with a unique professor being offered 
for the flfst time this year. 

The class is in the European histo-
ry department and is called "Sport in 
the Modern World.» Professor Robert 
Edelman, a 30-year veteran at UCSD 
and one of the campus' most interest-
ing characters, teaches it. 

Edelman is a perfect fit to run 
the class, witll years of experience 
in sports journalism, sports histo-
ry, scholarship and other areas. He 
is especially knowledgeable about 
Russian culture and society and, 
tIlerefore, uses a lot of the time in his 
class to focus on Russian sports. 

But he devotes time to other sub-

jects as well. However, one thing 
Edelman wants to make clear is tIlat 
tile class is not a breeze, nor is it a 
sports stats contest. 

"I think the problem is tIlat a lot 
of people take the course thinking it's 
going to be 'SportsCenter' or sports 
trivia or something that will be easy; 
Edelman said. -The first thing we do 
is spend time on defmitions of cul-
tural theory and social theory." 

If cultural theory in sport does 
not sound interesting, do not take 
tHis class. Edelman will not ask stu-
dents about how many home runs 
Mark McGwire hit in 1998, but he 
will ask the cultural effect a soc-
cer match can have on the countries 
involved. In total, the class focuses 
only one week on so-called American 
sports, so soccer, which follows the 
American period, is tile main topic. 

"[The class) is not too much about 
America because I figure Americans 
will know their own sports well," 
Edelman said. "Its basically the 19th 
and 20th centuries because that's 
when the British developed modern 
sport and that'. where) start.-

From there, Edelman leads 1tU-

[ PROfESSOR, pip 13] 


