
DOES FREEDOM OF SPEEa-f STOP AT MOHAMMED? ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

A.S. Council Mulls the 
Introduction of New Fees 
Senators consider two 
options that would 
increase quarterly 
activity fees for all 
undergraduates. 

By Matt L'HeurfUX 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

The A.S. Council is in the process 
allow students to decide if they want to 
to increase their quarterly activity fee 
by as much as $8. 

Led by A.S. President Christopher 
Sweeten, the council is considering a 
potential fee referendum that would 
raise council funding mainly for the 
A.S. Programming office. In order for 
a referendum to be put onto the ballot, 
it must first be passed by two-thirds 
of the voting A.S. senators or request-

ed by a petition from 10 percent of 
the undergraduate student body. It 
must then be approved by univer-
sity administrators, including acting 
Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student 
Life Gary R. Ratcliff, Vice ChanceUor 
of Student Affairs Joseph W Watson 
and Chancellor Mary Anne Fox. 

Of the two potential referenda dis-
cussed by the council, the first would 
allocate $8 per quarter from each 
student specifically for A.S. program-
ming, which sponsors annual concerts 
such as Sun God and WinterFest. The 
second proposal would entail a $3.50 
per quarter increase that would be 
specifically rese.rved for the Student 
Initiated Outreach and Recruitment 
Commission, a body that pays for pro-
grams targeting disadvantaged high 
school students. 

[ PROGRAMMING, page 3] 

WONG/GUM/DIAN 
A.s. Commission~ofProgramming Eric Morris and his staff work imide in the programming 
ojJiC£. The A~. Council is considering raising student foes to fund the events. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

RDI 
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

MEDICAL ' 
DIRECTOR 
BOOTED 

UCSD surgeon linked 
to problems at UC 
Irvine Med Center 
that led to more than 
30 deaths. 

By Matthew McArdle 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

The director of UCSD Medical 
Center's abdominal-transplant pro-
gram has been removed from his po i-
tion over allegations that he mi led 
investigators in connection with the 
closure of UC Irvine Medical Center's 
liver-transplant program. 

According to a written statement 
provided by the ho pital, transplant 
surgeon Marquis Hart "was found to 
have participated" in providing inac-

[ HOSPITAL, page 3 J 

C~ngressional Cuts Put Pressure on Students 
House sends Bush 
bill that would slash 
billions in financial 
aid money over the 
next five years. 

By Erilla Cervantes 
STAFF WRITER 

While many congressional 
Republicans are touting the final 
passage of the federal budget as 
fiscally responsible, including a 
$12 billion cut of federal student 
loans, opponents are emphasizing 
the reality for students: Most wiU 
lose mon"ry. 

In a narrow 216-214 vote, the 
U.S. House of Representatives 
finalized the legislation on Feb. 1, 
sending it to the desk of President 
George W. Bush, who is expected 
to sign it. Members of Con.gress 
passed the bill in hopes of reduc-
ing the federal deficit by $50 bil-
lion. 

"The [legislation) represents an 
important first step in address-
ing the federal government's fiscal 
troubles," stated John Boehner (R-
Ohio), the former Education and 
Workforce Committee chairman 
and new House majority leader, 
in a press release. "Our ability to 
generate new job opportunities, 
provide for a strong defense and 
meet unforeseen fiscal challenges 
will be severely compromised if 
we don't address the fundamental 
problem of runaway entitlement 
spending." 

The plan will raise interest rates 
for student loans. Parent PLUS 
loans, currently at 6.1 percent, will 

increase to an 8.5 percent flXed 
interest rate. Stafford loans will 
have a 6.8 percent flXed interest 
rate starting in July, a jump from 
the current 4.7 percent in-school 
rate and 5.3 percent out-of-school 
rate. 

Despite the increases, fixed rates 
will protect student loans during 
future rate hikes, according to U.S. 
Student Association Legislative 
Director Jasmine L. Harris. 

In addition, the bill includes 
money for targeted aid first pro-
posed by Bush, introducing spe-
cial Pell Grants in the form of 
"Academic Competitiveness 

Grants" for · low-income students 
who take "rigorous" high school 
classes and "Smart Grants" for 
low-income students who major 
in certain disciplines. 

How these provisions will affect 
students is uncertain, according 
to UCSD Financial Aid Director 

Vincent De Anda. 
"While these. [grants] sound 

good in theory, the funding seems 
woefully inadequate and it is my 
estimation that the amount of 
these grants won't reach anywhere 
near the published maximums," De 
Anda said. "We're not sure, as 'rig-
orous' has not yet been defined. I'm 
of the opinion that every student at 
a UC has taken a rigorous [course-
load) ." 

The bill's supporters also high -
lighted other student benefits 
included in the bill , such as the 
$3.7 billion allocated to pay for 
"merit" Pell Grants for upper-
classmen majoring in certain sub-
jects. 

"The measure provides key 
student benefits, including lower 
loan fees, higher loan limits and 
expanded grant aid to low-income 
high achieving students and par-
ticularly those students studying 
key subjects including math, sci-
ence and critical foreign languag-
es:' Boehner stated. "These reforms 
will increase financial aid opportu-
nities for the millions of students 
who attend college each year with 
the help of the federal student loan 
programs." 

College lobbyists, rncluding 
the USSA and State Public Interest 
Research Groups, said that the 
legislation's provisions are too con-
fined to actually save money for 
most students. 

"Last week, in his State of the 
Union speech ,. President Bush 
talked a lot about 'global com-
petitiveness,'" State PfRGs 
Higher Education Associate Luke 

[ CUTS, page 2 ] 

Currents .......... ........................... 2 
New Business ............................ 3 
Editorials ...... ...... ... ........ ............ .. 4 

Feb. 9 Feb. 10 
H 74 L 47 H 76 L 48 

Thur 'day Coupons ................... 8 
Classifieds ................................ 1 0 
Crossword .. .............................. 10 Feb. II Feb. 12 H 73 L47 H 73L 47 



2NEW 

UNDECLARED 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

and didn't you have a midterm 
today? How did that go? 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9,2006 

By IULEY SA!ANT-PfARCE 

CURRENTS ------'-- Student Groups Miffed 
Over Approved Cuts Arts Major Ranks Steadily Increasing 

According to data compiled by 
the Art and Science Group, there 
was a 44-percent increase between 
1996 and 2005 in the number of 
high school seniors who said that 
they planned to major in a visual 
or performing art. 

With this increased inter-
est, plus the students who want 
to study but not major in the 
arts, some administrators say that 
they're feeling a lot more bur-
den when it comes to promot-
ing artistic creatiVity, according to 
Shirley M. Tilghman, the preSident 
of Princeton University. Along with 
Princeton, many universities have 
been offering more art programs in 
an effort to keep up with student 
interest. 

While students continue to 
demonstrate an affinity for the 
arts, other majors have showed 
a decline in interest, with the 
ASG findings also indicating that 
the percentage of students who 
planned to major in social sci-
ences and history decreased in the 
same time period by 15 percent. 

1- Breastfed Babies 
Breathe Better 

Babies who are breastfed for a 
full six months are far less likely 

to develop respiratory ai lments 
than babies who nurse fully for 
only four months, according to the 
results of a new UC Davis study. 

The study revealed that infants 
who breastfeed for six months are 
four times less likely to contract 
pneumonia, half as likely to expe-
rience recurrent ear infections and 
are also less prone to contracting 
gastrointestinal infections. 

• CUTS, from page 1 
Swarthout said. "Global competi-
tiveness is more than just educat-
ing a small amount of students in 
math and science. . .. We need to 
be making college more afford-
able. Ultimately, all students lose 

other sources, such as Cal Grants, 
as well as off-campus and nation-
al scholarships to help subsidize 
their education, according to De 
Anda. 

"I think it is a disgrace that low-

Published in the February issue 
of medical journal Pediatrics, the 
results add to a bevy of research 
supporti ng the American Academy 
of Pediatrics' recommendation that 
breastfeeding should be the exclu-
sive method of feeding children 
under six months of age. 

out as they take 
the bulk of the 
cuts." 

Part of the 
USSA's and 
PIRGs' frustra-
tion with the bill 
is that, although 
student-loan pro-
grams make up 
only a fraction of 
a percent of the 
annual federal 
budget, approxi-
mately 30 per-
cent of the nearly 
$40 billion in 
cuts in the newly 
approved budget 
bill is coming 

income students bore the brunt 
of these cuts, 
while Congress 

of investing 
in higher education •.. 

is considering a 
bill cutting taxes 
for the rich that 
will increase the 
budget deficit; 
De Anda said. 

.. ~~---.... --
, ';'''' " • eX • 
.................. 

.... 

Ceremony Marks 
Black History Month 

Dances, poetry, speeches and 
songs marked the beginning of 
UCSO's observation of Black History 
Month in an hour-long program 
held in Price Center last week. 

Students sang the black nation-
a l anthem and a stomping team 
from San Diego's Fulton Elementary 
School performed for the audience. 
UCSD's Black History Month cal-
endar includes an appearance by 
civil rights activist Angela Davis, an 
exhibit about entertainer Josephine 
Baker and a scholarship brunch 
featuring actress Holly Robinson 
Peete. 

from student aid. 

Congress passed 
legislation that 

puts college even 
further out of reach for 

America's families." 

In an effort 
to push legisla-
tion through 
before the holi -
days, the Senate 
passed the 
measure late 
on Dec. 21 in a 

_ Eddy Morales, President, landmark 51-50 
U.S. Student Association vote, with Vice 

President Dick 
Cheney casting 

the tie-breaking vote. 
"Instead of investing in higher 

education and the future of our 
country, Congress passed legisla-
tion that puts college even fur-
ther out of reach for America's 
families; USSA President Eddy 
Morales said. 

Democratic opponents then 
used a rare parliamentary proce-
dure because of minor changes 
made to the bill, and called for 
further con.sideration that led to 
the final House approval. 

In order to minimize indebted-
ness, students will have to look to 

Readers can contact Erik" Cervantes 
at ecervantes@ucsd.edu. 

NOBEL COURT 
APARTMENTS 

RESORT STYLE RENTALS 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

COMMUNITY FEATURES 
1\\0 0UtD00II. ~ fIIOOLS 
POIIC /tIEAS WIlli IMIEQUES 

I!USINESS <:ENTeR WI11i HrEIINET ACaSS 
fW.Y-EQIJIPPB) Fme5 CENTal 

PET FRIENllY ENYIROtMiNf 
UAI. UIt IDCATO&, 112 MIl fIIIDM UCSD 

1 BEDROOMS FROM $1,145 
2 BEDROOMS FROM $1,540 

spring break, study abroad & more 
SIImpIe rooodb1p Student AIrfins from San Diego III: 

San Jose, CA $124 Frankfurt 
o.lIu t2l0 London 

$381 
",1 

Atlanta $240 Tokyo $144 
Visit StudentUnlwrM.com for cheap student airfares 

on major airlines to 1,000 destinations across the US 
and around the world. 

SPECIAL OFFER: Thinking of Moving Off Campusl 
Tell Your Parents to Buy Q 

Condo for Youl 
$250 CONCESSION FOR 1 'YEAR LEASE $150 1bR A 

. . I $199 DEPOSIT ON APPROVED CREOO I 
8889 CAMIHITO PLAZA CIHTIO 
SAN DIEGO, CALIFOINIA 91111 

(858) 452-3622 
LIAS.I 0fIIIICI HCMMIc ~ foot; 
PRJ f..4; CLOSI. SAT; ·SUH 10-1 ' 

WHY RENT? BUYI 
• Rent the extra rooms to your friends .•• 
• Use the rfnt money to pay forth, mortgage ... 
• You live in the condo for FRa and ... 
' .. . your pDrents CGn write off tIIe/nterest on the ~I 

Have your parents call Tobin today at ,858,637-0609 
Flnf!Sfrf!allor.halmall.com • www.cbcallfornlo.com/lobln 

.... --------...... ----.... --.. ~ .. ------.... --------.. , ... 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9,2006 

New Mediator, but Business 
as Usual for the A.S. Council 
I t takes more than a new face, it seems, to alter the typical rou· tine of student government. Vice 
President Internal Angela Pornero 
may have been absent from the meet-
ing, but her temporary replacement 
Ashton Iranfar kept the traditions of 
stuffy parliamentary politics running 
smoothly. This change noted, things 
ran their usual course with disputes 
over funding, the role of the finance 
committee and council decorum tak-
ing center stage. 

With no items of immediate con-
sideration or special presentations 
on the agenda, controversy came in 
the form of several items carried over 

$5,000 for the Angelou event would 
be spent on, among other things, 
publiCity, a paid performer to open 
the speech and a potential dinner 
with Angelou prior to the event. 

"I want to be able to hear what 
has been done and what will be done 
with the $2,300:' Thurgood Marshall 
College Senior Senator Kate Pillon 
said . "These are questions we need to 
ask and have answered before we give 
another $8,000 to diversity affairs." 

After some debate, A.S. President 
Christopher Sweeten responded 
that the exact figures of the diversity 
affairs budget were, at present, uncer-
tain, because former Commissioner 

Eiko Arseniak had from last week's 
meeting. These 
included two 
requests by A.S. 
Commissioner 
of Diversity 
Affairs Candice 
Arnwine for a 
total of $8,000 to 

New 
Business 

spent an undis- . 
closed amount 
before her resig-
nation early in the 
fall. 

Matt L'Heureux Subsequent 
motions to table 
the item for one mlheureu@ucsd.edu 

fund Human Relations Awareness 
Week and an event featuring poet 
and author Maya Angelou. Some 
senators moved to pull the items 
from committee and discuss them 
on the senate floor, citing budget 
questions. 

"I just looked over the budget, 
and there is $2,300 allocated already 
for diversity affairs," Earl Warren 
College Sophomore Senator Daniel 
Palay said after making his motion 
for the item to be considered by the 
entire council. "I ju t want to know 
that the money that's there already 
hasn't been spent ." 

Arnwine responded that she had 
not yet spent any of the diversi-
ty affairs allocation, but that she 
had submitted the requests because 
the entire year's budget would be 
depleted by just one of the pro· 
posed events. She also stated that the 

week were voted down, with the coun-
cil ultimately deciding to appropriate 
the funds for the events. Discussion 
then turned to the appropriateness of 
second-guessing finance recommen-
dations, with some senators arguing 
that the point of a finance committee 
is to avoid lengthy discussions on the 
council floor and that recommenda-
tions should be given more weight. 
Other council members, however, 
said that certain items in the past 
had not been adequately explained 
by the finance committee, and dis-
cussion is su itable and sometimes 
necessary. 

"I think it's completely appropri-
ate for us to discuss these items," 
John Muir College Council Chair 
Neil Spears said. "We are ultimately 
the custodians of the student activity 
fees and it's our duty to manage it 
responsibility:' 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Doc Under Fire for Transplant Mishaps 
~ HOSPITAL, from page 1 
curate information to regulators 
from the United Network for Organ 
Sharing, a national organization that 
oversees transplants, about his role in 
UC Irvine's liver-transplant program. 

Hart, along with Irvine officials, 
assured UNOS that he worked at UC 
Irvine Medical Center to care full -
time for transplant patients, but he 
never left UCSD. 

Between August 2004 and 
December 2005, UC Irvine Medical 
Center had no full-time liver-trans-
plant surgeon and turned away 
numerous livers available for patients 
on the hospital's transplant waiting 
list. Many times, there was no surgeon 
on duty to perform the transplants, 
and more than 30 patients died while 
waiting for new livers, according to 
the SaIl Diego Union-Tribune. 

"The university has concluded 
that UCI representatives were not 
wholly accurate in describing the sur-
gical coverage for the UClliver trans-
plant program:' the hospital state-

ment said. 
Hart's removal follows the 

UC Irvine Medical Center Chief 
Executive Ralph Cygan's Jan . 31 
decision to resign in connection 
with the scandal. The center's trans-
plant program was shut down in 
November under pressure from fed-
eral regulators. Richard J. Liekweg, 
the chief executive of UCSD Medical 
Center, said in the tatement that the 
decision to remove Hart was based 
on a review by the UC Office of the 
General Counsel faulting Hart along 
with UC Irvine officials. He also 
indicated that Hart would remain at 
UCSD Medical Center as a transplant 
surgeon in good standing but without 
administrative responsibilities. 

Surgeon Ajai Khanna will take over 
as interim director of UCSD Medical 
Center's transplant program, but Hart 
will remain a full -time surgeon at the 
hospital, according to Liekweg. 

Hart did not respond to an e-mail 
requesting an inte.rview. 

UCSD attorney Robert Rose told 

the Union-Tribune that Hart was try-
ing to merge the transplant progran1s 
in the two centers, but that he could 
not complete the plan becau e Irvine 
.would not pay for his relocation 
expenses. 

UCSD Medical Center's statement 
also emphasized that the quality and 
performance of its transplant pro-
grams were not in question. 

"In 2005, 105 patients received 
kidney transplants and 33 liver trans-
plants were performed, with good 
outcomes in both programs:' the 
statement said. . 

According to the Union -Tribulle, 
UC Irvine Medical Center's acting 
chief executive, Maureen Zehntner, 
led a four-person delegation to 
Chicago last week to !liscuss the 
liver-transplant scandal with a UNOS 
committee. The meeting was closed 
to the media, and regulators would 
not discuss what happened there. 

Readers can contact Manhew McArdle 
at matt.mcardJe@gmail.com. 

Students Rejected Fee Hikes Last Year 
~ PROGRAMMING, from page 1 

' Currently, students pay a $21 
quarterly activity fee. 

A similar increase for outreach 
was rejected last year, when a $3-
per-quarter hike for SIORC, sup-
ported by council members, was 
rejected by the student body by a 
margin of about 500 votes. One 
variable potentially affecting the ref-
erenda is whether "return-to-aid," a 
UC Office of the President policy 
that requires a certain portion of 
campus-based sludent fees to go 
toward financial aid scholarships, 
would affect this policy. 

"We're going to ask what the situa-
tion is regarding 'return-to-aid,"' AS 
Vice President of Academic Affairs 

Harry Khanna said at the Feb. 1 A.S. 
Council meeting. 

UCOP is in the final stages of 
editing the policy, bur student gov-
ernments were told to plan on it 
being in effect for spring referenda 
items, according to A.S. Adviser 
Lauren Weiner. 

"We left the numbers as they 
stood:' Sweeten said, in regards to 
inflating the fee proposal to account 
for the financial aid rollover. "It's been 
sent to Vice Chancellor Watson, and 
it will come back to the council for 
readjustment later:' 

When some senators questioned 
whether or not proposing fee increas-
es wou ld be in the best interests of 
the student body, Sweeten put the 

numbers in perspective to other UC 
campuses. 

"At UC Berkeley, the students pay 
their A.S. almost $500:' Sweeten said. 
· We are actually the lowest -charging 
UC school for what we do:' 

In the event students do pass 
the $8 programming referendum, it 
would free up $250,000 of A.S. money 
usually spent on programming for 
olher services. "It would allow the 
A.S. to grow, and to do more things 
for the students:' Sweeten said. 

According to Weiner, there has 
not been a general increase of A.S. 
activity fees since 200 I. 

Readers can conraet Matt LHeureux 
at m1heureu@ucsd.edu . 

, .... ,.._,. 
JUST LIKE 
HEAVEN 



4 THEslfGUARDlAN 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Mariamll! Madderl 
Opillioll@ucsdguardiall .org OPINION 

~ Props to the $119 million grant UCSO receM!d from the NationiiIlnstitutes of t Health thai ~ to i~ minority student interest In health saences careers. 
Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ~ 

blithely dismissed concerns of the legality 4 
of the domestic wiretapping authorized 

after Sept. 11. 

EDITORIALS 
New Budget Offers Only 

Misplaced Priorities 
A Pproximately 18,000 Americans die every year for lack of access to health insur-ance, according to the Institute of World 
Medicine. In contrast, worldwide tain the spread of new diseases, 
deaths from terrorism fall some- we find it hard to believe that 
where between 2,000 and 3,()()() any plan reducing support for 
annually. the Centers for Disease Control 

Which is why we are skeptical and Prevention actually protects 
of the qmtral claim of President Americans. 
George W Bush's annual budget Though every budget reflects 
message: "My administration has ideological priorities, the presi-
focused the nation's resources on dent's obsession with military 
our highest pri- spen.ding and 
ority: protecting tax cuts - which 
our citizens and STRAYING PRIORITIES will far outstrip 
our homeland~' the $56 billion in 

This week's • Though America has proposed spend-
budget propos- many competing and ing cuts - defies 
ai, which would dire needs, more military reasoned justifi-
boost military !>pending and tax cuts are cation. 
and homeland- not among them. Since Bush 
defense spend- '------------..... took office 
ingby7 and6 percent, respectively, in 2001 with promises of fiscal 
will do little to protect Americans responsibility, federal spendinghas 
from peril . Deceptively, the bud- grown by 42 percent. For Bush's 
get does not include funding for ballooning bucks, poverty has 
the wars in Iraq or Mghanistan, grown, inequality has increased 
ensuring that the new money will and the ranks of uninsured have 
be stuffed into new weapons pro- swelled - while his priorities 
grams, not used toward existing remain virtually unchanged. We 
security threats. do need protection, but mainly 

As the world battles to con- from our leader's obstinacy. 

UC System in Desperate 
Need of Institutional Reform 
N Ot a week goes by, it seems, without a scan-dal to shake the University of California at its core. First there was "Greenwood 
Gate," which brought disrepute similar to those carried out in the 
to the business dealings of the state Legislature six decades ago, 
university's vice president, and which transformed an amateur 
eventually her (paid) reSignation. legislative body at the mercy of 
Then there was the secret com- the governor into a force to be 
pensation debacle. And more reckoned with. 
problems continue to e1l1erge. First and foremost, the regents 

Yet the blame does not lie must wean themselves off their 
with UC President Robert C. ueop dependency, perhaps 
Dynes alone; the problem is the through increased delegation to 
very structure of the university. the faculty Academic Senate. And 

Since its creation, the UC second, the position of the regent 
Board of Regents ... ________ ~ can no longer be 
has lacked the STRUOURAL WOES political booty: 
tools it needs to Regents must be 
effectively over- appointed for 
see the burgeon- • The UC system has their administra-

serious problems. But the 
ing system. For blame lies In Institutions, tive prowess, not 
almost all of political connec-
thei r informa- not people. tions, and should 
tion, the regents receive pay that 
must rely on data collected and allows them to devote their pri -
spoon-fed by the UC Office of mary efforts to the university. 
the President. Instead of acting This week, the Legislature 
as a board of directors, one that took a long hard look at the uni-
could look out for the interests versity, and its tribulations. Now, 
of the state, the Board of Regents instead of dishing out blame, 
is reduced to the role-of a rubber lawmakers must offer structural 
stamp. and constitutional reforms that 

What the university urgently will bring the university into the 
needs are institutional reforms 21st century. 

THE~GUARDlAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Grant Schrader 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
Vladimir Kogan Charles Nguyen 

MANAGING EDITOR NEWS ED ITOR 
Ian S. Pori Marianne Madden 

MANAGING EDITOR OPINION EDITOR 
The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 

California al San Diego. Contents Ii:) 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the majority vote of the editorial board and are nol necessarily those of the 

UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Michael Capparelli 
The govemment and corporate America are rapln. "other Earth on a scale never before seen 
in the history of mankind I If this trend continues, we'lI be left with a breakdown of civillzatlonl 
The dead will litter the streetsl They must be stopped III 

... It's all here In this pamphlet. 
plenty for everyonel 

Cartoonists Go to War 
In September, Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten printed a series 
of cartoons depicting the Islamic Prophet Mohammed. Other papers 
reprinted some of them last week, ignited a series of protests and 
violence across Europe and the Middle East. The Guardian s Opinion 
writers weigh in on the questions raised by this international incident, 

There is No Right 
Not to Be Insulted 

N oone seriously disputes .the right of a free press to publish whatever offensive drivel it 
likes. But people have brought not the 
right. but the responsibility of the edi· 
tors of Jyllands-Posten into question. 
UCLA's Daily Bruin asked whether the 
editors' decision to print the cartoon 
was a responSible one that contributed 
to journalism and the Middle East dia-
10gue. It answered that it was not. 

This misses the point. It's true that 
Muslims in Europe and the Middle 
East tend toward stronger reactions to 
insults, in general, than other religious 
groups. In the current furor over these 
cartoons alone, embassies have been 
burned or surrounded by armed men, 
and national governments have been 
asked to apologize. There is therefore 
a case to be made for treating them 
differently in order to keep the peace. 
After all, if you have a friend at your 
party who you know has a hot temper, 
you do your best to keep practical 
jokesters away from him. 

But eventually, you realize you 
can't treat him with kid gloves forever, 
and you tell him to cool his jets or 
be tossed out the door. We must ask 
ourselves nofjust what is responsible 
behavior toward the Muslim com· 
munity, but what behavior· we can 
reasonably expect from ourselves. 
Treating one group differently inevita-

b�y isolates them, and it doesn't matter 
whether that difference comes in the 
form of purposely insulting one group 
more than others, or being afraid to 
insult it as much as others. We live 
in a civilization where banners that 
damn non-Christians to hell are freely 
waved, and whj:re Christian crosses 
are put in jars of excrement and called 
"art." These are insults, and we are 
expected to act like adults about them. 
Allowing Islam to exempt itself only 
creates resentment in all the other 
groups who are expected to take an 
insult or a joke with equanimity. 

No one has the right to react to 
what others say about. them with out-
rage and violence. The Danish paper 
was absolutely right that there is a 
form of self-censorship going on in the 

press with regards to Islam, and it's not 
the kind of self-censorship that comes 
from simple politeness. Imagining that 
a right has meaning when there is no 
freedom to exercise it is delusional. 

Yes, the cartoons were insulting. 
At the risk of soundlJlg 'harsh, there's 
only one thing offended Musljms can 
do, and that's grow a thicker skin. It 
took Christianity centuries to acquire 

owing Islam to 
mpt itself only 

creates resentment in 
all the other groups 
who are expected to 

take an insult or a joke 
with equanimity?' 

the kind of collective hide it takes to 
live in a society with free speech, and 
it will never be fully realized in Islam 
if people - especially the press - are 
forever treating them like they're over· 
Iy sensitive children. 

- Hallna Camp 
ASSOCIATE OPINION EOITOR 

Offensiveness of the 
Depictions a Given 

T he Quran Uld the sayings of the Prophet prohibit any pic-torial art or depiction of the 
Divine, lest idol worship is reborn in 
cities where its corrupted form was 
hated. It is believed by Muslims that 
Allah's grandeur is such that he and 
his prophets cannot be captured in an 
image by the human hand. 

Whether the editors of }y/lands-
Posten believed in this view or not, it is 
naive of them to have simply intended 
to 'provoke a debate about the extent 
to which [they] self·censor in our 
coverage of Muslim issues» (said Jay 
Lund, Foreign editor of the }yUtmds-
Posten.) In fact, it is almost unbeliev-
able that the editors were not aware 
that their actions were provoking the 

faith of more than 1.3 billion Muslims 
worldwide. 

The question arises then, of wheth-
er editors of newspapers in 18 coun· 
tries, includ.ing the United States, were 
correct in publishing these cartoons 
in the name of free speech. They were 
not only expressing opinions that 
linked Islam to terrorism, but abusing 
the core sensibilities that led to the 
birth of a religion. Is "free speech" to 
be accorded with such power that no 
higher gove.mment may question it 
even when so much is at stake? 

One can only expect that extremist 
Muslims shall hjjack such an insen· 
sitive affair; that moderate Muslims 
shall condemn it and yet fear the dam-
age violent action can cause to their 
well-being. Such is the reach of free 
speech in our society that it murders 
across continents. 

- Yasha Sharma 
STAFF WRITER 

Societies Need to 
Push the Envelope 

On a dosed coUege campus, when ·entrenched interests feel threatened by change 
that challenges the established power 
structure, they shut down the stu-
dent television station. In a global and 
interconnected world, these interests 
bum embassies instead. 

To interpret the current row over 
the publication of cartoons offensive 
to Muslims as merely a question of 
taste Uld religious tolerance would be 
a grave error; religion is, after all. just 
Ulother value system that helps orga-
nize society and establish social rules 
that help groups of people function. 

When high school health teach-
ers offend evangelical Christians for 
teaching children the most effective 
way to prevent pregnancy and sexually 
transmitted diseases, should teachers 
be fired for blasphemy? When the 
president of Harvard University sug-
gests that women are simply less bio-
logically apt in math or science fields, 
should the John F. Kennedy School of 
Government be bombed? And when 
a UCSD student airs wgraphical depic-

[ CARTOONS, pate 5) 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUAROIAN OPINIONS 

Violence Over Cartoons Leads to Questions About Speech, Race and the Press 
• CARTOONS, from page 4 
tions of sexual nudity:' should sexuality and 
nUdity be censored under the guise .of "commu-
nity standards» and decency? 

Most reasonable people would say no to all 
of the above. And neither should a newspaper be 
assailed for printing admittedly flawed pictures. 

Change occurs when avant·garde ideas chal-
lenge the status quo, by attacking the very foun-
dations of a society. It happens when the new 
offer Ul a.IternatM to the old, Uld the new win 
out; it is the basis for the scientific process itself. 

At UCSD. it happens when a student ques-
tions the value of community standards by violat-
ing ~. GlobaDy, it happens when new ideas 
collide with old ones, Uld when the new ideas 
win out, to the chagrin of power ~ that sud-
denly lose their clout. 

- Vladimir Kogan 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Varying Reactions to 
Cartoons Sadly Predictable 

M uch of the commentary over the Mohammed cartoons controversy is pointless, for it is simply bemoaning 
the consequences of established facts. 

The fact is this: The European jo\1rnalisu 
that published the cartoons were able to do so 
because of the freedom of speech rights they have 
in their societies. The outrage over these cartoons 
exploded in the Muslim world because Muslims 
find such material offensive, and do not have the 
same concepts of freedom of speech in their own 
societies. 

Why would anything different be expected? 
Whether or not the journalists shculd have pub-
lished the cartoons is in a sense a moot point 
- the fact that they did and that such contro-
versial things shall always be published, must 
be accepted as a natural outgrowth of freedom 
of speech, which is not containable by laws with 

specific "exceptions» nor social approbation. 
And the fact that others not so embed-

ded in liberal tolerUlce may occa-
sionally get riled up over such 
publications must also be 
accepted. 

Some may con· 
clude that the jour· 
nalists should have 
practiced better 
judsment, but in 
a liberal society 
that should not 
restrict freedom 
of speech, this 
opinion stands 
as only a trivial 
wrist slap with 
no real conse· 
quence. 

The reaction 
from the West on this 
issue shows a discon· 
ned between sentiment and 
acceptance - we talk the talk of 
freedom of speech, but have more diffi-
culty wallring the walk of its natural consequences 
when something like the current crisis .occurs. 

- Robill Marie Averlltclr 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Freedom Often Leads to 
Clashes of Ideologies 

N ewe let it be said that journalists' first responsibility is to please their audience. They should educate them, sway them 
and, in some cases, evm provoIre them The vio-
lent protests against the periodicals that published 
the cartoons represent only a portion of the grow-
ins miIuDdemandlng about freedom. 

Freedom is Just another empty watering-hole. 
We all ·gather to drink. but first we must learn 

to share. The future of freedom depends on 
each nation recognizing that with a lim-

ited amount of water, a drink will 
not necessarily benetlt every-

one else, but this does not 
diminish each nation's 

entitlement to drink 
freely. 

This current 
criSiS, which led 
Muslim protes-
tors to set fire 
to a Danish 
Embassy in 
Tehran, Iran, 
merely high-
lights the ever-
present conflict 

between various 
cultural identi-

ties. If the world is 
to bridge this gap by 

grasping the complexity 
of freedom, all of its people 

must understand one of its most 
basic principles. A man does not have 

to like what another man says. He does not even 
have to listen. He only has to let him say it. 

As for proper ethics in journalism - the 
publication of the cartoons was fair game, 
but the Danish will soon realize that so is the 
Holocaust cartoon contest Iran's leading news-
paper, Hamshahri, has vowed to publish in 
retaliation to the Mohammed cartoons. 

- Natasha Naraghi 
STAFF WRITER 

Exercise in Journalistic 
Protest Went Too Far 

The recent deaths of civil rights activ-ists Rosa Parks and Coretta Scott King have reminded AmericUls of the long 

struggle for racial equality in this country, so it 
is surprising to see a new and potentially violent 
threat to civil rights looming on the interna-
tional horizon. 

With" the repeated publication of Jyllands· 
Posten editorial cartoons in other papers across 
Europe and an unwining globe, Islam is being 
satirized and presented as the religion of terror· 
ists, all in the name of free speech. 

Inciting mass protests may not have been 
the ultimate goal of the paper, but causing a stir 
was. Claiming fear of self· censorship, Danish 
cartoonists, disturbed by an inability to criti · 
cize islam for fear of bodily harm, fought J)ack 
through inflammatory images. lUustrators told 
to express opinions about.l~am put a bomb in 
the Prophet Mohammed's turban, an exercise in 
racial stereotyping and lack of good judgment. 

Just as it is wrong to symb~lize America 
through the Unabomber, it is reprehensible 
to link terrorism to the world's second-largest 
religion. While a small disclaimer admitted it 
was not a complete representation of Islam, a 
picture is worth a thousand words. 

Despite peaceful protests after the initial 
publication, the cartoons were republished for 
months afterward across Europe. Unfortunately, 
consideration for the practice of free speech 
was not equally appreciated by both sides of the 
debate, leading to claims of the perpetuation of 
Islamophobia by several leaders of the Middle 
East. This isn't surprising, as it follows the 
Guantanamo Bay prison scandal and discrinii -
nation foUowing Sept. 11. 

Freedom of speech is necessary to any soci-
ety, but respect for personal beliefs and culture 
is the glue. The mounting violence of a minority 
of Muslims to the cartoons is wrong, but so is 
ignoring their requests for cessation. Scholarly 
discussion is encouraged in Isiam, which would 
have been a more direct and meaningful route . 
for the Iyllands·Posten. 

- Maryann Kimoto 
STAFF WRITER 

Writers Wanted 
Email: editor@ucsdguardian.org 

Go Abroad with UC Irvine 
2006 Travel Study Program! 

tra.el. study. IIYe. 

Earn UC credit. No hassle transferring credit from abroad. 
FULFILL academic reqUirements! 

abroad for that 
once-in-a-lifetime 

expeJience! 
Open to 

students from 
all colleges, 

including 
freshmen and 

graduating 
All courses are 
taught in English. 

Plan ahead, set ahead, and graduate sooner. 

Go somewhere this summer. Enroll today! UCIrvine 
SUMMER SESSION 



6 
Co TACT TIlE EDITOR 

Cody B. abou rs 
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org hiatus 

arts/entertainment 
Oeadboy " the 
Elephantmen 

~ THE BEST SONGS . OSS IN HIATUS O THIS WEEK d·,..; lLues 
Redman Aceyalone " RJD2 

• "Heaven" 
• ' How Long the Night was' 

· "How 10 Roll a Blunl' 
• "Da Goodness' • ' All for U' 

____________________ THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9 , 2006 --_________________ _ 

a Tired Schtfck 

Pink Panther 

** Starring Steve Martin. Kevin Kline 
Directed by Shawn Levy 

Opens Feb 10 
Rated PG 

J 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 7 

ONE BEDROOMS FROM MID $200K 
TWO BEDROOMS FROM$399K 

VILLA VICENZA 
LA. .lOLL .. 

8895 CAMINITO PLAZA CENTRO 
SAN DIEGO. CAUFORNIA 92122 

1B. 858.410.1100 I ......aRaCOm 

ONE BEDROOMS FROMHIGH$200K 
TWO BEDROOMS FROM$380K 

VERANO~_ 
LA JOLLA-'*-

7503 CHARMANT DRIVE 
SAN DIEGO. CALIFORNIA 92122 
1B.. 858.<410.1300 I 1OeI.1OCDI1dos.com 

ATLANTA . BOSTON · DALLAS · HONOLULU · LOS ANG ELES · MIAMI · NEW YORK · PALM BEACH · PH ILADELPHIA · SAN FRANCISCO · TAM PA · WASH ING10N DC 
v .. 'llcenn • aNOed and de>etoped ill' NOOeI <:.curt ~ lie. 'Iwoi.1I ",""",,.and ~ by La Coma o..~ ltC Ih, de>elQjl<f rm"", the nP to chor!i' 1"""'"' fe,,",,,,-.ro .n",,"" wnhout .-e MOOds do not ",Iort rolOill preferera '00 "e Mana>g o I c~':i.·o it-;'·; <Mli.lb4e. MontNvp.l,mMts b.lsed OIl 1c.xR fln¥nll of S.26S,C(X) s;!Im prOo .. 6-&lS~~r.Jte.l% diIlnrt punt .. 711 ARM "rtltt-iy .1I.fnI':if: ooIyTI-e aro..e p''YfJ~nt''do not rrlK~ toonlhi)o Hm1l!OM"lf!l A~'ilXial.ton dle5and j)r~ty ~Pa~nent~ IJ.lw!<too tI~ loan lwe DrltK 

..IiIoo _ .!!!.:.:.!!:!:- '*' VIfY for II ... '" .m (IR r"" .. .m leal""" ...q<.'" to ~ wnJ-oot ,1(I(ice. Nob<! Cart De.-dqJIn<'rt. ltC Of La 0", DMtoprn''', LLC • ,rerthor pr"<MdirIJ nor ~ fnane" for bur-n 

GRE. GMAT 
LSAT. MeAT 

GRE & GMAT course starts: 
Feb. 25th 
March 25th 
April 22nd 
May 20th 
June 24th 

MeAT course starts: 
August exam: April 25th, May 22nd, 
Jun. 18th & 19th 

Save $100 before March 31 st on an MeAT course! 

LSAT course starts: 
June exam: Feb. 11 th, Mar. 25th, April 22nd & May 1 st 
Sept. exam: Jun. 10th, July 8th & Aug. 12th 

LSAT Early Bird for Sept. exam: 
SAVE $1.00 before June 2nd. 

Space is limited - call today 
800-2Review 

www.PrincetonReview.com 

All te,ttypes are trademarlc" of their respective owne,s. who era 
not affiliated with The Princeton Review. The Princeton Review 
and Tha Princeton Ravlew logo .re t,ademarlc" for The Princeton 
Review. Inc. The Princeton Review. Inc. II not affillaled with 
Princeton Unlveralty. 

Dewin Higgs Memorial lecture 

Panel discussion following lecture 

Wed. 
Feb. 15 

2006 
6:00pm 
Price Center 

Ballroom 
FREE AND OPEN 
TO THE PUBLIC 

Robert Horwitz, Moderator, UCSD Department of Communication 
William J. Aceves, California Western SchoQI of Law 
Mark Danner, UC Ber'Keley Department of Journalism 
Bard College, Human Rights Program 
Michael D. Ramsey, University of San Diego School of Law 

~ UCSD University of California, San Diego 
Sponsored by Earl Warren College, UCSD • Law & Society Program, UCSD 

California Western School of Law 



• ( I ~ •• I' .. 
. . 

, ~ ... , • , I I • l I I' , ' \ t , 1 •• :.. .~ 1 .. '\ \ ........ ,oJ; • ,. ", ,; .- -, " ,.,_ ....... .... - ' .. ~ ~ : ... ,.- -~ .. -..,.....l"~ ............ ~i' , ........ : ....... ,.."r7:'~~':" .",;-' , ~.~~.":T~':" T j 'c,'" 
I , • " . ' " .. ., '"" •• ' • 

8 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, fEBRUARY 9, 2006 

r----------------------------~ ~ . 
FlalDe Bro'lerW 
Always Good...Always Caaraateed! 

Chicken Bowl 
(I MedI .... DItak 

Not valid with any other offer. With coupon only. 
Expire. 3/ 9/06 

NO MSG • NO BONE • NO SKIN NO FRYING 

ILa Jolla Village Center (next to Rubio's) (lSI) 5874989 
~----- -----------------------~ 

----------1 Voted SEST SRAZILIAN BIKINI WAXING III La Jolla' , 
lip &: n I (1\\ \ \.1' 

ilia ~Nn uare! $10 OFF I 
I Reg. 133 value. 
I 123 for ht vUit of ncw dien .. 
1- - - - .... - - -- - -I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

3251 Halld.yCt. urc I I 
Ste. J83 4S(S La.Jella Villop Dr. Q; 7 I 

www.brazIJJasklncare.com LaJ.o..CA9lO37 s..Diep,CA911l2 I Reg. 145 value. I 
I I3Sfor htvUitofncwdieo .. I Walk-in Client .. Welwnw IH!)H)h'1l'\-IH02 1 ______ -- _ ..... 

-------------~~---~- -~-~------PACIFIC BEACH Your complete automotive 
repair facility 

- - ....... - "-

-"---_ ... -"--'--

Now accepting the Chevron credit card and 
Fleet card! We specialize in both Domestic 

and Foreign vehicles 

FULL SERVICE 
OIL CHANGE SPECIAL $1495 

BRAKE SPECIAL S5995 Front or Rear Brakes 
up to 5 qts. ot 10/30 
Chevron Supreme Oil. 

Exp. 5/31/06 
Exp. 5/31/06 &up 

2924 Damon Ave, @MissionBay Dr. in Pacific Beach' Mon.·Sat. Bam-6pm' (858)581-9442 
Credi ts and discounts for all products or selVices disclosed herin af< offered by the listed retail location and are not obligations of 

Chevron Credit Bank. N.A. Thank you for using the Chevron Credit card . 

---------- ------~~~-~---~~~--~ 

BEAUX GENS 
BY ANTON ELLA 

Now MOVED INSIDE Beauty Kliniek 
OFFERING THE SAME SPECIAL PRICES IN: 

Haircut, HlgIIllghts, Color, UIHIo a Perm 
for UCSD students, teacbers a staff 

3268 GOVERNOR DR . SAN DIEGO 92122 

Econolube, Flame Broiler 
Bruma Skin Care 

118-41",212 

Redman Spits Raw P-Funk, Straight Dutla '92 
~ REDMAN, from page 6 
"Pick It Up,» as well as "Smoke Buddah" and 
"Whateva Man.» Docs Da Name 2000 was a 
hit -or-miss affair, but stayed true to Redman's 
unique flavor with songs like "I'U Bee Oat; 
"Jersey Yo' and "Da Goodness." 

The release of Blackout, with Def Jam 
label mate and Wu-Tang Clansman Method 
Man, marked a new chapter in Red's career. 
Redman has taken a slight mainstream turn 
(to put it nicely), and in the midst of a busy 
schedule - filming deodorant commercials, 
getting sitcom "Method and Red" canceled, 
and starring in a movie, "How High,» that 
isn't funny no matter how much weed I smoke 

- he has only managed to release one album 
in the new millennium, 2001's Malpractice. 
A somewhat disappointing and unoriginal 
(by his standards) release, one can expect to 
hear both "Diggy Doc» and "Muh-Fucka» this 
Friday at RIMAe. 

While new material by Redman can be hard 
to fmd (his new album, Red Gone Wild is sched-
uled to drop later this year), we can forgive him 
due to the wealth of his older material. As soon 
as Red hits the stage, it should be easy to forget 
all of his acting efforts and simply appreciate 
the energetic effort put forth in his live perfor-
mance, even if he is stoned, which he will be 
- and you should be too. 

Jack's Mannequin Nails Power-Pop Fonnula 
~ MANNEQUIN, from page 6 
ing return back home to Venice Beach (Though 
McMahon is an Orange County native) after a 
few years away from the sand and the drama. It's 
a shame that McMahon's piano remains in the 
background throughout the album, content to 
merely accent the power chords that make up his 
batch of simple piano-punk-pop. Regardless, it's 
the perfect companion to Fox's "OC" mythology 
(though apparently only cool enough for "One 
Tree Hill»), like a sad windows-down drive along 
Highway 101 on a summer day, just when the 
gray marine layer roDs in. 

Some critics call McMahon the Ben Folds of 

his genre, but McMahon lacks the bitter clever-
ness' of that balding hipster. With his apparent 
love for all things pop and his hopeless romanti-
cism, he is more Chris Martin than Ben Folds -
but no one would argue that the man can't write 
a pop song. He certainly has more potential than 
his spiky-haired peers in the skate shop scene, 
and maybe he knows it. In the Jack's Mannequin 
track. "I'm Ready; he whispers, "My life has 
become a boring pop song. and everyone's sing-
ing along." Perhaps if McMahon stepped out of 
the shadow of Something Corporate's unspec-
tacular power-chord pop, he wouldn't have that 
problem. 

THURSOAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2006 

r· ftIUuaJ: .. ft's!-------------~"Ul UI11J; 
Deadboy & the Elephantmen 
• We Are Night Sky 
fAT POSSUM 

*** Every label ought to have a White Stripes-brand band. Admittedly, some are better than others - but 
Deadboy and the ElephantInen are at 
least Fat Possum's second of the type 
(the others are the 'Stripes-besting 
Black Keys). So it's worth asking, why 
add these Southern shuffle-punks to 
the fold? 

Picture 01' Meg and Jack: girl-plus-
sporadic· harmony on the drums and 
a nervy guitar 'n' voice 'n' phallus up 
front. Subtract clever two-tone color 
scheme and genius cover art ten-
dencies. Add occasional bass, on-key 
background vocals (ahem, dear Meg) 
and barely more elaborate drumming 
(ah-Meg-again!) , and you're, well, still 
not quite there. It takes a few listens to 
decide whether or not you think Dax 
Riggs can sing or simply boom loudly 

Aceyalone and RJD2 
• Magnificent City 
DECON INC 

*** Haven't I heard this before? First we got that magnetically funky, token RJD2 dance track that 
drunk college students the world over 
(glowing with underground cred) will 
tirelessly bump and grind to, followed 
by a couple more that'll at least bob 
heads. And that's where our favorite 
Philly beatsmith starts to play around 
- unfortunately, he's taking us in all 
the same direction. 

Aceyalone hasn't exactly been on 
the top of his game the past few 
years (see Love and Hate) , and here 
RJD2's shape-shifting production 
often proves too challengi ng a rack-
et for the struggling MC, as he sim-
plifies and stumbles in an attempt 
to catch up. RJ takes the spotlight 
through vast electronic intervals of 
Acey-free instrumentation and even 
sings the sweet indie-rock chorus on 
"Here & Now," both traits extensions 
of 2004's Since We Last Spoke. 

at occasionally alternating pitches, 
but either way, it's wincingly obvious 
how hard he's trying to sound like 
Kurt Cobain. Over his dean-then-
dirty, quiet-then-Ioud three-chord 
rock snappers, the Nirvana likeness 
occasionally grows unbearable. 

But then they just go back to 
the usual - sounding like the pep-
permint pair. Riggs' voice becomes a 
pleasure; the wispy, wordless bridge 
of "Dressed in . Smoke» relieves the 
boom-chink, power-chord desert, 
which subsequently gets fresh again 
when they add a fat, slobbering bass. 
The magic of the bluesy duo succeeds 
once more, if only in its moment 
(and that's why every label should 
have one). 

-Ian S. Port 
SENIOR STAFF'WRITER 

And while his sound is as grand as 
ever, complete with signature techno 
submarine bubbles and cinematic 
synth-crashes, anyone who has over-
dosed on his previous work (admit it) 
will wish it wasn't quite so familiar. 

With lame concepts like Superman 
and getting high, two stale story 
raps uncomfortably similar to Soul 
Position's, and lines as weak as "There's 
something wrong with my radio dialJ 
Some of these fools just ain't got style; 
hip-hop's former warrior of wordplay 
is less than quotewonhy. Fortunately 
for Ace One and RJD2, they don't 
have much competition in the hip-hop 
originality department these days and 
they'll be ridin' high in the under-
ground with Magnificent City, if only 
-by default. 

Aceyalone and RJD2 will perform 
at Porter's Pub on Feb. 16. 

- Simone Wilson 
STAFF WRITER 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

The issues. The opinions. The facts. 
The latest. For your course. 

For your life. For your need to know. 

Students and educators: 
Subscribe to The Times for up to 

50% off the newsstand price. 

Call1-888-NYT-COLL 
Or visit nylbaes.colD/studenl 

Inspiring Thought 

itbe New lork itimts 
.. DOW ...... N.tworli 

HIATUS 9 

7 days a week, only $4.90 per week; Mon, - Fri. for only $2.00 per week; Sun. only $2.50 per week 
These rates are available only to collega/unlversity faculty and students. Offer expires 1213 t /06. 

This offer Is valid only in areas served by The New York Time. DelIVery Service . 



10 CLASSIFI EDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Worried about auto theft ? Ravelco has sold over 
3,500,000 units world wide, and we've never 
had a vehicle stolen. To learn more, go to www. 
NoHotWire.com. (219) 

EYEBLINK STUDY - Males needed, 16-35, R-handed, 
drug-free, no psychiatric history. Earn up to $26O! 
Call 61 ~S43-23 14. M-F, 9-4. UCSDMC. (219) 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers, All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours, 

$725-$1050 hourly 
cauJacki 

(858)565-2144 
Retail Music and Movie Store. PIT and FIT avail· 
able. MUST work weekends. Moio Sounds. 
1084 Garnet Pacific Beach, send resumes to 
RReld@mojosounds.com. (2113) 

Swim Instructors $1 1-17 per hour. San Diego 858-
273-7946. North County 760-744-7946. (3/1 6) 

Help Wanted. Part Time Waitre ... For Man-Wed 
4:30 to 1 0:00pm. And Thr-Sat 4:30 to 10:OOpm 
(experienced preferred). Matsugawa Sushi. 858-
204-4831. Jultin.12I9) 

International Aquatics Opportunities! Aquatics 
Instructors & Lifeguards are needed to be a part 
of the 2006 Camp Adventure? Aquatics team in 
Okinawa, Japan from lIpril 9- June 15. Worthwhile 
experience with youth, 12 hours college credit, 
airfare paid and a living stipend. For more informa-
tion contact Meredith Stille at mstillecpunLedu or 
call 31 9-273-7929. (2/9) 

Small restaurant at la Jolla Shores needs Cashier, 
counter help, pit $7.50-8.50/ hour. Friendly place, 
flexible hrs. we train. leave message, Kevin 858-
273-8623. (2113) 

Summer Counselors W.nted. Counselors needed 
for our student travel and pre-college enrichment 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE* GuARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edi~ delete offensive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser wil l not 
hold the Guardian liable for any claims reSUlting from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any ciaim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by the cor~esponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
Please send an corre.pondence reg.rdlng C .... lfIed. to: 
UCSD Gu.rdi.n, Attn: CI •• slfled., 9500 GII_n Drive 10316, U JoI .. , CA 9209J. 
Actualloc_tlon: Student Center A. Room 217, 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per 20 words 
Faculty & Staff: $7.50 per 20 word. 

All others: $12 per 20 word. 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Pub. Dale Display Ads U"" Ad, 
Mon, ~ pm MOM I wk 4 pm MON 1 wk 
Thurs. ~pmTHlwk 4pmTHI wk 

Classified Line Ads a ar in both the Guardian PRINT and ONLINE editions. 

programs. middle school enrich ment, and college 
admissions prep. Applicants must be 21 Years old 
by June 20th and possess. valid driver's license. 

ronment we need Directors and In,tructors dent. Financing Av. ilable. ~761 ·3780 Ext. 704, 
for: Tennis, Swimming IW.5.1. preferred), Golf, 24 hours a day for Free Recorded message. 1219) 
Gymnastics, Cheerleading, Drama, High & low 

We need: Mature, Hardworking, Energetic indi- Ropes, Team Sports, Waterskiing, Sailing, Painting! 
FOR RENT viduals who can dedicate 4-7 weeks memoring Drawing, CeramiCS, Slikscreen, Printmaking, Batik. 

and supervising teens. To receive information or 
apply, ptease visit our website: www.summerfun. 
com or 800-645-6611 12116) 

Summer Day Camps 
- - -- -

"an h:rllalldu j ( oneio Vallc\ .. 

<:olll1'l'lor" I ifq~lIaH" & 
11I,lru(\or .. IlIr ho, .. t'> . , r .oIl- . 

).: 1 Ill. 1l.llurL·. Illu,i, . Ii,hin g. 
l.UIOl'llIg , HH.k \.iilllh illg , 

.1I1illlal .... llld lI10re 

I' arn ... . WOO . '",600 + 
SSS-7S.t -C\.\J P 

W\\W. work all a 111 p . (OIl1 

Day Camps - San Fernando / Conojo Valleys. 
Counselors, Lifeguards. Gym, Fishing, Canoeing, 
Horseback Riding, Music, Drama, More. $3000-
$3600-+ / summer. 888-784-CAM P, www.workat-
camp.com (219) 

Valentine's Floral Delivery and sales derk positions 
available. Costa Verde Center. Need own vehicle 
for delivery. 2110-2114.856-622-9999 (219) 

CAMP WAYNE FOR GIRLS - Children's sleepy-away 
camp, Northeast Pennsylvania (6/17-8/13/06). If 
you love children and want a caring, fun envi-

Jewelry, Calligraphy, Photography, Scu lpture, 
Guitar, Aerobics, Self-Defense, Video, Piano. Other 
staff: Administrative/Driver (21 +), Nurses (RN's and 
Nursing Students), Bookkeeper, Mother~ Helper. 
On campus Interviews February 25th. Call 1-800-
27!t-3019 or apply online at www.campwaynegirls. 
com (2120) 

FOR SALE 

Valentine's Dav Specials 
'IBookG4 12" (M9846lUA) 
w/purchase of AppleCare $699 

(AppleCare for iBook S 1 83) 
• IPod Nano 2GB (White or Black) 
Retail $199 UCSD price $179 

• I Pod Nano 4GB (White Dr Black) 
Retail $249 UCSD price $229 

• lPod 30GB video (White or Black) 
Retail $299 UCSD price $269 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center ' (858)534-4291 
PricnM.tljealOchInge.~ Imhed.NocwbDrla~ 

Economics 2nd edition for all Econ 1, 2, 3- $65-
good condition. Email klle@ucsd.edu or call 61 ~ 
793-6988 12123 ) 

Must love dogsl Furnished! unfurnished room in 
Carmel Valley home. Own bathroom. Female, non-
smoker preferred. $8001 month including utilities 
856-414-0316.12/13) 

Large room + separate loft available in beach 
home. $1495 for both, 1/2 utili tie~ Parking, house-
keeper, amenkies. Females only. 858-44~5295. 
12121) 

WANTED 
Volunteers paid S30 for an Interview. If you are 
entirely of Chinese, Japanese, or Korean descent, 
age 21 -26; ca ll 552-8585 x 5590 13116) 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors Needed. $8000-
$15000 for qualified, responsible applicants. All 
ethnic backgrounds welcome. Special Need for 
Jewish, Asian, and East Indian donors. Close per-
sonal support by experienced donor. Call Dawn 
@ 951-696-7466. Full info at www.fertil ityalterna-
tives.com (6/8) 

EGG DONORS NEEDED. $10,000 (PLUS ALL 
EXPENSES) . ... re ..... Ing women who are 
attroctlve, under the _ge of 29, SAT 1300+, 
phyIIally anclllll\lntalning • hNlIIIy 11fMtyIt. 1f 
you have • desire to help an infertile family and 
would Ilk. more informMion pluM contact .... 
E"",II O' ........ perfectmetch.cOlllo www, .,.,-
fectrnatch,com, 1-100-2_21 (2116) 

SERVICES 

THURSOAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2006 

d istracted, angry, depressed, sleeping more than 
it should? Would you like the relationship you've 
always dreamed on Contact the doctor by email 
or phone. Sliding scale fees. Free initial consulto-
tion at your home. 858-452-3777 or jledingh@san. 
rr.com.12/9) 

American Idol trainlngl Voice/plano lessons. 
Theatre/audi tion/pe rfor mance preparation. 
Record your CD! launch your careerl $50/hr. 
Celeste, 858-467-0776, www.celeste<enter.com 
(219) 

Tennis @ Noon - USPTR Instructor will meet you 
at the Muir Courts for a 45 min. lesson any time 
between 11 -2, M-E UCSD special: 1 or 2 players 
$20. Ca ll 619-787-5475 13/16) 

We edit term papers, dissertations, and resumes 
online or off. (We are academicians on another 
campus.) E-mail editor@palmspringswriter.com. 
(951)313·2023. (2113) 

LOST & FOUND 
lost = 1998 Maul Jim tortoise-sheil frame sun-
glasses between 3rd floor of Price Center and the 
Guardian office (Student Center). Please contact 
the Guardian at 858-534-6845. Many thanks 1219) 

Lost - Pearland silver earring - Center Hall/ Library 
Walk area. Please contact at 856-546-71 45 (2113) 

PERSONALS 

:TEXT1\~~rCITY 
~T MESSAGE ;\ll ... ~ ... i 

LIVE SINGLES IIII :? 
YOUR CElL PHONE : I 

Text: RAVE 
Sene To: 36999 

. . . . ,' .' . ,. .... ~, 

MOVIE QUOTE UPDATE: Yes, Scott, -Wall Street' 
was correct Way to bag the elephant. Stay tuned 
fo r a new quote in Monday's Valentine Edit ion. 
(2/9) 

law and Order, Feli ne Unit: New York cops busted 
a college student posing as a veterinarian by "sing 
an 'undercover kitten.' 1219) 

Watch for the Guardian Valentine Issue, and your 
personals. this Monday, Feb. 13th. Valentine 

La Jolla Condominium. Gated Community. Great Personals wiH also be online at ucsdguardion.org 

28 _ AU. NUS tI MldnilrIbt 

CmiN 1i1tH i'U 
SAT. FEB. 11th 9·2 

2 Dance Rooms' 2 Full Bars 

I DEl- - - - - - - - - - .. t~ ,.)- 10 min. I MAR from UCSD I I I MATSUGAWA I I 15% DISCOUNT 
with student 10, Discount!! on all I 
sushi rolls and lunch combos 

50% DISCOUNT 011 I 
LundlSpec.1IIs, Mon."". 

Come and enjoy the sunset I at the Matsugawal 
I 1101 Camino Del Mar, Del Mar, CA 92014 I ... 720-1140 
- - - - - - - - - - -

... 

forstudents I st purchase or parents to buy forstu- Computer Csychiat,ist: Is your home computer .(2/9) 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 Nuisance 
5 Sots 
10 Mounta in lion 
14 Opposing position 
15 Soulful Hayes 
16 Tennessee's flower 
17 Hard up 
20 Brewed drink 
21 Queen of the gods 
22 landed property 
23 Ornare wardrobe 
25 G' men 
26 In the style at 
27 PaS! prime 

28 Scotch mixer 
32 Hand up 
36 Red dye 
37 Cl10W down 
38 Irreverence 
40 PC linkup 
41 Beautify 
43 Hand up 
45 Hunt and peck 
46 GUlch 
~7 Tokyo, formerty 
48 R.lse cane 
50 5elved raw 
54 In h! rnonIh precedl"ll this one 
57 Japilne5e P.M. (196-4-72) 

--------------------------

58 Immovable 
59 Ha rd up 
62 Out of round 
63 Sportscaster anecdotes 
64 Bill killer 
65 Knightly ti des 
66 aarinels' kin 
67 Boy with a bow 

DOWN 
1 Risatoni or z iti 
2 Come in 
3 Victorious Super Bowl N coach 
4 Spanish aunt 
5 car part with a blade 
6 Grenoble's river 
7 NOIhing In Nogales 
8 Klutz 
9 Marilee! with lines 
10 "Cuemic. · painte, 
11 Russian range 
12 Fine spray 
13 Pallid 
18 Rlpa's partner 
19 aea~y embanassed 
24 Hone morsel 
25 Naval forte 
27 G iving a thumbs-up to 
29 Capilal on the Aker River 
30 Pushbutton forerunner 
31 Green Gables girt 
32 Remarbble deed 
33 Tided woman 
34 Perched on 
35 Morphine sounce 
36 Visine driblet 
39 Movie houses 
42 liquid freebies 

4~ On a roll 
46 Wild~ng 
49 French friend 
50 Lake in the Sierra Nl!\lada 
51 ' lou Grant" portrayer 
52 front side at • lean 
53 Cultural values 
S4 ETs' rides 
SS fl'" name In jeans 
S6 Shred 
S 7 WWII beale site 
60 Gooey masa 
61 "_ Got You Billie" 

See SOlUTIONS on pa.,a 

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9,2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN SPORTS 11 

Tritons Four-Run Sixth Fuels Win 
• BASEBAlL, from page 12 
outfielder Damina Fante was 
hit by a pitch and Erickson 
tallied his second single of the 
game. This set up a first -and-
second situation for Morehead, 
who played his part as the No. 
4 hitter by cleaning up the 
bases with a two-run single to 
pUt the Tritons up 7-6. 

"I actually played in high 
school with the guy pitching 
50 1 was thinking about what 
he was going to give me and 
how he was going to throw;' 
Morehead said. "I got the pitch 
1 was looking for and just put a 
good swing on it." 

Finally in the lead, it was 
now up to UCSO's bullpen 
to hold on for three more 
innings. Freshman reliever 
Trevor Decker did his part, 
shutting down the. Sea Lions 
in order in the seventh inning. 
In the bottom half, the Tritons 
took some pressure of their 
bullpen with two insurance 
runs coming off a home run 

by Cantele, 
"That was the big blast 

for us," junior closer Michael 
Kerney said, "It definitely 
gave a lot of confidence to the 
teaJ1l." 

O'Brien called on Kerney to 
keep Point Lorna from regain-
ing a lead, and he did just that, 
setting the Sea Lions down 
in order in the eighth i.nning 
and finishing them off in the 
ninth, despite a late scare from 
a double and a walk. However, 
the rally proved futile and 
Kerney earned the save in the 
season opener. 

-Hopefully I keep this dos-
ing role that I'm in: Kerney 
said_ "I feel comfortable there. 
I'll come in and help any-
body." 

Gimenez did need the 
bullpen's help in the game 
after allowing the three , early 
runs. He got help from senior 
reliever Jose Navarro, who 
pitched scoreless fifth and 
sixth innings to earn the win. 

"IThe bullpen) is a huge 
part of our team;' Morehead 
said. "They come in and they 
shut teams down. 'I1lat gives 
us a chance to come back and 
it helps build our confidence." 

Despite the win, the team 
knows it got away with sloppy 
play and will have to fix that 
to do as well as it did last year 
when they won the California 
Collegiate Athletic Association 
champiOnship. 

·We have I process-versus-
result approach to the game; 
O'Brien said, ·We're always 
working on the process and 
we're not going to get wrapped 
up in the result. Tomorrow 
at practice, I'll have a list of 
notes from today's gaJ1le and 
we're going to learn from a 
lot of mistakes that we made 
today." 

The Tritons will hive a 
chance to prove they learn from 
their mistakes in the Cai State 
San Bernardino Tournamnet 
Feb. 10 through 12. 

Fan.s Could Raise Triton Spirit 
• CHOI, from page 12 
come to UCSD just to play, 
These aren't recruited players 
who came to make UCSDa voi-
leyball powerhouse. They give 
their time and devote all they 
have to the team while at the 
same time dealing with the rig-
orous academic requirements 
of a UC campus. 

Although the odds are 
against them, they continue to 
compete, always striving to be 
better. 

"I know we play some hard 
teams," Ring said "But the guys 
battle hard." 

Sometimes the energy is just 
ftat and the team struggles with 
consistency, which is why they 
need student support. 

"The crowd definitely 
heIps." Sa)'l!l"S said "We want to 
hear their positive feedbadc and 
build upon it." 

Ring agrees that fan support 
can be a useful wapoo in home 
games. 

"If we have a crowd who 
lis) voca1, it gives us an energy 
boost," Ring said. "I definitely 
like having the pep band dur-
ing the games and I hope to see 
them back out there. It's just 

more energetic and lively with 
them there." 

So let's bring the pep band 
back and hold our hands in a 
Tritons' Trident and hold it up 
proud 

"It was awesome to see 50 
many people during Spirit 
Night for basketball,- Smi~ 
said "I wish 1 could've been 
playiq on the court at that 
time." 

So come out and support 
your volleyball team when 
it comes back home to play 
Brigham Young University on 
Feb. 16 and 18. 

,. 

The GEORGE HAYDU ESSAY CONTEST 
$2500 CASH 

AWARD 
OPEN TO All UCSD 

GRADUATE STUDENTS 
The Department of Anthropology announces the 2005-2006 

nineteenth annual George Haydu Essay Prize for the 

Study of Culture, Behavior, 
and Human Values. 

The prize, funded by an endowment provided by the late Dr. George Haydu 
of LaJolIa, carries a $2,500 cash award, Contestants must be ftIJIy registered 
UCSD graduate students in Spring Quarter, 2006, or must have completed a 
Ph.D. degree at UCSD not earlier than September 1,2005. 
The prize will be awarded to the essay which best addresses the relation 
between culture, behavior, and human values, Essays should not be longer 
than thirty-five double space typewritten pages, The George Haydu Essay 
Prize Committee will judge the essays based on originality and scholarship, 
The names of the authors will be withheld from the judges to insure impar-
tiality. If none of the essays is of sufficient quality, the judges may decide not 
to award the prize, If two essays are judged to be of equal excellence, the 
prize will be divided equally between the two authors, Previous winners of 
the Haydu Prize are ineligible. 
Ia.tnacdo .. : Please submit an original and three copies of the essay with 
two cover pages on each essay_ The first cover page must include the essay 
title, author's name, department affiliation, home address, cell/home phone 
numbers, and email address. The second page must include the phrase 
"Submitted in competition for the George Haydu Essay Prize" plus the title 
and a one to two paragraph abstract of the essay. Essays can be delivered in 
person to l'Iae George Haydu Es.ay Prize Committee, Departm.ent 
of Aathropology, Social Science Building, Room 216. Or mail to 
T'lae George Haydu Euay Prize Committee. Department of 
AatlaropolOlYJ 0532. UCSD. 9500 Gilman Driw. LaJoUa, CA 
92093-0532. 

Deadline for submission Is 12:00 noon, Wednesday, March 1, 2006. 
The Judges' decision will be announced on or _bout April 15, 2006. 

Only one airline is Hawaiian. 

We fly daily across the Pacific 

non-stop from 9 Western U,S. cities 

featuring island-style cuisine, 

hospitality and entertainment. 

Visit our web site to find our 

lowest unadvertised fares. 

-RIRunES.-

HawaiianAirlines.com 
HAWAII STARTS HERE 



12 TH~GuARDIAN HOT CORNER Water Polo 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rae! Entern 
sports@ucsdguardian.org SPORTS The UCSD women's water polo team went 2-2 to open the season at the Michigan Tournament. One of its upset wins came in double overtime against No. 11 Indiana University. 
Volleyball Deserves Respect 
Despite Lackluster Season 

I have a confession to make - I have ne~ er seen a complete game of voUeyball. 
At least not before I started cover-

ing it for the Guardian. 
I don't know whether I've become 

a fan or feel like I'm a small part of the 
teanl, but it bothers me that students 
don't know much about one of the few 
UCSD teams to face mainly Division-I 
competition. 

This eason, our men's volleyball 

dard for the rest of the team in hitting 
and blocking:' • 

Aiding Smith at the middle blocker 
position is sophomore middle blocker 
John Mark Wendler, who seems to be 
the muscle of the team (not to mention 
a fan favorite) . 

"He has a good sMng;' Sayers said. 
"He's one of our main hitters:' 

Leading the team are co-captains, 
sophomore libero Joseph Sexton 
and junior setter Brooks Dierdorff. 

team comprises 
19 player , Mth 
four seniors, three 
juniors, four soph-
omores and eight 
freshmen, includ-
ing five red-shirts. 

Semi-Pro 
Fan 

Sexton is a spe-
cialized defender, 
while Dierdorff is 
the leader of the 
offense. 

To go along 
Mth a young team 
is first-year head coach Kevin Ring. 
who was UCSD' assistant coach for 
the past nine years. 

The team has three-hour prac-
tices five days a week, in which Ring 
stresses perfection of the fundamen-
tals. The Tritons work on individual 
skills depending on po ition, as well as 
group drills. 

"Coach always talks about how we 
have to play at our highe t levels each 
match to have a chance to win," junior 
middle blocker Garret Smith said. 

While Ring has tried many starting 
lineups, there are definitely some key 
members on this year's squad. 

Senior opposite Chris Sayers leads 
the team in kills, thanks to his great 
leaping ability, but is always trying 
to strengthen his game to better the 
team. 

"I try to inlprove as much as I can 
each day," ayers said. ''I'm an offensive 
player, but I'm trying to learn how to 
block and pick up other parts of my 
game when my team needs it:' 

On the other side, 'senior outside 
hitter Jon Daze brings leadership and 
energy to the team, according to Ring. 

"I really like how Daze plays;' he 
said. "He is our emotional leader and 
he plays hard every time:' 

At the forefront of the team is 6-
foot-6-inch Smith, who adds some size 
as the team's tallest player and controls 
the middle part of the court. 

"My role on the team right now 
is [to bel the No. I middle blocker," 
Smith said. "I'm trying to set a, stan-

said. 

" [Sexton] 
brings out energy 
and works hard on 
every dig;' Smith 

Sayers agrees that Sexton's work 
ethic earns him the respect from his 
teammates. 

"Every player brings something 
unique to the team, but we look to 
[Sexton] and [Dierdorff] for leader-
ship;' Sayers said. 

Despite this great cast of characters, 
so far, the team is 1-8 for the season 
and 0-6 in the Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation. 

The Tritons' record is a long way 
from the team's goal of making the 
playoffs and Mth 16 MPSF matches 
left on the schedule; even eight or 
nine wins won't guarantee a playoff 
appearance. 

"It's a goal in the back of our heads, 
but we nec:d to figure out how to get 
comfortable winning:' Smith said. 

But before you label the team mem-
bers as losers and stop reading, there 
are a few things you have to know. 

The Tritons are a Division-II team 
competing in a league of 12 schools, 
where II are Division-I institutions, 
including the past two NCAA national 
champions, Pepperdine University 
(2005) and Brigham Young University 
(2004). 

''A lot of people see our record and 
don't realize that we're baSically in the 
best conference in the nation," Sayers 
said. 

The Triton players don't receive any 
scholarships, so few volleyball players 

[CHOI, page II 1 

tHURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2006 ______________________ _ 

UCSD Musters Late Surge for Win 

GREG DAlE/GUARD/;\N 
Junior pitcher Todd Gimenez started in the Tritons' home opener against Point Lorna Nazarene 
University. He allowed three unearned runs in UCSO's 9-6 come-from-behind victory. 

By Rae! Enteen the fLrst inning unscathed. However, 
SPORTS EDITOR when Walker broke for second before 

In a game marred by three defen-
sive errors, the UCSD baseball team 
showed its perseverance, coming 
back from a five-run deficit to beat 
Point Lorna Nazarene University, 9-
6, in the season opener. 

The ganle could not have started 
any worse for the Tritons and start-
ing pitcher, junior Todd Gimenez, 
as the Sea Lions took advantage of 
sloppy play to score the first five runs 
of the game, all unearned_ With two 

' outs, senior second baseman Kellen 
Walke.r on first and junior designated 
hitter Robby Jacobson at the plate, 
the Tritons seemed poised to end 

Gimenez started for the plate - set-
ting up an easy pickle that should 
have dosed the inning - Ginlenez's 
throw to fll'St went sailing toward the 
fence., alIoMng Walker to advance 
to second safely. A few pitches later, 
Jacobson drove a line drive up the 
middle for a base hit, scoring Walker 
and putting the Sea Lions up 1-0. The 
next batter, sophomore outfielder 
Kurt Steinhauer, crushed a deep ball 
to left field that appeared foul; howev-
er' the umpire signaled a home run, 
giving the Sea Lions a 3-0 advantage 
and forCing Triton head coach Dan 
O'Brien out of the dugout to argue. 

"The umpire missed it, flat out," 

O'Brien said. "He thought it went 
over the pole, but it just went over 
the fence. He clearly didn't see it well 
and I just made sure that he knew he 
missed that call:' 

While the Tritons should have 
been preparing for the bottom of the 
inning after the near pickoff, they 
instead saw Point Lorna post three 
unearned runs and force Ginlenez 
toward a high pitch count. 

After the Tritons fmally got out 
of the top of the first, down by three, 
they cameto bat needing to respond. 
UCSD put together two singles by 
freshman second baseman Tim 
Mort and junior shortstop Jonathan 
Erickson. However, senior outfielder 
David Gomez left both men on base 
after striking out on a breaking ball 
in the dirt to end the inning. 

After Gimenez mowed down 
Point Lorna in the top of the sec-
ond and UCSD came up short in 
the bottom half, Triton senior T.e. 
Geach came in to relieve the fatigued 
starting pitcher in the third. Errors 
allowed the Sea Lions to increase 
their lead again, this time on two 
wild pitches that got by junior catch-
er David Morehead. 

"I have to take personal responsi-
bility because it's my job to catch it," 
Morehead said. "I just need to work 
in the bullpen on keeping the ball in 
front of me." 

Despite having no hits, Point 
Lorna scored two runs on the passed 
balls to up its advantage to 5-0. :The 
Tritons finally got their offense going 
in the bottom half, cutting the Sea 
Lions' lead to three Mth a two-run 
inning, thanks to RBI singles from 
Morehead and Gomez. 

In the fourth inning, UCSD and 
Point Lorna scored a run apiece to 
keep the Sea Lion lead at three. It 
wasn't until the bottom of the sixth 
that the Tritons rallied and took their 
first lead of the game. 

Still down 6-3, UCSD got a one-
out Single from freshman pinch hit-
ter Garret Imeson, followed by a walk 
to freshman DH Matt Cantele. Both 
runners advanced on two passed 
balls, with Imeson scoring and 
Cantele stopping at third. Cantele 
scored one pitch later on Mort's sac-
rifice groundout and brought the 
Tritons Mthin a run. With two outs, 
UCSD kept the rally going as senior 

[ BASEBALL, page II] 

Softball Returns Home with Wins Over Redhawks, Warriors 

GREG D AlE/GUARDIAN 
Junioroutfielder Brittni Carino divesfor the bag during the Tritons'season-opening doubleheader 
against Point Lorna Nazarene University on Feb. 8. The teams split the two games. 

Tritons extend record 
to 5-1 after Best of the 
West Softball Classic 
and prepare for weekend 
tournament in Phoenix. 

By Lauren Kato 
STAFF WRITER 

The UCSD softball team rounded 
out its final day at the Best of the West 
Softball Classic in Thrlock. Calif., 
with five wins and a sound overall 
record of 5-1. On Feb. 5, the last day 
of competition, the Triton women 
trounced Seattle University in game 
one and defeated the host team, Cal 
State Stanislaus, in the fmal game of 
the tournament. 

The Tritons ended the weekend 
with one loss, tied for the tournament 
title, but with tiebreakers factored 
in, the team ended up third, behind 
Cal State Stanislaus and Cal State 
Bakersfield. 

The Tritons earned a 5-1 record 
in the tournament over three days of 
doubleheader competitions. After top-
ping Central Washington Univer ity, 
Notre Dame de Namur University 
and Grand Canyon University and 

falling to No. 1 Humboldt State in 
the first two days of competition, the 
team came into day three with a 3-1 
record and a chance at the tourna-
ment title. 

In game one on Feb. 5, the Tritons 
promptly launched an offensive attack 
against No. 12 Seattle University. 
UCSD tallied an impressive 13 hits in 
the game, which propelled the team 
to victory with a fmal score of 7-3. 
Senior shortstop Desiree Franciscus 
led the team with a game-high three 
hits in four at-bats and scored a run 
in the winninC effort. 

Sophomore pitching sensation 
Melissa Ward threw her third-straight 
complete game, bringing her record 
to 3-0 on the season. Ward allowed 
three runs. on 10 hits and had two 
strikeouts, bringing her E.R.A. to a 
miniscule 1.25. 

"\ have never seen Melissa pitch 
as well as she did," head coach Patti 
Gerckens said. "Her composure on 
the mound was remarkable." 

In the tournament nightcap, 
the Tritons served host Cal State 
Stanislaus its first loss of the sea-
son, battling back from a deficit 
and winning the bout 9-6, thanks 
to a four-run fifth inning. UCSD 
started with a three-run first and 

extended its lead to four with a run 
in the second. However, Cal State 
Stanislaus fought back with a five-
spot in the third, extinguishing the 
Tritons'lead. UCSD scored the tying 
run in the bottom half of the third, 
only to see the Warriors go ahead by 
a run in the rUth. But UCSD fought 
back in the bottom of the fifth with 
four runs to regain the lead. This 
brought the end of the scoring in 
the game, with UCSD holding the 
advantage, 9-6. 

Sophomore shortstop Elizabeth 
Vazquez continued her batting ram-
page in the nightcap, adding two 
more hits and two RBIs, while junior 
catcher Nikki Palmer added a hit and 
drove in a run in the win. 

Sophomore pitcher Nicole Fullerton 
relieved freshman starter Lauren 
Chastain and threw 3 2/3 innings to 
pick up the win. Ward pitched the final 
\ 1/3 innings, picking up two more 
strikeouts and the save. 

After an impressive showing in 
tournament, the Tritons split their 
doubleheader against Point Lorna 
Nazarene University on Feb. 8, but 
details were unavailable at press time. 
Next up, from Feb. 16 through Feb. 
18, the team will play in the Schutt 
Sports Toumanlent in Phoenix. 


