
SUPER PIGS - ANOTHER QUICK FIX ~ OPINION, PAGE 5 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

AGENCY 
RENEWS 

ALZHEIMER'S 
FUNDING 

Pioneering campus 
study on the disease 
receives $52 million in 
grants from National 
Institutes of Health. 

By Christinaffomer 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Last month, the National Institutes 
of Health announced that it would give 
$52 million to UCSD's Alzheimer's 
Disease Cooperative Study to conduct 
clinical trials testing possible treat-
ments for the disease. 

According to a university press 
release, the money will be used over 
the next six years and is the third 
renewal of a cooperative agreement 
between the National Institute on 
Aging, a subdivision of the NIH, and 
ADCS, which coordinates the efforts 
of about 70 different participating 
research sites. 

The past three grants for this 
nationwide coalition total $92 mil-
lion. 

"This funding wiU 6e used to sup-

r STUDY, page 2 ] 

Students 
Promote 
Green 

Agenda 
CalPIRG and other 
student organizations 
are actively participating 
in initiatives to combat 
global warming. 

By Candice Wu 
STAFF WRITER 

This year, the California Public 
Interest Research Group and other 
campus organizations are focusing 
their energy - literally - on the 
Campus Climate Challenge through 
efforts to decrease global warming 
emissions and address environmental 
issues at UCSD. 

Over the next few weeks, Green 
Campus, a student organization in its 
third year at OCSD, is coordinating 
various events to raise student aware-
ness of on-campus energy usage. An 

[ GREEN, page 3 J 

HIATUS 

Not Quite 'Looney 

Week-Long Koala Sit-In Continu~es 

I )\ 
. I 

.. 

., 

PHOTOS BY ARASH KES HMIRIAN/G UA RDIAN 
Above: Eleanor Rooseuelt College senior and Koala Editor in Chief Dauid Gregory hmtdcuffed himself to a couch in the Student Center Media Lounge to protest the newspaper's impending 
eviction from its offices. Below: John Muir CoUege alumnus Michael Niaani distributes the Koala newspaper to students in Earl Warren College. 

By Matthew McArdle 
NEWS EDITOR 

Members of UCSD's controversial 
satirical student newspaper th~ Koala 
have staged a round·the·clock sit-in 
since Oct. 26 to protest the universi· 
ty's decision to evict the organization 
from its Student Center office foUow· 
ing allegations of possession of illegal 
drug paraphernalia and alcohol. 

The Koala members were ordered 
by interim University Centers Director 
Paul Tenino to vacate the premises of 
their Media Lounge office space by 
Oct. 25 because the locks would be 
changed at 8 a.m. the foUowing day, 
according to Koa}Q Editor in Chief 
David Gregory, an Eleanor Roosevelt 
CoUege senior. 

However, the locks were never 
changed. Instead, the door to the 
Koa}Q's office was removed "sometime 
during the night" of Oct. 26, Gregory 
said, although he said he did not know 
who was responsible for the removal. 

"I don't see how our not having a 
door would benefit us," Gregory said. 

At least one member has been 
present in the Meclia Lounge since the 
sit-in began. Gregory haS handcuffed 
himself to the lounge's couch multiple 
times since last week. In addition, stu· 
dents delivered a petition protesting 
the eviction in the form of John Muir 
CoUege alumnus and former Koala 
member Michael Nitzani's half-naked, 
signed body to Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Joseph W. Watson 
later that day. 

Watson stated in an e-mail that 
he listened to the protestors briefly 
before walJting away. 

"As long as the protest does not 
violate the law, campus regulations or 
the student conduct code, I have no 

SPORTS 

opinion on it,~ he stated. "Individuals 
have a constitutional right to express 
their views." 

Although Nitzani, known to col-
leagues as "Dirty Mike," was lying 
on top of a door at the time of the 
petition's delivery, the door was 
not from the Koala office, accord-
ing to Gregory. However, Assistant 
Vice ChanceUor of Student Life Gary 
R. Ratcliff stated in an e-mail that 
Student Center personnel told him 
while the protestors were marching 
to the ChanceUor's Complex that the 
door to the office was missing. 

The protests come in the wake 
of a discovery of . prohibited items 
in the organization's office in June 
after Commuter Student Services 
Manager Deborah Gordon passed by 
the office and noticed a marijuana 
bong and bottles of liquor in plain 
sight. Gordon caUed university polia. 
who confiscated the items. 

"I used a narcotics test kit to test 
a small piece of a dried green leafy 
substance from the bowl area of the 
bong," UCSD police officer Christine 
Greer stated in the official police 
report. "The substance tested positive 
for marijuana" 

According to the University Centers 
. Web site, any discovery of aIcoboI or 

illegal drugs automatically results in 
an organization losing its space essign-
menl Organization.~ are entitled to 
appeal an eviction, although Terzino 
said that this eviction is the first to 
occur "in a long time." 

Ratcliff stated that KoakJ mem-
bers have until Nov. 6 to submit their 
appeal in writing. induding all evi-
dence the members believe warrant 
the appeaI; and that he would review 
an appeaI and have a raponse by 
Nov. 9. 

Early Wake-Up Call 

.My decision wiU be final; he 
stated. . 

Before KoakJ members submit any 
appeal request to Ratdiff, Gregory 
said, they will investigate other 
options, incJuding taking the issue 
to -RatcIiff's bosses" or the UCSD 
Judicial Board. 

• [Ratcliff] is kidding himself if he 
thinks [the review) is going to he sat-
isfactory; Gregory said. ·We want our 
fucking office back, and we want the 
alleged r marijuana) residue back.8 

Though no hearing has been set 
and some appeal options are avail-
able. the University Centers Advisory 
Board has aheady selected other stu-
dent organizations to take the Koala's 
space in the Media Lounge. 

In an e-mail obtained by the 
GUIlrditm, UCAB V"tce Chair SoheyI 
Tahsildoost offered the space to 
UCSD's Mock Trial organization due 
to an "unexpected vacancy" in the 
Mtdia Lounse- No other organization 

that shares an office in the lounge is 
being evicted. 

According to Tenino, the Koala's 
eviction is for this academic year 
only, and the newspaper would be 
allowed to apply for office space again 
next year. The Koala's funding, which 
amounts to approximately $5,100, wiU 
not be affected, and members will still 
be allowed to access computers in the 
Media Lounge. 

The Koala, which has been a regis-
·tered UCSD organization for 25 years, 
has had a historically rocky relation-
ship with the university because of its 
controversial satirical content. 

Gregory said that "certain fac-
tions" of the administration are 
biased against the group because of 
the newspaper's content. 

"The administration has ntilroad-
ed us," he said. 

Readers can contact Matthew MeA rdle 
at matt.mcardle@gmail.com. 

INSIDE WEATHER 
New Business ......................... 3 
Editorials .................................. 4 

Spih and Mfh breaJc out the best 
amateur for their festival ofaninraaru~ 

Men's and womenl dive team slip up, losing their 
first meet of the season to the university of Utah. 
page 16 

letters to the Editor .............. 5 
Album Reviews ...................... 9 

Nod Nod 
H70 L56 H69L55 

page 8 Druthers ................................ 10 Nod Nod 
Crossword ............................. 13 Hn L55 H75L56 



2 NEWS 

SHORTY 

CURRENTS ------
The Sunny Side of 
Ultraviolet Light 

Researchers from UCSD's 
Moores Cancer Center have 
found an apparent relationship 
between exposure to sunl ight, 
namely ultraviolet B radiation, 
and reduced incidence of ovarian 
cancer. 

The study used worldwide 
data through a new tool called 
GLOBOCAN, which is a data-
base of cancer incidence in 175 
countries. 

When scientists plotted the 
occurrence of cancer in these 
countries according to latitude, 
they produced a parabolic curve, 
with lower incidences of cancer 
lying closer to the equator. 

impressively, they did it in record 
time - less than three hours. 

The grou ndbreaking si mula-
tion was done for the Critical 
Assessment of Structure 
Prediction competition, a con-
test among scientists to predic t 
complex protein structures in 
order to design effective drugs. 
This three-dimensional model 
was dependent upon Universi ty 
of Washington professor David 
Baker's Rosetta Code. 

Th is representation rei ied on 
more than 40,000 central pro-
cessing units of IBM's Blue Gene 
Watson Supercomputer, a sys-
tem that was installed at the San 
Diego Supercomputer Center. 

THE UCsD GUARDIAN 

BY NANDINI DATTA 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 

...... a.w 

Andrew NgU)'l!n MMIPoI kIIDn 
Charles Nguyen 

Had~ ~ Capr&lllol 
~ McArdle .... EAIr 

~Miklos 0pW000 ~ 
NitaStle ~i .wocWe 0pI0I000 ~ 
Dina! ~tr SpaItI.-. 
NIdly""'" ..... SporII~ 

HInfta Camp ..... MIIr 
'M.ahew ......... Fee.£6r 
Simone WHoo,n 111M &-. 

liaGu .............. 
Ar .. h Keshmjrian ""* ..... 

Richard Choi DoIIIp &-. 
lennifer Hsu All'" 

E..w ...... 
..... ,.,... 

Michelle Loel~'=... w..IrShieu, 
Simone Wi...,.., MicNelWII, ICIINoon Yip 

Nini Bui, Th.1IIa ,~t=' KltoI, Will Union. _ n 
An". ~ CiIMIII-.... 
Mkhoel_ -.....-.. 
Mike Martinez -.....Art Dft.- . 

'immyl(an ........ ~ 
'oshRose ~ 

-T1~-­
...... -D~"iellCJ4. 1eJlilllu(ttin 

---.... George Chto. Uoora Pari< 
UVB is known to trigger the 

photosynthesis of vitamin 03 in 
the human body. This form of vita-
min 0 has been widely thought 
to reduce the risk of cancer, and 
this most recent study is one more 
step toward determining if this 
vitamin could be a resource for 
prevention. 

Ini tially, Baker's code had 
to be run in sequence, bro-
ken into smaller, more manage-
able amounts of data; however, 
the center's supercomputing 
resources could run the code 
simultaneously, providing for a 
dramatically faster process. 

The team was able to predict 
about 120,000 structures, great-
ly increasing the probability of 
finding the lowest energy con-
formation , and the high-speed 
process allowed more time to 
analyze those predictions before 
submission . 

Money Could Provide More 
Treatment Options For Patients 

-
lilY Buchin, Leo J.o, <;.ty f'orter 

The UCSD Cu,rdi.n I, published Mondays ind 
Thundays durinfl the ac __ ~If by UCSO stltdtnts 
and lor 1M UCSO (()f'at\Inl~ R.epodudlon 01 this 

=pe~::=.!or. .... = ~:..-::~ or~~i 
rililhh r'ftfrved, The. UCSD CulidiM ts ftOt responsible 
for the I'tbtft'I of uMOlicilied IftIftUtCripts or art. The 

~~w~~t:::f ~r~&goC:"'~~n~~~se~ 

Further research in this area 
is needed before making health 
recommendations. 

Drug Designing 
Continues to Accelerate 

Researchers at the San 
Diego Supercomputer Center, 
University of Washington and 
IBM have collaborated to create 
the largest protein-structure pre-
diction ever made. Even more 

Most noteworthy is the 
amount of time the process took, 
according to SDSC computa-
tional scientist Ross Walker. 

"All thi s was done within a 
day, with the calcu lation taking 
less than three hours," he stated 
in a press release. "Run in seria l, 
or on small clusters, as has been 
done heretofore, the process 
took many, many weeks." 

~ STUDY, from page 1 
port clinical drug trials and the devel-
opment of new methods of collecting 
data for future primary prevention 
trials:' Shiley-Marcos Alzheimer's 
Disease Research Center Director 
Leon Thal stated in an e-mail. 

Douglas R. Galasko, a physician 
working with the ADRC who stud- . 
ies proteins in blood and cerebrospi-
nal fluid as a way to help diagnose 
Alzheimer's and follow treatment 
effects, stated that one study supported 
by the funding assesses new methods 
for elderly individuals that will allow 
physicians to collect data without the 
need for clinic visits. 

Pursue your MASTER'S DEGREE 
at the UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO 

The Master of Science in Computer Science 
America excels at entrepreneurship and USF claims one of the top entrepreneurial 
business schools. The University of San Francisco oHers the classic MSCS in 
computer science and software development. along with an Emphasis in 
Entrepreneurship. The emphasis blends a classic Master's Program in 
computer science with MBA courses, including Global Product 
Development and Entrepreneurial Management 
The Entrepreneurship emphasis is offered by both the MS in 
Computer Science and MS in Internet Engineering Programs. 

Other Arts and Sciences Master's Programs: 
Asia Pacific Studies • Biology • Chemistry • Economics 
Environmental Management • Financial Analysis 
International and Development Economics • Internet Engineering 
Sport Management . Theology . Writing IMFA) 

Details? Call 41S.422.S135 or em3il asgrad@usfca.edu 
Application or Information Packet? www.usfca.edu/grad/requestinfo 

Visit these programs at: www.usfca.edu/asgrad 
Visit other graduate programs at: www.usfca.edU/grlduatl 

"The aim is to be able to conduct 
prevention studies more efficiently; 
Galasko stated in an e-mail. 

In addition, the funding will be 
used to test several new treatment pos-
sibilities. Researchers will test whether 
docosahexaenoic acid, an ingredient 
in fish oil, slows the progression of 
the disease. Another study will try to 
remove or neutralize a protein ttJ.ought 
to cause brain damage symptomatic of 
Alzheimer's by intravenously admin-
istering immunoglobulins, a mixture 
of antibodies that bind to the harm-
ful protein. A third study will assess 

[STUDY, page 7 ] 

California or Assodated Stlotdtnu.. The UCSD CIJI~i'n 
I, funded soI~ by ~erti'in8. thai', why they hlYf 
four arms. 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
e<!itor@ucsdguarc!ian.org 

News: 853-534-522&, n<wSl@uadRcwtHilII.Otg 
foc"" &16-534-5226. ' .. rureseuc.ilgUMdion"'IJ 
Hi.1lu§: ft5&.5J4..6S33. hiawsfWcsdguilldim.Otg 

Opinioo: &l6-53+M31. opin~illdi>n"'IJ 
5p"",, 11)8.5J4.6S62. spom@uadgu,"di.n.Otg 
Photo: 11)8.5J4.6S62. p/!OIo@ucsdguord;"'.Otg 

Advertising: 858-534-3466 
ads@ucsiiguardian.org 

Fax: 858-534-7691 

Need Extra Cash for the Holidays? 

~ 
.. , 
, 
t 

It's possible to cover everyone on your 
list and more working at HEPCat! 

HEPCat has tons of temporary 
part- time positions for: 
• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 

• Meeters & Greeters • Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

• Dishers 
We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality Industry! 
Daily & Weekly Pay! Work Today, Get Paid Tomorrow! F~ible 

Work Schedules! Group interviews! Open House take place on: 
Mondays thru Thursdays at 10:30 am, 1:30 pm & 4:30 pm SHARP! 

Se Habla Espanol! 
Apply Today, Start Tomorrow! 814 Morena Boulevard, 

Suite 210-San Diego, call (888)472-1829!! _ .HEPCat.jobs 

" ..........•. .., """ 
:iiii" : 
_ '" 111r .. 
, 
~1'!4~~;fj.~" : 

mlJII 
co/fcqc 

p,uklnQ 

J 

THURSDAY, NOV EMBER 2,2006 

A.S. Constitution Redraft 
Debate Not Much of a Debate 
I n anticipation of the A.S. tution commenced when Earl Warren . Council's vote to adopt a new College junior Senator Daniel Palay constitution, councilmembers brought to light whether the redraft 
initiated back-and-forth talks on would "give officers too much power 
several key issues, with two former in contrast with the senators." 
senators even voicing their opinions "Our principle is that anyone 
of the redraft during multiple public elected should vote:' Khanna said in 
input periods. defense of the redraft. 

Former John Muir College Senior Samia also showed support for 
Senator Adam Grant showed sup- the new cOnstitution. 
port during one of three periods. "If you have problems with 

"I like the new constitution as the nuances of [the new constitu-
a whole; the one tion) then that 
problem is the shouldn't stop 
senatorial body;' New you from vot-
Grant said. ing on it as a 
"Adding senators Busl-ness whole," Samia 
is the wrong way said. "Please 
to go. If anything, have faith in 
we shou Id be the amendment . 
reducing them:' 

Commissioner of Enterprise 
Operations Sydney Goldberg and 
University Centers Advisory Board 
Chair Conor O'Rourke presented 
plans and goals for the Price Center 
expansion, set to be completed in 
january 2008, with the support of 
Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student 
Life Gary R. Ratcllff. 

Thurgood Marshall College 
junior Senator Kyle Sarnia spoke 
about his involvement in an effort to 
lower parking fees for UCSD service 
workers. 

Next, Student Affirmative 
Action Committee Representative 
LaCandice McCray asked A.S. 
President Harry Khanna if there 
would be any student participation 
in selecting the new vice chancellor 
of student affairs. 

"The answer is yes, but students 
will make up 25 percent of the input:' 
Khanna said. "It only makes sense to 
have a student majority when search-
ing for a vice chancellor of student 
affairs." 

The debate about the new consti-

process:' 
Some councilrnembers expressed 

worry that student apathy could 
impede the redraft process. 

"I talked to a lot of students about 
the constitution and they don't care, 
which shows a need for change; 
said Thurgood Marshall College 
Senior Senator Adam Gardner. 

Khanna commented on the 
change of officer and senator posi-
tions. 

"Having an all-campus senate 
will allow us to address the most 
important issues at large," Khanna 
said. 

A roll call vote was initiated, set 
to end Friday at 4 p.m., allowing 
councilmembers to further contem-
plate the constitution and absent 
members to place'a vote. 

During the meeting, Khanna 
obtained 17 of the 18 votes needed 
to get council approval. 

If the redraft is approved, the 
vote will then go to college councils, 
four-sixths of which have to ratify 
the constitution in order for it to be 
finalized. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Colleges Compete 
in Conservation 

Contest 
~ GREEN, from page 1 
energy-saving competition began last 
week between Revelle College, John 
Muir College and Sixth College, where 
meters placed in participating dorms 
record energy consumption by on-
campus students for 29 days until Nov. 
22. The organization also set up a 
"Don't Be Spooked by Phantom Loads" 
booth at the Muir College Halloween 
Carnival to demonstrate to students the 
hidden energy draws of appliances. 

Together with the statewide orga-
nization Alliance to Save Energy, over 
1,100 compact fluorescent light bulbs 
were distributed to on-campus stu-
dents last month in an effort to replace 
less-efficient incandescent bulbs cur-
rently used by Housing and Dining 
Services. The CFLs, which cost about 
$2 more per bulb and last about 10 
times longer, cut over 75,000 pounds 
of carbon dioxide emissions and saved 
H&DS over $4,000 in energy expen-
ditures this year alone, according to 
CaJPlRG data. 

Along with the phantom load booth 
and energy saving competition, Green 
Campus is in the process of creating a 
freshman sem inar on energy sustain-
ability for winter quarter. 

"Hopefully that will take off and 
become a recurring freshman semi-
nar or even expand to a fuJI four-unit 
class that's possibly a Igeneral educa-
tion requirement] for at least one of the 
colleges," Ward said. 

In the future, even if Green Campus 
is no longer around. this seminar 
would continue to educate students on 
how they can help lower energy costs 
and sustain a cleaner environment for 
future generations, according to Ward. 

Last month, the UC Sustainability 

r GREEN, page 7J 

NEW 3 

NCAA .I .. _CD fII WEn IEIID. 
DIY.II @ 111 ...... 1H •• 1_ 2 

4:30pm Seattle vs . Seattle Pacific UCSI 7pm Western Wash; ngton vs. UCSD 2l1li ..... MlI_ 4 fIIIII 1 Ch 10nshf Game 



4 THE~GuARDIAN . 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Nathan Miklos 
opinion@ucsdguardiall.org OPINION 

~ Props to the first joint coIlqe festival between Rl!llelle and tart Warren t Colleges for fostering the all-campus spirit students hiM! been seeking. 
Flops to the lack of resources dedicated to ~.4 

. the Office for Students with Disabilities, 
which makes needy students walk. 

........................................... THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2,2006 

EDITORIALS 
Administration Needs to 
T read Softly With Koala 
Y et another media circus has arrived on campus and, not surprisingly, the ill-reputed Koala is in the middle of it. Even 
with countless sets of eyes focused student organizations in a Nov. 1 
on UCSD - news crews flocked e-mail obtained by the Guardian. 
this week to the Koala's sit-in pro- This is a risky move for the uni-
test for juicy sound bites and off- versity - the Koala's status as a 
color quotes - ' administrators traditionally controversial orga-
seem to be forgetting that just last nization makes administrators 
year, the university fumbled the more susceptible to charges of 
Student-Run Television scandal, stifling freedom of speech and 
drawing national media attention taking advantage of the situation 
with its reactionary shutdown. to harshly punish an administra-

Now, with its target set on tively unpopular organization. 
the Koala after a The univer-
cloudy drug and sity may have a 
alcohol bust in OFFICE SPACE right and per-
the paper's office, haps even an 
the administra- • Administrators need to obligati(,n to 
tion risks a1ienat- make sure that the Koala evict the Koala, 
ing students once eviction is handled fairly. but such a deter-
again. . mination needs 

Before an official appeal has to be made after a thorough, fair 
been submitted or any other fmal deliberation in which the paper's 
resolution has come in the case, staff has an opportunity to defend 
university officials are wasting no itself and all dimensions of the 
time moving in on the Koala's case are fully discussed. 
office space. The vice chair of Any preemptive action admin-
the University Centers Advisory istrators take to reassign the 
Board, Soheyl Tahsildoost, has Koala's office or condemn mem-
already offered "unexpected[lyl bers of the paper's staff before 
vacated'! space in the Student that point will only reflect badly 
Center Media Lounge (the loca- on the universitys sense of fair-
tion of the Koala office) to other ness and legitimacy. 

UC Can't Afford More 
University House Delays 
On some things, it seems, the University of California just can't win_ Trying to make a livable structure out of University 

House, which has historically the property. The house also 
served as the chancellor's resi - appeared to meet criteria making 
dence, is one of them. it a ,.protect "historically signifi-

The 55-year-old University cant building, the report stated. 
House has been a thorn in the To top it off, a representative of 
university's side since 2004, when the Kumayaay American Indian 
inspections revealed that the nation stressed the importance 
house has problems with erosion of protecting burial sites on the • 
and drainage, and is also in viola- property. 
tion of seismic codes. The build- Meanwhile, UCSD is spend-
ing was declared unlivable in the ing $6,500 per month to put 
summer of2004, C han cello r 
and after several ... ---------IIIIIIII Marye Anne 
attempts to raise RAZE THE ROOF Fox up in a 
enough money 1-__________ -1 La JoUa home 
to revamp or • More potential hoId-upI until University 
rebuild the house, on demolition planlmay House is made 
the university COlt the uniwetsity. livable again -
announced it to say nothing 
would try to sell L-________ ~ of the hundreds 
the property in April 2005. But of thousands of dollars that have 
after coming under fire from near- been spent on planning. 
by residents, the university never This board does not begrudge 
put the house on the market. the Chancellor a first-class resi -

The most recent plan is to dence, which also serves as an 
demolish the house and construct important site for fund raising 
a new one. But at a public hear- and entertaining guests. But weve 
ing last week, private firm PBS&J spent too much time and money 
released a report that found the already. The university needs to 
project could affect wildlife liv- pick the best plan for the site, and 
ing along the bluff adjacent to finish it. 

THE~UARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Heather Welles 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
Andrew Nguyen Matthew McArdle 

MANAGING EDITOR NEWS EDITOR 
Charles Nguyen Natlum Miklos 

MANAGING EDITOR OPINION EDITOR 
The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 

California at San Diego. Contenls 0 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the majority vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those of the 
UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Priscilla Lazaro 
: :.:::~:-::J ... 
.... ~ .. . 

::.- ... 
" -

_----~., ~"_ .. you. m.aIce lIZ\. effor't i.e.be smart, 
you do weu. If you. c£oza!~, you. 

... 

" 

~ studt: ia l,aq?" Well, 't .. 
pretty clear w.b.ez:e 'otA,~r. 

Fighting Crime With Reactionary 
Laws an Ineffective American Pasttime 
America's knee-jerk 
legislators rush to 
miracle solutions, but 
the public ends up 
with just a facade. 

By Melody Gaal 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

October began with blood on the 
ground. In late September, a gun-
man killed himse.lf and one of the 
hostages he had taken at a Colorado 
high school. Days later, a Wisconsin 
teen brought a shotgun and a ,22-
caliber pistol to his high school and 
killed the school's principal. Shortly 
afterward on Oct. 3, a man bar-
ricaded himself in a Pennsylvania 
school with an arsenal of weap-
ons, eventually killing five girls and 
himself. 

Only two days later, a Wisconsin 
state legislator proposed tbat the 
state offer firearms and training for 
its teachers, setting Qff a national · 
debate - and rightly so. While such 
reactionary m('asures may make us 
feel safer, they typicaUy do very 
little to warrant these feelings. "Like 
overweight people looking for a fat-
burning pill," Miami Herald colum-
nist Leonard Pitts Jr. wrote of the 
legislation, "we want magic solu-
tions that require no investment of 
time, tears or tolerance.w 

The Wisconsin bill is by no 
means the first knee-jerk bill to 
make it into a state legislature. 
Fueled by public outrage at tbe rape 
and murder of 8-year-old Megan 
Nicole Kanka by ber neighbor Jesse 
Timmendaques - a previously 
convicted sex offender - federal 
legislators quickly passed Megan's 
Law in 1996 to help states track 
sex criminals. And when 12-year-
old Polly Klass was kidnapped and 
murdered by a released inmate, 
California passed its "three strikes' 
law, designed to keep repeat crimi-
naJs off the street. But unfortunate-
ly, neither law has achieved what it 
set out to accompli$h. 

Megan's. Law stipulate'S that 
everyone has the right to know if a 
convicted sex offender moves into 
the neighborhood. It requires that 
states develop a procedure for noti-
fying the public when a person con-
victed of certain crimes is released 
near their homes. In CaJifornia, a 

public database lists convicted sex 
offenders so that anyone can iden-
tify and locate them. 

But the law has been heavily crit-
icized by police officers, prosec,utors 
and victims' rights advocates, who 
say that the law is not harsh enough 
and gives people a false sense of 
security. Parental knowledge of the 
number and location of convicted 
sex offenders in an area does not 
prevent those offenders from com-
mitting another crime_ More impor; 
tantly, the overwhelming majority 
of sexually assaulted minors were 
victimized by a family member or 
acquaintance, according to Bureau 
of Justice statistics. The database 
isn't really effective then, because it 
cannot prevent the vast majority of 
sex crimes from happening. 

m tofoneorafew 
specific tragic cases 

can lead to legislation 
that fails to address 
large and complex 

issues." 

'Furthermore, the database 
includes those who have been con-
victed of consensual crimes - such 
as public nudity, streaking, skinny-
dipping, public urination, mooning, 
sodomy and adultery - in addition 
to sexuaJ predators. In addition to 
creating.the faJse impression that 
children are safer. Megan's Law aJso 
wrongly shames some who don't 
necessarily fit into the "dangerous 
sex offenderw category. Most impor-
tantly, the law does very little to 
ensure that sex offenders will never 
commit crimes again. 

Similarly, California's three 
strikes law only gives the illusion 
that crime rates - and more spe-
cifically the repetition of criminal 

. behavior - aTe actually falling. 
The three strikes law In California 

followed one year after a similar bill 
wa. passed in Washington state after 
the murder of Diane BaJlaslotes, 
who was killed by a convicted rapist 
released from prison. After Klass' 

murder, CaJifornia wrote its own 
version, which proposed a term of 
life imprisonment witJiout possi-
bility of parole for persons con-
victed for the third time of certain 
specific violent or serious felonies. 
The measure .passed with an over-
whelming 72-percent majority, and 
by 2004, 26 states and the federaJ 
government had laws that satisfy 
the generaJ criteria for designation 
as "three strikesW statutes. 

But the laws have little effect 
on public safety. In 1999, George 
Washington University researcher 
James Austin examined the effec-
tiveness of the law in his article 
"The Impact of 'Three Strikes' and 
You're Out," and concluded that 
after examining CaJifornia counties 
that used different applications of 
the law, he found similar pre- and 
post-reform crime rates regardless 
of the county's policy of prosecuting 
strike cases. 

"Failure ". to either deter or 
incapacitate the high rate offender 
is limited to an inability to target 
high-risk offenders or to impose or 
create the perception of imposition 
of the law in a swift and equitable 
manner,w Austin wrote. 

Because three strikes laws apply 
to such a small proportion of the 
criminaJ population, they cannot 
be credited for reducing crime and 
repeat offender rates. In California, 
crime was going down before 'the 
law took effect, and has contibued 
to decline at the same rate_ And 
three strikes laws have problems of 
their own: often the third and final 
offense is relatively minor compared 
to the first two, but the offender 
nonetheless ends up in the slammer 
for life. 

While Megan's Law and the three 
strikes statutes may have made us 
feel better in the heat of the moment 
after appalling crimes, neither has 
accomplished its initiaJ goals. And 
in the wake of the horrific instances 
of gun violence in school. acrosa 
the country, we must tread carefully 
before rushing to pass reactionary 
laws that do little to address the root 
causes of the problem. 

Legislation drafted in the light 
of one or a few specific tragic cases 
often fails to solve the luse and 
complex underlyins issues - and 
lulls us into complacency with the 
feelins that we've accomplished 
somethins_ We deserve better from 
our lawmakers. J 

THU.RSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 

LE'ITERS TO THE EDITOR-
Proposition 87 a Must 
for California Economy 

Dear Editor, 
We need Proposition 87. As fossil 

fuels burn, they cause g10baJ warm-
ing that threatens our coastaJ cities, 
preventable diseases like asthma and 
America's debt to China to pile up as 
we borrow more to buy oil. 

Proposition 87 will cost voters 
nothing, yet it will ensure deaner, 
cheaper, healthier fuel for us all The 
stone age didn't end because they ran 
out of stones; the oil age won't end 
because we run out of oil. 

On Nov. 7, the future of our econ-
omy, our heaJth and our environment 
rests in the hands of California voters. 
Vote to empower yourself. You can 
make a difference. Don't be fooled by 
the empty talk of oil company ads. 
Support Proposition 87! For more 
information, go to httpJ/www.yesonS7. 
com. 

- Gavin Hudson 
Research Assistant on 

Climate Change 

Pick-A-Prof Services -
Free of Charge 

Dear Editor, 
Anartidepublished in the Guardian 

on Oct. 23 quoted campus administra-
tors as stating that Pick-A-Prof charges 
a fee for its academic services, when 
in fact all of its tools are available free, 

without any cost to the students or 
faculty on campus. 

At www.pickJIprojcom you can see 
how many As through Fs your profes-
sor gives. read student reviews about 
how to do well in a course, see which 
classes your Facebook friends are tak-
ing, buy and sell textbooks with other 
UCSD students and more - all for 
free. 

Some campus officials may not 
want you to use these free services, 
but over a million students across the 
United States can't be wrong. Though 
Pick-A-Prof may be new at UCSD, it 
won't be long before students find out 
for themselves that www.pick4projcom 
has the most comprehensive informa-
tion about professors and courses all in 
one place, free. 

-KannBng 
Director of University Relations 

Pick-A-Prof 

~ The Guardian wtkomes letters from 
its'muJns. All letters must be /10 longer 
tIum 500 words, typed, doubIe-~ 
anJ signeJ with a _ anJ applialble 
title. Letters must also contaiII a phorv 
number, We rr.serve the riglrt to edit 
for Imgth anJ darity. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guanlian uJJia on 
the ieamJ floar of the Student Center 
ore-maiIeJ. Send aD letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: 
letters@luadguanlian_org 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

'Better' Bacon, Yet Another Pig-
Headed Idea for Lazy Americana 
A mericans are ridiculous. The National Swine Resource and Research 
Center announced earlier this year 
that they have cloned pigs with a 
modified gene that causes them to 
create omega-3 fatty acids - which 
are found in fish and nuts, and are 
heaJthier for human consumption 
than other fats - in the place of 

Stealing 
:r the Shoe~ 

.... ~ Hadley Mendoza 
hsmendoz@ucsd.edu 

some omega-6 fatty acids_ That's 
right, thanks to thousands of dol-
lars and years of research and sci-
entific development, heart-healthy 
bacon and pork chops are on the 
way. 

But ". have we really reached a 
point where we'll mess with another 
mammaJ's genetic structure rather 
than moderate our fat intake? 

Some of the country's top 
researchers are now spending 
tremendous amounts of time 
and money - all in the name 
of gluttony. All that effort, just 
so Am~ricans don't have to adjust 
their diets to be heaJthy. We have 
reached a point of such laziness 

and indulgence that we're willing 
to go to ,overwhelming extremes 
in order to avoid making small 
changes to our daily routines. That 
is ridiculous. 

Take, for example, the new and 
slightly more fuel-efficient Hummer 
H3. Once upon a time, some clever 
entrepreneur took a combat vehi-

~erywhere you 
tum there is an 

advertisement for 
some miracle diet pill 
- just swallow this 
little baby and you'll 

lose weight ... ?' 

ele, painted it yellow, marketed it 
to high-maintenance 20- to 30-
somethings and thus the original 
Hummer was born. This testoster-
one-mobile sold pretty well, since 
Americans love shiny new toys; but 
as it turns out, tanks aren't the most 
fuel-efficient vehicles. So General 
Motors made a slightly more effi-
cient model to entice the "environ-
mentaJly friendl( demographic, 

pushing the bar up from about 11 
miles per gallon with the original 
Hummer to the H3's whopping 16 
miles per gaJlon. 

If financiaJ and environmental 
costs are the concern, I have the 
solution: Don't buy a Hummer. It's 
not as if the war zone of American 
suburbia demands a vehicle that 
can plow through three feet of 
water without drowning the engine. -
Carpooling, public transportation 
and good old-fashi,9ned walking 
shoes are all vastly more cost- and 
fuel -efficient than driving what 
is meant to be a military vehicle. 
Instead of spending thousands on 
a new and improved armored car, 
what people really need to do is 
grab $1.75 from the coin jar and 
catch the next bus - or what the 
hell, walk. 

What about those weight-loss 
pills that supposedly stop your 
body from absorbing fats? Ignore 
for a moment the fact that hard-
ly anything seen on an infomer-
cial actuaJly works, and consider: 
Rather than dishing out three easy 
payments of $19.99, why don't we 
all just put down the chocolates? 
Everywhere you lurn there is an 
advertisement for some miracle pill 
- just swallow this little baby and 
you'll lose weight without chang-

l SHOES, page 6 I 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
Visit our Web site to read stories, apply for a job or leave story comments. 

What IS law school? 
A place where convention is reinforced? 

Or more than that? 
A place to learn a broad repertoire of skills_ 

A rigorous curriculum in a supportive environment. 
An intersection of theory and practice. 

Explore the full potential of the ~aw 
in a school devoted to the big picture. 

CALIFORNIA WESTERN 
SCHOOL OF LAW I San Oiego 

What law school ought to be .... 



6 OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 

Trying to Lose Weight? Forget 
the Diet Pills, Try Moderation 
~ SHOES, from page 5 
ing your lifestyle one bit! 

In America, if you want to lose 
weight you can banish carbs from 
your life and still eat 10 pounds of 
beef a day. Or eat only South Beach 
diet-approved foods. Or consume 
only melon, malted milk balls and 
Siurpees. Why not stick with a bal-
anced diet of foods you like - and 
just eat less of them? You(J please 
your taste buds and get the right 
nutrients at the same time. After all, 
no one's fooled by 
that Hearty Lean 
Cuisine bullshit. 

16 miles to the gallon instead of 11 
or healthy pigs, all people need to 
do is make better choices and stop 
being lazy. 

For instance, take a refresh-
ing walk into a world away from 
American sloth: The other day 1 was 
out to dinner with two friends and we 
decided to catch a movie. As we left 
the restaurant, one friend began walk-
ing toward his car, ready to go to the 
theater. I was right behind him, ready 
to habitually drive wherever I needed 

to go. Then the 
other friend 

If you real -
ly want to lose 
weight, just go 
jogging a couple 
times a week 
and eat 200 or so 
fewer calories a 
day. Sure, it takes 
a little effort and 
discipline - but 
it's definitely 
healthier and 
more effective. 
Americans are 
too lazy to make 
changes such as 

We need to put an 
end to this nationwide 

sloth that has 

said something 
that hadn't even 
crossed my 
mind: "No man, 
let's just walk, it's 
right across the 
way." Gee, what 
a novel idea. Am 
I really so god-
damn lazy that I 
can't walk a few 
yards? That is 
ridiculous. 

overcome us and take 
some intiative, and 

while we're at it, chill 
out on the candy and 

shiny toys?' So we walked to the theater. 
And you know 

these to their daily schedule. It's more 
convenient to pour countless hours 
and dollars into the possible inven-
tion of an easy fIX. 

But this magical cure-all - much 
to the surprise of most Americans 
- doesn't exist, and often times the 
easiest fIX still takes effort or, at the 
very least, some restraint. We need 
to put an end to this nationwide 
lethargy that has overcome us and 
take some initiative, and while we're 
at it, chill out on the candy and 
shiny toys. Rather than exhausting 
resources and time to create a magic 
diet pill, an armored car that gets 

what? It wasn't 
that hard at all. 1 didn't have to exert 
any tremendous amount of energy, 
and my friend saved a few pennies 
on gas. Like that child's song, we just 
had to put one foot in front of the 
other. Simple. 

I guess what I'm trying to say is: 
Bacon just isn't an everyday food. So 
take a break from that daily sausage-
bacon-egg McMuffin and grab some 
fucking nuts instead of altering an 
animal's genetic code. 

Readers can invite Hadley to go cruisin' 
in their Hummers at hsmendoZ@ucsd. 
edu. 

J 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 

UCSD Nation's Third-Highest 
Funded Alzheimer's Program 
~ STUDY, from page 2 
whether low doses of lithium, a drug 
used for the treatment of depreSSion, 
will positively alter pathways impli-
cated in Alzheimer's disease damage. 

"If positive, this will lead to further 
attempts to use lithium or novel drugs 
that act via these pathways, to try 
to slow the progression of dementia; 
Galasko stated. 

According to ThaI, the work has 
already begun. 

"We are already working on set-
ting up our frrst two studies; Thai 
stated. · Subject enrollment will begin 
in January 2007 for our first clinical 
drug trial:' 

Galasko stated that researchers are 
. currently developing new instruments 
and testing methods in preparation for 
the full study. 

Currently, the ADCS has about 
1,000 subjects in trials nationwide, 
including about 30 at UCSD. Thai 
anticipates enrolling about 40 to 50 
more ' subjects for future trials. Most 
of the studies are conducted on an 
outpatient basis. 

UCSD receives the third-highest 

amount of funding from the NIH 
in the country, getting money for 
more than 600 active clinical research 
projects. 

"The methods and instruments 
developed by the ADCS have becqme 
the standard for use in clinical tri-

a�s throughout the worLd; Galasko 
stated. 

The goal of the ADCS is to fmd 
more effective treatments and eventu-
ally a cure for the disease. 

"Leon Thai is known worldwide 
for Alzheimer's research and VCSD is 
very fortunate to have him on campus; 
said Debra Kain, director of Health 
Sciences Research Communications. 

"Over 20 years ago [Alzheimer's] 
posed a tremendous research chal-
lenge and opportunity; Galasko stated. 
"Although we have made considerable 
progress in research, much remains 
to be done, particularly in bringing 
effective new treatments into the clinic 
that are able to slow the progression 
of disease:' 

Readers ca~ contact Christina Homer 
at chomer@ucsd .edu. 

Campus Dining and Housing 
Services Switching Bulbs 
~ GREEN, from page 3 
Steering Committee agreed to direct 
UC campuses toward a climate-neu-
tral environment, according to a 
CalPlRG press release. Next month, 
UC President Robert C. Dynes will 
decide on the proposal, which awaits 
action by the UC Board of Regents in 
January. 

In 2003, the UC system adopted 
the Green Building/Renewable Energy 
policy, an action that committed the 
UC campuses to use Leadership in 
Energy and Environmental Design 
standards when building new campus 
structures and to utilize 20 percent 
renewable energy by 2017. 

However, the state legislature's pas-
sage last month of AB 32, which puts 
a statewide cap on greenhouse gas 
em issions and sets a goal to red uce 
emissions to 1990 standards, displays 
the need for the UC system to follow 
the additional footsteps carved by the 
state government and et an example 
for colleges around the nation, accord-
ing to CalPIRG Campus Relations 
Coordinator Alana Hitchcock. 

"We're working to get the university 
invested in the idea so the administra-
tion can come up with its own plan [to 
use renewable energy] ; CalPJRG caro-
pus organizer Megan Seve.rson said. 

"We can throw out as many ideas as 
possible ... but the administration first-
ly has to agree that this is important:' 

Although the initial costs of transi-
tioning to alternative energy are usual-
ly more expensive th.an current meth-
ods, the long-term payoffs will be sub-
stantially rewarding - with increasing 
demands for renewable energy such as 
solar power, the cost~ of production is 
decreasing, Hitchcock said. 

In participation with the Campus 
Climate Challenge, CaIPI RG's long-
term goal is to guide the UC campuses 
to going climate neutral by 2050. Over 
300 college campuses in the V nited 
States and Canada currently partici-
pate in the challenge, and an estimated 
I ,QOO will take part by 2008, according 
to Hitchcock. 

"We want to raise student aware-
ness about their own impact - it's 
hard to change habits, but we need stu-
dents to think about energy saving so 
that when the time really comes to go 
climate neutral, the transition will be 
easier;' Hitchcock said. "The adminis-
tration already has this goal. But they 
want to see that the students want it 
and that they're committed to it:' 

Readers can contact Candice Wu at 
candiewu@yahoo.com. 

PUBLIC NOTICE 
The University of California, San Diego (UCSD) proposes to adopt a 

~ ~ DeoI8nltlon (MNO) for the Structural and Materials 
Engineering (S+ME) Building project. The project would be built on an 
approximately 4-acre site located in the West Campus, at the south-
west corner of the intersection of Voigt Drive and Matthews Lane. The 
PrOPOsed' project would consist of construction of a new 184,000 gross 
square foot (gsf) building that would provide Structural Engineering 
Workshop space, offices for S+ME and Visual Arts laboratories. The 
S+ME Building is designed as a four-story building with a partial 
basement. The building is envisioned as two blocks; the west block 
housing the 5+ME Laboratories and Visual Arts Studios, and the east 
block providing space for Engineering offices, assembly and support, 
and Visual Arts assembly, exhibition and computers. The new building 
would house approximately 60 new and existing faculty and approxi-
mately 200 new and existing gractuate students. In addition, the project 
includes two primary pedestrian routes through the slte, which would 
connect to a future Light Rail Transit (LRT). station, conceptually 
planned Off-site to the southeast. Lyman Lane located to the south of 
the project site, would be realigned and become a major pedestrian 
route called Lyman Walk which would be an extension of the existing 
Lyman Walk located to the west. 

Based on an Initial Study (IS) prepared for th, project, it has been 
determined that the project will not have a significant effect on the 
environment that cannot be mitlgatact. Therefore, an MND will be 
Issued. Coplas of the tiered 15/MND may be viewed at 
http://physlcalplannlng.ucsd.edu/pub_notlce.html or by contacting the 
UCSD Physical Planning Office at (858) 534-6515. The ...,Il10 mIew 
perIOII far tile ....... "/lIND" .......... D.DI .... s.st, 2OCI8, 
Any comments regarding the project or the IS/MND should be directed 
to th8 UCSD Physical Planning Offtce. . 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 7 

"DEEPLY SICH, BLE" 
UftERLY IRR~I · 

RIcHARD coRLISS, 

--.bWl_ 

111 __ ,= 
HDHIT 
" tiii!li HIU !'Ii ilM!! iUij ! "!PiiiliSliIY:. 

ESTANCIA 
LA JOLLA 

HOTEL & SPA 

NOVEMBER 3 
ONLY IN THEATRES 

9100 N. Torny PInes Road • La jolla. CA 92037 
ULH4.6S" 

....... ~~ 
0IIr\\iId HoncIIIr-FrktIr 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Simone Wilson 
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org hiatus 

THE BEST SONGS 
""s" IN HIATUS U ~ THIS WEEK 
d· · .H;n,. ILUt;~ 

TIle W.1kIIen l.Ioyd bilks 
a rts/enterta i nme nt • ' Cartoon Music for Superheroes" • ' Loop de loop' • ' You Know the Deal' 

• ' E'IeI)'One Gels a Star" • ' Many Rivers to Cross' • ' Iceman' 
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 2. 2006 .................. ~ ...................... ... 

Big 
:ritne liorts . 

By JoshlUJ Christensen 
STAFF WRITER 

pike and Mike's Sick and Twisted Festival of Animation" is back 
in town. Playing at the Sherwood Auditorium through the end of 
November, this 90-minute film is a compilation of the rudest, 

crudest and occasionally cleverest animated shorts the world has 
to offer. Chosen from over 700 submissions, then run through the 

"Gauntlet" at San Diego's Comic-Con International for audience 
approval, only the best survive for the exclusive show. 

"This is not a collection of artsy. 
fartsy animations; producer Craig 
"Spike" Decker said. "We are cater-
ing to the college croWle 

Born as a t ime-killer while living 
in a place "straight out of 'Animal 
House'" with his buddy Mike 
Gribble, the festival indeed provides 
adequately depraved, boob ie-loving, 
gore-soaked, racially skewed and 

politically incorrect humor. 
"But it's not all fart jokes; he said. 

"Humor is the number-one thing. 
and that means accessible narratives 
and expert timing." 

La Jolla's Museum of 
Contemporary Art is a strangely 
prim venue for a showing of the 
world's most perversely funny car-
toons, where audience members are 

Bring Your Ballot Box 
for Too-Timely 'Babel' 

COUIlTESY Of PAIIAMOUNT VANrAGI 
AdmsXirudtiRinhladrIIa ...... to ....,...,,....,.., ............ ,,,, 
and CateBlantlrllt,"""'a~""""' __ If""'''' .,. 

checked for 18-plus !D, handed a 
barf bag by an individual in a yellow 
chicken costume and shown to their 
seats by a giant whoopee cushion. 

The film opens with several sexu-
ally perverse animations designed 
with one goal: to make quick use of 
that barf bag. With imagery rang-

[SHORTS, page 12 ] 

By CIIaria Npyaa 
SENIOR STAff walTH Borat 

**** 

~rring Brad Pitt, Gate Blancl1ett 
iIIld Gael Gartia Bemal 

Ilffllldid liv Alejandlo Gonzalellnarritu 
Rated PG-13 

s~ SacfilSarun Cohen and Ken Davitian 
Directed by Larry Charles 

Rated R 

The Stars 
Who Stole 
My Favorite 

Things 
Imitation is usually weakly defended as a form of flattery, but when the power to recreate falls into the wrong hands 
- and wrong they usually are, when 
famous enough to. be instantly granted 
any pre-created work of genius to mud-
dily fondle - the need for credentials 
beyond "because I can" becomes hope-
lessly evident. 

Narrow. 
SIMONE ELECTRA WiLSON 

siwilSOl1@UCSd.edu 
I don't care if Britney wants to do 

a Little burnl -oul Joan lett or Christina 
thinks she's some resurrected soul sister 
(her songs even have the crackle of old-
time recording to prove it). No one takes 
such celebrity fodder seriously - let the 
pretty girls have their fun, right? 

Recently, though, Angelina Jolie and· 
Scarlett Johansson, toppers of virtually 
every hot list in America (and the former 
probably· every remote African village), 
have decided that being the most desir-
able pair of tits with any son of talent in 
the business isn't enough for their intd-
lectually starved souls. 

Jolie has requested, to instant approval 
of course, the role of Dagny Taggart in a 
2008-s1ated Lion's Gate adaptation of Ayn 
Rand's "Atlas Shrugged." If you haven't 
had the cultishly brilliant experience of 
reading said novel, feel free to move on 
to the bit about Johansson. If you have, 
surely you reel with the same utter disgust 
I feel in even beginning to consider Jotie's 
pooked-out smirk imitating her inter-
pretation of determined genius. Number 
one, Taggart is not supposed to be hot, 
gangly, busty or chronically annoying, 
all of which the socially ambitious snob 
is. Looks aside, Taggart stands for some-
thing Iolie does not - I'm not sure if Mrs. 
Adopt -Everything-That -Breathes realizes 
her railroad-running heroine was mostly 
against helping people. The image of Jolie 
snobbishly and ignorantly identifying 
with such a superior mind is enough to 
make me lose my lunch. 

All right, since I'm starting to sound 
like a Rand -crazed victim of objective 
philosophy, I'll move on - but not before 
mentioning that Brad Pitt wishes to play 
John Galt. Enough said. 

So here Johansson saunters in, rub-
bing her raspy musical salts into liter-
ary wounds by selecting the songwriting 
closest to my heart as inspiration for her 
spring 2007 album SCQrlett Sings Tom 
Waits. It's certainly a safer choice than 
revealing her own attempts at writing. 
as shea surely fall victim to the harsh· 
est stabs of hottie-hating from holed-up 
Internet critics, but dear God, why Tom? 
I suppose the predictably offbeat choice 
does line up well with all other aspects of 
her public image: mature girI-nm-door, 
mussed sheets, coffee-and -cigarette news-
paper browsing, Billie Holiday fine-wine 
schmoozing and other such introspective 
bullshit. But on "Summertime; a track 
Johansson contributed to a celebrities-
do-classics compilation, she lost a little 
of the smoky coal that sexes up her lines 
onscreen. This isn't a good sign. consider-
ing she's covering the meatiest scratch of a 
voice this side of the Grim Reaper. 

There are times and places for such 
indulgences - say, the shower - and I 
only wish theirs weren't 10 unavoidlbly 
pubLic. From celebrities dnigned to pro-
vide entertainment, though, these ICU of 
oblivious foolery do fulfill such duties. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 9 

recordingsv--------
. Albert H.ammond, Jr. 
• Yours to Ke.p 
ROUGH TRADE 

**, 

Albert Hammond Ir., better known as the Stroke with big hair, has decided to go solo. It was never quite clear what he 
did for the Strokes, considering Nick Valensi 
played tile solos and Julian Casablancas wrote 
the songs. so Yours to Kup seemed an oppor-
tune chance for Hammond to reveal his own 
musical voice; unfortunately, too many years 
with the band reveal a songwriter struggling to 
find his own identity. 

Phase one: blissful ignorance. The CD's 
shiny and colorful packaging is ripped open 
to reveal tiny keyboards and Pet Sounds har-
monies on first track · Cartoon Music for 
Superheroes." The song's dreamlike quality is 
pleasantly unique, holding the promise of a 
diverse album. 

As "Superheroes" fades into second track 
"In Transit; though, sparse drums are replaced 
with the signature bang of Strokes drum-

The Walkmen 
• "Pussy Cats" Starrinl til. Walkm.R 
RECORD COillCTION 

***, 

Pussy Cats· Starring the Walkmen is a long-for-song replica of an album released in 1974 by Harry Nilsson. It's enjoyable 
enough - the music is upbeat, jaunty even 
- with all horns and pianos and raucous 
drums. And Hamilton Leithauser's scratchy 
Dylanesque drawl is a great match for later-
life Nilsson's. But that's the exact point of 
contention: It's all been done before. So why 
put time and money - they' ll be pulling the 
material for their upcoming tour off of this 
album as well - into a seemingly redundant 
endeavor? 

Is it a joke? A simple tribute? Or does 
music have some intrinsic value that is re-
established with every new recordins or jam 

lloyd Banks 
• Rotten Appl. 
G-OO RECORDS 

** 

In his second solo effon, G-Unit affiliate Uoyd Banks captures the rotten aspects of life in the Big Apple, summed up by track "NY NY" -
· We grimy, we dirty! We New York. New York." 
Banks' lyrical content fits the mold of typical East 
Coast gangster rap, glorifying guns. money, cars 
and women on dark beats that utilize minor-key 
piano rifts and synthesized samples straight out 
of a retro horror movie. 

Unlike his other work, on which Banks kept 
the- listener interested with witty punch lines 
like, "Touchin' my doorbell's the only way I put 
a ring on your finger; Apple is concentrated 
with over-the-top rhymes that don't back them-
selves up. In '"Gilmore's; he raps, "Just a whole 

mer Fabrizio Moretti, toy keyboards evapo-
rate into stock guitar and Hammond starts 
screaming about freefalling like Casablancas 
doing Tom Petty. If there is one classic rocker 
worth despiSing, it would have to be Petty 
- Hammond'$. recycling of one of his most 
overused lyrics shakes off any leftover bliss 
and introduces phase two: bitter disillusion-
ment. 

The rest of the album follows suit, using 
a variety of post-punk beats and riffs that 
sound, well, like the . Strokes. All this would 
be somewhat forgiven if Yours to Ktep were 
Casablancas' solo record, but coming from the 
rhythm guitar player, it's disappointing that 
his writing style draws so heavily from the 
band from which he is making a break. 

- Jesse Kivel 
STAFF WRITER 

session or concert, even if there is no innova-
tion involved? 

Other artistic fields get away with it -
some painters dedicate their lives to copying 
what they see in front of them as precisely 
as possible, and what's photography if not 
the seizing of a moment that has already 
been experienced to later share with others? 
Are musicians held to a different standard? 
Perhaps we can forgive the Walkmen and just 
appreciate, maybe for the first time, the cre- . 
ativity of a man who died over a decade ago 
and its precise replication. 

-'-Jessie Godfrey 
STAFF WRITER 

lot of anger! Mind of a leader! Drama of a gang-
banger." Unlike the greats of his genre, Banks 
fails to paint the picture behind his topics or 
provide detailed narratives for such drama. 

Despite an overalllac1duster effort, the album 
does contain some tracks worthy of mention, 
such as the feel-good, Musiq Soulchild-assisted 
"Addicted," a formulaic party anthem with 50 
Cent on the hook. Another standout, "Iceman," 
features fellow G-Unit member Young Buck and 
Southern rap icons Scarface and 8BaII. 

Lloyd Banks performs at 4th & B on Nov. 6. 
- Parltam NabatUJ 

CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Above Cal COPY. Icross frlllTl EI Torilo and Rock Bottom 
------------,------------1 : _,aile 1M BUY 5 for I ..,.., 5 'MI I 
,or ...... only I ..... I 
I _pNIOIItUC5D la,S": Including Mystic and Ultra I 
, n bp. 12/02lIl6 or..." Set solon lot doIoIIs. bp. 12102J06 I ~ ____________ L ________ J __ J 

'i'll. UMLIMII8) :_,all, 1M ,/ : 
:- :==1~1~1~1 
I ' I Set solon lot dotaIIs. I First time customers only. bp.. I 
I bp.121OV06 12102J06 .------------~-----------~ 

JEAN-PHILIPPE SALON 

FREE HAIRCUT 
WITH ANY HAIR COLOR SERVICE 

FOR AN APPOINTMENT CALL: 
858551-9515 

7865 HERSCHEL AVENUE. LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
WW'N.JEAN-PHIUPPEsALON.COM 

HAIR MODLES NEEDED FOR SALON TRAINING SESSIONS 

StanfOrd University Biodesign Program, 
James H. Clark Center, 31B Campus Drive. Rm. El00. 

Stanford, CA 94305-5428 

ANNOUNCING: 

Now Accepting Applications 

2007-2008 Biodesign Innovation Fellowships 
learn the process of biomedical technplogy innovation through an intensive 
fellowship at Stanford University, 

Fellows learn-by doing-the key stages of the biodesign process: identification 
and verification of clinical needs, invention, prototyping, parenting, early-stage 
testing, regulatory and reimbursement, planning and financing. 

APPLICATION DEADUN~: 
CUNICIANS: September 30, 2006 AlLOTHERS: November 30,2006 

APPLY ONUNE: http://lnnovltlonoStanford.eclu/ 
For further InfonNtIon contact: 
bIodesIgn~nford.edu 
TeI:65073611C1O 
Fax: 650 7248696 

GET IN THURSDAY COUPONS! CALL 858-534-3467 

BI& BURRITOS. Ckipotle. 



10 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 

Politics Drag D.own Clever 'Babel' 
~ BABEL, from page 8 

In Mexico, a native nanny innocently tries 
to cross the border with two children while 
their parents (Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett) are 
scrambling to survive Blanchett's freak gunshot 
wound in Morocco. There, police are hunting 
down the "terrorists" who fired lhe shot: a cou-
ple of unknowing boys playing with a gun. These 
two episodes alone carry the meatiest of the 
Nov. 7 slate: illegal immigration and American 
foreign policy. lnarritu's critique of each makes 
for nice sound bites, but with an over-aged and 
exhaustingly familiar Pitt leading the cast, how 
meaningful can this commentary be? 

Inarritu's films, an outlandish tour of "What's 
the Worst That Can Happen?" episodes, need a 
firm docket of actors to drive its extravagance. 
In "21 Grams," Penn sold himself as a heart 
transplantee who rails his donor's widow; Pin 
lacks the balls to even kick a Brit's ass for sug-
gesting he ditch his dying wife. In "21 Grams," 
Watts was incendiary as a substance-abusing 
widow who enlists her dead husband's organ 
recipient to kill an ex-con; throughout the film, 
Blanchett is always bitter, moaning from pain or 
making out with Pitt while she's peeing. 

Yes, "Babel" is at times that absurd, and the 
Blanchett -Pitt combo is too weak to carry such 
excessiveness. But leading man and woman 
aside, there is salvation. 

The film's third storyline features a deaf 
Japanese girl grappling with her disability in lhe 
tough face oO-pop teen life. The constant voyeur-
ism and pube shots accompanying her story again 
edge on brazen, but the gravity of lhe character's 
handicap - pbysically creating the woman-with-
out -a-voice motif - makes this plot string oddly 
endearing. Gael Garcia Bernal's drunken goofery 
and scene-stealing lines give the immigration 
issue a tender, human side. But again, the com-
mentary on today's news - this time the inhu-

. manity of border relations - becomes overt, 
especially wi th an overacting Clifton Collins Jr., 
who is apparently still sad he starred with Cuba 
Gooding Jr. in the face-flop "Dirty:' 

Inarittu's newcomers to acting are, ironically, 
the big-name film's redemption. And in a decade 
when the CNN prattle is human cloning, flying 
cars and the gender of Lindsay Lohan's sixth 
baby, "Babel" will lose its hollow timeline sand 
display its solid core: a rare, harsh and thrilling 
interplay of culture, society and language. 

'Borat' Plays Dumb for Mock-Doc Expose 
• BORAT, from page 8 
sexy" with Anderson's character, the pair visit 
high society dinners , women's rights groups, a 
gay pride parade and even get an interview with 
"a genuine chocolate face" - Washington, D.C. 
Mayor Allan Keyes. 

Re-creating a bit from his TV show in 
which he refuses to be booed off a baseball 
field , Cohen takes the scene this time to a Texas 
rodeo. Before singing the Kazakhstani nation-
al anthem to the tune of the "Star Spangled 
Banner;'. he declares to the crowd of rowdy 
cowboys and their southern misses that the 
Kazakhstani people support their · war of ter-
ror;' met with wild applause. Then, unflinching, 
he decrees: "May George Bush drink the blood 
of every man, woman and child in Iraq!" To 
this, the audience cheers even louder. But when 
the song begins, and they hear their beloved 

anthem subjected to out-of-tune gloating like 
"The glorious nation of Kazakhstan is best 
country in world/ All other countries suck," the· 
crowd turns murderous, and, according to press 
releases, nearly forms a lynch mob that Cohen 
and his crew barely escape alive. 

Cohen heroically stays true to his cause and 
never breaks character, even during repeat-
ed conflicts with local police, FBI and Secret 
Service agents who can't help but ':Vonder what 
this strange man, supposedly from Kazakhstan, 
and his seven -strong crew of miscreants are up 
to. They even earn themselves several arrests 
and a spot on the FBI's exclusive terrorist watch 
list. But the product delivers, soaked in layer 
upon layer of vicious toilet humor, lucid impro-
visation and scathing satire, acting as much a 
mirror to Cohen's extreme subjects as it is to 
his audience. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Barenaked 
Ladies 

• ••• • 
••••••• 
• •••••• 
• • ••• 

• ••• • 
• •• • •• 
•• •• • 

• •• 
•• 

HIATUS 11 



12 HIATUS 

• Orthodontics 
• Clear and "RerTlOlable" Braces 
• Lingual (behind the teeth) 
• General and Cosmetic Dentistry 

Straight teeth in 2 weeks with veneers 
• Oral Surgery & Implants 
• TMJ Dysfunction 

Call todoy for )<Jur FREE orthodontic 
consultation ~ learn about the latest techniques. 

. 01<0_ 
invisallgn 

Stroight t ..... no brocnl 
Invlsalign 
has iWirded 

.-;' ;r ....... Dr. George 
GeorgokJls 
""his 
etpMise 
ond Ill .. 
ranked him 
omongthe 
top S'llo In 
tM nation. 

Dental Associates of La JoUa 858/552-8620 ® MEMBER OF THE AMERICAN ORTHODONTIC SOCIETY, ADA. CDA AND SOCDS 4510 Eucutlve Drive. Sui" 106 (D..,. University Towne Centre) www.drgeorgedds.com 
Celebrating 26 Year~ of Sati,lied I'aticnh 

~LAnNIGHJ 
AT THE lONE 
0,.. ...... 2-
Fri. & hi. 

~PAmAiU 
lOl20lUEm 

ULTRAZONE 
3146 Sporn At .. It..! . • San Diego, CA 
0. .... (lSI.! so s,.m .... 

(619, 22H)JOO • www.IItm_ ....... _ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Students 
FIICheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From San Diego to: 

Fresno $151 Parts $395 

Denver $202 Naples $480 

$257 Hong Kong 

• C :. ·StudentUniverse.com 

[ R I TAG [fILM SATURDAYS 
LANGUAGE PROGRAM OCT. 28 - DEC. 2 

f The Linguistics Department's EST I VA L HeritageLanguageProgramoffers classes In commUnication and 
culture in five languages: Arab ic, Filipino (Tagalog), Korean, Persian, and Vietnamese. 
These courses are intended for individuals who have grown Up hearing or speaking 
these languages to some degree and who would like to improve their command of the 
language. To highlight this program, we will be showing a feature-length film in each 
Heritage language for the next several Saturdays, 

Saturday 
Nov. 1 

11:00 am 

The Broken Win8s 
(in Arabic with En8lish slbtiUes' 
This 1962 film by director Youse! Malouf 
describes the unhappy love affair bellVeen 

the young Lebanese poet and artist Khalil 

Gibran and his first love, Selma Karamy. 

All films will be shown in room 4301, Applied 
Physics & Mathematics Building (take main 
elevator to fourth floor, exit righ~ first room on 
right), Muir College. Refreshments will be pro-
vided! Free parking in Lots 206, 207, and 208. 

August 1&-November 12, 2006 

Featuring more than 80 works in a variety of media by the 
renowned Chilean-born Surrealist Matta and the pioneering 
urban conceptualist Gordon Matta-Clark, this groundbreaking 
exhibition is the first to fully explore the father and son artists 
side-by-side to reveal the lasting impact each had on the 
development of 20th-century art. 

0, 111(1111 trllS ZH1 dnd rpC'C'I\lI' (111'-' fr' f 1 jt1' '-, ,11~rl 
With th,· purf ') ,',f' flf .)11. ,<i ilt '<i'111 .',11, , 

Ofi0t j'Xt\llf)', No'..' ll f )"r 1.) <--) )1)\1 

This exhibition is OfgIIUed by the San DIego MIMMIm of M and Ie made poeaIbIe by 
the generous support of the Ardy Wwhot Founddon lor the VIIIual Arts. 1he Natiofwll 
Endowment for the Ms, the GqNm Foundation lor Advanced StudIes in the Fnr Arts. 
and the LEF Foundation. 

THURSDAV, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 

From Boob Slaps 
to Game Homages, 

Festival Runs 
Animation Gamut 
~ SHORTS, from page 8 
ing from interspecies pornography 
to analIy propelled flaming gerbils, it 
almost succeeds. (Rest assured, PETA 
members, the gerbil survives.) 

The first half of the show - before 
a much-needed intermission - is 
extremely crude and lackluster. Some 
of the shorts are barely a minute long, 
with amateur draWings and unexcep-
tionally basic humor; for example, 
one such clip poorly depicts a grin-
ning man standing above a naked 
and presumably dead blonde, slap-
ping her oversized breasts and glee-
fully watching as they wobble with 
gelatin sound effects, RoU credits. A 
few exceptions include the horrific 
yet perfectly rendered "Fools' Gold" 
and the choppy hysteric of "Cox and 
Combe's Washington." music video 
propaganda for America's first action 
hero, George Washington. 

The second half is much more 
refined. Heavier dialogue, scores with 
crashing baselines and gripping, sur-
real images let the originality taten.t in 
these amateur animators shine. "Pirate 
Baby's Cabana Battle Street Fight 2006; 
a five-minute black-and-white side-
scroUing action game reminiscent of 
"Double Dragon" and "Street Fighter," 
wiU be a gory luU for those unfamil-
iar with this style of two-dimensional 
gaming but a work of the highest art to 
anyone who has played such a game. 
Among the pop culture allies sum-
moned by the game's Japanese-tooking 
fighters are a beleaguered Christopher 
Walken and Walter from "The Big 
Lebowski; who shouts "You're enter-
ing a world of pain!" as he blasts apart 
thousands of baddies with his 9 nun 
pistol. RoU credits. 

Another memorabte clip caUed 
"How to Cope with Death" features 
sublime animation of a serpentine 
Death creeping eerily dose to an old 
woman in her rocking chair. When 
he pulls back to take a mighty swing 
at her with his scythe, Granny springs 
into action, and the battle rages around 
the room in a marvelous display that 
Decker called "one of the most beau-
tifully rendered [hand-drawn 1 ftlms 
ever made." The old woman buries 
Death beneath her flaming television, 
the wild music fades as she slowly 
retrieves a fire extinguisher and puts 
out the flame, then adjusts her under-
wear before exiting. Rotl credits. 

"Sick and Twisted" has been seil-
ing out since its debut 25 years ago, 
and Decker has high hopes for the 
future of his life's pursuit - like see-
ing his chosen cartoons televised or 
distributed through new systems like 
podcasts and HDTV. 

"I've progranuned all my life, and 
am still forced to watch immature stuff 
like MTV's 'Daria,- he said "The bar is 
set so low you can step over ie' 

He hopes that the extraordinary 
talent of these ambitious kids from 
across the globe can draw the audi-
ence they deserve. 

THURSD.A.Y, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 

•••••• 
• •• Sorry 

The CROSSWORD PUZZLE 
has this issue off. You (an 

see it online at 
www.vc5dgvardian.org/ 
eros 5 word'; ndex. h tmi 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

. THEstGUARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to da .. lfy, edit, ~ offensive words and pharses, 
andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification, The Advt!ftlser will not 
hold the Gwtdlan liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the adverti5ef for errorS. In order to be corrected In the next 
regulor issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD RItes 

Students: SS ,... :ao .... 
Facuhy & Staff: S7.so ,... 10'" 

All others: SIl ,... lCI .... 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

no.oo per column Inell 
DucIIlnes: 

....... send all corN., •• dlne. ........ CI8uIfIech 10: PtbIication Date Display Ads and [me Ads 
EVENTS UCSD ~n, Attn: CIusIfIech, 9500 IiIImMI DrIve 10316, ~ ...... , CA '2093. Mond8y .. ___ (1 M) Actual location: Student (eM., .. Room 117 • 1ItunMy .. lhun (1 M) 

The CiuM'dYn WWl't rip down ,our ftJwnJ 
Do you have something to tell UCSD? 
You don't need to plaster flyers all over 
the Price Center and watch them get 
torn down or covered over in minutes. 
Dig deep and cough up the 5 bucks and 
let the Guardian classifieds do all the 
work. That's 20,000 of your damn flyers 
in one week! That's right baby, both in 
the paper and on line at ucsdguardlan. 
org. Check ucsdguardian,org for easy 
instructions or just call us @ 858 534-
3466. Gitter donI!. (6n) 

~mail : adsucsdguardian@Yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Women's SocCII' NCAA Ktionl Today, 
4:30 PM & 7:00 PM and again Sat. Nov. 
4th at 1:00 PM. Be there or be chest-
butted. (11/2) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Hey world ... well, that's just a start. If I 
come up with more, l'tI buy a Classified 
ad in the Guardian! (11/2) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Mystery Shoppers. Earn up to $ 150/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover 
shoppers needed to Judge retail and 
dining establishments. Call 800-722-
<4791 . (11/30) 

Earn $800-S3200 a month to drive 
brand new cars with ads placed on 
them. www.DriveAdCars.com(tl/30) 

MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 
Restaurant In Del Mar is looking for a 
part time waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 am 
to 2:30 Mon thru Fri.; For Dinner: 4:15 
pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Part TIme: 

Minimum of 2 days on either Lunch or 
Dinner. Call Manager: (858) 204-4831 
bet. 10 am to 4 pm, Mon-Sat. (11/16) 

Teach fun Afterschool Enrichment 
Programs weekday afternoons. $20-30 
per one hour class. Apply online. www. 
madscience.org/sandiego or call 858-
505-4880. (11/6) 

TUTORS 
needed in most subjects. 

Call the Tutoring Network 
858-NET-WORK (858-638-9675J 

Hospitality staffing agency seeking 
experienced SERVERIBANQUET SERVERS. 
Part-time and weekend availability. Call 
(619) 238-5745. (11/8) 

Student wanted for part-time substan-
tive work in Sorrento Valley law Office 
specializing in plaintiff's civil rights in 
employment. Duties will include writ-
ing letters, analyzing documents, orga-
nizing and assembling court filings, 
proof-reading, delivering documents to 
court as well as copying, filing, etc. Fax 
letter of Interest or resume to 858-552-
4904. (1 t12) 

Real Estate & Loan company looking 
for energetk & motivated person. PI 
admin, phone duties. Training provided. 
(858J 564-0652. (11/13) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attorney 
needs part time assistance (Wednesdays, 
Fridays) to assist at office. Hours are 

t 

15 MIN. FREE FOR 
1 ST TIME CUSTOMERS 

1/2 BLOCK OFF G:AMPUS 
SPECIALIZING IN PROBLEM CASES 

AND SENSITIVE SKIN 

BY APPorNT~ENT ONLY CALL ..... 3 .. -37 •• 

2 am - it's' n~just for Finals an'ymore! 

.. 
UCSanDiego 

Starting October 2~, Geisel Librar,y 
(e=ptthe Science AI cngo.ee.;ng ~ 

will sta,Y open until 

lam 
(inlleadJ~ 

S~nda'y through Thursda'y 
Cduringacadnicqunn) 

for complete library hours, see: 
http://librariea.ucad.edu/eervices/hours.html 

8: 15 am to 7:00 pm (plus additional 
overtime). Duties Include typing filing, 
word processing, occasional bookkeep-
ing, assistance at court, good grammar 
and punctuation skills, knowledge of 
Microsoft Office, good handwriting and 
the ability to stand for long periods of 
time. Requires the ability to drive a van 
with an automatic transmission. Must 
have good driving record. Candidates 
must pass a grammar, spelling, punctua-
tion and typing test plus a background 
check. Please send resume to: Human 
Resources, DLA Piper US LLP, 401 B. 
Street, Suite '1700, San Diego, CA 92101 
or email to maureen.walker@<jlaplper. 
com (11 /30) 

Room, Food. Cash for help with 3rd 
grader, plus possible household. 10 
miles from UCSO. Will adjust to your 
schedule. pahdeby@aol.com (11/6) 

Nanny needed, PT- Encinitas, want car-
Ing, fun, reliable, nanny for two school 
age children. Must have car. Please call 
(619) 246-8865. Linda. (1112) 

ROOMMATES 
Need a Roommate? Check out San 
Diego's own SDRoomie.com. Free to 
Post! (1112) 

FOR RENT 
$pic. in the GlIInIlIn CInsifiecIsI For 20 
words it's S5 to students, $7.50 to UCSD 
staff, and $ 12 to the rest of the world. 
(11/2) 

FOR SALE 
Get started! Lake Murray Condo - Priced 
to sell, won't last ... call now (858) 531 -
0682. Cristina Harvey - One Source 
ReaIty/GMAC. 

WANTED 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDEDI 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

COMPEIISATIOI $8,000 
Call RepnHIlCtIYe SoIltiHs 

now 111·132·1414 
Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, or 
Korean descent, age 21 -26, call 858-552-
B585 x5590_ (11/30) 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

SERVICES 
Pregnant or know someone who is? You 
don't have to be alone. We want to help. 
Call our 24 hour confidential hotline at 
I-SOO-NO-ABORT or visit our website 
www.lifecal!,org. (11 /30) 

r,IIIH q LESSONS. Highly qualified, 
friendly, patient teacher offering lessor 
near UCSD. Mention this ad for 5 lesson> 
for $100. Call (858) 366-3485. (11 /6) 

DUI? MIP? DRUG CHARGE? CALL A 
FORMER PROSECUTOR TO DEFEND YOU! 
AFFORDABLE RATES AND STUDENT 
DISCOUNTS. LAZO LAW CENTER. (619) 
595-3157 (11130) ~ 

PERSONALS 
Gu.rdian Movie TriYi.: Ryan was first to 
email Adman the correct answer, which 
was V for Vendetta (never seen it) and 
now he tosses you Tritons the world 's 
softest softball. Be the first to email 
mfoulks@ucsd.edu and correctly name 
that flick and you too can become Lord 
o Trivia for week 8. If you care to share 
the quote that you would've chosen, 
Adman approves. Here goes, "Now, a 
clever man would put the polson into 
his own goblet. because he would know 
that only a great fool would reach for 
what he was given. I am not a great fool, 
so I can clearly not choose the wine in 
front of you. But you must have known 
I was not a great fool. you would have 
counted on it, so I can dearly not choose 
the wine In front of me~-( 11 /2) 

Sorry to hear about the pumpkin who 
committed suklde by jumping off the 
roof of Urey Hall. Didn't anyone hear his 
cry for help? (11/02) 

Bookstore Halloween Costume Contest, 
redux: props to the girl in the Sun God 
costume and the Toy Story ensemble; 
a long shower with Lysol to ··Kiss and 
groupies.' (11/2) 



. \ 

14 SPORT 

r: - - - - - --, 13r~ilia J)l\jn ~are 1 I 
FaciaIJ • Witting 'LQS~Hai, RtlnovQ / ~ I I 

~ I .5 olfmum dim" I 
UTe ~ I- - - - - - --

4545 LaJolla Village Dr. iil l I 
(&,.N1 JI- .to, N.,.dJtro",,) § I 
San Diego, CA 92122 ~ I 1 

iii I .5 olf mum cliCllb I 
ONLINE BOOKINGS ~ 1- - - - - - - -

AVAILABLE ~ I II 
www.braziliaskinare.com ~ 

21 1 
I .5011 _ clieall I 
--------

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Plan a day with your Girlfriend Brigade 
Inspiration, Education & Entertainment await you 

KitIt-Off LIUIcheim 
mu."NfIWPIIIHr 10, NOM 
Author and producer: ~ 
MkheUe Aatoa 

oted productr of the Dr. Laura 
Show and Oprah, and aulhor of 

WeJmul~: 
101 Gtwtt W.-,slll £trn Extr" c..b 
An hour pKbd lunc:heon. Aamdca will Jc- with ~ 
roola to lUIIl !heir apcniIe - in rhiutp tbq aIady 
eoJor - lato c:aIh. 
m intludes w.mad ,.-yarkina pass b Friday 
for the: lint 100. RI:ptu or. aU 
877-4'1-0677 ~ scatlng 'b IImired. n"Offlc;.l 

c",c,"'pollJ • 
Sfi!ruor InUIT BEAUlY i/~" T.. a sklncare obsession 

5J\1\RN Wtllllms&pt 

FfwGijt&, 
,.dHjhtl"_ 
udJ",1 c... *"'11 

Friday Ie s.a.ntar I" 
s-t.,10-5 

• AcI.!ee4ge ~ 
KWsU ...... nu 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 

Chargers' Merriman Failed 
Test and Fans Couldn't Care Less 
• MERRIMAN, from page 16 

He also said that he apologizes 
for letting his teammates down at 
a critical point in the season when 
the Chargers are looking to find 
their rhythm. 

am not the only Chargers fan who 
holds nothing against Merriman for 
trying to find an advantage in a 
game where just an extra half-step 
can guarantee you success. I am 

upset that I will 
not be able to 
watch Merriman 

Despite the 
dark cloud sur-
rounding him, 
when Merriman 
was allowed to 
take the field this 
past weekend 
against the St. 
Louis Rams due 
to his now-non-
existent appeal 
of the suspen-
sion, he received 

I am not the only 
Chargers fan who 

holds nothing against 
Merriman for trying to 
find an advantage .. ?' 

play for over 
a month, and 
the Chargers 
defense may 
struggle because 
of the absence 
ofits best defen-
sive player. But 
you can bet that 
this weekend, 

an uproar of an 
applause. and there were thousands 
of Merriman jerseys decorating the 
faithful San Diego crowd. 

"To see all those '56' jerseys out 
there, you couldn't ask for anything 

. more than that," Merriman told the 
San Diego Union-Tribune. "Walking 
into the stadium and people tell-
ing me how much of a ro le model 
I still am, that's what I look at my 
job to be." 

Reading this, it is clear that I 

even though 
Merriman is not 

playing, r will still proudly display 
his jersey as I watch his teammates 
do battle against the Cleveland 
Browns. 

I can only hope that when 
Merriman comes back, he will be 
just as effective as wqen he left. 

And if he's not, I'm sure thai 
there is someone else on the 
Chargers who can give him the 
number of another good chemis1 
in the area. 

Y Dung Talent Set to Replace 
Departed All-Americans 

• LACROSSE, from page 16 
compete with the top teams." 

The play of the underclass-
men will be exuemely important, 
as the Tritons must replace three 
All-Americans from last year: Nick 
Dean, Brandon Hays and Morgan 
Silldorff. Fortunately, UCSD 
will return senior attacker Chris 
McCaU, who was an All-American 
Honorable Mention. 

The Tritons will get a chance 
to play against the top teams in 
the counlry when they travel to 
Colorado over spring break to.play 
in one of the toughest tournaments 

of the year. 
· We will be playing Colorado 

State University, who is ranked No. 
I and Colorado University, who is 
ranked No. 2 (in the nation) ," Carter 
said. "It will be a good test to see if 
our new slow and deliberate style 
can be effective against the very best 
in the nation." . 

The Tritons will look to perfect 
their new system through the faU 
months, which wiU feature addi-
tional scrimmages and fall practices. 
The UCSD lacrosse team will begin 
its regular season in the beginning 
of February. 

Holman Makes NCAA 
Championship Cut 

• SWIM, from page 16 
ship meet, that will reward the team 
more than at a dual meet. And at the 
beginning of the year you want to be 
a better championship team than a 
dual meet team." 

The highlight of the day came 
when freshman Karla Holman 
became the first UCSD swimmer to 
automaticaUy qualify for the NCAA 
championships in the 200 butterfly, 
with a time of 2:06.86. 

"She dropped six seconds off 
her personal best time, which is an 

WilTH THIS AD : 

15% off any kayak 
(over $499) 

25% off anyone accessory 
25% off tours and rentals 

Offer good for UCSO faculty 
and students only with valid 10 

819 San Fernando Place 
San OieIO, CA 92109 

851-418-5599 
www.allenskayaks.com 

outstanding accomplishment for the 
first dual meet of the year," senior 
Andrea Lippin said. 

Lippin timed a third-place finish 
with a 10:35.61 in the l,OOO-yard 
freestyle. 

"I think we did a great job getting 
up and cheering behind the blocks, 
uniting as a team,- Lippin said. "Even 
though Utah swam faster, we had 
some great personal swims." 

The Tritons are back in action 
on Nov. 4 at UC Santa Barbara. The 
meet is set to start at 10 a.m. 

HIKE BIKE 
KAYAK 

KAYAK TOURS AND RENTALS . 
BIKE TOURS AND RENTALS 

SURFING LESSONS 

25% offfor 
UCSD students 

and faculty 
with this ad 

(you MUST bring )'Our UCSO 10) 

2246 Avenla dlia PIa,. 
La Jolla, CA 92037 
851-551-1510 

www.hlkeblklklYlk.com 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Women's Club Soccer Loses in Davis 
Tritons' chances for 
national tournament 
berth dashed after 
a pair of losses at 
regional tournament. 

By}oo YOOft 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

This past weekend, the UCSD 
women's dub soccer team was one 
of II teams to travel north to UC 
Davis tQ participate in the National 
Intramural-Recreation Sports 
Association regional tournament. 

The Tritons made it out of their 
bracket with a tie and a . win over 
Stanford University: UCSD tied 
the Cardinal 2-2 in the first game 
but came roaring back in the sec-
ond, blowing the Cardinal out 5-1 . 
With the dominant win, the Tritons 
advanced to the quarterfinals but 
fell short against the host team, UC 
Davis, 2-0. 

The Aggies wasted no time in 
getting on the board, scoring both 
of their goals in the first IS minutes 
of the game. 

To make marters worse, Triton 
sophomore defender Tia Baker was 
kicked in the mouth during a scram-
ble for the baU and left the game. 

Despite being down a player 
for the remaining 75 minutes, the 
Tritons prevented UC Davis from 
scoring. However, UCSD was forced 
to play defensively, and the team 

was held scoreless. 
Junior co-captain defender 

Caitlin Schauer attributed the disap-
pointing loss in part to losing Baker 
so early in the contest. 

·We had beat UC Davis before, 
but we only had 10 players playing 
this game,- Schauer said. "I'm sure 
we could have beaten them if we had 
the whole team." 

Junior co-captain forward Nicki 
Theobald was proud of her team's 
effort despite the mounting fatigue 

m sure we could 
ve beaten [UC 

Davis] if we had the 
whole team." 

- Caitlin Schauer, 
Junior Co-Captain 

from playing so many games. 
"I thought the team did great 

without subs," Theobald said. "It was 
a good bonding experience between 
the girls who went:' 

Unfortunately, because · the 
Tritons finished flfth in the tourna-
ment, they were not able to qualify 
for the NIRSA nationals. 

It was amazing that UCSD made 
it to the quarterfinals conSidering 
its shortage of players. Many of the 

SCOREBOX 

players from the A team could not 
afford to go up to UC Davis because 
of classes and midterms, and the 
team did not even have adequate 
practice time before the tourna-
ment. 

Schauer further explained the 
Tritons' problems, citing inexperi-
ence u a limiting factor. 

"We took eight players from the 
A team and three players from the 
B team," Schauer said. "We did not 
have (someone who usually plays 1 
goalie either. Most teams practice 
for months before for the regionals 
but we just had three weeks and one 
tournament to prepare." 

According to Theobald, the team 
started to really click and get togeth-
er as the tournament progressed. 

"All II players played amazing," 
Theobald said. "They all played 
great." 

This season has been very frus-
tating for the team because many 
schools have been unable to field 
teams. After the majority of the 
teams disbanded, the league was 
subsequently shut down. which pre-
vented the Tritons from being able 
to defend their league title. 

Although they won't be headed 
to the NIRSA nationals this year, 
the Tritons will be going to tourna-
ments and matches . against other 
Southern California coUeges. 

The Tritons' next games are at 
UC Irvine on Nov. 4-5, and they will 
also travel to UCLA in the winter 
for several games. 

WOMAN'S TENNIS 
INNA AGA8A8IAN (UCI) ......... DEF ........... .. . MARSHA MALINOW (UCSD) ....................... 6-0, 6-1 

2006 UC IRVINE FALl 
INVITATtONAL 

OCTOBER 27-29 
DAY 3 RESULTS 

BECKY BERNHARD (UCI) ......... DEF. ................................. INA DAN (UCSD) ............. .. ........ 6-0, 6-0 
HEIDI KALOI (UCI) .... .............. DEF . .... ........... CHRISTY KNUDSEN (UCSD) ....................... 6-0, 6-1 
ALI BOROWICZ (UCI) ............. DEF .......................... POOIA DESAI (UCSD) ....................... 6-0,6-1 
JESSICA BROADFOOT (UCI) .. . DEF . ............... CHRISTY KNUDSEN (UCSD) ....................... 6-0, 6-1 
LIEGE VIEIRA (UCI) .................. DEF ............................. TESSA TRAN (UCSD) ....................... 7-6, 6-2 
Au LEGULIS (UCSD) ............... DEF . .............................. KATIE BARTH (UCI) ............ 1-6,6-3, (10-6) 

Student Securities 
SKur"" JOUI future. 

www.studentsecurities.com 

WOMEN'S 
SOCCER 

SPORTS 1S 

Thursday, Nov. 2 
First Round 

UCSD vs" Western Washington 
7:00PM 

Saturday, Nov. 4 
Championship Game - 1 :OOPM 

ALL GAMES - Triton Soccer Field 
$5 for students with I D 

-

• 


