
WORK FIRST, RACE LATER ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,. SAN DIEGO 

D 
www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Study: 
Budgeting 

Not Parents' 
Strong Suit 

By Smruti Aravind 
CONTRIBUITNG WRI TER 

American parents are not meeting 
the challenge of saving enough for 
their children's college funds, accord-
ing to a new report by investment Hrm 
Alliance Bernstein. 

In the company's survey of parents 
with young children and a combined 
income of at least $50,000, only 27 per-
cent said they will meet their college 
savings goals. But the real problem, 
according to the report, may be that an 
overwhelming 72 percent expect their 
children to receive merit-based schol-
arships, easing the fmancial strain. 

Other points of the survey revealed 
that, in a typical family with col-
lege-bound children, a considerable 
amount of time and effort is invested 
into promoting children's special skills. 
According to the report, 72 percent 
of the parents surveyed encourage 
their children academically, 47 per-
cent encourage their kids to do well 
in athletics and 38 percent encourage 
artistic ability, all in the hopes of a 

[ PARENTS, page 2] 

UC, Unions Revisit Pensions 

Wi ll PARSO N/GUA RDIJIN 
UCSD employees marched to Chancellor Marye Anne Fox's camplex on Oct. 25 to deliver a camp/oint about pension plans. The 
protestors chanted, "If you must chop, start at the top!" throughout their march. 

By Charles Nguyen 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

UC officials have called on aU of 
the system's unions to renegotiate 
pension structures in mid-contract 
negotiations this week, highlighted 
by workers' protests at every campus 
systemwide. 

In closed-door talks in Oakland, 
the university presented its pen-
sion plan to union delegates from 
three unions - the university has 

informally revisited pension issues 
with all of its unions - representing 
myriad employees including techni-
cal, custodial and food service work-
ers. Under the university's proposal, 
workers would begin contributing 2 
percent of their salaries to the UC 
retirement plan. The IeYeI of pay-
ments that employees pay into the 
fund would eventually rise to 8 per-
cent, though future hikes have not 
been solidly outlined, according to 
Brad Hayward, a spokesman for the 

UC Office of the President. 
However, some union represen-

tatives balked at the plan, and said 
they do not want to contribute any 
percentage to UCRP. 

Representatives from the 
American Federation of State, 
County and Municipal Employees 
accused the UC Board of Regents 
of sidestepping its financial duties 
to the plan since 1991. At the time, 

[ PENSIONS, page 3 J 

BID WAR 
WRACKS 
CAMPUS 

SORORITIES 
Panhellenic president 
resigns after computer 
system pairs new 
sisters with wrong 
sororities. 

By Serena Renner 
A SO CIATE NEW S EDITOR 

Two weeks after sorority recruit-
ment, questions still linger about 
computer glitches, "misbids" and the 
resignation of Pan hellenic Council 
President Megan Christopher that fol-
lowed shortly after. 

The Panhellenic Council had many 
new experiences this year, most nota-
bly a record number of girls rush-
ing. According to Greek Life Adviser 
Jennifer Martinson, the number 
reached over 500 - nearly double the 
previous year. 

While the large number of rush-
ees yielded more girls receiving bids, 
according to Martinson, the influx of 
participants may have ' at 0 amplilled 
problems, according to John Muir 
CoUege senior and Alpha Chi Omega 
President Melissa Bargman. 

An Orphaned Generation Come Nov., College Becomes a Hot Button 

However, there was uncertainty as to 
how the recruitment process was being 
run, according to Eleanor Roosevelt 
College senior and Alpha Chi Omega 
member Emily Sullivan. 

"While [recruitment] was happen-
ing, there were a lot of unanswered 
questions," she said. 

HIATUS 

'Scissors' Slips and Falls 
The latest movie aboutweirdfamily woesfails 
to capture the depth oj its adapted novel. 
page 8 

SPORTS 

By Cynthia Law 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Responding to soaring coUege 
tuition costs, increased student-
loan interest rates and reduced 
federal aid"many student-advocate 
organizations are making their final 
push in efforts to increase aware-
ness about college affordability and 
mobilize voters for the upcoming 
November elections. 

The issue of college affordabil-
ity became a major concern of stu-
dents and parents when Congress 
recently cut $12 billion in funding 
from student aid programs. 

"[Congress] underfunded 
the Pell Grant Program, ended 
federal support for the Perkins 
College Loan Program and killed 
other grants completely:' stated a 
report conducted by the College 
Affordability Campaign, an 
umbrella organization for student 
groups. 

"It's really a tragic thing for 
students that Congress is not pri-
oritizing education,n UC Students 
Association President Bill Shiebler 
said. "Congress chose to turn its 
back on students by reducing 

Top Dogs 

aid and postponing the [Higher 
Education Act],n the most signill-
cant piece of legislation that affects 
higher education. . 

Regardless of the reason why 
Congress decided to reduce fed -
eral aid for higher education, 
the lack of financial assistance 
universally impacts students and 
families as well as public and 
private institutions, according to 
Shiebler. 

Carmen Berkley, a member 
of the executive board of legisla-
tive liaison for USSA, also said 
she agrees that Congress fails to 
prioritize college affordability by 
"taking money away from higher 
education and putting it into other 
areas such as defense." 

Currently, Shiebler and the 
CAe's report indicate that the aver-
age debt accumulated by an under-
graduate student totals between 
$17,500 and $19,000. 

Shiebler said that one in four 
college students work at least 20 
hours per week in order to pay for 
tuition and other expenses due to 
the lack of sufficient fmancial aid. 

l EDUCATION, page 71 

The largest question involved 
women receiving "misbids:' or accep-
tances into the wrong sororities - a 
situation that affected 40 to 50 girls 
and impacted every sorority, Revelle 
College senior and Alpha Chi Omega 
member Rachel Corell said. 

In response to mismatching, the 
Panhellenic Council held an "emer-
gency" meeting after bid day to correct 
the problem, according to a council-
member who wished to remain anony-
mous due to the confidentiality of the 
meeting. 
, Sigma Kappa member Christopher 
denied uch a meeting. 

"[The council member doesn't] 
know what [she] is talking about:' 
Christopher said. 

Martinson confirmed the occur-
rence of the meeting, however, but said 
that the term "emergency" referred to 
its timing rather than alerting people. 

While at the initial meeting, the 
council blamed the mi matching on 
"computer glitches:' according to 
ullivan. Martinson later reported that 

misbids were due to a "human error" 
on her part. 

According to two bylaws of the 
panhellenic con titution, all seniors 

I SORORITY, page 7 I 

INSIDE WEATHER 
New Business ............ .... ......... 3 
Editorials .................................. 4 Oct. 26 Oct. 27 

Womens soccer captures its 11th-straight win, 
earning the top seed in the league championships. 
page 16 

letter to the Editor .............. 5 
Album Reviews ...................... 9 
Classifieds ............................. 13 

HiS LS6 H80L56 

Oct. 28 Oct. 29 
Crossword ........................... .. 13 H81 L55 H74L54 



2 NEWS 

SHORTY 

Study: Americans Spend Too 
Much on Tangible Goods 
~ PARENTS, from page 1 
cholarship that may prove more 

elu ive than ever before. 
While high expectations are a 

posil ive trend among American par-
ent , UCSD Financial Aid Director 
Vincent De I\nda says he encour-
ages a more pragmatic approach to 
potential scholastic awards. 

"I think [parents] hould be more 
realistic:' he stated in an e-mail. "If 
your offspring is very, very, very 
talented in athletics and art, then 
the chances are better that they will 
receive a scholarship, but every-
one shou ld have a backup plan for 
financing an education. Also, you 
have to consider the competition at 
the school you are attending." 

Wh ile a typical college-bound 
sludent may well be endowed with 
considerable talents, chances are that 
thousands of other applicants are as 
well, according to De Anda. 

The standard criteria for scholar-
ships at UCSD are excellence in a 
particular major, leadership or com-
munity service. Rare or unique cases 
for scholarships include students 
who are orphans, cancer survivors 
or descendants of World War I vet-
erans as well as for students who 
have mental illness in their fam-
ily or come from a background that 
involve homelessness. 

Only 3,855 UCSD students 
received scholarships in the 2005-06 
academic year, and only 770 received 
UCSD gifts and endowments - a 
tolal of just 18 percent of the under-
graduate student body, well below 
parents' perceived numbers. 

",t's perfectly natu ra l fo r par-
ents to think their children are 

talented , unique and special," 
AllianceBernstein spokeswoman 

tephanie Giaramita slated in an e-
mail. "But relying on those talents 
to fund a college education is not a 
realistic savi ngs strategy." 

But savi ng early and saving 
enough is somet hing Am erican 
families are not inclined to do. The 
survey reported that most families 
spent more on immediate, tangible 
goods, such as takeout food, elec-
tronics and vacations, than on saving 
for college. 

"We are not a nation of sav-
ers," Giaramita stated. "As our survey 
revealed, parents are spending today 
and worrying about saving tomor-
row. College costs are skyrocketing 
- rising at more than twice the rate 
of inflation." 

Another major point addressed 
by the survey stressed that parents 
can do more to save, regardless of 
their income level. 

"It's never too late to start sav-
ing because every little bit helps," 
Giaramita stated. "One of the best 
ways to save today is through a ta,,-
advantaged 529 college savings plan. 
Anyone can invest in one regardless 
of income." 

But while Giaramita said she 
believes it's never too late, even for 
familie without a financial plan, De 
Anda feels he cannot do much for 
students already enrolled . 

"Once the student is here, most 
really good options are not available, 
so loans are the on ly solution;' he 
stated in an e-mail . 

Readers call cOlltact Smruti Aravilld 
at saravind@ucsd .cdu. 

Pursue your MASTER'S DEGREE 
at the UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRAtliSCO 

The Master of Science in Financial Analysis 
Tne MSFA graduate program at the University of San Francisco is designed 
for Economics. Accounting, Business. Finance and other qualified students 
who want to pursue a full-time Financial Analysis graduate program. 
The MSFA Acceleraled Program prepares you for the financial 
and investment industries. 

• Quantitative Training in Finance 
• CFA®-Approved Program Partner 
• Joint MSFNMBA Offered 

Other Arts and Sciences Master's Programs: 
Asia Pacific Studies • Biology ! Chemistry 
Computer Science • Economics • Environmental Management 
International and Development Economics • Internet Engineering 
Sport Management • Theology . Wri ting IMFA) 

Details? Call 41S.422.5135 or email asgrad@usfca.edu 
Application or Information Packet? www.usfca.edu/grad/reQuestinfo 

Visit these programs at: www.usfca.edu/asgrad 
Vi.it other grldult, progrlm. It: www.usfcl,edU/grldulte 

THE UCSD GUAIIDIAN 

I 
SIVES 

New Report Sees Rise in College Volunteers 
The number of college students who volunteered incretIstd 
from 2.7 million to 3.3 million between 2002 and 2005. 
accordittg to II report reIttIstd ldst week. 

Study: Couples. Benefit in Bed Sharing 
A University of MimItSOt4 ".... fr1ad IIttt etJfIIIIas tf till 
st%UIIl orimtIItions ffItIbrIdittI4..,.......,. by ~ 
..,,.., ill tIM MIll ... 

Anewutide ....... _Oct.ndIW .... ..,...,.,~ 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 

fAwlna.f 
MdrewNguyon 
Chorles Nguyen 

........ E*In 

Hadley Mendoza 
NedaOreizy 

Copyldlon 

Motthew McArdle ...... &l1li 
Mallhew ~Heureul AIIOd.e ...... &lion 

Se ..... Ren""r 

N .... nMiklo' 0pini0II~ 
N.taillo N.mghi AIIoci* OpInIon ~ 
DOl\li Leininger SpoI\I fdIor 

Nicky Buchanan AMOdIIo Spotts EdIIor 
HMlnaCamp focut &IIor 

Matthew leovi« AsIo<Wo focut EdIIor 

imoneWilson IIUI"'~ 
Ii. Gu AIIcK:ia HiIIut Edtor 

Nash Keshmiri. n Phokl EdiIDr 

Richard Cnoi Desisn ~ 
_Ienn'fer H,u All EdIIor 

EdiIorioIAMIoIooI 
Petr feytK!r ' 

Michelle lfe. ~ = i, w.ndy Shleu, 
Simone Wilson, Mt'ch»l ~u, KIIhIeen Yip 

Nini Bui, Tha~a ~~ Kim, Will linlon, 
Kevin Wotfman 

....... Gandolfi r-.r ~ 

Michoel Fou .. -...~ 
Mike Mirtinez ~ArI_ 

JimmylCon __ 

JoshRose _ 

51101 ... _-., 
rolf"", Ncujen 
·"i:' .. i'~ 
~~r 
los .. _?r!'t!t:6ry~ .. 

The UCSD Ct.mdIM lJ fNbli5hed Mond. artd 

:r~:~~u~~;:m~.~~n:?~~~: 
:~~~I:tr::";t~~:~~ 
righlS reierwd. The UCSI)G~ts ... 1 responsl ble 
for the retum of un."idted ~s or it!. The 

~~~~= :~~sgoc:.,.~riJn~;f~~} 
california or Associ.aled StuRn(f". The UCSD GrJrijan 
Is funded solely by idvertislng. If I llid something to 
stlb them with. 

General Editorial: 85&-SJ.4.<MJ 
editor@tJC5dguattlian.org 

Wed to ... 1119 r1lp' ..... .,4 ....... 1."""I ..... '~il· 
,....-...,...: AIIo. ..... , ___ ~ __ .. f~ 
of the &.Ira were txoupt to the ual> JudiQat ~ lft_ 
akohol. In_thememben ........ 1D the ..... .,,,,, 

News: 85&-S34-S226, newslliNcsdguanflilll.org 
Focus: 85&-534-5226, leatures@uCS<!8uatdi.n.org 

Hi.,u~ 85&-5~, h"tu,@ua<iguard"n.org 
edIy climIptiDs a meetinJ of die Mr:Jtrimit:ato E .... ·ndtOdaao de ~. nion: 85&-5J4..6S82, opinion@uc5dsuatdiaJl.org rts: 85&-SJ4..6S82, sporu@ua<isu.tdl>n."'8 oto: 85&-SJ4..6S82, phoro4Wcsd8uatdian."'8 AztJan orpnizItion. AIIo, • IIewI artide JI'IlII1shed on Oct. 23 tIdecl Advertising: 85&-534-J.4ffi 

ads@ucsdguatriian.or8 "Uc, Web Site Debate PrCJiUltlt RatiQp" ~ to ....... tIMt 
although www.pidcIIprof.com chaaJa for NI'Vic::a in lOme .... \1& 
site's services are fm in California. 

faJ<: 85&-534-7691 

Need Extra Cash for the Holidays? 

• Bartenders 
• Meeters & Greeters 
• Dishers 

It's possible to cover everyone orr your 
list and more working at HEPCat! 

HEPCat has tons of temporary 
part-time positions for : 
• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality Industry! 
Daily & Weekly Pay! Work TodIIy, Get Paid Tomorrow! Flexible 
Work Schedules! Group interviews/ Open House talce place on: 

Mondays thru Thursdays at 10:30 am, 1:30 pm & 4:30 pm SHARP! 
Se Habla upanoll . 

Apply TodIIy, Start Tomorrow! 814 Morena Boulevard, 
Suite 210-San Diego, call (888)472-1829!! www.HEPCat,jobs 

... , ............ ., ~ 

~ ........ al Br-" unl" _ . _~~ II 
" 

U~~ • .;,,-'rr~· : 
T1UI{ 

colfcclf' 
park'nG 

: ........ -.-.. -----.--.--.--- .. ~ : = 1 COUPOIIJ PER PIIIlSON = : 
: .... c.... .. "_....,, .. nII~' : 
-- .. --.-.-------.. --.-.---... -.~ 

THURSDAY, OCT08~R 26, 2006 

Eager Crowd Rallies 
Around UCSD Athletics 
The future of campus athletics became the spotlight issue of the A.S. Council's longest 
meeting so far this year, with an 
appearance from several key admin-
istrators that caned into question 
whether or not UCSD will remain 
a Division-II school, and if certain 
sports will be cut in the near future. 

NCAA President Emeritus 
Cedric Dempsey, who analyzed and 
reported on the state of Triton ath-

versity support for athletics were 
priceless. 

After the hour-long presentation 
had flllished. the council returned 
to its normal business, which went 
smoothly until a disagreement 
sprung up over how much to fund 
the Eleanor Roosevelt College 
Council for a town hall meeting. 

What was originally a request 
for $98 fluctuated between amounts 
of 550 to 5100, with some senators 

arguing that letics, spoke to the 
council regarding 
his recommenda-
tions to increase 
funding, ranking 
and spirit among 
the campus com-
munity. 

New 
Business 

the amount 
was too much, 
too little and 
unfair in rela-
tion to amounts 
al ready spent 

"A major prob-
lem is funding for the program," 
Dempsey said. "It is severely under-
funded in comparison to other 
schools." 

Regarding the school's official 
standing, Dempsey expressed con-
cern that UCSD may not be able to 
remain a Div.ision-:: lI school with -
out offering athletic scholarships to 
prospective students, as required by 
the NCAA. He also worried that 
UCSD's choice of 23 sports could 
put the athletics program at risk 
for underdeveloping the overall 
programs, putting the school at a 
potential competitive and fund~g 
disadvantage. 

Dempsey's presentation was 
carefully watched by the unusually 
large presence of UCSD administra-
tors, including Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Joseph W. Watson, 
Associate Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Edward Spriggs and 
Director of Intercollegiate Athletics 
Earl w, Edwards. Suffice to say. the 
miffed glances passed every time 
Dempsey mentioned a lack of uni -

reu@ucsd.edu on a similar 
event held by 

the Revelle College Council. 
"This is setting an egregious 

example of double standards for 
A.S. events:' Vice President Finance 
Conrad Ohashi said, when a motion 
was made to double the funding by 
the finance committee. 

However, not all senators were 
fans of the $100 compromise. 

"In essence, we're still screwing 
over Revelle," Thurgood Marshall 
College Junior Senator Kyle Samia 
pointed out. 

However, a ·cool idea! ' from 
Commis ioner of Programming Di 
Lam saved the day, when she pro-
posed that the counci l purchase its 
own speaker system to keep the cost 
of music for A . . events low, which 
proved a more widely received alter-
native. 

""m still concerned about 
Revelle," amia began. 

"We're fine!" two Revelle sena-
tors chimed in Simultaneously. 

With that , the event was fund -
ed the $100 and the situation was 
resolved as quickly as it began. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Unions Say 
Negotiations 
Too Rushed 

• PENSIONS, from page 1 
both UC and employee contributions 
to UCRP were suspended becausl! 
investment kickbacks during the 1980s 
boosted resources above the plan's nec-
essary funding level. 

However, inevitable economic 
shifts over the past decade have re-
emphasized the need for contributions, 
according to UC Academic Senate 
Chair John Oakley. 

"It was always anticipated that it 
would be necessary to resume contri-
butions in the future; Oakley stated in 
a report to the Academic Senate in May 
2005. "That day is close at hand:' 

According to the university's pro-
jections, UCRP would dip below 100 
percent funding levels after 2010, with 
the regents requiring the levels stay 
within a ·corridor" of 95 to 110 per-
cent. Union officials called the nego-
tiations premature and rushed, espe-
cially in the middle of labor contracts. 
However, university officials said that 
they need to revisit the pension pack-
age now, before several contracts expire 
in the cOmin& year. 

"Restarting contributions from 
all sides is fundamental to the long-
term health of the retirement plan; 
Hayward said. "Millions of people rely 
on this funding for their livelihood.' 

Keeping the pension plan finan -
cially viable is also crucial to enticing 
better employees, Hayward said. 

The university, however, need to 
take better care of its cu rrent employ-
ees, according to local AFSCME repre-
sentative Celene Perez. 

"This pension contribution plan is 
just one segment of the burden being 
put on workers; she said. 

Readers ca ll contact Charles Nguyell at 
charles_nguycn@sbcglobal.net. 

NEWS 3 

DIE t~GuARoW; READ UCSD 
Mondays & Thursdays 



4 THE~GUARDIAN ~ Parking Services for its plan to convert 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Nathan Miklos 
opillioll@ucsdguardian.org OPINION ~ 

Props to UCSD's Transportation and 

.. 1,200 staff spots into ' S' spaces. 

Flops to Orange County congressional ?Jl 
candidate Tan Nguyen for discouraging 
latino voters from turning out at polls. 

EDITORIALS 
USHIP Coverage Should 

Include Life-SaVing Vaccine 
YOU can now be vaccinated against cancer. A vaccine developed against the strains of human papillomavirus that cause an 

estimated 70 percent of cervical HPV is an extremely common' 
cancer cases (and 90 percent of virus easily contracted through 
genital warts) will protect many sexual contact and, since it can 
women from this d eadly con- affect area that condoms do not 
dition. Although the vaccine cover, the vaccine is easily the 
does not protect against aU of most effective way to prevent 
the harmful strains of HPY, it transmission, especially since 
targets the most common. Given the highest-risk strains generally 
thi life-saving discovery, UCSD show no symptoms before an 
will do everyt hing it can to make abnomlal Pap smear result . 
the vacci ne as The FDA 
acce sib le to recommended 
students as pos- PREVENTION FIRST that the vaccine 
ible - right? De given to girls 

Stu den t • Inexpensive prevention a and women nine 
Health ervices must to slow the spread of to 26 years of 
ca rries the vac- the cancer-causing HPY. age. Most of 
cine, which costs UCSO's under-
$375 for three graduates - all 
injections. It is not currently cov- of whom would clearly bene-
ered by UCSO's Student Health fit from receiving the vaccine 
Insurance Plan, since the federal as part of the university health 
Food and Drug Administration insurance plan - fall within that 
on ly approved the vaccine in range. Why shouldn ' t the plan 
June. According to Debbie Pino- cover a vaccine that could save a 

abaJlett, the directo r of health student's life for only $375? This 
information for SHS, the Student board does not have an answer. A 
Health Insurance Committee will committee interested in protect-
examine a cost-benefit analysis ing the best interests of students 
of the vaccine and detennine if it would surely approve covering 
should receive S.H.J.P. coverage. the vaccine. 

On Student Fees, Arnold . 
Beats Angrlides to the Punch 
As part of his gubernatOrial campaign, Democratic hopeful Phil Angelides promised to reduce tuition costs to what 
they were before Gov. Arnold - and any similarly unfunded 
Schwarzenegger took office. And program in the future - merely 
by many accounts, this staple of delays the inevitable. Once the 
Angelides' campaign speeches is lock on fees ends, students will 
largely falling on deaf ears. still be stuck in the same hole 

For one, it doesn't take a they were in two years ago. 
bloodhound to sniff out the fact The state must maintain a 
that funding for higher educa- predictable fee schedule for its 
tion was in trou- colleges and uni -
ble long before ONE STEP BEHIND versities, SO fami -
Schwarzenegger lies with limited 
even took office: ....tIdes means can accu-

• Ana"'" I P~ to cut Tuition soared tuden L..__ ble rately plan their s to~ is a mira , 
40 percent dur- but it Won't buy much_ budgets. This 
ing former Gov. means fighting 
Gray Davis' final the urge to give 
two years. handouts to university students 

And, thank in part to (and their fee-paying parents) 
Schwarzenegger's superbly timed when it is politically beneficial. 
tuition-rate freeze for 2006-07, It's admirable that Angelides. 
Californians have have been a vocal critic of Schwarzenegger's 
insulated from fee increases over 2004 cuts to university budgets, 
the past year. lbe fee buyout, in has a means to fund his new 
essence, has neutralized tuition as measures, proposing to close tax 
a campaign issue, which is almost loopholes and raise taxes for the 
guaranteed to weaken Angelides' wealthiest Californians. But with 
current bid. college fees out of mind for most 

Regardless of the political families, Angelides may fmd his 
windfall Schwarze~egger will get proposals won't earn him nearly 
from his tuition freeze. the buyout as many votes as they should. 

THE~GUARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Htathr:r Wdks. 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
Andrew Nguyrn Matthew McArdk 

MANAGING EDITOR NEWS EDITOR 
Charles Nguyrn Nathan Mildos 

MANAGING EDITOR OPINION EDITOR 
. The UCSD Guardian is published twic~ a week at the University of 
Cahfor~la .at San Diego. Co."te!1ts C! 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the malorlty vote of the editOrial board and are not necessarily those of the 
UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Jennifer Hsu 

Here's a Mind-BoggIer: Asian 
Americans Hard at Work 

H ere I am , on my soapbox. I'm going to talk about being Asian. 
The pigeonhole my ethnicity has 

been stuck in - we are a demure 
kind that only speaks to ask class 
questions - has produced a whiplash 
effect: Asian activism looks like over-
compensation . 

Five years 

indie flick, eventually distributed by 
MTV Films, was praised as a break-
through for Asians nationwide: An 
Asian director and all-Asian cast beat 
the Tinseltown system that regularly 

. shits out weak and hollow Asian con-
tent. At a time when we were sick of 
Jackie Chan's sidekickers (the Rush 
Hour and Shanghai Noon series), we 

ago, I wa s 
that embat -
tled image. 
Asians had no 
Malcolm X, 
so a n unas-

suming high 
school student 

Good 
Grief! 

got Li n's social rum-
pus through Asian 
America. 

It was a tonft for 
Asian -cinema habi-
tues. But five years 
after BLT, I was in a 
drunken lull, waiting 
anxiously for anoth-

became his own set of horns and 
trumpets. The first target was 7-feet 
I-inch worth of Diesel. 

"You tell Yao Ming, 'Ching-
chong-yang-wah-ah-soh:" Shaquille 
O'Neal told Fox News Radio about 
his rival center. I've been a Laker-
hater ever since. (And I hated on the 
Atlanta Brave John Rocker before 
that.) 

O'Neal set me off, and I had the 
marketing down . 

The setup: How could he say 
that? How could he cast aside a 
whole race of people by shitting on 
their language? How could he be so 
racist - on national radio, no less? 

The clincher: I mean, remember 
"Shaq-Fu?" 

That last point was an easy sell to 
the badminton team. 

Then, I blasted Asian stereo-
types. After that, I thumped "The 
Joy Luck Club." I even paid money 
to see Ang Lee's "Hulk." 

But since high school, the frills 
of group cohesion have made my 
message lazy and stagnant. It was 
obvious at the San Diego Asian Film 
Festival, which showed this month 
in Mission Valley. Surrounded by 
familiars. I still felt lost in a sea of 
cultural awareness. 

It was frightening; I had become 
a recap, still spouting standardized 
Asian messages of underexposure in 
media, social pressures to succeed 
and Bruce Lee's philosophy. 

Then, film director Justin Lin gift-
ed me with a dose of colorblind ness. 

Five years ago, Lin was- broke, 
dodging bills and credit-card com-
panies to pay for his pet project 
"Better Luck Tomorrow; a ballsy 
teen flick rife with angst and vio-
lence refreshing to Asian movies. The 

er Lin revival. He delivered at the film 
festival's panel, and proved he still 
had something earnest to say. 

"Don't fuck with Mickey Mouse; 
Lin said of his Disney directorial 
stint with "Annapolis." "He will fuck 
you up." 

was frightening; 
I had become a 

recap, still spouting 
standardized 

Asian messages of . 
underexposure in 

edia " m ... 

Lin described his post-BLT life 
as a paradox, full of soul-selling stu-
dio offers and compromising hand-
shakes. It was the dark Hollywood 
we all hear about, right before. an 
artist turns corporate, a la George • 
Lucas. 

Then there wa.s Lin's "The Fast 
and the Furious: Tokyo Drift," which 
seemed to be the mrnic antithesis of 
a director who made his bones on 
indie movies. FF3 was obvious pop-
corn fodder: fast cars, hot tits and 
Bow Wow. I was disillusioned when 
the flim was released. My points 
about Asian America had grown 
dull. and so had Lin's. I wanted the 
reason why Lin became a turncoat. 

"It could have been much worse," 
Lin told the audience about the 
film. "The original screenplay was 
something with lemples and a lot 

of geishas. I made it into the best 
thing I could, considering the studio 
system." 

Though I thought it couldn:t get 
worse than the "I-eady, set -0 , go" 
line, Lin explained himself with an 
impeccable cliche: "You can't win 
them all ." 

Lin did manage to cast a BLT vet 
as an original and realistic Asian 
character, and did the same in 
"Annapolis." 

Little by little, Lin is bringing 
Asian America along for his ride 
through Hollywood, and that's what 
I wanted five years ago. But after 
Lin's recounting of FF3's casting 
call, I've changed my mind. 

"I don't think Asian American 
actors were ready for the experi -
ence; he said. "We had people com-
ing in reading off the script straight. 
I was like, man, that's heart-wrench-
ing." 

To me, the room morphed into 
a dusty Calcutta alleyway - full 
of beggars, myself included, wait-
ing for a Hollywood handout from 
some accomplished big shot because 
we are the same color. 

One audience member asked 
the perennial ethnic film festival 
question: "How can I, as an [insert 
ethnicity here) fLlmmaker/writerl 
producer, overcome stereotypes 
and succeed when all the odds are 
against me?" 

It's a euphemistic question, so 
obviously dressed in political cor-
rectness and sophistication that its 
real meaning is dear: "I'm [insert 
ethnicity here) and it sucks. How 
can I get my in?" 

Lin's answer, though recycled 
from motherly advice repeated 
countless times over generations. 
was more meaningful in context. 

"Man, just work hard; he said. 
"The reality of things is really 
fucked up when it comes to being 
Asian sometimes; you have to at 
least acknowledge that." 

Yeah, I took care .of that years 
ago. 

"Do that, then work hard." 
Oh, there's a step two. 
I IUpPOse I've strived to work 

hard, but a broodins sense of enti-
tlement made me sag. The race card 
was nothing more than a nifty save 
from the cold facts of big business . 
It was an excuse. 

So I'll play the hard-working ste-
reotype, for now. 

THURSDAV, OCTOBER 26,2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINIONS 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR---------
Research Bias Hurts 
Quality Lecturers 

Dear Editor, 
In light of the recent UC com-

pensation scandals, it has become 
apparent that the administration 
places little value on the position of 
educators within the system. Issues 
of recognition , compensation and 
job security for lecturers tend to be 
overlooked. Patterns show that UCSD 
prefers to hire part-time, temporary 
lecturers rather than lecturers with 
full -term, continuing employment. 
Many superb lecturers have been let 
go instead of being given long-term 
employment. UCSD also chooses 
not to renew the contracts of lectur-
ers when they deem it is favorable 
to their own political and budget-
ary agendas. Faculty lecturers who 
are not members of the Academic 
Senate, as opposed to full -time fac-
ulty professors, are usually left in 
a subordinate position to tenured 
faculty - receiving fewer benefits, 
lower salary and lack of job security. 
These conditions undermine the 
work of lecturers and maintain an 
atmosphere of hierarchy within the 
university, with faculty professors 
above lecturers. Lecturers are treated 
as disposable as their commitments 
to research, committee work and 
academic accomplishments are over-
looked and uncompensated, despite 
their necessary role. 

Raymond Clemencon is a lec-

turer in the political science depart-
ment and the Graduate School of 
International Relations and Pacific 
Studies. He brings to UCSD an exten -
sive background working on issues 
regarding the environment as the sec-
tion head at the International Affairs 
Division of the Swiss Environment 
Agency and consultant for various 
international clients such as the 
World Bank, the Global Environment 
Facility, the Swiss government and the 
International Task Force on Global 
Public Goods. 

Although his research experi -
ence is limited compared to many of 
the full -time UCSD professors who 
provide the university with its repu -
tation as a top-notch research insti-
tution, the experience and teaching 
ability he brings to the classroom 
are superb. However, the contract 
security and salary funding is bet-
ter aimed toward the brand-name 
academics - those who have estab-
lished themselves in their respective 
fields for their research accomplish -
ments but not necessarily for their 
firsthand professional experience or 
teaching skill. 

Professors receive payment by the 
university not only for the in-class 
instruction provided but also for 
their own research. But classroom 
teaching is the only contribution the 
university recognizes for lecturers, 
despite their outside accomplish -
ments such as consulting. Lecturers 
such as Clemencon inspire the ques -
tion of where the university ought 

to place its emphasis - upon pro-
viding quality teaching and expe-
rienced faculty or on building up 
its reputation through attracting 
and holding onto individuals whose 
careers are marked by research dis-
tinction in their scholarly circles. If 
the University of California wants to 
pride itself on excellence, it should 
not only aim for research distinction, 
but also to provide lecturers whose 
teaching quality is enhanced by their 
professional experience. At a time of 
global competition among universi-
ties when students can choose inter-
national educational institutions, the 
University of California should aim 
to keep its competitive edge by hold-
ing onto its quality teaching faculty. 

-Erica Kumani and 
Abash Gupta 
Alumni, UCSD 

Biblical Passages 
Promote Cannabis Use 

Dear Editor, 
The original prohibition was 

harmful to America and the sequel 
is worse ("A War on Drugs Is a War 
on Ourselves," Oct. 12, 2(06); at the 
very minimum, it is time to re-legal-
ize cannabis. 

Another reason to end cannabis 
prohibition, persecution and exter-
mination is because it is biblically 
correct, since Christ God Our Father 

indicates that He created all the seed-
bearing plants, saying that they are 
all good. (See Genesis 1: 11-12 and 
29-30.) The only biblical restric-
tion placed on cannabis is that it be 
accepted with thankfulness (see I 
Timothy 4:1 -5). 

It's time to stop caging humans for 
using what God says is good. 

-Stan White 
Dillon, Colo. 

Hospital's First Priority 
Should Be Public Service 
Dear Editor, 

I was concerned to read the edi-
torial and continued coverage in 
your paper regarding UCSD's deci -
sion to close the UCSD Medical 
Center at Hillcrest. The situation 
is a disaster! It appears to me that 
UCSD has forgotten that health 
care is not just about helping those 
who can afford it, but everyone who 
needs it. As UCSD students, we're 
constantly told to be active in the 
community. We are asked to par-
ticipate in service opportunities in 
greater San Diego and to represent 
UCSD in many ways outside of our 
campus. We even have a public ser-
vice minor at UCSD. This mentality 
to go out into San Diego and show 
the community that we are a univer-
sity committed to the public good 
has been lost on those advocating 
for the closure of the Hillcrest hos-

Don't waste your vote. 

pital. How are we helping the San 
Diego community by taking one 
of its most important health care 
resources from one of the poorest 
neighborhoods and moving it up 
here next to our campus? 

I fully agree with your editorial's 
stance that nothing can overshadow 
the importance of public service, not 
even an expanded Thornton Hospital. 
We all know that the people who need 
our help are in south San Diego, not 
in La Jolla, and UCSD should practice 
what it preaches. Keep our amazing 
health care resources, programs and 
students out in the areas where people 
from a diverse set of -backgrounds 
need health care, and stop plans to 
dose the Hillcrest hospital. 

-lGm Follmuth 
lohn Muir Col/ege senior 

• The Guardian wdcomes letters from 
its readers. AU letters must be no longer 
than 500 words, typed, double-spaced 
and signed with a name and applialble 
title. Letters must aho contain a phone 
number. We resenoe the right to edit 
for length and durity. Letters may be 
dlopped off at the Guardian oJJi« on 
the ieami[ floor of the Student Center 
or e-maUeJ. Send ai/letters to: 

The UCSD GlUJrdum 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: 
letters@ucsdguardian.org 

Read the Guardian's election endorsements in the Oct. 30 issue. 

SPECIAL 
EGG DONOR 

NEEDED 
Preferred Donor will meet the following criteria: 

Height Approximately 5'9 or Taller 

Causasian 

S.A.T. Score Around 1275 or High A.c.T. 

College Student or Graduate Under 30 

Athletic 

No Genetic Medical Issues 

COMPENSATION $80,000 
Paid to you and/or the charity of your choice 

All related expenses will be paid in addition to your compensation 

. (Extra compensation available for someone who might be . 
especially gifted in athletics, science/rnathemalics or music) 

For more information or to obtain an application please contact 
Michelle at the law Offices (866) 330-6036 or email 

Donorinfo@pacbell.net 

·ThIs lid Is being placed for a panlcuJar clicnl and Is not soliciting egw; for I donor hank. 

•
CHAPMAN 
UNIVERS I TY 

ONt! UVIVEIU'ITY tnlVll 
• ORA GE, CALlIlOKNIA 9;t866 

For mote informalion, 
contact us al 
877-CHAP-LAW, or 
lawadm®chapman.edu 
or vi~11 us onlin~ at 
www.chapman.c~uIlaw. 



THE UCSO GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 

Date· Time· Guidelines 
• The contest is Tuesday, October 31 - it takes place 

on a stage in the UCSD Price Center plaza and is 
wheel.chair accessible 
The UCSO Halloween costume contest is free and 
open to all UCSO students, staff, and faculty entries 

• Non UCSO friends, family and the community are 
encouraged to attend as spectators: It is recom-
mended to arrive early to get a good viewing seat 

• Costumed contestants should arrive in the plaza at 
11 :30 to be checked-in and given entry numbers 

• Check-in closes when the contest begins - at 
approximately 11 :45 

• The costumes are judged by one student, one 
faculty, and one staff person and an emcee directs 
the contestants on the stage 

• Starting with category #l ,each contestant will walk 
up the stage stairs and enter through the rear of 
the Halloween back-drop 
While on stage, the entry number must be held up 
so the judges can clearly see it 

• The judges and spectators like animated contes-
tants: Use the microphone, speak clearly, shout your 
name, describe your costume, sing, dance, act goofy 

• When you're finished strutting your stuff, exit from 
the stage using the east facing stairs on your left 
and wait until all four categories are finished 

• Each contestant is scored between 1 and 5 points: 
5 points is the highest 

• After all the categories have finished there will be 
a brief intermission while scores are tabulated 
and reported 

• The contestant with the highest average score in 
each category wins 1 st place 

• The contestant with the second h ighest score in 
each category wins 2nd place 

• Ties will be determined by audience applause: 
The person with the loudest applause breaks the 
tie and wins 

• Prizes and scoring decisions are final 

4 Ghastly Categories 
--- 8 Spookdracular Prizes 

tategorq #1 faODrest 
1 st place: iPod video 80GB ($349 value) 

2nd place: Portable DVD player with 7" screen 
($ 160 value) 

tategorq #2 Scariest 
1 st place: Canon PowerShot A630 digital camera 

($290 value) 
2nd place: iPod Nano 4GB ($199 value) 

tategorq #} most treatfue 
1 st place: XBox 360 system ($299 value) 

2nd place: Mac Mini l.5GHz,lntel Core Solo, 
512MBRAM, 60GB HO, Combo Drive ($299 value) 

tategorq #4 rncredibrq traborate 
1st place: Canon Pixma MultiPac 830 ink jet printer 

($300 value) 
2nd place: Mobil video/OVO monitor system, 

LCD detachable monitor ($200 value) 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 7 

College Debt Levels Rise 
With Congressional Cuts 

• EDUCATION, from page 1 
"When did it become a policy of this 
country to increase work burden for a 
degree and be in debt when (a student) 
graduates?" he said. 

Congress' cut in higher education 
funds compels students to pay more or 
borrow more in loans, further increas-
ing their debt and discouraging them 
to pursue graduate education. Shiebler 
said. In fact, CAC statistics found 
that "the average tuition and fees at 
four-year public colleges has risen 40 
percent since 200 I, (causing) 400.000 
qualified students enroll at community 
colleges rather than four·year institu-
tions." Furthermore, fmancial barriers 
prevent another 200.000 students from 
attending college, the report stated. 
Although there seems to be a per· 
ception that private institutions are 
more generous with their financial aid 
packages, Shiebler said that students 
who attend private colleges also need 
additional financial aid. 

The number of students in the 
United States who take out loans is 
currently at 7 million and continues to 
rise. according to Luke Swarthout, an 

associate from the California chapter 
of the Public Interest Research Group 
based in Washington, D.C. 

Furthermore. aside from discour-
aging students to pursue a college 
degree, Swarthout said that graduating 
with a high level of debt has another 
Significant impact - spending years 
to financially recover from possibly 
ruined credit, which impedes employ· 
ment opportunities. 

Another consequence of students' 
increasing debt is that it discourages 
them from pursuing the low-paying. 
social service jobs such as teaching. 
social work or public service, Berkley 
said 

"College is about opening doors, 
occupationally and intellectually," 
Swarthout said. ·Students are unable to 
pursue their careers [because they are) 
forced to 'choose a job based on their 
debt, which stops people from going 
into critical jobs [like public service J 
and doing socially meaningful work 
that may not pay as much:' 

Readers can contact Cynthia LAw at 
claw@ucsd.edu. 

Adviser's Claim Leaves Mismatched 
Underclassmen Unexplained 

• SORORITY, from page 1 
and two juniors can be accepted into 
each sorority without being included 
in their specified quotas. 

This ~, chapters were instructed 
to make a separate list of their non-
quota juniors and seniors so they could 
be manually matched, Bargman said. 

Martinson daimed that she failed 
to perfunn this process, causing some 
of the girls to ~ their second 
choices - even though their first 
choices accepted them - and filling 
slou that weren't designated to them. 

The purpose of the meeting was 
to give sororities another chance to 
offer bids to rushees whose spots had 
t-n filled mistakenly, according to 
Martinson; therefore, the council 
allowed chapters to pick two additonal 
gir1s off a list of withdrawals - girls 
who ultimately did not complete the 
recruitment process - in order allevi-
ate the di.screpency. 

Ahhough the bylaws had t-n dis-
obeyed and severa1 women receiwd 
the wrong matches, the council didn't 
want to decrease morale by invmigal-
ing the matter further, Martinson said 

"Most people were happy with the 
bids and we didn't want to make people 
that were happy unhappy:' she said. 

She reponed that five situa-
tions were adjusted, with each being 
addressed on a case-by-case basis. 

Other members of the executive 
board refused to corrunent. 

While this story may explain mis-
matched juniors and seniors, it does 
not account for underclassmen who 
received the wrong offers. According 

to Bargman, there was a sophomore 
who switched from Chi Omega to 
Delta Gamma after bid day because of 
a mismatch. 

When questioned about the spe-
cific example, Martinson claimed that 
she was unaware of the girl's grade 
level. 

"At this point, we didn't have any 
way to confirm grade levds,· she said. 
"They were self-reported. It was my 
understanding that [this student) was 
not a sophomore~ 

Another example involved 
Thurgood Marshall College fresh-
man Chrissy Morris, who receiwd the 
wrong bid from Kappa Alpha Theta 
when her first choice was Pi Beta Phi 

She called the ~ board hyp-
ocritical for daiming that there was 
one sorority meant for each girl- and 
then leaving the majority of mismatch-
es uncorrected. 

The dramatic finale to the recruit-
ment process was Christopher's res-
ignation, w~ich she attributed to a 
lack of time and not to recruitment 
issues. 

While Martinson and Christopher 
said they were certain that they recti-
fied the issues, Corell said there still 
may be consequences for the future. 

"Knowing the system is flawed 
is going to really hun us next year; 
she said. "Getting put in the wrong 
house is a big issue and each year 
these problems happen. people trust 
panhellenic less and less." 

Readers can contact Serena Renner at 
srenner@Ucsd.edu. 

"A~~aWflf!" ~Pftfl~TM 
We de> E'xtTerne f1a~eC>\'ers 

10% off 

LOCATED IN THE CENTER 
COURT AT THE FORMER 

ROBINSON MAY LOCATION IN 
WESTFIELD UNIVERSITY 
TOWN CENTER LA JOLLA 

858/587-4790 

COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY 
SCHOOL OF INTERNATIONAL AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS 
THE EARTH INSTITUTE AT COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY 

Earn Your MPA in 
Environmental Science 
and Policy 
The Master of Public Administration Program in 
Environmental Science and Policy is a twelve-
month program that combines Columbia 
University's hands-on approach to teaching 
public policy and administration with pio-
neering thinking about the environment. 

.For more information or to RSVP, e-mail 
ar2393@columbia.edu or call 212-854-3142. 

For information on other SIPA programs, please 
visit the Web site at www.sipa .columbia.edu. 

Apple ........... for .. ..., .... : ......... 1 

Vou An I.wited 
to •• 

Open Hou .. 

ucs.DIep 
F ..... ', 0ct0Hr 27 
10:00 •• 

www CO Iu 1111>1:1 .edu / clI l mpaenv ironment 

Stanford University Blodesi,n Program. -

ANNOUNCING: 

James H. Clark Center, 318 Campus Drive . Rm. El00, 
Stanford, CA 94305-5428 

Now Accepting Applications 

2007-2008 Biodesign Innovation Fellowships 
Learn the process of biomedical technology innovation through an intensive 
fellowship at Stanford University. 

Fellows learn- by dOing-the key stages of the biodesign process: identification 
and verification of clinical needs,invention, prototyping, parenting, early-stage 
testing, regulatory and reimbursement, planning and financing. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: 
CLINICIANS: September 30,2006 ALLOTHERS: November 30, 2006 

APPlY ONUNE: http://lnnov.tion.sbnford.edu/ 
For further Inform.don contKt: 
bioclesltnttst.nfordACIu 
Tel: 650 736 1160 
F •• : 650724 86M 

PaciCle Beach: 
1001 GarJlet "'~:\'e. 
Can) asa.2'7S . 
II'-~--

Hillereii: 3I621Idt 1m. 
(at Vn'nnlt}') 619.29U411 



8 
ONTACT THE EDITOR 

ill1o',f Wilson 
hialtts@ucsdguardiml.org 

Some Fresh 
Potty-Mouth 
Comedy for 
Us Nerds 

By JOS/I CI,ristellsel1 
CONTRIBUTIN G WRI TER 

Greg 
Giraldo 
• Good Day 
to Cross 
a River 

Comedian Greg Giraldo. a native New Yorker and Harvard grad. is releasing his long-anticipat.-
ed debut album. Good Day to Cross 
a River. Weaving raunchy social 
satire into fluid performances. 
Giraldo tackles everything from 
the onset of middle age (i.e. sag-
ging testicle dipping into toilet 
water) to unemployment and ille-
gal -immigrant weathermen (hence 
the album title). A taping from his 
trong-language stand up routine, 

Giraldo's album sticks to semi-cur-
rent events like prosecuting older 
women for having sex with young 
boys and how far mothers have to 
go the e days to be "the cool mom;' 
then moves on to a new reality 
show idea called "The Floater;' in 
which paraplegics are tossed into 
a pool to see which one floats. 
Giraldo ha provided unrelenting 
commentary on Colin Quinn's 
former series "Touch Crowd" and 
taken part in a score of Comedy 
Central roasts, lighting fires under 
infamous characters like Pamela 
Anderson and William Shatner. 

Christian 
Finnegan 
• Two for 
Flinching 

Christian Finnegan, another slowly rising comedy star, offers a brilliant mix of intelli -
gent observations and crude imag-
ery that bridges the gap between fat 
guys in wet T-shirts and "Strunk 
and White" references. The self-
proclaimed Biff look-alike (from 
"Back to the Future") also has a 
knack for pu ll ing off successful 
audience interac tions. and the 
album - taped from a live per-
formance - perfectly howcases 
these improvisational skills. 

Finnegan is an unashamed 
nerd who revels in his geekdom. 
In one aCI, when he calls out to 
his fe llow nerds in the audi -
ence to little response, he then 
denounce Ihem as cowa rds 
and accuse~ one unsuspeclilig 
member who d idn't raise his 
hand of runni ng the projec-
tor in grade school. Often, 
the grammar school jokes 
go over hi audience's' 
head, but he's happy to 
poke fun at himself and 
anyone else who under-
stood the reference 
- all the while using 

- energetic, and 
.often vulgar, 
charisma to 
keep the 
rest of the 
rowd 

rolling 
in their 
eats. 

hiatus 
a rts/ e nte rta i nm e nt 

------ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 

Yet another peek into 
dysfunctional family 
life downgrades from its 
literary predecessor and 
sinks in shallow water. 

By Oakley Anderson-Moore 
SENIOR STAff WRITER 

Running With Scissors 

** StalrPJ Annetle Benning. Brian Cox. Joseph Fiennes. 
Evan Rachel Wood, Gwynelh Palirow and Alec Baldwin 

Directed by Ryan Murphy 
Aat~R 

Running With SciSSOrs" is another movie whose trailer is infinitely more entertaining than the movie itself, packaged into a thrill-
ing 60-second existence. Something is amiss in 
this screen adaptation of the true-life m emoirs of 
non -fiction writer Augusten Burroughs, though 
it's hard to pinpoint ex.actly what. For "Nip!Thck" 
fans excited to see Ryan Murphy - the show's 
creator - try his hand at directing a feature film , 
or for those who can't wait to see their beloved 
book turned into a movie, the outcome will no 
doubt be a disappointment. 

Gone is the sleek edginess of the dark comedy 
about plastic surgeons, where Murphy carved his 
niche. It's been replaced with a light-hearted focus 
on the initially fascinating <;haracters of the Finch 
family, with Augusten Burroughs is forced to spend 
his adolescence. These characters arc satisfyingly 
weird - with a quirkiness that only a true story 

I SCISSORS, page 9] 

f40jHE BEST SONGS • IN HIATUS ditti THIS WEEK • • es 
Peter and the Wolf Platinum Weird 
• "Silent Movies" • "Will You Be Around" 
• "The Owl" • "Piccadilly Lane" 

_ COURH SY OF BIA PICTURES L __________ ____________________________________________________________ _ 

NADA BAD PRICE 
Frida" OCt. 21, 1 p.m. 

uWarren and Revelle Rock PC Plaza" 
Price Center 

FREE 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 2~, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDtAN HIATUS 9 

rnnn .. J:ftft'Sr--------------------C\,UIWII5 
Platinum Weird 
• Make Believe 
INTERSCOPE 

* Worse than smooth jaZ7., there is smooth rock. And Platinum Weird, the collabo-ration product of Dave Stewart and Kara 
DioGuardi, is so smooth it's glossy - shiny, 
gleaming, Sickeningly glossy. 

The group dates back to 1974, when Stewart 
and original muse Erin G race debuted at Mick 
Jagger's birthday party, where they quickly 
enjoyed cult status and slowly slithered into 
London's rock scene. Th ey signed on imme-
diately to Elton John's Rocket label and began 
to lay down album tracks. Then Grace disap-
peared - and the magic stopped . 

But not for Stewart. He found famous muse 
number two, Annie Lennox. and created the 
brilliant Eurythmics. Now the story gets compli-
cated, and intriguingly marketable. One day, in 
a fit of nostalgia, Stewart strummed a measure 
from an old Platinum Weird song. DioGuardi 
walked in and began to sing exactly the lyri s 

Peter and the Wolf 
• Lightness 
THE WORKER'S INSTITUTE 

***~ 
Red Hunter (or Peter and the Wolf) begins his album, "Midnight train, come take me away from here:' These words keep echOing, 
as Hunter takes the listener through 16 tracks of 
scattered-bedroom folk. The distinct whisper of 
his voice on intimate four-track make Lightness 
a record instantly both familiar and comforting 
- these are the kind of songs one adds to a mix 
for a friend who is moving away or hands out at a 
bonfire at the end of summer camp. 

Hunter's style is reminiscent of the similar 
four-track musings of Iron and Wine, but he 
can best be described as a modern-day Woody 
Guthrie. Though without a common sound, the 
two share a traveling spirit, with material record-
ed while traveling through the good 01' U.S. of A. 

penned by Stewart and Grace over three decades 
ago! Was this a reincarnated Grace? 

No, only a young girl whose dreams of 
musical fame were flamed by an older, wiser 
woman from New York, who - as logic and 
really good luck would have it - was Grace. 
She reappeared in the annals of rock history, 
and th\!s humanity is now terribly burdened 
by PW's re-released album, Make Believe. Their 
bizarrely coincidental , supremely marketable 
history docs not stir the skeptic in me so much 
as knock it off it arse . 

History aside, Stewart and DioGuardi make 
music like they make stories: pu.lling hearts 
with painful cliches, easy-listening rock sets 
and belche of sentimentality of uch caliber 
th at Hallmark could take lessons. 

- JiaGu 
ASSOCIATE HIATUS EDITOR 

Hunter is clearly distinct from Guthrie in his 
attention to melody: On "The owr he sings of 
birds and the sea in gorgeous tune. The prom-
ised Lightness is achieved through soft -voiced 
accompaniment by Dana Falconberry, reappear-
ing throughout much of the album. Then, near 
closing, older recording 'Silent Movies" slides 
in perfectly with the new tracks, combining a 
melody reminiscent of "When You Wish Upon 
a Star" with spar e acoustic guitars. Liglrtness as 
a whole reveals an artist who has Uved life physi-
cally - the recording's conveyed travels and feel-
ings make it as true as it is pleasant. 

- Jesse Kivel 
STAFF WRITER 

p-----------------------------------EXPIRES 11121106 DO NOT DOUBLE COUPON 
tn-_ .......... 

............. 

~~ 
9;=~ 

Relaller: Who!eSQl1\e & Heartt Foods Co. wi! reimbul8e the 
lace vBiutpr1(e pius 8e handhnp O/I~ wilen redeemed by you 
from a C<lnsomer at 01 the piln:~ase on blanlis specij,ed 
Reproducltoo 01 ltJis COIJpilIl IS Bxpressly plohiblled Any 
Othel use coostlUtes fraUd Prool 01 sulhelm .loCk musl 00 
turr.Isned upm requesl. Consumel MUst 11<11 sales IaI Valid 
only In the U.S A MuM to' CI.tS Dept 84059. WhOlesome & 
Hearty Foods Co .1 Fawcdl Om~. 0,1 RIO. TX 78840 Cash 
value 0011 I'otd where laxed or reslncled liMn ONE 
COUPON PEA CUSTOMER 

0'1 2 0 ], 

~----------------------------------~ 
r 
I 
I _ 

I 
IS 

·TI L...,4" ,~'E s s 
age-ae.fyi1l(J f'aser cfinic 

Buy ONE GET ONE FREE* 
-LASER HAIR REMOVAL 
-M ICRODERMAB RAS ION 
-IPL 
-CELLULITE TREATMENT 
-8: MORE 

'excludes Botox and Restylane . 

2020 CAMINO DEL RIO N , STE 202 , SAN DIEGO, CA 619-294-8463 
www. timelesslaserclinic . com 

3Z 51 Hollda, Ct. 
#204 

Bening, Funky Furniture Only Plus~s 158·455·0909 Above Cal Copy, across from EI TOlito and Rock Bottom 
------------,-------- ----~ SCISSORS, from page 8 

could breed - but they appear like cartoon 
cut-outs, delving just deep enough to give us a 
laugb and then moving on to the next piece of 
situational irony. 

The high level of quality that made the 
novel worth reading - the heart behind the 
humor - is also missing. In life, and no doubt 
very poignantly in Burro\lghs' 14-year-old life 
(including a drugged out mother, a distant, 
alcoholic father and a completely dysfunctional 
adoptive household), there is much cause for 
pain. 

But it is the ability to bring out humor in 
light of pain that melds others to one's plight, 
and the movie gets it backward, starting with 
jokes and then forcing the emotional stakes. 
Under the guise of charming dysfunctions, the 
film is infused with a heartlessness - a certain 
detachedness implying that since everybody 

is so constantly screwed up, it's never really 
worth bothering with. The problem with this 
approach, of course, is that, in turn, the audi-
ence will stop bothering themselves with the 
film. . 

Luckily, the actors alone merit a steep tick-
et price, speared by Annette Bening as the 
Valium -popping, new-found -lesbian writer! 
mother whose glazed eyes are so ghastly that it 
seems impossible that she played this role with -
out severe sedation. The retro art design is also 
quite nice, reminding us that, though this film 
is no Criterion Collection, it might well be one 
of the better theater options in the horror-laden 
month of October. 

All in all, the journey of the real Burroughs 
(appearing in the end credits next to actor 
Joseph Cross, who plays him in the film) seems 
a little lost. alongside the film's constant side-
show of comic relief. 

Campus Weekend 
events p.3 
Dr. Georgaklis 
dentist p.14 
Thursday 
Coupons p.g 
Alexander's Skin 
Care p.1S 

--~- --

Bookstore Costume 
'Contest p.6 
Triton Soccer 
This Fri. p.1S 

:.='- BUYSfor 1 ..,.,.1. : t" ••• only 1 _1- 1 
I PI .... p'osen, UCSD &ael 'Including Mystic and Ultra 1 
I ID.Exp. III26106 'fT7 - Cl.t SH,,'oofordetail~Exp.II126106 1 ~ ____________ L ___________ J 

:';.18.=:.1211,.... : 
I •••• ' 1uy1 Get 1 FREEl 
I I 1 SH .. Ion for dotall~ I First time customers oo!y. Exp. 
I Exp. 11126106 II 126106 1 • ____________ l ___________ ~ 

.J EAN-PI-;-lILI PPE SALON 

FREE HAIRCUT 
WITH ANY HAIR COLOR SERVICE 

FOR AN APPOINTMENT CALL: 
858_551.9515 

--- r-- -- -- --.---.----- .---------- . ' -

7865 HERSCHEL AVENUE, LA JOLLA, CA. 9203 7 
WWW.jEAN- PHILIPPESALON.COM 

HAIR M ODLES NEEDED FO R S A LON TRAINING S ESSIONS 

-



10 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Who Can Forgive the Sins of the Father? 

COURHSY OF LION 'S GATE 
In its inuestigation ill to the pedophilic goings-{}1l of the Catholic church, "Deliver Us From Evil" focuses on the story of Father Oliver O'Grady, 
who during his two-decode career in Northern Cnlifornia sexually abused hundreds of children, and now walks as oftee man. 

By Chris Mertan 
CO NTRIBUTING WRITER 

Deliver Us From Evil" is not just a documentary - it's a horror film . It's nearly impossible to 
comprehend the sheer torture that 
Father Oliver O 'Grady, affectionately 
known as Father Ollie to those who 
have had the misfortune of befriend-
ing him, inflicted on his parishio-
ners in Northern California over two 
decades. What makes it worse is the 
now-known cover up of such abuse 
by the church into which so many put 
their faith . 

The movie was released by Lions 
Gate, which is also known for equal-
ly cuddly films such as "Capturing 
the Friedmans;' "The Passion of 
the Christ" and "Fahrenheit 9111 : 
and is directed by Amy Berg, ~ 
CNN producer who has long dealt 
with this topic. "Deliver Us From 
Evil" takes th e single example of 
a Catholic chu rch abuse scandal 
far beyond the level of any televi -
ion special or news report. Those 

involved over the years - victims 
and their families, psychologists and 
church reformers - all tell their 
stories and provide the history of 
the scanda l. Most revealing, and 
disturbing, though, is the presence 
of O'Grady himself, a seemi ngly 
charming Irishman with a si nister 
attraction to children. He walked 
freely around his town, even up to 
the wall surrounding a playground . 
One cannot help but fear for the 
well-being of the young boy who 
walks past O'Grady as he admires 

the art of a st reet vendor, and when 
he notices the boy's presence, it pro-
duces shivers. 

Berg follows three victim s 
- Ann, Nancy and Adam - all 
raped, some multiple times, when 
they knew O 'Grady. In possibly the 
most powerful scene in the film, 
Ann's father cries out in anger over 
the discovery that his daughter had 
been raped bet ween the ages of 5 
and 13. All the while, O 'Grady dis-
cussed encounters like this, either in 
personal interview or footage pulled 
from his trial , with a hideously frank 
and innocent attitude, at one point 
even writing letters to his victims 
asking for a "reunion" and letting 
"bygones be bygones;' unaware of 
the damage he has inflicted. For 
over two decades, he molested or 
raped hundreds of children, boys 
and girls, some repeatedly, fro m 13-
year-olds all the way down to a baby 
9 months of age. The pastor mat-
ter-of-ractly admit his attraction to 
chil dren, and only ch ildren. 

O'Grady is used not just as an 
example of the scand al, but a seg-
way to the Catholic church's reac-
tion. From J 976 to the mid '90s, 
when O'Grady was defro ked, he 
was moved from parishes in Lodi 
to Turlock to Stockton and final -
ly to San Andreas - a new par-
ish fo r ever y allegation. In other 
tapes from the trial, current car-
dinal Roger Mahoney, out of the 
Diocese of Los Angeles, denied 
having had any knowledge of 
O'Grady's hi story and allegations 
when he approved some of the 

Learn about a new way to 

PAY forcollege 

uriti 
S.curlng your future. 

www .stude n tsecurities.com 

De~ver Us From Evil 
***--Directed by Amy Berg 

Not Rated 

moves, although paper evidence 
and his own nerves indicate oth-
erwise. 

The facial expressions that lit -
ter Berg's screen are of confusion, 
anger, sadness, dishonesty, deceit, 
innocence (however false it might 
be) , concern and even resolve - all 
sides of the story. The film could 
suffer from an almost overexposure 
of faces, especially from the clas -
sic talking-head syndrome found in 
many documentaries. But here it i 
necessary, bearing naked truth and 
defining the scandal. 

Though not for the faint of heart 
- the detail of certain events is 
graphic to the bone, an important 
inclusion which adds to the depth of 
O'Grady's story - this documentary 
is also one of the best of the year in its 

,unflinching revelation of a man who 
was given the most innocent of crea-
tures and took that trust for granted. 
Berg has not condemned these people 
- they have done that themselves 
- but she has stripped away the 
flashy media sound bites by delivering 
personal accounts. And beyond emo-
tional scars, the candal has revealed 
the Catholic church's knowledge of 
these wolves in sheep's clothing. 

Currently, O'Grady resides in his 
native Ireland - free - in the home 
of a family unaware of his past. 

Be.rister 41~ership 
FBEEPizza in-01Q Town 

Vagina 
lV[onolojfue 

casting call 
things like these are 

happening in and 
around UCSD but you 

won't know the 
critical details until 

they advertise in 

THE~GlJARDIAN 

IGII MONDAYNGHT 
~ Football 

Headquarters 
~.o( 

newly reniiOd ••• d 
prIv'" party room 

wlhful .... · 

HIATUS 11 

PLASMAS + 
BIG SCREENS 



12 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 

. ' 

-, 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 

EVENTS 
The Guardi.n won't rip down your fly-
Inl Do you have something to tell 
UCSD? You don't need to plaster flyers 
all over the Price Center and watch 
them get torn down or covered over 
in minutes. Dig deep and cough up 
the 5 bucks and let the Guardian clas-
sifieds do all the work. That's 20,000 of 
your damn flyers in one week! That's 
right baby, both in the paper and on 
line at ucsdguardian.org. Pay for 2 
issues and we'll match with 2 more 
until October 30, 2006. Check ucs-
dguardian.org for easy instructions 
or just call us @ 858 534-3466. Gitter 
done. (10/26) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
What could be better than college, 
NFL and Monday night football games 
at LI JoIli Brew House? See the ad on 
page 11 in today's issue. (10/26) 

Last day to register to vote ... ·Passport 
to Leadership' seminars .. ,Video game 
tournament...casting call for ' Vagina 

Monologues~ .. Open Mic Night at 
OVT .. .Free pizza .. .why didn't you get 
the word on these campus happen-
ings? Because they WEREN'T in The 
Guardian! Call now, 858-534-3467. 
(11/8) 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SuBS. 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$850.$1050 hourly 
can Jacki 

(858)565-2144 
MystllY Shopptn. Earn upto $1 SO/day. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 
, 

~ THE~ ~GuARDIAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD GUArdl ... reserves the right to classify. edit. delete offensive words and pharses. 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advert iser will not 
hold the CitHJrdiGn liable for any dalms resulting from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refund. for cancellations. 
Pluse send .11...........,...a regarding Clalslfledl to: 
UCSD GUArdl.n. Attn: CI .. slfleds, 9500 GII .... n Drive 110316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: SS per 20 _rds 
Faculty & Staff: S1.50 per 20 words 

All others: sn per 20 words 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

120.00 per column inch 
De.dllnes: 

Publication Date Display Ads and Line Ads 
MorNIay 4pm Moll (1 .... ) 

ActUAIIoc: •• Ion:Student (.n ... A, Room 217. Thursday 4pm Thvn (1 .... ) 
email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Experience not required. Undercover 
shoppers needed to judge retail and 
dining establishments. Call 800-722-
4791. (11/30) 

Immediate openings in our stores in La 
Jolla. Fashion Valley. or the Del Mar 

Highlands. Retail experience or 
experience with children preferred. 
Part·t ime/ flexlble hours. Apply in 

person or call the location nearest you . 

GEPPETrO'S 
La Jolla 7850 Girard Ave. 8~~1 
F .ahlon Valley Del Mer HIghI8ndI 
619-294-8878 858-350-9038 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female 
attorney needs part time assistance 
(Monday, Wednesday, Friday) to assist 
at office. Hours are 8:15 am to 7:00 
pm (plus additional overtime). Duties 
include typing filing, word processing. 
occasional bookkeeping. assistance 
at court, good grammar and punc-
tuation skills, knowledge of Microsoft 
Office, good handwriting and the abil-
ity to stand for long periods of time. 
Requires the ability to drive a van 
with an automatic transmission. Must 

have good driving record. Candidates 
must pass a grammar, spelling. punc-
tuation and typing test plus a back-
ground check. Please send resume 
to: Human Resources, DLA Piper US 
LLP. 401 B. Street, Suite #1700, San 
Diego, CA 92101 or ernail to maureen. 
walker@dlapiper.com (10126) 

Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive 
brand new cars with ads placed on 
them. www.DriveAdCars.com (11/30) 

TUTORS 
needed in most subjects. 

Call the Tutoring Network 
B5SoNET-WORK [858-638-9675) 

MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 
Restaurant in Del Mar is looking for 
a part time waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 
am to 2:30 Mon thru Fri.; For Dinner: 
4:15 pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Part 
TIme: Minimum of 2 days on either 
Lunch or Dinner. Call Manager: (858) 
204-4831 bet. 10 am to 4 pm, Mon-
Sat. (11/16) 

Teach fun Afterschool Enrichment 
Programs weekday afternoons. $20-
30 per one hour class. Apply online. 
www.madscience.org/sandiego or 
call 858-505-4880. (11/6) 

Excellent Italian & English word pro-
gram keyboarding skills required. Part-
time flexible hours. Augusto 858-459-
2361. angeluccidevelopment@msn. 
com. (10/30) 

Part-time nanny or many, M-E for 
infant & German Shepard. Flexible 
hours, days. Near UCSD. (619) 846-
6649. (10/30) 

Growing Family First Foto has 
an opening for a Sales I Service 
Representative to take babies' first 
photos and sell photo packages at 
Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla. 
Previous Sales expo preferred. Photo 
expo not necessary; pd training pro-
vided. Must be comfortable handling 
newborns. PT hrs, Sun. Mon., Tues., 
Wed., and Thur. apply online at www. 
growingfamily.com/opportunities/ 
msr.asp or email resumes to mallto: 
west@growingfamily.com or fax to 1-
800-338-7120. EOE (10/30) 

ROOMMATES 
Need a Roommate? Check out San 
Diego's own SDRoomie.com. Free to 
Post! (11/2) 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

1 bd 1 ba condo, take over · pay-
ments. No-qualifying. Garage, pool, 
laundry. Payments include tax and 
HOA - no agents. 619-885-9824. 
alimission@yahoo.com . (10/30) 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

A"ple MacBook 
· Blowout 

Save Up To $500 Off MSRP! 
MocBooI< Pro 15.4" (MAIiOOLlI A) MSRP 51999 
2.0 Ghzlnlel Core Duo UCSOPri<e: $1,S99 

MocBooI<Pro 15.4" (MA601WA) MSRP 52499 
2.16GHz Intel Core Duo UCSO Price: S1999 

MacBook 13.3" (MA254lUA) Reg51049 
1.83Ghz Intel Core Duo UCSO Price: $999 

MocBooI< 113" (MA2SSLUA) RegS I 199 
2.0 Ghz Intel Core Duo UCSD Price: $1 ,099 

.J. UCSD Bookslore Computer Center 
• (858) 5)4-4291 

htrp://booksrore.ucsd.edu/compur.,s/ 

WANTED 
EGG DONORS 

NEEDED! 
Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

COMPENSATlOIL $8,000 
Call Reprodldiwe Solutions 

now 818·832·1494 
Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21 -26, call 
858-552-8585 x5590. (11/30) 

SERVICES 
TENNIS AT NOON. Certified Pro can 
work with you or yo.ur group at 
the Muir Courts. Call 619 787-5475. 
(10/30) 

Pregnant or know someone who is? 
You don't have to be alone. We want 
to help. Call our 24 hour confidential 
hotline at 1-800-NO-ABORT or visit 
our website www.lifecall .org. (11/30) 

CROSSWORD 59 Military grp. 61 Wedding declaration 62 Perfectly satisfactory STARTING 
FROM THE LOW 

$400,000s. 

GUITAR LESSONS. Highly qualified, 
friendly, patient teacher offering les-
sons near UCSD. Mention this ad for 5 
lessons for S 1 00. Call (858) 366-3485. 
(11/6) 

"ClOSS . 
1 Voodoo~15 
6 Pueblo people 
10 _ maier 
14 lqpend automaker 
1S Hoi boo< 
16 Delmit grIdder 
17 Commonplace 
18 Enter uninvited 
20 IIntIered c .... I1J'" 
21 Runaway G I 
23 Combo bet . 
24 Former Princt!lS 01 W.~ CMUillly 
26 Veneli .... blind strips 
28 Ki"ljdom 

30 T~nsfi ... 
34 ' Rich Man, Poor Man" .uthor 
36 Squat down 
38 Gray-faced 
39 Manhanc:le 
40 Nautical craft 
42 Bullpen Slat 
43 Mtion .. te 
4S Feel concern 
46 Cut short 
47 Salollite at Uranus 
49 lenerflourish 
51 Lamaze subject 
S3 Gu"ttho guy 
56 Sluck up 

6-4 Proprietor 
66 Table spread 
67 Black. 10 Blake 
68 Sca~eIt's love 
69 Norway's patron sai nt 
70 Goddess of viclory 
71 "Oah" man 

DOWN 
1 Nonnand at ~Ient lT10IIies 
2 Florida city 
3 Cabinet catchall 
4 _ pro nobis 
5 lipton rival 
6 Tramp 
7 Roundish shapes 
8 Part at rpm 
9 Interlocki ng 
10 Assumed names 
11 "The Mod Squod' role 
12 Feminist lucretia 
13 Celebes buffalo 
19 frills 
22 Oscar or Cornel 
25 Poisonous evergreen 
27 NBII ll!am 
29 Oman capital 
31 Protective, paper 
32 IIctress Ga" 
33 Ginger cookie 
J4 Unwanted .,.mail 
35 Ma"' _ 
37 R.E. lee's nation 
40 Dressing table 
41 Talk-show host Gibbons 
44 "lolita" novelist 
46 U.S. undercover grp. 
48 ReslDradon poet 
50 Go straight 
52 Impresario Sol 
54 "Waiting for Lefty" dramatist 
55 Nut cake 
56 GOlWayl 
57 _ and void 
58 SSS Slatus 
60 "Auld Lang _" 
63 Kimono sash 
6S Sci-fi Doctor 

Find CnKSWOrd & solutions al 
www.MCSdgtuJrd/an.org!crossword 

rolARDIAN ClASS I FIEDS 

FOR RENT 
Where does UCSD see your 2BR 2BA 
pool, spa, Nr bus rental? Why in the 
pages of the Guardian. Call 858-534-
3466. (10/26) 

FOR SALE 
Futon Sofa bed only $259: Home 
furniture & home decor for sale. 
Everything 50-70% OFF retail. 
EverythingHomeDiscount.com. 858-
271-8068. (10/30) 

PERSONALS 
A sanitation worker in Brooklyn was 
videotaped breaking light bulbs in 
front of a restaurant and then writing 
a littering ticket to the restaurant's 
owner. His present job may be in dan-
ger, but this go-getter can fall back 
on a recent offer of employment from 
UCSD's parking office. (10/26) 

UCSD Police found a bong with mar-
ijuana residue in the Koala offices. 
More Alzheimer's research? (10126) 

r:-------I' 13r~ilia $l\j,n <Are I I 
F.cI4b • w...m.g. !.un H .. I, RtlllotI.' ~ I I 

l:! I IS 011.-.. dI.to 1 
UTC· 81- - - - - - - -

= 1 
-4s..s uJeIIa ViIIqe Dr. Ii I I (s-J J- _ Nttrtlsmrwu) ~ 1 
s.n Diep, CA 92 III ~ 1 

I;i 1 IS .. 1et..-. dI.to 1 
ONUNEBOOKINGS 6 1_ - - - - - --i 1 

AVAILABLE ~ 1 1 
www.braziljllkincuc.com i l 1 

I .. _ IJ.!':-.:. ~-:.. _I 



-. 

14 SPORTS 

.,.. UTE NIGHT 
"nGZONE 
0,. U11f112.-
frio & SlIt. 

.,.. PMn liD 
lOl20euEm 

ULTRAZONE 
]1~6 \jIom Arena llod . • SaIl Diego, CA 
o.lIocl (ost of SO Sport. At"'"' 

(619) 221.0100. WWW.IItrII_-..go.COlli! 

BEFORE-with crowding 

• Orthodontics 
• Clear and MRemcNable" Braces 
• Lingual (behind the teeth) 
• General and Cosmetic Dentistry 

Straight teeth in 2 weeks with veneers 
• Oral Surgery & Implants 
• TMJ Dysfunction . 

l-HOUR IN"()FFICE 
TEETH WHITENING 
with valid student ID 

AFTER-six months lat~ 

Y* Ilwoffer 

invisallgn 
Stnight t...n. no b!oc:e.l 

Invisallgn 
NSJlrNif'ded 
Or. Georg. 

Geor9'~I' 
fortlis 
expertise 
and his 
rinkl'dhim 
IrT'IOI'lgthe 
lop S'll> In 
the nation. 

Call loday for )Our FREE orthodontic 
consultation and lcam about the latest techniques. 

~~o~.!.~1~!:'!!!02!.!!l° ® 
4510 Executive DriYe. Suite 106 (near Untversity Towne Centre) 

www.drgeorgedds.com 

Celebraling 26 Ycar, III Sali,fied P.lti.· .. t, 

Students 
FlvCheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From San Diego to: 

San Lull OblspO$151 Paris $395 

Washington $246 Bologna $420 

$257 Melbourne 

• C :. StudentUniverse.com 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 

Tritons Lose Sugg for Playoffs to Injury 
• PLAYOFFS, from page 16 
State Monterey Bay. 

Dickey's sixth goal of the season 
- three of which were game-win-
ning strikes - came in the 67th 
minute agains t the Gators on a 
pass from junior mid fielder Caitlyn 
Ryan. Ryan took the corner kick 
and crossed it in, allowing Dickey to 
jump and get her head on it, sending 
the ball to the back of the net. 

"I want to go out of this season 
and my career knowing that I always 
did my personal best," Dickey said. 
"And if all goes well, and we go all 
the way, J will still have seven games 
to do that in." 

While one goal was all it took for 
the win, Dickey secured five of the 
total shots on goal in the game, while 
junior midfie1der Chelsea Campbell 
attempted four, with senior forward 
Alisc Malley, junior mid fielder Ali 
Lai and Ryan taking three shots 
apiece. 

Though the Tritons were hav-
ing difficulties putting their shots 
through, they limited the Gators to . 
only four shots on goal and outshot 
them by a 28-7 margin with a 9-2 
advantage in corner kicks. 

"They gave us more time 'with 
ball possession and didn't attack as 
strongly, so we ended up taking too 
many touches and passes instead 
of making the right one and just 
going for it," junior forward Kathy 
Sepulveda said. " It hurt our urgency 
to score but we still did what we came 
to do." ~ 

Perhaps another reason fo r the 
disrupted play was the injury of one 
of the Tritons' key players, senior 

mid fielder Heather Sugg. who left 
the game in the 87th minute with a 
broken foot and will now be unable 
to fmish the season. 

'Sugg is one of our strongest play-
ers, centerfield especially, and when 
we lost her, our team really had to 
rise up to the occasion and compen-
sate for her loss," sophomore forward 
Natasha Belak-Berger said. 

The Tritons refreshed their old 
habit of second-half comebacks in 

•.. When we lost [Sugg], 
o team really had 

to rise to the occasion 
and compensate for 

her loss?' 
- Natasha Belak-Berger 

Sophomore Forward 

the Cal State Monterey Bay game, 
saving ~oth goals for after halftime, 
made by lead scorers Cochran and 
Sepulveda, who each earned their 
ninth goals on the season within 
three minutes of one another. . 

Sepulveda took the ftrst initiative, 
putting through a pass from Dickey 
on a long ball over the back of the 
defense. Sepulveda challenged the net 
and beat the Otter gpalkeeper one-
on-one for the goal. 

Cochran followed her lead and 
made an unexpected shot after one 
of the Ca l State Monterey Bay oppo-

nents nudged senior forward Alise 
Malley out of the way, causing the 
ball to shoot forward and rebound 
off of Cochran's cleat near the pen-
alty line, which she redirected into 
the net for a 2-0 lead. 

"All of the seniors are a little 
more emotionally involved because 
it is our last season, but the whole 
team was reaUy relieved to store 
again," Cochran said. 

The shutout was interrupted in 
the 85th minute when the Otters 
beat sophomore alternate goalie Mia 
Shirley to trail by one for the remain-
der of the game. 

The No.3 team now focuses all 
of its energy toward its first semifi-
nal match of the 2006 CCAA wom-
en's soccer championships against 
Humbolt State, which will be hosted 
at home at 7 p.m. on Ocl. 27 at 
Triton Soccer Stadium. 

This will ·be the first time the 
Lumberjacks made it to the champi-
onships and the sixth consecutive time 
for the Tritons, who have a 4·-0-I all-
time record against Humbolt State. 

This will be the second time these 
two top-notch teams face each other 
this season, with the first matchup 
resulting in a 1- 1 draw on Oct. 1. 

"All of us are really stoked 10 
play and focused on going all the 
way this time," Belak-Berger said. 
"Our coach keeps telling us that 
we have the lalent if we just come 
prepared and it is always better to 
have the home advantage. All that 
cheering and support from fans and 
the added feeling of personal pride 
from playing on our home field can 
really make the difference." 

Cheap Sneakers Speak to the Masses 
• MARBURY, from page 16 
to send tickets for when the Knicks 
come to Los Angeles to face the 
Lakers. 

"I knew that it was real:' Patton 
said. "I knew that Stephon was com-
mitted, Steve and Barry's was com-
mitted, the product was good and the 
market was right:' 

According to Marbury, he is not 
just lending his name to a brand, 
but is 100 percent involved in every 
aspect. You know what? J believe him. 
Maybe it's because he was one of those 
kids who couldn't afford to spend so 
much for a sneaker, but he really does 
seem to care about the people - and J 
know his love for children is genuine. 

LastDav 
register 2 v~e 

OpenMic 
at Oceanview Terr. 

Warren 
VldeoGame 

Tournament 
things like these are 

happening in _and 
around UCSD but you 

won't know the 
critical details until 

they advertise in 

THE~DIAN 

When asked how they could 
afford to keep the prices so low, he 
just replied by saying that the com-
pany has a system in place. 

1 don't know what that system is 
or how much profit he can make, but 
people seem to embrace the Starbury 
brand, and that might matter just 
as much, if not more, than making 
money. • 

From jackets to jeans to shoes, 
Marbury's line has everything to 
complete your ward rope. While some 
of the items do look a little cheap, it's 
amazing how a jacket can cost $10 
and slilliook pretty good. 

I'm not saying this is the greatest 
thing ever, and maybe it's not a revo-

lutionary movement, but it's kind of 
cool. Even though Marbury was one 
of the last athletes 1 expected this 
from , it seems real. 

This brand is going somewhere. 
It has plans to continue to develop, 
including women's wear and other 
potential sports-type products, while 
keeping its prices low. 

"Everything is going to stay consis-
tently priced where it is," Patton said. 
"That's the Steve and Barry's business 
model and that's the Starbury brand 
promise:' 

Keep an eye on Marbury and the 
Knicks this season. If they're finally 
able to turn it around and make the 
playoffs, it's got to be the shoes. 

2 am - it's not just tor Finals an,Ymore! 

~ 
UCSanDi~o 

Starting October 2~, Geisel Librar:y 
(except the Science f, EnSnea;' IS L~ 

will stay open until 
2am 

Cinetead of midnitJ*) 
Sunda'y through Thursda'y 

(duringac:admic ~) 
For complete libra~ houns, aoe: 

http://librariee.uc:ad.edu/servicee/houra.htmI 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

One-Goal Margins Prove Costly for Team 
• SOCCER, from page 16 
in conference play. However, it was 
senior day for the Otters, and they 
came out playing a quick. physical 
style that allowed them to jump on the 
Tritons early. In the 25th minute, after 
receiving a pass from freshman for-
ward Andy Breauit, junior midfielder 
Juan Gutierrez found junior midfielder 
Ben DeVoll in the box, 10 yards from 
the goal. DeVoll aushed a shot into 
the top right comer of the goal to put 
the Otters ahead 1-0. 

"Cal State Monterey Bay came 
out with a lot of energy and really 
surprised us," junior mid fielder Tom 

. Winkler said. "We could never quite 
match their intensitY' 

The Otters' second goal came only 
24 seconds into the second half, when 
junior midfielder Kyle Satow shot a 
laser into the back of the net. DeVoll 
and Gutierrez assisted on the goal. 
The Tritons outshot the Otters by a 
margin of 14 to I I, but still could not 
put the final touch on the ball and 
convert shots to scores. 

The loss marked the end of the 
season for the Tritons, and for the 
seniors on the team, the end of their 
collegiate careers. Despite the frus-
trating season, Tannenhaus looked 
back on his soccer career at UCSD 
with fondness. 

"Playing soccer de.finitely brings 
a balance into my life and I cannot 
imagine going to school without it," 
Tannanhaus said. "I guess it's time to 
go sign up for intramurals now~ 

Winkler believes that the Tritons 
have the opportunity to be a much 
better team next season. 

"We bad a lot of freshmen playa 
lot of minutes this season, and hope-
fully they will understand the col-
lege game a little bit better next year," 
Winkler said. 

The first area UCSD will look \0 
improve during the off-season will 
certainly be the offensive side of the 
ball. During the final 11 matches of 

the season, the Tritons posted a record 
of 1-9-1, and only managed to score 
three goals during that time. • 

"We just were not able to put two 
halves together offensively the entire 
year, .it seemed," Wtnlder said. "It is 
unacceptable to lose games by one 
goal over and over again." 

Tannenhaus attributed the lack of 
offensive output to damaged confi-
dence. . 

"Once we started getting shut out, 
we were never rea1ly able to regain our 
confidence," he said. 

The frustrating season was not 

without its highlights however, as 
the Tritons had many memorable 
moments. 

Senior midfie1der Mark Moreira 
led UCSD offensively with seven 
goals and three assists on the year. 
Freshman midfielder Tony Choi, who 
provided some game-winning heroics 
in the early part of the season, added 
four goals and four assists. Sophomore 
goalkeeper Luis Salazar led the team 
in saves with 54, while freshman 
goalkeeper Joshua Vasquez played 
extremely well down the stretch, post-
ing a save percentage of .833. 

ERIK JEPSEN/GUARDIAN FILE 
Fmhman goalkeeper Joshua Vasqun made 25 saves in six appearances this seoson, but 
came up short against the Otters, giving lip one goal on one shot in defeat. 

WilTH THIS AD: 

15% off kayak 
(over $499) 

25% 0 ff anyone accessory 
25% off tours and rentals 

Offer good for UCSO faculty 
and students only with valid 10 

819 San Fernando Place 
San Diego, CA 92109 

858-488-5599 
www .allenskayaks .com 

HIKE BIKE 
KAYAK 

KAYAK TOURS AND RENTALS 
BIKE TOURS AND RENTALS 

SURFING LESSONS 

25% offfor 
UCSD students 

and faculty 
with this ad 

(you MUST bring your UCSD 10) 

2246 Avenida de la Playa 
La Jolla, CA 92037 
858-551 -9510 

www .hikebikekayak .com 

15 MIN. FREE FOR 
1 ST TIME CUSTOMERS 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
SPECIALIZING IN PROB LEM CASES 

AND SENSITIVE SKIN 

BY APPOINT"ENT ONLY CALL 858-388-3785 

TuE~ READ UCSD 
Mondays & Thursdays 

Friday, October 27 
UCSD TrltoIlS VSt Humboldt State - 7:00PM 

Sunday, . October 29 
Championship Game 

Men - 11 :30PM Women - 2:00PM 
-



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Danai Leininger 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

~ HOT CORNER 
THE\ttCGUARDIAN Megan Dickey 

P The senior midfielder scored the game-S 0 RTS Women's Soccer winner over San Francisco State for her seventh on the season and assisted both goals 
• ~Df£Gc:j fQr the 2-1 win over Cal State Monterey Bay. 

_____________________ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2006 ~~_ ... ,. ... __ ~ _______ ...... ____ • 

Marbury's 
Marvelous 
Marketing 
For most profe sional athletes, their reputation on the court precedes them - and Stephon 
Marbury is a good example of that. 

The hoot-fir t point guard of the 
ew York Knicks is often seen as self-

ish, cocky and even as a jerk. So it 
surpri ed me to hear that, in the mid t 
of trying to revive the Knicks with new 
head coach Isaiah Thomas, Marbury 
has launched his own clothing and 
shoe line called Starbury. 

What's the big deal, you a k? It's 
not the fact that he launched his own 
brand, but the strange concept behind 
it. 

Every Single item in the Starbury 

Semi-Pro 
Fan 

Paul Choi 
wkchoitwcsd.edu 

collection is $15 or less, including 
a high-performance basketball hoe, 
which he will wear during the upcom-
ing NBA season. 

"The inspiration behind it is to 
have people go to the store and buy 
what they want and what they need at 
the same time, and be able to pay for it 
at an affordable price:' Marbury said. 

in reality, Marbury is a laid-back 
guy who has always been a charitable 
person. He was one of the top donors 
to the Hurricane Katrina relief efforts 
among athletes and he continues to 
give back to his neighborhood on 
New York's Coney Island. 

He recently visited 42 cities in 17 
days and held autograph sessions in 
a retail chain store, Steve and Barry's. 

"The Starbury movement tour was 
conceived to extend the brand, to 
extend the excitement, to extend the 
momentum and it's al 0 a way of 
saying thank you:' said Erin Patton, 
principal of The Mastermind Group, 
the marketing agency that played a 
large part in the successful launch of 
Michael Jordan's signature brand and 
is now part of the Starbury collec-
tion. "[Marbury] wanted to person-
ally go to big cities [and] small cities 
to spread this movement, because it's 
such a positive thing:' 

As I sat in at a igning in Anaheim, 
I began to wonder if this was a gim-
mick. In a day where a pair of Nikes 
can run up to $200, what is Marbury 
trying to achieve? 

"We felt like now was the time for 
change," Marbury aid. "The tour has 
been great. They have been showing 
us a lot oflove:' 

I watched as he shook every single 
hand and signed countless things for 
hundreds of customers and fans. Just 
about every parent canle up to express 
gratitude, while teenagers bought two 
or three pairs of his shoes at a time. 

"The consumer is the voter and 
this is the ballot box," Patton aid. 
"They come out consistently and the 
hoes have sold out everywhere. In 
ew York, there's still .lines every sin -

gle day for people who want to get 
the shoes." 

It has been good new for the 
Starbury line, which has relied heav-
ily on word-of-mouth marketing 
as oppo ed to traditional means of 
adverti ing. 
. When a kid came up to the table, 
Marbury's face lit ul" and he turned to 
me and aid, "I mi s my kids, man ." 

After meeting an overly enthu-
ia tic and handicapped Knicks fan , 

Marbury got his information in order 

r MARBURY, page 14 I 

Lady Tritons Two Games from Title 
Women's soccer wins 
close games to clinch 
top conference seed. 

By Nicky Buchanan 
ASS O CIATE SPORTS ED ITO R 

The No.3 UCSD women's occer 
team finished off its 2006 regular 
season, pushing its winning treak 
to II games on victories over San 
Francisco State on Oct. 20 and Cal 
State Monterey Bay on Oct. 22. 

The fi nal scores of 1-0 and 2-
I, respectively, seemed very nar-
row for the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association South Division 
champions, who had won their pre-
vious four matches by a margin of 
two goals or more. 

Nonetheless, the Tritons' impres-
sive overall record of 16-1 -2 has 
exploded way beyond those of San 
Francisco State (4-11 -4 overall ) 
and Cal State Monterey Bay (3- 16-
2 overall), giving UCSD plenty of 
confidence entering the playoffs. 

Despite clinching a playoff berth 
several games back, the Tritons' 
wins earned them much-needed 
points for nationals that would help 
to achieve a high seed. 

Senior mid fielder Kelly Cochran 
explained the complex ranking sys-
tem. 

"It's actually pretty scary;' 
Cochran said. "All the points are 
compiled and calculated by a com-
puter. It's all a math equation, not 
people's opinions of who is the bet-
ter team." 

It was also essential for the 
Tritons to win these past two games 
to stay on top of the NCAA Far 
West region, in which they nar-
rowly finished first ahead of Seattle 
University and Seattle Pacific 
University. 

JASO N CAMPA/GUARD IAN FILE 
Junior mid fielder Caitlyn Ryan helped secure the 1-0 win over San Francisco State on Oct. 20 by assisting the game-winning goal with 
a corner kick cross in the second half. The NO. 3 Tritons pushed their overall record to 16-1-2 on the SeasOIi. 

Senior mid fielder Megan Dickey 
took the gravity of these games 
into consideration and was a huge 
part of the Tritons' success on the 
road, contributing the winning goal 
against San Francisco State and 
assisting on both goals against Cal 

[ PLAYOFFS, page 14 ] 

Men's Soccer Season Ends in DisappointInent 
Tritons return home 
for long offseason 
after being held 
scoreless in final two 
road matches. 

By Brent Westcott 
STAFF W RITER 

The UCSD men's soccer teanl con-
cluded a frustrating season against 
San Francisco State and Cal State 
Monterey Bay, falling 1-0 on Oct. 20 
and 2-0 on Oct. 22, respectively. 

With the pair of losses, UCSD fin-
ished with an overall record of7-10-2 
and a record of 5-9-2 in California 
CoUegiate Athletic Association play. 

The Tritons' loss to San Francisco 
State was tlleir 15tll match of the sea-
on decided by one goal, and it came 

in a heartbreaking fashion. 
After dominating the Gators on 

both sides of the ball for nearly the 
entire match, freshman forward Dylan 
Glass scored witll only two minutes 
remaining to propel San Francisco 
State to the victory. 

UCSD out hot San Francisco State 
26-11, but was still unable to put 
any balls past junior goalkeeper Ezra 
Mendoza, something that ha plagued 
tlle team the entire year. 

"We were not aggressive enough 
when we got the ball in scoring posi-

UIK JEPSEN/GUARDIAN FILE 
The UCSD players were unable to keep Cal State Monterey Bay pinned, as the Tritons suffered a 2-0 loss to drop their overall record 
to 7-10-2. The Tritonsfinished the season with only one win since Sept. :10, leaving much to be desired/or next season. 
tion:' senior defenseman Dustin The Tritons continued their road newcomer came into the match with 
TarLDenhaus said. «We were not tak- trip with their fmal match of the an overall record of 2- 15-2 and \ -14-1 
ing guys on and being creative with season against CCAA bottom dwel1er 
the ball like we know we have to be." Cal State Monterey Bay. The CCAA [ SOCCER, page 15) 


