
\ III· .. · 

rHIS El.ECTION YEAR, MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE ~ QprNION, PAGE 4 

www. ucsdguardian. org MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Private Orgs 
Prop Up, Stem 
Cell Research 

Six groups loan $14 
million to stalled state 
science agency. 

By Charles Nguym 
NEWS EDITOR 

A handful of private organiza-
tions have pledged 514 million in 
loans to the state's new stem cell 
agency, providing an initial fund -
ing base to research that has been 
blocked by lawsuits. 

The California Institute for 
Regenerative Medicine, created by 
voters in 2004 through Proposition 
71, has the responsibilty of doling 
out a total of 53 billion - 5300 mil-
lion a year - in stem cell research 
funding. The distribution of that 
money, however, has been blocked 
by lawsuits filed by taxpayer and 
bioethics groups. The groups say 
that the stem cell agency violates the 
state Constitution because legislators 
have inadequate control over the 
taxpayer dollars that fund research. 

The Jacobs Family Trust and the 
Moores Foundation are two of the 
six private groups that agreed to 
the loans. Those groups continue a 
tradition of UCSD support, with UC 
Regent John Moores recently head-
ing an effort to establish a stem -cell 
research group, between several La 
Jolla groups. 

The consortium will include 
UCSD, the Burnham Institute, 
the Salk Institute and the Scripps 
Research Institute. 

"I believe strongly that this con-
sortium will, in time, lead to signifi-
cant scientific advances and life-sav-
ing results in the form of new thera-
pies and cures," Chancellor Marye 
Anne Fox stated in a press release. 

Now, with the possibility of real 
funding, similar stem cell groups 
across the state will be able to duck 
the court injunction. 

"California will be America's 
leader in stem cell research, which 
will not only benefit the tremendous 
need of people suffering from debili-
tating diseases and conditions, but 
will also help the California econ-
omy immeasurably;' philanthropist 
Eli Broad of the Broad Foundation 
stated in a press release. 

UCSD is beginning a search to 
hire a vice chancellor of health sci-
ences, a position that will be vacant 
since Edward Holmes announced his 
decision to resign earlier this month. 
Holmes served as a key negotiator in 
the consortium's establishment and a 
CIRM board member. 

Curre~tly, the private loans have 
not been divided among the state's 
stem cell research programs. It is 
unclear how much of the funding, if 
any, UCSD will receive. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

F 

.s~ 

Ca~didate Deba~e Gets .Na~ty 

BILLY WONC/GU,<,RD',<, N 
Thurgood Marshall College Elections Manager Katt Pillon, middle, as/cs questions of Student Voice! presidential candidate Harry 
Khanna, left, and Tritons United! opponent Dahiel Watts, who squared olf on April 6 in an oft-bitter debate. 

Both presidential 
candidates pull no 
punches over each 
other's platforms. 

By Dora SchcidJinger 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

In a debate between two presi-
dential campaigns built on simi-
lar platforms, candidates Harry 
Khanna and Daniel Watts resort-
ed to more personal attacks. 

Overall, both candidates said 
they were committed to student 

power at UCSD. Khanna, the cur-
rent A.S. vice president of academ-
ic affairs, said he was more apt to 
achieve the goals, and emphasized 
Watts' lack of experience in the 
student government. 

However, Watts, a fifth -year 
veteran of UCSD politics, touted 
himself as a reform candidate. 
His Tritons United! slate is based 
largely on fIXing a "corrupt" A.S. 
Council, he said. 

However, when it came to spe-
cific questions, the two candidates 
mostly had the same answers. 

During the debate, Khanna's 
opening statement highlighted 

three general principles of his 
slate: a,>cess to higher education, 
student government autonomy 
and an improvement of the cam-
pus climate. 

"I'm going to get the ball roil-
ing," Khanna said of his drive to 
improve the campus. 

Watts' opening statement, how-
ever, focused largely on Khanna. 

"In 2003, I ran for California 
governor while my opponent 
was still in high school," he said. 
"Harry's been in A.S. for nine 
months and nothing's gotten 

r DElATE, page 3 1 

AN ELE·CTION 
BETWEEN 
FRIENDS? 

. 

By DavidJohnston 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Believe it or not, A.S. presidential 
candidates Daniel Watts and Harry 
Khanna have been long-time friends. 
But the mudslinging and personal 
attacks during this year's campaign is 
testing their relationship. 

Initially, their friendship brought 
Watts and Khanna to an understand-
ing: The bureaucracy of elections 
destroys democracy. In years past, 
slates would use minor A.S. election 
bylaw infractions to disqualify candi-
dates, a practice that both candidates 
wanted to avoid, Khanna said. Their 
solution was an informal agreement, 
between friends, to not file formal 
grievances during the elections. 

Since then, both have regretted 
their accord. 

While not a single formal charge 
has been submitted against any candi-
date, neither slate has curbed its public 
condemnations of each other. 

In an April 3 Guardian article, 
Khanna vaugely referenced bylaw vio-
lations. He has since specified, and 
said that Watts' slate violated elections 
bylaws by campaigning early. Khanna 
denounced vice president of finance 
candidate April Deibert for aIlegecUy 
promoting her candidacy in an e-mail 
to the Vietnamese Student Association 
on March 2, a month before official 
campaigning was allowed to begin. 

Deibert denies violating any bylaw. 
She said that the e-mail merely shared 

[ CANDIDATES, page 12 1 

Campus Seeking Discounts for Hefty Expansion Price Tag 
Although the project 
is estimated to be over 
budget, construction 
board is optimistic. 

By Charles Nguym 
NEWS EDITOR 

Under the circumstances. there's a 
silver lining to the 55 million in cost 
overruns of the Price Center expan-
sion, according to University Centers 
Director and acting Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Student Life Gary R. 
Ratcliff. 

The expansion was initially 58 
million over budget, but a contrac-
tor's proposal to rebid and small 
redesigns will cut costs by 53 mil-
lion, campus senior architect Jay w. 
Smith said. 

In comparison to other campus 
projects ~ including Rady School 
of Management and Biomedical 
Library, which were both 30 percent 

SP(~T' 

over budget - the cost of the Price 
Center expansion has remained 
largely as estimated. 

"It's a seller's market right now," 
Smith said. "So it's not bad, consider-
ing other projects weve run into over 
the last two years." 

Due to a "superheated" construc-
tion market, construction costs have 
gone up about 40 percent since 2003. 
The campus estimated only an 18-
percent rise, which has left a large hole 
to fill, according to Smith. 

The University Centers Advisory 
Board, which is spearheading the 
multimillion-dollar Price Center proj-
ect, met April 7 to begin concocting 
a plan to bring the price tag within 
levels of the student-approved refer-
endum passed in 2003, which will pay 
for the project. 

UCAB remains confident that it 
can cover the extra costs of the expan-
sion, Ratcliff said. UCSD Bookstore 
has aJready pledged funds for por-
tions of the project. 

-It's better than the alternative [of) 

ALEXANDER V,<,ROND/Gu,<,RD',<,N 
Though the Price Center expansion was initially $8 million over budget, a rebidding 
process and other cuts reduced overruns to about $5 mil/ion. 
rebidding the whole project," he said. 

An entire rebid would severely 
delay the project's timeline. In addi-
tion, the rising costs would make cut-
ting the price tag difficult, Ratcliff 

said. Currently, construction has been 
delayed by about four weeks. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen at 
charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

""fATHER 
Doin' the Bull Dance Going, Going, Gone Currents .................................. 2 Lights and Sirens .. ............... .. 3 April 1 0 ApriIll 
A UCSD alumnus talces his interest in 
buJqighting traditions to a new leveL 
P' e I} 

Four home runs in one game help 
the Tritons over Cal Poly PomlOOO:'~ InFocus .................................... 9 

H63 LSO H6SLS1 

Classifieds ............................. 13 

Campus Calendar ........... ..... 14 
April 12 April 13 

H68 L54 HnLS6 



2 NEWS 

We're All in This T ...... · .. , .... 

CURRENTS 
Prof Receives 

Music Fellowship 
As one of the Guggenheim 

Fou ndation's 187 honorees this 
year, UCSD music professor, pianist 
and cOrllposer Anthony Davis has 
been selected to receive a fellow-
ship ranging between $20,000 and 
$50,000. 

The award will allow Davis to 
concentrate more on his current 
projects, most notably his latest 
opera, "Wakonda 's Dream," a story 
about an American Indian family. 
The opera includes both a cham-
ber orchestra and nontraditional 
aspects, including synthesizers, and 
is set to open in Omaha, Neb., next 
February. 

The Guggenheim Foundation 
has awarded nearly $275 million 
in grants since 1925 to "men and 
women who have already demon-
strated an exceptiona I capacity for 
productive scholarship or excep-
tional creative ability" and is one of 
the few remaining organizations to 
award fellowships to composers. 

Water Responsible 
for Ant Invasion 

Two UCSD biologists have dis-
cove red that Argentine ants need 
damp soil to live and breed and 
that people who implement strict 
watering limits in their gardens and 
ya rds may be able to get rid of ants 
without using toxic pesticides . 

Scientists have long suspected 
that water plays a role in the spread 
of ants, but until now had no proof. 
To obtain results, the researc hers 
irrigated normally dry land and 

determined that the water led to 
a 54-percent increase in the num-
ber of ant nest sites in the areas. 
However, they discovered that once 
they stopped watering the soil, the 
number of ants returned to pre-irri-
gation levels. 

Argentine ants are very small, 
brown ants native to South America 
and are thought to have entered 
the United States via ships carrying 
coffee from Brazil during the 1890s. 
In California, the ants have thrived, 
and in the process have displaced 
many native species and become 
common household pests. 

New Method Hush~s 
Unwanted Noise 

A new mathematical algorithm 
designed to improve existing noise-
cancellation technology has been 
developed by UCSD researchers, 
improvi ng the ability to generate 
destructive interference, the com-
bination of anti-noise signals that 
destroy unwanted sounds. 

Noise-control methods may be 
able to reduce he licopter or air-
plane cabi n noises by as much as 
40 decibels, but in the process can 
lead to unwanted acoustic feed-
back, which occurs when anti-noise 
signals feed back into the system's 
microphone and are amplified to 
sound like shrill whistles. 

However, unwanted sounds can 
be canceled by the new algorithm. 
To do this, researchers have used 
the algorithm to change noise-can-
cellation signals in the presence of 
acoustic feedback to lead to hun-
dreds of new applications, includ-
ing muffling the sounds of urban 
traffic and air-conditioning systems. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

CALLUS 
FORWIqJJ 

• \\~,\l\\~S STUDENT DISCOUNT EVERYDAY' I ~,,?l\l\l\\IIS GET A PIZZA FREE! P.. I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

One Large One Toppmg Pizza 

$7.99 
Umlted dotlwry ••• . Detlwry Chill" M., Apply. p., Plw Ii more. 

Volld otudont 10 requir"Od. No elI_. It the _ . You.- ... lor t .... 
_ when ordor1~. Nat .0I1d will.., OIher _. CUII_ ,.,. 01' 

oppIlcable ..... t • . YIIId only 01 so County P_ '-'. PIID Storn. 
ExpIrw 12/10/01 

Buy One, Get One 

I FREE 
..,---.................. -~ ......... I I ......... p., PIID 11_. limited deIIWry .... DIIItv.y c ... .. 

I Mar Apply. Not Yilid wlh 8IIY other 1IIfItr. CUIl_ ~. III _1C1IIIe I 
I ..... till. YIIId only lit so County PIfIIe John'. Pizza 91_. I ExpIne 12/10/01 . 

p~\\I\'\l\\~S PIZZA PARTY! : v~9l\1\l\\~S HIRING DRIVERS! 
TWO LARGE 
Two Topping 

PIZZAS 

I $18.99: 
I Umlled dell_r .el . Dell_r Cheri" Mar ~ppty. p., PIID 11-',1 Not yllid wlh any at ..... offer. CU8Iamer pay. III appIlClbIe ..... 11111 I VoIld only II so county PIIPI John'. PIUI 9Iores. 

Earn up to 
$14/hr. (hourly + tips) 

CIIII or atop br ,..,. John'. at UTe 
4130 La Jolla Village Drive ••• 11 •••• I ______ ~~~L~ __ _ 

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 

,.. .. 00l0I 
IIIodiMlr ~ ........ WIooI 

Ion s.1'On 

==c..,-ChorIn,....,... 
-,.. 
~McAnIe - ........ 
Mw'-MNden 1J!oIII---

-c.nop 
...... 0fI0I00-

boIltrI_ 
.... -

DoN1lHllnser 
-Sporto-

O1ritIIMP .. -,.. 
__ federi< 

--.,... 
ea.rI.Nibw" ........ 

ChrlJllnt CIork 

---
CiOIIeF_ 

Billy~ 
..... -

Alexander V.rond _ ......... 

AndrewNS""", ~,.. 

Riley s."nt·Pearce AII_ 

-~ M>I1hew~_ 
Rlchord 0>0" Ni~~ """'" $hoou, lJI.ko u.dt, 5(oIoM WIhon 
Nini 8ui, Ctms ~~....., MIIIrdoz .. 

-0..., 

Kolhtrirro MtCaII -.-~ 
*hoel_ ...... -.. 

MlcMIoT$II ...... .w..toirow~ 
Vince Gi¥ntino ~ .... 
MlIIe_ 

........ -
Josh Rose ~ 

--
Kim·1one le, r __ in 

~ ............ 
COOl!" ~ IiChoN chol 

........ 
r .... Suchl" c.u, ,-, T...or 01 ... 

The UCSD Gwrdi.n i. ,.bli.~ed Monell]. 
,nd Thurodlys durins .he '<ldemic 1'0" OY 
UCW 51udoni. _rod for die UCSO com_nily. 
R .... oductlotl of this "~ Irt .ny form, 
Whether In ~ or in pII\ wid_ permls -on IS 
striclt,l pro ......... 0 2006, all r ............ ed. The 
UCSD GwItII'" is ftOI respontllll"'he return of 
unsolic~ .. uscripts or in. The wIIws upres5ed 
herein do ... necessarily re,...... the opinions 
~~ t~~!~C;:~t!~eT~~g ~u~~~~~n:! 
funded solely by .<Iv.rti.ing. Misturb;otion se.· 
sion, part deu;(, 

General Editorial: 856-534-6580 
editor@ucsdgumiiMl.org 

New>; IIS&-:DHm. .... '8ucsd!uort11On."'8 
foc""_S2l6,f .. , .... ~."'8 

~Iotus: 85f.~, h/Musf/uadjrJIIIrJ.o<J 

tEo • 85f.SJ4.6582, opiniontlucSds ...... ·"'8 . 85f.SJ4.6.IB2,~.o<J o: 85f.SJ4.6.IB2,~""'."'8 
Advertising: 8511-534-~ 
ads@ucsdguatdian.OI8 

Fax: 856-534-7691 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torfto ~ 
(858'1152-99119 I L _______________________ _ 

•• 

AMERICAN • JAPANESE • EUROPEAN & SlNS 
foc:IoIy MaiIlllnaMe • Scheduled CompuIw & EIectricxII R8pain 

General AuIamoM R.pain 

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 

LIGHTS & SIRENS---
FridGy, MInd! 31 
12:50 Lm.: Domatic DiIturb&ce 
• Officers received call from the San 
Diego Police Department. Subject 
claimed that there were sounds of 
physical violence in suspect's apart-
ment and abuse was a chronic problem. 
Unknown weapons. Repcm taken. 
12:44 p.m.: DJepI PukiDg 
• Officer initiated activity at Muir 
Field. VerNl warning issued. 
2:43 p,m.: SlUpiciolU Penon. 
• Two black male adults and 
one white male adult in their late 
teens tried to pull down a street 
sign at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

SGturrIDy, April J 
5:46 p.m.: Hot Prowl Burglary 
• Occurred on Regents Road in a 
downstairs apartment. A black male 
jumped over a fence and entered the 
apartment through a sliding door. 
Subject did not see suspect leav.e. 
0jJicer conducted a field interview, 
Sunday, April 2 
12:49 Lm.: IlIepl Cam,.. 
• Officer initiated activity at Lot 704. 
Officer conducted a field interview. 
4:33 Lm.: Noile DiIturIIaace 
• Laughing and loud voices occurred 
at Sixth College Apartments. Qdl was 
canceled after dispatch. 
II :35 a.m.: IUepI PuIdn& 
• A blue Chevy Tahoe was parked 
illegally at Lot 504. 
10:18 p,m.: Wep1 Parking 
• About 5e\9 vehicles were blocking a 
driveway at Canyon VIsta. 
11:27 p,m.: FIrcworb I>Isturbuce 
• Officer initiated activity at Thurgood 
MarshaIJ College field. Subjects were 
gone on arrival. 

M~April3 
12:21 Lm.: Drunk DriYins 
• Officer initiated activity with pos-
sible gang members at Lot 103. Repcm 
taIcm. 

1:19 Lm.: AkoboI Contact . 
• Officer initiated activity and con-
ducted a field interview at Tenaya Hall. 
2:56 Lm.: Sulpidoua C1rcumataDces 
• Subject heard a door slam In the 
Social Sciences Building when she 
thought she was the only person in the 
building. Chedced out OK. 
4:26 p.m.: Medic:aI Aid 
• An 18-year-old female fainted at 
Gilman Parking Structur.e. 
6:20 p.m.: SuapidouI Penon 
• A white male with a ponytail. goatee 
and gray shirt was on Regents Road. 
Checked out OK. 
8:53 p,m.: Citizen Contact 
• A subject was worried about an ex-
boyfriend who might have been trying 
to contact her. 
11:22 p.m.: DiIabIed Placard Misuse 
• Officer Initiated actIvity at Lot' 357. 
Subject cited. 

T~April4 
1:23 Lm.: Citiun ContICt 
• Occurred at Thurgood Marshall 
CoUege Apartments. Suspect was infat-
uated with a subject. Officers advised 
subject not to contact suspect and doc-
ument future pbone calls. Subject SDid 
she would purs~ a restraining order. 
1:57 LIft.: Noise DiJturbuce 
• Loud talking occurred at Sixth 
College Apartments. Subjects were 
quiet on arrivaL 
9:44 Lm.: Suapidoua Penon 
• A black adult male in his 30s wear-
Ing yellow shoes was spotted at Gilman 
Parking Structure. Suspect could have 
been from a previous case. Suspect was 
gone on arriwll. 
2:03 p.m.: Petty Tbeft 
• A latIno male nonaffiliate was 
detained at UCSD Bookstore. 
6:09 p.m.: Poe. miDI! 01 Marijuaoa 
• Officers found three to four females 
Inside Harlan Hall smoking marijuana. 
Subjects had chronic problems. 

- By Charles Nguym 
NEWS EDITOR 

TH~ UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Candidates Target Each Other's Res~mes 
• DEBATE, from page 1 
done." 

A change of pace is needed for 
the council, Walls said, proudly 
addIng that he has never been on 
the council. 

The debate, moderated by 
Thurgood Marshall College 

Electi~ns Manager and Senior 
Senator Kate PiJlon, questioned the 
candidates about their priorities, 
espedally If voters pass a new fee 
referendum that would boost the 
pot of student fees in the council 
budget. 

Khanna said he would put a 
hefty amount of the money toward 
programmIng, which could help 
the office book top-tier bands for 
campus concerts. 

While Walls said he would do 
the same, he attacked the council-
members for the way they word-
ed the referendum. Though the 
referendum could pump up the 
programmIng budget, the council 
would also be allowed to shift cur-
rent programming funds to other 
areas. 

"It's an underhanded way for 
the student governmenf to raIse 
your fees in order to fund theIr 
own pet projects," Walls told stu-
dents during the debate. 

. In rebullal, Khanna said Walls 
spends student funds on his own 
"pet projects," specifically more 
than $900 on the T,.uth· About 
UCSD, a newspaper Walls pub -
lished slammIng the A.S. Council 
for fiscal irresponsibHity, among 
other charges. . 

"A lot of WallS' promises ring 
really hollow when we look at the 
other things he's done; Khanna 
said. 

To increase UCSD's local pres-
ence, both candidates advocated 
increasIng appreciation for campus 
athletics. Walls backed a plan to 
sell Triton apparel at local malls. 
Khanna, meanwhile, said he is 
pushing for on-campus space for 
a Triton Store, where discounted 
Triton gear would be sold to bol-
ster school spirIt. 

Walls questioned the feasi -
bility of funding the store, which 
forced Khanna to answer quickly: 

( 

s been in A.S . 
r nine months 
and nothing's 
gotten done." 
- (janiel Watts, Tritons 

United! Presidential 
Candidate 

"Have you ever worked witb people 
before?" 

The presence of athletics Is cur-
rently hinging on a campus schol-
arship plan, whIch could provide 
aid for every eligible athlete. Both 
Khanna and Watts heavily support-
ed the plan, but got testy about each 
other's statements. Khanna claimed 
that Walls' answer Implied that ath-
letic grants and aid would hun aca-
demics on campus. 

Walls responded frankly: 
"Harry, listen to what I say. I said 
athletIc grants and aid could dam-
age our academIc reputation, not 
that it would make academIcs suck 

. .. Get a thesaurus." 
While A.S. Council autonomy 

was the foundation of both Walts' 
and Khanna's platform, both agreed 

. that Independence of the council is 
a large hurdle. 

Watts said thaI the council 
would go bankrupt, refe rring to the 
problems of UC Berkeley's student 
government, If It was not finan -
cially supported by the adminIs-
tralIon. 

"All we run Is Soft Reserves and 
Lecture Notes," he said. "If we are 
going to talk about autonomy we 
have to be self-sufficient." 

The final question focused on 
the candIdates' methods to improve 
the campus climate. 

While both canaIdates agreed 
UCSD needs to beller represent 
mInority communi lies, a question 
on the subject was a catalyst for 
personal attacks. 

Watts slammed Khanna's 
Student Voice! slate for writing 
"racist and sexist" comments on 
online message boards about his 
slate members. Watts contInued his 
assault on Khanna, asking, "W1)y 
haven't you and A.S. done any of 
the thIngs you said you were going 
to do when you were all elected?" 

As vice president of academIc 
affairs, Khanna said it was not his 
place to reform the council. He 
emphasized that he is now running 
to "get th ings done." 

The debate was split into three 
parts, in which each candidate 
answered questIons created by the 
electIons committee, from each 
other and those from the audience. 

Readers CD" contact DoraScheidlinge,. 
aJ dscheIdl@ucsd.edu. 

stJCSD I Writers Wanted 

& 
• 

Cbed. _.~.org 
(or .pplicatiollS 

• 

FOR MORE INFO, CALL 822.2068 
or visit theuniversltycenters.ucsd.edu 



4 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org 

THE '" ,.z GuARDIAN ~ 
OPINION 

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 

Web poD I What will be the main issue in the A.S. election? 
• Stances on soCial justice 
• Rules fOf student org allocation requests 

E:J Funding (Of' student·initiated otureach 
o The future oj SRlV 
Vote OD tile ... questioa at "",.,.lltSiflllrdia.tlfJ. 

CRAFTING A NEW COUNCIL 
THE~IANEDITORIAL BOARD 

Vltidimir Kogan Charles Nguyen 
The Guardian's endorsements for the 2006-07 A.S. Council 

Dar Kh _________ __ 
PRESIDENT 

To summarize his campaign, Student Voice! head Harry Khanna likes to quote what has become the unofficial 
mantra of UCSD student government: "We 
will work with the university, we will work 
against the univerSity, but we will never work 
for the univerSity." 

His opponent, Daniel Watts, could appro-
priate that statement for his own vision -
since both candidates offer nearly identical 
policy manifestos. 

At the end, this board must Itase its 
endorsement on who we think is most likely to 
assemble a coalition and act politically savvy 
- if unsavory - enough to get his platforll! 
implemented once in office. That person, we 
believe, is Khanna. • 

We wholeheartedly support Khanna's plans 
to slowly muscle from Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Joseph W. Watson more con-
trol over registration fees and student-funded 
facilities. As it currently stands, Khanna is 
right to point out that students have all of the 
liabilities of owners of the latter. but none of 
the privileges. 

We Similarly believe that he understands 
what it takes to reform the "unnecessarily 
bungling bureaucracy" - the A.S. Council. 
Khanna's plans for an independent audit, 
something that this board has called for since 
last June, is long overdue - as is a comprehen-
sive committee to synchronize and modernize 
the A.S. governing documents and structural 
reorganization creating campuswide senators. 
Similarly, we trust Kharma in his pledge to 
finally introduce instant-runoff voting. 

On the budget front, Khanna is also right 
to call for elimination of funding for college 
councils and new accountability measures for 
student stipends that are coupled with regular 
performance reviews and impeachments of 
incompetent administrators. Along with his 
pledge to use the line-item veto to trim budget 

pork, the promise to toss outdated funding 
rules should help the council do more with 
its money. 

Though Khanna's three-principled plat -
form - access to higher education, student 
autonomy and improved campus climate 
- is familiarly vague and unrealistic, his 
vast political skill and powers of persuasion, 
a la Jenn Pae, should make him a far more 
capable administrator than current President 
Christopher Sweeten. After Sweeten's focus on 
state and national issues, Khanna's inward turn 
is much welcome. 

That said, we offer only the most positive 
assessment of Khanna's opponent. We strongly 
believe that no one loves UCSD more than 
Watts, and no one would bring more passion 
to the office of president. 

However, Watts' strength - his willingness 
to call bullshit and speak frankly - is also his 
biggest liability. In the world of political egos, 
he is likely to alienate as many as he converts. 

While Watts shares many of Khanna's 
major priorities, we fear that he too heavily 
discounts the institutional forces that stand in 
the way of council reform. We must disagree 
with Watts when he says all the student gov-
ernment needs is good and honest people to 
effect change; Similarly, we cannot view previ-
ous A.S. experience as an automatic limitation, 
as Watts does. 

During this past year, Khanna has taken 
stances that initially pitted him against the 
majority of the A.S. Council, and on the side 
of students: opposing Student-Run Television 
regulatiOns and lobbying for unrestricted stu-
dent access to the A.S. Iistserv. His reputation 
for having a knack for building dive~ coali-
tions should help him win over the senators 
as president. 

It is this patience and dexterity, we believe, 
that makes Khanna the stronger candidate in 
the race, 

MANAGING EDITOR GrCUlt ScJu-adcr NEWS EDITOR 
1/111 S. Port EDITOR IN CHIEf Marimutt Madden 

MANAGING EDITOR OPINION EDITOR 
The Guardian editorial board conducted 45·minute interviews with the 

candidates for each executive position and based its endorsements 
on these interviews as well as the other qualifications of each candi-

date. Endorsements represent the majority vote of the editorial board 
and are not necessarily of the views of the UC Board of Regents, the 

ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

All illustrations by Jennifer Hsu 

--' VICE PRESIDENT INTERNAL --

A weak vice president internal would be one • of the most devastating blows to the A.S. Council. As the proverbial glue for coun-
cilmembers, the vice president manages council 
meetings and appoints student representation to 
campuswide committees. lanine Oellomes, cur·· 
rently A.S. President Christopher Sweeten's public-
ity manager, has the common sense and upfront 
personality to effectively lead the office. 

Dellomes recognizes the selfless attitude senators 
need to form a smoothly run council. To perpetuate 
that attitude, OeIIomes says she will put her publicity 
experience to use, organizing leadership retreats and 
continuing Fomero's "Raising the Bar" events. 

Although her plans are a basic continuation of 
Fornero's initial strategies, Dellomes will depart 
from the current tenure in important ways. Fomero's 
enforcement of contracts dictating committee repre-
sentatives' allegiance to the views of the A.S. Council 
largely eliminates true student voices on conunittees, 
transforming the positions into mouthpieces for the 
council Oellomes, however, does not suppon the 
loyalty oaths, correctly depending on the committee 
members' expertise in their respective subject areas. 

In previous years, the vice president internal has 
had to continually battle with unacceptably low attendance at council meetings. OelIomes recog-
nizes the damage that the dull bureaucracy of meetings. Her magnetic enthusiasm should be able 
to cure such an ailment. 

Her competitor, Tritons United!'s Alida Coates, chose not to attend an endorsement interview 
with this board and did not return 
numerous calls for comment, which 
leaves this board unsure of her position 
or qualifications. If her candidate state-
ment is a reflection, however, Coates 
leaves much to be desired. Though 
Coates may possess other qualities, 
she has not proven otherwise to this 
board. OeIIomes, however, is certainly 
a qualified candidate for the slot. 

VICE PRESIDENT EXTERNAL -

Eddie Herrera is a politician, inside and out. Though it may not score him points with most students, from his signature suit jacket to his formal manner, Herrera would be able to exude a 
politician's professionalism that the other candidates do not possess. 

Though he's not a candidate members of this board would neces-
sarily want to have a beer with - the proverbial measure for national 
candidates - Herrera. we believe, would do the best job in repraent-
ing student interests abroad. 

Herrera has plans for all sectors of his office, including inside the 
A.S. Council But like his competitors, Herrera's furemost goal is to 
increase access and affordability to higher education. His obvious 
vigor gives him an edge in a position that needs passion. This year, 
resignation and controversy left the office depleted and ineffecti~ 
save some marginal victories. Herrera has the drive to protect student 
rights - which drew this board to Kevin Mann last year - at all stages 
of the political game. ' 

That dme could be too strong. however. His strategy to establish 
a Student Bill of Rights and an A.S. board of ethics may very well 
embody his desire to protect stu,dent rights, but they are idealistic 
and out of reach of the vice president's reaonsibilities. In his intervieW, 
Herrera ftIIt even so far u to tout Itudent safety on campus u one 
of his concerns - calling UCSD. quite Incorrectly, "one of the most 
dangmJus aunpuICI.- This board cautionI Iierm'a to frame his fenor 
with priorities In mind. FocusIng extemaI eftOru in the wrong areas 
couJd stretch the office thin. dJain8 the poaition Into a deeper hole. 

IDdependmt 0ppo-

Eddie 
Herrera 

nent M.n CornIa hu the experience to eft'ectMIy 
nm the office md hu the InRihdionallmcJwledae to 
know the nuances of poIitkaI lobbying eftOrta. HIs 
plan to consolidate San DiegOs coIIqa would IimlIuty 
provide a more efJectM political machine fur IoaI 
concerns, u MIl u a IarJer 10bbying conduit at the 
state 1ewl. Herrera wou1d be best served by adopting 
these Ideas u his own. 

Student VoiceI'. Pania 'I1IoIMI has a similar local 
vision, but Iesa experience. Although her raume u 
a deIepte to varioUI student-lnIerat orpruz.tions. 

eapedaIIy at the state and nationaIlewI, is strong. her experience with the A.S. CouDdIIa Iadduater 
at bea. The vice praidmt aternal will need to serw u a link between the council and other 8'M"I-
mental units, which IIIIkes HemraS weII·rounded p1atfurm the logical choice. 

Vote on TritonLink 24 hours a day, from 8 a.m. Monday, April 10 to 4 p.m. Friday, April 14 

MONDAY. APRil 10, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINIONS 

VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE __ VICE PRESIDENT OF 
ACADEMIC AFFAIRS --

Bry.ce Adam 
Murray 

I n all of the years the current members of this board have interviewed candidates for A.S. vice president fmance, we've never met one as intelligent and qualified as inde-
pendent Bryce Adam Murray. And with A.S. finances roiled 
by controversy over travel moneys and contradictory rules for 
student organization funding, he couldn't have come along at 
a better time. 

We must admit we were initially awed by Murray's intimate 
knowledge of each detail of the A.S. executive budget, his com-
mon-sense proposals to improve it and his historical perspec· 
tive. Whoever becomes the next president would be lucky to 
have Murray as their top financial adviser. 

As a current finance senator and fraternity head, Murray 
combines the perfect balance of outsider perspective and policy 
expertise. We trust his,pledge to streamline the funding process 
for student orgs and make the student government more trans-
parent through vigilant review of each funding request and by 
posting key financial data online. His plan for a Web forum to 
allow students to post anonymous feedback is similarly praise-
worthy. 

In an election that has needlessly politicized the A.S. bud-
get, including the question of proper funding for the Academic 
Success Program, Murray hilS stood behind his practical, if. 
unp0J:jular, stances, including the belief that funding cuts 
should be made across the board when necessary, not targeted 
at the least politically popular programs. Yet, he also seems 
willing to look beyond the numbers and include other qualita-
tive or ·softer" considerations in his calculus, an unusual qual-
ity for a numbers guy. 

His view of Student Organizations Funding Advisory Board 
reform is equally principled, combining structural changes 
with increased communication with student orgs, and Murray's 
proposal for a community-service projects line item is well 
thought out. 

In some ways, his Student Voice! opponent Connul Obuhi 
shares many of these strengths. However, Ohashi's failure to 
carry out substantive improvements during his tenure as chair 
of SOFAB makes us skeptical of his ability to translate his ideas 
into actual policy. 

Similarly, the third candidate, Tritons United! contender 
April Deibert is quite intelligent and well spoken, though we 
are troubled by her lack of experience and detailed understand-
ing of the fi.nance offi.ce. Deibert appears to .view her greenness 
as an asset, but we can hardly agree. Though she might turn out 
to be a skilled vice president, her success seems far from c·er-
tain; this board cannot simply endorse an outsider preaching 
change just because we are unsatisfied with the status quo. 

We agree with Oeiben that the finance office is in dire need 
of reform; however, not just any reform will ·do. Murray has the 
strongest skill set and most compr~hensive knowledge to carry 
out a restructuring that layYl foundation for the future, beyond 
his one-year term. 

W hile the vice president of academic affairs slot has been relatively inactive in past years, it remains a vital position to students. Tritons United!'s Matt Herrick could spread tbe office thin with 
outlandisb plans and unrealistic goals. 

Herrick promises to reform general education requirements, catering to 
student complaints of uneven standards across the six colleges. His strategy, 
however, is too similar to a grassroots campaign: He speaks of gathering 
student voices to push the administration into action . The plan, though 
idealistic, will not be able to break the UeSD's academic tradition of college 
separation. 

Rabia Paracha. the 
Student Voice! can-
didate, possesses the 
same idealism, but has 
feasible and specific 
goals. In order to push 
change for students, she 
plans to establish vot-
ing student representa-
tion on every Academic 
Senate committee. She 
has already proven 
her gusto for students 
by personally speak-
ing against proposed 
cuts for the Office of 
Academic Support and 
Instructional Services. 
Paracha does, however, 
show a worrisome alle-
giance to faculty that we 
hope she will abandon 
in favor of being an out-
spoken advocate for stu-

dents' concerns. Rabl-a Paracha As undergraduate 
representative on two 
Academic Senate com-
mittees, Paracha has formed strong ties with faculty. This board hopes that 
she will not be swayed by such associations, but to use such links to accu -
rately represent her constituents. 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS A_" __ 
: .............. . 

~ _ ..... _ .... -... . 

. . 

WEDNESDAY 
APRIL 12 
IAW.Y A • 12,. 

, • .':' I • " , , • ~. 



I) OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, APRIL 10,2006 

aaronbrothers· 
ART&FRAMING 

lntroduring the new A~ron Brothers Student Discount 
Progrmn. Bring your schoollD to Aaron Brothers and sign. 
up Jor a discount card good for 10% off all art supplies', 
induding brands such as Cmmbflcher, tiquilex, Canson, 
Prismacolor and more.' 

·CIITAIN I'STIlCTlON5 A'PlY 

VISI T II l'A RTlC. II'AT I NG AA RON BROTII £ RS STOR E ~'OR DETA IL ANO TO EN ROLL I N T il E PROGRAM . 

Encinila. Lo ..... -..,.., a-Ioo s- DIogo 
1092 N. EI Com;no Real, 510. B 8827 v .... La Jolla Rd 1530 Cnmino 0. La Ro;no. C· 2 2987 Jamocho Rd, SuOo 1\ 
Encinitas, CA 9202~ La JoIa. CI\ 92037 San Diogo, CI\ 92108 EI Cajon, CI\ 920 19 
1760)9.2-992. 1858) 457·5908 1619)~2'()152 (619)670-31~ 

EKondido Lo_ o.-Wo S- DIogo ... MWw.y 
I 106 W Valley PI<wy a..91 FIokI.or f't."y 2550Vo ... """, 2790 Midway IJ< 
EocondKlo, CA 92025 La MMa. CI\ 919.2 o.-.sido. CI\ 92054 San~, CI\ 92110 
17601.80·8_ (619) ~1 -2110 (7601 Q1·5201 (619) 224·2909 

~-
--

..,.. ..... ,..... .. 
.2.0 Koorny MMa II 09!1 10765 w..tnew PI<wy 16771 BomanIo a. 0.- I U So. Solana !GI, 0.-
Son Diogo, CA 92111 Son~, CI\92126 Son 1Mgo. CA 92128 Solana 1Ioach, CI\ 92075 
1858) 69A.()978 18581271 ·531. 18581 A.51 ·373A (858).n4-oeoo 

Connect with opportunities for a variety of majors! 
Wednesday, April 12th 
10:30a.m.-2:30p.m. 
Library Walk (PC Ballroom if rain) 

• 

• 

Meet informally with mo~e 
than 125 employers! 

- ACTIVITY FEE REFERENDUM -

Calling this year's ballot measure a "pro· grammlng referendum" is like renam· ing the federal income tax the "nation· 
aI security fee": It's disingenuous and attempts 
to hide the true heterogeneity of the uses of 
the students' money. 

As its supporters argue, the referendum 
- amounting to a 72 percent increase in 
student activity fees - would indeed raise 
hundreds of thousands 
for the A.S. Council's 
programming office, 
which puts on events 
like the Sun God fes-
tival and FaUFest. 
However, it would also 
almost guarantee that 
thousands appropriat-
ed for the office from 
the current activity fee 
would be funneled into other uses. 

In other. words, though the referendum 
would provide funds for the programming 
office, only a fraction of these would be new. 

It may be true that the time for higher gen-
eral fees has come. But such an increase must 
be openly debated on its own merits; a stealth 
tax that attempts to capitalize on the popular-
ity of the student government's best-known 
department is surely not what real democracy 
is all about. 

The council's arguments to justify more 
fees, to date, have fallen short. Though 
council members, including A.S. President 
Christopher Sweeten, have said that more 
money would allow the student government 
to do bigger and grander things, no one has 
offered concrete specifics for what to do with 
the extra money. Given the council's history, 
including the unexpected carryover in the 
beginning of this year, a windfall of money 
without an accompanying blueprint would 

likely be spent to increase the size of current 
programs, not create new ones. 

Two of the justifications used by referen-
dum supporters similarly make little sense. 
Other major UC campuses, they argue, have 
student governmen~s that control far larg-
er budgets; however, at these campuses, the 
governments also do much more for the 
stydents, and exploit other revenue sources. 
While the relationship between more services 
and higher fees is largely a chicken-or- the-
egg dilemma, it seems unlikely that UCSD 
administrators would permit the A.S. Council 
to take control of student-funded facilities 
- which UCLA student government cur-
rently has - or expand to the scale found on 
other campuses. 

Finally, supporters point out that activ-
ity fees haven't risen in years, and that the 

increase would simply 
make up for the loss 
of purchasing power. 
However, though 
campuswide fees have 
remained flat of late, 
individual college 
councils - Thurgood 
Marshall College, most 
recently - have been 
very active in introduc-

ing new fees and hiking existing ones. Before 
considering charging the students more, the 
A.S. Council must rethink whether it still 
makes sense to give more than $40,000 to 
coUege councils that can now afford to fund 
themselves . 

As a matter of principle, this board has 
long stood against ballot-box budgeting; we 
similarly oppose t.he lock-in provision in this 
referendum, which would require the new 
money to be used on the programming office. 
Democracy works best when voters select 
representatives to reflect their preferences in 
the budget process;Jf they fail, voters simply 
kick the rascals out of office, and elect new 
ones. Relying on complicated voter-defined 
formulas, as the state of California has learned 
recently, is a recipe for disaster. 

The interests ofUCSD students may indeed 
be served by giving the student government 
more resources. However, this referendum is 
a terrible way to do it . 

king the Most of the Job Fair 
Tuesday, April 11, 1 p.m.-3p.m. 

Coming to the Spring Job Fair? Get started 
with our essential tips on preparing for the 
Fair, making the best use of your time, and 
impressing potential employers! 
Have your resume handy for the second 
hour, when our expert career advisors will 
individually critique your resume and help 
you make it shinel . Discuss summer, internship, 

part-time, and full-time job 
opportunities Will you be there? Can't make It to the Job Fair? 

Try On-Campus Interviewing! II 
II 
II 
II 

Co-sponsored by 
"~Group' o...p..iiio • Il00 ___ _ 

the current list of visiting employ~rs 
at http://career.ucsd.edu/sa/jobfairs.shtml 

Top employers visit campus throughout the quarter to 
recruit for special internships and full-time positions. 
Learn who's coming and sign up for an interview by 
visiting http://ca,.....uc$d.eclu/sa/OCIHom • .shtm1 

___ . View OUI entin' C,PIII)(llvl'l1t~ (,liencl,H ,It (,HP"I \I(.,d ! du 
[ t:::L, - - - - l O(.lt. d \)11 [,b,,,1 Y Walk 
- Career Services Center ( , H r , 1 37' () 

I') J J' } 

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

-- COMMISSIONER OF ATfILETICS 
-T he sheer lack of competition for the commis- realistic. Her insistence that the Tritons are at least 10 

sloner of athletics post year after ye!lf should years away from a Division-I boost is refreshing to 
be testament enough hear and we are confident 

to the dearth of interest in that she will lead students 
Triton sporting prowess. down the path toward that 

But why do UCSD athlet- ultimate goal. But a few 
tcS take such a far second to things must be accom-
academics? Surely there could plished first. including 
be multiple factors at play: Is the introduction of ath-
it a publicity problem? Would letic scholarships as well 
a football team make all the as increased interest in the 
difference? Perhaps students D-II teams of today. 
just don't take pride in their As far as athletic schol-
UCSD identity. Whatever arships are concerned, 
the culprit, you can't slay the Gohd is thankfully against 
beast that is student apathy the blanket $500-per-ath-
until you understand it. lete grants in aid proposal 

Karl Gobd, now the unop- from Vice Chancellor of 
posed Student Voice! con- Student Affairs Joseph W. 
tender for the commissioner- Watson. A more successful 
ship foUowing the withdraw- plan, she argues, would be 
aI of two prior candidates, more substantial and more 
seems to have a grip on the focused. We agree. 
situation and her experience The interest issue is 
speaks to tbat. more ' difficult, but Gohd 

As chair of Triton Tide and K r- G hd has a few ideas that could 
assistant to the current com- a I 0 ignite some Triton pride, 
miSSioner, Gohd has insights ranging from providing 
that few else on campus have, shuttles to east campus 
and could use them to facill- .......... ~ ••••• JIII!II..... for baseball home games 
tate changes in the system. I" to organizing the school's 

One such change is focus - :==5i!=!:;~_== .. ~ very own homecoming ing her efforts to augment week with the men's water 
student pride in UCSD as a polo team. Such tasks 
whole, rather than in specif- seem feaSible, and could 
ic colleges, through various make all the difference in 
Triton Tide events. Though the end. 
her expectations for these Ultimately, the com-
events seem a bit high, stu- L-.....;._;;..;. ______ ......... ____ ._.... missioner of athletics has 
dents would surely benefit a limited role in the popu-
from the opportunity to interact with one another in larity of sports on this campus. However, if elected, 
a social setting. we are optimistic that Gohd wiU take the position to 

The best part about Gohd, however, is that she is new heights. 

- COMMISSIONER OF STUDENT SERVICES 

No Endorsement 
E ¥er since the student services axnmissionership was created sewraI years ago by being split from the enterprisa office, it has been plagued by, 
frInkly. Incompetent administntors who ~ run it into 
the ground. That's why this board was so m:ited when M 
tint met Student Voice! candidate Kawh Cyrua. the first 
strong contender this position has seen in years. 

Sadly, Cyrus' vision is to scnp the office aU together, 
not 8M to it the tender- love and care it so badly needs; it 
is a vision this board simply cannot endone. 

In recent years. the student services haft deteriorated 
to the point .of near-irrelevance. A.S. Safe Rides, once a 
vibrant service that promised students a guaranteed sober 
driver back home, has been progressively neutered since 
2003 in an attempt to cut costs . .Instead of trying to save 
on the backend, the A.S. Councifs solution has been to 

restrict accea, and make using the service more difficult. 
dUuting its very mission. 
. Similarly, in the wake of this )Uf's porn fiasco, 0Yer-
sight of Student-Run Television and KSDT was stripped 
from this office, and handed over to the commissioner of 
conununications. 

If elected, Cyrus would simply acceIerak student ser-
vices' slow disintegration, rasaigning the few remaining 

[ STUDENT SIRVJCES, .,. 8] 

SUNDAY ONLY 575 Denim 7 For All Mankind 
Antlk Denim 
Arch Indigo 

BeBG Max AZria 
APRIL 16th, 2006 

10AM-SPM 
LA's favorite. premium denim 
sample sale gathers around the 
hottest names in denim. As always 
everything will be priced below 
wholesale at 400J0-800At offl There 
will be plenty of jeans and t-shirts 
for men too! . 

Blue Cult 
e.c callfomla 

Chip and Pepper 
CItizen. of Humanity 

Farmer Industry J .... 
Frankie B 

Gran 
Hud80n 

.Joe'. ,Jean. 

$3 at the door, or FREE admission with ad or RSVP 
For Info, directions, and t!) RSVP please visit 

Junk Food 
Paper Denim. Ooth 
People Of The World 

Primp www.thewarehousesale.com 

LOCAnON: 
Hilton S.n Diego 
M_lonV8lley 
101 CIImlno del Rio ~1I1u...ll 
S.n Diego, CA 12108 

Rock • Republic 

~ 5ecredBlue vernltl So lean ~ .. \ True Ra.",on 
Yenuk 

OPINION 7 

COMMISSIONER OF 
COMMUNICATIONS 

The commissioner of communications has a fair amount of power to affect the state of print media on campus. This year's contenders, French international student Nkanor Madueno (Tritons United!) 
and KSDT General Manager Leo Bondar{Student Voicel), have very differ-
ent backgrounds but share many of the same priorities. 

Madueno, however. has a fresh perspective that we think will invigorate 
the office. He proudly describes himself as "always a free speech advocate" 
- not surprising, given his slate's blanket promise to promote and protect 
free speech. But in Madueno's case, the promise has teeth. He insists on stay-
ing content-neutral when deciding 
funding for publications, and advo-
cates more equanimity when funding 
publications with similar page counts 
and frequency of publication. 

Decrying the current funding 
formula for media organizations as 
unfair, Madueno promises to make 
sure no publications find favoritism 
in his office based on a historical 
record of high production quality. 

He expressed interest jn seeing 
more diversity among on -campus 
publications, and a more equal way 
of funding publications is likely 
to encourage new publications to 
sprout up. 

He is opposed to forCing on -cam-
pus publications to defray some of 
their publishing costs by meeting an 
ad quota. Publications should be free 
to sell ads if they wish, he said, but it 
shouldn't be a requirement. 

We were especially happy that 
he endorses publishing a schedule 
online that would report the issuing 
of each campus publication. This 
would increase readership, decrease 
confusion, and help hold publica-
tions accountable to their produc-
tion. 

Madueno also advocated chang-

Niuanor 
Hadueno 

ing the media charter so publications would have to publish only once a 
quarter to qualify for funding. This would free up funds so lesser-funded 
or new publications would have the money they need; on the other hand, 
it might create problems for publications that have been publishing twice 
a quarter (as the media charter currently stipulates) and want to continue 
that pace. Either way, we are enthusiastic about Madueno's wiUingness to 
examine long-standing rules that may not make sense anymore. 

His opponent, Leo Bondar, is a relatively strong candidate but lacks 
Madueno's fue and fresh ideas. Leo also emphasized content-neutrality 
when making funding decisions, and funding all campus publications equal-
ly. He agreed with Madueno tbat ad quotas are unnecessary. Bondar has a 
firm grounding in KSDT, and would bring a lot of improvements to that 

.. [l1li ..... " particular area. He 
might be less strong, 
and less concerned, 
about other forms of 
media on campus, 
however. 

We believe 
Madueno's outsider 
perspectives will 
bring a new perspec-

Looo. __ ..... _____________ ..... live to this office. 

• 

SltEu.r,AldU 
......... ........... 

....... -t,..., 



8 OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 

COMMISSIONER OF __ 
PROGRAMMING 

- COMMISSIONER OF DIVERSITY AFFAIRS -

O'f all the posilions open in this week's A.S. elections, commissioner of programming is perhaps the one that the average, uninvolved student should care about most. While many of the big issues of this year's elec-
tion concern allocating funds for various acronym -ed organizations or rehashing 
blame trajectory for the Student-Run Television scandaL the A.S. program-

DiLam 

ming official essentiaUy has one job: to deliver 
concerts and other programming that most 
students like. 

So while it is curious thai only one candi-
date, independent Di Lam, is running to be 
next year's commissioner, we find that she is 
a good fit for the job. Lam's experience work-
ing in the programming- office under current 
Commissioner Eric Morris has schooled her 
in the tenuous duty of finding, selecting and 
paying musicians and other perfonners that 
will appeal to a broad cross-section of UCSD 
- by no means an easy task, but one which we 
think Lam's broad music tastes and deferential 
personality will aid. 

She will enter an office whose accomplish-
ments this year leave much to be desired. 
The notoriously unattended Winter Fest gave 
students a perfect example of what happens 

when things go awry at the programming office. Whether we should blame 
the general difficulty of booking appealing acts in the winter, or an A.S. ad 
campaign that kicked off far too late for the disappointing attendance, we urge 
Lam and future commissioners to learn from this year's mistakes. 

Commissioner of diversity affairs is one of the more impotent positions on the A.S. Council . 
- a shame, considering that Marco MarIIIo was 

one of the more exciting candidates we saw this year. A 
native San Diegan and a graduate of Preuss Sdiool. he is 
uniquely grounded in the diversity-related concerns of 
UCSO and the San Diego area. 

Regardless of who is in the position of commissioner 
of diversity affairs, they have little power to affect the state 
of diversity on campus. But we believe Murillo is the man 
to help initiate "baby steps; as he put it, toward a campus 
that's more welcoming to students of diverse raciaL cultur-
al, political, religious and other backgrounds. We see him 
as representing the diversity concerns of many different 
groups, not just a select few. We commend his indepen-
dence from the Student Affirmative Action Committee 
organizations, and his insistence ,that the diversity office 
make itself distinct from SAAe. 

Murillo, who has created a rnentoring program at 
Preuss, emphasizes the importance of mentoring and 

tutoring pro- r~::::=I=~~~' grams. We .... 
believe pro- TO ..... :FSim-
grams like these ~. ~ " . will help nip __ 
some diversity • .., ........ ... 
problems in the ;....a.:: .. 
bud, and bring Urlq -,.. • .... 
more students ~... C., .. 
like Murillo to L~"'~:!!~"'~-!!"ttI!-!!!"'!JL"_J UCSD. ... .. 

Murillo also has plans for diversity-related program-
ming. such as bringing speabrs to campus. as well as plans 

to expand the diversity office. 
He supports high school con-
ferences. which he destribes 
as "extmnely important; as 
well as cultural graduations. 
though we remain agnostic of 
these efforts. 

Maruo 
Murillo 

Overall, his views on 
UCSO's diversity chal.\enges 
are cogent. He is not beholden 
to a specific demographic or 
SAAC, and rather showed con-
cern for a variety of groups. 

His opponent, Yee Lee 
of Tritons United!, declined 
to be interviewed. Since the 
decision followed a refusal 
during last year's elections, 
we suspect she did so for a 
reason. In her candidate state-
ment Lee announced similar 
plans to hold programming 
to promote diversity, as well 
as increasing participation in 

outreach. She also promises to lobby on behalf of under-
represented communities. These promises are standard, 
and don't show the initiative of Murillo's mentoring pro-
gram. She also openly woos SAAC organizations, which 
we believe the office needs to step away from. With its successes and failures visible from the RIMAC bleachers, the 

programming office bears a considerable burden for responsibilities that are 
otherwise so fun. We urge Lam to think outside of the box when it comes to 
filling those seats: Why keep Fall Fest and Winter Fest on a Friday when much 
of I:JCSO has already gone home for the weekend? And the office should con-
sider the potential overspending that goes toward getting a huge headli.ner for 
Sun God, when campus tradition brings students together, anyway. 

Student Services Post Lacks a Clear Leader 
We must also mention the importance for this office of communicating 

through (and maintaining good relations with) campus media outlets like the 
Guardian - especially given the tenuous history. Making demands for coverage 
and cutting off contact if they are not met is not a reasonable way for established 
campus leaders to deal with each .. --.. --------IIIII! 
other, and they do not help either 
one's goals. 

. The A.S. programming office 
needs a leader with an open mind, 
thrifty monetary habits and a 
diverse record collection. As long 
a she is willing to step out of 
the shadow of past commissioners 
and create new solutions to the 
same old problems, Lam is a good 
fit for the job. 

~ STUDENT SERVICES, from page 7 
programs among other elected posts and dissolving the 
commissionership, a plan we believe moves in the wrong 
direction. 

Moving Safe Rides to enterprises. as Cyrus proposes, 
would only dilute the mandate of the already decaying 
service, and simply add to the burden of an enterprises 
commissioner facing problems of his or her own (see our 
enterprises endorsement for more information.) Similarly, 
we strongly believe allowing SRTV and KSOT to remain 
under the purview of the communications commissioner 
would be a grave mistake. Having these A.S.-defined 
"non public forums" alongside the campus printed publica-
tions, we fear, would only further threaten the principle of 
content-neutrality used to fund the latter. 

Ironically, if he wanted to. we believe Cyrus would be 
the perfect candidate to rebuild student services to their 

heyday, and even introduce new ones; if he's elected,' we 
certainly hope he'll reconsider his plans. 

Similarly, we cannot endorse either of Cyrus' oppo-
nents. Tritons United! Candidate EIle Mqlonzo, though 
we believe well-meaning. seems to have only a vague 
understanding of the problems that ail the office. One of 
her main campaign pledges - to increase funding for the 
Academic Success Program - is completely off base; if 
anything A.S.P' currently receives too much money. 

Revelle College freshman Jeffery}air is even less quali-
fied. During his interview, Jair could I)ot even identify the 
services overseen by the commissioner, much less offer a 
coherent vision for what to do with them. Clearly an ambi-
tious and enthusiastic candidate. Jair should wait a year 
or two before making his political debut - although the 
student services post may cease to exist by then, if Cyrus 
gets his way: 

The Capital Group Companies is one of the world's most experienced and successful 
investment management organizations. Our companies manage investments for 
millions of individuals and thousands of corporations and institutions. 

We are looking to hire the best people and provide them the resources 
and environment they need to .achieve their full potential. We have 
immediate openings in: 

For 75 years, our privately held organization has followed a consistent philosophy 
and approach to generate long-term results for our investors around the wor1d. 

• AcccudIl'lllnci FInInc:e 
• CUItDmer SeMc:e 
• InfomIItion TechnoloD 

• Adrnlnlstrltion 
• HumM'I Resources 
• lramsll. 

.", " f "" 

9 
CONTACT 11fE EDITOR 

ChrtsdJle Pu 
featu~fU4rr1itm·Mf 

TuE~ARDIAN 
FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

-------------l!III---------- MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 

, , 

• Percentage of UCSD alumni still 
living within San Diego County 

• lew 
With a matador's flair, a UCSD alumnus brings the art of bullfighting tQ San 'Diego 

COURTESY OF MARISSA MENDOZA 
Coleman Cooney (rnp),jJundB of 1M CaliIiJrniaAaJckmy ofTauramaquia bulqighting sdrool, demonstrala lUI JIciIIs while waltrr Bodet (below), a 
student at tile acodernJI, utiIiIIts /tis werJ:-/ong II'aining an a one-year-oId MUI. 

81f JeNN-1HlMlE 
',tihH 

ow does Coleman 
Cooney, a fonner 
UCSD student, find 
hinueIf killing bulls 
as part ofhis job? 

Cooney wasn't your average 
college student. He left UCSO for 
Paris in 1983 with a degree in art 
and European history. 

"I'm actually not sure I gradu-
ated," he admitted. "I might be 
three units short." 

A mere three units couldn't 
Jt«p him from Europe, however. 
Little did he know that his 
atlantic trip would 
become the catalyst 
passion: DU.lUlII"IJJlg. 

As a native 
Cooney had plenty of 
as a bullfighting spectator 
ing his frequent jaunts to 
It wasn't until he found 
in Spain during his postcOllege 
European sojourn, however, that 
bullfighting struck an emotional 
chord. Under the magnetism of 
his reawakened interest, he pro-
cured season tickets to the San 
Ysidro Feria, a 3D-day bullfight-
ing fair that takes place every May 
in Madrid and draws over 25,000 
spectators. 

Smitten with the European 
lifestyle and bullfighting cul-
ture, Cooney decided to settle in 
Madrid, where he lived for seven 
years. There, he received training 
from bullfighting masters and afi-
cionados alike. 

His stint in Europe was a 
"defined wanderlust; he said, 
and he's still in it. Only now 
he makes regular OIl.mlTli"" 
Mexico and 

"When I carne back to the 
states," Cooney said, "I noticed 
everyone was talking about 
extreme sports and adrenaline-
charged activities. They seemed 
desperate to fmd thrills." 

What he didn't bargain for was 
that he would have the perfect 
answer for such a hungry market: 
a bullfighting school that could 
teach the cerebral aspects of this 
daring and highly misunderstood 
art form. 

Cooney drafted a business 
plan and opened the academy 
in May 1997. Within a matter 
of weeks, it was featured in the 
New York Times, Washington Post, 

S/reel Journal, Maxim, Sports 
"Average Joe~ and ABC 

academy run 
film-

to archi-
and busi-

simply thrill-
to say they've 
that." Others 



10 FOCUS 

Confidential Egg Donors 
Needed Immediately! 

, 

~ 
~ 

~ 
~ 

~ 
~ 

~ ~ , 

.. B'L· 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Head, Neck. 
Spine Center of SD 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, 5te. 8212, La Jolla, CA 92037 
........ ", , Fa ........ 1141 

www.lajolladc.com 

~'ttcUARDIAN READ UCSD 
Mondays & Thursdays 

~ 
~ 

~ 

, 
, 

, 
, 

~ 
~ 

~ 

~ 

, 

~ 
~ 

, 

~ , 
~, 

~ , ~ 
, 

~ 
~ 

~ 
~ , 

~'\ 
" , , 

. , 

001,8' 
, 

, 

MONDAV, APRil 10, 2006 

UCSD Grad's 
Students Get 

Bullied Around 
• BULLfIGHT, from page 9 
situated SO miles south of the border 
in Baja California. 

Here they will have the opportu-
nity to encounter a one-year-old vaca 
or cow (no horns) and learn some 
bullfighting sklUa in a hands-on set-
ting called a timID. 

The antique stone ring at Rancho 
Santa Alicia is composed of a dirt 
carpet. two doors. an opening to 
the bullpen. and four buriaderos or 
wooden partitions that offer shelter 
to on-lookers inside the ring. 

Burladeros can also be used as 
stations from which to gauge a stu-
dent's progress or yell out direction 
and encouraging advice. That stu-
dents are never left alone with the 
bovine is perhaps the most comfort-
ing aspect of the program. Given 
this safety net, it's rare that any-
one will sustain injuries beyond the 
occasional bruise. 

This is not to say that one's fust 
encounter with a charging Vaal is a 
walk in the park. Qn the contrary 
- it is usually an adrenaline-surging, 
heart-thumping, spleen-wrenching 
panic fest. 

"Girls have broken down and 
cried," Cooney said. "Honest men 
have shaken their heads and refused 
to go in." 

But for those who dare to con-
quer the nagging voice in their 
head that tells them they're crazy 
for volunteering to be attacked by 
an untamed beast. blessings await. 
They are given a red doth - a 
multtll - that the bullfighter (or 
torero) holds to the side as he or she 
advances. 

To a "virgin" Vllca, the muleID 
appears as part of the bullfighter's 
body and the torero is able to make 
a neat escape when the cow charges 
it instead of him. This phenome.non 
only lasts from 15 to 20 minutes, how-
ever; after that, the Vaal will begin to 
decipher the difference between the 
human and the cloth. 

. According to Cooney, most stu-
dents have never touched a cow, let 
alone been charged by one. Their 
most overwhelming response after 
the experience is, "Did I do that? 
I can't believe it!" Some are so 
enthralled that they regularly come 
back for more. 

"A lot of people romanticize bull-
fighting into something completely 
spontaneous, but it's not," Cooney 
said. "It takes hours of discipline and 
training just like any other spon." 

Walter Badet, a horse trainer and 
one of the students at the academy, 
knows that the road to matador 
stardom is hard-paved. He knows 
that to become a matador you must 
kill a four-year-old bull and thereby 
pass a rigorous test called the alter-
tIIItiva. That's why he doesn't aspire 
to be one and said that he was only 
interested In bullfighting for self-
exploration. 

A Frenchman and current 
Arizona resident, Badel took a-five-
day. $2.000 course at the academy 
where he trained for six hours a day. 
There, he studied bullfighting videos 
and practiced his technique, gestures 
and stance before even entering the 
ring. For Badet, bullfighting is a new 
challenge and offen him a way to test 
hi. limits. 

However ignorant or inexperi-
enced you are in the arena, the 
California Academy of Tauromaquia 
will leave you chanSed. In a twisted 
sense of pandox. it will remind you 
of your own human iDeptitude and 
at the same time aUJlDent your .If-
confidence. Who bOWl, it might 
even in.pire you to punue your 
dreams of becoming a fuIl·fIedJed 
matador. 

The academy offers Wftbnd 
introductory coones for $400 and 
week-long intensive couna for 
$2,000 as well. trips to wortinJ bull 
rancbelin Mexico and Spain. Cooney 
can be racbed at (619) 709-0664 or 
at _hllfigIItsdtooLcom. Student 
discountlare lYIilabIe. 

MONDAV, APRil 10, 2006 

COMMISSIONER OF 
ENTERPRISE OPERATIONS 

L as! ~, in our endorsement of cur-rent. Commissioner of Enterprise Operations Angela Chen's oppo-
nent, this board wrote that Chen "has 
potential but not much else." Perhaps that 
was too generous of an appraisal. 

Unper her watch, the struggling office 
did little to move forward on major reforms 
needed to tum the: A.S. businesses around 
(although Chen did bring dining dollars 
back to the Grove) and perhaps even make 
a Significant profit someday. However, we 

Sydney 
Goldberg 

believe that Chen's current Director of Enterprise Operations Sydney GoIdberJ 
has the right vision and passion to succeed where Chen failed. 

This board wholeheartedly endorses Goldberg's plan to reign in the career 
managers who currently bungle the job of running the student enterprises -
which include A.S. Safe Rides, Lecture Notes and Grove Caffe - by demanding 
hiring and firing authority; the current enterprise commissioner is probably the 
world's only CEO that has no control over her employees. Similarly, Goldberg's 
goa1s to renegotiate the contract governing the co-owned ropes course in east 
campus and to demand more control over student-funded buildings, though 
ambitious, are spot on. We also believe Goldberg would bring a coUaborative and 
goal-oriented management style, a welcome remedy to Chen's, who will leave th.e 
office largely dispirited and lacking moti\'3tion. 

Our endorsement, however, comes with several qualifications. Goldberg, we 
believe, stakes too much of the enterprise office's future on the !friton Store, it 
sundry retailer she hopes to include in the Price Center expansion. 

What the enterprise office badly needs is diversification - away from the 
retail sector that has been its mainstay, into more services-oriented industries 
that can tap into the diverse and technical skills of UCSD students. In this regard, 
Goldberg's vision of the office is too narrow: She must realize that students ben-
efit not only when they actually use the campus enterprises, but also through the 
revenue these raise. • 

Goldberg, however, is hands above hel Tritons United! opponent Parris Baa. 
While Bass declined to meet with this board after a personal emerg~ caused 
him to cancel his initial interview, we are cofifident that his platform would fur-
ther debilitate the student enterprises; his proposal for a Price Center ice cream 
cart, though perhaps an appropriate fifth -grade venture, along with the omnipres-
ent lemon stands. is even less practical than the Triton Store. 

Similarly, Bass' plan to make Lecture Noles - one of the few successful enter-
prises - free and bring dinpg dollars to Soft Reserves for students is unrealistic 
and untenable. The enterprises simply can't afford either. His pledge to monitor 
health-code compliance at university-run eateries is also rather harebrained; the 
mission of enterprises is to make money, not enforce government regulation. 

In this race, we confidently back Goldberg as the best hope for actually mak-
ing that money. . 

TII/nklng of Moving Off Campus1 
Tell Your Parents to Buy Q 

Condo for You! 
WHY RENTl BUYI 

, Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
, Use the rent money to PtIY for the mortgage.,. 
, You live in the condo for FREE, ond ... 
" .. . your parents CIIn write off tM Interest on the mongoge/ 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)63.7-0609 
Flntstrtalror~hormail. com • www.cbcallfornia.com/robln 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

summer travel, study abroad & more 
Sample roundtrip Student Airfares from S.n Diego to:, 

San Francisco $117 London $.Sl 
Denver f201 ,.r1t ... 
Atlanta $270 Sydney $1055 

Visit StudentUn~ClOm tor cheep student airfares 
on major airlines to 1,000 destllIIItIons across the US 

. Ind around the wortd. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 11 

WE HIVE IS MIllY 
-CAREERS 
UTHERE_ 
MAJORS 

The way It SHOULD be. 

At Pulte, we're not just 
building homes, we're 

building exciting 
careers ... and creating a 

new generation of leaders! 
career fair 

Wednesday, April 12, 2006 
10:30 AM - 2:30 PM 

library Walk 

Ask about our 
Information Session at 

our boothll 



. I 

12 NEWS 

ATTENTION 
aaa.TBIED 

APPLY NOW 
,.1fRI:E .lTIIAIIlllME.lIE 
.. C8IIII.IMBIf C8I1EI. 
• fMIJIY •• YIIWAIT II 
m.n. -..r III.,. 
___ !IIl~ YIAI. 

1 .... 

, FIlMY 4.14.11 

ARE YOU TOO SIm 

D Do you get very NERVOUS around people? 
D Do you FEAR being the center of attention? 
D Do you AVOID going to social events and 

meeting new people? 
If you answered YES to any of the above. you may be eligible 
to participate in an experimental research study using an 
investigational drug compared to placebo to treat social anxiety 
disorder at UCSD. Your participation will include a physical 
exam and may include the use of brain imaging techniques. 
To receive more information, call 
(877) UCSD-SHY (877-827-3749) 
or email veryshy@ucsd.edu 
'Clinical care will be prOvided and you may 
receive monetary compensation. UCSD 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 

Watts, Khanna Won't File Charges for Offenses 

BillY WONG/GUARDIAN 
A.S. presidential candidates Daniel Watts, left, and Harry Khanna both say that their friendship will remain intact no motter who wills the 
election, although they have accused each other of abusing a pre-election agreement banning formal grievances. 

• CANDIDATES, from page 1 
her frustrations fhat the. Student 
Organization Funding Advisory Board 
had grossly underfunded an event for 
her organization, just as it had for a 
VSAevenl. 

"It was a private e-mail from one 
org head to another, I\ot public cam-
paigning," Deibert said. 

Watts similarly alleged that 
Khanna's slate hung its campaign post-
ers before campaigning was allowed. 
Khanna shrugged off the issue. 

"If he's right, then we campaigned 
early and he campaigned early," 
Khanna said. "It's not really relevant 
anymore:' 

Watts' April 2 publication More 
Truth About UCSD alleged that SV! 
used UCSD Technical Services equip-
ment for campaigning without getting 
its fair market value assessed by A.S. 
Elections Manager Charlene Cheng. 
The 'rules regarding voluntary spend-
ing limits, which SV! has accepted, 
require such an assessment. 

In a judicial board ruling last year, 
Eleanor Roosevelt CoUege's entire 
Dynamite slate was disqualified from 
the election for violating a similar 
ERC spending bylaw. The precedent 
notwithstanding, Watts has refused to 
make an official complaint. 

"This is a disqualifiable offense," 
Watts stated in an e·mail. "I'm not 
filing charges because of my standing 
agreement with Harry, but this would 
definitely take down the slate if it were 
filed." 

Khanna rejected the allegation, say-
ing that SV! did not violate any bylaWS, . 
and that he correctly estimated the 
rental value of the karaoke equipment, 

which he used for campaigning pur-
poses. John Muir College Elections 
Manager Pat Allen said he supports 
the candidates' agreement for fostering 
more student cooperation. 

"It's too early to tell whether this 
election is more bitter or less bitter than 
the others, but judging by how we've 
had no grievanus as of yet. I'm optimis-

s too early to tell 
whether this election 
is more bitter or less 

bitter than the 
th " o ers ... 

- Pat Allen, John Muir College 
Elections Manager 

tic of the coming week," Allen said. 
The personal dynamic of this year's 

election has added a layer of,complex-
ity to the presidential race unseen in 
recent years. With the most power-
ful political position at UCSD on the 
line. however, Khanna and Wans have 
chosen to use informal political tactics, 
including public condemnations and 
attacks. In More Truth About UCSD, 
Watts published a half· page photo of 
Khanna and a friend with alcohol in 
his A.S. office. While the bottles were 
closed, the presence of alcohol in the 
office is prohibited. 

Again, Watts said he refuses to file 
a formal complaint, but added that the 
issue should be brought to light. 

"A.S. will not fund student-run 
events with alcohol, but they will 
apparently buy alcohol paraphernalia 
for themselves with YOUR fees," Watts 
wrote in the issue, referring to alleged 
misuse of A.S. funds by Student Voice! 
supporter and former Vice President 
External Kevin Mann. 

According to -receipts ' Watts 
acquired through the California Public 
Records Act, Mann spent more than 
S30 for purchases that included a 
"tapered shot glass" bought during a 
lobbying trip. 

It still has not been confirmed that 
the money was refunded by the A.S. 
Council, Khanna said, because Watts 
has not filed a formal complaint that 
would prompt deeper investigations. 
According to Watts, A.S. President 
Christopher Sweeten said privately that 
he asked Mann to resign because he 
had repeatedly misused funds. Sweeten 
did not return a call for comment. 

Watts' accusations are indicative of 
his "smear campaign; according to 
Khanna. 

"Watts has nothing to say for him-
self,' he said. 

Every allegation is meant to show 
the lack of integrity Khanna and his 
slate have shown in the elections, 
according to Watts. 

"I'm about reform," Watts said. "I'm 
trying to show what is wrong with the 
current system, which Harry is in." 

However. Watts and Khanna can 
agree on at least one thing: 

"He's abusing our agreement," each 
said of the other. 

Readers can contact David Johnston at 
ucsdjohnston@gmail.com. 

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 

EVENTS 

Free live acoustic shows, Thursdays 
through Sundays, 7-10pm, HOT JAVA 
(AFt 11738 Carmel Mountain Road, 
San Diego 858-673-7111. See our cal-
endar of events on myspace-we have 
featured some of San Diego and LA's 
hottest acoustic acts. We are a great 
'p1ace to study, as we feature free hig" 
speed wlfl Internet access, great cof-
fees, teas, boba teas, appetizers. sand-
wiches and sweets. 15% OFF with 
mention of this ad. (4/10) 

Amgen, Qualcomm, Citiban~, and the 
FBI are coming to the SprIng Job 
Fllr ... will YOU be there? Wednesday, 
4/22 on Library Walk from 1 0:30am-
2:30Jl!n. (4/17) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

What will you do after UCSD? Get the 
anslll!ers at the life 101 seminar on 
4/22 from 10am-3pm. Register online 
at http://alumnLucsd.edu/lifel0l . 
(4/17) 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers, All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. $725.$1050 hourty 
CIIllJacki 

(858)565-2144 
Summer Day Camps - L.A. Area. 
Swimming, horses, sports, arts and 
crafts, beaches, ropes courses, and 
much more www.daycampjobs.com. 
(5/30) 

Rewarding Summer Jobs- L.A. Area. 
Gain valuable experience while work-
ing with children in a variety of fun 
settings www.daycampjobs.com. 
(5/30) 

Gymnastics instructors wanted -
'Solana Beach, elementary-aged chil-
dren. Pays SS-14/hr., experience/pro-
ductivity/personality matter. Hours 
available Mon.-Thurs. afternoons, Sat. 
mornings. 858-481-4966 or www.trc-
gymnastics.com (4/20) 

Summer Day Camp Counselors 
Needed! Stay here in San Diego; 
Drive a camp van to .and from camp 
in Ranchl> Penasquitos Oust east of 
Carmel Valley). Make a difference in 
the life of a child! 858-487..fiOOO, WWW. 
outpostsummercamps.com (4/27) 

Day Camps - San Fernando / Conejo 
Valleys. Counselors, Lifeguards, Gym, 
Fishing, Canoeing, Horseback Riding, 
Music, Drama, More. $3000-$3600+ / 
summer. 88{I-784-CAMP, www.work-
atcamp.com (5/8) 

Love music? Love money?" CTRAX'. 
uao Clmpus MarUtIng M8nager1 
$10/hr. More info about this cool, flex-
ible job at 'oYWW.cdigbc.com/campus-
jobs.asp (4/10) 

Pool & Landscape Cleaning &. 
Maintenance at the new Canyonvlew 
pool. Shifts available between Sam-12 
noon, Mon.-Sun. Minimum shift Is 2 
hours. 8-19 hrslweek. Must be UCSO 
student. See job • 619065 at careers. 
ucsd.edu or call 534-6035. (4/13) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

* 
THE~ ~ .GUARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The uao GuanJion reser.es the right to classify, edit, delete offensive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse illY anchA advertisements wIthout ptio< notification. The AdvertIser will not 
hoid the Guard/on liable for any claim. resultIng from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be r"'""-d bv the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all emIrS must be reported bv the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the incorrect portion of the aciwrtisemenl. There we no refunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per 10 _rels 
Fac.ulty & Staff: $7.SO per 20 wonts 

An others: $12 per 10 wonts 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$lO.OO per column inch 
Deadlines: 

CLASSIFIED 13 

min. lesson any time between 11 -2, 
M-F. UCSD special: 1 or 2 players $20. 
Call 619-787-5475 (4/27)) 

PERSONALS 

....... MIld .. _IPDudela ........ CIuIIfIHs 10: ;..;""::.b..::;Oot::.:.:......:;Oi::::spIoy~Ad::.:. __ ....;;.;LIno.;.;;....Ad;.;.s_ 

4 responsible girls looking for a 
clean 3-4 bedroom, 2 bath, town-
home/condo/house close to UCSD 
available for the 06-07 academic year. 
Amenities a plus. Infol Email Jessie 
@ jwomble@ucsd.edu or Erica at 
ereveret@ucsd.edu (4/10) 

UCSO Gu8rdIMI. Attn: CIaIIIIecIs, 1500 CiIImM DrIw IOJl6, La Jolla. CA '201.1. Man. 4 pm MON 1 ... 4 pm MOM 1 ... 
AdU ...... : Student CenMr A."-"117. n.un. 4 pm 111 1 .. 4 pm 111 1 .. 

Admin'. Movl. Trlvi.. Greetings 
movie gurus. First off, here's the trivia. 
In the history of mOdern cinema, 
name the actor who gives the finest 
recital .of Ezekial 25:171 Also, the 
first 4 correct emails will win sweet 
AMERICAN DREAMZ t-shlrt! Also, you 
can stop by the Guardian office (even 
if you missed the trivia) and pkk up. 
piss for 2 to the Idvlnc:ecI KrHIIlng 
in Mission VIIIey. (4/10) 

email: iJdsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Plrt-tim. WI !tress or wllter for 
Mon.-Sat Night shift, 4:15-9:15, day 
shift 10:30-2:30. MATSUGAWA, Fine 
Japanese dining in downtown Del 
Mar. 858-692-1150 (Angie, Gen. Mgr), 
Justin 858-204-4831 . (4/10) 

THE WINE AND ' 
CHEESE SHOP 

A Special!) Food Boutique 
7930 Ivanhoe Ave. 
Fax (858) 456-1013 

JOIN OUR TEAM 
Sharp, clean, neat, honest, and 
reliable. Experience preferred / 
helpful in cheese and wine food 

service. sales, cashiering. 
customer service. food 

prepar.uion $6.75 - $8.00 per/ hr. I Apply in person Sam to lOam or 
3pm to 7pm Moo - Sun 

I Stephanie au (559) 229-5242 I 
.., 1 .... IJNIlfast Itnrtte I 

OKIRON DESIGN - web/print design-
er internship, html, Photos hop. PhP 
Programmer Internship - Php, MySQL, 
html. Phone 858-650-0011, email 
jobs@okiron.com (4/10) 

PART nME La Jolla Medical Records 
clerk 25 hours per week. Previous 
medical office experience required. 
Fax resume to 858-535-9390. (4/20) 

Childcare for 5-month old at my 
home (near No. Torrey Pines & La Jolla 
Shores), up to 15 hrs!wk (spring quar-
ter). Contact sofia@ucsd.edu w/expe-
rience and references. (4/13) 

Babysitter needed In Carmel Valley 
for 5-year old and 2·year old. 1 after-
noon/week and 2 weekend nights! 
month. Pay negotiable. Contact 
emilyroconnor@hotmail.com (4/13) 

The endorsment of Ben Foulks: 
Guardian Classifieds work! (4/10) 

FOR RENT 

3-bedroom near UK, UCSD, available 
September. Washer &. dryer includ-
ed. Near bus line, $1950/month. Call 
(858)792-5934. (4/13) 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING.~ __ _ 

• LAJOLLA-
STARllNG 

FROM lHE lOW 
$-4OO,ooos. 

~(LASSIFIEDS 
FOR SALE 

Economics 2nd edition for all Econ 
I, 2, 3- $65-g00d condition. Email 
klle@ucsd.edu or call 619-793-6988 
(4/10) 

Escapethedorms-3-br, 2-bacomplete-
Iy renovated, spacious town home 
off Regents Rd. for sale ($554,900). 
Many extras, 2 pools. One block from 
UCSD bus stop. Walkable to UTe, easy 
freeway access. Contact realtor Eilis 
McKay, 858-442'{)702. (411 0) 

ProFlowers® 
The Art of Fresher Flowers"" 

Customer Service 
JOIN A FUN PLACE TO WORK! 

• Do you have great customer service? 
• Are you internet saavy? 

• Are you PC proficient in a Windows environment? 
• Do you thrive in a fast paced environment? 

IF THE ANSWER IS YES rO THESE QUESTIONS, 
THEN WE WANT TO TALK TO YOU! 

Proflowen is the largest direct-from-the-grower internet-based 
flower company offering the freshest flowers to its customers. We 
are looking for individuals who possess superior customer service 

skills to assist in our call center for our busy spring season. This is a 
seasonal position. Flexible schedules available. Fast-paced, high 
energy, fun environment! Pay rate: $1 OIhr + night differential . 

We are located off the 805 and Mira Mesa Blvd. exit. 
Interested candidates please e-maillfaxlmail your resume to: 

jobs@profIowers.com 
5005 Wateridse Vllta Drive • San Dieso, CA 92121 

fax: 858·638-4974 

WANTED 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000-$ 15000 for qualified, 
responsible applicants. All ethnic 
backgrounds welcome. Special Need 
for Jewish, Asian, and East Indian 
donors. Close personal support by 
experienced donor. Call Dawn @ 951 -
696-7466. Full info at www.fertilityal-
ternatives.com (6/8) 

Help Wanted/part time. Light office 
work at Hillcrest Optometric prac-
tice. Flexible hours, opportunity for 
growth. Contact Fran or Masha, 619-
295-4194. (4/20) 

UCSD students to teach/tutor students 
K-12th grade in English and Math. 
Preferably math and English majors. 
Email: uni@uniacademy.cQm (4/20) 

SERVICES 

Trin - You see that insert in today's 
paper about Law School. That's what 
I'm talkin about. If you don't follow 
me, I'll get more play than an agent 
on that campus. (4/10) 

Charles, I'm bound for Oz! Check pg 
11 if you want more info. And no, it's 
not just a program for Whitey. (4/10) 

OMG Coop! Did you hear Luke is back 
at UCSD?Totally. But someone said he 
wasn't going to vote through Triton 
Link. Frikkin loser. I don't care how 
fine he be. Vote, or shut your pie hole, 
right? (4/10) 

Joe M. I'm so pub meat .. not even 
Tennis @ Noon - USPTR instructor will funny. U see pg 3 today? (4/10) 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 

THlCIIOSSWOIU) PUZZLE 
.......... ,.JWIIIISDAy 

Donate to Father Joe 
1_888.FI ther Joe 

CustDIMt StIIa/S8YkI 

HELP 
WANTED 

Pay starting at 
$1725 "H/Appt 
Flexible schedules, will 
train, conditions apply, 
no expo req_, all majors. 
Openings in La Jolla. 

Apply at 
""'.~CMJ 

760-'42-'223 

.. .aFATHER JOE'S 
~v ILL AGE S· 

,-----------

BRENDAAnAMS: 
at ALEX'S SALO. : 

1 
I 

I 
1 
I 
I 
I 
I 

°1, ""..,..t. I 
c..,.. reIU """ Irn4. HI,. I 

8915 Towne Center Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 : 

L. __ '~~~2.!.~~!. __ I 

-



. , 

. \ 

Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

14 THE~GUARDIAN weekofAPR~OTO~6 

ca/enda;@--...u--..cs .......... d-.......-_ 
MON APRIL 10 

CAREER 
UCDC Info Session - If you've ever wanted 
to live and work in the nation's capital and 
get UC credit for it. this program is for 
you! The UCDC program sends students 
from all majors to intern and study in 
Washington, DC every quarter. Come find 
out about requirements, deadlines, and 
the application process. 11 am - 12 Noon 
at the Career Services Center. 

STUDENT ORGS 
2006 AssociIttd 5tudenb EI«tIons. Votl 
April H)·April 14 on TritonLink or Library 
Walk. 

AIpM KlIppe PIIlnfo Night. International 
Center, 7pm. 

lUES APRIL 11 
CAREER 

miss the last large job fair of the year, 
where you can meet with representatives 
from over 125 JOP companies spanning 
a variety of industries! Participating com-
panies are looking to nil full-time, part-
time, internship, and summer positions. 
Students from 'all class levels and alumni 
are encouraged to bring their resumes, 
make contacts. and connect with potential 
employers. Library Walk (in case of rain, 
the Fair will be held in the Price Center 
Ballrooml 10:3oam-2:30pm. 
Writing V- Pwnonal StltHlent for 
Hliith Professional School - Are you 
unsure of how to write your application 
essay for Health Professional school? In 
this workshop you will learn about the 
purpose of the statement. what content 
to include, and the best wa" to orga-
nize ~ur thoughts. Discover the 'do's and 
don'ts' of effective essay Wliting. 5-6pm. 
Career Services Center. 

LECTURE 

Cii,., her EdllUtor hogr .... 
Session - Learn about the exciting new 
Career Peer Educators Program offered 
through the Career Services Center, 
Including Job descriptions, application 
information, training, and an overview of 
the valwable skills Career Peer Educators 
will gain as participants. 9:3()'loam. 
Re_ Writing for Internships and 
PM-lime Jobs - Want to draw employers 
In, impress them, and stand out above 
the rest? This workshop will guide you 
through the steps to developing an eye-
catching cover letter and an unbeatable 
resume that includes all of the essential 
elements. Develop a resume draft on the 
spot under the guidance of our career 
expert! 11 am-12:15pm. 

Info VSA HUNn Trafficking S""posIum • 
Women For Salt. Human trafficking is a 
modern form of slavery. Women, children, 
and men are bought and sold everyday, all 
over the world. Come and learn how YOU 
can combat and lend a hand in a great 
cause to eradicate the modern form of 
slavery. 7prn, Center Hall 119. 

Making the Most of the Job F.lr - Get 
your action plan in place with our tips for 
preparing yourself for the Fair, making the 
best use of your time, and approaching 
employers. Don't forget to bring a draft 
of your resume to this workshop for a 
critique by one of our expert advisors! 
Career Services Center Horizon Room and 
Plaza,I -3pm. 

STUDENT ORGS 
Alpha KlIppe Psi Glme Night, Price Center 
Game Room, 8pm. 

WED APRIL 12 
CAREER 

Spring Job and Internship fair - Don't 

STUDENT ORGS 
Alph. KlIpp' PsI Professlonll 
o.vllopmtnt Workshop, Price Center 
Theater Lobby, 7pm. 

lHURS APRIL 13 . 
ARTS 

Vi.a .. Causal 500 '"" of Chicano 
History - Film with a compelling intro-
duction to the history of the Mexican-
American people. Discussion and light 
refreshments following. 5pm at the Cross-
Cultural Center. 

CAREER 
Interviewing to Win - At every level of 
your career, the job interview can make or 
break an employer's decision to hire you. 
Our career advisor will share Interviewing 
techniques that will help you start strong 
and be a winner. Find out how to antici-
pate the questions you'll be asked and 
learn the best strategies for following up 
after your Interview. 1 I :30am-12:30pm. 
Gradu.te Study in International Affairs 
- Come hear about the nature of graduate 

..., -

MONDAY, APRIL 10,2006 

study in international affairs while learn-
ing how to successfully prepare for and 
apply to a variety of programs. 2-3pm. 
UCDC Info StuIon - The UCDC program 
sends students from all majors to intern 
and study in Washington, DC every quar-
ter. Come find out about reqUirements, 
deadlines. and the application process. 
3:30-4:30pm 

LECTURE 
Eilin Samulls, Ph.D. Candidate, 
Department of English, UC -Berkeley - MA 
Comp/btIon of Complaints: Untangling 
IIacI, DIsability, .nd GencItr in the 
Nill"lnth Century andToday." Presented 
by the Departments of Communication, 
Ethnic Studies, and literature at UCSD. 
4-5:3Opm, deCerteau Rm. 3155 Literature 
Bldg. 
Brazil lecture Series: TlIInIdng BrulI: 0 
mils grande do mundol Panel discus-
sion with Isabel Carvalho, Visiting Scholar 
with Dept. of Ethnic Studies and ClLAS, 
UCSO, Gabriela Dos Reis Sampiio, ViSiting 
Professor, CILAS & Dept. of History, UCSD, 
Paul Sneed, Director of Luso-8razilian 
Studies, SDSU, Carlos Steil, Visiting Scholar 
with Dept. of Anthropology and CILAS, 
UCSD .Moderator: Crlstine Hunefeldt, 
Director of CilAS. 3-5pm, Deutz Room, 
Copley International Conf. Center, Institute 
of the Americas. 

SOCIAL EVENT 
WorW Quest 1'rIN CompetItIon - Join 
I-House and the San Diego World Affairs 
Council for the 1st UC50 World Quest 
international trivia competition I Teams of 
four UCSD students will compete to win 
prizes and to go on to the San Diego 
regional competition held on Sun. April 23. 
Food will be available from 7pm courtesy 
of Global Gourmet. Contact ihou$e@ucsd. 
edu for more information. 7:30pm, I-
House Great Hall.Wlth support from UCSD 
Bookstore, Fins, EI Torlto, Joelle's Salon, 
and more! 

FRI APRIL 14. 
CAREER 

finding In Intlmshlp or Pan n .... Job 
- Participating in an internship or a part-
time job can have wide-ranging benefits. 
Yet, with so many options available, which 
one is right for you? Come learn strategies 
for searching internship and part-time job 
listings to find positions that will meet 
your goals; l1am·12:15pm. 

LECTURE 
Moustafl 1aJoum1, Associate Professor 
of English, City University , of New York 
- Brooklyn College. .. Shebab of 
IrookIJn: ur. WrItIng In Post 9111 Aab 
America." Professor Bayoumi is coeditor of-
The Edward Said Reader (Vintage, 2(02), 
and author of articles that discuss Muslim 
challenges to European colonial moder-
nity, as well as the 'racing' of religion, 
African American Islam, 81ack Atlantic 
Islam, and Arab Americans since .2001. 
4pm, deCerteau Rm. 3155 literature 
Bldg. Sponsored by. the Department of 
Literature, Department of Ethnic Studies 
Program for the Study of Religion Critical 
Gender Studies and Middle East Studies. 

SPORTS 
Men's Volltyblll vs. Stanford, 7:pm at 
RIMACArena 

SAl. APRIL 15 
CAREER 

Intll'llltlonll c.r.er ~ -This will be a 
how to session on obtaining employment 
in various international fields including Int'I 
organizations and non-profits. Int'l corpo-
rations and int'I media. Representatives 
from the United Nations, Qualcomm, 
World Health Organization, and others 
will be presenting. RSVP to ihousetlUCsd. 
edu, I-House (under the Great Hall) by 
Wed. April 12. Cost $ 1 0 Includes a one-
year membership to the United Nations 
Association and a light lunch. 8:30am-
2:30pm, I-House Great Hall. 

SPORTS 
The 14th ranked Women's Wlter Polo 
plays No. 11 UC Santa Barbara, 3prn at 
Canyonview Pool. 
Softball cIoublehHCltr vs . <al State 
Dominguez. Free Chipotle burrito to the 
first 100 students at the game. 12 Noon at 
the softball field near RIMAe. 

STUDENT ORGS 
Alpha KIppI Psl M8rodMrs It the Buch. 
La Jolla Shores," 12 Noon. Rides at 
Peterson loop, 11 :30am. 

WEEKLY 
HEALTH 

STUDENT HEALTH is open to ALL regis-
tered students, regardless of health insur-
ance status! Appointments can be sched-
uled online at http://studenthealth.ucsd. 

edu or call 534-8089. Same-day appoint-
ment for urgent needS; walk-in Urgent 
Care if you need Immediate care (some 
access fees apply). Hours: weekdays Bam-
4:30pm (Weds. 9-4:3Opm). 
MIn's Clink @ Student Health - Routine 
male exams, STD checks, and sexual health 
services all available Mondays @I 9:30am -
NO CHARGE to reg. students! No appoint-
ment needed - just walk in to Student 
Health, 2nd fioor, Health Ed Dept. More 
information studenthealth.ucsd.edu 
,.., EducItIon Programs are provided by 
Student Health Advocates on Nutrition, 
HIV, Fitness, Stress. Sexual Health & other 
topics. Call 534-1824 for info on these 
FREE programs! 

Women's HHIth - Confidential annual 
exams, SID tests, birth control, ECp, and 
health education all at Student Health. 
Appts online or call 534-8089. Some fees 
mayappiy. 
~HlVtestinv at Student Health 
- no appt needed. Days and times on 
website under 'Health Education: $10. fee 
Includes pre- and post-counseling with 
a peer educator. Questions? Call a Health 
Educator @I 534-1824. 
NutrItIon CounJeIlng is available for stu-
dents at Student Health ServIce. Make 
your appointment online or call (858) 534-
8089. 
FIB ............... 1IIInt CInk led by 
a dietitian and a physician. Meets every 
Thursday at 3:00pm in the Student Health 
Conference Room, 1 st floor, no appoint-
ment needed!. 
Cholesterol Saunlng at Student Health 
for registered students! This test mea-
sures total cholesterol, HDL, LDl and 
Triglycerides, and requires 12 hour fasting. 
Sign up online, Fee $15.00. Call (858) 534-
1824 with questions. 

RELIGIOUS 

ExperIence Church DiffIrtntIJ - Services 
Sundays 11 am in the International Center. 
www.ExperlenceChurchDifferentiy.com 
US Grants ApplicatIons: frM Money! - If 
you have an academic project requiring 
funding, stop by the US Grants office (PC, 
3rd fir) for an application. Or, download 
an application and guidelines from the 
US Grants web site at http://as.ucsd.edu/ 
services/usgrants/. Expenses related to 
travel or computer parts are excluded. 
Application clHdlln.: AprIl 14th ., 1 pm. 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to www.ucsdguardian.org and link to "Calendar." Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

• 

April 13th, 1 15th, 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Students $6 I Staff/Faculty $7 I General Admission $8 
TIckets on sale at UCSD Box Office (858) 534-8497 and at the door 

Learn about a new way 

rcqllege 
Student Securities 

Securing JOur tuture • 

www.studentsecurities.com 

MONDAY, APRil 10,2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

·Masterful Decker Surrenders One 
Run In Complete Game Victory 

.1ASEBALl., from page 16 
in with runners on lint and third and one out-
Geach allowed one of Nlvarro's baserunnen to 
score before recording the Jut two outs of the 
inning. as the Broncos batted around and scored 
1m runs to like a 7-4 lead. 

Despite seems the lead they created slip away 
once apin. the Triton batten fought beck in their 
half of the fifth inning. with Morehead leading 
off the inning with • solo home run. his second 
of the game. Still down. by two runs with only 
one out in the inning. the Tritons got the equal-
izer from 1 walk by freshman first baseman Matt 
Cantde and 1 two-run ho~ run by senior center 
fielder Damian Fante. Freshman rightfielder Tim 
Mort doubled and advanced to third on a ground 
out, forcing the Tritons to rely on two-out hitting 
for the go-ahead run. UCSD put together three-
straight singles and took a 9-7 lead. 

The team got an insurance run in the sixth 
inning on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly and Geach 
held the Broncos scoreless. Leake made his sec-
ond app,earance in the series with one out in the 
eighth inning. Leake kept Pomona off the board 
in the eighth and ninth innings, tallying his 
fourth save and giving Geach his third win. 

With a 2-0 lead in the series, UCSD traveled 

to Pomooa to finish the final games. winning the 
6nt IWI'f game 6-1 and faIIlng in the finIIe 12-3. 

Freshman pitcher Trewr Deckr,r, who came 
out of the bullpen earlier in the season, was domi-
nant tJuouahout the 6-1 win. pitching a complete 
game while allowing only one run on 1m hits in 
his tint start. 

"When you corne out of the bullpen, you have 
1 kiIJer instinct to put 1 team away because that's 
your job." Decker slid. "When you start. your 
inJtinct is to keep your team as dose as pouibIe 
to give them a chance to win at the end." 

After silencing the Bronco bats for most of the 
series. Cal Poly Pomona unleashed 12 runs in its 
lone win, while holding the Tritons to three runs. 
Junior UCSD starting pitcher Todd Gimenez only 
went one and one-third inning and gave up five 
runs, three earned, in the losing effort. 

Though the final game did not go as planned, 
the 3-1 series win puts the Tritons in a good 
position to contend for the California Collegiate 
Athletics Association title. 

The Tritons will play Cal State Monterey Bay 
for three games on April 14 and April 15. The 
team then finishes out the seasop against various 
CCM opponents, none ranked in the top 25, 
before the CCM Tournament begins on May 11. 

UCSD Volleyball Plays for Pride In 
Final Stretch of Grueling Season 

• VOLl..EYllAll, from page 16 
Tied at 30-30 in game three, sophomore middle 
blocker Stephen Shaw and senior opposite Chris 
Sayen connected on back-to-back kiDs to give the 
Tritons the win 32-30. 

In game four, UCSD came back from behind 
to tie it It 25-25. The team continued with a 29-26 
lead on a Cal Baptist attack error, fOrcing a fifth 
and final game. 30-27. 

With game five only getting up to 15 points, 
the Tritons came out fired up to win an amaz-
ing match. UCSD led off with a 4-2 lead with 
the help of a kill by senior outside hitter Mike 
Reuter. Cal Baptist upped the.i r play by tying 

the score at 5-5 and then taking the lead 6-10. 
Another Reuter kill would later bring UCSD 
within one, 12-13, but two kills by junior mid-
dle blocker Urs Gunthor put the game away for 
Cal Baptist 15-12. 

"You look at our last few matches, we go four 
games with UCLA, go five with CBU, and four 
with UH; were playing hard: Ring said. "We want 
to send [the senion I out on a high note, we will 
get prepared and execute. 1 think we have a great 
opportunity in these last two games." 

The Tritons dose out their season on April 
14 and April 15 against Stanford and Pacific at 
RlMACArena. 

(PAID ADVERTISEMENT) 

How Can I Make UCSD Better For YOU? 
www.Vote4Bryce.com 

Vote At TritonLink 

-

... 



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael En/un 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

FOUR TOP 
FINISHES FOR 
TRACK AND 

FIELD AT UCLA 
By Rael Enlfen 
SPORTS EDITOR 

The UCSD men's and women's 
track and field teams continue to 
impress some of the toughest compe· 
tition in all of the NCAA, this time 
winning four individual events against 
DivisiOn-I opponents Brigham Young 
University, Stanford and UCLA at the 
Rafer Johnson/Jackie Joyner Kersey 
Invitational hosted by the Bruins April 
6 through April 8. 

Senior Brad Libuit won the men's 
lOO-meter event with a blistering time 
of 11 .03 seconds.end freshman Scott 
Tsuda took first in the men's long jump • 
with a distance of21 feet, 2.75 inches. 
Libuit also took third place in the men's 
high jump, tying with three other com-
petitors, including UCSD sophomore 
Roger Francis, with finishes of 6 feet, 
4.75 inches. 

Winning an event and a third-place 
finish representing the only NCAA 
Divi ion-II school in the invitational 
says a lot about Libuit's skills, accord-
ing to head coach Tony Salerno. 

"[ Brad's J a natural athlete and 
you're seeing that with him competing 
in sprints, jumps and throwS," Salerno 
said. "He brings a whole lot of dimen-
sions with his athleticism:' 

Having two male Tritons take first 
place impressed Salerno, who has seen 
his women's team outshine the men for 
most of the season. 

"I keep telling people that as good 
as our men's team is, our women's team 
is even better - they are just loaded 
in every event," Salerno said. "It feels 
good to see UCLA jerseys behind us at 
the finish line." . 

Salerno may have been more sur-
prised at the men's results, but his 
women matched the men with two 
first -place finishes in the 400 hurdles 
and the discus. 

Sophomore Laiah Blue outhurdled 
her competition and broke the finish 
line in 61.93 seconds. Freshman Jillian 
Sola took the top spot in the discus 
with a final throw of 1S4 feet, nine feet 
more than the second-place finisher 
from Nevada University. Freshman 
Sarah Hendy took third place in the 
same event with a solid toss of 143 feet, 
5 inches. 

The finishes excited Salerno about 
his women's team, which is the No. 1 
Divison II tearn in the country, accord-
ing to the most recent rankings. 

"As good as we were last year when 
we won the conference, we look even 
better this year;' Salerno said. "We're 
well ahead of the amount of national 
qualifiers that we were at last year." 

UCSD also earned other top three 
finishes in the invitational, including 
junior Elisa Holiday's jump of 18 feet, 
9 inches, just over two inches behind 
the first-place finisher from Nevada. 
The men's team also took second place 
overall, with senior Jon Patton finishing 
less than half a second behind UCLA's 
Kevin Craddock in the 110 hurdles 
with a time of 14.73 in the finals. 

Given the latest results and the 
home-field advantage, UCSD expects 
top marks at the Triton Invitational on 
April 21 and 22, according to Salerno. 

"We're excited to see what hap-
pens," Salerno said. "We're going to get 
some great marks and get our licks in, 
but with the meet against world-class 
athletes, you just hope to beat the per-
son next to you and see what happens 
in the end:' 

Before the competition, the 
Tritons will get tuneups at the Ml 
SAC Heptathlon on April 12 and April 
13, the Pomona-Pitzer Invitational on 
April 14 and the Mt. SAC Invitational 
on April 15. 

.. TH.GUARDIAN 
HOTCOIINER 

SPORTS 
Jenny Spencer 

Softball 
The senior outfielder led UCSD in a 

two-game sweep of CSU Monterey Bay 
on April 7, going 5-for-6 with four runs 

and three RBIs, a home run. MONDAY, APRIL 10, 2006 _____ _ 

Big Bats Power Tritons Past Cal PQly Pomona 
By Rllel Entttn 
SPORTS EDITOR 

The No. 22 Tritons capitalized 
on four home runs, two from junior 
catcher David Morehead, en route to a 
10-7 win on April 7, the second game 
in a four-game series between UCSD 
and Cal Poly Pomona that saw both 
offenses explode for big wins. 

The series spanned three days 
and two cities and ended with UCSD 
bounCing back from a 1-3 series 
against Cal State Stanislaus with three 
wins over Cal Poly Pomona. 

After losing three out of four to 
the Warriors, the Tritons were at risk 
of lOSing their top-25 ranking, but 
proved their worth with the wins over 
the Broncos. UCSD took the first 
three games by scores of 4-3, 10-7 and 
6-1, but feU in the series fmale by a 
score of 12-3. 

The Tritpns. who only scored seven 
runs in the series against the Warriors, 
put together 20 runs in the first three 
games against the Broncos. 

• BillY WON G/GUARDIAN 

Although its offense was key 
throughout the series, UCSD was held 
hitless from the fourth to the seventh 
innings in the series opener and need-
ed an error on a fielder's choice in the 
eighth inning to take the 4-3 victory. 

Junior third baseman Jonathan Erickson applies the tag in the UCSD's llr7 win over Pomona on April 7, which featured four UCSD long baIls. 

The Tritons had a 3-0 lead in the 
first game heading into the seventh 
inning on a two-run first and anoth-
er run in the third, but allowed the 
Broncos two runs in the seventh and 
another in the eighth for a 3-3 tie 
going into the home half. 

The team's bats picked up the 
demoralized Triton pitchers by scor-
ing the go-ahead run in the bottom 

of the eighth inning on a sloppy play 
by the Broncos_ With runners on first 
and second and one out, freshman 
Josh Tarmer hit into a fielder's choice, 
but the pitcher covering first base mis-
handled the throw, allowing freshman 
pinch-runner Devin Incerti to score 
the winning run from second base. 

Senior Ryan Leake retired the 
Broncos in the ninth to pick up his 
second win of the season. -

Like the opener, the second game 
of the series at UCSD saw the Tritons 
capitalize on sloppy Bronco play, this 
time taking a 1-0 first inning lead on 
four wild pitches. The Broncos scored 
two runs in the second inning to take 
a 2-1 advantage, only to see UCSD 
regain the lead with three runs in 
the third off back-to-back home runs 
from junior catcher David Morehead 
and sophomore designated hitter Scott 

Clement. Morehead drove in junior 
left fielder John Roth with his dinger, 
while Clement's was a solo shot. 

With a 4-2 lead, UCSD hoped 
senior starting pitcher Jose Navarro 
could hold off the Bronco bats. Instead, 
Navarro could only record one out 
while allowing five runs before giving 
way to senior T.e. Geach, who came 

[ BASEBALL, page 15 1 

Volleyball Continues Skid With Three Close Losses 
• 

KUNAl 
Junior Broob DimImff!lets the table for JOphomore John Wmdkr in l!CSD's near-upset 
against the No. J Cal Baptist on April 3, thejirst of three /oaa in the UJftlcjor the Tri1ons. 

By Paul Choi 
STAFF WRITER 

With nothing to show for their 
improved play as of late, the UCSD 
men's volleyball team dropped three 
more games, including back-to-back 
losses in Honolulu on April 7 and 8. 

The Tritons have only two more 
chances to get a lone win against a 
Mountain Pacific Sports Federation 
opponent. Last season, UCSD beat the 
University of Southern California for 
their sole MPSF win, going 1-21 in the 
league. Now the Tritons have a good 
shot at matching or surpassing that 
total by facing the two teams with the 
lowest win totals, Stanford and Pacific, 
in their upcoming games. 

On April 8, No. 3 University of 
Hawaii swept UCSD, 20-30, 25-30 and ' 
18-30 in front of a Warrior crowd of 
more than 3,000. Senior outside hitter 
Jon Daze led the Tritons with 12 kills 
while senior outside hitter Matt Carere 
and junior outside hitter Lauri Hakala 
paced the Warriors with 13 and 12 
kills, respectively. Hawaii improved to 
21-4 overall and 17-3 in MPSF while 
extending their winning streak to 17. 

In game one, the Warriors had 
many runs, including a 1-7 run to 
begin the match. Hawaii ended· the 
game with a 12-3 run and held UCSD 
without a block as the team easily won 
20-30. 

Game two was a different story as 
. the Tritons basically matched Hawaii 
point for point until the Warriors 
broke a 20-all tie. Hawaii went on to 
score four -straight points, eventually 
winning by five, 25-30 . . 

The Warriors took advantage of 
long runs yet again in game three, 
using a 1-9 outburst to crush UCSD 
18-30. 

With the victory, Hawaii will be 
seeded no lower than No. 2 in the 
upcoming MPSF playoffs. Meanwhile, 
UCSD will surely be left to ponder how 
to improve in the offseason. 

-The fight left in our guys this 

late in the season with no hopes for 
a playoff [appearance J is impressive;' 
head coach Kevin Ring said. "The trip 

- to Hawaii has been wonderful, the fans 
have been great. Too bad we couldn't 
get a win." 

UCSD looked like a playoff team 
the night before when they lost to 
Hawaii in four games. 

Game one stayed dose, including 
a couple of lead changes. However, the 
Tritons couldn't put the Warriors away 
in two game-point opportunities at 29-
28 and 30-29. With the help of eight 
kills by Hakala, Hawaii took the game 
in extra frames 36-38. 

The Warriors fed off the momen-
tum from game one to lead UCSD 
22-27 in the second game. The Tritons 
refused to give up by going on a 6-1 
run to tie it all up late in the game at 
28-28. UCSD held off three set points 
and battled tough to a 39-37 victory on 
a Hawaii hitting error. 

"We didn't let the loss in game one 
affect us," Ring said. "The guys on the 
team have my respect for how hard 
they played against one of the top 
teams in the country.' 

The Warriors tightened their 
defense in games three and four, win-
ning convincingly with scores of 20-30 
and 21 -30. UCSD was held to a mere 
.030 and .1 03 hitting in the finaJ two 
games. 

"I think a little bit of the adrenaline 
high let down after going so many 
points in the first two games and we 
weren't able to match it later on;' Ring 
said. 

On April 5, the Tritons almost upset 
the top-ranked National Association 
for IntercoUegiate Athletics schoo1, Cal 
Baptist, losing in five games. 

The Lancers took it to UCSD, 
cruising to wins in the first two games, 
26-30 and 25-30. 

Instead of just giviJl8 up and losing 
in three, the Tritons tried to execute 
everything they'w done in practice_ 

[ WX1EYIAI.l, P-ee 15 ) 


