
THE WEB IS ONLY AS QUICK AS ITS USERS. OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

RDI 
www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

NEW A.S. 
CHARTER 

NARROWLY 
APPROVED 

John Muir College 
Council casts deciding 
vote approving Khanna's 
revamped constitution 
after heavy debate. 

By Charles Nguyen 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

The vision of the A.S. Council 
conce.ived by a reform-oriented task 
force over summer will now become 
student government's new struc-
ture, ushered in last week by col-
lege endorsements that were in some 
cases very contentious. 

The revisOO council rulel> - which 
included a major power shift from 
college-specific to aU-.campus politi-
cians - barely met the minimum 
vote count needed for full ratification, 
receiving required approval from 
four of the six student college coun-
cils. A.S. Council President Harry 
Khanna, who led the task force of 
student politicians, said he "thought 
this project was impossible:' 

The overhauled constitution was 
an especially hard seU to college poli-

[ CONSTITUTION, page 2 ] 

.Muir 
Senator 
Booted 

By Hadley Mendoza 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

In a dosed-session meeting 
last week, the John Muir College 
Council impeached Junior 
Senator Aida Kuzucan for poor 
attendance, though some A.S. 
councilmembers have expressed 
dissatisfaction with the decision. 

The MCC's policy dictates 
that two unexcused absences 
from council meetings warrants 
an automatic closed-session 
impeachrnenthearing. According 
to MCC Commissioner of Public 
Relations Betty Kuo, Kuzucan had 
three and a half college council 
absences, which was the official 
reason for the hearing. 

The MCC bylaws state that 
absence excuses are at the "dis-
cretion of the chair." However, 
Kuzucan said that two of her 
absences were legitimate because 
they were due to a family emer-
gency and a religious holiday. 

"It seems as though many in 
her council have been meaning 
to impeach Aida for a long time, 
and they were just waiting for an 
excuse; Sixth College Sophomore 

. Senator John Cressey stated in an 
e-mail. 

[MUIR, page 2] 

Athletes Take a Stand to Save~Dept. 

Will PARSON/GUARDIA N 
John Muir College senior and Triton Athletes Council Chair Dan Noel (podium) spoIce on behalf of intercollegiate athletes at last weeks A.s. Council meeting, saying, 
"What stands behind me is not a threat. This is passion. This is the belief that this campus can be something greater than what it is now.' 

Over 90 athletes attended 
last week's A.S meeting to 
urge the council to support 
the upcoming athletics fee 
referendum. 

By Serena Renner 
ASSOC IATE NEWS EDITOR 

Last Wednesday's A.S. Council 
meeting drew the largest crowd of the 
year. Ornamented in blue and gold, 
these audience members, several with 

prepared speeches in hand, were UCSD 
Triton athletes who came to rally around 
one cause - the need for students to 
address the standing of campus inter-
collegiate athletics through an under-
graduate vote next quarter. 

The vote would ask students 
whether or not they would shoulder 
an additional $78 per quarter, on top of 
the existing $31.80 that they currently 
pay in ICA activity fees, to support the 
advancement of the athletics depart-
ment and provide athletic scholarships 
for the first time in the university's 46-
year history. 

An NCAA mandate that went 
into effect last fall, which required 
all Division-II programs to provide at 
least $250,000 in athletic aid, spawned 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Joseph W. Watson's grants-in-aid pro-
posal, which would provide $500 to 
each of UCSD's 600 athletes. Watson's 
plan was meant to meet the requi-
site while staying .consistent with the 
university's principles against faVOring 
athletic ability. 

Compounding the financial bur-

[ ATHLETICS, page 3 ] 

Sleeping in the Cold for a Cause Regent~ Release 
Employee Pay Data By Sharon Yi CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Twenty students spent the night 
in cardboard boxes on the steps of 
Cafe Ventanas on Nov. 16 - in 60-
degree weather - to raise aware-
ness and gain perspective on those 
in San Diego who live that way 
every day. 

The event, called Box City, 
was sponsored by both the cam-
pus organization Community 
Outreach Effort and the California 
Public Interest Research Group 
and featured a soup kitchen orga-
nized by John Muir College senior 
John' Almon. Also, guest speakers 
addressed the topic of homeless-
ness. 

Eleanor Roosevelt College fresh -
man and CalPIRG and C.O.R.E. 
member Fran Nanadiego orga-
nized Box City in hopes to engage 
students in a night that would be 
an eye-opening experience. 

,"What were trying to do tonight 
is to press the issue of homelessness 
and to push politicians to do some-
thing about it," Nana4iego said. 

During the event, students deco-
rated cardboard boxes and, to their 
best ability, made them into a home 
for the night. They also listened 

FOCUS 

Nuking San Diego 

HYDIE CHEUNG/GUARDIAN 
Approximately 20 students camped out on the Cafe Ventanas steps and ate food from an 
impromptu soup leitchen on the night of NOli. 16 to raise awareness for the homeless. 
to speakers, ate vegetable chili for 
dinner from a specially set-up soup 
kitchen and slept in the cold with 
nothing but the clothes on their 
back and old pages of newspaper as 
insulation. . 

Students listened to Brother 
Benno Homeless Shelter Assistant 
Director Frank Doherty and 
Executive Director of the Regional 
Task Force of the Homeless John 
Thelen spoke about the situation 
that homeless people face and what 

students could do to help. 
"The biggest cause of homeless-

ness is the economic issue:' Thelen 
said. "Twenty-five percent of the 
homeless work full - or part-time 
jobs but cannot make enough to pay 
for rent. It is embarrassing for many 
who are applying for a job but [have 1 
no address to put down." 

The organizations originally 
planned to make the event a fund-

[ HOMELESS, page 2 ] 

SPOII'5 

Not Fast Enough 

Prompted by year-Ions 
scrutiny of compensatIon 
practices, UC system's 
governing body provides 
salary report. 

By Jaclyn Appel 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

One year after the media and 
the public caUed the University of 
California's compensation disclo-
sure into question, UC officials have 
released a preliminary report on last 
year's payroll data shOwing increases in 
both employee base pay and bonuses. 

The individual employee infor-
mation contained in the preliminary 
report is considered under California 
state law to be public material because, 
as employees. of a public university, 
data such as compensation is defined 
as open record. 

"We remain committed to open-
ness and transparency, and for that 
reason have decided to take two addi-
tional steps," UC Board of Regents 
Chair Gerald L. Parsky stated in a press 

release. "We will be making public, 
effective-immediately, total compensa-
tion for all university employees ... [and) 
as part of our ongoing commitment to 
unde.rstand and addrrss compensation 
issues, we have undertaken an analysis 
of this past fiscal year's payroll data." 

The data released in the prelimi-
nary report reveals that employee 
compensation "above base pay" - a 
category of pay referring to anything 
other than overtime and salary - has 
increased from $843 million to $916 
million over the past year. 

UC President Robert C. Dynes 
defended the university's right to spend 
the additional money on its employees. 

"Today's competition for the most 
talented faculty and staff means that 
preserving the quality of the institu-
tion costs moneY, Dynes stated in a 
press release. 

According to the report, the reason 
for increase in above base pay com-
pensation can be attribut,ed to several 
factors. The workforce has grown as 
a result of an increase in services pro-
vided by the university. As a result, 

[ COMPENSATION, page 3 ] 

INSIDE WEATHER 
letters to the Editor .............. 5 
Campus Calendar .................. 6 Nov. 20 Nov, 21 

At a local nuclear reactor, researchers explore 
fusion reactions in search of alternative energy 

Women's cross country finishes 16th out of 22 teams in 
the NCM Division 11 championship race. 

In Focus ................................... 7 H79 L52 H 74L 51 
Classifieds ...... .. ..................... 10 

pqe7 JJ11112 Crossword ............................. 10 
Hot Corner ............. ..... .......... 12 

Nov. 22 Nov. 23 
H72 L50 H68L47 



2 NEWS 

NEKO 

Revelle, Marshall Colleges 
Reject New Constitution 
~ CONSTITUTION, from page 1 
ticians, whose voting power will be 
effectively cut in half by the new rules. 
The change was meant to make room 
for new voting positions elected by the 
campus as a whole. The restructuring 
also turned former elected commis-
sioners into appointed "technocrat" 
positions. 

However, it was the empowerment 
of all-campus politicians that most 
irked college officials, who contested 
what they said was a minimization of 
college politics. 

"There was a lot of support for our 
ideas, other than the way we wanted 
to revise college representation; said 
Emil Achrnad, chair of Revelle College 
Student Council and a member of the 
task force. . 

Christine Chang, John Muir 
College Council's ambassador of ser-
vice and planning, stated in an e-mail 
that she was initiaUy skeptical of the 
document's departure from college 
representation. However, Chang stated 
that she changed her mind to more 
accurately speak for her constituents. 

"While I have my reservations about 
the shift in political power ... I think 
that moving A.S. toward aU-campus 
representation is a necessary move for 
aU students to feel that their needs are 
addressed and that their interests are 
represented," Chang stated. 

The task force, Khanna said, spent 
the summer reconsidering every 
nuance of the old constitution to iso-
late and purge discrepancies and ambi-
guities. The comprehensive review 
enabled the group to address possible 
contentions. Although Khanna said he 

was initially pessimistic about the pros-
pect of ratification, he "didn't expect 
the mood to shift so hugelY. 

Revelle College's student council 
rejected the new constitution in a 6-7 
vote. The Thurgood Marshall College 
Student Council also voted against 
the redraft, barely failing to garner 
the two-thirds majority needed for 
ratification. However, the constitu-
tion did receive landslide support at 
Earl Warren College's student council 
through unanimous approval. Muir, 
Sixth College and Eleanor Roosevelt 
College passed the document 9-7, 
8-2 and 13-3, respectively, with Muir 
casting the deciding vote last week. 
College councils will begin adapting 
their own bylaws to the new consti-
tution. 

"Now is the time when we learn to 
inhabit the new world made by this 
constitution; Warren Sophomore 
Senator Taylor Stuart said. "It's a 
world that doesn't place stress on the 
college councils." 

The rules may have spurred a 
broader spirit of reform, according 
to Achmad. 

"Now everyone has to revisit the 
body structure of their individual 
councils; he said. 

The new constitution will prob· 
ably face more changes, as politi-
cians plan to propose amendments 
to the extensive document. One 
such change will most likely increase 
political representation for freshmen, 
Khanna said. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

- -- - - ------ - -- ----------. 

: c.5ke , c::::iI I 
'1 Flame Broiler ~ I 
1 AIwa7a G4NN1",AIwa,. Caaraateed! I 
I I 

1$125 ~!~~"~~~bo : 
1 Expire. 12/16/06. I 
1 I 
1 I 
I!:--"!.~ VI!.~!.. ~~ in~xt ..!o_R~b~'~ ~"!) .!'! '.!.I.!.I 

r:-------I 
tBrazilia $l\Jn ~rel I 

Facl,,1s • WlUillg • Luer Hair R"""",," ~ I I 
~ I 1Sa«_cIau 1 

UTe 81- - - - - - - -~ 1 
4S4S La Joo. Vilbge Dr. Iil l I 
(StamlfI-_N"'-s! !§ 
SID Diep, CA '2m ~ I 1 

ONLINE BOOKINGS 1:_ .!S!''="''_~ --: 
AVAILABLE ; I I 

Ii I I 
1- _.~:!,,!!~ __ I 

1 3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858)1152-99119 I L _______________________ _ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Majority of Muir Council 
Favors Senat<:lr Impeachment 
~ MUIR, from page 1 

While one of the possible courses 
of action in a dosed-session meeting 
is impeachment, les5er punishments 
such as probation can also be admin-
istered, MCC Chair Carissa Kreuger 
said. However, the decision was up to 
the discretion of the college council, 
over two-thirds of which ultimately 
decided to impeach Kuzucan. 

Some A.S. counciImembers, such 
as Muir Senior Senator Matthew 
Bright. said they would have preferred 
an option other than impeachment. 

Kuzucan was elected last spring as 

Muir junior senator, and as such has 
se.rved as a liaison between MCC and 
the A.S. Council. However, because 
colleges have autonomy, members 
of the A.S. Council were not invited 
to take part in the impeachment 
hearing. 

"I think it's clear that A.S. sup-
ports [Kuzucanl .. . and is not in 
support of what MCC has done; A.S. 
President Harry Khanna said. 

After her impeachment. Kuzucan 
collected signatures to petition MCC 

[ IMPEACHMENT, page 3 ) 

Event Originally Meant 
to Be a Fundraiser 
~ HOMELESS, from page 1 
raiser, but event planners were not 
able to execute those plans. 

Several students. such as ERC 
freshmen Arthur Vigil and Brianna 
Martin, were surprised by the 
event's purpose. 

"[The speech) offered me 
something that I could do beyond 
tonight; Vigil said. 

Ultimately, the night ended in 
success, organizers said. UCSD stu-
dents willingly put themselves in 
a situation that made them cold, 
hungry and tired after a fretful 
night spent in a cardboard box. but 
they walked away with an increased 
sense of the homeless experience 
and with a desire to help those who 

8~fOflf-wIth cr.....tlng 

• OrthodontIcs . 
• Clear and "Rema.tabIe" Braces 
• Ungual (behind the teeth) 
• General and Cosmetic Dentistry 

SIraIght~ In 2 weeIcs with wneeB 
• Oral Surgery & Implants 
• TMJ Dysfunction 

Call today ror )"ur FREE orthodontic 
consultation and lum about the latnt techniques. 

were in such situations. 
"Although it was hard, I don't 

think too many UCSD students 
know [what) it's like to be poor. 
so I think this was an eye-opening 
experience," Revelle College senior 
Esteban Gonzales said. 

While organizers said that the 
event was a success, ERC freshman 
and event participant Meg Gray 
said that more needs to be done to 
address the issue of homeless ness. 

"I think the people that were 
out here are the number of people 
that actually care about this issue; 
G@ysaid. 

Readers can contact Sharon Yi at 
sharondipityi@sbcglobal.net. 

AFTIR-six_IIt .. 

...... -

InviAIIgn 
might teo!h, no_ 

"' .... lIgn 

t.~~1 Ms .... nIod Dr.~ 
GeoogokIis 
for hi. 
ecponI .. 
tnd hi) 

l!!!i!'!!!!!iI!!I !link«! him 
lmongthe 
topS'I>'n 
the",tJrn. 

Dental AIIodates of La Jolla 8511552-1620 ® MIM.8E1l OF 11iE AM1JUCAN Ok'1'HODON'Mt: SCXl£1'Y. ADA. CDA A.ltoJU SDCDS 4510 F ... culh .. Drive, uilolO6 (o •• r Uni .. "ity lbwne Centre) www.drgeorgedds.com 
( l' I,' h r .1 till ~ 2 h ".1 r, "I ".1 Ii, It ",I P.I I I l It t , 

POSTAL ANNE-X 
COUPON 

MONDAY, NOVEMII£R 20, 2006 

&liar in CItIef 
Andrew Nguyen 
Chorles Nsuyen 

...... kIIIan 

Hodley Mendou 
NedoOreizy 

c.,,~ 

*"-McArdle News .... 

Ma~L'~~. ~-f'IIon 
rel\tltenher 

N.I~' 'klDs 0pIIIi0n kIIor 
N.laSlle-lo/IIIghi AIIod* 0pI0i0n kIIor 

SperII kIIor 
A.m.. SparII &liar 

..... c.~ ..,.j. ... 
~ ... ~r-.&IIar 
Simone WlIien .... EtIIIr-

,ioGu A..-........ 
"'.sh I<6hmirion ... EtIIIr-

RkNrd Choi DeIIp ~ 
~nnifer Hsu ... 

YIIoottt ........ 
,,*r.,.r 

Mic"'~!!r~~"'Itieu, Sitnoni,wiIoor1. MkIIMII ......, Vip 
_io Howley, e£!.a.... ill Unton, 

Close to UCSD 
anow MARKET PRICES 
RENT Is DEAD MONEY , 

• 

START OWNING 
Mark 858-349·1581 
frllItI •• n ... rke •• rtllll.k.n.t 
....... rkfrilltl ... n .. _ •. o_ 

~CONDOKING 
,-----------

BRENDAAnAMS: 
atALIX'S SALON : 

1 

I 
I 
1 
1 
I , 

.. , .,, __ t. I 
c .... NIN .... ".".,.". I 

8915 Towne Center Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 : 

L __ ·~~22.!.4117 __ , 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Pay for Senior 
U C Officials 
on the Rise 

Muir Chair: Dept. Could Drop 13 Teams if Measure Fails 

~ COMPENSATION, from page 1 
employee salaries. or "base paY, has 
increased for U C employees. forcing the 
university to increase employee spend-
ing in order to be competitive in the job 
market for educational facilities. 

However, audits of the universi-
ty's compensation practices that dis-
covered inappropriate practices have 
prompted reforms. 

The university has implemented 
approval requirements for exceptions 
to policy, introduced open-session 
regents' committee votes for com-
pensation matters. created new over-
sight positions and poLicy compliance 
mechanisms at the U C Office of the 
President and formed new policies for 
employee hiring negotiations. 

Although the regents have created 
new methods of publicly revealing 
compensation information, concerns 
still remain about the university's dis-
tribution of payment. 

According to the report, compen-
sation for the university's ) 85 senior 
managers - a category of employees 
including chancellors and vice chan-
cellors - increased from $7 million to 
$7.L7 million during the past year. 

"We support workers being fairly 
compensated for their work~ American 
Federation of State, County and 
Municipal Employees union local rep-
resentative Celene Perez said. "That 
being said, executives of a public insti-
tution are getting obscenely high pay 
and perks while some workers collect 
cans and work several jobs to make 
ends meet. UC executives will not go 
hungry if they don't get more money. 
The same cannot be said for some 
workers' families:' 

Readers can contact ladyn Appel at 
jappel@ucsd.edu. 

Decision Not 
Personal 
~ IMPEACHMENT, from page 2 
to reverse the decision and spoke dur-
ing the Nov. 16 A.S. meeting. Several 
Muir and A.S. councilmembers also 
took the floor on her behalf. 

Muir Web Intern Arturo 
Ruvalcaba, an active member of 
MCC. spoke out against the decision, 
citing previous impeachment hear-
ings and attendance violations. 

"I think [Kuzucan] was impeached 
for obvious reasons, those which 
include the chair, vice chair and sev-
eral other members' personal issues 
about [Kuzucanl; Ruvalcaba stated 
in an e-mail. ") have seen four or five 
impeachment hearings and they have 
all ended in probationary pe.riods 
being granted .. .. The thing about it 
is that everyone knows that Carissa 
Kreuger hates Aida Kuzucan:' 

Kreuger said that her decision 
was not made on a personal basis, 
and added that. as chair, she did not 
have a vote on the issue. 

"It was not a personal decision, 
attack or affront in any manner." 
Kreuger said. "I put forth the facts to 
the council as I had them." 

Parliamentary procedure dictates 
that the impeachment cannot be 
reversed; however, MCC Vice Chair 
and interim Junior Senator Dave 
Payne said that if MCC chose to 
suspend the bylaws, Kuzucan could 
reapply for her old position. 

After the public input period 
during the council's meeting. MCC 
discussed this possibility of suspend-
ing the bylaws for Kuzucan, but 
voted against it. MCC will review the 
application and appoint a new junior 
senator as soon as possible. 

Readers can contact Hadley Mendoza 
at hsmendoz@ucsd.edu. 

~ ATHLETICS, from page 1 
dens in providing scholarships was a 
$300,000 operating budget deficit that 
surfaced in the athletics department 
during the 2004-05 academic year. 

After two years of debate. the 
Academic Senate Council approved 
the scholarship proposal and addi-
tional funding for the department 
under one condition - that students 
vote to foot the bill. 

"The stand that [the faculty] will 
always take is protecting the integrity 
of the academic mission:' Academic 
Senate Council Chair Henry C. 
Powell said. 

While admitting that the fee 
increase is hefty, athletes at the meet-
ing called the referendum "history in 
the making:' They specifically com-
mended its potential to show admin-
istrators how students feel about 
intercollegiate athletics on campus. 
Players from every ICA team wrote 
letters to A.S. Council senators, voic-
ing their perspective on the depart-
menr's potential and their personal 
accounts of being a student -athlete 
atUCSD. 

Eleanor Roosevelt College senior 
and crew team member Joe Gram 
was the first athlete to take the floor at 
the meeting. and addressed the coun-
cil with a "philosophical" question. 

"What role does athletics play at 
Ucsm" Gram said. "In refusing to 
support the athletics department, the 
administration has already answered 
that question ... now, it's our turn ." 

Although students already sup-
ply $2.6 million of the department's 
$3.8 million budget, the campus pro-
vides nothing in direct institutional 
support. according to a new report 
released by former NCAA President 
Cedric Dempsey. That's Simply the 
determined funding method at 
UCSD, Watson said. 

"[Getting financial support from 
the administration I is not fight-
ing against an uphill battle - that's 

FOCUS & TypeFOCUS Self-Assessments 
These online tools help you gain a bener understanding 
of yourself and your interests. Uncover your strengths and 
discover satisfying careers that match your ski lls and values. 
GET STARTED: Meet with one of our advisors for your 
personal access password and online orientation. 

The VAULT Career Library 
Prepare for your job search with VAULT's extensive 
company, career and industry profiles. Research salary 
stats for speCific companies or career fields. What will you 
uncover in the VAULT? 
GET STARTED: Click on the "Occupationallnfo"link at 
career.ucsd.edu, select 'VAULT," and enter your student ID#. 

Your Personal Career Portfolio 
Track and share your skills, accomplishments, resumes, 
and professional references, all in one convenient online 
location! Make applications and job searches a breeze by 
updating your portfolio regularly. 
GET STARTED: ViSit career.ucsd.edu, dick on the "Career 
Portfolio" link, and enter your PID and PAC. 

The Career Access Network 
Use our online database to obtain career advice from 
successful 'UCSD alumni while expanding your professional 
network. Free access for Alumni Assn. Student Membels. 
GET STARTED: Click on the "Making (ontacts" link at 
career.ucsd.edu, select"CAN; and follow the instructions . 

fighting against a wall:' John Muir 
College senior and Triton Athletes 
Council Chair Dan Noel said. "We're 
looking at the students because we 
need their help," 

The $78 figure was formulated 
from an audit assessing the needs and 
expenses of the athletics department. 
Among other striking discoveries 
found in Dempsey's report, the UCSD 
athletics department is underfunded 
by more than $) million for the size 
and caliber of the program. UCSD's 
program has 23 teams compared to 
the Division-ll average of 13. 

Despite the campus' broad-based 

e want to compete 
at tHe highest level ... 
we're just not able to 

do that?' 
- Dan Noel. Chair, 

TriLon Athletes Council 

philosophy, a failure to gamer more 
funds would mean the immediate 
cut of as many as 13 teams next fall, 
according to Director of Athletics 
Earl W. Edwards. Not providing 
athletic aid could also make UCSD 
ineligible to compete in Division-II 
championships, he said. 

The largest challenge, however, 
is funding the general operation of 
the program, according to Edwards, 
which currently lacks basic funding 
for transportation, insurance, equip-
ment and conference costs. Athletes 
contribute apprmdmately $500 each 
just to participate and many teams 
resort to janitorial work, such as 
sweeping floors and scrubbing 
courts, simply to play enough teams 
to be eligible for championships. 

"We could have a perfect season 

and not necessarily go to nationals," 
Noel said. "We want to compete at 
the highest level and without ade-
quate funding, were just not able to 

. do that~ 
A large portion of funds would 

also go to proper coaching salaries, 
which are currently around $15,000 
less per year than some of UCSD's 
Division-ll counterparts. Better pay 
will help coaches to focus exclusively 
on their respective sports, Noel said. 

While the A.S. Council expressed 
unanimous support for having the 
referendum, "bureaucracy" and "red 
tape" hindered the issue, according 
to some athletes . . --' 

The first area of conflict centered 
on separating the scholarship pro-
posal and financial support for the 
department into two separate votes, 
an example of the A.S. Council "miss-
ing the point:' according to Gram. 

"By splitting this up, you guys 
are just buying in to [the I same 
exact wishy-washy semi-support [as 
the administration] :' Gram said. "Do 
you support athletics here at UCSD 
or not? If you do, then this aU goes 
as one. If not, let's go down in a huge 
flame but let's give it its fair shot:' 

Despite pleading from athletes to 
approve the referendum that night, 
the council decided to postpone its 
final vote until ) Oth week in order to 
add a "shared governance' provision 
that would grant students some direct 
oversight of university facilities. 

While athletes support student 
control, they voiced concern about 
the department's need getting lost in 
an A.S. battle for student control. 

"If the council [passes] the vote 
to place the referendum on the bal-
lot at their next meeting, they will 
have demonstrated that they are still 
committed to the cause of athletiCS; 
he said. 

Readers can contact Serena Renner 
at srenner@ucsd.edu. 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS 



4 
o T CT THE EDITOR 

Nathan Miklos 
opillion@ucsdguardiall .org 

EVERYTHING 
I KNOW, THE 

INTERNET 
TOLD ME 

Just the other day, 1 learned that it's pos ible to jump out of an airplane and - with the proper equipment, 
of our e - glide like a flying squir-
rel for up to two miles. Two miles. 
Seriou Iy. The Internet told me. 

All you need is an airplane, a para-
chute, a flying squirrel suit and a pair 
of 200-horsepower jet engines small 
enough to strap to your legs. (A few 
sv.ojgs of bourbon probably wouldn't 
hurt either.) 

Basically, you bail out of an airplane 
at 20,000 feet, spread your arms and 

~ChiCken ? Scratch ";-... Nathan Miklos 
- nmiklos@ucsd.edu 

turn the engines on. When you run 
out of gas, you simply pull the chute 
and drift comfortably to the ground. At 
least that's all the guy on YouTube did. 
It seemed like the greatest idea ever. 

I might have tried it myself. but 
then I saw another video from which 
J learned that it's possible to parachute 
off a steep dam and - with the proper 
equipment, of course - plummet like 
a sack of bricks, destrOying every bone 
in your body. 

Thank god fo r the Internet. 
Like a Magic 8-BaU, it has an 

answer for everything. But unlike a 
Magic 8-BaIl, the Internet knows what 
the hell it's talking about. I can ask 
"What is the atomic mass of niobium?" 
and the Internet unhesitatingly shoots 
back "92.906 amu." 

In seconds, the Internet can tell 
you the phone number of the nearest 
pizza shop, the gross domestic prod-
uct of Nicaragua or the Ilth-highest-
grossing ftlm in the history of French 
cinema. 

This instant access to information 
has profoundly changed the way we 
operate from day to day. For everyone 
v.oith access to a computer, handwrit-
ten letters are a thing of the past. The 
Yellow Pages are obsolete. Not long 
ago, drivers used oversized atlases to 
plan car trips, but online mapping 
programs have sent road maps the way 
of the bandwagon - used in metaphor 
more often than in real life. 

And those are just some of the 
everyday uses; the Internet permeates 
our academics and politics as well. 
A study by the Pew Internet Project 
determined that at least 71 percent of 
online teens (between the ages of 12 
and 17) relied on the Inteqlet as the 
major source for school projects or 
reports. Another study from the same 
project found that college students get 
more of their political news from the 
[ntemet than from anywhere else. 

College students in particular, the 
report stated, are likely to be aware 
of political-themed Web logs. And 
indeed, for the past several years, pro-
fessional bloggers have crept out of the 
purely political arena and into almost 
every industry and interest group 
imaginable. A result of this is that the 
average Internet user has easy access 
to extensive information and opinions 
on very specific subjects that print and 
media journalists simply don't have the 
resources - or the gristle - to cover. 

And while the Internet makes it far 
easier to pick and choose what news 
we consume. the Pew project found 

[ CHICKEN, pasr 5 ] 

'4 THE~GUARDIAN Web poll I How do )'011 think Prop. 209 has affected higher education? 

OPINION 5% to.t ol38\1illn 
o Positively 

Negatively 
• Not at all 
• I don't know 

Vote OD the Dew 4lUtion al II4IIIlI,IKSd,.,nlllllI.org. 
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20,2006 

College Wake-Up Call 

~-. 

Exhaustive psychological and sociological research in the field of higher education has 
recently led many professors and 
experts to a seemingly obvious con-
clusion - a large number of students 
think they are more gifted and spe-
cial than they really are. 

In "Ignorant of Their Ignorance;' 
author Shari Wilson (a pseudonym) 
discussed the inability of college stu-
dents to objectively gauge their own 
academic performance. Wilson, a 
professor of undergraduate English 
who writes the column "Nomad 
Scholar; explained that none of her 
students who labeled themselves 
"overachievers· in an informal class 
poll were in fact living up to that 
standard as of her midterm exam. 

Looking at the big picture for a 
moment: Is this in any way surpris-
ing? Can the educational system, let 
alone society as a whole, realisti-
ca lly expect Americans to be able 
to realize when they're in over their 
heads? 

In her article, Wilson refer-
enced a 2000 study in the Journal of 
Educational Psychology that suggest-
ed low-performing students often 
have problems with overconfidence. 
However, it would be erroneous to 
ignore the fact that even average-
to high-performing students at the 
university level often deal with this 
same problem. UCSD students are 
no exception to this - data from the 
2003 UC Undergraduate Experience 
Survey report reflects that about 75 

Raised on praise and easy 
As, overconfident high 

schoolers run headlong 
into academic realities 

at universities. 
By Matt L'Heureux 
Senior Staff Writer 

C HRISTINA AUSHANA/ GUAROIAN 

percent ofincoming students referred 
to themselves as "above average" or 
within the top 10 percent in overaU 
academics. It doesn't take a UCSO-
educated statistician to realize that 
the numbers simply do not add up. 

Why, then, does overconfidence 
and a lack of self-awareness create 
such a quandary for und.ergradu-
ales? While Wilson points toward 
inconsistency in the quality of sec-
ondary-school education as a poten-
tial root cause, one also must con-
sider the oft-preached message of 

no indicator 
of college success 
- an assertion that belea-
guered, sleep-deprived college 
students struggling to keep afloat in 
their studies can certainly attest to. 
Similarly, modern, "helicopter" par-
enting - overbearing parents and 
guardians who are too "hands-on" 
in shaping their child's educational 
future - can lead to high school 
and even college students who are 
incapable of doing their own work 
without holding on to mommy or 

daddy's hand. 
While she 

academics that a 
child's education 
begins at home. 
Corre pondingly, 
a "you can be 
whatever you 
want to be, sweet-
heart" attitude 
- which few can 
deny provides 

One of the most 
friquent lamentations 

... is, (But I got As in 
high schooL'" 

questioned the 
perceptiven ess 
of the 14 percent 
of' her students 
who labeled 
themselves as 
overachievers, 
Wilson also 

an optimistic, 
if somewhat unrealistic view of life 
- can easily stem from loving but 
misguided parents who don't want 
to step on their bright-eyed child's 
ambitions. 

It is when these inflated, eager 
students come face-to-face with the 
competitive college atmosphere that 
the difference between illusion and 
reality is most shockingly illumi-
nated. As Wilson mentioned, one 
of the most frequent lamentations 
in response to poor college grades 
is, "But I got As in high school:' 
While true, Wilson argued, this is 

mulled over the 
17 percent on the other side of the 
spectrum - self-professed "under-
achievers" who admitted to spending 
little time on studying, reading and 
major assignments. Despite the inev-
itable claims that these students are 
an anomaly for not making the best 
of their expensive university educa-
tion, they are nothing if not honest. 

However, there is a glimmer of 
hope for the student population at 
large, according to further UCUES 
statistics. While approximately 7S 
percent of students rated their aca-
demic performance as above aver-

age in 2003, that 
number has dimin-
ished from about 9S percent in 1991. 
While this seems to be a relatively 
small change considering the I2-year 
gap, it does reflect a gradual progru-
sion in student self-awareness ~r 
time. As competition in the coJlese 
application and acceptance process 
has undeniably increased in those 12 
years, the harsh sting of reality seems 
to be sinking in for students. 

Wilson's own statistics even sup-
port this trend - the 69 percent of 
her students who are neither "over-
achievers" nor "underachievers" in 
their estimation do appear to have 
more of a grasp of where they fit 
in the bigger picture. However, this 
sampling might prove to be an anom-
aly in itself - if UC students were as 
honest as Wilson's undergraduates, 
the UCUES numbers might look just 
a little less bleak. 

If nothing else, the numbers are 
clear: until the extra 65 percent stop 
attempting to squeeze themselves 
into the top 10 percent, students will 
remain unaware of their abilities, 
bubbles will be burst and mommy 
and daddy will keep receiving the 
earth-shattering phone calls that 
their children aren't as perfect as 
they've always said. 

Questions Still Unanswered by UC Pay Report 
Report released on 
Nov, 8 is designed to 
pacify unions and the 
public, but critical 
problems remain. 

By Natasha Naraghi 
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR 

In November 2005, when the 
San Francisco Chronicle exposed 
the University of California's dirty 
laundry - several hidden payouts 
to numerous UC executives - the 
UC Board of Regents was qUick to 
put out fires. Rather than exacer-
bate a tense situation, the board 
simply approved the pay \1ackages 

after the fact - and behind closed ploy. It's a cheap attempt at convinc- out to an average bonus of $39,000 
doors. The public, along with law- ing angry unions and the public per employee - on top of their 
makers, shook their heads in fur- that UC senior managers deserve already superfluous base salaries. 
ther disapproval. So the regents bonuses above their already pro- This payout average is close to 
promised more transparency. It was digious base salaries. It's a piece of the median earning level for males, 
to be a glass house. propaganda not meant to bare their which hovers around $41,000, 

But a year later, while the vis- curious practices but to gloss them according to the U.S. Census 
ibility of the muddy UC practices over as innocent and deserved. Bureau. The UC report points 
has slightly improved, the sub- This is particularly clear when out that the $7. I 7 million figure 
stance of our concerns has still not analyzing the amount of above base increased from $7 million in the 
been addressed. With the release pay aUotted to UC senior manag- 2004-05 fiscal year. But the uni-
of the 2005-06 "above base pay" ers. UC leaders make a point to versity dismisses this disclosure as 
compensation report this month highlight that this figure - $7.17 trivial and is quick to note that, 
should have come some sense that million - constitutes less than 1 "By contrut, nearly $93 million 
the UC financial situation was no percent of the overall above base in 'above base pay' compenl8tion 
longer the catastrophe it had been pay budget for the university, which was paid to unlon-reprelented 
just a year ago. rose to $916 million this year. UC staff employees in 2005-06." It 

Instead, the report - I break- However, these funds went to seems like a convincing argument, 
down of funding sources for above only 185 members of the scnior 
base pay - is a public relations management group, which works [ IEI'OIO, ,. 5 ) 

The views elCpressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Itssociated Students. 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Conciliatory UC Pay Disclosures Fall Short 
Marshall Calendar Ad 

Crosses the Line 
Dear Editor, 

While I greatly appreCiate the 
helpful retraction announcement in 
today's edition, I believe that our cam-
pus has some distance to travel v.oith 
regard to addressing our common 
heritage and our complex diversity. 

The inadequate ·student and fac-
ulty racial composition" on this cam-
pus has disappointed a good many of 
us within the UC system, within the 
state .of California. and beyond. 

At UCSD, we name our colleges 
to honor the lasting contributions of 
individuals and the important causes 
behind these individuals. 

At Thurgood Marshal College, we 
are extremely proud to reflect on 
the profound achievements and social 
progressiveness of Justice Thurgood 
MarshaU. 

from a previous issue's photograph or 
political cartoon. 

From my viewpoint I know you 
guys can fly higher and I expect the 
Guardian to do one better than issue 
a retraction. 

Throughout the academic year, 
pick up and energize the positive, 
progressive ideas from Justices 
Thurgood Marshall, Earl Warren and 
Louis Brandeis. 

Further, give more advance cov-
erage to the weekly cultural events 
(African American studies inau-
gural reception) and public speak-
ing addresses (e.g. Juan Williams at 
Mandeville on Nov. 17). 

- A11an Havis 
Thurgood Marshall 

College Provost 

• REPORT, from page 4 
but considering the thousands of 
union employees at the univerSity, 
this comparison holds little water. 

This poor argument is onlya dis-
traction from another issue: Why is 
the amount of money being spent 
on executive pay increases still 
going up! The $170,000 increase is 
made more worrisome conSidering 
it follows reforms made by the uni-
versity to end increases in above 
base pay. These reforms included 
"new approval requirements for 
exceptions to policy, new policies 
for public disclosure of compen-
sation information, open-session 
committee votes of the regents on 
compensation items, new policy 
compliance mechanism and over-
sight positions at the Office of 
the President and new require-
ments governing employee sepa-
ration agreements, among other 

things," the university stated in the 
release. It argues thaI the reforms 
were never intended to end above 
base pay because it is necessary 
for employee recruitment, which ' 
raises serious concerns. 

While it would be wrong to 
expect the end of above base pay, 
the ineffectiveness of such exten-
sive reforms and the university's 
apathy over the increase indicates 
a broader passivity in handling 
the issue - an attitude apparent 
throughout the report by the con-
stant effort to mask the severity of 
the matter. 

Another example is the report 's 
effort to quell student fears that 
tuition is being misused. The 
report palliates the payouts by not-
ing that only 7 percent of all above 
base pay is drawn from student 
fees . This may seem like a nominal 
portion, but it's actually close to 

$62 million; $62 million that could 
better be spent on improving stu -
dent education. 

Examples like these might have 
brought some clarity to last year's 
events, but with them comes a 
greater public desi re to see the uni -
versity weed out these unwanted 
problems and make wiser financial 
decisions. 

We can only hope the fo rmal 
report, set to be released in mid-
December, provides a more serious 
attempt at identifying and resolv-
ing the UC compensation troubles. 
As for the Uni~e.rsity of California 
itself, there is still much to be 
desired regarding their handling of 
pay practices - and the university 
should realize its accountability not 
only to its students and employees, 
but also to lawmakers and to the 
greater public, hopefully, sooner 
rather than later. 

His memory is as vital as the 
countless American grandchil -
dren from 1954's Brown v. Board of 
Education. 

For Media, Fast News Is Usually Bad News 
The published caricature of 

Thurgood Marshall in last Monday's 
Guardian, seen in the context 
expressed above, left the TMC staff 
perplClled and even upset. 

Sometimes the venerable Sunday 
New York Times will put out a col-
umn questioning the poor judgment 

t----Wanted 
Grab an application onUne at www.ucsdpardI.n.0'l' 
or email oplnIonOucsdparrlI.n.o'l' for more Infonnatlon. 

• CHICKEN, from page 4 
that for people of all ages, use of the 
Internet provides a broader base of 
information than broadcast media. 

"Internet users do not burrow 
themselves into informational warrens 
where they bear nothing but argu-
ments that support their views," Pew 
senior analyst John Horrigan wrote 
in a press release. "Instead, Internet 
users are exposed to more political 
points of view and more arguments 
against the things they support:' 

But these great strengths of the 
Internet are also its greatest liabilities. 
Free access to the Internet means that 
a v.oide variety of information, ideas 
and opinions can be transmitted 
almost instantly. But a wide variety 
of inaccurate information, bad ideas 
and faulty opinions are transmitted 
just as fast. 

DrWeCun, Inc .. one of the futest arowin. privMeIy held companies In the u.s .. 

hal Immediate openInp for dynamic people -ad"lVOUnd floor opportwIltJes 

The ability to blog without the 
fear of financial or editorial reprisal 
emboldens savvy writers to tackle 
subjects that other outlets might be 
reluctant to touch, like the controver-
sial remarks Sen. Trent Lott (R-Miss.) 
made in support of Strom Thu.rmond 
- which disappeared from the main-
stream news fairly quickly, only to 
be kept alive by bloggcrs, eventuaUy 
costing Lott his Senate seal. But lim-
ited editorial overSight comes v.oith 
the bitter pill of inaccuracy. 

Newspapers - or any for-profit 
media outlet - have to deal with 
the wrath of their subscribers at the 
end of the day, which is an impor-
tant check in the editorial process. 
Independent bloggers, who typica1ly 
make their bacon based on the num-
ber of page hits their site gets, face no 
such restriction. 

And in the rush to break stories as 
fast as possible, accuracy and depth 
are often sacrificed, to our great loss. 

Consider the police Tasering of 
a student at UCLA, which sparked 
hundreds of angry responses on 
YouThbe's forums and independent 
blogs - in both directions - long 
before the video's context made it into 
the news. For many posters, what had 
happened in the minutes before the 
Tasering was irrelevant This is a dan-
gerous road down which to head. 

An Internet research finm report-
ed earlier this month that the average 
consumer will abandon a Web site if it 
takes more than four seconds to load. 
Hopeful1y our attention span for news 
reporting is a little bit longer. 

Even if users have the proper 
equipment, the Internet is only as 
sman as the people who use it. 

company, DriveCam reduces claims costs and saves live. by Improvlnl DRIVE FORWARD 
the way people drive. Our InnovadYe method of comblnln. sl",to sound, 

personal Injury cOlts from 30."" for our c:ommerdaI and pemrnent clients. 

dedication / direction / drive 

1111 11111111111111111111 1111111111/11111111111111111 J 11111111'" un 1111111111111 J 1 11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 1 t 1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIllllllllllllllllllllllllllli 1111111111 

Client Relations Coordinators (multiple openings) Code:D8-TG $IS-$171hour 
Worlcing closely with clients, successful candidates will build and maintain a customer database, re'View and assess video recordings, 
and report on the status of client programs. These high impact positions require 1-2 years' customer service experience in 
an office setting. strong computer skms (MS Word, Excel, Outlook), excellent time managemerrt and customer service abilities, 
and schedule flexibility. Some college preferred. Excellent opportunity for a detail-oriented self starter ....no wori<s well independently 
and as part of a team. If you have the skill-set we seek. we'll train you on our systems within this exciting new industry! 
Make a world of difference at DriveCam. We offer competitive salaries and the opportunity for career advancement 
For immediate consideration, email ).Ourresume(Wordformatpreferred)to:jobs@drNecam.com. 
Please include Job Code: DB-TG in the subject line. 
Local applicants only. No relocation assistance , 
available for this position. No agency referrals. 
To view our technology in action, check out our 
website at.www.~.com. EOElAAP 

w 

~ 
DRIVECAM. 

c • m • o m 



6 CAMPUS CALENDAR 

ARTS 

UCSO Music Dept. ~n Music - Indian 
Classical Music, performed by students 
of sitar master Kanik Seshadri, 8pm at 
Mandeville Auditorium. $8 GA. $6 students. 
UCSD Students free wilD. 

CAREER 

EffectIve Job SMrch Str8ttt1es -Still looking 
for the right job? Learn which search strate-
gies are most effective for UCSD students 
seeking employment in today's market. Our 
career advisor will share tips and techniques 
to make your search strong and efficient 12 
Noon-1 pm at' Career Servkes, 
Busina5 School: P...,.rtng • ApplylIIf - A 
business degree can be excellent preparation 
for a number of different career paths. Our 
professional school expen will explain how 
to prepare for an MBA program, including 
what admiSSions committees require - and 
desire - in applicants. Get acquainted with 
the GMAT and hear tips for writing your 
application essay. 3-4pm at Career Services, . 

RECREATION 

N.Y. Gillnts vs. ~ in Monday Night 
Football, 5:30pm at Round Table PIzza in the 
Price Center. 
IIDma Nights - Jennifer Layden slngs in a 
free concen at Espresso Roma in the Prke 
Center,8pm, 

TUESNOV21 
ARTS 

UCSO Musk Dept. VIolin Students - Janos 
Negyesy's students perform pieces by Bach, 

Kabalevsky, Boulanger, Respighl, Beethoven, 
and Mozart. Performers are Ella Shavlv, Sarah 
Y. Yung, Kimberly Empeno, .Jean Yell, Erin 
Melerhenry, Heather Zinkiewia, and lorant 
NaJbauer, plus 8ril1.illan pianist luciane 
Cardassi. Free; Spm at Mandeville Recital 
Hall. 
UCSD Theatre presents Lope de Vega's The 
LlbJrIntfI of DesIre. This new adaptation by 
Carldad Svich is a highly charged comedy 
of romantk intrigue that examines desire, 
friendshlp.and Identity, Including the sexu· 
ally ambivalent relationship between two 
women. Filled with deception and disguise, 
Labyrinth explores the greatest of human 
mysteries · love. This is the thesls production 
of Director Gerardo Jose Ruiz. Spm at the 
Potiker Theatre. Students $ 1 0, UCSD staff 
$12, GA $15. 

CAREER 

Interviewing to Win - At every level of your 
career, the job interview can make or break 
an employer's decision to hire you, Our career 
advisor will share interviewing techniques 
that will help you stan strong and be a win-
ner. Find out how to anticipate the questions 
you'll be asked and learn the best strategies 
for following up after your Interview. 11am-
12:30pm at Career Services. 

RECREATION 

The Price Center Aim Series presents John 
TudIM Must DIe, 6 and 9pm at the Price 
Center Theater. 

WED NOV 22 
ARTS 

Scott Paulson and the Teeny-TIny Pit Orchestra 
for Radio Drama perform A 5eBoMI RMIo 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

DnIIIa Show: "Tarot ....... 011 T...., 
flinn Roed" (for Theremln, 1ICtOrs, tarot 
deck & turkey caller). About the Teeny·TIny 
Pit Orchestra_. "The as~ keyboards of 
Paulson's Teeny-TIny Pit Orchestra provide 
a rich aural tapestry.' (San Diego Union-
Tribune). Presented by the UCSD Ans 
libraries as pan of their Shon Attention 
Span Chamber Music Series. 12:3Opm. on 
the lower level, West wing of Geisel library, 
Free admisslon, Call (858) 53+8074 for more 
information. 

LECTURE 

University Centers Last lecture Series pres-
ents SaItt ..... of the Computer Science 
Engineering Dept. What would professors 
really say if they were to teach one last 
lecture to their students? CSE's Scott Baden 
will tell you. 12 Noon at the Prke Center 
Gallery A. Free piz2a and soft drinks will be 
provided. 

THURS NOV 23-
FRI NOV 24 

TlIInIugIvtng 0., HoIicIIJ. campus closed. 

SAT NOV 25 
ARTS 

UCSD Theatre presents lope de Vega's 11M 
~ of DIIirI. This new adaptation by 
Caridad Svlch is a highly charged comedy 
of romantic intrigue that examines desire, 
friendship and Identity, Including the sexu-
ally ambivalent relationship between two 
women. Filled with deception and disguise, 
Labyrinth explores the greatest of human 
mysteries - love. This is the thesis production 
of Director Gerardo Jose Ruiz. 2 and 8pm at 

the Potlker Theatre. Students $10, UCSO staff 
$12,GA$15, 

WEEKLY 
CLU IS 

UCSO Lang..... (_lion T ...... 
- 8r1nglng together native speakers " lan-
guage leamers for informal conversation in 
over 25 foreign languages. Everyone's wel-
come to join, eYt!r1 beginners! MeetIngs at 
Cafe Ventanas, Weeks 2-10, For information 
on specific times & languages, visit http:// 
ihouse.ucsd.edu/calendar.asp 

HEALTH 

STUDENT HEALTH Is open to All registered 
students, regardless of health insurance sta-
tus. Appointments can be scheduled online 
at http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu or call 534-
8089. Hours: weekdays Sam-4:3Opm (Weds, 
9-4:3Opm). 
Check Your ChoIeIIMoI - Screening is per-
formed using the PCS CardioChek Analyzer, 
and requires a self-administered finger stkk. 
This test measures your Total Cholesterol. 
Hot. LDl and Triglycerldes. and requires fast-
ing for at least 12 hours before the screening, 
Immediate results! S 15.00 fee -sign up online 
at: http://studenthealth,ucsd,edu - under 
"Health Education" m.., et RIMA( - Evaluate your relative fit-
ness levels - Set goals & m.!asure your prog-
ress. Trained Student health Advocates test 
your. Body Fat Composition, Grip Strength, 
Step Test Recovery Rate, Blood Pressure, 
Resting Hean Rate.A Free service for all UCSD 
students. Walk in to RlMAC Wellness Room 
any Man or Wed 7-9pm, 
,.., EducatIon .".... are provided by 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20,2006 

IUIUIII,. .27 CALI ... 
TUES_~1" 

ahoo.co.D1' 

S~HeaIth ~ on NuCItdI1I\ tw, 
fitness, Stress, se:':!Ith" oet-\Oprcs 
at your res hall Of org meetingst C.II 
534-1824 for info oq" FREe,.,....,sl 
...... CInk.5~t$.tm ;~ 
exams, STD checks, _ - NO IpPt -nied-
ed - walk in Tuesday mornings It 9-.3OIm 
- Student Health Confen!nce Room '142. 
More info? 858-534-1824. 
AIIMaI--. STD tests, birth control, ECP. 
llId IMIIth IducatIon all at Student Health. 
Appts online at http://studenthealth.ucsd. 
edu or call 534-6089, Completely confiden-
tial. always. 

~ HIV Tilting @ Student Health 
walk in, no appt needed. Days/times list-
ed at http://studenthealth.ucsd,edu under 
"Health Education." $10,00 charge [ncludes 
pre- and post-counseling with a peer edu-
cator, Questions? Cali iI Health Educator @ 
534-1824. 
NIIIrItIon c-..IIng IS available for stu-
dents at Student HealttfService. One-on-ooe 
IPPl with a ~ered -DietItIan or 0Ietetic 
tt.m Includes a tllref-day computerized 
analysis of your diet, Make your appointment 
online 11 http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu or 
call (858) 534-6089. 
w.IghI MM\IgMnIId Oink led by a dieti-
tian and a physician. Meets every Thursday 
at 3pm in the Student Health Conf1!rence 
Room, 1 st floor (stam 1112) no appointment 
- a FREE service for students. 

What IS law school? 
A place where convention is reinforced? 

Or more than that? 
A place to learn a broad repertoire of skills. 

A rigorous curriculum in a supportive environment. 
An intersection of theory and practice. 

Explore the full potential of the law 
in a school devoted to the big picture. 

CALI FORN IA WESTERN 
SCHOOL OF LAW I San Diego 

What law school ought to be."" 
J 

7 
CONTACT 11fE EDITOR 

HIJIIIII,JCamp 
foc~ucsdgII4rdian.org 

By Megan Durham 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

I t's perversely easy to miss interesting thing, that are hap-pening right next door. Take 
our immediate neighbors to the 
north. for example. On the south 
side of Geneuee is the UCSO cam-
pus. although it's mostly trees at 
that point. But many students are 
unaware of what lies on the other 
side of the street - one of the 
leaders in nuclear reactor research, 
General Atomics. as well as a few 
nuclen reactors. 

The dl'commissioned TRIGA 
research reactors are the primary 
draw to the site for visitors. but 
General Atomics' DlIJ-D Research 
Program has eclipsed them in 
research potential. This site is not 
dedicated to the typical fission reac-
tors most are familiar with, but with 
a different animal entirely: fusion. 

For those who are not nuclear 

TuE4'GUARDIAN 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 20. 2006 

Nuclear 
Neighbors 

Just across Genesee lies a reactor project looking to 
make fusion power a reality. Forget those cheesy '50s 

PSAs - this is the new wave of nuclear energy_ 

physicists. the process is a bit mind; 
boggling_ But essentially. the goal 
of a fusion reactor is to create a 
working model of the sun. heating 
hydrogen isotopes to an extreme 
temperature (around 250 million 
degrees Celsius) until they combine 
together in a superheated cloud of 
ionized gas called plasma. This is 
the primary difference between the 
DIII-D Reactor and other typical 
reactors. Instead of dividing atoms, 
they are combining them. 

The novel feature of the pro-
cess is how much safer it is when 
compared to traditional reactors. 
The only byproducts of a fusion 
reaction are helium gas and neu-
trons. Although these neutrons can 
produce radioactivity. the differ-
ence in radioactivity compared to 
a fission reactor is large. There is 
no radioactive waste of the type 
that needs to be kept in swimming 
pools long after the reactor has been 
decommissioned. and there is little 

chance of a Chernobyl-type disas-
ter. According to General Atomics. 
"Any malfunction 'will produce a 
rapid elimination of the conditions 
necessary to sustain the fusion reac-
tion and, as a result. a complete and 
safe shutdown of the fusion process 
is assured.-

With an ever-increasing popula-
tion and usage of energy and fossil 
fuels unfortunately increasing at a 
steady rate, even the most optimis-
tic agree that new energy sources 
will become necessary in the near 
future. If one assumes a limited 
fossil fuel supply. that leaves two 
alternatives: renewables - hydro-
power. 5011£. wind. geothermal and 
biomass - and nuclear energy. If 
fusion reactors could be created on a 
global scale. they would offer a fairly 
clean. renewable energy source that 
is desperately needed. 

But it's far from easy. Fusion 
research is pushing the boundaries 
of modern technology, The major 

challenge is containing and con-
trolling superheated plasma long 
enough for the ions to fuse. There 
is literally no material on earth that 
can withstand contact with heat-
ed plasma. which means that the 
plasma has to be kept in place by 
alternate methods - namely mag-
netic and electric fields. To sim-
ply reach this point. the DIIl-O 
reactor requires the development 
of superconducting magnet tech-
nology. plasma heating techniques 
(microwaves and neutral beams). 
large-scale high-vacuum technology 
and several advanced materials. The 
DlII-D is simply a research reac-
tor, only running for approximately 
five -second intervals. called shots. 
and only about a quarter of the size 
expected to be necessary for full-
scale fusion reactors. 

General Atomics is not alone in 
its search for a reliable fusion reac-
tor, Since declassification of fusion 
research. this search has been a 

GO FIGURE 

• Approximate temperature at which 
hydrogen nuclei fuse during a 

nuclear fusion reaction. 

"RASH KESHMIRIANICUARorAN 

global one. involving more than 40 
major countries. There are several 
DIIl-O-sized or larger reactors in 
other parts of the world - with the 
goal of a full -scale reactor by 2013. 
and the hope that self-sustained 
nuclear fusion could be achieved 
by 2017. The name for this project 
is the International Thermonuclear 
Experimental Reactor. or ITER. and 
is on track to be buill in France. 
a world leader in nuclear power 
technology. 

Because of this multination -
al project. what was perhaps the 
most interesting part of the General 
Atomics facility was not the reactor 
itself. but rather its environment. 
DIIl-O's l30 -plus crew is not limit-
ed to just nuclear physicists. but also 
includes researchers from many dis-
ciplines. including mechanical engi-
nee ring. computer science , high -
voltage and low-voltage specialties 

[ NUCLfAR, page 9 ] 



- \ 

8 FOCUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2006 

Journalist to Black America': 'Spit Out Y~ur Sleeping Pill' 
By Alyssa Bm:4:nak 

CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

I n Emmy Award-winning jour-nalist Juan Williams' recent visit to UCSD, he presented some 
alarming statistics: "We have 25 
percent of America's white children 
born out of wedlock. We have 50 
percent of America's [Latino] chil-
dren born out of wedlock. And 70 
percent of America's black children 
born out of wedlock." Why is this 
happening in America? Williams 
attributed the startling numbers 
to what he said was unacceptable 
behavior by black American leaders 
in pop culture. 

"You've got Flava Flav acting 
like a total ass, and women chasing 
after him dressed as hoes and strip-
pers," Williams said in his speech 
last Friday, Nov. 17. "This is what 
is held up as an image to America's 
young people, especially [Latinos I 
and blacks."' 

The absence of constructive 
and positive black role models is 
one of the cardinal issues Williams 
addresses in his most recent novel, 
"Enough: The Phony Leaders, 
Dead-End Movements, and Culture 
of Failure That Are Undermining 
Black America - and What We Can 
Do About It. " 

In his recent address to students, 
Williams outlined many of the same 
points he explained in his book, 
mainly the fact that impoverished 
blacks must be aware of their per-
sonal choices. 

"This is what we call account-
ability: people taking responsibility 
of their own lives, not waiting for 
the next Dr. King," he said. Students 
currently taking Thurgood Marshall 
College's course, "Dimensions of 
Culture: Diversity" were required 
to attend Williams' speech. The 
core components of his ideology, 
however, are somewhat in contrast 

with those of the Marshall diversity 
course. 

Nancy Gilson, a professor for the 
DOC program in Marshall, criti-
cized William's argument. 

"I think his biggest weakness 
is his solution to pull yourself up 
by your bootstraps - people have 
heard that before," Gilson said. 
"Critique is easy; we want to know 
how it's going to happen. It's an 
oversimplified view of a problem 

" . is what we call 
accountability: people 
taking responsibility 

for their own lives, not 
waiting for the next 

Dr. King." ERIK JEPSEN/CUAIlDIAN 
.uc-: Juan WiDiams speaks 10 an audience in Mandellille AudiIoriu"; regarding hillliews on lite Ratus of blade culture in Ameriam 1ICIcidJI. 

_ Juan Williams, Below: Williams signs a copy of his book "Enough,. in which,. stresJes the importance of per!OII(Il aa:uuntabilityfor impourris/IId bb:b. 
Journalist and Author 

that is not simple. Can the Mrlean 
American society do it all by them-
selves? No, they can't. Should we all 
work toward it? Yes, we should." 

Such views were echoed by 
many in the audience. For instance, 
Thurgood Marshall College soph-
omore Espoir Kyubwa, a student 
enrolled in UCSD's new Mrican 
American studies minor, said he 
believed there must be a balance to 
Williams' views. 

"[Williams] presents a way for 
blacks to come out of poverty and 
that's one side, but it is not com-
plete," Kyubwa said. "You can't nor-
malize a sys!em without bridging 
a gap. A way to do that is by going 
into impoverished areas and ghettos 
and showing them how to rise up, 
rather than telling them." 

Challengers of Williams' ideas 
were typically those who believe 
that the impact of social institutions 
is substantial when determining the 
success of minorities. The DOC 
curriculum discusses the effects of 
these social institutions in history, 
one of the most prominent being 
government law. 

"[Williams'] focus is all on the 
human characteristics 9f inequality 
and the way they get perpetuated," 
Gilson said. "In general the DOC 
curriculum addresses these things 
in a structural approach." 

Williams promoted the evolution 
of his ideas into action by ending his 
speech with an order. 

"Realize that you are in a posi-
tion to make a difference in this 
generation, in this new century, and 
to spit out the sleeping pill given to 
you by popular culture,· he said. 

Meet this weeKs featured vendors & farmers: 

LA CR~PERIE 
La Cr~perie was founded in 1999 
by Chef Louda in North Park. He 
opened his restaurant in 2004 at 
3773 30·h Street, Suite C, also in 
North Park. Every Tuesday 
Sebastian represents La Cr~perie 
with fun and flair . Stop by and 
enjoy the French ambience. 

Free Strategy Sessions 
MeAT* Nov 16, 6:30-8:30pm La Jolla 

LSAT 

An MeAT e)(pert will answer all your questions 
about the computef'based MeAT. 

Nov 18, 9am-1pm La Jolla 
Take a free practice test to see how you'll score. 

Nov 21, 6:30-8pm La Jolla 
LEMONGRASS ASIAN GRILL 

An LSAT expert will review sample LSAT problems 
to help you ace the exam. 

Pat Seng says, ·Our chicken is fresh off 1I"I'I"~I111-
the grill and we use the finest 
ingredients, lots of herbs and spices 
and no MSG: 

No wonder 50 many OfU5 are drawn 
by the delicious smell offered by 

GMAT Dec 3, 4-5:30pm La Jolla 

GRE* 

A GMAT expert will reView sample strategies to 
help ~ do ~tter on test dey. 

Dec 3, 2-3:30pm La Jolla 
A GRE expert will review sample questions from the 
NEW GRE. coming in Fall 2007. 

Spaces are limited. Please call to RSVP 
800-2Revi.w I PrincetonReview.com 
·-r. __ .... ..-....."' ...................... __ noc ___ _ 

The~_.TlIe""'- ....... lInat ...... _...-~. 

MONDAY, NOVE"1BER 20, 2006 

. DIII-D Looks 
to Extend 

Operations 
~ NUCLEAR, from page 7 
and electronics. 

"That's the nice thing about 
working at this facility; essential-
ly, you have everything," Assistant 
Director Peter Petersen said, who 
added that he's never encountered 
a wider variety of people in his 30 
years of working in the field. "We 
have people from Europe come here 
to do ellperiments, [andl we have 
people from UCSD [as well] ." 

Such a wide array of employees 
makes the workplace interesting. 
Personal touches are all around the 
facility, from "Wizard of Oz" posters 
and a machine affectionately named 
Toto. to a Froot Loops bOll labeled, 
"IN CASE OF HERESY BREAK 
CARDBOARD." 

Unfortunately, the experiments 
only run for about 12 weeks per 
year, with the first usually begin-
ning around February. The pre-
ceding months are used to clean 
the machine and calibrate over 60 
diagnostics that collect data dur-
ing a shot. During a typical shot, 
these diagnostics collect over three 
gigabytes of data, which is later ana-
lyzed by the scientists organizing 
the experiment. 

General Atomics, which receives 
most of its funding from the fed-
eral government, hopes to obtain 
enough money to run for 27 weeks 
per year, but expects an uphill bat-
tJe. Clean, efficient nuclear energy 
reactors may be some time away 
from being reality, but the prospect 
is enticing enough to ensure that 
federally-funded corporations will 

THE UCSD GUARD tAN 

SA1UIDAYS·All Ca..t.EGE GAMES ·$10 BUCKETS OF BUD l..lGHT 
SUNDA VS • NFL SUN DA Y TICKET· $8 PITCHERS 
MONDAY NIGHT· NFL HEADQUARTERS' $2 BUD/BUD UGHTS 

TWOP\LL.~ 
PI Aa5I" ....... CC._ 
PRlVA,. PARTY ROOM 

fIOOLTAaoa 
.... ,..., .. ,,1'10 

Learn about a (lew way 

rcolle 

Student Securities 
Securing JOur futur.. 

www.studentsecurities.com 

FOCUS 9 

Your 
Source for 

Transportation 
Information 

Cityshuttle Switch 
UCSO's most popular shuttle route. Cityshuttle. 
currently transports 34,000+ students. faculty and staff 
members weekly. On November 15.2006. Cityshuttle 
split into three new, daytime routes - UTC Express. 
Nobel Shuttle and Arriba Shuttle. In addition to reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions and traffic congestion. these 
area-specific routes: 

• Reduce travel time 
• Increase passenger capacity 
• Have enhanced. color-coded bus signage to 

improve visibility and route identification 
• Complement University City Loop 48/49 service 

The three new routes pick up and drop off at 
Mandeville Auditorium while providing targeted 
services to portions of the old Cityshuttle route. 

The UTC Express (orange route) serves University 
Towne Center every 30 minutes: 

The Nobel Shuttle (blue route) serves these stops 
every 10 minutes: 

• Nobel/Lebon 
• Nobel/La jolla Village Square 

The Arriba Shuttle (purple route) serves these stops 
every 10 minutes: 

• Regents/Nobel 
• Regents/Arriba 
• PalmillalLebon 

Remember that with a Free Bus Zone sticker on your 
valid UCSO 10. you can also ride the University City 
Loop 48149 for free as well as 5 other MTS bus routes 
serving UCSO. 

Student Shuttle Drivers Needed 
If you love to drive and want to earn $12.50/hour for 
doing it, we've got the job for you.T~nsportation & 
Parking Services trains. tests and Class B certifies student 
shuttle drivers. Shuttle Services seeks students who: 

• Are safe drivers with good driving records 
• Can pass a pre-employment drug test 
• Want a job that flexes with 'their class schedules 

Be part of the traffic and pollution solution. For more 
information. view JOP posting #686047 or e-mail 
shuttlesafety@ucsd.edu. 

Campus Parldna Offlce 
Level 2 of the Gllmlln Parting Structure on Russell Lane 

7 a.m. - 5:30 p,m . ..akdays 
Pennft Infonnatlon: (851) 534-4223 

Rldesharelnformatlon: (858) 534- RIDE (7433) 
perklng.ucad.edu 

Auxiliary & Plant Services Mar\(eting and Web Communications 

Transportation" Parking Services 



. \ 

10 CLASSIFIEDS 

EVENTS 
The Gu.rdlan won't rip down your flyenl 
Do you have something to tell UCSD? 
You don't need to plaster flyers all over 
the Price Center and watch them get torn 
down or covered over In minutes. Dig 
deep and cough up the 5 bucks and let the 
Guardian c1assifieds do all the work. That's 
20,000 of your damn flyers in one week! 
That's right baby, both in the paper and 
on line at ucsdguardlan.org. Check ucsd-
guardian.org for easy instructions or just 
call us @ 858534-3466. Gitter done. (6/7) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THEilGuARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify. edit. delete offensive words and pharses. 
andlor refuse any and an advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher 1'1111 also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
P ........ nd all corrupondence r_rdlng a. .. Ifl .... to: 
UC50 Guardian, Attn: Cla •• IfI..t., 9500 Gil ...... Drive .al16,La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Center A, Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
AD Riltes 

Students: S5 ,... 20 ... 
Faculty & Staff: SJ_50 per 20 ... 

All others: S12 ,... 20 ... 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20_00 per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

Publication Date DIsplay Ads and Une Ads 
MancYy 4,... Moll (1 wIl) 
Thursday 4,... lhun (1 wIl) 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2006 

858S x5S9O. (11/30) 

SERVICES 
Criminal Attorney On Wheels - Experienced 
DUI and misdemeanor attorney accommo-
dates your busy schedule by personally 
meeting with you at the college, your work, 
etc. Free consultation. Flat, not hourly, fee. 
Leslie Fleming, Esq. 619-889-1509. (11/27) 

Dun MIP? ORUG CHARGE? CALL A 
FORMER PROSECUTOR TO DEFEND YOU! 
AFFORDABLE RATES AND STUDENT 
DISCOUNTS. lAZO LAW CENTER. (619) 595-
3157 (11 /30) LIBRARY WALK RAFFLE EVENT: Watch for 

the Guardian's twin T's Tessa & TIffany as 
they enroll you in the possibility of win-
ning a Taylor Big Blby Acousti< Gutt.r, 
courtesy of La Jolla Music! All you have to 
do is answer questions about the Guardian 
and you're In the drawing. That's on Library 
Walk today during the Noon hour, and visit 
www.ucsdguardian.org/giveaway to find 
out more. If you like BAWLS the energy 
drink, stop by for a bottle. (11/16) 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classified! online at www.ucsdguardian.org Pregnant or know someone who is? You 
don't have to be alone. We want to help. 
Call our 24 hour confidential hotline at 1-
800-NO-ABORT or visit our website www. 
lifecall.org. (11/30) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
GUITAR LESSONS. Highly qualified, friend-
ly, patient teacher offering lessons near 
UCSD. Mention this ad for 5 lessons for 
$100. Call (8581366-3485. (11/20) 

The last chance to advertise to UCSD 
before the Christmas shopping season 
is the Guardian's Holiday Issue, out on 
Thursday, Nov. 30th. The ad deadline is this 
Wednesday at 2pm. Call 858-534-3467. 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$ 850-$1050 hourly 
cauJacki 

(858)565-2144 
Mystery Shoppers. Earn up to $150/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover shop-
pers needed to judge retail and dining 
establishments. Call 800-722-4791. (11/30) 

Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive brand 
new cars with ads placed on them. 1'11'11'1. 
DriveAdCars.com (11/30) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attorney 
needs part time assistance (Wednesdays, 
Fridays) to assist at office. Hours are 8: 15 
am to 7:00 pm (plus additional overtime). 

Duties include typing filing, word process-
Ing, occasional bookkeeping, assistance 
at court, good grammar and punctuation 
skills, knowledge of Microsoft Office, good 
handwriting and the ability to stand for 
long periods of t ime. Requires the ability 
to drive a van with an automatic trans-
mission. Must have good driving record. 
Candidates must pass a grammar, spell-
Ing, punctuation and typing test plus a 
background check. Please send resume to: 
Human Resources, DLA Piper US LLP, 401 
B. Street, Suite #1700, San Diego, CA 92101 
or email tomaureen.walker@dlapiper.com 
(11/30) 

TUTORS 
needed in most subjects. 

Call the Tutoring Network 
S5SoNET·WORK [858-63B-9675J 

Financial planner needs part time help 
for client services. Phone skills helpful. 
Flexible hours. UTC area . $11/hr. 858-558-
7000 x391 (11/30). 

PILATES MAT CLASSES 
IN PB • First class FREE' 
Call Claire at 760-402-8225 
for more information or go to 
www.rootsofmovement.org 

Research Analyst required in San Diego. 
Market Res. & analysis for commercial 
& res. properties. Complex/high qual. 
reports. Emph. on hotels. Masters in Fin., 
Mrktg or rei. & 1 yr. expo Mail resumes to 
N. Stanger, Stanger Real Estate. 12674-35 
Carmel Country Road, SD, 92130. No calls 
pse. (II/3D) 

Graduate Molecular Biology/Immunology 
student needed to read and sort electron-
ic bibliographic and patent records. Will 
meet with Project Leader at International 
Search Services Company to understand 
each set of criteria. Estimated 2-4 hours 
per day. Call Steve Mitchell 858-592-9084. 

Students 
FlvCheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From San Diego to: 

Fr.sno $151 Paris $395 

Denver $202 Naples $480 

$257 Hong Kong 

le:- StudentUniverse.com 

(11 /20) 

Driver and counter help, Flexible schedule, 
weekly pay, free shift meals, great pizza, 
Regents Pizzeria 858-550-0406. (11/30) 

FOR RENT 
Don't rent! Buy a house or condo near 
UCSD in partnership, sell when graduated! 
Call GEza at 858-361-3082 if interested. 
(11/30) 

FOR SALE 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

Apple MacBook Blowout 
Moc800kPro 15.4"(MA600LUA) 
2.0 Ghz Intel Core Duo 
Was $1799 NOW: $1299 

MocBook 13.3· (MA254LLlA) 
1.83Ghz Intel Core Duo 
Was $1049 NOW: $899 
Mac800k 13.3' (MA25SLLlA) 
2.0 Ghz Intel Core Duo 
Was $1199 NOW: $999 

• 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 
,ISS) 534-4291 

hrrp:llboohrore.uod.edulcompurersl 

UGG & Aussie Dogs sheepskin boots, shoes 
& slippers $10 off any item excluding In-
line UGGs. Bootworld.com for locations. 
(1 1/30) 

ACROSS 
1 Untidy diner 
5 Wound marks 
10 Melvi lle's whaler 
14 Celeb's ride 
15 Understood but not stated 
1 & Vegas rival 
17 Beyond 
18 liqueur flavori ng 
19 Stoic philosopher of Rome 
20 Catcher Tony 
21 City in the Black Forest 
23 list of cha rges 
25 Give the ax to 
2& City Ilear Rawalpindi 
29 Amn of the 8arents 
34 Alabama city 
35 Goes yachting 
3& The man in question 
37 Razor choice 
38 Deadly poisons 
39 Knighrs assistant 
40 _ Moines 
41 Strong winds 
42 Refuge 
43 Comics' gimmicks 
45 Carnivorous felines 
4& Rockies grazer 
47 Mexican money 
46 Washington city 
53 Family mall 
57 Cookie guy 
56 Quarters 
59 UAE word 
&0 Boxer Benvenuti 
&1 Inasmuch as 
&2 Present 
&3 Young adult 
64 Detests 
65 Poetic tributes 

DOWN 
1 Pig vittles 
2 Draw breath 
3 Warning sign 
4 One of the Society Islands 
5 Well-grounded 
& Kiel or Suez 
7 Etcher's medium 
8 Get up 
9 Sign makers' aids 
10 Esoteric 
11 Leader 
12 Add to the pot 
13 Benefit 
22 Dugoutstack 
24 Vex 

WANTED 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED! 

Healthy females ages 1 8-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

CotlPEISATIOIII $8,000 
Call Reproducti.e Solutions 

now 111·132·1494 
UCSD Research study needs healthy vol-
unteers ages 12-30 for participation in 
3-year longitudinal study. Participation 
involves 6 visits, approximately 7 hours 
each. Participants receive SI0.00/hr. Each 
visit includes brief Interview, computer 
and problem solving tasks, eyeblink reflex, 
brainwave tests. (619) 725-3518. (11/30) 

Volunteers paid $4S for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, or 
Korean descent, age 2, -26, call 858-552-

PERSONALS 
GUARDIAN MOVIE TRIVIA. Well, Heather 
knew all about that quote from Hitchhiker's 
Guide to the Galaxy. Here's her challenge 
for you Be the first to email mfoulks@ucsd. 
edu and you'll be famous. Go Heather: 
"What famous composer wrote the music 
for the movies: The Terminal. Catch Me 
if You Can, and Saving Private Ryan?' A 
bonus question could be what famous 
actor also starred in all three of those films. 
(11/20) 

Get ready for December'S Mystery School 
session by Satori 5ciences. Dec 12 & 13 
right here at UCSD! See the ad in the 11/30 
issue or just visit www.westernmysticism. 
com. (11/30) 

Tomorrow's San Diego appearance by 
Kevin Federline, originally scheduled for 
the House of Blues, has been moved to 
the parking lot of the AM/PM on Mission 
Gorge Rd. (1 1120) 

15 MIN. FREE FOR 
1 ST TIME CUSTOMERS 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
SPECIALI ZI NG IN PROBLEM CASES 

AND SENSITIVE SKIN 

SUa.n. AlexA.iuier BY APPOINTMENT ONLY CALL 858-368-3785 

CROSSWORD 

26 Encumbrances 
27 Mexican empire of old 
28 Severe 
29 Diminishes 
30 Goes in a hurry 
31 Cut stubble 
32 "The _ Sanction' 
33 Grace dosings 
35 jonas d bacteriology 
38 Aftermath 
39 American Samoa capilal 
41 River to the Colorado 
42 Short greeti ngs 
44 Scorpion's Inger 

45 Pokes fun at 
47 Come In second 
48 Des!iMion 
49 Friend in France 
50 "The _ Ranger" 
51 Operatic tune 
52 Fast time 
54 like the Kalahari 
S5 Lay asphalt 
56 Fortas and lincoln 

Find crossword &. soluttons at 
www.u£sdguardian.ort/£rossword J 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2006 

juster's Career High Bears Load 
in Tritons' Win Over Crusaders 
• BASKETIALl., from page 12 
the same two -zone defenses as 
last year, the 2-2 and the 2-3, and 
we're teaching them to the new 
players.w 

The game marked the first time 
the team could play together as a 
well-oiled unit this season. "We 
worked well together, we clicked 
. .. " Osier said. · We're getting 
used to playing with each other. 
It's exciting to see how everything 
plays out." 

The team also played its fust 
regular-season game against 
Northwest Nazarene University on 
Nov. 18, outlasting the Crusaders 
by a score of 86-82. Backed by a 
career-high 37 points in 40 min-
utes from /lIIter, UCSD overcame 
a nine-point halftime deficit in 
Nampa, Idaho. 

Sophomore center Alexis Gaskin 

H 

chipped in with seven rebounds 
and 11 points on five of six shoot-
ing from field -goal range, while 
Hansen registered 11 rebounds and 
24 points, which included a timely 
three-point play to take the lead 
four minutes into the second half. 

The Tritons' second-half efforts 
'may have been the key to the game, 
as they shot 65.4 percent from the 
field compared to 44.4 percent in 
the fust half._ UCSD also made its 
free throws count, shooting ' 84.6 
percent to ICCUI'e the win. 

The Tritons will play OUco Slate 
at UCSD 00 Dec. 1 fur the team's first 
conference game of the season_ 

UCSD and Chico State are 
ranked first and second, respec-
tively, in the California Collegiate 
Athletic. Association. and the 
game should be a tough one for 
both teams. 

Need Extra Cash/or the Holidays? 

• Servers 
• Bartenders 
• Meeters & Greeters 
• Dishers 

It's possible to cover everyolle 011 your 
list ,,,,/I more workillg at HEPCat! 

HEPCat has tons of temporary 
part-time positions for: 
• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers anll 
much more!! 

We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality Industry! 
DtIily t; Weekly PtJy! Work T0d4y, Get PaUl Tomorrow! Fluible 
Work SdreIIula! Group interviewsl Open Hpuse take place on: 

Mondays thru Thursdays at 10:30 am. 1:30 pm & 4:30 pm SHARP! 
Se Habla Eapanoll 

Apply Today, Start Tomorrow! 814 Morena Boulevard. 
Suite 210-San Diego. call (888)~72-1829!! www.H£PClltJobs 

Get )bur MeAT Scores UP! Go to: 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Harlan Bests 
Field in 50 
Freestyle 

• SWIM, from Page 12 
women's strongest as they had NCAA 
qualifiers in every event of the day. 

In the 1,650 freestyle, senior 
Andrea Lippin qualified with a time of 
17:27.43. In the 200 backstroke, Bell's 
time of2:05_39 and Panis' 2:05.89 were 
enOugh to qualify for nationals. 

Additionally, Harlan made the cut 
in the l00~swimminga52.01 , 
while Bohn qualified with a time of 
2:20.58 in the 200 Inaststroke. 

Finally. Sims made it in the 200 
butterfly in 2:07.40, and the team of 
Bell, Pulis, Simonds and Harlan placed 
fourth in the 400 free relay in 3:32.23. 

"I was especially impressed with 
Lauren O'Neill and Andrea Panis, who 
swam their first ever NCAA-qualifying 
tirnes," StarIcie said. 

The men didn't have as much luck 
on day three, resulting in only one 
NCAA qualifier with Fuller's 45.36 fin -
ish in the 100 freestyle. 

The UCSD diving team is back 
in action Dec. 1 to Dec. 2 for the 
Redlands Diving Invitational. UCLA 
will host the next women's-only swim 
meet on Jan. 6. 

15·0 
OFF 
FLAME 
BROILER 
e 

SPORTS 11 

The ScrIpps Instltutlon of Oceanography Ub,ary 
I. the best plaoe for your esCllpe. We arrer you a quIet relaxing 
p/aoe to study, CIIlmln. ocean vIews, and w/re/eas Intemet 
aooess extend/~ to • beautiful redwood deck and col'fee shop 
outside. Come on by, take the CIImpus 810 shuttle, or parle 
across the street In lot POJ.6 with your UCSD student permit. 
~ For 8/0 LIbrary hours and dIrections: ~ 
~ .'oI'brary.ucscl.edu \X'SD 

WITH THIS AD: 

15% off any kayak 
(over $499) 

25% off anyone accessory 
25% off tours and rentals 

Offer good for UCSD faculty 
and students only with valid ID 

819 San Fernando Place 
San Diego, CA 92109 

858-488-5599 
www .allenskayaks .com 

KAYAK TOURS AND RENTALS 
BIKE TOURS AND RENTALS 

SURFING LESSONS 

25% offfor 
UCSD students 

and faculty 
with this ad 

(you MUST bring your UCSD 10) 
2246 Avenida de la Playa 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
858-551-9510 

www.hikebikekayak .c om 

E,plres 12/]1106 1 

Vons St..,plllg Center 7514 Glrard-A 
La Jolla, CA 92037· Hrs: M-F 9-6, Sat 9-3 
Ph: 158-456-19]5 FI: 15H56-OI10 

$S OFF I 
UPS / FedEx I 

Woolr 
I 

Buy 1 I 
, Get 1 FREE, 
IC",) tx ... Ie"" .... 

c1606 Post.1 Annex t , Inc. I L-________________ ~ .J:":=tri~on~,~Iy ..... 



12 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Danai Leininger 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

THE.,GuARDIAN 

SPORTS 
HOT CORNER 

Nestor Dordoni 
Men's Water Polo 

The junior driver's game-winning goal over 
Loyola Marymount University at the Western 

Water Polo Association Championship Match on 
Nov. 19 propeUed UCSD to the NCAA Final Four . 

.............................................. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2006 

. Swimmers 
Make Cut at 
Speedo Cup 

By Matt Croskey 
STAFF WRITER 

As 20 women's teams and 13 men's 
teams gathered for the Speedo Cup 
Tournament at Long Beach State 
University, the Tritons reminded the 
swim community of the potential 
threat they could bring to the NCAA 
Championships with their talented 
display. 

The women finished second overall 
and the men sixth, with both teams 
combining for 17 NCAA-qualifying 
swimmers, 12 on the women's side and 
five on the men's. 

"For each event there is a differ-
ent time standard and if you swim 
an 'i'i. cut, you make the national cut,» 
senior captain Emily Stark,ie said. "If 
you make one 'i'i. cut, all your 'B' cuts 
from the rest of the year automatically 
qualify you for the national champion-
ship.» 

Many of the teams included in th~ 
three-day event are competing at the 
Division I level. 

"It was one of the best finishes [of) 
the past few years for the women:' 
Starkie said. "The men had stiff com-
petition ... but we did really well overall 
being a Division II schooe 

Seven of the women's 12 NCAA-
qualifying swimmers made it happen 
on day one. 

In the first event of the meet, the 
relay team of sophomore Aubrey 
Pa.nis, senior Liz Whiteley, sophomore 
Katie Baier and senior Emily Harlan 
finished first in the 200-meter freestyle 
with a national qualifying time of one 
minute, 36.30 seconds. Harlan's anchor 
split of 23.01 seconds was the fastest 
in the field. . 

"Starting out with a win was huge, 
especially becau e the relay team did it 
from lane eight, which stunned a lot of 
people,» Starkie said. 

Later in the evening, senior Susan 
Ball took the stage finishing third with 
a qualifying time of 2:06.51 in the 200 
individual medley. 

Harlan followed Bell with a first-
place finish in the 50 freestyle, a sprint-
er specialty, with a NCAA-qualifying 
cut time of 23.75. 

In the fmal event of the first night, 
Bell, sophomore Kendall BOM, sopho-
more Jennifer Sims and Harlan com-
pleted the 400 medley relay in 3:52.27 
- good enough to make the qualifying 
cut. Bell's 57.73 lead-off leg also quali-
fied her for the 100 backstroke. 

Senior Tim Fuller finished the 50 
freestyle with not only a qualifying 
time, but also a lifetime best of 20.77. 

He was also a part of the 400 med-
ley relay team with sophomore Steven 
Hardy, junior Evan Hsiao and senior 
Jesse Marin that swam to a NCAA-
qualifying time of3:23.83. 

On day two, the women's 200 med-
ley relay composed ofBell, BOM, junior 
Heather Szmidt and Harlan swam to a 
NCAA-qualifying 1:46.70. 

Senior Lauren O'Neill, at 4:33.09, 
and Bell, at 4:32.17, added two more 
NCAA-qualifying times for the 
women in the 400 individual medley. 
Sophomore Sharmon Simonds was the 
finaJ qualifying wimmer on day two 
for the women's team in the 800 free-
style relay, finishing fourth with a time 
of7:43.15. 

For the men, sophomore Devin 
Ancona, Hsiao, Marin and Fuller got 
things started off with an NCAA-qual-
ifying 1 :33.14 in the 200 medley relay. 

Fuller and Hsiao added the other 
two qualifying cut time for the men 
- Fuller's in the 200 freestyle with a 
time of 1:40.85 and Hsiao's in the 100 
breaststroke at 57.06. 

The final day proved to be the 

[SWIM, page II 1 

Worthy Foes Nix Tritons"Hopes 
By Eric Grimwade 

STAFF WRITER 

The Tritons edged their way 
through the mob in a cutthroat race 
on Nov. 18, but the women's cross 
country NCAA Division II National 
Championship ended before they 
could catch their breath, taking 16th 
place out of 22 teams. 

This was the Tritons' fifth con-
secutive year in the national champi-
onships. Last year, UCSD put together 
its most impressive season in Division 
II ' with seventh-place finish in the 
championships. 

This year, UCSD, which finished 
third in the West regional behind 
Cal State Los Angeles and Seattle 
Pacific University, was ranked 10th 
nationally entering Saturday's com-
petition. 

Adams State College of Alamosa, 
Colo. set the tempo for the champi-
onships, taking the top prize for the 
fourth straight year. The Grizzlies' 
score of 94 was the highest team score 
in the 25-year history of the champi-
onships. 

In contrast, the Tritons finished 
with 369 points, three behind Florida 
Southern University and just two 
points ahead of Stonehill College of 
Massachusetts. 

The race was one of the clos-
est championships in recent memory, 
with the Grizzlies edging Colorado's 
Western State College by a seven-
point margin, 94-101. 

The Cross Country Coaches 
Association national rankings did not 
favor Adams State to repeat as cham-
pions after losing earlier this month 
to Western State College. However, 
there was little doubt that Adams 
State would remain a formidable 
competitor. 

"They're always in the hunt,» 
Triton head coach Ted Van Arsdale 

Will PARSON/GUIIRDIIIN 
The Ua>D women's cross COURtry teamfinished 16th out of 22 teams at the NOlA Division II National Championship on Nov. 18, a significant 
drop from the Tritons' seventh-plaa! finish last season. Junior captain Diane Dunn led the Tritons,finishing 38th out of 187 runners. 
said "You can never count them out:' 

Adams State had three runners in 
the top 20, narrowly outrunning rival 
Western State College for its 12th 
overall NCAA Division II national 
title. 

Junior tearn captain Diane Dunn 
was the first Triton runner to finish, 
crossing the line with a time of 21 
minutes, 34.7 seconds for 38th overall 
- an improvement from finishing 
94th in the national championships 
last season. 

Throughout the season, Dunn has 
been finishing first for the Tritons and 
improving her times in most of the 
team's meets. 

"We're really proud how everyone 
raced today,» Dunn said. "That was a 
good fmish for us.» 

Senior Nina Miller finished 59th 
with a time of22:00.4O to end her col-
legiate cross country career. 

Junior Amanda Burkhardt and 
sophomores Ashleigh Montgomery 
and Catherine Strouse roU1lded out 
the top five finishers for the Tritons 
with 62nd- 84th- and 126th- place 
overall finishes, respectively. 

The Tritons' 16th-place finish ties 
the 2002 squad for UCSD's second-
best performance in the Division II 
championships. 

According to Van Arsdale, the rest 

of the field simply outran the Tritons. 
"It was a disappointing 16th,» Van 

Arsdale said. "The gals ran really 
well. The other teams just ran better 
todaY. 

West Region foes Seattle Pacific 
University and Chico State finished 
in the top 10,' while Cal State Los 
Angeles placed third overall. 

Next season's team will only lose 
Miller, and it will return more runers 
from the championships than ever 
before. 

According to Dunn, this year's 
campaign was a work in progress. 

"Having six players return will be 
really great for next season,» she said 

Women's Basketball Off to Scalding 2-0 Start 

SANH LUONG/GUIIRDIIIN 
The Lady Tritons showed fine form in their pruoson match against Biola University, 
overwhelming the Eagles in a 69-46 blowout on Nov. 15 at UCSD. 

By Janani 5ridharan 
!iTAFF WRITER 

Dominating on both sides of the 
court, the UCSD women's basketball 

, team kicked off its preseason with 
a decisive 69-46 victory over Biola 
University on Nov. 15 at UCSD. 

The Tritons started out the game 
strong, . building an early 10-4 lead. 
Senior captain and guard Leora 
Juster scored the fust two pOints 
of the game on a layup, setting the 
tone for a big night from the UCSD 
veteran. 

The UCSD women were con-
tinualJy one step ahead of Biola 
University on offense, drawing fouls 
and giving the Tritons the oppor-
tunity to convert on free throws. 
UCSD took advantage of these 
opportunities, making 14 of 16 from 
the line in the first half. 

Even though the Triton offense 
in the first half was effective, the 
defense was even more impressive, 
holding Biola University to only 
15 points in the first half. Biola 
University's offense never looked 
comfortable against the Tritons, 
who pressured the Eagles, causing 
them to make mistakes. 

"We have a pretty effective half-
court trap that usually pushes teams 
out of their element," Juster said. 
"Once you get their offense out of 
rhythm, you basically carr throw 
anything at them.» 

The Tritons used various defenses 
to confuse Biola University, causing 
turnovers that led to UCSD points 
on the other side ofthe court. 

UCSD essentially sealed the 
win in the first half, dominating in 
almost every facet pf the game to 
create a 35-15 le!ld ' going into the 

second half. 
"I think we did really well; 

said sophomore forward Michelle 
Osier, who had eight points and 10 
rebounds in the game. "We came 
out strong and got a lead right off 
the bat.» 

Before the game, head coach 
Janell Jones said that Biola University 
would play both zone defense as well 
as man-to-man against the Tritons. 

Juster had no trouble with the 
Eagles' defense, scoring from the 
outside, driving to the hoop and 
drawing numerous fouls. Overall, 
she finished with a game-high 20 
points and five assists. 

"I just try to play the best 1 can, 
play hard and make the best deci-
sions 1 can; Juster said. 

UCSD took a strong attack stance 
led by Juster, but it was backed by 
many other strong performances on 
the Triton side. 

Senior forward Hillary Hansen 
was one rebound away from a 
double-double with 14 points and 
nine rebounds, and junior forward 
Meaghan Noud came· off the bench 
to score another 14 points for the 
Tritons. 

"We have a good enough team 
that if we play our hardest and play 
smart for 40 minutes, we have a 
good chance to win games,» Juster 
said. 

According to Osier, UCSD 
worked especially hard on defense 
for this game and it paid off as the 
Eagles were held to only 46 points. 

"Last year, we played wne 
defense a lot," Osier said. "This year, 
with the new team, we're working 
on [man-to-man defense). We have 

[ IASkfTIALl, pi8e 11 ] J 


