
So YOU THINK WE'RE BIASED? ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 . 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

DJ 
www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Tritons United! a No-Show at Election Debate COLLIGES 
IN THE 

HOT SEAT 
Watts' candidates 
abdicate bare-boned 
debates for Library 
Walk as Student Voice! 
touts its positions. 

By Charles Nguyt:1l 
NEWS EDITOR 

. There was more laughing than 
either clapping or booing at this week's 
debate between executive A.S. candi-
dates. The rained-out event was relo-
cated indoors, where the half-filled 
Price Center ballroom held almost 
exclusively Student Voice! and inde-
pendent-party candidates. 

"This is basically a meeting for our 
slate," SV! commissioner of student 
services candidate Kaveh Cyrus joked 
to SV! A.S. presidential candidate 
Harry Khanna 

Cyrus might as well have been 
right. Only a few members of A.S. 
presidential candidate Daniel Watts' 
Tritons United! slate showed up to 
the debate, and candidate for vice 
president external Eddie Herrera was 
the only slate member to speak at 
the microphone. Because the audi-
ence was principally SV! candidates, 
Herrera said, the school's constituen-
cies were not being addressed. 

There were few, if any, students 
that were not members of the A.5. 
Council ptesent for all of the debate. 
After reading his candidate ~ment, 
Herrera left the room, saying that he 
was going to Library Walk to speak 
with students. 

"There is no foundation here," 
Herrera said. "We need to go to take 

.. it to Library Walk to talk to real 
students about real students and real 
problems." 

Watts agreed with his slate mem-
ben' decision to not debate SVL 

Mit was dear what the debate 
wu,- he said. Mit was a slam-fest fur 
Student Voice!; they shouldn't debate 
in an echoing chamber. The audience 
should be the students, but the only 
audience here was made up of people 
that already made up their minds. My 
candidates don't want to waste time 
talking to a wall" 

The A.S. elections committee 

asked two questions of each candidate 
during the debate. Most questions 
were broad, and allowed the candidate 
to publicize general stances on issues. 
In many instances, specifics were not 
offered or asked for during the debate, 
which started 10 minutes late and 
ended 4S minutes Nrfy. 

During the questions, SV! vice 
president external candidate Ponia 
Thomas touted the slate's plans to eon-
tinue the A.S. Council's efforts in areas 
of outreach and lobbying. If elected, 
the external office should concentrate 
communication effons locally with 
high schools south of San Diego's 
Interstate 8, where many inner-city 
schools are located, Thomas said 

"We need to recognize that there 
isn't divenity at UCSD," she said. 
"We need to lobby to everyone, UC 
Regents and all, to make sure that 
there is funding for academic prepa-
ration, especially for high schools that 
don't have resources to know that 
[there 1 are possibilities for college:' 

Independent candidate Matt 
Corrales also proposed working local-
ly, especially with other colleges such 
as San Diego State University and the 
University of San Diego, in outreach 

JASON CAMPA/GUARDIAN 
Top: Tritons Unitftl! amdidata AprillNibert and Eddie Htrma speaJc with students after 
leaving the A's. election debates. Be""": Left to right, Studerit Voice! candidates Porsia 
Thomas and Sydney Goldberg and independent candidate Matt Corrales share a laugh. 

efforts. Increasing access to higher 
education is a priority, he said. 
. Corrales also emphasized a specif-
ic Jobbying plan that included student 
consultation with the political science 
department. 

Bryce Murray, an independent 
candidate for vice president finance, 
said he plans to inVestigate the effi-
ciency of some student-funded pro--
grams, including the Academic 

Success Program. The council allo-
cated more than $40,000 to ASP this 
year, though the program . did not 
spend its fall allocation in previous 
years. 

"We need to see how many people 
this program affects," Murray said. 

SV!'s candidate for the same posi-
tion, Conrad Ohashi, said an overhaul 

[ DElATE, 'page 3 1 

While a new federal 
commission threatens 
higher ed's sovereignty, 
a college coalition races 
to find other solutions. 

By Charles Nguyen' 
NEWS EDITOR 

One of the largest college coali-
tions in the nation is embarking on an 
ambitious effort to estal>lish account-
ability within universities, follOwing 
intense criticism from a federal panel 
of the effectiveness of America's higher 
education. 

The National Association ef State 
Universities and Land-Grant Colleges 
- which represents more than 200 
public research colleges. including all 
UC campuses except UC Merced - is 
straying away from publicizing details 
about its plan, but is preparing to 
present its agenda to the Commission 
on the Future of Higher Education, 
U.S. Secretary of .Education Margaret 
~peUings' pet-project exploring the 
nuances of the college system, later 
this week. 

Panel Chairman Charles Miller has 
been an especially strong detractor of 
the way coUeges measure their suc-
cesses with students. 

"Less than one-third of all colleges 
nationwide conduct comprehensive 
evaluations to find out whether they 
are achieving the purposes of their 
general education programs," Charles 
Miller stated in a commission outline 
of its plans. 

NASULGC is hoping to answer the 
I?anel's call for a measuring system, 
and is set on exploring the feasibility 
of a "voluntary system" of accountabil-
ity for public colleges, President Peter 
McPherson stated in a public letter. 

~o~e Redo of Higher Ed-Act Calms College Lobbyists 
There currently aren't enough stan-

dardized measures to accurately inform 
students of colleges' proficiencies, 
McPherson said. Many coUege leaders, 
however, expressed doubt over the fed-
eral commission's talks of standardized 
tests for colleges, calling it reminiscent 
of the No Child Left Behind Act. A 
program such as NeLS that targets 
elementary through high schools could 
not encompass the nuances of uni-
versities across the nation, 'especially 
considering the presence of liberal arts, 
private and public colleges. 

By Matthew McArdle 
AsSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

While the revamps to the Higher 
Education Act have eased the outcry 
of college groups, many stiU remain 
skeptical of the legislation's effective-
ness as it moves into the U.S. Senate. 

The American Council on 
Education wrote three letten to 
members of the U.S. House of 
Representatives last week cxprcsaina 
its suppon for last-minute changes 
made to a bill, passed 011 March 30, 
that overhauled federal PeU Grants 
and introduced new federal .report-
ing requirements for institutions of 

HlAnJS 

higher education. 
While the House also made sev-

eral other signi ficant alterations to 
the ~i11 that led student groups and 
A.C.E. to drop formal opposition to 
its passage, the council still expressed 
several desires for more changes. 

"We are disappointed that the bill 
fails to enhance and strengthen the 
Pell Grant program and restore the 
value of this essential need-based 
aid by providing a more generous 
increase in the maximum award 
level," the organization wrote in one 
of the letters. 

The National Associa,ion . 
of Independent Colleges and 

Universities voiced a similar stance. 
"While flaws remain, significant 

improvements were made to the 
bill over the past week," NAiCU 
President David L. Warren stated in 
a press release. 

Members ofA.C.E. also expressed 
concerns about privacy provisions of 
the bill in a strongly worded third 
letter about Rep. 'Steve King's (R-
rowa) amendment to the bill, which 
would have required institutions of 
higher education to repon admis-
sions facton including race, grades, 
test scores and sex. King's proposal 
lost by a wide margin, with 142 
Republicans joining Democrats in 

SPORTS 

Lean,Rock,Pop,Lock Making a Racquet 
Hip-hop gurus descend on RIMAe to' 
shake what their mommas gave 'em. 
pale 8 

The No. 13 mens tennis team smashes the 
Vulalns 9-0 in its third-straight victory. 
pap 16 

opposition. 
The fmal version of the bill, 

known as the College Access and 
6pponunity Act of 2005, allows stu-
dents to receive Pell Grants year-
round and repeals the federal limits 
011 the amount of Pell Grant aid a 
student attending low-cost schools 
can receive. . 

It also forces the top 5 percent of 
colleges deemed to have excessively 
raised student fees for three con·· 
secutive years to form committees to 
explore ways to reduce costs. 

Readers can contact Matthew McArdle 
at matt.mcardle@grnailcom. 

"Trying to create an uber-instru-
ment where we simply draw the line 
and say, 'This is the measurement' 
will be a grave disservice," David L. 
Warren, president of the National 
Association of Independent Colleges 
and Universities, told Inside Higher 
Ed. "We will get a meaningless out-
come at a great cos!." 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen at 
charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

INSIDE WEATHER 
New Business ......................... 3 
letters to the Editor .............. 5 April 6 April 7 
Druthers .................................. 9 H62 L49 H6SLSO 
Album Reviews .................... 10 
Classifleds ............................. 13 
Crossword ............................. 13 

o 
AprilS April 9 

H65LSI H61 LSI 



2 NEWS 

SUSIE S.D. 
~OIJ ~II.. " 'tI~~f 00 ~ ~T ~ 

"1111' 3N!' ~I""'" So ,_ 01' ., ...... 
'1'1£'" "-,to~61~1_ -,.,...... 

~v GE'f \JfRI'. ~ '1IIe'I' _AT 

""". 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN . THURSDAV, APRil 6, 2006 

fAlrlooCNel 

vt.dimir~ 
Ion 5. 

MMIPI&IIon 

Not"'n Miklos 
""" &lion Heother Welles 

a..rl"Nguyen 
-..-

Molt ..... MeNdle "-lIlt _ kIIor 

MoriJlw MIdden IljMIoo kIIor 
Hon~c...p AIID<i* 0pI0I000 WIor 
llel Enteon SpIIII kIIor 

DlMiLei ..... AIIOdIIt SpoIII kIIor 
Chrisllne .... ,..,kIIor 

Ml_fellwis AIIodIII ......... CURRENTS--------------------------------
Campus to Open 
Mexico Extension 
As part of Chancellor Marye 

Anne Fox's new program to 
partner UCSD with Mexico, the 
university . announced plans last 
week to open an office and staff a 
full -time representative in Mexico 
Ci ty in an effort to improve its 
understanding and ability to iden-
tify new opportunities throughout 
the country. 

The chancellor also revealed 
three new initiatives to improve 
the quality of life for citizens 
of both the United States and 
Mexico that were developed as 
part of her November 2005 meet-
ing with Mexican government 
and academic officials. 

The partnership initiatives will 
deal with improving air quality in 
the Baja-San Diego region, explor-
ing how the area could become 
more competitive in global science 
and technology sectors, and aiding 
Mexican citizens through new eco-
nomic policies. 

Snow on Continent 
Melting Earlier 

A new U.S. Geological Survey 
study led by a Scripps Insti tution 
of Oceanography researcher has 
found that spring is arriving ear-
lier in places where it brings 
snowmelt-fed rivers. 

The stud y examined strea m-
flow records from the past 50 
yea rs of 179 remote rivers in the 
eastern United States and Canada, 
and determined that the peak run-
off time had shifted about five 
to 10 days earlier over that time 
period. 

Results were obtained by using 
gauging stations that measured 
stream flow by tracking water 
depth, and echoed the findings of 
a si milar 2005 study in the west-

ern United States that also found 
earlier snowmelts. 

UCSD Fares Well in 
National Rankings 
A new national survey of grad-

uate programs released last week 
by U.S. News and World Report 
chronicled a rise in the rankings 
of many UCSD programs. 

The division of biological sci -
ences placed 12th overall, with 
its neurobiology program rank-
ing second and its bioinformatics 
program ranking sixth. 

The campus also placed high 
in its programs for biochemistry 
(seventh), seismology (fifth), phys-
ics (16th), chemistry (l8th) and 
mathematics (21st) . 

UCSD's computer science and 
engineering department ranked 
13th, up nine spots since 2002 . 
Overall, the Jacobs School of 
Engineering placed 11 tho The 
campus also received a high rank-
ing for its program in bioengi-
neering, which ranked second for 
the third year in a row. UCSD's 
School of Medicine ranked 14th 
overall and first in the nation for 
the number of research grants per 
faculty member. 

The campus was one of only 
five institutions that had both a 
medical school and an e ngineer-
i ng school that ranked in the top 
15 nationally. 

Mentoring Program 
Gets New Head 

Veronica Henson-Phillips, 
a professor of speech commu-
nication and theater, has been 
appOinted as the new head of 
UCSO's Faculty Mentor Program. 

Her main responsibility 
includes expanding undergradu-
ate access to campus research 
opportunities. 

Storag •••• Serving All of S.n DIego County del-

WWW.BIGBOX.COM 
Call Toll-Free Right Now! 

" G~ is less IhBn we also offer trioring 
*Coll For DetaIls 

® • Have a ·Big Box' delivered to you 
• Load it at your leisure 
• It'l/ be stored in our secure, indoor facilities 
• Access your belongings 24fT 
• Forget having to rentAoad/unload a truck 

858-454-5531 
The NATION'S PREMIEI!l MOBILE STORAGE Provider 

I j , , f f , , , , •• • , 

•••••••• t, •••• ".,·" ,. 
f , • , t • , • • • ., ' • , 

...... UII .... 
.... 
...... 2.-
".. ..... 

Cody .. Hoi><MI ........ 
Chri .. ine c .. rtc ......... &IIon 

Gai!l1e foure 

Billy Wong ...... kIIor 
AI.under V"and "-l* ....... 

Andr .... Nguy.., ...... kIIor 
Kiley s.tarll·P .. rte All ... 

.......... Ml"-l,..... 
R ...... rd Choi, ~ ~WIIndy S~u, 

U1¥o~ SI_1iIIIIon 

N'tni ~eo.t ...... , 
• HodIey .......... "Ooeiq 

r.tIterine Md:III .......... ...... 

- ............ ..... 
MidtelleT"; ..... ....... 

-.. 

VinceGiamtIIIo ~",.""",'-Iwl 
Mike_ ........ AII~ 

"""1ItIoe ........ 
........... 

KinHoI'<B Ie 
Me .. t' P. I ....... ~ 

c.orp OlIn, RIi'NNI 0IIiI 
......... 
T~in, c.lIy c...,. t_ Olson 

The UCSO c..iiln i. .,....,ed Mondo)'> 
and Thu...,. during the ademic yNr by 
UCSO students and for the UCSD commu· 
nity. Reproduction of .his newspaper in ony 
form, whether in whole or in ~rt, without 
permisSion is .. ridly prohibited. C 2006, all 
right. reserved. The UCSD Cum/ian is nol 
responsible for the return of unsolicited man· 
uscripts or In. The view expressed herein do 
not necessarily represent the opinions of the 
UCSD ClQrdi~n, the University 01 Colilom,. 
or Associated Studenls. The UCSD ClQrdian 
is funded solely by advertising. I . Find hole 
2. Slather with v .. eline. 3. Insert peniS. Now 
you're fuding .he Sible. 

General Editorial: 858-534'{)580 
editOl@ucsdguardian.org 

News: 858-534-5226, newsl®Ucs<iauaidlan."'8 
focus: 858-534-5226, ""IuIesi;UC!dgUMd,an."'8 
Hiatus: 8S8-5J.4-&583, . , 

i 858-SJ4.6582. 

~NlTYIIU 
-,- TOI2O..m 

ULTRAZON. 
3146 \fIIII--" . s. .... , (A 
""' .. lilt" IISpIm .... 

.. HI 221 ............ 1 ..... 111_ 

THURSDAV, APRil 6, ~ 

A.S. Council, Watts Ride 
Emotional Rollercoaster 

A 1though there are only five Wisconsin, Madison by purchasing weeks remaining of the cur- T-shirts and shot glasses and later rent A.S. ~cil's time in applying for council reimbunements 
office. the first meetins of spring to cover the cost 
quarter did not break the recent trend "If you request the receipts 
of being emotionally charged and through California public records 

con~ liU I did, you will see it.- Watts 
The meeting began on a som- said, to the vehement headahaking 

ber and reflective note. with A.S. of Vice President External Samutba 
F.ucutive Assistant Chris 'Jary per- Pnenon and President CbriItophcr 
fonning a candle-lighting ceremo- SWfttm."You can scrunch up your 
ny in honor of face all you want, 
Academic Affairs C h r i s top her. 
Chief of Staff Bea New but we have the 
Sumner, who receipts." 
died in a skiing Bus·lness With only 
accident over three fund -
spring break. L'Heureux ing requests on 

"This is to the agenda for 
represent that mlheureu@ucsd.edu immediate con-
Ben will be here with us for the sideration, there was little discus-
rest of our terms, and always," Vice sion to be had. However, the accused 
President Internal Angela Fomero councilmembers fued back at Watts' 
said before a moment of silence dedi- allegations, claiming that no misuse 
cated to his memory. of student funds took place . 

After the completion of the cer- Sweeten announced that upon 
emony, public input brought things reviewing the receipts, only one per-
back to business as usual, with accu- son. former Vice President External 
sations of corruption, personal gnev· Knill Mann. had applied for reim-
ances and students donning armor bursement for such purchases, and 
and hitting each other with large had been reprimanded for doing so. 
sticks. WeU. perhaps that last thing "The individual will be charged 
hasn't happened before. but in prior for it," Sweeten said. 
meetings. it appeared to be just foot- Peterson, who ~ not even in 
steps away from occurring. office at the time of the purchase. 

Members of the UCSD kendo was quick to make light of the situa-
team pe.rformed a brief demonstra- lion when announcing the upcoming 
tion of their techniques after empha- Students of Color Conference. 
sizing the necessity of their funding "They are going to be selling T-
request that the council was consider- shirts, so [ guess we should be more 
ing and later would go on to approve. careful this time," she said 
After a few minutes of lighthearted With nothing else to debate, the 
entertainment. Earl Warren College meeting was finished in half the usual 
senior and A.S. presidential candi - duration. 
date Daniel Watta took the stage and However. with elections looming 
changed the mood entirely. and accusations of dirty campaigning 

Watts accused certain A.S. Council already beginning to surface, it seems 
members of abusing their own poli - unlike1y that this trend will continue 
des on J trip to the University of in the weeks to come. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Candidates 
Focus On 

Student Orgs 
~ DElATE, from page 1 
of the Student Organization Funding 
Advisory Board is necessary. He 
pushed the launching of a Web site 
that wou1d allow organizations to reg-
ister and monitor their own budgets. 
Both Mwray and Ohashi said focus-
ing on student organizations would be 
their paramount goal. 

Janine De1Iomes, a candidate for 
vice president internal, had no debat-
ing opponent, but said she hoped to 
build on the success of the current 
office. 

"It was run well," she said of this 
year's A.S. Council. "I hope to improve 
on the format. as weU as get more gen-
eral public input during meetings." 

DelIomes did not elaborate on spe-
cific plans for increasing public input 
in her statement, and said she wanted 
to improve on current Vice President 
Internal Angela Fomero's efforts. 

Watts, whose platform is based 
mostly OJ! reform of the A.S. Council, 
said that the debate was indicative of 
SV!'s attachment to the status quo. 

RtQders can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal,net. 

Life 101 is just for you! 
Netwcn: with UCSD alumni from cwer 30 career fields, including 
the President of bd Robot Productions-the company that 
produces NLost" and NAI~"! 
Learn how to survive--and-thrive in life after graduation at this special 
half-day seminar including workshops, raffle prizes, and a light lunch. 

WHEN 

WHERE 

HOW MUCH 

REGISTER 

Saturday, April 22, 2006 
1 0:00AM-3:00pM 

Roosevelt College 
Robinson Auditorium/Great Hall 

_ General: $8.00 
Alumni Association 
Student Member: $5.00 
www.alumni.ucsd.edullife101 

TInNmro OlJTSlDE ThE BooKs 

NEWS 3 

Confidential Egg Donors 
Needed Immediately! 

RUMOR HAS IT ••• 
Somewhat of a black sheep, Sarah's _ quill fill • 

~rt of things ...... " [_ to .. relatMS. lut ...... 
She IIIIIIs ."""'" mlilianalre Ieou Iu~their tIICOUIItIr u Iy IHlIadcs SIIIII .., SICrIb 
that !lIlY ""=nc .... the truth .bHt family and flnallv ~ who she truly is. Jennifar An~, 
Matt Kufrala, Shirley MacLailll 

7pm & 10pm • $3 

, 



4 ~ THE '" , GuARDIAN 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org OPINION 

~ Props to the snazzy new overhaul of ACS Webmail. Our fingers were worn : down to the bone selecting our e-mail server. What a relief! 
On April 3, the Supreme Court refused ~ 

to hear jose Padilla's case, and provide a 4 
needed constitutional assessment of the 
Bush administration's detainment policy. 

______________________ THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 2006 

EDITORIALS 
Elections Committee 
Squandered Debate 

In campus politics, securing student inter-est is hard enough. The job becomes even harder when your own elections 
committee e ffec tively encour- junkies in the audience; the ques-
ages vote rs to stay at home on tions asked by the committee 
Electio n Day. certainly didn't require them to 

For years, the A.S. Council go much beyond that, or invite 
has complained about student regular students to participate. 
apathy, trying to figure out why Is asking candidates how they 
so few students care about their would better run A.S. Council 
representatives. For the council- meetings important? Certainly, 
members in attendance at this but to most students, it's less 
week's election d ebate, the answer important than fmding out what 
should have been vision the candi -
o bvious - since DEAD DEBATE dates have for the 
they were largely Sun God festival 
the only ones in • Student leaders or their stance on 
the audience. complain about apathy. funding for A.S. 

[t wa prob- Maybe this 15 why. Safe.Rides. 
ably a good Had this 
th ing too, sinc;e paper been asked 
n o people attending the debate to participate, this board would 
w ould have learned muc h of have been happy to moderate 
an ything to help them make up the debate and ask the same sort 
th eir m inds. of relevant, tough questions we 

We must concede, running have put before the candidates in 
an election is a tough job. But our private interviews this week. 
t hat's no excuse for holding a Alas, our phones did not ring. 
d ebate - the only time students T he elections committee, it 
can questio n candidates - that seems, has yet to realize that 
serves simply as a platform for getting students to vote requires 
candidates to recite their memo- more than putting a mermaid or 
rized statements to the three A.S. two on the sample ballot. 

.Outreach Rhetoric Still 
r rumps Actual Science 
Science, to shamelessly quote the famous economist Adam Smith, is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and 
supe rstition. In the great debate grams face the same rigorous 
over academic preparation pro- evaluations as Preuss. Up until 
grams, there has certainly not several years ago, SAAC mem-
been enough of it. bers didn't even bother following 

That is why the new report up with attendees of their high 
on the performance of the Preuss school conferences to see if they 
School, the UCSD-run charter were attending college, much less 
school, is a great sign. Mixed as try to see whether the confer-
the findings were, ences made any 
the document real difference. 
suggests that NEEDED SKEPTICISM And if these 
the university is programs don't 
finally starting to • RJsorous evaluation actually work 
examine whether of the PreuM SchooI'a - which no one 
the tens of miJ- effective .. _ is a posItI\'e knows, since no 
lions it has spent lip of ct.np. one has attempt-
trying to woo L-_________ ...1 ed to find out -
underrepresented students has' taxpayers are not the only ones 
paid dividends. who suffer; ineffective outreach 

After voters banned affirma- means the very underrepresent-
tive action in 1996, the University ed groups it is meant to help 
of California turned to outreach remain locked out of the state's 
as a means of increasing the top universities. 
number of minority and poor Doing good science of 
students. In recent years, campus the Preuss variety will ensure 
cultural groups and the Student accountability on all fronts and 
Affirmative Action Committee would surely help convince state 
have launched their own student- lawmakers not to cut the univer-
initiated efforts. sity5 outreach funding next year. 

Sadly, few of the outreach pro- Now, it just has to get done. 

THE~GUARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Grant Schrader 

Vladimir Kogan 
M ANAG ING ED ITOR 

Ian S. Porr 
MANAGING EDITOR 

EDITOR IN CHI EF 
Charles Nguyen 

NEWS EDITOR 
Marianne Maddot 
OPINION EDITOR 

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 
California at San Diego. Contents © 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the maiority vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those of the 

UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By' Riley SaJant-Pearce 

In Today's'Fractured Media, 
'Balance' Is Really Propaganda 
D o you believe the .Guardian is biased? I won't take it personally if you do. In fact, let me tell you a little secret: I kinda think it's a little 
biased, too. 

It's biased toward free speech. It's biased toward full 
color and haVing lots of space. It's certainly biased toward 
beer. 

on each one, having read and considered both sides, went 
out with the 50-hour work week and 2-hour commute. 
It's far quicker to have the day's events folded to fit into a 
familiar, agreeable perspective - which is what "admit-
tedly biased" news offers. . . 

The Internet is only helping this. Few Web sites carry 
the once-sacred journalistic respect of 

But I'm sure that doesn't sl1rprise 
you. Nor would it surprise you, I'm 
guessing, to hear that the New York 
Times, Fox News C~annel, CNN, the 
Washington Ppst, the San Diego Union -
Tribune and every other American 
news outlet is biased in ways it both 
does and does not understand. 

Lines in 
the sand 

the New York Times or CBS (although 
these houses are doing a good job of 
spoiling theirs), but the Web doesn't 
need to. Opinions are opinions no 
matter what URL they appear on. It's 
cheaper to pay for opinions than facts, 
and easier to read opinions than facts, 
and easier to read from the Internet 

Ian Port 
iport@ucsd ,edu 

So why do they all pretend otherwise? 
Many journalists see unbiased reporting as an impos-

sible goal, worth striving for, perfectly fair sOllls being 
rather rare. But that's still hopelessly idealistic. Unbiased 
reporting is an impossible goal that's no longer worth 
pursuing. In fact, rather than an ideal, the concept of 
unbiased reporting has become a mindfuck tool for 
media outlets to deliver their bias without fessing up to 
it. Hence Fox News' relentless "fair and balanced" plug' 
- but more on that later. 

There are two main reasons for the nearing death 
of unbiased news. The first is that human understand-
ing is slowly growing worldly enough to grasp that 
all knowledge is subjective. As the idea that there is 
no absolute truth (math and phys-

than a newspaper. So guess who's going to win? 
The American media is already moving more toward 

a European model, where readers are conversant in the 
varying perspectives (read: biases) of different publica-
tions, choosing to read the ones they can most tolerate. 
We're already there, really: Everybody thinks that the 
New York Times is liberal and that Fox News is conserva-
tive, and because they do, liberals and conservatives flock 
to those sources, reinforcing the preconception. 

So with people already reading news assuming that it's 
biased, but more or less agreeing with its biases, we return 
to our original question: Why do these old dogs still play 
their same tricks and pass themselves off as "All the news 
.. ." or "fair and balanced"? 

They'U say th.ey're afraid of polar-
ics dudes, disregard) becomes more 
accepted, news consumers are much 
less willing to tolerate a grandfatherly 
anchor or reporter claiming to have 
an absolutely fair assessment of an 
event. News doesn't occur as a neatly 
compartmentalized development, 
with easily identifiable and coherent 
sides - the newspaper jllst makes you 
think it does, masking all the subjec-
tive reasoning about newsworthiness 
and change that repotters and editors 
have to make. 

, The concept of . 
unbiased reporting 

has become a 
mindfuck tOOl for 
media outlets to 

izing American society, of creating 
a situation in which conservatives 
completely disregard anything the 
NYT reports and liberals organize 
a lynch mob for Rupert Murdoch. 
And that is a legitimate fear, espe-
ciaUy given the already dubious 
ability of Americans from different 
perspectives to get along. 

But I think the real reason U.S. 
news outlets cling to their illusions 
of fairness is because it's fantastical-
ly powerful for controUing people. 
As a godless, overeducated West 
Coast liberal, I try to consume every 
media source critically, looking for 
its biases and assumptions. Most 

. deliver their bias 
. 

It's become a pastime of the right 
to point out the ways in which the rea-
soning employed by the mainstream 
media is biased against social and 
economic conservatives, just as it's 

wihout fessing 
up to it" 

become a pastime of those on the left to call the main-
stream media a complacent lap dog of the status quo. 
Both are correct, although their complaints say more 
about the diversity of American consumers than the cor-
ruptness of its journalists. Most people want to read the 
news from a perspective they understand, from an outlet 
that makes the same assumptions and value judgments 
they do. The fact that Americans can no longer agree 
on the general fairness of a major source only shows the 
diversity of perspectives that make up the United States 
- and since those are growing, it's likely that the number 
of media perspectives will, too. 

The second reason that unbiased news wiU soon die 
is that few people have time to consume it in the patient, 
judiciOUS way for which it was designed. The idea that 
people will be able to sit down with a I,OOO-word story on 
the day's major developments and reason out an opinion 

people. however, hear the news on 
TV and assume that it's a fair representation of what actu-
ally happened. That's not possible if you're watching a TV 
station or reading a paper that admits it's the "liberal" or 
"conservative" voice. Getting the news from a perspective 
that admits its bias forces the consumer to acknowledge 
that there may be a side of the story that they aren't 
getting in full detail; "unbiased" news outlets can claim 
their reporting as the gospel without giving consumers a 
reason to think twice. 

Which is ultimately why Fox News is so terrifying to 
a person like me: It's self-reinforcing propaganda. The 
first step in convincing you that Bush, etc., are honest 
is convincing you that they are honest - hence the bar-
rage of "fair and balanced~ blasts when the network was 
launched. 

In the Web-savvy, postknowledge media world, assert-
ing complete fairness is the mOlt dangeroua bias. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 2006 

LETTERS TO 
THE EDITOR 

Tritons United! Not 
Given a Fair Shake 

Dear Editor: 
The Guardian seems to print just 

about anything these days. You'U print 
Alida Whites lies about me suppos-
edly "campaigning for president" while 
fighting for the Office of Academic 
Support and Instructional Services. I 
never. talked about running for presi-
dent when I was helping O.A.SJ.S. 

You'll print my opponent, Harry 
Khanna, claiming that he should win 
because he has "A.S. experience~ I'm 
proud of not being pan of the A.S. 
political machine. Khanna and Student 
Voice haw hurt this campus. No one 
on Tritons United shut down a TV sta-
tion. No one on Tritons United voted 
to illegally triple funding for Khanna's 
fraternity, screwing other clubs in the 
process. I'm proud of our record. We 
spoke out against funneling extra cash 
to Pi Kappa Alpha, and we spoke out 
against sh\ltting down Student-Run 
Television. Khanna, however, did nei-
ther. And as far as experience goes: 
I ran for California governor against 
Arnold Schwarunegger and Cruz 
Bustamante while Harry Khanna was 
still at his private high school. 

You quoted Khanna saying that 
when I criticize the extra funding A.S. 
gave to Pi Kappa Alpha, it "makes the 
whole Greek system look bad." I never 
mentioned any other Greek orgs: Only 
Pike had the gall to screw the system 
for their fraternity Vegas trip. No other 
Greek 018 tried to pilfer the student 
treasury. And Khanna is the ODe who 
makes his fraternity look bad: He's the 
one who cowered in fear of Pike and let 
his Pike brother Greg Murphy, the vice 
president of finance, give them extra 
cash for their Vegas trip. 

The Guardian is being incredibly 
biased in this election. You let Harry 
Khanna rip apart my platform with his 
lies, but you never gave me a chance 
to respond to anything he said in his 
own platform. Half of the article on 
my campaign consisted of slanderous 
quotes from Khanna, but his article 
made him out to look like an angel You 
never examined his record of doing 
nothing, standing idly by while SRTV 
coUapses around him and O.A.S.I.S. 
loses funding. 

You also failed to report on 
misogynistic comments made by 
Josh Pengson on the online message 
board SDuncensored three weeks 
before the start of official campaign-
ing. Pengson, running for commuter 
at large in Warren CoUege, attacked 
Tritons United's vice president internal 
candidate, Alicia Coates, in a vicious 
and vile way. He said that people 
shouldn't vote for her because she's 
modeled for Maxim magazine and was 
a Raiders cheerIeader. Pengson and 
Student Voice apparently can't get past 
the surface - not surprising, since 
Khanna's campaign slogan last year 
was "Make A.S. really good-looking." 
They don't realize that Coates isn't 
just beautiful, she's also a strong, intel-
Iigent,' political science honors student 
with a near-perfect GPA who's advising 
a San Diego congressional campaign. 
Tritons United is proud to be running 
with such a person. I wish Khanna 
and Student Voice could say the same 
about Pengson. 

Iii like to invite any student 
who hears something about me 
or Tritons United to contact me lit 

dmrj~il.com. 
-DuUdWatb 

A.S. Presidentilll CandiJIlte 

The UCSD GIUII'dUm 
OpinIon Editor 

9500 GlIman Dr. 0316 
~ JoI)II, CA 92093-0316 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Practice MCAT on April 22nd, 9am, at UCSD!! 
Sign up today!! 

Call now to register. 

OPINIONS 

800-2Review - PrincetonReview.com 

MCAT Is a registered If.demark of the: Association of American Medical Collcgts (AAMC). The Princeton Rcview and The Prince ton 
Review logo a rc. lradtm. rks of The Princeton Revic:w, Inc. The Princcton Revitw, Inc. is not . mUated with Princtt on Universily. 

Associated Student Election endorsements in this Monday's GUARDIAN 

"Educate, 
Agitate, 
Organize" 



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN . THURSDAY, APRil 6, 2006 

ASSOCIATE DSTUDENTS2006 

ELECTIONS 

@ (:;lpil;t1 (;IHllp www.capgroup.com 
( IltI'II,ltlll~ 

An extraordinary place to work! 
Who we are 
The Capital Group Companies is one of the world's most experienced 
and successful investment management organizations, Our companies 
manage investments for millions of individuals and thousands of 
corporations and institutions, 
For 75 years, we have followed a consistent philosophy and approach 
to generate long-term results for our investors around the world, 

Who we need 
We are looking to hire the best people and provide them the 
resources and environment they need to achieve·their full 
potential. We have immediate openings in: 

• Accountinl and Finance • Administration 
• Customer Service • Human Resources 
• Information Technology • Internships 

Cpme see us at UCSD: 
Wednesday, April 12 • Spring Job Internship Fair • lO:30am-2:30pm 

t , , • , j , , • , , • , , f , , , , 
, f , t f f , , , • • f • , , , • , t 

THURSDAY, APRil 6, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Paid "'dver,i.emeN' 

The Gamekillers OBITUARIES April 2006 

Andre Massis 
Fernando NiewK 
lack Danielson 

Hanwey Shieh 
Bhorot K,umar 

Eric Smith 
Jon Fox 

Chad Utsch 

MASSIS Anch, sao Paulo, II 
Was lured away from a preHy young 
thing and into 0 heated game of 

'Foos' by his good friend Carl-more 
commonly known as "The I<NJyor of No 
Women's lond." While Andre mode 
several attempts to step awoy and put 
himself bock into contention with the 
soid female, Carl's relentless pursuit 
for a/l things thot don't involve gelling 
some, was uhimately too much for the 
young Andre, He qUickly found himself 
sweating if out over the air hockey table, 
from where he would catch a glimpse of 
his young beauty heading oul the door 
with anoiher suitor. Andre's go~ will 
be remembered by many, ju&t nol her, 

..vIS FemoncIo, N.w M, NY 
His game was alive and well on i~ way 
to 0 ten digit exchonge with 0 honie 
knoWn as Britney, but was suddenly 
bushwhacked by a classic Gomekiller, 
The Drama Queen. She ran into the 
scene, teors streaming, and sobbed a 
slOry of hoving seen her ex from four 
years ago. "I, I, I just can't be alone 
tonight, Brit: Still a relri9llable situation 
hod Fernando kept his cool. Bul he 
didn't, 'Four years seems lile,! 'a long 
time ago,' he soid in all Innocence. By 
the time The Drama Queen was done 
flipping the script, Fernando was re-cost 
In the role of 'the villain' in fronl of a 
crowd of horrified on-lookers. No one 
hooks up with an insensitive pig. Resl in ' 
peace Fernando, but you sleep alone, 

It was early In the evening yesterday 
when lack's game left us, and while 
it didn't ga without a fight, lack 
did have his arM unceremoniously 

handed 10 him. Upon relurning from the 
bathroom, lack found the girl he wos 
seeing hod been surrounded by a beefy 
mesomorph, Early Moll, who tried to use 
his abundant muscle 10 strong-arm him 
oul of the picture. lock did not keep 
his coal and accused his yaung lady 
friend of Airting with the first guy who 
came along . His girl, no doubt disgusted 
by lad's OIIer-tha-tap bra...ooo, fled 
the scene when his for from anractive 
jealousy escaloted into Zack throwing a 
punch, which was caught in mid-oir by 
something that looked like a hand, but 
felt like a 201b vice. By the time Zock 
r~ined consciousness, he was home 
alone and unable to console himself wilh 
his dominant hand . 

SHBt ttcmw.y, Lot ~, CA 
Hanway was choning up a latin diva 
at on apartment complex barbecue and 
his game was hot enough to pose a fire 
hazard, that is until his friend and cocoon 
of horror known as The Mess entered the 
pidure and snatched Hanwey up like a 
flash flood of distraction. Somewhat of 
a loose cannon, The Mess immediately 
engaged Hanwey in the age-old male 
bonding tradition of lighting one's own 
forts . Sure, there's 1!Hle more enticing than 
the ignition of one's own combustible 
human gasses, but much like riding on 
electric $Cooler, you don't look tho! cool 
doing It. When the Ioughter subsided, 
Hanwey was left with nothing but a 
good laugh and the fainl smell of okI 
eggs, while his lady was snared by a 
new suitor. Mon, talk about blowing it. 

1CUMAIl ....... , ........ , R 
After kicking his game to a leggy 
redhead at a dorm mixer, Bhorot was 

Clamt Itlltb 
interrupted by Tr8llOr, a .k.a . British 
Accent Guy. Women are drown to men 
with British -occenls, so all it took was 
a single "pardon' to make his girl raise 
an eyebrow toward this game killing 
Redcoot. This prompted Bhorat to get 
riled by colling out the guy's busted grill , 
of yellOWing bod teeth and comparing 
the merits of boseball oller cricket. The 
British Accent Guy smifed and opened 
his mouth only to offer small bits of 
non-confrontotionol banter, allOWing his 
accent to seep into the girl 's brain like a 
piece of brilliant propaganda . In the end, 
the Brit would i nll<?de on Bhorat's territory 
with ease, taking the girl, and lealling 
Bharors game strewn on Ihe road as a 
piece of collateral damage. 

SMITH Eric, WashingtDn, DC 
His game come to ils demise in the 
mosl unlikely of circumslonces. While 
engaging in /WO of his most pleasurable 
pastimes: !olking abaul boats, wilh his 
other paSSion, a beautiful girl who seemed 
genuinely inlerested, They were even 
planning to go out In his 1 5-foot dinghy, 
only to hit unseen rocks in the form of The 
One Upper, the classic Gomekiller who 
lives by the mol1o "Anything you can do 
I can do bener." Sure enough, The One 
Upper claimed to nol only know boots, 
but he also boasted of coplainlng his 
own 4o-foot lIessel. Eric tried to OOIIlgale 
10 Ihe colmer waters of cor talk but was 
run over again by The One Upper's 
suppased vintage German roadster The 
tension qUickly mounted, and soon the 
two were engaged in a ruthless game 
01 one-upmanship. On and on ,hey went, 
seeing what the other guy iust said and 
rOising him . When the smoke deared, 
Eric hod won the glool-lest, but the girl 
wos nowhere 10 be found. No one likes 
a broggart. Eric's game was lost seen 
drifting awoy towords the vast sea of 
loneliness in on undersi~ed boat. 

FOX Jon, London, UK 
Jon's ' game, beloved to many . .o 
cheerleader and facilitator of the 
menage 012003, was fairing well at a 
Gold Coast club with 0 delighlful poir of 
stSlers. That Is until the playboy pedotor 
and fuU time Gornekiller Simply known as 
Kash Munnl entered the pldure. A weI~ 
endowed socialite famous for trashing 
5-stor hotel rooms, Kosh hod Ir<NeIed In 
from oil rich lands wearing expensive 

<6amt "illtb 
ltolian loofers and indoor sunglasses. 
Drinks were bought for willing and 
unwilling recipients alike with his family's 
fortune, which he shamelessly flaunted in 
the form of an array of high stalus Blask. 
This caused Jon to suddenly lose his ~ool 
and go on the defensive by opening 0 
tab of his own, On his debit cord. After ' 
three rounds, Jon's account was maxed . 
Shortly aHer he wos dropped off alone 
would Jon learn the hard way thot 0 
woman's affection should never be for 
sale, and lhot many a man has gone 
broke trying to prove otherwise, 

UJ'SCH Chad, New IrunswIdr. NJ 
His game was faring nicely at the 
local coffee shop with a seemingly 
receptille lone drinker called Rlto 
and he seemed well on his way to a 
lillie afternoon delight, thot is until the 
corduroy-clad Gomekiller know1) os "IQ " 
entered picture. This pompaus scholastic 
sCOllenger, famous for luring men inlo 
heated debates on subje'cts of wh ich 
they know nothing, over·heard Ihe 
conversation turning to orland pounced . 
Immedialely he steered the dialogue into . 
an area known as Out Of Chad's Depth 
where he would dish out eVElr increasing 
portions of intellectual emasculation .. 
Chad reacted as anyone with 0 20 
point IQ deficit facing "10" would: the 
wrong way. No, the answer 10 "When 
do you feel Picasso peaked?' isn't to 
shove the questioner in the ches!. Rita 
was left to apologize emphatically for 
Chad's actions and asked if she could 
make up for il in some way, Chad tried 
to recaller, but it was toa lale. He had 
lost his coal, and his game would retire 
home, where It would begin its own 
blue period. 

Obiluories con be creatad and sent 
via email 10 friends atgamekillers,com 

KHp Your Cool. Ax. Dry. 

7 



8 M THE BEST SONGS ~ AftA IN HIATUS U~~ ,THIS WEEK d:U;I\A llUt;~ CONTACT THE EDITOR 
Cody B. Nabou,.s 

hiatus@ucsdguardian.org hiatus ... WlUiams III ,.apli 
a rts/e nte rta i nm e nt • "Louisiana Stripes" • "Autorock" 

• "Smoke and Wine" • "GIaSjpN Mega Snake" 

------------ ------ ------ THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 2006 

Fusion, the biggest dance competition in 
the West, rattles the rafters of RIMAe 

BY SIMONE WILSON 
Staff Writer 

bo would have 
au-soo that UCSD 
Is home to the larg-
.. hip-hop dance 
ClCllllpetition on the 

entire West Coast? From our thriv-
ing pool of student organiz.ations, 
the Multi -Asian Student Association 
and the Second-to-Nonedance team 
(220) joined forces in 1999 to create 
the Fusion dance competition, the 
former devoted to preserving the 
togetherness of a people and the lat-
ter to livening hip-hop's competitive 
spirit. Put them together, and you've 
got some kick -ass dance moves. 

This will be Fusion's seventh 
year raising RIMAC Arena's roof, 
and the crowd isn't getting anything 
but fatter. Last year, more than 3,000 
hip-hop enthusiasts showed up to 
witness the spectacle (a 400 percent 
increase since its debut), including 
TV stations, radio DIs and Web site 
representatives. With such an explo-
sive audience upsurge in the past 
few years, the hype is only expected 
to keep on skyrocketing. 

"A lot of different people are 
becoming more involved because 
Fusion is growing,» said MASA 
Fusion coordinator Cherry Duong, 
at the head of the cultural awareness 
half of the show. "We're expecting a 
more diverse crowd this year:' 

Kei Tsukamoto. "Then they send us 
a video of their set, and then one 
of their practice.» Among the nine 
chosen competitors this year are the 
twice-victorious UC Irvine Chinese 
Association Dance Crew, who won 
in both 2004 and 2005. Four judges 
with professional dance experience 
- including one of Gwen Stefani's 
Harajuku Girls - will present the 
trophy for 2006. Expect flashy light 
shows, a' deafening beat, and the 
slickest stage full of poppers ever to 
rattle the University of California. 

Accompanying stiff competition 
will be a scattering of exhibition acts, 
including professional San Diego 
dance team Culture Shock, UCSD 
martial artists and some babe-ali -
cious . Polynesian entertainers to 
boot. Event coordinators 220 will 
also be performing only on exhibi-
tion -; "For us to compete would be 
kind oflike thrOwing our own talent 
show," said Tsukamoto. 

Though Fusion is an Asian - . 
directed event (the largest one on 
campus), its goal is not to be exclu-
sive but rather to help the local com-
munity recognize different aspects 
of Asian-American culture, in this 
case hip-hop. And at a university 
where 37 percent of the student. 
population belongs to such a cul-
ture - a 10 percent increase since 
1995 and now the dear majority 
- it's right time everybody started 
appredati n: Only the very best California 

dance teams are selected to per-
form, as chosen by the event's stu-
dent coordinators. "First we send 
them an invitation;' said 220 dancer 

Fusion will toke pillee lit 6 p.m. on 
April 9 lit RIMAC Arena. TICkets 
are $13 at the UCSD Box Office 
and $15 at the tWo,. 

COURTESV OF M"S" 
U(CSD) Got Served: Fusion, sponsored by the Multi-Asian Student Association, has grown into the biggest 
hip-hop dance competition on the West Coost, now larger than ever for its seventh year 0/1 campus. 

Bringing Up' Baby .... In a Gritty South African Shantytown 'Friends' Is a 
Flick for Grown- . A stolen infant 

helps a young criminal fi nd redemption 
in the slums ot Johannesburg 

COURTESV OF MIRAMAX 
T-." Low: Pm/f!Y CJrweneyagae pIaIJs Tsotsi, whose name means "haodlum.· An 
AJ.D.s.-orphaned street kid, Tsotsi is Q ruaasful mit/, but less adtpt with a baby. 

'" I I # I, I"", f _, •• 
• , •••• " t, t""""" 
", t, If' t"", '" .• ", 
,. ", "".""", iiiiII_ 

By Gaelle Faure 
ASSOCIATE HI"TUS EDITOR 

tory childhood flashbacks, and it comes 
as no surprise when Tsotsi starts to shun 
his friends and his ways. 

It's a story so familiar it could take This tale of redemption may have place in any slum. A young criminal, a "arch plot" written all ov\ll' it, but that's bad seed through and through, heads the cool thing aboutthose tried-and-true 
deeper and deeper into darkness when a stories - since it's easy as pi~ to guess the 
chance encounter (maybe a baby, a para- developments, all the delicious treats are 
plegic, a good woman - or all three!) in the details. Sure, Tsotsi will get from A 
thaws his heart and sets him on the fast to B, but at what cost? Between the gang-
track to redemption. "Tsotsi;' Oscar's pick ridden streets pulsing to kwaito music 
for best foreign fIlm, takes place in a bus- (addictive hip-hop tinged with dance 
tling, gorgeously shot South African shan- hall - the soundtrack is a revelation) 
tytown. Tsotsi (Presley Chweneyagae) and the gritty/beautiful/mundane details 
- literally "hoodlum" - is the lost soul, of life in and around Johannesburg, 
and his road is as bumpy as it gets. "Tsotsi" achieves its most laudable prow-

An A.I.D.S. orphan, barely a man, ess - by letting us forget its backbone 
Tsotsi leads a small gang in theft and and go along for the unabashedly emo-
murder. He wears a dead-eyed mask of tional roUercoaster. Sincerity is key here;" 
a face through it all, but his past sneaks luckily, it pours out of every inch of the 
back when he steals a rich woman's car, astounding cas\. South African direc-
only to discover a baby in the back- tor Gavin Hood flirted with the idea 
seat. Newcomer Chweneyagae gives a of casting American actors, but instead 
startlingly pro perform3!1ce, teetering on headed home to shoot the film with 
the sharp edge of violence, keeping the actors speaking the local patois. 
audience uneasy instead of rooting for This is no treatise on postapartheid 
him outright. Yet it's the Pampers-ad- South Africa, however. All the characters 
wof'thy-urchin's welfare that provokes the - in the film (save a cop) are black, rich or 
most tension (and sappy smiles) as Tsotsi poor. If anything. with scattered public 
carries him around town in a shopping - warning posters and the implied culprit 
bag, stores him under his bed and finds in Tsotsi's mother's death, it's a subtle, 
him covered in ants in the mOrning. earnest reminder of the omnipresent, 

H~ forcefully enlists the aid of Miriam violence-breeding effects of A.I.D.S. on 
(Terry Pheto, another stunning newbie), the African continent. 
a neighboring widow and mother who 
makes gorgeous mobiles - stained glass 
ones when she's happy, rusted metal ones 
when she's sad. Her brave defiance actu-
ally gets Tsotsi to put the gun down, and 
his eyes begin to shine with a fatherly 
light during these play-family dates. 

Take these encounters. add a few sub-
plots and stir in some rather too explana-

Tsotsi 
***~ ~ l'rftIey thtIeneyagae. Teny I'heto 

Directed by Gavin Hood 
Now Playing 

RatedR 

Up Chicks 
By Christine Clark 

ASSOCI"TE HIATUS EDITOR 

The chick-ruck formula is a very standard one: Girl chases guy (usually portrayed by Mark 
Ruffalo), girl gets guy, girl subse-
quently loses guy and through the 
help of sarcastic, slightly less attrac-
tive friend, girl wins guy back. But not 
every girl lives in a romantic comedy. 
Thankfully, writer-director Nicole 
Holofcencer realistically examines 
the lives of women. Her latest fUm, 
"Friends With Money:'like her previ-
ous works, is a mature dramedy about 
a group of girlfriends. 

Unlike the female characters 
replaying on the Lifetime network, 
the women of "Friends with-Money; 
although insecure, don't sit around 
pining for Prince Charming or throw-
ing up dinner. They shop, they talk, 
they work, they talk, they raise chil-
dren and then they talk some more. 
But that's the beauty of Holofcencer's 
work. The conflicts don't deal with 
life or death issues, but the highly 
relatable themes in her ftlms are just 
as engrossing. 

Her style has not changed much 
since her 1996 directorial debut, 
"Walking and Talking.- "Talking" 
dealt with the travails of two friends 
played by Anne Heche and Catherine 
Keener (Holofcencer's muse). Keener 

[FRIENDS, P-se 9] 

I ~/I"I~'('" ;' II/~/~"IIII'III"'f' II 
" I I I I 'f' I J I I , I I , I I J ~ I I , • f I I • I , • , , I I • , 

, , " I , I I I I , I I I I , I , • fl. I • , 
I J I 4 I I I I I I , I • , , •• I ••• 

, I 

THURSDAY, APRil 6, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDtAN HIATUS 9 

You Can Relate to These 'Friends,' Even If They're Rich 
• FRIENDS, from page 8 
also starred in the follow-up, 2001's 
"Lovely and Amazing" - a gem about 
three insecure sisters. It was her sec-
ond film's acclaim that undoubtedly 
attracted the A-list stars to her latest 
project. 

1ben there are the men - the 
love interests in "Friends" complete the 
ensemble cast of character actors. Scott 
Caan plays Olivia's asshoIe boyfriend 
and Jason Isaacs plays Christine's 
insensitive husband. But not to worry, 
not all men are jerks in this female 
fest: Simon McBurney (the creepy doc 
from the "Manchurian Candidate") 
does a complete ISO as lane's sweet but 
ambiguously gay husband. 

tion (not L. A:S perennial stand-in, 
Vancouver) the overly polished set 
design looks like it was ripped right out 
of the pages of an Ethan Allen catalog. 

Then again, "Friends· isn't exactly 
a feel-good movie. Realistic means 
bittersweet - Holofcencer isn't afraid 
to imply that divorce can be a good 
thing. But thankfully, the film doesn't 
focus too much on romance. This 
is a movie about the kind of friend -
ship among females that is not seen 
enough on the big screen. There are 
plenty of scenes in "Friends With 
Money" that any gal (or open-mind-
ed male) could connect to. Just don't 
call it a chick flick. 

Friends With Money 

*** Starring Calheiine Keener, Jennifer Aniston 
Directed by Nicole Holofcencer 

Opens April 7 

INVEST 
IN YOUR FUTURE 

As UCSD grows, SO will 
the desirability of the 
surrounding community. 

in property and in 
years your equity will pay 
off your student loans. Just 

_ _ IIfIIIl'" west of 1-5, less than a mile 

Sunny Morris 
REALTOR 
(858)' 775·5801 CeU 

of UCSD, this condo boasts 
beautiful cherry wood 
kitchen cabinets, granite 
counters, stainless ~ppli­
aces, travertine and 
carpeted floors. Located in 
the Villa Tuscana condo 
complex this 2bd.l2ba. 
Unit is ready to move in. 
Priced at 5539,000. 

"Friends With Money," which 
stars Jennifer Anislon, loan Cusack, 
Francis McDormand and Keener, 
focuses on a group of yuppie friends 
living in Los Angeles, and how each 
handles life's little ups and downs. 
The film never loses pace with the 
intertwining stories of each charac-
ter: Christine (Keener) is a screen-
writer who's in the throes of a crum-
bling marriage; Frannie (Cusack) is 
a wealthy but dull housewife; Jane 
(McDormand) is a short-tempered 
clothing designer in the midst of a 
mid-life crisis and Olivia (Aniston) is 
a lonely pothead floundering in her 
career as a maid. Each actress brings 
their own accessibility to the flawed, 
down-to-earth characters. 

Money, given the title of the movie, 
is obviously a running theme. Olivia's 
friends with more money take pity on 
her because of her financial situation 
and single status. But the preoccupa-
tion with wealth is the mistake with 
"Friends:' The best thing about the 
film is its naturalistic tone, but the 
characters' elite professions discon-
nect an otherwise relatable story. In 
Holofcencer's world everyone seems 
either a glamorous yuppie or a dowdy 
maid. Even in Los Angeles there are 
people struggling in between. And 
although the film is shot on loca- "-

Raled R Sunny.Morris@camoves.com I www.camolleS.com/Sunny.Morris 

aaronbrothers' 
ART & FRAMING 

~~ H)8 DELMAR' 10 min. I fromUCSD 
MATSUliAWA 

I 15% DISCOUNT 
with student 10. Discounts on all 
sushi rolls and lunch combos 

50% DISCOUNT on 
s.t. Lunch Specials 

$ 
Come and enjoy the sunset at the Matsugawa! 

1101 Camino Del Mar, Del Mar, CA 92014 .. 720-1140 

Introducing the new Aaron Brothers Student Discount Program. Bring your 
schoolID to Aaron Brothers and sign up for a discount card good for -10% off 
all art supplies·, including brands such as Grumbacher, Liquitex, Ganson, 
Prismacolor and more! 

'CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS APPLY 

I 

-

VISIT A PARTICIPATING AARON BROTHERS STORE FOR DETAILS AND TO ENROLL IN THE PROGRAM. 
InciniIIII ~MIIa IaMeea Mission VaI.y Rancho Iemardo s.. Diego 011 Midway 
1092 N. EI Camino Real, 51.. B 42«) ~ Meso 11098 8491 F1eIcher Pkwy 1530 Camino De La Reina, C· 2 16771 Ben-do ell' Dr 2790 Midway Dr 
Encinitas, CA 92024 . San Diego, CA 92111 La Mesa, CA 91942 Son Diego, CA 92108 San Diego, CA 92128 San Diego, CA 92110 
(7601942-~ (858, 694-0978 (619) ..s1·2110 (619) s.42'()IS2 (8581451 -3734 (6191 ~4-2909 
1t ••• 1 a. ..... ... ,.. 0_ IJ ... s.DiIgo SaIana ..... 
1106 W VaI.y PIIwy 8821 Vila La JaIo Ad 107~ w.m.w PIIwy 25SO Villa 'Waf 2987 Jamacha ReI, s.m. A 166 So. Solana Hils Dr 
&co.ddo, CA 92025 La JoIa, CA 92037 San~' CA 92126 o.:.an.id., CA 92()5.t EI Cajon, CA 92019 Solana Beach, CA 92075 (760148O-N16 (858,457'5901 (8511 1-5314 (760) 439-5201 (619) 670-3190 (858I7U~ 



10 HIATUS 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus 1 
Tell Your PaTents to Buy a 

Condo for Youl 
WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Us, th, mit monty to poy tot tilt 1rIOI'tfIGgt,., 
• You live In the condo for FREE, and .. . 
•. "your porents celn write off tht Intwat on tilt ntOrtgGft/ 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Fineslrealtor./rotmoll.com ' www.cbCG/lfornio.comltobln 

summer 
SLEEPOVER 

·Hurryl H .... l/lloot.I .. I. en .. 4/17/08. Prices.re per pe ...... , por night. Some -.Ictio .. -'Y. 
Alrfl,. I. eorrec11t time of prim Ind out of S<tn 0it00. Tu .. one! Ippllc:eble _ not Included 
CST "0175110-40 . 

743 4111 AWl" 1It Floor (619) 544.9632 'itdTRAVEL I 
UCSD Prici Clntlr 5t. 7& (858) 452.0630 I www.statravel.com ~I 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY. APRil 6. 2006 

recordings~ ----------
Hank Williams III ' 
• Strailllt to Hell 
BRUC 

When it comes to musical birthrights. famous sons/ second bananas like Jakob Dylan, Julian Lennon and Damien Marley have nothing on Hank 
WiUiams Ill . Grandson and uncannyvoca1 doppe1glnger 
of the king of country-western music (Hank Sr.), and son 
of fat-voiced '80s star Hank Jr., NO.3 has a lot of musical 
genius to live up to, 

Maybe that's why he picked up a reefer habit (how un-
country) and fled the scene to play in hardcore punk bands 
for a piece. Too bad then that Hank Ill's love for bands like 
Black Flag has become his gimmick - he's country music 
for the Warped Tour kids, playing it fast and loose and 
filled with barfights, rebellion and stumbling drunkenness 
- so, what's exactly wrong with that again? 

The first thing to be said about Straight to Hell: The 
band plays country music better than most Nashville 
sessioneers. Fiddle, banjo and steel guitar licks peel off 
the record like coked-out "Deliverance" outtakes, along 
with Ill's voice, most times like a raspier, pissed -off Sr. -
athough he can duplicate his grandpa's nasally wail , as in a 
minute 6 (of the 42 minute "secret" track) sadder-than-Sr. 
cover of "I Could Never Be Ashamed Of You." 

They rip through barnbum~rs and haystack ballads with 
a tight, weU-rehearsed focus. making for an authentic set 

Mogwai 
• Mr. Beast 
MATADOR 

*** With an album title like Mr. Beast, one would expect Mogwai's fifth record to be tilled with the most deafening, pulse-pounding and raw sounds ever to 
induce smaD earthquakes from one's speakers - and in 
some ways, the record delivers. 

Gripping, gultar-leadened tracks such as "Autorock" 
and "Glasgow Mega Snake" are reminiscent of soundtracks 
to blockbuster showdowns between the doomed villains 
and the supermen in tights. But Mogwai's weakness lies 
in its quieter, entirely forgettable numbers like "Acid 

of country tunes. The quick ones are the most remarkable, 
leaping from wrse to fiddle solo to pedal steel like ole Bob 
Willa' Texas Playboya, but fast almost to the breaking point. 
It's the perfect template to talk shit on Nashville's pop-trash, 
which, aIons with drinking and smoking (weed), is the 
story behind Hank Ill's music here, earning the album an 
extremely rare (for country) parental advisory sticker. 

If it were from any other musician, the anti-Nashville 
sentiment of Straight to Hell would seem forced, with lyr-
ics like "The kind of country J hear nowadays/It's a bunch 
of fucking shit to me" and "Let's get stoned and proud; but 
with the WiUiams heirloom vocals and the heUbiUy band 
behind him, the message comes out as strangely legitimate 
- who else but Hank Williams can teU the Nashville 
empire it has no clothes? 

He's got the voice, the chops, the band and the fightin' 
spirit to easily surpass his father, and make for himself a 
legend of which Hank Sr. wouJd be proud. Hopefully he'U 
decide to take the genre back from its corruptors (radio 
country), instead of simply cussin' 'em out from the bars 
and the punk dubs. because, if anyone can, Hank III will 
live up to the WWiams name. 

- Cody B. Nabours 
HIATUS EDITOR 

Food." Fans come away with the vague question of 
how they could have zoned out for a good third of the 
album. 

The song ordering doesn't help anything either, waver-
ing haphazardly between loud, throbbing rock and lethar-
gically soft melodies. The album sounds strangely unbal-
anced somehow - this beast comes off as more bipolar 
than ferocious. 

- Quynh Nhu Nguym 
STAH WRITER 

THURSDAY, APRil 6, 2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

I Tried to Make Anti-Flag Look Like a 
Bunch.of Fools, But h Seems I'm the Fool! 
Bias is the sparkplug of music journalism. While regular reporters are nominally expected to balance different sides of an 
issue, music writing only happens when some 
headphone twat gets worked -up enough to put 
down the bong and pick up the pen, their inevi-
tably huge ego exploding a proper mix of igno-
rance and prejudice. 

The notoriously acidic Anti-Flag, who 
signed to a major label seemingly in the wake of 
American Idiot's smash success, seemed perfect 
for an interview that would make them look as 
stupid as they distantly seemed. Political punk 
too often consists of some unschooled Pabst slob 
content to scream about how some leader or 
policy or country sucks with only a self-imposed 
tattoo and a cheap hangover as evidence. Almost 
completely unfamiliar with long-angry AF and 
their music, I stupidly thought 
I could trap cleverly moni-
kered drummer Pat Thetic iPort On 
into revealin& his own Bush-
bashing spew for the idiot- Rando 

polities and ideas a lot around the dinner table. 
My parents don't agree with many of the things 
that I'm interested in. 

(The most important credentia!.) 
G: Yeah, I've got conservative parents, too. 

Which is weird, because lots of my friends' par-
ents are old hippies. 

P: We don't have those in Pittsburgh. People 
are interested in workers' rights, but talk about 
gay rights and those kinds of issues and you run 
into a brick waD. 

Why am J surprised that you're not a homo-
phobe? But lets gel to the reol question, hehe. 

G: So why mix music and politics, anyway? 
P: We're inspired by music in the same way 

we're inspired by activism and social justice. It 
all made sense to us, Our ~eroes were always 
bands that put music and activism together. With 

music, we go onstage and we 
say it exactly how we want 
it to be. That's a very unique 
position to be in. 

fodder it most certainly was. m 
So J composed interview IAN S. PORT 

questions the way all hard-ass __ ..:.:...::..: ......... :...:::.:c..:.-: ..... =.c .... ~ .. _ 

OK, so thaI was a typical 
answer. But at least he men-
tioned ·social justiu." Thats, 
like, a big word. (~til'ism: 
mind you. is merely Joshion.) rock skeptics do: as a mini- I~,~~.~ 

quiz. If Thetic has enough gaD to put out endless 
angry punk records and ask to be considered 
inteUigent, he better be able to back his sting up 
with detailed knowledge. 

To show my journalistic bias for the bullshit 
prejudice and pretense it was, here's a rundown of 
the Political Punk Quiz as passed by Anti -Flag's Pat 
Thetic. My snide grading comments are in italics: 

Requisite first question about newalbumttour: 
Gll4lrdUm: So is For Blood And Empire any-

thing new? Is it even good? 
Pat Thetic: The new record fucking rocks my 

ass off. We've got some really interesting ideas. 
MUSically, we went in some directions that tradi -
tionaDy Anti-Flag wouJd be a lillie bit afraid of. 

G: Hmmm, interesting. Yawny reply. now for 
a 'real quiz question. What got you interested in-
politics? 

P: We grew up in Pittsburgh - it has a blue 
coUar, workers' rights kind of feel. Justin's parents 
were activists and had one of the first vegetar-
ian restaurants (there). My family just discussed 

But now for the meon reporter smart-bomb, bet-
ter-get-ready destructo ·query. 

G: So does being on a major labd (RCA) com-
promise your message, politiCS, or punkness? 

P: So far they've been accepting of what we've 
had to say and how we choose to say it and all 
that. It'U be interesting to see how the relation-
ship goes. I think that AF was very lucky because 
we're in a position of power [having already 
re.leased six albums by themselves[. 

Damn! Foiled again wilh a reasonable reply! 
But let's see how this complicity came about ... 

G: Were you guys actively looking for major 
labe.ls or did they come to you? 

P: There's been a lot of major labels whdve 
been wanting to talk to us for a few years now, and 
we told them from the beginning that unless you 
are wiDing to give us complete creative control of 
artwork, music, and Web site and those things, 
there was no point in us talking. Bllt RCA said 
yeah, weU let you create the music and the artwork 

[ ANTI-flAG, page 12 I 

Paid Adverlistmenl 

How Can I Make UCSD Better For YOU? 
www.Vote4Bryce.com 

HIATUS 11 

Vote At TritonLink 
.. . 

,. ..... .. .... ~ . 

• , ... ,' f t, . , "" 



12 HIATUS 

• 

ATTENTION 
...... IERI 

.... 

FlIAY 4.14.l1li 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

yOu ever useq stimu~h1:s tt~e 
cocaine, me,h, sgeed, Or Rtta Ii f\' 

a p~g)OOn-'Nf so, you rl;la~, 
. r ~~ehO/gible to partic!pat~ in a/ i 1\ 
IKSb Brain Imaging SttidJ\ 'j 
and ~ec~e $-t3EYand a Plcttfi~ Of!; 

yourbrairr~'rcomptete-.. J 
partici~ion. --

Associated Student Election coverage in this Monday's GUARDIAN! 

•• W AL.U ••• TI ,.1 .. IF THE ••• 
~ .• STO •• S .OW • * * *-•• LLlII •• TI •• 

.. 

EN. '\~11 T~i~: t~~()C~:~T C I~ I ~1I ~ ,\ I. S 
BARPaR 

WITH SPKOIAL aU •• T 

DAMIAN 
.In iJiI')~[' 

MARLEY 
LIVE & IN CONCERT 

www ......... r ... r .... t 

VIEJAS,~~~ Gmceru SUNDAY 
AUGUST 13 . BaprJe 

EMBARCADERO MARINA PARK SOUTH * DOWNTOWN BEHIND THE CONVENTION CENTER 
TI CKETS ON SALE N OW! ~~~\~S .~Yt.:~:L:ll~~J.~~ISI~A::I~ ~~~T'~dfl T:':~f'ICU:~~~~~TT~:~:~CE:: 
MM(tNQ .. AVAI..A8L.a ... no.: MIIfti(...a ~ ON,.... ~ or .......... ~ NfO C:C1N\IWImON cenwRWAY NIO LAHI: ~ ON.,.. ~ Of' ~AY NC ~ DNYa. 

........ ~WITH __ ~ .... _CP .......... ~_~ 

For complete information ao to ViejasEntertainment.com 

, ., •• , . t • I. t., . , ••. , . I" • I I •• 
t •• " t ••• ,. " •• , t ,.4'" i • 

THURSDAY, APRIL 6,2006 

News: Mohawks 
Don't Preclude 
. Intelligence 

• ANTI-FLAG, from page 11 
and the packaging that you want, and 
we'D put it in writing. We said wow 
- ~ actually didn't think that would 
happen. 

Now I'm retllIy slllrting to looIc like 
an twhok. I melli!, a rtporler. What 
shit "'" I talk about a major hWe/ 
these days, when they'" practically the 
same thing as independents anyway? 
My grip on the whltl of shame is 
loosening. Tht,sJlGrk plug is ineffective 
- his mixture is too damn heavy. So 
Iet~ hit the nitrous with a potentially 
belittling question. 

G: Do you think major label inter-
est in you guys had anything to do 
with the success of Am"i"", Idiot, 
another Bush-hating record with 
contrasty album an~ . 

P: I think there', a growing num-
ber of people who are disenchant-
ed with the Bush regime and who 
realize that unjust wars and ~ of 
empire are not what American sol-
diers should be dying for. In 1994 we 
were singing about the same things 
but nobody wanted to hear any of the 
ideas we were talking about. 

Nice dodge. But now for the I-dare-
you-to-tallc-shit question. 

G: Do you fed a kinship with other 
bands like Green Day who are just 
recently growing overtly political? 

P: 1 always have (elt that anybody 
who is willjng to talk about social 
justice and make art about social 
justice is a friend of mine. I'm "ot 
the kind of person who says, well, if 
you do the math more of our songs 
are about social justice than theirs so 
we are cooler than [them] - that's 
not the world of activism that I'm a 
part of. We actually did some shows 
with Green Day last year, they're 
good dudes and they're talking about 
things' that are important, so I think 
they're a great band. 

How are you possibly this nice? 
Don't you know you're on a major 
/abel? Don't you know this is a eoUege 
newspaper? Don't you know that Sid . 
Vicious snarled and lilce, ate babies and 
stuff? But if you're not a dick. maybe 
youre still ignorant.] know I'm digging 
myself into a hole here. but Iet~ _ what 
old Pat knows about the u.s. Gov't. 

G: Who is your least favorite 
political figure? 

P: Wolfowitz or Cheney are some 
of the most evil people that the 
American political system has seen 
in a long time. They come off as 
b<ing much less destructive and evil 
than they really are. This is true about 
Bush too. 

Cornet answer. But can a real 
punk ever say anything good about 
anything? 

G: And your favorite politician? 
P: We've had the amazing honor of 

being able to work with Congressman 
w Jim McDermott from Seattle. I'm sure 

he has to go home and explain to his 
constituency that he is working with 
a band called Anti-Flag and we're not 
a bunch of godless commies - or we 
may be, depends on which one you 
talk to. 

Again,fuck. 
G: If you could change any single 

American law, which one would you 
change? 

He has to fuek up this one. 
P: In the No Child Left Behind 

Act, there's a provision that says that 
schools that receive federal funding 
need to hand over the private records 
of their students. to military recruit-
ers. In schools we should be looking 
for something better than violence 
and WIt. We were told by members of 
Congress that if we can bring enough 
signatures and show them that people 
are interested in this issue, they will 
adopt legislation and try to change 
this law. 

See www.militaryfreewne.org to 
sign the petition, and then Goog/e my 
music-erit obitUllry. Pat Thetie scores a 
100 percent on the "I'm Not A Stupid 
Punk- quiz. Now if only their music 
)Vas more intel'tSting - ooohhh, I 
goteha there! 1 

THURSDAY, APRil 6, 2006 

EVENTS 
Free lift acoustic shows, ThurscUlys through 
Sundays. 7-1Opm, HOI' JAVA CAR, 11738 
Carmel MountJln R~, SIn DIego 858-
673-7111. See our calendar of events on 
myspace-we have featured some 0( San 
DIego Ind LA's hottest KOUstic acts. We 
are a great place to study, as ~ feature 
free high speed wlfl Inll!met access, great 
coffi!es, teas, boba teas, appetizers, sand-
wiches and sweets. 15~ OFF with ....... 
of Ihluel. (4110) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

TuE~1AN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD GuonJJan __ the right 10 duslfy"eclit. deIde offenslw ~ and pMrses. 
;ondlor refuse ;ony and ill ~ wtthoul prior nodIIcMIon. 1M AdwrtIser wli not 
hoIcIthe GuMdItm liable for lIlY claim. resulting from the publbtlon dthe ~t. 
The publisher win .so not be held ICcount;obie for ;ony claim from .n I9r-.-1 made 
be(ween the adwrtiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be ~ ~ the adwrII'" for mars. In order to be cornICWd In the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the correspond.,g dHdI~. Credit will only be 
gtwn for the Incorrect portion dthe.tvertisement lhtft .,. no rwfunds for c...:ebtlons. 

Classified LI N E 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per 20 -.II 
Faculty & Staff: $7.so per 20 wonts 

All Olhers: $11 per 20 wonk 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20." per column inch 
Dudllnes: 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
....... MIld. -. •• pan .... ca .......... 0" ... to: _Pub._Dot_. _DhpIoy....:..-'-Ad_. ___ L_lne_Ad_._ 
UC50 ~ AnII: 0 ....... .,.. a- DrIw ...,1-..u JoIe, CA '2Ot'. -. 4 .... MOIl I wi! 4 .... MOIl 1 ... 
Aca.l1ocMIon: SCuINnt c-It, ..... 217. ",..,.. 4 .... TH I wi! 4 .... TH I wi! 

Eyebllnk Study - Males needed, 18-35, rt-
handed, drug free, no psychiatric hlstory. 
Earn up to $2601 Call 619-543-2314. M-F, 
9-4. UCSDMC. (4/6) 

emal: ~~.com • Classifieds online at www.uadguardim.org 

EMPLOYMENT 

Gymnastics InstructOrs wanttd - SoIlna 
Beach, elementary-aged children. Pays $8-
14/hr., experience/productivity/person· 
allty matter. Hours available Mon. -Thurs. 

THE WINE AND 
CHEESE SHOP 

, afternoons. Sal mornings. 858-481-4966 
or www.trcgymnastics.com (4120) 

A Specialty Food BOlilitjlle 
7930 Ivanhoe Ave. 
Fax (858) 456-1013 

JOIN OUR TEAM 
Sharp, clean, neat, honesr, and 
reliable. Experience preferred/ 
helpful in cheese and wine food 

service, sales, cashiering, 
customer service, food 

preparation $6.75 - $8.00 per/bt. I Apply in person Bam to I <lam or 
3pm to 7pm Mon - Sun 

I Stephanie Ota (559) 229-5242 I 
.."..-. ........ I.nte I 

• FlU CIIIH Ex.516106 

s-o.,c.mps -L.A.AnIo. Swimming. 
, horses, sports. Irts and crafts, beaches. 

rQPeS courses, and much more .www.day-
campjobs.com. (5/30) 

RewIIrdIng S- Jabs- LA. Ala. Gain 
valuable expertence while working with 
children In a vanety of fun settings www. 
dayc:ampjobs.com. (5/30) 

CROSSWORD 

ACIIOSS 54 Hools 

SUmmer Day Camp Counselors Needed! 
Stay here In San DIego; Drift a camp van 
to and from camp in Rancho i>enasqultos 
Oust east 04 Carmel Valley). Make a differ-
ence in the life of a chlldl 856-487.alOO, 
www.outpostsummercamps.com (4127) 

Day Camps - San Fernando / ConeJo 
Valleys. Counselors, Lifeguards, Gym, 
Fishing, Canoeing, Horseback Riding, 
Music. Drama, More. S3ClOO-S3600+ / sum-
mer. 888-784-cAMP, www.workatcamp. 
com (5/8) 

Love music? Love money? .. CTRAX'I 
UCSD Campus MaIIIIting ~ $10/ 
hr. More info about this cool, flexible job at 
www.cdlglx.comtcampusjobs.asp (4110) 

PlychDIDIYISocioIogr student(s) needed 
to gather research for book topics. Good 
pay, Short term work- Contac1 WTR at 760-
7~ 1293. Leave message. (416) 

ut.guenIIWSI. The City of La Mesa's 
Municipal Pool Is accepting applications 
for ~uifds and Water s.fety Instructors. 
Certifications are required. Application 
deadline Is April 21, 2006. AppIkatlons are 

14 Htediesoly 1 BruiN.n dances 
7 Eslimated the value of 
15 SchooIlidpper 

56 Expected 10 arrive 
57 E ..... ry 

20 Canter ex troI 
24 Some _""'ins 
27 Low in pilCh 16 Whole'. blowhole 

17 Co..,.I"... anti·lcnock rati~ 
18 360-dogree view 
l' /lrboreal rna....,.al 

59 _II muok:al pi""es 
61 /\chi....,I ..... 
63 Old Wortd lizards 
64 CoIoniIlt' claire 
6S /lnri_ 10. catae 

2' 0..,... and o.i1ey 
32 Cdf coune huon! 
34 Am.- _ Oay 
36 Certain 

available at La Mesa Pool. 5100 Memorial 
Drift, La Mesa, Callfonila 91941. Call (619) 
667·1494 fOf additional Information. (4/6) 

Pool &. Landscape Cleaning&. Maintenance 
at the new Canyonview pool. Shifts avail-
able between Sam-12 noon, Mon.-Sun. 
Minimum shift Is 2 hours, 8·19 hrslweek. 
Must be UCSD student. See job '619065 at 
careers.ucsd.edu or call 534-6035. (4/13) 

A+$uBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. $725.$1050 houIfy 
c.IIJacld 

(858)565-2144 
Telemarketers needed. Flexible 
day and evening hours. Hourly + 
commlsslon~lCCeilent pa)'. Friendly, fun 
work environment. Call Scott, 858-792-
1041. email sjohnsonohiclending.com 
(4/6) 

... 0.11 Campus .... urn $12J1v. Make 
your own hours and gain amazing expe· 
rience for your resume! Position starts 

21 Flourioh on • I_ 
n RK1!Irack *'P 
23 Frig/llens . 

66 Desen condilion 
61 Hif11land 8'1. 

38 HI ..... COUll ardor 10 • lower court 
3' Hoofed rna","",1 

2S 1IaJb:tboI1.,... Monroe 
26 e..., 
28 WIII",,",", • ..,uy 
30 Hound IOU01II 
31 "The _. dromotIot 
33 C ...... oIfour 3S _0-. 
37 HoII ........ 
41 a..., 
45 Moop 

46~._ 

49 OItbodl 
51 M .... 1IItoIIIy 
5ZT ... ........ 

DOWN 
ObsIruction 
SIomi IS records 
UndeIJP ... sonedc chi. 
Semitic doity 
Mollo and P"",," 
FlU odor 
Moll", 
MDII ....... 

, r .............. oIcht .. 1ow 
10 Godol_ 
" H""*<....-vor. 
I Z s.:nd beoIIe 
u _V"'dIy 

40 E ....... siz ... 
42 Beots with fil1l 
43 ConQins in a bole 
44 MJI1hgms 
46 Old r ..... mencl"'Jllhel 
47 T..-:! advisor 
41 Seuoned .. ...." 50 Iun1> the _ 
53 __ ocol_ 
SS Rhofol ....... 
51 T ..... comer 60_"_ 
62 ......... _ 

See IOlUl1ON5 on P. 3 

Immediately.To apply, go to: Repnatlon. 
com/dell (4/6) 

Part-llml ......... or walter for Mon.-Sat. 
Night shift. 4:15-9:15, day shift 10:30-2:30. 
MATSUGAWA, Fine Japanese dining in 
downtown Del Mar. 858~92-1150 (Angie, 
Gen. Mgr), Justin 858-204-4831. (4110) 

Professional mom In Clairemont area needs 
someone to spend late afternoons with 
2-yr. old son. $101hour, 10-12 hourS/wk 
between 2:OOpm~:OOpm. Previous child-
care experience preferred. If interested, 
please email kimang75@yi1hoo.com. (4/6) 

Chlldcare for 1 y.o. Must be available 7am 
to 2pm Mondays OR Thursdays. Flexible 
evening and weekend work. References 
and experience required. $10Ihr. Contact 

cdkatzl~ahoo.com. (4/6) 

FOR RENT 
3, 4, 5-bedroom house/town houses 
for rent near UCSD. Available July. 2-car 
garage. washer/dryer&. appliances, com-
munity pool. Call James, 858-354-2106 
or email jamesleerentalS@5bcglobal.net. 
(4/6) 

3-bedroom near UTe, UCSO, available 
September. Washer&. dryer included. Near 
bus line, $ 1950/month. Call (858)792-5934. 
(4113) 

FOR SALE 

Economics 2nd edition for .11 Econ I, 2, 3-
S65-good condition. Email klle(llUCsd.edu 
or call 619-793-6988 (4110) 

La Jolla Townhome: Beautiful rernodeIed 
3br125bath In superb location close to 
UTe, UCSO. New appliances, brick patio. 
$554,900. Contact Ellis, 858-442'()702. 
(4110) 

WANTED 

WANTED: exceptional Egg Donors Needed. 

ClASSIFIEDS 13 

$8000-$15000 for qualified, responsible 
applicants. All ethnic backgrounds wel-
come. Special Need for Jewish, Asian, and 
EJst Indian donors. Oose personal support 
by experienced donor. Call Dawn 0951 -
696-7466. Full Info at _w.fertHityalterna-
tives.com (618) 

SERVICES 
Actor/Model portfolios by local experi-
enced photographer. Affordable packages! 
Jumpstart your career. 858-822-9280. (4/6) 

Tennis @ Noon - USPTR Instructor will 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 min. 
~son any time between 11-2, loll-F. UCSD 
special: 1 or 2 playeri-S20. Call 619-787-
5475 (4/27) 

PERSONALS 

Adm8n'1 McwiII Trivia. Our lazy audience 
had no interest In Monday's question. The 
restaurant where Joanna worktd In "Office 
Space" was based on the TGI Friday chain. 
Maybe this Monday's quiz will have more 
flair. (4/6) 

Prime candidate for next year's "Razzies' is 
the mega flop Basic Instinct II. No one will 
even use the rewind and pause buttons 
this time. Sharon. (4/6) 

Stand by, Darwin Awards: A teacher in 
Ventura, CA blew off part of his hand by 
squashing a bug with a 40mm shell he 
kept on his desk as a "paperweight." (4/6) 

S L \ 1 !\ 1 U{ 0 f 
) OllR 1.111 ! 

<. \ \ 1 I' \ \';\ " " I 
lOR CIRl S 

Oilldretls' sleep-away camp, 
Northeast Penn.sylvanid 

(6/17-8/13/06). if you love 
children and want a caring, fun 

environment we need 
Directors and Instructors for: 

Tennis, Swimming (W.s.l. 
preferred), Golf, Gymnastics, 
Oteerleading, Drama, High &t 

Low Ropes, Team Sports, 
Waterskiing, Sailing, 

Painting/Drawing, Ceramics, 
SiIkscreen. Printmaking, Batik. 

J~elry, Calligraphy, 
Photography; Sculpture, 

Guitar, Aerobics, Self-Defense, 
Video, Piano. Other staff: 

Administrative/Driver (21+), 
NU1'11e8 (RN's and Nursing 

Students), Bookkeeper, 
Mothers' Helper. 

Select The. Camp That 
Selects The Best Staff! 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
APIUL 9th. Call1-800-~9 

or apply on-line at 
fUWW.umpwaynegirls.C01It 

.... 



14 SPORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Learn about a new way fo 

Student Securities PAY for college 
s.curlng JOur futu,.. 

www.studentsecurities.com 

FOIl! 

I. I • I'" I' •••• , I • , •• !' 04 ••••• ill, I I •••••••••• t... I •• ' .... ,.... ." • 
• • • , ••• I ••• • I I ... . .... . ......... I , • , , 

THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 2006 

Doubles Play 
Lifts No. 13 

Men's Tennis 
• S1RfAK, from page 16 
able 8-0 lead Meister was tilt only 
one who reaUy encountered resistance 
from his opponent, Miknlasek, seeing 
his match go to three sets, with Meister 
corning away with the 7-6, 3-6, 10-4 
victory. 

The Jut singles win came from 
Ramesh Thondapu, whose 6-4, 6-1 
dismissal of the Vulcans' Fuyuki 
Samejima gave the Tritons their sec-
ond-straight 9-0 victory. 

The first one came on April I, 
when the Tritons hosted Sonoma State 
and the University of Hawaii-Pacific 
for a doubleheader. The 9-0 shutOut 
came against Sonoma State in the later 
match, with Meister, Molden, Rubens, 
Oechel (making his singles debut) and 
Negishi leading the way with victories 
each in singles and doubles. However, 
the Tritons did not have such an easy 
time facing No. 31 Hawaii -Pacific. 

The match started with singles play, 
with each school winning three apiece. 
Rubens, Meister and Thondapu were 
UCSD's winners and made the doubles 
competition the deciding factor. 

"' had never played singles before 
doubles:' Meister said. "' knew it was 
going to be tough with the pressure 
on for the doubles matches, but Erik 
always has unbelievable energy and it 
helps me on the court." 

In the first doubles match, Oijala 
and Meister Iiv¢ up to the.ir title as 
UCSD's top tandem, beating Sonoma 
State's Andrew Laing and Westly 
Keister in an 8-1 victory. 

Molden and Oechd clinched the 
victory for the Tritons as they defeated 
Andy Muesse and Migud Camino 8-4. 
Rubens and Negishi tallied an 8-4 win 
in the last match, bringing the ~a1 
score to 6-3 in favor of the Tritons. 

After IO-straight home games, the 
Tritons will have to face their foes on 
the road, when the team squares off 
against cross-town rival Point Lorna 
Nazarene University on April 11. 

Women's 
Tennis Eyeing 
. Regionals 

• ALOHA, from page 16 
the No. 1 and 2 spots, respectively. 

Following the regular sea-
son, the Tritons will try their luck 
at the National Collegiate Athletic 
Association Division II West Regional 
Tournament. Assuming the rankings 
do not change, UCSD will face the No. 
7 .team. If the Tritons win, they Will 
advance to play Hilo again. 

Only the top two regional teams 
qualify for nationills, and LaPlante is 
well aware of the challenge ahead. 

"BYU Hawaii always goes [to 
regionaIsJ ... it's between us and Hilo." 
she said. "Last year, we beat them at 
home to go to florida, but this year we'D 
have to beat them on their courts." 

UCSD faces off against Cal State 
Los Angdes on April 8 to begin its 
bomestretch for the regular season. 

MYHUO. 
IUALAaLA' .... 

THURSDAY, APRil£>, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Paid Adverli.emen'. 

UCSD Clericals 
WHERE'S YOUR RAISE? 
Other campuses received their raises already. This isn't 
rocket science, it's a 3.5% increase. How hard is that to 
implement? There's no reason for you not to have 
received your $180 bonus. The contract was ratified Feb. 
17. Whafs the hold-up? 

WHERE'S THE PENSION CRISIS? 
UC's pension continues to m~ke money. The losses in 

annual earnings UC worries about are only future projections. 
This is an imaginary crisis. Nevertheless, starting in 2007. UC 

wants to deduct money from your paychecks for pension 
contributions. They're also considering converting our 

pension plan, which is currently managed by experts, 
into a 401k-style plan, in which you would be person-

ally responsible for choosing how your pension 
funds are invested. Make a bad deciSion, and 

whoops-there goes your retirement moneyl If the 
present system isn't broken, why fi,:, it? 

",,,oa AElAl"lo~ WHERE'S YOUR REPRESENTATION? UCSD main campus Labor Refations and Vice-Chancellor 
Rogers Davis refuse to allow our most successful steward, 
Chris Hertzog, to handle grievances. If you are fired, laid off, or 
discipl.ined, Chris is banned from representing you. This is 
illegal and CUE Local 5 has filed charges against UCSD. but it 
will take a while to reinstate Chris. Right now grievances are 
being needlessly delayed (another illegal action). This kind of 
corporate-style union-busting was typical of the way Labor 

P ~ 
"NO 1'IOMl11NtCE· 
Q4RlS HEIl'fZ,OGl } 

Relations operated under Chancellor Dynes. Is Chancellor Fox 
going to allow LR to break the law under her watch? 

LookIng for pIIId work experience7 want to 
help others while developing marketable 
sldl1s7 Becomea CGTHf' Peer Eductnort 

II 
·11 
II 
II 

Attend an Info session to hear about the 
job descriptions, training process, and 
application proceduresl 
Tuesday. 4/11 • 9:30a.m.- l0:00a.m. 
Wednesday· 4/19 • 4:00p.m.-4:30p.m. 
Monday • 4124 • 11 :OOa.m.-l1 :30a.m. 

Application dHdUne Is May 1, 2006 

Applications are available online at: 
http://Qreer.ucsd.eduig/CPEProgram.shtml 

II Live """ worIt ;n the NltiDn's CApitAl! 
II &m UC crwJit! 

Learn about the UCDC requirements, 
deadlines, and 'appllcaflon process at 
an upcoming info session: 
Thursday • 4/6 • 12:30p.m.- 1 :30p.m. 
Friday • 4/7 • 11 :OOa.m.-12:00p.m. 
Monday· 4/10 • 11 :OOa.m.- 12:00p.m. 
Thursday. 4/13 • 3:30p.m.- 4:30p.m. 
Tuesday, • 4/18 • 11 :OOa.m.- 12:00p.m. 
Wednesday· 4/26 • S:OOp.m.-6:00p.m. 

CUE RAISE & 
REP RALLY 

WHEN: Mon. April '10, 12 to 1 pm 
WHERE: Meet at the Sun God and 

march to Chancellor Fox's office ' 
Bring a noisemaker! 

If you can't make the rally, you can 
participate at your convenience without ~\ 

leaving your chair. On your break, phone, 
email, or fax Chancellor Fox, and ask-her: 
1. Process our raise, bonus, and retro 
pay immediately. 
2. Don't change our pension plan: leave 
it as is. 
3. Remove Labor Relations' illegal 
boycott of CUE steward Chris Hertzog 

Chancellor Marye Anne Fox 
Phone: (858) 534-3135 
Fax: (858)534-6523 

Email: chancellor@ucsd.edu 

Getting ready to graduate from UC~D? 
Need a great job ASAP? Try our convenient 
On-Campus Interviewing program! 

II 
II 
II 
II 

Top employers are coming to campus 
this quarter to recruit for special full-time 
and internship positions outside of our 
regular listingsl Companies like: 

The Capital Group • Norac Pharma 

Progressive Insurance· GEICO 

VIsion RobotIcs • Enterprise Rent-A-Car 

See who else Is coming and request an interview 
a~ http://cal'Hr.ucsd.edu/sa/OCIHome.shtml 

. VIt'W OUI IH'W <,prlll'] Ev""t~ (,IIt'lld,H ,It (,neN u(Sd edu 
·c S' C t Lo(,ltedoIlLlbralyW<llk cHt'pr erVlce\ P'1 t'r 
--~- HSH.')34.3750 

, .... "" .. , . 

• , • • , 'I 1/ .. t • r ~ • , 

15 



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael Entem 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

THE~GuARDiAN 
SPORTS 

HOT CORNER 

Track & Field 
The men's and women's teams finished fifth 

and sixth, respectively, at the CaVNevada 
State Collegiate Championship on March 31 

and April 1, beating out many D-l schools 
and picking up 10 NCAA qualifying marks. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 2006 _____ .. ________________ _ 

Women's Tennis Splits Matches Against Island Squads 
No. 17 Tritons earn 
6-3 win over Hawaii-
Pacific, but fall 4-5 in 
close match against 
No. 10 Hawaii-Hilo. 

By Danai Leininger 
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

Before the University of Hawaii-
Hilo women's tennis team returned 
to its island paradise, it bid the UCSD 
squad an irksome "aloha." 

The VuJcans were one of two 
Hawaiian teams to visit the mainland 
this weekend,' with the University of 
Hawaii-Pacific crew also venturing 
across the Pacific to battle UCSD in 
a howpown between the region's top 
contenders. While the Tritons were 
victorious in an easy 6-3 win over 
Pacific on April I, they fell to Hilo in 
a disappointing 4-5 loss the follOwing 
day. The loss drops No. 17 1]C 0 to 
8-6 on the season. 

In singles play against Hawaii-
Pacific, junior Marsha Malinow 
downed Anastacia Ageychik, 6-4, 6-1, 
and freshman Ina Dan came from 
behind to earn a three-set· victory 
over Isidora Ljuri. Sophomore Justine 
Fonte easily handled Aradna Verdejo 
to provide another tally for the Tritons, 
who lost their other three matches to 
split singles play with Pacific. 

UCSD's doubles play remained 
the Tritons' stalwart, with all three 
tandems making haste of the slug-
gish Pacific players. In the closest of 
the matches, juniors Katie McKee and 

Kristin Bronowicki outlasted oppo-
nents Ageychik and Ljuri in an 8-6 
fmal. It was the eighth win in 13 
matches for the qoubles pair. 

According to head coach Liz 
LaPlante, the Tritons' doubles per-
formance has been outstanding and 
dependable throughout the season. 

"Doubles is crucial to the outcome 
of the match;' she said. "If you can 
be up going into singles, it definitely 
helps." 

Despite the success against Pacific, 
No. 10 Hil" proved to be a tougher 
opponent, subduing the Tritons' top 
three singles players, Malinow, McKee 
and Dan and their No. 1 doubles squad 
on its way to victory. All losing singles 
players fell in straight sets, and the usu-
ally battling doubles duo of McKee and 
Bronowicki also went quietly. 

laPlante said she expected tough 
competition from both island teams. 

"We had been gearing up for the 
two Hawaii matches all season;' she 
said. "They are both strong teams and 
a lot rides on the outcome for region-
al .. s. 

McKee agreed, adding that the 
teams' strength was no surprise. 

"Hilo is always one of our toughest 
matches;' she said. "It could have gone 
either way:' 

One bright spot for the Tritons 
against Hilo was Fonte, who defeated 
Akimi Kifune in dominant fashion, 6-
2, 6-1. With the win, Fonte maintained 
her undefeated season, bringing her 
win total to seven. 

According to Fonte, her success is 
due in large part to her composure. 

"I've been playing a lot more relaxed 

GREG DALE/GUARDIAN 
Junior Katie McKee alld the rest of the of the UCSD women's tennis team have four league matches remaining before the NCAA Division II 
West Regional tournament May 4 and 5. The Tritonsfell to Hilo last weekend and may face the Vulcans again in the the tournament. 
this season;' she said "I've played with the Tritons' losses have been decided With the majority of the season 
more consistency and made my oppo- by one match, showing that the team behind them, the Tritons hope to fin-
nent work for each point while I just could easily be 11-3 instead of8-6. ish their campaign on a strong note, 
waited for the opportunity to put the LaPlante echoed her team's frus- facing four league opponents in six 
shot away" tration, but was optimistic about the matches in the upcoming weeks. Their 

While losing is justifiably frus - Tritons' future success against Hilo. weekend results kept them at third in 
trating, UCSD has reason to bemoan "Our 5-41055 to Hilo is disappoint- the region, with only Brigham Young 
the most recent loss because it was ing; she said. "Unfortunately, they University of Hawaii and Hilo ahead in 
yet another close series that tipped were just better that day, but I'm confi-
in favor of the enemy. In fact, half of dent we can beat them next time:' [ ALOHA, page t 4 ] 

Tritons Stay Perfect Against D-II Schools GOlf ANISHES NINTH AT SONOMA STATE INVITATIONAl. 

GREG DALE/GUARDIAN 
Sophomore Blake Meister and the UCSD men's tennis team have been 011 a tear since starting the season 0-6. With tlwir most reamt 9-0 win 
over the University of Hawaii-Hilo Vulcans, the No. 13 Tritons improved to 9-8, including a perfect 5-fJ rtaJrrl against Division-II opponents. 

No. 13 men's tennis 
improves win streak 
to three games with 
9-0 win oyer the 
No. 32 Vulcans. 

By Rae! Entem 
SPORTS EDITOR 

With a 9-0 win over the University 
of Hawaii-Hilo on April 3, the No. 
13 men's tennis team improved its 
overall record to 9-8, a positive turn-
around from the Tritons' 0-6 start to 
lhe season. 

UCSD came into the last match 
of a lO-game homestand, against the 
No. 32 Vulcans, with two wins in their 
last two tries, including another 9-0 
clobbering of Sonoma State. The most 

• , • • " ••• I •• ~ 
I • ~ • f 

recent 9-0 shutout keeps the Tritons 
undefeated against NCAA Division-II 
opponents this year with a 5-0 mark. 

To keep their streak alive, the 
Tritons needed the usual strong play 
of their dominant doubles duos, which 
took out all three of their Vulcan 
counterparts for a 3-0 lead going into 
singles play. 

The Tritons' No. 1 and the nations' 
No. 19 pair of Erik Oijala and Blake 
Meister managed an 8-5 win, while 
Brent Molden and Steven OecheI 
notched an 8-4 victory. The last duo, 
No.3 Eric Rubens and Kazumi Negishi 
kept the doubles squad perfect with 
their 8-5 win over the Vulcans' Mitchel 
Gelina and Tomas MikuJasek. 

Meister said he attributes his and 
Oijala's doubles play to experimenting 
with new methods. 

"Erik and 1 have a unique style 

called I-form or renegade style," ' 
Meister said "it's great because it cov-
ers up our weaknesses and plays to our. 
strengths. We didn't use it as effectively 
last year, but we've been practicing and 
it has really payed off this season:' 

No matter how good their doubles 
teams are, the Tritons' matches still 
put twice the emphasiS on singles play. 
Although their doubles have been 
more consistent this year, UCSD's 
singles play has been anything but 
second rate. In singles play, the Tritons 
used a combination of their doubles 
players and fresh legs from the bench. 
Nationwide No. 50 Molden, Rubens, 
Meister, Oijala and Negishi all showed 
their stamina, winning each of their 
singles matches fresh off doubles victo-
ries to give the Tritons an insurmount-

[ STREAK, page 14 ] 

...... t • I •• , t ..... " •• t ....... , ... t I , , 
.... t ......... .... ... . ........ I. . , 

-----..---

J 


