
HOUSING IS THE ANSWER TO THE STUDENT SATISFACTION RIDDLE ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

MINORITIES 
LAG IN 

SCIENCES 
Latinos and blacks 
show interest in 
technology, but aren't 
finishing their work, a 
new study finds. 

By Erilw Cervantes 
STAFF WRITER 

Black and Latino college students 
are less likely to finish degrees in 

~S.T.E.M." fjelds - science, technol-
ogy, engineering and math - than 
their white and Asian counterparts, 
according to a new study released by 
the American Council on Education. 

The repon used U.S. Department 
of Education statistics, tracking 12,000 
undergraduates who enrolled in col-
lege in fall 1995. 

The results showed that, while 
black and Latino students began col-
lege with the intent to major in techni-
cal fields at rates comparable to whites 
and Asians, problems surfaced later in 
their academic careers. 

By spring 2001. about 87 percent 
of whites and 95 percent of Asians 
completed their bachelor's degrees in 
the fields, compared to only 63 percent 
of blacks and Latinos, according to 
the report. Eugene Anderson, associ-
ate director of the Center for Policy 
Ana1ysis at A.C.E., spearheaded the 
report with Dongbin Kim, an assistant 
professor of teaching and Ieadership at 
the University of Kansas. 

~Our ana1ysis seems to dispel the 
commonly held belief that African-
American and Hispanic students aren't 
interested in majoring in S.T.E.M. 
fields," Anderson stated in a press 
release. "We find that these students 
do pursue these majors and persist 
beyond the third year, but are not 
earning enough credits each year to 
attain a degree within six years:' 

. Among the key differences 
between those who completed a 
degree and those who did not were 
the common factors associated witb 
successful college- careers; a large 
percent.age of degree-earners took "a 
highly rigorous high school curricu-
lum;'· had at least one parent who 
graduated from college, or came 
from families with higber incomes, 
according to the report. 

One factor the report strong· 
ly emphasized was the impact of 
working on academic performance. 
Students who did not complete their 
degrees were more likely to work 15 
hours a week or more, according to 
Kim. 

~Of the students whose major was 
S.T.E.M., there is a negative corre-
lation between working more than 
15 hours weekly and grades [during 
their 1 first year," Kim said. "By con, 
trast, there is a positive correlation 

[STUDY. page 7] 

HIATUS 

Watts Dodges Election Grievance Over Ubel 
Council chair and A.S. who claims that Watts' More Truth 

About UCSD publication libeled sev· 
presidential candidate eral members of .the A.S. Council. 

ttl d' t including Khanna se e ISpU e away In the newspape[, Watts pub. 
from campus el~ctions Lished pictures of Khanna in his 
committee. A.S. office with bottles of alcohol, 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

A.S. presidential candidate 
Daniel Watts was close to receiving 
this election year's fmt grievance, 
which could have potentially meant 
his disqualification from a race that 
both candidates hoped would be free 
of bureaucratic snags. 

Thurgood Marshall College 
Student Council Chair Denis Shmidt 
fLIed the complaint against Watts 
with the A.S. Elections Committee 
on April 10, bypassing a truce Watts 
and competitor Harry Khanna struck 
earlier this year. The accord between 
the two was meant to settle disagree-
ments outside of campus judicial 
bodies. so that students could ~exer­
cise democracy without the inter-
ference of stupid little problems;' 
Khanna said. 

an apparent violation of university 
policy. Khanna currently serves on 
the council as vice president of aca-
demic affairs. 

"If you have to be in your office, 
student-funded, partying and getting 
a free parking pass (Khanna gets 
one) and SI,500 a year (A.S. pay 
themselves), Bacardi's not a bad way 
to gOo· Watts wro~e in the publica-
tion. 

In addition, Watts accused A.S. 
councilmembers of misusing stu-
dent funds. Receipts Watts obtained 
through the California Public Records 
Act show that former Vice President 
External Kevin Mann, a supporter of 
Khanna's campaign, purchased shot 
gJasses with A.S. funds on a council-
sponsored lobbying trip. 

"A.S. will not fund student· run 
events with alcohol, but they will 
apparently buy alcohol ~araphernalia 
for themselves, with YOUR student 
fees:' Watts wrote in his publication. 

KAlA lAIICU"-RDMN-
Sixth Colltge Ekctions MIlIKIgU Danish Vaiyani adlJertises the AS. elections. A grievance filed by 
Thurgood Marshall Colltge Student Council Chair Denis Shmidt aNacked campaign tactics. 

The grievance, however, did not 
reach an official hearing. as Watts 
and Shmidt settled their disagree-
ment unofficially. 

Watts' alleged violations are any-
thing but small, according to Shmidt, 

In the issue, Watts also said Matt 
Corrales. an independent candidate 
for vice pre ident external, of being 

[ GRIEVANCE. page 3 1 

---------- RESEARCH FOR THE FUTURE----------

Camp~ Rakes In Stem Cell Funds 
Research award from 
state agency places 
UCSD second in 
system. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

The first funds from California's 
stem cell agency have been dis· 
tributed, with UCSD receiving 
the third largest amount among 
all institutions that were given 
money. 

The campus received SI .2 
million for training programs 
under the direction of Lawrence 
Goldstein, a professor of cellular 
and molecular medicine at UCSD 
School of Medicine and the author 
of Proposition 71, which cre-
ated the California Institute for 
Regenerative Medicine. The pro-
gram wiD enroll 16 scientists - six 
doctoral students, four postdoc-
toral fellows and six clinical fellows 
- at several graduate programs at 
UCSD. 

"Our goal is to train a cadre 
of young scientists and clinicians 
who can apply their background 
to basic stem cell research, poten-
tially leading to the development 
of new approaches to understand-
ing and treating human diseases;' 
Goldstein stated in a press release. 

GREG DAlE/CU"-RDIAN 
A postdoctoral student in Lawrence Goldstein's lab conducts stem cell research. The 
compus has just received itsj;rstjunding, $1.2 million,from the state's stem cell agency. 

In total, 16 nonprofit institu-
tions received S12.1 million in 
grants from the CIRM to train 
stem cell researchers and develop 
the scientific field. 

Funding for the grants came 
from the sale of S 14 million in 
"bond anticipation notes" to six 
California philanthropic entities, 
which will be repaid if the agen-
cy wins ' lawsuits challenging the 
state's 53 billion stem cell research 
program. 

Two of the organizations are 
headed by John Moores and Irwin 
Jacobs. who have long been sup-

porters of UCSD research. 
Robert Klein, chairman of the 

Independent Citizens' OverSight 
Committee, expressed optimism 
about nearing his goal of S50 mil-
lion for the bonds. 

~These awards are especially 
imponant because they are the first 
investment in stem cell research 
for this agency," said Arlene Chiu, 
the agency's director of scientific 
programs. ~We are starting from 
the ground up." 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Campus 
Pairs With 

Aussies 
By Charles Nguyen 

NEWS EDITOR 

UCSD and Australian research· 
ers will partner in a promising col-
laboration on stem cell research, the 
university announced earlier this 
week. 

California has long been the cen-
ter of stem cell research, especially 
since the approval of Proposition 
71, which opened the way for $3 
billion in taxpayer money to be 
allocated over the next decade to 
the research effort. 

The campus recently entered a 
consortium between the Burnham 
Institute. the Salk Institute for 
Biological Studies and the Scripps 

- Research Institute that it hopes will 
help access funding under the voter-
approved initiative. 

The research grants have been 
blocked by lawsuits brought by two 
taxpa'yer groups claiming that the 
California [nstitute for Regenerative 
Medicine - which is supposed to 
dole out the research funding -
violates the state constitution . 

Australian stem cell officials, 
however, have already promised the 

r AUSTRALIA, page 7] 

SPORTS INSIDE WEATHER 
San Clemente Sleuth A Close Slice New Business ......................... 3 Editorials .................................. 4 , 
A Southern California high school student 
turns detective in a new take on noir films. 
page 8 

Women's tennis suroives a 5-4 contest to 
win over Vanguard University. 
page 16 

letters to the Editor .............. 5 
Druthers ................................ 11 
Classifieds ..... ..... .......... ......... 13 
Crossword ........................... .. 13 

Apnl13 Apnll J 
H74L55 H64LS3 

ApnilS Apnl16 
H62 LS3 H66LS2 



2 NEWS 

SUSIE S.D. 

CURRENTS ------
Gene Therapy 

Helps Alzheimer's 
An experimental gene therapy 

developed by a UCSD research 
team has been shown to slow the 
onset of Alzheimer's disease by 
as much a~ two years, although it 
does not prevent the degenerative 
memory disorder from eventually 
progressing forward . 

Led by neuroscience professor 
Mark Tuszynski, the team intro-
duced cells that were genetically 
modified to produce a substance 
ca lled nerve growth factor in the 
brains of volunteers. In areas of the 
brain where neurons were dying 
the fastest, the specia l cells acted 
as pumps and delivered NGF to 
surrounding tissue, slowing its 
degeneration. 

mals from deep sea habitats over a 
period of 15 years and (ound. that in 
some areas, the fish population had 
increased threefold, presumably as 
a result of more food becoming 
available for the animals. This was 
mo.st likely due to ocean fluctua-
tions caused by environmental con-
ditions known as EI Nino and La 
Niiia, which affected in the ocean's 
temperature. 

The researchers say their find-
ings demonstrate that animals in 
the deep sea live in an ecosys-
tem in which food supply directly 
correlates with popu lation levels, 
called a "bottom-up control," rath-
er than a "top-down control" situ- . 
at ion in which predator pressure 
determines the amou nt of ava il-
able prey. 

Web Chats Allow 
Student Input for UC 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRil 13, 2006 

_IoQlof 

\1adImir~ 
IonS. -.,-

_Miklos c.,,-
Hell,,", Welles 

Chorles Nguyen 

--....... McArdIe --_ .... 

_Moddon 0pI0I00 ..... 
~c.mp 

-.lilt 0fI0i00"'" 
bOIlftI_ 

..... -
Oono/lM,.... 

--.... -~Pae 

--
_ ...... 

----CooIr~ Nobours ........ 
Chri_CIod< 

A-tIIt .... _ 
c;;aeIlef_ 

BiIlyW""II 
..... -

AIe.-, V.,ond 

----Andrew Nguyen ~_ 

Riley s.lot1'·!'ear", AII_ 
_AaoItIIoI 
MoII'-L'_ 

Rich.nlChol. ~=, ..., .... lJIIto u..-. _ WIIIoo 
Ninl lui, Chrit=:Ol\"f ...... ' gil 

-..0 .... 
Kothe_ MtQI ....... ClIIoooI~ 

Ml<hoelf-' -...~ 
~T ... ............ -.. 

VonceGI.".,..., -......-

~e_-""'0111_ 

''''''R ... ~ 
--

Kim-l<qL .. T_lodIin 
AM ............. ...,... 

GeoII' a.....1IiItMI Cltol 
......... 

T .... IkJcII ... CaIIrCloo\'. T,..." 0I!0n 
The UeSD ""'dian i, ,wIi • ...., Mond>y. 
ond ThitIIdM duri,. ,he ocodetnl( ,.ar by 
UC50 .. udoni. ."" I.. ... UC50 -,,,,,,nily. 
K."adu<tioft 01 lhii ~ In any lonn. 
wbdIIt. In ... '" In .......... ptrmiuion 
is stlttlfv cwoMIW. 0..., ..... i reserved. 
The UCW C ..... is not ~ 10. ,he 
""um 01-* ........ UK ...... Irt. The ,iews 
• "("!' ......... do ... ~rtpr...,,"he 

The team used brain scans to 
determine that after eight to 10 
months of treatment, patients' 
metabolic brain activity increased 
Significantly. Results also demon-
strated that Jhe disease's progres-
sion was slowed in some volun-
teers by as much as 49 percent. 
Tuszynski plans to continue the 
gene therapy trials with new appli-
cations in early 2007. 

Deep Sea Life 
Booming, Study Says 

Students and staff wishing to 
share their opinions about keeping 
college education affordable, hir-
ing practices or the planned direc-
tion of the University of California 
over the course of the next 20 
years can do so via Web chats 
known collectively as "UC 2025." 

The chats, developed by UC -
President Robert C. Dynes, feature 
senior UC administrators, mem-
bers of the UC planning effort and 
student Regent Adam Rosenthal. 

An"';nne~ ... 
,.~..! ~ ~~~w=.,~ T~j~~~ 
Ccwdi." h funded solely by advonjsjng. lin oIJject 
rtyl rhymes with b&ldderll 

General Editorial: 856-534-6580 
editriucsdguardian.0f8 

f=::SS:lft:/:;:::::S='% 
H .. ,u~ 115&-~. t..lusfucsd,UMdiMr.CX8 

Ot>onion: 115&-5~ opinronf!rx:idsUMdron Ofg 
Spon~ 115&-51«582, spotts ucsdgUMdion.Ofg 
Photo: ssa.S)4.65(l, pho<_glJ>ld .... Of! 

Deep ocean ecosystems, which 
remain largely une)(plored and are 
considered the largest habitats in 
the world, are thriving, according 
to the re ults of a new study spear-
headed by researchers from Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. 

Students were able to take part 
in the first chat on April 10 by log-
ging on to the UC Web site. Staff 
can participate on April 18 from 
noon to 1 p.m. at the same site, 
and those unable to participate 
can send comments to the univer-
si ty via e-mai l. 

See the A.S. election results as th~y 
are announced on Friday, April 14 at 

Advertising: 856-534-3466 
ads@ucsdguardian.org 

Fax: 856-534-7691 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
The leam examined marine ani-

SU-NDAY ONLY 575 Denim 7 For All Mankind 
Antlk Denim 
Arch Indigo 

BCBG Max Azrla 
Blue Cult 

C.C California 
Chip and Pepper 

Citizens of Humanity 
Farmer Industry Jeans 

Frankie B 
Grall 

Hudson 

APRIL 16th, 2006 
10AM-SPM 

LA's favorite. premium denim 
sample sale gathers around the 
hottest names in denim. As always 
everything will be priced below 
wholesale at 400/0-800/0 off! There 
will be plenty of jeans and t-shirts 
for men too! 

$3 at the door, or FREE admission with ad or RSVP 
For info, directions, and to RSVP please visit 
www.thewarehousesale.com 

Joe's Jeans 
Junk Food 

Paper Denim. Cloth 
People Of The World 

Primp 
Rock. Republic 

I ~~' Sacred Blue 
• . ~W.'F.avernltl So Jeans 
~. ~ Y '. !rue Religion 

LOCATION: 
Hilton San Diego 
Mission Valley 
901 Camino del Rio South 
San Diego, CA 92108 

Wi It • __ • ." . Yanuk 
. , 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus? 
Tell Your Parents to Buy Q 

Condo for Youl 
WHY RENTl BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use rile mit money to pay fot rile mongage.,. 
• You live in the condo for FREE, ond .. , 
' .. . your parents con write off rile intemt on the 1rIOftgGge/ 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (.5.)6~7-G609 
FinfslffolrorlJhormail.com· www.cbcoli(ornia.com/ robin 

•••••••• I •• ' 

•• ••• 0. '· •• •• • • •••• , ··· , ••• • ••••••• •• • •• •••••• 

THURSDAY, APRil 13, 2006 

Not Everybody Loves a 
Birthday Celebration 

Controversy over the current Revelle - was the fact that the legis-A.S, elections may have been lation passed in a 3-1-5 vote in inter-brewing among Students na1 committee and actua1Iy made it to 
Voice! and Tritons United! candi- the council floor, 
dates, but it was rather minimal Barely able to keep straight faces, 
among members of A.S. Council. four senators voted to pass the item, 

The only real grievance at this after Thurgood Marshall CoUege 
weele's council meeting came from senior Senator Kate Pillon fmally 
TU! vice president external candi- objected_ 
date Eddie Herrera, who accused "I'm just doing this because some-
an unspecified person in the A.S. body has tOo" she said. 
program mi ng On a brief 
office of deliber- return to seri-
ately covering up New ous business, 
his campaign fly- Vice President 
ers with sign-up Bus'lness of Academic 
sheets for booths Affairs and 
at the Sun God Matt L'Heureux SV! presiden-

~est ' al tial candidate 
" IV . mlheureu@ucsd.edu u.~ Khanna Not surpris- ._. T 
ingly, no councilmember admitted discussed a meeting held with 
to being the flyer-masking master- VICe Chancellor of Student Affairs 
mind, and Herrera continued on Joseph W. Watson about the future 
a brief rant about "idiotic things" of Office of Academic Support and 
being considered for the agenda of Instructional ServiCe5-
the council even though resolutions "Money is not the issue for 
he proposed in the past were met O.A.S.I.S." Khanna said "The mon-
with no council backing. ey's there, it's just that Dr. Watson 

"I don't care if you mean it to be doesn't think right now that O,A.S.I.S. 
satirical, but you don't do this and is what it should be." 
then deny people the opportunity to Similarly, Commissioner of 
defend student rights on campus," Communications Soap Chum 
Herrera said, before Vice President reported progress on the Student-Rim 
Internal Angela Fornero repri- Television fiasco, promising future 
manded him by saying that public meetings over the unpopular "accept-
input is only welcomed when it is able use policy" for Triton Cable that 
addressed to the council as a whole, bans nudity and restricts profanity, 

The "idiotic things" in ques- as well as the future of the station as 
tion came in the form of an item of a whole. Though terms are wind-
immediate consideration proposed ing down and interest in certain 
by ReveUe CoUege Senior Senator pet projects seems to be waning. 
Rachd Cordi, whose clearly light- President Christopher Sweeten 
hearted request of $10.000 for her urged the council to keep up its 
birthday celebrat ion was not as amus- work and "get out the vote" to keep 
ing to Herrera as it seemed to be to students involved in the election . 
the rest of the council. Even more As of publication, 11 percent of 
laughable than the items proposed the student body had voted with 
- including 2.000 monkeys. eight one day remaining before the polls 
Sun Gods. two Geisels and one Roger close. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Charge Filed 
Despite 

Agreement 
~ GRIEVANCE, from page 1 
iflvolved in the purchase, 

Currently, there is no confirmation 
that the purchases were reimbursed by 
the council. 

According to Shmidt, the implica-
tions that Watts made in his news-
paper were not only irresponsible. 
hut libelous. Libel, according to the 
Student Press Law Center. is a form 
of defamation printed in a publication 
made up of false statements that harm 
another's reputation. 

Cases of libel against · public 
figures," such as Khanna, Corrales 
and Mann. have historically been 
harder to prove. as the accuser must 
show that the act was malicious in 
nature. 

Watts said his statements cannot 
be proven as libel, since all implicated 
parties were publk figures. Tritons 
United!. Watts' campaign slate. will 
not retaliate with additional griev-
ances. according to Watts. 

According to Khanna, he had tried 
to convince Shmidt not to me his 
complaint. 

MJ didn't want to see this elec-
tion degenerate into a grievance war; 
Khanna said. 

Shmidt. however. flied the griev-
ance despite Khanna's misgivings. and 
said he was doing so independent of 
any slate. In their unofficial agree-
ment. Watts is required to coUect all of 
his issues, as weu as cut off any funhur 
distribution of his newspapers. 

In addition, Watts and his slate 
is required to stop all his campaign-
ing at 12 p.m. on Friday, four hours 
earlier than the SV! slate, according 
to Watts. 

Readers aln contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Life 101 is just for you! 
Network with UCSD alumni frum over 30 career fields, indUling 
the President of Bad Robot Productions-the company that 
produces MLost" and .II Alias"! 
Learn how to survive-and-thrive in life after graduation at this special 
half-day seminar including workshops, raffle prizes, and a light lunch, 

WHEN 

WHERE 

HOW MUCH 

REGISTER 

Saturday, April 22, 20Q6 
1 O:OO~3:00PM 

Roosevelt College 
Robinson Auditorium/Great Hall 

General: $8.00 
Alumni Association 
Student Member: $5.00 
www.alumni.ucsd.edu/life1 01 

TfUNDNG OUTSIDE THE BooKs 

FREE LM MUSIC AT lltE STUDENT CENTEI 

THE 
FORMAT 
wI June, Ticklrtape Plrade, Anathlilo 

THURSDAY, APRIL 13 
Stage at the Pub • 7 
FREE CONCERT 

RUMOR HAS IT ••• 
NoIlIrious womaniz. (OSOncmJ sets his sights on on 
unotloinabl. priz._ W'1th a r.pulotion for charming 
the opposite SIX rllDrdless of their mari1a1 slatus, 
Casanova diK ... rs a beauliful.man who seems 
impervlovs fa his charms_ As he begins 10 punu. her, 
he finds himself falling in I.... Starring Heath 
lIdger, Si.nna Miller 6pm & 9pm • $3 

NEWS 3 

. .. ' ~ , I. ',.' >' \ ( 1" I 

• 



, 

4 THE~GuARDIAN 
CONTACT TIlE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org OPINION 

~ Private groups pledged $14 million in loans for the California Institute of ~ Regenerative Medicine, approved by voters in 2005'5 Proposition 71 . 
The link to vote in the AS. elections 

is practically hidden on T ritonLink. No 
wonder students don't vote and AS. gets 
a reputation for not promOting elections. 

EDITORIALS 
The House Boone Built 
(But Students Paid For) 
I 1's not often that candidates in an A.S. election agree on something. That's what makes the current consensus about student control of 
facilities they fund so unique. 

At m ost university campus-
es, students own the buildings 
they voluntarily vote to build. At 
UCSD, studellts retain no author-
ity, only symbolic and impotent 
"advisory" boards that beg and 
whimper to administrators. 

The University Centers 
Advisory Board, 

tions must be built around posi-
tions, not the personalities filling 
them, and the current setup gives 
the university centers director no 
incentive to actually care about 
what students want. 

UCAB may be the best-case 
scenario. The sports facilities, for 
example, went nearly a decade 

without adviso-
which proviaes 
advisory input 
on the operation 
of Student Center 
and Price Center, ' 
is one example. 
The facilities cur-
rently serve as a 

ROGUE BOARD ry student over-sight, in viola-
tion of university 
policy. 

fiefdom of acting Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Student Life and 
University Centers Director Gary 
R. Ratcliff. Though students do 
have a majority on UCAB, they 
don't do much beyond serving as 
a rubber stamp. 

For the most part, Ratcliff has 
done a commendable job. But 
there's no reason to assume his 
successor would as well; organiza-

In 2003, stu-
dents voted to 
fund the Price 
Center expan-

sion; yet they now have little 
direct control over what the final 
building will look like. Instead, 
they must trust Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Facilities Design 
and Construction Boone Hellman 
and another symbolic adviSOry 
board. It's hard to believe that 
students couldn't do better by 
donning the construction hats 
themselves. 

u.s. Must Get Real About 
Immigrants' Contributions 
T he 50,000 marchers who took to San Diego's streets on April 9 to protest a House immigration bill that would 
of undocumented immigrants rity improvement so far. 
in the United States and build a Criminalizing illegal immigra-
700-mile border wall formed the tion is similarly absurd, given that 
biggest public demonstration this recent estimates put the number 
city has ever seen. Washington, of undocumented immigrants 
D.C., was the site of an April in the country at 12 million, a 
10 demonstration; with 870,000 larger population than that of all 
marchers, it was the largest since U.S. prisons. Declaring them all 
the protests began last month. criminals is likely to set off a 

The protests should send major revolt. 
a message to politicians about We need an immigration 
the importance ,.---------II1II policy that rec-
of immigrant ognizes both the 
workers to the SAY "BIENVENIDOS" fluidity of the 
national economy global economy 
and character. • Huge Immill'ant protem and the contri-
Th e provisions show how our attitudes butions of imIDi-
in House Bill and leplative priorities grants. A guest 
4437 disastrously must be reviled. worker program, 
attempt to rem- where security 
edy a problem that can only be and health-care concerns could 
solved by acceptance of economic be addressed before letting for-
reality by social conservatives: In eigners enter the country to work, 
the global economy, labor, as well sounds the most realistic. 
as capital, must be allowed to flow The immigrant-labor flow 
freely across borders. across the border with Mexico 

Immigrants' presence is a ben- will continue. The test of new 
efit, not a problem. Even ifit was, legislation . is whether it sensibly 
building a wall wouldn't fix it brings that exchange out of the 
- job-hungry immigrants have dark, or continues to deny reality 
circumvented every border secu- for a paranoid few. 

.THE~IAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Grant Schrader 

Vla:!limir Kogan 
M"'N"'GING EDITOR 

Ian S. Port 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
Charles Nguyen 

NEWS EDITOR 
MariaMe Madlin 

M"'N"'GING EDITOR OPINION EDITOR 
• The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 

California at San Diego. Contents e 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the majority vote of tne editorial board and are not necessarily those of the 
UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardiiln staff. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Riley Salant-Pearce 

UCSD Housing: A Problem That 
Administrators Must Confront 

A bout 20 weeks after bald eagle chicks hatch, their parents kick them out of 
the nest to make room for the next 
brood. [f you're a sophomore right 
now, you can relate. 

This spring, many sophomores 
will be thrust into the real world to 
find housing for next year because 
their surrogate parent, UCSD 
Housing and Dining. is about to give 
them the boot. If you're one of them, 
you may be sur-

campus would significantly impact 
the,campus climate and would go a 
long way to building community on 
campus." 

Of course, the committee isn't 
the first body to come up with that 
idea. Universities across the coun-
try operate apartment complexes 
off-campus for upper-division and 
graduate students. UCLA owns 
19 complexes in Westwood, 14 of 
which are undergraduate-d4!Signat-

prised to learn m pUS 
what juniors and 
seniors already Depa·.r 

ed ·University 
Apartments' 
concentrated 
on one street 
within walk-
ing distance of 
campus, making 
them convenient 

know: A room in N 
La JoUa or UTC Johnston 
can cost as little as ~tt;;;;(z,;;;;rr-;:;:;;;;-
$500 per month if u ns 0 
you're willing to go sardine-style; or 
up to over $800 per month if you 
want your own room. You'U also 
pay up to $150 more each month 
in cable, gas, electric, water, sewer, 
internet, phone and trash bills that 
H&D ~ shielded from you these 
last tw~ years. 

To save money, some look for a 
more affordable place in Mira Mesa, 
University City or Pacific Beach. 
But living so far off campus has its 
own problems. Residents are too 
far away for the Cityshuttle, forc-
ing them to spend $500 on a park- . 
ing permit or endure hours on the 
bus, and they're miles away from 
anything resembling a college envi-
ronment. 

Of course, many students would 
prefer that UCSD have enough on-
campus housing to provide a four-
year guarantee, but construction 
of that magnitude would be very 
expensive and would doubtlessly 
translate into higher on-campus 
room rates. At $1,025 per. month 
for eight months for each person in 
a double (with food and utilities), 
these rates are already often more 
expensive than living off campus. 

So what can be. done? Well, by 
the grace of God, there's a powerless 
bureaucratic committee on the case. 
In September, the Undergraduate 
Student Experience and Satisfaction 
Committee addressed the issue in 
its report. 

·UCSD should look into the 
purchasing of private apartment 
complexes to make them univer-
sity-owned, dedicated student hous-
ing, and more affordable," the com-
mittee recommended. "Affordable. 
off-campus. h~using near. the UCSD 

places to live that maintain the col-
lege atmosphere. 

University Apartments are also 
very affordable for the area, costing 
$600 to $800 per month for a shared 
room or $1,200 to $1,350 per month 
to fly solo. These rates are slightly 
below those of nearby private com-
plexes and they include utilities, 
saving students hundreds of dollars 
a year. Also, while many private 
complexes require a 12-month min-
imum lease, University Apartments 
move residents in just before classes 
start in September and move them 
out right after finals in the spring. 
By allowing their residents to spend 
the summer at home, University 
Apartments save students thousands 
of dollars every year and keep them 
from having to deal with picky and/ 
or opportunistic landlords. 

Now I know what you're think-
ing (Chancellor Marye Anne Fox): 
Of course UCSD students would 
benefit from these university-owned 
off-campus complexes, but what's in 
it for me? After all, the university 
would have to pay over $1 million to 
purchase its first apartment building 
and may even have to take out loans 
to do it (welcome to our world). 
But by charging rent that's slightly 
below market value in the incredibly 
expensive San Diego housing mar-
ket, UCSD should recoup its costs 
within a few years. 

After that, the university would 
be earDing a healthy profit on the 
complex, which could go toward 
buying a second one, then a third 
and so on. 

To see how successful this could 
be, take a look at La Jolla Del Sol, an 
off· campus complex Ib.t is already 

owned by UCSD. There, you can 
rent a two-bedroom apartment 
for the school year or $1 ,300 per 
month total ($650 per person) that 
includes free water, a washer/dryer 
and in many units, a fireplace. 

Too good to be true? Well, imag-
ine La Jolla Del Sol as a fresh zebra 
carcass on the Serengeti. Lions get 
the first go at it, then hyenas, then 
buzzards and then the maggots. 
In this complex, professors are the 
lions, med students the hyenas, grad 
students the buzzards and under-
grads are the .. . yeah. Undergrads 
have to fight for the scraps of 
remaining rooms, and even then, 
the demand is huge and wait list can 
be extremely long. 

But direct income is just the 
first benefit off-campus apartments 
would give UCSD. Consider this: 
UCLA has just built enough housing 
to guarantee four years on campus. 
Where do they get the money to do 
that? Simple: UCLA alumni loved 
their entire lime at the school and 
give 'til it hurts. UCSD alumni, for 
the most part, don't. 

Why? Two years away from the 
fun and camaraderie of the col-
lege environment often makes stu-
dents and their wallets forget how 
awesome UCSD was during the 
on-campus years. By providing a 
student.-centric off-campus hous-
ing complex, the university would 
allow its Ider students to feel con-
nected with the UCSD cOnUnunity 
throughout their college careers. In 
the proceeding years, alumni would 
donate generously so new genera-
tions could have the great experi-
ences at UCSD that they remember 
having. 

UCSD officials often boast that 
this school sends more students 
abroad than any other college. But 
what they don't point out is that 
almost none of those students are 
freshmen or sophomores. Perhaps 
those students are having too much 
fun on campus to leave? After 
they're kicked off, students prob-
ably find the idea of looking for the 
college environment abroad much 
more inviting. 

If administrators are serious 
about improving the quality of life 
for UCSD students, they should 
look beyond the initial costs of buy-
ing off-campus complexes and rec-
ognize the long-term benefits for 
the university, its studenta and the 
memories of ita future alumni. 

THURSDAY. APRil 13, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINIONS 

LE~ERSTOTHEEDITOR~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Immigration Article 

Ignores Reality 
Dear Editor: 
. Hanna Camp's April 6 article on 
illegal immigration reveals a simplistic 
view of the problem and is more of 
an obstacle than help in the way of its 
solution. 1bere is no doubt that every 
country has the right and the duty 
to enforce its borders, but to reduce 
an epochal phenomenon to a public 
order issue to be solved by the border 
patrol or the criminal justice system 
means to be willingly blind. Nor does 
it help (except for an easy arousal of 
base emotions) to mix immigration 
and terrorism: We are not talking here 
of a group of criminals to be defeated 
by a judiciOUS action of the police sup-
ported by good intelligence, but of the 
migration of millions - a conceptually 
and pragmatically different problem. 
To solve the problem, it is of no use 
(not to mention immoral) to criminal-
ize the weak and those who, pushed by 
desperation, abandon everything they 
have: We must look at its causes and at 
the political and economic situation in 
which the problem flourishes. 

The article doesn't teU. for instance, 
of the grave economic distortion 
caused by the so-called free trade 
according to which national orders 
have been abolished for capitals and 
goods. but not for labor, so that poor 
countries are placed in the impos-

sibility of defending their economies 
through tariffs but can't export what 
they have plenty of. workforce. The 
article doesn't say that the so-called 
free market is enforced only inasmuch 
as it favors the powerful: There are cot-
ton-prodUCing African countries that 
have to starve themselves to compete 
because the U.S. government gives 
to the ~erican growers in aid an 
amount larger than the gross national 
product of those countries, depressing 
the prices on the international mar-
kets. Those countries, needless to say. 
are prevented by the WTO from doing 
the same with their growers. 

Finally, if in spite of everything 
we want to see the issue as a matter 
of public order and use the crim-
inal system, it is more just, more 
enforceable and a better deterrent to 
hit the employees, who have a lot to 
lose, rather than the weak, who have 
already lost everything; if anything 
is to be made a felony. it should be to 
hire an Wegal worker, not to look for 
work illegally. 

- Simone Santini 
San Diego Supercomputer Center 

Columnist Off-Base On 
Nature of Biases 

Dear Editor: 
Ian S. Port's recent column on bias 

in the media might have been one of 

the most prejudiced and self-congrat-
ulating pieces I've read since ... well, 
his last column. His claim that Fox 
News' pretension of being "fair and 
balanced" is somehow more insidious 
than a liberal news source's claim of 
the same smacks of either ignorance 
or dishonesty. Either way, now that 
we know he's biased (big whoop), can 
you stop running him? We all know 
what he's going to write by now. Bush 
sucks, yadda yadda. Get over it and 
run someone interesting. 

- Travis Weinger 
Revelle College Sophomore 

Student Newspaper 
Shows Hypocrisy 

Dear Editor: 
. In my five years as a student, I 

have never written a letter to the 
editor before. However, after reading 
Daniel Watts' letter published in the 
April 6 issue of the Guardian, I feel 
the need to respond. Watts is quick 
to criticize others and distort realities 
in order to portray a false image of 
himself as . some sort of benevolent 
savior to UCSD. 

For example, Watts criticizes A.S. 
Vice President Finance Greg Murphy 
anp A.S. presidential candidate Harry 
Khanna about the infamous Pike 
Vegas conference funding. He pub-
lished the Truth About UCSD using 

in the 

Enroll now at the only UC 
... uc 

. 

A.S. funds and wrote, "Greg Murphy 
raids student treasury." Even during 
this past election week, he criticized 
Harry for his shady involvement with 
such a scheme. A qUick glance at 
A.S. records will show that I was 
the submitter of this legislation, and 
that rather than Murphy pilfering 
funds, as Watts likes to say, the A.S. 
Council voted on the funding and it 
was approved (neither Murphy nor 
Khanna are voting members). In fact, 
if you read the minutes of the meet-
ing' you' ll note that neither of the 
two once spoke in favor of funding 
this event. 

The Truth About UCSD brings 
me to another pOint. Watts wrote 
and published this student-funded 
newspaper. However, you'll be hard 
pressed to fmd his signakJ re on that 
paper, or any sort of mark that says, 
"I wrote this." He speaks of being a 
man of integrity, but he effectively 
published a smear campaign without 
even having the backbone to tal<e 
responsibility for it, probably wor-
rying that it would hurt his political 
image. While A.S. funds are never 
allowed to be used for campaigning. 
Watts fou'.ld a loophole that allowed 
him to "pilfer» nearly 51 ,000 of stu-
dent funds to print this paper. And 
then after he does so, he has the nerve 
to print a receipt for a shot glass cost-
ing less than 520 and blamed Khanna 
for it. 

Watts is an excellent orator and a 

? 
• 

In theOC 
• 

e 
• 

online at 
summer.uci .edu 

choose from over 600 courses 

.·New for 
Enrollment incentive plan for UC undergraduate students returning to the OC for the summer. 
Pay for only 8 units. Enroll in (up to) 8 more and still pay for only 8 this Summer. 
Need Financial Aid? If y~u receive aid in the form of University Grants and loans from your 
home campus, you can use it at UCI for Summer Session. Please contact the Office of Financial 
Aid on your home UC campus for details. 

For more information visit: summer.uci.edu 
. ' ,I, 

great writer. His rhetoric is so con-
vincing that he might make students 
think twice about whom they vote for 
when they fire up their TritonLink 
this week. That being said, students: 
Do not be fooled. This man has no 
backbone, no integrity and his desire 
to be president is fueled by a hunger 
for power, not a deep care for student 
life. 

- Kevin Hanson 
A.S. Vice President Finance. 2004-05 

President, Pi Kappa Alpha 2005 

Corruption Scandals 
Demand Accountability 

..-' 

Dear Editor: 
Imagine our surprise when we 

discovered that Student Voice! cam-
paign supporter Kevin Mann used 
A.S. funds to buy himself souvenir 
novelties such as T-shirts, a magazine 
and a shot glass while he took an 
A.S.-funded trip to a Midwest party 
school. 

Imagine our surprise when the 
current A.S. Vice President External 
Samantha Peterson broke the law 
when she refused to comply with a 
California Public Records Act reque t 
for all information about the A.S. 
Council's travel-related expenditures. 

Imagine our surprise when A.S. 
President Christopher Sweeten con-
firmed last Wednesday that buying 
shot glasses is defmitely not allowed, 
and that Sweeten had forced Mann 
to resign as vice president external, 
citing resignation for "personal rea-
sons," earlier this year because of 
scandals like this. 

Imagine our surprise when Harry 
Khanna, the Student Voice! presiden-
tial candidate, not only refused to 
apologize for his campaign manager 
at the presidential debate, but actually 
defended the illegal purchase of shot 
glasses with A.S. funds. 

• Imagine our surprise that none of 
this was made public. This is the first -$ 
time the UCSD campus has heard of 
its student government running ram-
pant with student fees. 

Tritons United! presidefllial can-
didate Daniel Watts took the initia-
tive to file a legal order with the 
UCSD administration to force the 
A.S. Council to open its books to the 
public. While Student Voice! is tout-
ing its hollow promises ana "experi-
ence," documents are bein.g released 
everyday that implicate their can-
didates and supporters in scandals: 
They have made sexist comments 
about our candidates, used A.S. funds 
to buy themselves shot glasses, and 
refused to apologize for any of it. It is 
because we disclosed these fmandal 
documents that Student Voice! cam-
paign manager Kevin Mann will now 
have to repay the students. 

Tritons United! has pledged to 
restore common sense to student 
government and end the corruption 
which has so tarnished the integ-
rity of our student government. This 
wee.k we wW be out in public to 
answer any questions students may 
have. If they wish to receive a direct 
response from me about my solutions 
for bringing back ethics to the A.S. 
Council and cleaning up the office of 
vice president external affairs, I am 
happy .to respond to e-mails sent to 
me at edherrera@ucsd.edu. 

- Eddie Herrera 
A.S. Vice President External 
Candidate, Tritons United! 

~ The Guardian welcomes /etten from 
its muIers. All letters must be IW longer 
tIum 500 wmW, typed, double-sptJUd 
and signed with a /ItU7Ie and applicable 
title. Letters must ulso conillin a plume 
number. We merw the right to edit 
for length and clarity. Letters may be 
dtopped off III the Guardian o.lJia on 
the i«ond floor of the S/tulmt Center 
or e-rrwikJ. Sertd a/llettns to: 

The UCSD GIuInIkm 
Opinion Editor 

9500 GUman Dr. 0316 
La JoIJ., CA 92093-0316 

e-mllil: 
~OI'J 



6 OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 2006 

PAID ADVERTISEMENT 

'The Gamekillers OBITUARIES April 2006 
C6amt I:tllth 

Andre Mossis 
Fernando Nieves 
Zack Danielson 

Hanwey Shieh 
Bharat Kumar 

Eric Smith 
Jon Fox 

chod Utsch 

MASSIS Andre, S60 Paulo, II 
Was lured away from a pretty young 
thing and Into q heated game of 
'Foos' by his good friend Carl-mare 

common~ known as 'The Mayor of No 
Women's Land: While Andre made 
severo I attempts to step awoy and put 
himself back into contention with the 
sa id female, Carl's relentless pursuit 
for all things that don't involve getting 
some, was ultimotely too much for the 
young Andre . He qUickly found himself 
sweating it out over the oir hockey table, 
from where he would catch a glimpse of 
his young beauty heading out the door 
with another suitor. Andre's game will 
be remembered by mony, just not her. 

NIEVES Fernando, New York, NY 
His game was olive and well on its way 
to a ten dig it exchange with a hottie 
known as Brilney, but was suddenly 
bushwhacked by 0 classic Gamekiller, 
The Droma Queen . She ran into the 
scene, tears streaming , ond sobbed a 
story of having seen her ex from four 
years ago. "I, I, I just can 't be alone 
tonight, Brit. " Still a retrievable situation 
hod Fernando kept his cool. But he 
didn'l, "Four years seems ' like a long 
time ago, ' he said in 011 innocence. By 
the time The Drama Queen was done 
flipping the script, Fernando was re-cast 
in the role of " the villain' in front of a 
crowd of horrified on-lookers . No one 
hooks up with on insensitive pig. Rest in 
peace Fernando, but you sleep alone. 

DANIELSON Zack, AIIanta, GA 
It was early in the evening yesterdQy 
when Zad's game left us, and while 
it didn't go without a fight, lack 
did have his arse unceremoniously 

handed to him. Upon returning from the 
bathroom, Zock found the girl he was 
seeing had been surrounded by a beely 
mesomorph, Early MiJn, who tried to use 
his abundant muscle to strong-arm him 
out of the picture. Zack did not keep 
his cool and accused his young lady 
friend of flirting with the first guy who 
came along. His girl, no doubt disgusted 
by Zoe 's over-the1op bravado, fled 
the scene when his for from allrodive 
jealousy escalated into Zack throwing a 
punch, which was caught in micXJir by 
something that looked like a hand, but 
felt like a 20lb vice . By the time lock 
re-gained consciousness, he was home 
olone and unabfe to console himself with 
his dominant hondo 

SHIEH Hanwey, Los Angeles, CA 
Honwey was chotting up a latin diva 
ot an aportment complex borbecue and 
his game was hot enough to pose a fire 
hazard , that is until his friend and cocoon 
of horrer known ps The Mess entered the 
picture and snatched Hanwey up like a 
flosh flood 01 distraction . Somewhat of 
a loose connon, The /lNess immediately 
engoged Hanwey in the age-old male 
bonding tradition of lighting one's own 
forts. Sure, there's li"le more enticing than 
the ignition of one's own combustible 
human gasses, but much like riding on 
electric scooter, you don 't look that cool 
doing it. When the laughter suf;lsided, 
Hanwey was left with nothing but a 
good laugh and the faint smell of old 
eggs, while his Iody was snored by a 
new suitor. Man, talk about blowing it. 

KUMAR iIharat, .JacbomIIIe, R 
After kicking his game ta a leggy 
redhead at a dorm mixer, Sharat was 

interrupted by Trevor, al.a. British 
Accent Guy. Women ore drawn to men 
with British occents, so 011 it took was 
a Single "pardon" ta make his girl raise 
an eyebrow toward this game killing 
Redcoat. This prompted Sharat to get 
riled by calling out the guy's busted grill 
of yellOWing bad teeth and comparing 
the merits of baseball over cricket. The 
British Accent Guy smiled and opened 
his mouth only to offer small bils of 
nOl1'{;onfrontational banter, allOWing his 
accent to seep into the girl's brain like a 
piece of brilliant propagando. In the end, 
the Srit would invade on Bhara!'s territory 
with ease, taking the girl, and leaving 
Bharat's game strewn 00 the road os a 
piece of collateral damage. 

5MI1H Eric, WaIhiI .... , DC 
-HiS game came to lis demise in the 
mast unlikely of circumstances. While 
engaging in two of his most pleasurable 
pastimes: talking about boots, with his 
other passion, a beautiful girl who seemed 
genuinely interested. They were even 
planning to go out In his 15.foat dinghy, 
only ta hit unseen rocks in the form of The 
One Upper, the classic Gameldller who 
lives by the motto' Anything you can do 
I con do better.' Sure enough, The One 
Upper claimed to not only know boots, 
but he also boosted of captaining his 
own 40-foot vessel. Eric tried to navigale 
to the colmer waters of cor tolk but wos 
run over again by The One Upper's 
supposed vintage Germ9n roadster. The 
tension quickly mounted, and soon the 
two were engaged in a ruthless game 
of one-upmonship. On and on they went, 
seeing what the other guy just said and 
raising him. When the smoke cleared, 
Eric had won the gloot-fest, but the girl 
was nowhere to be found. No one likes 
a braggart. Eric's game wos last seen 
drifting awoy towards the vost sea of 
loneliness in on unders ized boot. 

FOX Jon, London, UK 
Jon's game, beloved to many 0 
cheerleader and facilitator of the 
menage of 2OQ.3, was fairing well ot a 
Gold Coast club with a delightful polr of 
sisters. That is until the playboy predator 
and full time Gomekiller simply known as 
Kash Munni entered the picture. A wel~ 
endowed socialite famous for trashing 
5-slar hotel rooms, Kash had traveled In 
from oil rich lands wearing expensive 

Clamr IUlrb 
Italian loafers and indoor sunglasses. 
Drinks were bought for willing and 
unwilling recipients alike with his family's 
fortune, which he shamelessly flaunted in 
the form of an array of high status plastic . 
This caused Jon 10 suddenly lose his cool 
and go on the defensive by opening a 
tab of his own. On his debit .card. After 
three rounds, Jon's account was maxed . 
Shortly after he wos dropped off alone 
would Jon learn the hard way that a 
woman's affection should never be for 
sale, and that many a man has gone 
broke trying to prove otherwise. 

'ur5CH Chad, N.w InInswick, NJ 
His game · was faring nicefy at the 
local coffee shop with a seemingly 
receptive lotte drinker called Rita 
and he seemed well on his way to a 
little afternoon delight, that is until the 
corduroy·dad Gomekiller known as 'IQ' 
entered picture. This pampous scholastic 
scovenger, famous for luring men into 
heated debates on subjects of which 
they know nothing, over-heard the 
conversation turning to art and pounced. 
Immediately he steered the diologue Into 
an area known as Out Of Chad's Depth 
where he would dish out ever increasing 
portions of intellectual emasculation. 
Chad reacted as anyone with a 20 
point IQ deficit facing "IQ" would : the 
wrong way. No, the answer to 'When 
do you feel Picasso peaked?" isn't to 
shove the questioner in the chest. Rita 
was left to apologize emphatically lor 
Chod's actions and asked if she could 
make up for it in some woy. Chad tried 
to recover, but it was too late . He had 
lost his caol, and his gome would rel ire 
home, where it would begin its own 
blue period. 

Obituaries con be creoted and senl 
via emoa 10 friends at gomekillen.com 

K •• p Your Cool. Ax. Dry. 

" ~ • • • • • • • • ~ , • .. • • • I " • • • • • • , • • • • . .... ' • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •••• , •••• _: .: ., o t , I • , t , , • t .. '" •• ' . ' . 1 0 t . t o ' • f ' .' • • • i :' • • . . . . . . . . . . • . . . . . ' ... .... ' • . I • • • • • • , 

THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 2006 

Research Links Academic 
Success With Job Opportunities 
• STUDY, from page 1 
between working 14 hours or less 
and college GPA." 

However, not all work experience 
negatively impacted academic per· 
formance, according to Kim. 

-The association between work· 
ing and degree attainment is not a 
simple matter of whether students 
worked or not, but of the number of 
hours student worked orOthe kinds 
of jobs students worked; Kim said. 
-There is research which shows that 
working on campus or w~rlting jobs 

. which are related to student majors 
actually helps students' involvement 

in college and thus increases persis-
tence rales." 

The report calls attention to the 
relationship between college afford-
ability and academic success - a cor-
relation that ahould draw the atten-
lion of higher education groups and 
lawmalten. Kim said. Appropriately 
designed worldn& opportunities for 
targeted popu1ations is directly corre-
lated to increased degree completion 
rates, since better jobs help students 
pay for coIIqe. ICCOI'dina to Kim. 

Cross-Pacific Partnership 
Started Several Years Ago 
• AUSTRAlIA, from page 1 
bulk of funding in their partner-
ship with UCSD. The Australian state 
of Victoria is giving 538 million to 
establish the Australian Regenerative 
Medicine Institute. 

The money will specifically ben-
efit the collaboration. In addition to 
other philanthropy and investments, 
the university tlIpcct5 funds of more 
than S 1 ()() million for its stem cell 
research, John Brumby, Victoria's 
minister for innovation, told the San 
Diego Union Tribune. 

Victoria is also giving 5200,000 
to Australian scientists so that they 
can begin working on the partnership 

immediately. 
·The memorandum of under-

standing between the UCSD and 
Austra1ian Stem Cell Centre will result 
in two of the world's Ieadins centers 
working together on futon projects ' 
and discoverics; Stew Bracb, pre-
mier of Australiai state of Victoria, 
stated in a press release. 

The foundation for the joint effort 
was laid sneraI yean ago when UCSD 
stem cell rneucher Larry Goldstein 
began working with Alan Trowuon 
from Monash Uniwnity in Victoria. 

RtiUkrs can umMct CIuJrks Npym 
at charlcs_nguycn(llbq1oba1.nct. 

Need Banners? 
www.SANDIEGOBANNERS.com 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

DON'T MISS THIS 
TO HEAR ONE OF THE 
LEADING ECOLOGISTS 

Wednesday, April 19 
4:30-6:QO p.m. 

Price Center Theater 
Ut:liversity of California, 
San Diego 

P.ROFESSOR 
SIMON A. LEVIN, Ph.D. 
Ecologist; 
Director of Princeton Unlvl"'rt;;J1ft 
Center for BioComplexity 
and 2005 Kyoto Prize Laureate 
in Basic Sciences 

Reception and 
refreshments to follow 

Admission Is free 
with prior registration at 

UCSD information 

.. UCSD 
PIIid Adtlertisemmt 

How Can I Make UCSD Better For YOU? 
www.Vot~4Bryce.com 

Vote At TritonLink 

.,', . 

NEWS 7 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Cody B. Nabours 
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org hiatus ~ 

THE BEST SONGS 
OSS IN HIATUS di THIS WEEK -Hies 

Dead Prez Presents 'II-1 Van lIorrison Liars 
arts/entertainment • 'Dent Put DI:wIn Your Flag' • • Been Through" • ' I .B. Sheets' • "A VISit From Drum' • 'Madame George' • "Drum and the Uncomfortable Can" 

THURSDAY, APRIL 13,2006 ------------------------

Boltey Battles Puberty 
High school goes nair in the slick style-aver-substance genre mashup of "Brick" 

COURTESY OF FOCus FEATURES 
Staring Contest: Joseph Gordon-Levitt (middle) transforms into a leading man as a high school gwltshoe. The disappearance of his ex leads him to local drug boss the Pin (Lu/cas Haas, left). 

By Gael/c Faure 
ASSOCIATE HIATUS EDITOR 

I t's duck soup for you yegs:' Come again? High school movies, as a rule, feature 30-year-old actors speaking in an odd lan-guage peppered with misfired new slang. If the kids in "Brick" are hard to understand, 
though, it's because their affected speech emulates 
a style far, far removed from the halls of their 
sunny SiIIl Clemente, Calif., school - that of char-
acters in noir films of the '4Os and 'SOs, straight out 
of Dashiell Hammett novels. 

High school and noir? If debutante director 
Rian Johnson wants to marry odd couple genres, 
might as well go for sci fi and period drama, right? 

Brick 

*** Starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Lukas Haas 
Directed by Rian Johnson 

Rated R 

And yet, despite the initial sense of absurdity 
and occasional reminders breaking up the dark 
drama with hilarity (some intentionally, others 
questionably so), the formula makes sense. Joseph 
Gordon-Levitt is the loner/gumshoe Brendan; he's 
truly too cool for school, so he's taken to eating by 
himself behind the portables. But when Brendan's 
ex-girlfriend (Emilie de Ravin of "Lost") makes a 
mysterious plea for his help before disappearing, 
his unresolved flame turns him into a hardboiled 
detective, working his way around the school's 
stratified cliques and into its underbelly of drug 
deals and violence. It's a world thick with refer-
ences - he fUlds an accomplice in Rubicks-cube-
wielding buddy the Brain; a decadent actress in 
the queen of the drama crowd; a meddlesome cop 
in the vice principal; a Godfather-wannabe in the 
local drug ring's top dog the Pin (Lukas Haas); a 
hot -headed brute in the Pin's right -hand milll and 
even a breathless femme fatale in the jock-dating 
rich girl (Nora Zehetner of "Everwood"). 

But what ties the genres best is not the overt, 
deadpan appropriation of noir standards. Brendan's 
ex puts it best when she tries to convince him to let 
her go and leave her to her new "up.per-crust" 

druggie friends: "I'm in a different world now:' 
All of these kids are in their own self-contained 
worlds, worlds built upon treacherous allegiances 
and role-playing. They're dead serious, all the time 
- because that's what high school is. Looking in, 
it's easy to laugh when Brendan discovers the 26-
year-old Pin (described as "really old") sitting in 
his office - the basement of his mother's house 
- with his back turned to the door, evil -genius-
fashion, look complete with black cape and cane. 
Or when the Pin's oblivious mother cheerfully 
serves Brendan and the high-school thugs who've 
just roughed him up a nice glass of orange juice. 
Or when, still in black getup, the Pin sits on the 
beach und~r a perfect polychrome sunset, asking 
Brendan if he's ever heard of Tolkien: "You know, 
the hobbit books? His descriptions are really good. 
They make you want to be there." It's all hilariously 
pathetic, but the peril of these teenagers' lives is 
very real, as Brendan demonstrates by repeatedly 
provoking graphic, raw fights. 

Johnson smartly crafts this separate world by 
cutting out the classrooms, the crowded halls 

[ BRICK, page 121 

Learning the 
Ways of Life 
With Lester, 

Van and a Bum 
There's a rea5Qn I'm bum-fixated - and it's not just because of my always-inescapable liberal guilt. 
Bums (yes. I say bums; not home-
less, transients, derelicts or vagrants 
- not because I think any less of 
them, but because I like the word) have 
fascinated me with the ideas of both 
freedom and bondage that come with 
utter destitution. However, when I met 
some of the bums of New York City, 
my fascination was transformed into 
something else entirely. 

The bums of New York seem more 
immediately desperate than the bums 
of California (open sore-baring bums 
of south Berkeley notwithstandi!1g). 
Here, you can respond to their "Can 
you spare some change?" with vocal 
or tacit refusal, or, if you're that kind of 
person, with the "pretend you don't see 

Don't Forget 
the Joker 

'em and keep on truckin- plan. In New 
York. bums don't cotton to that kind 
of shit. They'll foUow you for blocks, 
asking you again and again for a little 
help, or, at the. very least, to recognize 
that they're walJting alongside you. No 
jokes-for-change there, folks. 

It all started on the plane to New 
York City for spring break. Flying some-
where above America's bread-basket, I 
found some interesting insights in an 
essay about Van Morrison's 1968 soph-
omore album Astral Weeks. Written 
by Lester Bangs, the genius drug casu-
alty/tragic hero of rock criticism, this 
piece caused me to listen to the album 
- really listen - for the first time ill 
years. (I actually paid real money for 
the CD sometime in high school, but 
tossed it into my overfloWing "bor-
ing" pile when it was immediately less 
accessibLe than Moondal1Ce. You sbould 
not do this.) 

The thing about Astral Weeks-era 
Van Morrison that I didn't realize until 
Bangs made it so obvious to me is that 
here, unJike any of Morrison's other 
work (his best song, "T.B. Sheets" is 
excepted, but more about that later), 
he faces one of the greatest questions 
of existence felt by those born not into 

r JOKER, page 9] 

Travel-Size Version of the Giant DesertFestival Treks From Mali to UCSD 
By Mehrdad Yazdani 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Every year, thousand of indie rock fans pride themselves for attend-ing all -day music festivals such as 
Coachella and All Tomorrow's Parties. 
These festivals, however, pale in com-
pari on to the grandiose Festival in the 
Desert held in Mali's Essakane. ince 
200 1, local and international musi-
cians have performed at the African 
fes tival to celebrate the diversity of 
t he local culture iIIld fuse music from 
around the world. Art Power brings 
the abridged ver ion to campus on 
April 14. 

Suffering from the recent wars in 
the region have prevented mu kians 
and artists from participating in cul 
tural exchanges. With the end of the 
Tamashek war in 1996, local Tuareg 
cultural associations felt that it was time 

to revive the local tradition of cultural 
gatherings. During these gatherings, 
which date back centuries, the Tuareg 
people would race camels, gossip and 
listen to music. But the revived festival 
also brings in international SLars (big 
names Like Robert Plant) to make the 
gathering a true fusion experience. 

Th,e abridged version features 
the highlights from the festival that 
should excite any world -music fan . 
The three names to remember are 
Rillnatou Diakite, Markus James and 
the group Tinariwen. Soulful singer 
Diakite is regarded as one of Africa's 
most darin~ musicians, venturing 
not just to the usual pop and roots 
fusion of world music bUI hip-hop 
as well. James, a guitarist, has trav-
eled Mali for years playing with the 
locals and fUSing Mississippi delta 
blues and Mali culture. Finally, one 
of the original groups to organize the 

festival, the internationally acclaimed 
group Tinariwen, blast passions of 
resistance and struggle, reflecting the 
turbulence of their local homeland. 

Tinariwen was originally formed 
in 1992. Their poetry describes the 
political climate and protests the 
oppression of the people of Mal i. 
The music they play is a revolution 
for contemporary Tuareg music; it 
is also vital for the Tuareg youth, 
who are spread acr()~s countries such 
as Algeria, Libya, Mali, Niger and 
Burkina Faso, to maintain their cul-
tural identity. However, thelr mes-
sages of unity and resistance against 
oppressor are themes to which any 
citizen of the world can hum along. 

Festival in the Desert will take 
place at Price Center Ballroom on 
April 14. Tickets are available through 
Ticketmaster or tlte UCSD Box Office 
at $18/or sludenls.and $36 general. 

COUR I ESY OF UNIVERSAL MUSIC 
Shar1fDon'l LUte/I: Tinariwen, a band bam in the 'TUareg camps ofMoammaral-Qadhaji, 
will play their politically-cilarged indigenous blues at Price ~nter Ballroom on Aprill4. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 13,2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

recoidhigs~------------------------~-----
Dead Prez Presents M-l 
- ·Confldential 
KOCH 

T be socially conscious hip-hop movement is becoming increasingly mainstream - and, of course, up is oot a bad way to go. But musical popularity has morphed 
a cry for political and social change into an easily-stereo-
typed genre of anti-bling. anti-Bush cliches pounding itself 
over the head with repetitive black -and-whiteness. 

When Dead Prez slid into the scene at the tum of 
the 215t century with Lets Get Free, an infectious "fudt 
the law" call to revolution, the rebellious UIIdftground 
hip-bop mentality was a1ive and bangin: The probIein, 
howner - a dilemma the duo (M-I and Stic Man) would 
try to fix over two mixtapes and 2004's RevoIutimuJry But 
Gangsta - is that blasting a tight beat and shouting ·We 
Want Freedom- to the choir might not make much of 
a change. RaG was a miniarure movement. Swatches of 
red, black and green bandana· transcended the cover art 
to adorn many a wrist, and underground hit "Hell Yeah; 
featuring Jay-Z, united independence with superstardom. 

M -I's solo effort picks up where RaG left off, but 
something has changed: As track "Early" puts it, "We're 
not just some colors on a wristband." A secretive quality 

pervades uneasy verses and strange R&B hooks, almost as 
if reverse play would reveal an encoded meeting place and 
time to start the revolution. Woven in are speech snippets 
relating Black Panther activism and Assata Shakur to 
socialist Cuba, and "niggaz" are replaced by "comrades." 

Confidentillls musical expertise only adds to its secre-
Cy, combining raw, blown-out speaker beats with easier 
tracks like lavey-dovey "'Til We Get There," using a soft 
sbelI to disguise controversial undertones (the video, 
featurins Somalian rapper K'Naan, is ironica1ly getting 
some airtime). Cameos from Q-Tip, Ghostface, and Styles 
P (among others) are well embedded in creepy messages 
and even a Western jig to throw the hounds off the trail. 
"You're too smart. you're too smart I Just look at aU the 
drama that you start I Don't you know the whole world 
smell it if you fart?" MI whispers on "Too Smart" - out 
spills the pungent smell of conspiracy, confusing us with 
a knowing smirk. It's as refreshing as new rain after a dry 
spell, no blings or Bushes in sight. 

- Simone Wilson 
STAFF WRITER 

........................................................................................................ 

liars 
- Drum's Not Dead 
Murr 

**** Liars should get an award for best musical reaction to critical consensus. They answered the ass-kiSSing sur-rounding their masterfully gritty dance punk debut 
with the dissonance and monotony of a concept album 
about witches. Critics vomited. Rolling Stone, Spin and 
the Guardian (yours truly) gave They Were Wrong So We 
Drowned the lowest rating, condemning its arhythmic 
noise and . vacant field recordings while lamenting the 
development of an outfit once praised as prodigal 

With Drums Not Dead, Liars shove those past failures 
of vision in our face. The concept alone - it's abo.ut t,wo 
competing energies: ·creativity (Drum) and insecurity 
(Mr. Heart Attack) - continues the experimentalism of 

- ....... 

t ~y~-

&,. 
their past work. The band's fascination with jarring and 
grating has dissipated to reveal a sublime appreciation for 
negative space. Oddly spare rhythms pulse at a lush dis-
tance. Guitar backdrops float by organicaUy, the elements 
occasionally cresting in hurried, dissonant conversation 
- vocalIst Angus Andrews' ghoulish falsetto lingers in 
the foreground a~ the disconcerted voice of Mr. Heart 
Attack, while dry, thunderous toms.speak for his com-
panion. Like Liars' last work, Drums Not DeRd challenges 
one's nominal expectations. Now, their daring motifs and 
gorgeous expanses show they're worth the endeavor. 

-Ian S. Port 
SENIOR STAFf WRITER 

HIATUS 9 

Should We Soak Up the Sadness of 
the World, Or Just Keep On Truckin'? 
• JOKER, from page 8 
poverty: facing thos~ less fortunate 
than yourself, and deciding exactly 
how to feel about it. 

My first and most memorable 
experience with the bums of New York 
happened on West I 16th St. and Lenox 
Avenue - which, as it turns out, is 
actually called Malcolm X Boulevard 
- inside the rapidly gentrifying bor-
ders of Harlem. Trying to hail a cab 
for our group of six after a horrify-

her situation any better? 
Van Morrison is faced with this 

overwhelming sense of sympathy in 
"Madame George" on Astral Weeks, 
where he siI)gs about looking into the 
face of a downtrodden transvestite 
hassled by street kids and run off by 
the cops, and is so taken by his love of 
this tragic figure that he's got to take 
the next train away - it's just too much 
for him. "T.8. Sheets" is even worse. 
Faced with the slow death of his girl, 

Morrison can't ing Senegalese 
dinner (stick to 
Ethiopian, I say) 
I beard a weath-
ered female 
voice call from 
somewhere 
alongside of me, 
"Hey, can I talk 
to you?" 

r, I can pass right on 
y, a nd be one of those 

tuckers that doesn't care 

handle being 
beside her sick-
bed' any longer. 
'He'll send her 
some wine later, 
he says, tum on 
the radio, what-
ever she wants 
'- he's just gotta 

about anything except 
themselves," 

Being in a 
hurry, I tried out 
the ukeep on truckin~ plan, only to get 
back a "Hey! I'm taUtin' to you! Don't 
you hear me? I'm standin' right here! 
You trying to ignore me?!" The rest of 
my friends kept on a-truckin: but I was 
instantly ensnared by this most basic 
request for interaction - the recogni-
tion of another person's existence. Fifty 
cents later, I was tearfully informed 
that she had buried two of her sons, 
that she was "attending" Columbia, 
that she just wanted to know every-
thing there was to learn and that one 
day, she hoped that she could see 
Europe, especiaUy Paris, but probably 
never would. 

Instantly I felt love, sadness and 
pity - the only reason I hadn't been 
to Paris was because I was too lazy to 
buy a ticket, and here I was taking in 
this bum's home turf, on a holiday. Of 
course, she was a complete liar, as my 
native New York friends would later 
tell me; but, really, does lying about her 
dreams just to net a handful of pocket 
change from some passing rube make 

get away from 
tllere. He can't 

fucking take it. When he's faced with 
the overpowering lovelhorror of exis-
tence, Morrison can only turn away 
from it, passionately knowing that he 
doesn't know how he should feel. 

Bangs' interpretation is what kept 
ringing in my brain after my own 
Madame George experience: "You've 
got to hurt until you feel like a sponge 
for aU those other .assholes' problems, 
until you feel like an asshole yourself, 
so you draw all the appropriate lines. 
You stop feeling. But you know that 
then you begin to die." I thought, I can 
either let the misfortune of others eat 
away at my existence until I can no 
longer live for myself, or I can pass 
right on by, and be one of those fuckers 
that doesn't care about anything except 
themselves. Either way, I'm fucked. 

That's why I finally under tand why 
Morrison's breathy vocalizations and 
manic 'emotion are at their most strik-
ing on Astral Weeks and "T.B. Sheets" 
- because he asks this question, and, 
like me, he has no answer. 



10 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN . 

Storage ••• Serving All of San Diego County del-

• Have a "Big Box' delivered to you 
• Load it at your leisure 

WWW.BIGBOX.COM 
Call Toll-Free Right Nowl 

• It'll be stored in our secure, indoor facilities 
• Access your belongings 24fT 
• Forget having to rent/load/unload a truck 

858-454-5531 
The NATION'S PREMIER MOBILE STORAGE Provider 

--------, 
..J,? , ~ J. DE\~ I CrosswordSOLUTIONS 
'f ~ from UCSD 
MATSUGAWA I 

15% DISCOUNT 
with student 10. Discounts on all 
sushi rolls and lunch combos 

50% DISCOUNT on 
Sal Lunch Specials 

. r 

Come and enjoy the sunset at the Matsugawa! 
1101 Camino Del Mar, Del Mar, CA 92014 .... 720-1140 
----------- ...... 

THURSDAY, APRil 13, 2006 

A Cuckolded Wife Touts a 
Peculiar Brand of Feminism 

COURTESY OF THE OLD GLOBE 
FranIcly, I Don l Give a Damn: Tn "Q,nstanl Wife, • Henny Russell plays a socialile who rurns a 
blind eye to her husband); cheating ways, wittily defending hel"S4!/j agai,t<t her friends' outcries. 

By Quynh Nhu Nguyen 
STAFF WRITER 

When all is said and done, the modern wife is nothing but a parasite." 
Sexist? Perhaps - if these words 

had been uttered by a typically com-
placent and condescending well-to-
do member of the male species. But 
instead, in a surprising twist (one of 
many in "The Constant Wife"), an 
affluent - and married - woman in 
the roaring days of the '20s arrives at 
this conclusion. 

In W. Somerset Maugham's witty 
comedy, Constance Middleton 
(Henny RusseU) is a socialite who has 
been married for J 5 years to wealthy 
surgeon John Middleton . She's also 
happily oblivious (or so her friends 
believe) to the fact that her husband is 

having a notorious affair with her best 
friend, Marie-Louise Durham (Lara 
Phillips), her elf a married woman. 

But this is no ordinary melodra-
matic, "Dawson's Creek" -esque love 
triangle. When the scandalous affajr 
i brought to light by Durham's hus-
band, Constance (without missing a 
beat) denies it and covers up for her 
husband and his mistress, rendering 
her friends and husband speechless. 

Russell plays this critical scene 
brilliantly, infusing Constance's man-
ners with such charm, poise and cool 
incerity that for a suspended moment 

even the other characters look as if 
they might start to believe her a er-
tive logic themselves. RusseU makes 
Constance's quick thinking seem both 
effortless and spontaneous at the same 

( WIFE, page 12] 

ASSOCIATE DSTUDENTS2006 

ELECTIONS 

THURSDAY, APRil 13, 2006 

Want to 
o 

or e-

a part of 
· ue? 

Get your submi s in ay 4/17 for a 
chance to light up our ~apers pages. 

Oregon State University is a cutting-edge 
research community that's making a 
powerful difference in the world ... thanks to 
students like you_ 

If you want a grad school experience like 
no other-one that includes community, 
creativity, collaboration, and incredible 
natural beauty-<ome to Oregon State 
University where the grass Is green almost 
year·round. 

You're JU5\ one dick away from being here: 
orelonsta~e.edu/dept/lrad _ schooll 

Visit us at the california Forum for Diversity 
22nd at USC 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 11 

3th, 14th, 15th, 4""'''' .... _ u.vv· .... 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Students $6 I Staff/Faculty $7 I General Admission $8 
Tickets on sale at UCSD Box Office (858) 534-8497 and at the door 

Full & Pdrt- Tlfl1e Sdl~~s ASSOclCltes 
We are seeking enthusiastic individuals to join our team . " you are 
customer service oriented and have good communication skills, we 
would like to talk to you . We provide comprehensive training, including 
sales skills and product kno.wledge . Retail sales experienca is helpful , 
but not required. Must be able to work a flexible retail schedule includIng 
evenings, weekends and holidays. Compensation consists of an hourly 
base rate, PLUS the opportunity to earn commission and incentive pay 
on petsonal sales . We offer great benefits for eligible employees . 

For details, call Daniel : (858) 459·8504 
or fax resume: (858) 689-4997 Attn : La Jolla position 

or visit our website & complete preliminary online application : 
www.radioshackcareers.com 

® RadioShack· 
equal opportunity employe, dedica ted to diversity in the workplace 

Do you have a hectic schedule? Maybe private 
tutoring is for you!! If you're interested in working 
one-on-one, call today. We have excellent 
private tutoring packages available! 

Courses for the June 12th LSAT begin: 
April 22nd 
April 29th 

Courses for the September 30th LSAT begin: 
June 24th 
July 8th 
August 12th 
Sign up before June 2nd and receive $1 OO!! 

Call now to register. Space is limited! 
800-2Review - PrincetonReview.com 

LSAT ia I ..elb Ured trademuk. oftlle Law School Adml •• lon Council 
(LSAC) . lbe Prlncelon Rnlew and lb. PrmcnOll Rnlew lop are 
lrademarks for The P,mcnon RnI.w. lIe. lbe Prmerton Renew. Inc . II 
Dol alI1ial'" with Prlncelon Unlnnlty . 

••• '1' 1' ,. , I' t t t •• •• I •• "' " 1 ,1' t .,., •• t •• I. t t. t" •• t ••• l ' 1 ., 

, 



" 

12 HIATUS 

cordially Invites you 
and a atI8nd an ADVAICE SCREEIII& 

... ....., .............. " 

.riln.Ti, 
WHERE lORE PEOPLE 
VOTE FOR A POP IOl 
THAlTDfIIT 

Stop by ~ Guardian office (upstairs In Old Student Center) 
to pick up your complimentary pass (admit 2t 
~ anM farly. stating is Ilmltfd on a first-<olM. first-sm;ed bisIs. Tht.tff Is 0ftfb00Rd to 
_Ie. full house. this piSS dots NOT guiranttt you a Sfil No idrnlttarn once S<JfftIing has 

begun. No puKhast nK~sary. OM pass per person. 
IN THEATERS EVERYWHERE APRIL 21st 

ProFlowers® 
The Art of Fresher Flowers"" 

Customer Service 
JOIN A FUN PLACE TO WORK! 

• Do you have great customer service? 
• Are you internet saavy? 

• Are you PC proficient in a Windows environment? 
• Do you thrive in a fast paced environment? 

IF THE ANSWER IS YES TO THESE QUESTIONS, 
THEN WE WANT TO TALK TO YOU! 

ProFlowers is the largest direct-from-the-grower internet-based 
flower company offering the freshest flowers to its customers. We 
are looking for individuals who possess superior customer service 

skills to assist in our call center for our busy spring season. This is a 
seasonal positio~. Flexible schedules available. Fast-paced, high 
energy, fun environment! Pay rate: $1 OIhr + night differential. 

We are located off the 805 and Mira Mesa Blvd. exit. 
Interested candidates please e-maillfax/mail your resume to: 

jobs@proflowers.com 
5005 Wateridge Vista Drive • San Diego, CA 92121 

Fax: 858-638-4974 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

summer 
SLEEPOVER 

·Hurryl. ~ .. Ie endI4fl7/OtJ. PricetlI,! per penon. per nlthl s..- rMr1cttone 
"'csrfe .. I. co ..... "' time of print _ out of San Diego TI_ lnet ..... iicellle "-- not Ind'~' 

T "0'7580-40 ....... -- -. 

743 4111 A ••.• 1It FI •• r (619) 544.9632 
UCSD Price C •• t.r St. 7. (858) 452.0630 

a.j'i'TRAVEL I 
I www.statravel.com I ~ 

~~ceive a free ~UCSD ~UMNI" license plate frame when you 
Jom the AlumnI AsSOCIation as a New Grad Member during 
the 2006 Bookstore Grad Fair, April 17·19, 2006 II VISit us at: www.alumni.ucsd.edu or call: 858.?34.3900 

THURSDAY. APRIL 13. 2006 

Fonner '3rd Rock' 
Star Grows Into a 

Leading Man 
• IRICK, from page 8 
and nearly all adult interference. The 
scope is IW'J'OMd to the drab settings 
of these nearly invisible dramas - the 
school parking lot. the empty football 
field. a phone booth, a water drain-
age tunnel. Lonely places - lonely as 
Brendan, who pushes himself deeper 
into a living inferno as much out of 
masochism as love. He's always sharp, 
always brave, yd his despair makes 
him eminently likeable. and Gordon-
Levitt's intelligent charm probably has 
something to do with it, too. Between 
this role and that of a teenage hustler 
in 2004's "Mysterious Skin; the former 
"3rd Rock from the Sun" kid proves 
he's got the range required for the big 
time. 

The fihn's pretension, though, is at 
the same time its biggest asset - alter-

nate�y making it coolly clever or hilari-
ously tongue-in-cheek - and its inher· 
ent IIaw. The speedy delivery packs 
delectable suspense. but the rushed 
explanations aren't terribly satisfying. 
nor the characters' motivations suf-
ficiently mined. What it offers is an 
awkward. mesmerizing mood - out 
of time, out of place and definitely out 
of mind. Oh, yeah, remember high 
school? 

'Constant Wife' 
Jabs at Matrimony's 
Double-Standards 

• WIFE, from page 10 
time, piquing the audience's amused 
interest at what other clever inspira-
tions she might concoct next. 

Maugham aims his sharp wit at 
gender equality. the double-standards 
of marital roles and the interpreta-
tion of marriage. Constance becomes 
Maugham's subtle, and therefore 
believable, spokeswoman for femi-
nism, and some of the play's most 
insightful lines are derived from the 
humorous observations of Constance 
herself. 

Despite her loved ones' stunned 
objection that she should be furl-
ous with her cheating husband, 
Constance is surprisingly affable and 
calm. A working woman and house-
wife, Constance points out, helps 
shoulder the burden for her husband 
but a wealthy woman has everything 
taken care of for her. She comes to 
the conclusion that a modem wife is 
a leech and "a prostitute who doesn't 
deliver the goods.- Instead ofbecom-
ing angry at her husband for his phi-
landering ways, Constance shrewdly 
seeks to redefine her marriage on 
her own empowering and liberating 
terms. 

"Constant Wife" also benefits from 
the strength of its supporting cast and 
the beauty of its set design. Ralph 
FuniceUo creates a glowing effect with 
his white-on-white walls and furni-
ture. yet pulls it all together with a 
breathtaking chandelier to create a 
warm radiance. 

John Middleton (Wynn Harmon) 
becomes less of a charming cad and, 
especially in the later scenes, exposes 
vulnerability and pouting boyishness 
that gives his character an almost 
sympathetic humanity. But it is 
Kandis Chappell, playing Constance's 
mother Mrs. Culver, who nearly 
steals the show with her deadpan 
and brutally honest remarks, such 
as the advice she gives her daughter: 
"Men were meant by nature to be 
wicked . and delightful and deceive 
their wives. And ,wmen were meant 
to be virtuous and forgiving and to 
suffer vel bosely." 

"Constant Wife" has been regarded 
as a comedy of manners, but under-
neath its innocent exterior is a humor-
ous critique on equality and class. 

-TIw Corutmll Wifr- /$ show;"l 
tIrmup MGy 7 tit tItt Old Globe ~ 
irt &IIbtM Ari willi ticIrds nmgirtg 
fr- $1910 $59. For tidr.et ~ 
cwIl (619) ~GWBE or visit www. 
theoIcIaIobe-org. J 

THURSDAY. APRil 13, 2006 

EVENTS 
Watch ....... ~ VI. 5tMford. 
tomorrow night 7pm at RIMAe. (4113) 

Numbers! No. 14 UCSO vs. No. 11 UC 
Santa Barbara In ............. PeIo. this 
Saturday. AprIl 15th • 3pm It Canyonvlew 
Pool. (4/13) 

FrM ChlpotIe burritos to the first 100 
students at this Saturday's softball game 
against Cal State Dominguez Hills. Noon 
at the Softball Fle!d (north of RIMAC). 
(4/13) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

TuE~1AN 
CLASSI FI EDS 

The UCSD GIMJnIjan ..-ws 1M right to cIHsKy, edit. delete oI'IInsiw words _ ~ 
IIWJIOf refuse lIlY IIId 011 ~ts without prior notIf\QtIon. The AdwrtIser will not 
hold the GuatdIGn lloble for lnf claims ~ng from 1M pubIIatlon aI!he adwrtisemenl. 
The publist- will also not be hold ICcounbbie for lnf cWm from an agreement mode 
be\we@n !he adwrtIser and 1M conSUIMf. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser fOf .. rOf .. In 'Ofder to be COfrected in the next 
'egular issue, all errors must be reponed by the corresponding deadline. Credit wtll only be 
given fOf the Incorrect ponlon of the advertisement. ~ are no refunds for cancellations. 
PIeue send. comspondena ........... CIusIfIedI to: 
UC50 GuardIM. Attn: CIauIfIech, 9500 Gilman DrIve 1031 1 6. La JoIIo. CA 92093. 
ActueIIocdon: SCudent Center A, loom Z 17, 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per zo __ . 

Faculty" Staff: $7.SO ..... 20 wardl 
All others: $11 per 10 -* 

Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20.00 per column inch 
DeAdlines: 

Pub. Dote DliPIoY Ads Line Ads 
_ . • ..... MONlwk 4pmMONlwk 
n.u... • ..... TM 1 wit 4 pm TH 1 wk 

CLASSIFIEDS 1 3 

696-7466. Full Info at www.fertliltylltema-
tlves.com (6111) 

Help Wanted/part time: light office work 
at Hillcrest Optometric practice. Flexible 
hours. opportunity for growth. Contact 
Fran.or Masha, 619-29S-4194. (4120) 

UCSD students to teach/tutor students 
K-llth grade In English and Math. 
Preferably math and English majors. Email: 
uni@lunlacademy.com (4120) 

. SERVICES 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
email: adsucsdguiU'div.@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Tennis @ Noon - USPTR Instructor will 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 min. _ 
lesson any time between 11-2, M-f. UCSD 
special: 1 or 2 players $20. Call 619-787-
5475 (4127) 

Movie Ioftn should ... the eel on .,.,. 
12 In todIIy'1 I .... , and stop by the 
Guardian office (upstairs. Old Student 
Ci nter) for a pillS for 2 to .1IIMk p,.w.. 
of "AlMriun o...mz- In MbsIon V .. .., 
AMC. We also have a limited amount of 
t-shlns. posters and hats. First come. first 
served. (4113) 

What will you do after UCSD1 Get the 
answers at the ut. 101 seminar on 4122 
from 1 Oam-3pm. Register online athttpJI 
alumnl.ucsd.eduJIIfe101 . (4/20) 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. $725-$1050 ...., 
c.aJacki 

(858'565-2144 

EMPLOYMENT 

children in a variety of fun settings www. 
dayc:ampjobs.com. (5730) 

Gymnastics instructors wanted - Solana 
Beach. elementary-aged children. Pays 
sa·14/hr, experience/productivity/person-
ality matter. Hours available Mon.-Thurs. 
afternoons. Sat. mornings. 858-481-4966 
or www.trcgymnastlcs.com (4120) 

Summer Day Camp Counselors Needed! 
Stay here In San Diego; Drive a camp van 
to and from camp In Rancho Penasquitos 
Oust east of Carmel Valley). Makl! a differ-
ence In the life of a child I 858-487-6000. 
www.outpostsummercamps.com (4/27) 
. 

Day Camps - San Fernando I Conejo Valleys. 
Counselors. Lifeguards. Gym, Fishing. 
Canoeing. Horseback Riding. Music. Drama. 
More. $3000-$3600+ I summer. 888-784-
CAMP. www.workatcamp.com (S/8) 

Pool" landscape Cl!!anlng " Maintenance 
at the new Canyonview pool. Shifts avail-
able between Sam-12 noon. Mon.·Sun. 
Minimum shift is 2 hours. 8-19 tus/wet!k. 
Must be UCSD student. See job '619065 at 
careers.ucsd.edu or call 5~35. (4/13) 

PART TIME La Jolla Medical Records clerk 
Summer Day Camps-LA. Area. Swimming. 25 hours per week. Prmous medical offlce 
horses, sports. arts and crafts, beaches. . experience required. Fax resume to 858-
ropes courses, and much more www/Jay- 535-9390. (4120) 
campjobs.com. (5130) -----------

Rewarding Summer Jobs- LA. Area. Gain 
valuable experience while working with 

CROSSWORD 

ACIOSS 
1 Break in I --.:e 
5 eo.""file 
9 Entire '""II" • 
14 Zenool 
15 CeI"'~1o 
16 Absinlhe ftavori"8 
17 Cuy wtth .... "1' hob 
20 F...to!he kitty 
21 ·o.rm V ........ • femme falale 
22 Dot! tass 
23 Catch si,-- of 
25 Minefindo 
28 Qualification of 17A 
35 Slard in fie WI!)' of 
36 Diredor 8U11Dn 

OffIce Assistant - part time making xerox 
copies for organic food certiflcation busi-
ness. Near UCSD. 10 hrsIwk. Moo-Wed. 

37 ObIisi"8 act 
38 RocIIy ridtIe 
41 Type of musIwoom 
43 Give bI"" to 
... Ra",,1 
45 Bullpen_I 
47 "_ the wind ard nothi"8 more' 
.8 TV oerIes for 17 A 
53 Sports "'8-
54 Sc.1r1ett'. pI.ntation 
55 IIIouhoho 
58 Sons of the LPGA 
60 Bindleoliff 
64 RmI ..... for17A 
68 Mr. r . outfil 

$10th,. Email resumealexis@qua·inc.com 
(4/ 17) 

Childcare for 5-month old at my home 
(near No. Torrey Pines" La Jolla Shores). 

u~ to 15 hrs/Wk (spring quarter). Contact 
sofia@ucsd.edu w/experience and refer-
ences. (4/13) 

Babysitter needed In Carmel Villey for 5-
year old and 2-y1!ar old. 1 afternoonlWeek 
and 2 wet!kl!nd nights/month. Pay neg0-
tiable. Contact emilyroconnor~hotmail. 
com (4/13) 

FOR RENT 
3·bedroom near UTe. UCSD. available 
September. Washer & dryer Included. Near 
bus line. $1950/month. Call (858)792-5934. 
(4/13) 

3.4, 5-bedroom house/townhouses for rent 
. near UCSD. Available July. 2-(lr garage. 
washerldryer and appliances. community 
pool. Call James 858-354-2106 or email 
james!eerentalS@Sbcglobal.net. (4/17) 

FOR SALE 
Prime rooftop Iocallon. 1 brl1 ba condo. 
Privllte. pool view. light and bright, vaulted 
ceilings and skylights. 2-ar garage. $324-
$3591(, 711O-451Hl797. (4/11) 

69 _ bene 
70 Falco or Mea"" 
71 Vogi 
72 Helper: abbr. 
73 Olin or Home 

DOWN 
1 _ vu 
2 Rachins or Tl-licke 
3 Splinl .. group 
4 OI.juwon of the NSA 
5 Brit flyboys 
6 Ratiocinative 
7 Flight·school final 
8 Sickly lack of color 
9 Needlelish 
10 Collection of anecdotes 
11 Kird 01 skirt 
12 Second-hand 
13 Polanski fi 1m 
18 Creel< ~k 
19 Pol base 
24 HI'S. in Seaale 
26 Faili"8lJ1'1des 
27 Ci""", cookie 
28 Disconcert 
29 Stupor: pref. 
30 Kird oIleam or boat 
31 Arab leader: Yar. 
32 Built like Humpty Dumpty 
33 One situation 
34 Gennan arti .. Max 
39 Fed. I.,..... 
40 Monumental 
4-2 Defncltions 
46 Gardner of 'On the 1IMch" 
49 Lady's acIdn!IS 
50 A'lJl'lllineport 
51 Art Deco Irtist 
52 Mime Morc .. u 
55 Ficlionol whole< 
56 See rqjUIarly 
57 Lulu 
59 Son of Seth 
61 Helper 
62 PrImary 
63 Entreoty 
65 _ es Salaam 
66 Si""", Sumac 
67 Novelist Conroy 

See SOLUTIONS on PIP 10 

WANTED 

10mft JEWISH ASHKENAZI 
EGG DONOR NEEDED 

WI! are Sl!eklng women who have 
blue-green ~ are under the age of 

29. SAT 1300+. physically fit and 
maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 
If you have a desire to help an 

infertile family and would like more 
Information please contact us. 

$U,IM (PLUS All ElPEIISES) 
Email: darle ..... rfIctmGfdt.com 

1 ..... 2.41 .. 2. 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors Needed. 
$8000-$15000 for qualified. responsible 
applicants. All ethnic backgrounds wel-
come. Special Need for Jewish. Asian. and 
East Indian donors. Close personal support 
by experienced donor. Call Dawn @ 951 -

INVEST 

PERSONALS 
Acill1U1's Movie Trivia. Trivia fever seems 
to be waning- for the second Monday in 
a raw. no one emailed the correct answer. 
FYI, it was Sammy Jackson's recital of 
Ezekla125:17 (in Pulp Fiction). Movie 1011-
In should .. the eel on pIIge 121n tIIIdIIy'1 
m... and stop by the Guardian office 
(upstairs, Old Student Center) for a pIllS for 
l to the adv8nced "IMfII", of "Anlerican 
~. In MIuIon V .. .., AMC. We also 
have a limited amount of t·shirts. posters 
and hats. first come, first served. (4/13) 

Hugh Hefner just celebrated his 80th birth-
day with his four twenty-something girl-
friends. No. those weren't TIc Tacs. (4/13) 

I N YOUR FUTURE 

Sunny Morris 
REALTOR 
(858) 775-5801 Cell 

As UCSD grows, SO will 
the desirability of the 
surrounding community. 
Invest in property and in 
years your equity will pay 
off your student loans. Just 
west of 1-5, less than a mile 
of UCSD, this condo boasts 
beautiful cherry wood 
kitchen cabinets, granite 
counters, stainless appli-
aces, travertine and 
carpeted floors. Located in 
the Villa Tuscana condo 
complex this 2bd'/2ba. 
Unit is ready to move in. 
Priced at $539,000. 

Sunny.MorrU@cunlMS.com I www.CI.IIIOYes.com/Sunny.Morris 

xou 'ever used stimulants ~~e 
coca me" n;leth, sf1eed, or Ritalin" \ 

. .... 'r ... out a presc~n? f so, you rna,' 
be.etfgibleto participate in a/ i )'\ 

, . ,...,./ , ,,' t, t 

IKSJ) Blain Imaging Stucb'\ '~ 
and ~eive $l30and a plcttlt~ ot,0 

~ . , 
yourbrairr~fcomptete-- , . ./ 

partici . ion. , 



14 

-. 

IMI. Riversidel 
TRAVEL STUDY 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 2006 

ARGENTINA • BUENOS AIRES 
Argentina: Theatre, Film, Spectacle and Human Rights 
July 31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

ENGLAND • LONDON 
Tudor England 
June 26 - July 29, 2006 

MEXICO, MERIDA 
History of Mexico 
July 31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

SPAIN • MADRID 
Spanish Immersion in Madrid 
June 26 - July 2~, 2006 

VIETNAM • HUE 
Understanding Vietnam 
July 31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

lotus I'ond, 00".". 

Some financial aid and scholarships are available for qualified Individuals. Non·UC Riverside 
students should contact their home campus Financial Aid Offices for assistance. 
For Information: 
Travel Study Program 
1200 University Avenue, Rm , 326 
Riverside, California 92507-4596 
(951) 827-3044; fax (951) 827-7370 
E-mail: Travelstudy@ucr.edu 
Web site: Summer,ucr,edu/travelstudy 

INTERESTED IN BECOMING A 
PEER EDUCATOR??III 

Then fill out an application to join UCSD Psychological and 
Counseling Services' Peer Education Program ••• 

PEER EDUCATQRS are trained to work together in groups 
to educate students on a variety of issues. You will have 

opportunities to design and present educ~tional workshops, 
provide one-on-one feedback to students, assist in facHitating 
group sessions, and learn more about issues that intrigue you. 

Join one of three GREAT programs ... 
Wellness Peer Educators 
Women's Peer Educators 

SAFE (Substance/Alcohol Feedback & Education) 
Peer Educators 

Learn more about the Peer Education Program through: 
UCSD Psychological and Counseling Services at (858) 534-3755 

O~ visit us at : http://psychservlces.ucsd.edu 

Applications are to be completed on-line 
and can be found on our website. 

ALL APPLICATIONS ARE DUE FRIDAY, APRIL 21 stili 
Come to our Information Session Tuesday, April 18th from 
6-7pm in the Price Center, Berkeley Room to learn more! 

Don't miss this excifing opportunity to be a peer educator!!! 

. ., 

THURSDAY, APRil 13, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

No. 15 Tritons Look to Game With Gauchos 
• WATER POLO, from page 16 . 

Luckily for the Tritons, it turned 
out to be a fairly easy win, unlike the 
inconsistent results at the UC Davis 
Shootout on April 8 and April 9. In 
the first matchup against UC Santa 
Cruz on April 8, Hockett led the way 
to victory with four goals, supported 
by freshman utility Nicole Affierback, 
who added three more to the score to 
squash the Banana Slugs with a finish 
of 17-6. 

The next game, however, pitted 
UCSD against the host Aggies and 
proved to be more problematic for the 
Tritons, who were defeated in a close 
5-6 matchup. 

The next day of competition proved 
to be1Ulother split day for the Tritons, 

as they lost in overtime to No. 20 Santa 
Clara University and beat unranked 
Colorado State University by a score 
of 14-6. 

Bajorek called the Saota Oara loss 
a ·strange game because of some exter-
nal factors," referring to the fact that 
the players were not able to receive 
guidance from their coach, Larry 
Sanders, who was red carded in the' 
Davis game. 

No matter how inconsistent the 
results over the last few weeks, there 
is no doubt that Sanders has helped 
mold a dedicated team. The team's 
endurance of seven-and·a·half-hour· 
a-day practices during spring break 
serves as a testament to the player's 
desire, 

"Our team has an amazing amount 
of depth and are insanely driven; 
Perkins said. 

Though most of the girls are 
willing to admit that practices have 
slowed down somewhat from the 
intense training to more strategy-
based sessions, their motivation is 
still in full throttle as the last few 
weeks of the season approach, 

"Quantity of practicing is dimin-
ished, but the quality is improving 
greatlf, Bajorek said. "I think we are all 
more focused and sharp now that we're 
getting down to crunch time," 

The ladies will see if they can con-
tinue to make some waves at their next 
home game against UC Santa Barbara 
on April 15, 

Singles Play Rallies UCSD Over Lions 
• T1:NNIS, from page 16 
besl tennis I've seen her play," 

According to laPlante, the Tritons' 
well·earned win may add to their 
mental edge, as Vanguard had previ· 
ously defeated UCSD rival University 
of Hawaii·Hilo. The victory also gives 

the Tritons momentum heading into 
their last three league matches, two of 
which are against Cal Poly Pomona, 
undefeated in conference play. 

"It's a must-win against Pomona 
and today's match definitely will help; · 
she said, "They are a pretty good 

••• 
, f 

team, but as long as we play like we 
can, they shouldn't be a problem." 

The Tritons square off against Cal 
State Bakersfield on April 14 at 2 p.m, 
before ending their regular season 
against Cal Poly Pomona on April 19 
and April 22. 

SPORTS 15 

Cklpotle 
SOPHISTICATED TASTE. 

VILlA LA aLA & _L 
•• • ':.: .... . ... ..... ... I •• ' ••••• I •• , ••• , . •••••• _ ••• ' . ' ... .. ... " • ••• , •• l • , , • I •••• I • I ••••• I , • , , , I • • , , , , I • , , 

• t' , 

-

• 

.. 



HOT CORNER 

Men's Tennis THE~ 16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rae! EnLeen 
sports@ucsdguardiall .org SPORTS The No. 13 Tritons won their fifth-straight match, beating Cal Poly Pomona on April 12 by a score of 9-0 and maintaining their undefeated record in Division-II competition. 
________________________ THURSDAY, APRil 13, 2006 

No. 15 Water Polo Breezes By Chapman University, 14-3 

, BillY WONG/GUARDI"N 
Sophomore goalkeeper Kim Hockett was a brick wall infront o/the net in the TritollS' l4-3 win ouer Chapman University on Aprillll. HbcIcett 
did her part, holding the Panthers to three goals, and UCSD's offense performed as well, with Hockett's sister, Natalie, notchingfiue goals. 

.Hockett's fiv~ goals 
lead Tritons to big 
win over Panthers 
and 15-13 overall 
season record. 

By Nicky Buchanan 
TAFF WRITER 

The No. 15 UCSD women's water 
polo swept away with a crushing 14-
3 win over Chapman University in 
the familiar water of the Canyonview 
Pool on April 12, improving the tearn's 
record to 15-13 on the season. . 

UCSD carne out with a lot of energy 
and pumped out a 4-0 lead at the start 
of the match with two goals by senior 
driver Flynn laRochelle and one each 
from junior two-meter Natalie Hockett 
and junior utility Michelle Perkins. 

The team would add one more goal 
for a 5-0 lead and go into the half with 
everything working. 

Sophomore utility Nicole Hermann 
described the Tritons" efforts against 
Chapman as "a smoothly executed 
game of constant momentum:' 

The momentum carried over into 
the second half, as the Tritons con-
tinued their barrage with goals from 
junior two-meter Sarah Bajorek and 
Hermann and two from senior two-

meter Kirsten Frazer. After the quick 
start to the half, the Triton saw their 
9-0 shutout prospects v~ish, as the 
Panthers scored their first goal of the 
match with one minute, 48 seconds 
left in the third quarter on a goal by 
junior driver Kristen Carter. Junior 
driver Miho Umezawa answered back 
with a goal of her own to retuUJ the 
Panthers' deficit to nine by the end of 
the period. 

Chapman went on to score two 
more meaningless points before the 
bell tolled. UCSD's offense proved too 
strong for the Panther defense in the 
fourth quarter, as Hockett tallied three 
more goals and Bajorek added the final 
goal, her second of the game, for the 
14-3 win. 

The final score was proof of the 
Tritons' domination and questioned 
whether Chapman could compete with 
a perennial water polo powerhouse 
like UCSD. 

Umezawa, whose steal and goal 
put the Tritons up by nine in the tl\ird 
quarter, wasn't too concerned with the 
pressure of her opponents from the 
tart. 

"They don't seem to have such a 
developed program and just couldn't 
seem to keep up with us or put their 
shots away," Urnezawa said. 

[WATER.POLO,page IS] 

Women Need to Appreciate 
Sport, Not Dumb It Down 

Tritons Trump Vanguard In .Battle 

I hate to admit it, but sometimes ports and girls don't mix. Dang it; there, I said it. After many, 
many years of complete denial, I have 
fmally come to this conclusion with 
two little events in the past couple of 
months that really ticked me off. 

Event number one: Strolling 
through UCSD Bookstore one day I 
passed by a table of books when Holly 
Robinson Peete's (star of "Hangin' 
with Mr. Cooper") face caught my 
eye. Stopping for a brief second I 
noticed the title of her book: "Get Your 
Own Damn Beer, 
I'm Watching the 
Game! A Woman's 
Guide to Football." 
Intrigued and 
repelled, I flipped 
through the book, 
only to find cave-
man-style dia-
grams marking where the field goals 
and yard lines were on a football field, 
among other basic facts. 

Disgusted that someone would 
actually devote time to completely 
dumb down a sport and further dis-
gusted that people would buy a book 
a fifth -grader could have written, I 
went onto Amazon.com to fmd if 
anyone else had capitalized on the 
women demographic. To my surprise, 
there wereJour other books that dumb 
down football specifically for women. 

Repulsed, I searched for "man's 
guide to shopping" to see if the play-
ing field was level, only to come across 
the titles "Handbook of Lingerie: A 
Man's Guide to Choosing Lingerie 
fo r the Woman in His Life" and "The 
Ultimate Guide to Fellatio: How to Go 
Down on a Man and Give Him Mind-
Blowing Pleasure:' I mean, eriously, 
who are these people kidding? 

Which leads me 10 event number 
two: A couple days ago, a friend told 
me a story about how she was sit-
ting in an airport when he heard 
another girl having a phone conver-
sation along the lines of: "Oh yeah, 
and then I went to a Warriors game 
yesterday ... " followed by a question 
from the other end of the phone, and 
then the response: "Oh the Warriors? 
They're a basketball tearn!" And then 
I was hit with the reality: Just as there 
are men who would Tead a: book to 

buy lingerie, there are women who 
would read a watered-down book to 
learn about a sport. 

But I refuse to believe that women 
and sports are like oil and water. If 
anything, women should be more into 
sports than guys are; if you're not 
watching a sports game for the plays, 
watching any game is like watching 
your own Mr. America Pageant, com-
plete with the preening and glamour 
as men sweat and glisten in their 
quest to victory. There is a reason 
why it's the 21 st century BattIe of the 

Gladiators. Come 
on, girls, don't tell 
me you've never 
thought or heard 
someone ask, 
"Hey, would you 
hit that?" during 
a sports game. 
With so many 

options - Chris Webber, Tiki Barber, 
Mariano Rivera to name a few - how 
could you not find your favorite guy 
to root for? 

On top of everything, it leads to 
even more life-opening opportuni-
ties: "You hate the Lakers too!? Let 
me buy you a drink!" It's also an 
instant conversation starter; frankly, 
the possibilities are endless. 'But the 
bottom-line is: Sports are riveting. 
You don't have to be a sports fanatic 
to get caught up in a buzzer-beat-
ing shot or to claim your favorite or 
most-hated team. Sports are addict-
ing and there's nothing better than 
screaming at your TV when the refs 
are on their knees blowing the game 
or having a good debate with some-
one on how Barry Bonds is still a 
cool guy . . 

The door are wide-open, there's 
a lot to learn and I don't mean to 
single out just women - believe me, 
it's an even bigger turn-off when you 
know more about sports than some 
guy or he says, "I don't really watch 
sports." You don't 'need to read some 
hallow book to learn; just sit down 

one day, catch a good game and you'll 
see what aU the hoopla is about. But 
as Levar Burton say on Reading 
Rainbow, "Don't take my word for it." 
If you haven't already hopped on to 
the sports bandwagon, it's defmitely 
worth your time anti'effort. 

By Danai Leininger 
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

FollOwing an unchallenging and 
uneventful match against Cal State 
Los Angeles, it would have been easy 
for the UCSD women's tennis team to 
become complacent and uninspired 
to improve. However, the Tritons 
did not fall \;ctim to the illusion 
of effortless success, instead grind-
ing out a hard-fought win against 
Vanguard University on April 12. 

In their match against league 
opponent Cal State Los Angeles on 
April 8, UCSD's skills went untested ' 
as it trounced the Golden Eagles 
in a 9-0 rout. The Tritons breezed 
through the match, with juniors 
Katie McKee and Kristin Bronowicld 
teaming up again to stomp Cal State 
Los Angeles' No. I doubles tandem 
of Rona Miller and Isis Jackso, 8-3. 
UCSD's remaining doubles partners 
had equal success, with the No. 2 
duo of sophomores Justine Fonte 
and Molly. Sullens and the N<? 3 pair 
freshman Ina Dan and junior Allison 
Legakis both winning their matches 
with 8-4 final scores. 

The Tritons wasted no time in 
relishing in their easy victory and 
refocused their efforts on the upcom-
ing match against the National 
Association of Intercollegiate 
Athletics' No_ 2-ranked V~guard 
University Lions of CQsta Mesa, 
Calif. 

They fell behind early, as the 
usually dependable doubles play fal -
tered, with junior Marsha Malinow 
and Dan securing the only victory, 
8-3, over-Tiffany Teerawat and Olivia 
Amstad. 

Sullens, who, with partner Fonte, 
fell in the No. 3 doubles spot, attrib-
uted the initiaUy weak play to her 
own errors. 

"We were missing shots that we 
normally should make; she said. "I 
feel like we beat ourselves." 

Despite the lackluster showing in 
doubles competition, the Tritons bat-
tled back in Singles play to win four 
of ~Ix faceoffs. Both No. I and No. 2 
seeded Malinow and Dan dropped 
their bouts.to Hana Jurcovicova and 
Amy Brown, but Bronowicki, Sullens 
and freshman Amelia Larkin tallied 
points in favor of the Tritons. 

ullens had faith that her team 
would be'able to bounce back fullow-

BillY WONG/GUARDIAN 
Freshman Ina Dan could not overcome Vanguard University's Amy Brown in a tlrree-set 
match, but the Tritons rallied ~round her and pulled off the suprisillg 5-4 win on April 12. 
ing the doubles losses. 

"It was frustrating against a good 
team knowing we had to win four 
out of six singles matches; she said. 
"But we were. very confident that 
everyone would do weU." 

In what was undoubtedly the 
most exciting match of the after- . 
noon, Fonte fought both Damia 
Donkervoort and Donkervoorts 
supporters. According to Fonte, the 
fans, including Donkervoort's par: 
ents, exhibited poor sportsmanship 
and at times became unruly and tact-
less, cheering for Fonte's misplays. In 
addition, Donkervoort annoyingly 
contested many line calls, and a line 
judge had to be summoned in order 
for play to resume. 

Although Fonte fell behind early, 
lOSing the first set and trailing in the 
econd et,'she mounted an impres-

sive comeback. o.n the brink of 
defeat, she edged out Donkervoort, 
7-6, to force a third set. Fonte found 
her composure and ran away with 
the third set, 6-2, winning the match 
and series for the Tritons. 

Fonte, who i stiU undefeated on 
the season, said she has enjoyed her 
run thoroughly. 

''I'm a lot more relaxed this sea-
son," she said. "There aren't any 
scouts or schools I need to impress, 
and I'm able to enjoy playing tennis 
and it shows:' 

Head coach Liz LaPlante said that 
Fonte has improved this season. 

"1t took some great tennis and 
concentration on her part to win a 
very close set and take it to three 
[sets) ; she said. "This was Justine's 

[ TENN I page IS 1 


