
MALES BEST BUSINESS FOR FEMALE-ONLY COLLEGES. OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www. ucsdguardian. 0 rg MONDA Y, OCTOBER 2, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

eONGRESS 
TACKLES 

BOOK COSTS 
Government report 
detailing rising 
textbook prices 
prompts an inquiry 
into affordability. 

By Candice Wu 
STAff WRITER 

Members of Congress and the 
u.s. Dep¥fment of Education began 
an official investigation of skyrock-
eting textbook prices in respoilse 
to a report conducted by the u.s. 
Government Accountability Office 
that found textbook prices had gone 
up an average of 6 percent every year 
for the past 19 years. 

Rep. David Wu (D-Ore.) requested 
[ lOOKS, page 7 ) 

FOCUS 

Glass Ceiling? 
Female ~ stnIggle to gain 
repmentulion in oolJege sciena!s and 
PIli 10 

Khanna Takes Admin's 
Cable Policy in Stride 

A.S. president decries 
finalized acceptable use 
policy, but is ready to 
move past 'drama of 
Student-Run Television. 

By Charles Nguyen 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

While A.S. Council President 
Harry Khanna assured compliance 
with the newly approved document 
governing Triton Cable stations 
- following months of negotiations 
between Khanna and Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Student Life Gary R. 
Ratcliff to ease content restrictions 
- the student leader admitted he is 
bitter over administrator's formalized 
stance on indecent programming. 

In the cable network's new accept-
able use policy, the university pro-
hibits the use of profanity between 
the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. 
and, against Khanna's recommen -

dations, indecent images including 
"intercourse, fellatio, cunnilingus or 
masturbation:' 

The policy's establishment comes 
after John Muir College alumnus 
Steve York - former editor of the 
satirical Koala that publishes, among 
other things, sexual material -
broadcast multiple episodes of por-
nography on Student-Run Television 
in which he had sexual intercourse 
with an adult fUm star. After the 
airing, administrators demanded a 
concrete definition of permissible 
content on SRTV and the wider 
Triton Cable network. 

"[The original policy] did not 
include supporting details to clarify 
the term [that prohibits sexual con-
tent]," Ratcliff stated in an e-mail. 

Station officials admitted that 
the previous station charter con-
tained broad wording that allowed 
York's airing, but opposed the AUP's 
revised definition. Despite protests 
from Khanna and former SRTV co-

[ AUP, page 8 J 

Council Seeks All-Campus Graduation Regents 
Sign Off on 
Contentious 

Bonuses 

Sudent government 
leaders want to restore 
campuswide 
ceremonies to attract 
better speakers. 

By Dora Schddlinga 
STAFF WRITER 

In response to the 
Undergraduate Student Experience 
and Satisfaction report, the A.S. 
Council, led by its senior sena-
tors, has proposed an all-campus 
baccalaureate to administrators to 
supplement the individual college 
commencements. 

The proposal was meant to spe-
cifically address principles four and 
six of the U.S.E.S. report, which 
emphasize "the need for traditions" 
and "the need for campuswide 
events, traditions and rituals." The 
report, compiled by faculty, stu-
dents and alumni, was released last 
year. 

The A.S. Council has made it 
clear that its intention is not to 
replace each college's commence-
ments, which allow for more per-
sonal recognition, but merely to 
supplement them with a campus-
wide celebration. 

OF ALEXANDER VAROND 
Administrators prepare for Thurgood Marshall College's graduation ceremony last June. 
Studtnt leaders have proposed to u~ite colleges this year Ilia an aU-rompus baccalaureate. 
intimate setting." However, John Muir College 

Last week, the council passed a Dean of Student Affairs Patty 
unanimous resolution favoring the Mahaffey said all-campus gradua-
proposal. UCSD Chancellor Marye lions would not necessarily attract 
Anne Fox, who attended the meet-famous speakers, but related speaker 
ing. had no immediate answer for recrwtment to financing. 
the council on whether or not the "Speakers cost a lot of money, 
ceremony could be implemented. so it aIJ comes down to funding." 

Councilmembers hope an Mahaffey said. "We have some 
all-campus baccalaureate would amazing faculty on campus which 
attract "big name" speakers that would make some great choices. But 
would aIJow UCSD graduations to in order to get someone from off 
be comparable to those of similar campus it would take a lot of money 
institutions, which routinely attract coming from several places." 
prominent speakers, according to Senators have admitted prob-
Rodriguez-PalaciOS. lems in aquiring futtds for such 

·Students ask, 'Why aren't an event, prompting them to 
we good enough to have a presi- request financial help from Vice 
dent speak at our graduation?'" Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Rodrigeuz-Palacios said. "The Joseph W. Watson. 

By Matthew McArdle 
NEWS EDI TO R 

The UC Board of Regents retroac-
tively approved more than $6 million 
in payments criticized by internal and 
state audits for lacking proper approval 
at their meetin~ last month in San 
Francisco. 

Included among the employees 
who had their payments approved 
were three UCSD vice chancellors 
with a total combined compensation 
in excess ofSl40,OOO. 

For the nearly 140 employees 
involved, the regents decided against 
asking for the money back, reasoning 
that the employees should not be pun-
ished since they were not ultimately 
accountable for making sure payments 
were properly approved and disclosed 
to the public. 

"We don't feel that we can ethically 
do anything but honor those commit-
ments," Regent Judith Hopkinson said 
at the meeting. 

The board's action mirrors its July 
decision, when the regents signed off 
more than S 1 million in payouts and 
benefits for multiple top executives. 

UCSD Vice Chancellor of Resource 
Management and Planning John A. 

"The individual college com-
mencements are still very impor-
tant," Eleanor Roosevelt College 
Senior Senator Erik Rodriguez-
Palacios said. "The all-campus bac-
calaureate is meant to serve u a 
kickoff to the individual college 
commencements, which are a more 

answer is, yes, we are good 
. enough:' [ GRADUATION, page 7 ) [ RfCENTS, page 7] 

SPOITS 

Setting Up a Streak 
Women's volleyball sweeps Sonoma and 
Humboldt, sealing afive-game winning strealc. 
pepao 

INSIDE 
lights and Sirens ................... 3 
Column .................................... 5 
Site Seen ............................... 10 
Campus Calendar .. .............. 14 
Classifieds ............................. 16 
Crossword ............................. 16 

WEATHER 
... 

Oct 2 Oct 3 
H72 LS8 H68LS8 

... 
Oct. Oct 5 

H67L55 H66L54 



2 NEWS 

SHORTY 

CURRENTS ------
Cal Makes Courses 

Available on Coogle 
UC Berkeley made history a the 

firsl university w ith its own page on 
the Google Video Web site with its 
a nnoun em nt this week that it will 
be de livering course lectures and 
sympo ia free of charge through the 
popular site. Viewers of the page 
will be able to access about a half-
dozen full courses, with ubje IS 
ra nging from physics to biology to 
business. The campus is set to fur-
Iher it "coursecasting" .agreement 
with Google Video in the coming 
months, and has made limited aca-
demic content available to the pub-
lic for down loading since 2001. 

Campus Appoints 
Stem-Cell Director 

UCSD Schoo l of Medicine cellu-
lar and molecular medicine p(ofes-
sor Larry S. B. Goldstein was named 
director 'of the UCSD Stem-Cell 
Program last week. 

Goldstein has poineered UCSD 
stem-cell research in the form of 
the San Diego Consortium for 
Regenerative Medicine, a collabor-
ative consortium formed last spring 
by UCSD, the Scripps Research 
Institute, the Burnham Inst itute 
and the Salk Institute for Biological 
Studies. He was a lso involved with 
Ca lifomia 's Proposition 71, servi ng 
as co-cha ir of the initiative's scientif-
ic adviSOry committee. Proposition 
71, which voters passed in 2004, 
a llocated $3 billion in research 

funding for stem-cell studies across 
the state. 

As head of the program, Goldstein 
will be working to integrate stem-
cell research at UCSD, and will use 
th $1.2 million provided by the 
Califomia Institute of Regenerative 
Medicine to the campus to train 16 
scienti Is in the field of stem-cell 
biology and medicine. 

Study: Menthols Make 
Qui~ing Harder 

Although both menthol and non-
menthol cigarettes are equally harm-
ful to lung and cardiovascular tissue, 
a new study by UC San Francisco 
scientists suggests that people w ho 
smoke menthol cigarettes may have 
a harder time quitting. 

The study, which fo llowed 1,200 
smokers over 15 years, found that 
menthol smokers were a lmost twice 
as like ly to relapse after quitting 
and a lso were less likely to stop 
for substantia l periods of time. The 
authors of the study noted that the 
physio logica l effects of menthol 
may explain the reason why me n-
thol smokers have a harder time 
quitting. 

Menthol's cooling and local a nes-
thetic effects may enhance smok-
ing p leasure, a nd it a lso increases 
breath-holding and decreases nic-
otine metabolism, thus increasing 
b lood-nicotine levels. The study 
found that about 69 percent of peo-
ple who smoked me nthol cigarettes 
in 1985 sti ll smoked, compared to 
about 54 percent of non menthol 
smokers. 

I 3251 Holiday (t. • across from EI Torito I 
~ _____ J~~8)~~2-~~~9 ______ ~ 

DIBE1l0RY IF OPPIR11JNITIES AT (J[SD: 
Want to get involved at UCSD1 - in student organizations/clubs, 

LEAD 

student government, community service, social action, 
internships? Don't know how to navigate the hundreds 
of opportunities and find the ones appropriate for you? 
See the "Directory of Opportunitles"link at http://lHd. 
ucsd.edu or contact leadcent.rfJuad.edu 
PASSPORT TO lEADERSHIP: Check out the 

fall 2006 schedule of exciting workshops available on the ·Passport to 
Le.dershlp" program link at http://lHd.ucsd.edu 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

By NANDINI DATTA 

Doctors Fail to Pass Key Data to Patients 
Patients at IrospiflIJs ~ may not be m:eiving ~ 
information about tlteir praalptimt ~ a UCLA stuily says. 

CDC Urges HIV 1ats for Broad Range of Ages 
11Ie Centers for DiseAse COIft1oltlltd .PImftIiotf recomtIrerWd 
IDIhm4II mv tests I4st ntDItIIt 10 CUlt",., of -1*l4btMe. 

AROUND lHE UC 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
Visit our Web site to: 

-Read stories from last issue 
-Apply for a job at the Guardian 
-Vote in our W eb poll 
-Leave story comments for writers 
-Access story archives 
-Check out classified ads 
-Read exclusive Web stories 

Since 1962 

7442 Girard Avenue, lit Jolla, Callfomia 
www.\tIoIlamUJlc.com 858-45W375 

PrilltlU unons i" OIU'StudWs 
GWttm by Taylor, WashblU'll, Samick - Harps b, Lyon & Heal, 

Band Ii Orchertra Instruments by Gltuse~ Seher, Y IIIIUIIul 
Sheet Music - Ckusical, Jazz, Po""", Ii Metlwds 

IlUlrumtM from Around The World 

Get the total bodY/mind/llpirit workout 
you've been looking for right here on 
campus. AoiDqi Karate will build you 
in ways you never thought possible I 

Taesclays &ThIll'SCla-,., 7-8 pm, 
velD ltec Gym. Stu1iDg Oct. 3. 

~ AoiDagi Karate 
~ =!:~~giUCMi.OI9 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

Andrew Nguyen 
Charles Nguyen 

Managins &lion 

Hadley Mendoza 
Ned.a Oreizy 

Copy &IItors 

Mllthew McArdle News EdIIIIr 

Mat!hew l 'Heu,eux ANoc:Wr News &lion 
Serena Renner 

Nathan MIklos Opinion Editor 

Nalasha Nlraghi AHcx:i* Opiroion EdiIor 
DaNi Leinlnll'r SporII &IIor 
Nicky IIucNnan ~ Sport5 &IiIor 

Hannaump Focus EdIIIIr 
Manhew l eavin AHodaI. Focus Editor 
Simone Wilson HiaIIos £diIor 

Ji. Gu Associote .... Editor 
"',ash Keshmirian Phoeo Edilor 

Richard Choi o..Ip EdIb 
Jennifer Hsu Art EdIDr 

'IItUyout Ii, Gu. Natash, NM.ghl, Charles Nguyen, 
Wendy Shieu, Simone Wilson 

CepyRNlien 
Nini Bui, Meic Stra!fold·Young 

Ann. Gandolfi G8eraI Manaser 
Michael Foulk. ~ Manager 

Mike M,rtinez AdwrIIIIns Art Dim:Ioo 
Josh Rose WI!IIo!-. 

Butiness AssiRMli 
Tessa Buchln 

Ad.erliletnent DeIID aIId layout George CIIeIl 
DIsIrIMIIDn 

Tessa Buchin, ully Casey 
The UCSO GuMdUn ~ publiol1ed Mondays and 
ThurWysdurkwlflooademicrear byUCSD Itudents 
and for IlII UCSD _~ RtprodUC1ion of .his 
n<'IIi!PIP<r In "'Y form, , in whole orln part, 
wi\IIout penniIojoo is tlrictly prohbeod. 0 200&, all 
riJ!hIs reseM!d. The UCSO GiwdIon " ,." rospon. 

~liIe for .he """'" 01 Unsolicited """uscripts or 
art. The .... e"f'~ her"'" do not nec .... rily 
repmenI die oponm of 'he UCSO GUIld"", • • he 
UniYersity 01 QoIfosnio or Assodaled S.udenlS. The 
UCSO GUMdion II funded solely by aMrtising. Casl 
SO')OIl goingl 

General Editorial: 8.58-5J.H.500 
editor@ucstigudroian.org 

News: 858-SJ4-S~ newsl@uadsuan!;."."'L 
focus: IIS3-SJ4.S226, lNI."..ftucsiJgtIMd/an~ 
Hialus: 853-5J4.6.58l hiatus@ucsdgUiJ(d~n,org 

1=E.nion: 853-S34-G32, opinion@ucidsUlldian.0<8 . 853-SJ4.65a2. 'potIS@ucsdgli>tdun.org 0: 858-534<.582, pholoeUCJdgu.roian.org 
Advertising: 8.58-534-3466 
ads@UCsdguarciian.org 

Fax: 8.58-534-7691 

Air Force ROTC students get 
opportunit ies like summer 
internships in foreign countries and 
leadership training. Scholarships 
provide up to futl tuition and up to 
S400 a month in spending money. 
Find out how you can make your 
college career more noteworthy. 
Visit our Web site or call our 
toll-free number. 

AFROTC.CO" • l-I"-UFROTC 

619 -594-5550 
7 5a (rotc (alma;/. SciSII ecf 1I 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

LIGHTS & SIRENS----
S4tMnIa" Sept. 16 
12:55 p.m.: Vchkle 8uraJary 
• A vehicle was burglarized on 
the third floor of Pangea Parking 
Structure. Report lalee". 

SauuIGy. Sept. 17 
1:39 p.m.: MeclkaI tid 
• A male student was found uncon-
scious and unresponsive on the 
fourth Ooor of Tioga Hall. The resi-
dent adviser on duty could not wake 
him up. Police Were called. 
4:11 p.m.: Suspicious penon . 
• Three white males jumped over a 
construction fence at the North Mesa 
apartments on Miramar Street. One 
was wearing a white T-shirt around 
his head and camouflage pants. 
Another was seen picking up a pole. 
Unable to locate suspects_ 

Molld4iy, Sept. 18 
12:13 Lm_: Fisht disturbance 
• Eight people were seen fighting 
in the southwest side of Lot 207. 
Officers believed that they might 
have been drinking. Field i"terview 
admi"istered. 
1:36 ILm.: Welfare ched: 
• Police entered an apartment in 

Eart~ Hall North after the resident 
adviser thought someone was throw-
ing up inside. There was no response 
at the door, so the residential dean 
permitted them to enter. 
6:15 ILm.: Welfare ched: 
• A white male wearing jeans was 
found sleeping in front of the door 
to Student Legal Services. Subject did 
not appear to be i" distress. 
7:54 ILm.: Suspicious person 
• A 30-year-old white male with a 
scruffy beard was spotted in front 
of Tioga Hall . Suspect arrested and 
charged with a misdemeanor. 
9: ISlLm.: Suspicious person 
• A second white male with shoul-
der-length brown hair and a dirty lab 
coat was seen in front of Thornton 
Hospital on Campus Point Drive. He 
was advised by staff to leave and 

police were notified. U"able to locate 
the suspect. 
10:24 p.m.: Report of npe 
• A student reported a rape that t09k 
place at Campus Services complex 
building B. The attack had occurred 
the previous Thesday at II p.m. 
Report take". 

1Uuda", Sept. 19 
12:35 Lm.: General diatu.rbanu 
• An unknown man punched through 
a window in the Thurgood Marshall 
College apartments and then ran off. 
No direction of travel was provided, 
but police apprehended the suspect. 
Suspect arrested and charged with a 
misdemeanor. 
12:24 p.m.; Noninjury accident 
• Campus shuttle collided with a 
vehicle in Lot 355. Report taken. 
2:21 p.m.: Injury 
• While being pushed in her wheel-
chair by her son. a woman was 
pitched forward and fell onto the 
sidewalk. 
4:53 p.m.: Suspect apprehended 
• A 20-year-old white female was 
detained in front of Price Center 
for petty theft . Suspect arrested and 
charged with a misdemeanor. 

WecinesdGy, Sept. 20 
6:12 a_m_: Suspicious penon 
• A man in a dark-colored Ford 
was spotted on the sidewalk. Suspect 
checked out OK. 
10:26 p.m.: Suspicious penon 
• Police were called when an unknown 
male with burn marks on his face 
entered an apartment in Asante Hall. 
He was seen wearing an orange ban-
dana on his head and a gray polo 
shirt. 
10:31 p_m_: Minor-injury accident 
• A vehicle coUided with a pedestrian 
in front of Tioga Hall in John Muir 
CoUege. The pedestrian suffered only 
minor scrapes and bruises. 

- Compiled by Malt L'Heurt:WC 
ASSOCIATE N EWS EDITOR 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

UC Finalizes Enron Settlement 
University, Enron 
accounting firm agree 
on $72-million deal, 
though it is subject to 
court approval. 

By Dl!:nnb Tran 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

After nearly seven years of 
legal wrangling. the UC Board of 
Regents has reached a settlement 
of $72 million with the Arthur 
Andersen Accounting L.L.P_ in the 
Enron securities litigation, though 
the settlement is subject to the 
approval of the cou rt. 

The Andersen settlement 
becomes effective only if the uni -
versity mediates with certain other 
defendants prior to the end of the 
trial, according to a UC Office of 
the President press release. 

Before the Enron case, Andersen 
was one of the leading accounting 
firms in the United States, per-
forming various financial services 
for large corporations. 

The University of California is 
one-of a number of large public and 
private institutions that invested in 
EnroD based on inaccurate comp-
Day statements and information 
certified by Andersen LLP. accord -
ing to a university press release. 

In 2002. the Andersen LLP 
surrendered its license 10 practice 
nationally, pending proseculion 
results by the U.S. Department of 
Education over its auditing prac -
tices with Enron . 

Corporate leaders in of the 
Enro~ scandal had produced 
numerous fraudulent fi nancial 
records about the company's health, 
maslting the financial predicament 
of the business. 

Before its bankruptcy, Enron 

had more than 21 ,000 employees 
and was one of the world's lead-
ing energy and communications 
companies, with reported profits of 
$101 billion in 2000 alone. 

. Nationally, Enron had been 
named "America's Most Innovative 
Company· for six straight years 
by Fortune, America's longest-run-
ning business magazine. Enron 
became infamous by the end of 
2001, when it was revealed that the 
company's so-called revenue was 
all a result of creatively planned 
accounting fraud. 

e settlement is a 
positive 

outcome, given 
Arthur Andersen's 
financial situation?' 

- Trey Davis, Spokesman, 
UC Office of the President 

Enron schemers had set up false 
investments through partnerships 
within sister corporations, using 
offshore companies to mask loans 
and further the imaginary sale of 
Enron assets . In doing so. Enron 
executives were able to defraud 
investors by reporting profit and 
removing debt from Enron's bal-
ance sheet, consequently inflating 
security prices. 

In December 200 1, shortly after 
Enron declared bankruptc}', the 
case against Andersen began , initi -
ated by former Enron investors. 

As auditors of Enron, Andersen 
had signed off on many of the 
false reports that allowed Enron to 
defraud its investors. 

For its role in the scandal, fot-
mer Enron investors, including the 

University of California, se rved 
Andersen a class action lawsuit. 

In the beginning of 2002, the 
University of California was named 

'Iead plaintiff in the case against 
Andersen and various banks deal -
ing with Enron. 

On April 8, 2002, the univer-
sity furthered its complaint, adding 
more associates of Enron as defen-
dants in the case, including nine 
banks and two law firms. On Sept. 
21, the regents approved the deal 
with Andersen . . 

The recent agreement has been 
enthusiastically r~ived by the uni-
versity. 

"The settlement is a positive 
outcome given Arthur . Andersen's 
financial situatioit~ UCOP spokes-
man Trey Davis said. "It continues 
the pattern of substantial recoveries 
against the defendants responsible for 
the Enron scheme, which defrauded 
tens of thousands of investors across 
the country.' 

The settlement is pending approval 
by U.S. District Court Judge Melinda 
Harmon, though the university does 
not expect a rejection, based on Ihe 
suit's history. 

"We don't anticipate that hap-
pening," Davis said. "The judge has 
approved aU the settlements to date 
that she has ruled upon." 

If the settlement is approved, the 
University of California will have won 
more than $7.3 billion for its cli-
ents, including more than $6 billion 
from banks dealing with Enron. such 
as Citigroup and JPMorganChase. 
The settlement will be in addition to 
money already paid to the university 
by Andersen. 

Trial in the case is slated 10 
begin in Houston on April 9 of next 
year. according to a university press 
release. 

Readers can contact Dennis Tran at 
delran@ucsd.edu. 



4 THE~GuARD~ Web poD I What should UCSD concentrate more on this year? 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Nathan Miklos 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org 

.DHouslng 
Athletics 

_ Sen", of C.mpus Community 
__ rch OPINION _P.rIIlng 1""'0114_ Vote l1li the DeW .uutloa at _JICSII,..niiflloO/'f. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

STING A WIDER NET 

By Natasha Naraghi 
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR 

It's not about beuig the weaker 
sex or the fairer sex. It's not about 
feminism or pacifism. It's not about 
our role as mothers or daughters. It's 
not about being goddesses or muses, 
or first or last, and it's not even about 
the war between motherhood and 
professionalism. It's really)ust a mat-
ter of economics. 

This school year, many small 
v.omen's coUeges are saying good-
bye to their women-only policies and 
making plans to accept men next 
fall . 

Unfortunately this deci -
sion sparked a severe controversy 
among the students of Randolph-
Macon Woman's College in Virginia. 
Following the coUege's announcement 
of the new policy, manyofits 712 stu-
dents fiercely protested against the 
drastic change. Moreover, a Sept: 21 
article in the New York Times stated 
that 200 of the school's students were 
so angered by the move that they 

applied to transfer to other colleges. 
But the situation isn't quite what 

it seems. 
What might appear on the surface 

as an attempt to end segregation of 
the sexes is actually a much-needed 
change of policy to help ease the 
financial difficulties of these small 
Single-sex schools. But the girls at 
R-MWC are less concerned about the 
college's financial troubles and more 
concerned about the loss of their 
single-sex education. 

While this change came as a 
severe disappointment to many of 
the young women who chose these 
schools based on their long history of 
educating only women, colleges like 
R-MWC in Virginia, Regis College in 
Massachusetts and numerous others, 
can no longer attract enough female 
students to stay afloat. 

No matter what the protests 
against this revolutionizing, the new 
admissions plan represents a wise 
move forward in both its economic 
sensibility and progressive philoso-
phy. 

According to the article, 99 per-
cent of the students at R-MWC receive 
some amount of fmancial aid. While 
the tuition runs a high $30,000, the 
average student pays only $13,000, 
the article said. . 

This has long been helpful in 
attracting students to the women's 
college because while they benefit 
from having a private education cou-
pled with a low faculty-to-student 
ratio, they don't pay nearly the high 
price they would at another private 
school. Unfortunately, continuing to 
recruit students at this price and in 
this manner isn't feasible with the 
diminishing number of students the 
school attracts from year to year and 
its finite private donations. 

The article also commented on 
this decreasing number of interested 
female students, noting that "only 3.4 
percent of girls graduating from high 
school last year who took the SAT 
said they would apply to women's 
coUeges, according to College Board, 
down from 5 percent 10 years ago." 

Considering these disappoint-

JENNifER HSU/CUII/lDIIIN 

ing figures, the school ought to be 
congratulated for its rather bold but 
economically sensible decision. For 
schools such as the R-MWC, the most 
basic economic principle is matching 
market demand; in fact, it's the key to 
market success. 

"The market is telling us young 
women don't want to come to single-
sex colleges," R-MWC alumna Ginger 
Worden told the Times regarding the 
decline in interest among young high 
school girls. 

In this case, there was a dramatic 
oversupply paired with a scarcity of 
market demand from the college's 
audience, as Worden notes. So they 
did what any smart business would 
- they increased their audience. 

Even though the school and many 
others like it across the nation that 
are opening their doors to men are 
receiving immense flak: for their anti-
feminist deciSion, it should be marked 
as a move forward for young women, 
rather than a step backward. 

In fact, the situation is quite a 
positive one. If these young women 

FACING 
DECREASED 

ENROLLMENT 

STUDENT 
PROTESTS. 

are to really get an education that 
will prepare them for the challenges 
of in the business world, they have to 
be educated with men. This knowl-
edge is c.rucial because competition 
between men and women is com-
monplace, but more than that, life is 
full of interaction with the opposite 
sex. After all. half the world is male. 

Furthermore, making the asser-
tion that women need private men-
free environments in order to suc-
ceed seemingly confmns our role as 
the weaker sex when that's not the 
case. 

The strides weve made in gender 
equality carne not from creating a 
divide between men and women but 
from promoting integration of the 
sexes. 

But in the end, the competition 
factor is really secondary. It's not 
about a fight for women's education 
or an end to segregation. It's really 
about the simple principles of eco-
nomics and what a business did to be 
able to keep its doors open to anyone 
at all. 

Classroom Politesse Takes a Back Seat to Something Amusing 
so I'm sitting in my first chemistry Another 10 minutes pass and who would find a seat toward the middle Totally unfazed, the professor -lecture of the quarter - which comes pawing back? None other than - but then again. maybe the middle who is reminding me more and more is clearly where my humanities- the same young woman, though now seats once housed p1ague victims. Who of the teachers from those "Peanuts-
minded self wants to be at 8 a.m. on she is wielding an egg. bacon and sau- mows? cartoons every moment - turns on 
a Monday morning. 1Wenty minutes sage breakfast platter from Plaza Cafe. So I tried to make as little contact the overhead projector showing a 
into class. this girl a few seats down And as she plows past me the sec- as possible with the middle desk I'm color-coded periodic-table sIide_ It is 
from me decides ond time, I realize now seated in, because if It isn't swim- then that a sound begins to restster 
it's time to leave. Steal. eng -peoplearepretty ming in plague-taint, it is definitely from behind me and I turn around 
She loudly weaves goddamn rude. coated with 30 years' worth of used only to reali2e that I'm stuck in front 
her way through h h I guess it should chewing gum. The professor finishes of two pbbins sorority slaters. The 
what seems like , ~ t e S oes have occurred with the bureaucratic announcements concept of the whisper is 100t on 
an infinite stream ... ~ Had ley Mendoza to me earlier, as and starts actually lecturing - and I'm them. Carbon dating. dating John 
of knees since it's ~ I stumbled awk- totally sidetracked when that kid who - my miIld sp1its betwen the pro-
the first day of class hsmendoz@ucsd.edu wardly over the is perpetually 10 minutes _ romes feasor and the COIlWI'IItIon behind 
and everyone carne four people hug- marching into dass. He stomps all the me, cauainI my DOte-taidni hand to 
despite the 8 a.m. time slot. The lecture ging the aisles, sprawled out limp like way down the stairs, throws lUI brick- seize. 
hall is freezing. the teacher is a bore doDs, completely ignoring me and my filled backpack down and pIanb him- If !be profaIor oodcea any of this, 
and I'm on the verge of calling the "Excuse me, sorry, excuse me" mantra. self front and center. In RoIIerbIades, he doesn't let on. ensroued as he Is with 
whole thing a wash myself, so I can We wouldn't have to do this seat-hop- no less! Does he reaI1y think no one the out-of-focus graph he's just IIapped 
totally empathize with this stranger. ping boogie if the first peop1e to arrive notices? OIl the projector. I squint my eya and 

crane my neck, but I'm frankJy not get-
ting anything from this blurry screen. 
As the alide switcba to aome obec:ure 
atomic model there is a IUdden bunt 
of IOUIId - is that a cell phone midi 
wrsIon of "Punkytown~ I bear? 11'. not 
a great I0IIIo and It lUre as hell isn't a 
aood as a midi wnion. Vibrate isn't 
eucdy an acceptable solution either. 
Now all anyone in a six-foot ndius of 
the epia:DIa can hear is "W····,.,·U 
to •••••• W' ••••••••• " I feel lib if 

[ SHOES, P9 6 ] 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSO Guardian, the University of California or Assocl.ted Students. 

MONDA V, OCTOBER 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

Congressional Act Upsets Balance Between Security, Basic ~ights 
By Jim Slat" 

CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

With both the House of 
Representatives and the Senate pass -
ing the innocuously named Military 
Commissions Act of 2006, the U.S. 
government has thrown the ideal of 
inalienable rights out the window. 

On June 29, the Supreme Court 
decided in HamtuJn v. Rums/tid that 
the military commission used to 
prosecute suspected terrorists after 
9/11 violate the Geneva Conventions, 
U.S military law and other articles 
of war. In response, congreSSional 
Republicans carefully worded the 
Military Commissions Act in an 
attempt to keep the Supreme Court 
from further meddling in the Bush 
administration's execution of the 
"war on terror." 

The act gives the president the 
power, through a tribunal made up 
of officers of the armed forces, to 
declare a person an unlawful enemy 
combatant. The tribunals will not 
be open to judicial review, and these 
same tribunals will have the ability to 
"prescribe any punishment .. . includ-
ing the penalty of death~ as long as 
they do not violate the laws of war 
under the Geneva Conventions. 

However, the act proceeds to 
rewrite those laws: Illegal enemy 
combatants will not have the right 
of habeas corpus, or to invoke any 
section of the Geneva Conventions, 
not just those sections that apply 

to prisoners of war. Additionally, 
the bill redermes torture in such a 
fashion as to allow the president to 
decide what constitutes torture, per-
mitting acts such as water boarding, 
where a cloth is held over the face 
of a victim and water poured on it 
to give the impression of imminent 
drowning. . 

A military judge can allow evi-
dence gained in this fashion as 
long as he deems it reliable, in the 

·best interests of justice and that it 
was not obtained through torture 
(which, with· water boarding as an 
acceptable technique, holds little 
weight). 
• The bill even opens the door 
to subjecting enemy combatants to 
unforced sex acts, because it only 
includes the use of coercion, force 
or threat of force on the victim in 
its definition of rape and sexual 
assault. 

The potential effects of the 
Military Commissions Act are dis-
turbin-8. Interpreted in the broad-
est sense, it allows the president to 
declare any person an enemy com-
batant, then incarcerate and tor-

. ture that person without any legal 
recourse. And while it is highly 
unlikely that the United States will 
devolve into such a tyranny, this law 
provides the legal foundation for it 
to happen. 

Certainly, there is merit to some 
of the measures included in the bill. 
Allowing the government to keep 

secret the identity of an informant 
in the trial of an al Qaeda leader 
could very well mean the differ-
ence between life and death for that 
informant, as well as preserving 
a source of potentially life-saving 
intelligence. 

But other parts of the bill are dra-
conian in nature and fly in the face 
of evidence suggesting that the mea-

.. suspending 
"-""A.,., ..... ·tutional rights 
and condoning the 
use of torture would 
destroy everything 
our forefathers have 
stood for, fought for 

and died for. » 

sures· are ineffective, such as allow-
ing the use of certain forms of coer-
cion. Many members of the military 
and various intelligence agencies 
contend that using harsh interroga-
tion techniques on prisoners can get 
"anyone to confess to anything if the 
torture's bad enough," said retired 
CIA officer Bob Bauer in a Nov. 18, 
2005 ABC broadcast. Ibn al Shaykh 

al Libbi, a CIA prisoner subjected to 
harsh interrogation techniques cul-
minating in water boarding, made 
claims that the Iraqi government 
had trained aI Qaeda operatives to 
use biological and chemical weap-
ons. The CIA later discovered that 
al Libbi's statements were false, and 
that he made them only to avoid 
further such treatment. 

Additionally, the United States 
must retain the moral high ground 
in the war on terror. One of the 
keys to winning this war is the 
destruction of the enemy's base of 
support. This is not limited to physi-
cal destruction; making the terror-
ists' supporters turn against them 
through propaganda or other means 
is just as valuable. Using torture and 
abuse damages U.S credibility, and 
makes destroying the enemy's base 
of support more difficult. 

Even ignoring the multitude 
of arguments against torture or 
torture-like interrogation tech -
niques, there is also the question of 
American rights and values. During 
the Revolutionary War, while the 
English committed atrocities upon 
American prisoners rotting on pris-
on ships, American forces generally 
refrained from exacting similar ven-
geance upon their captives. 

John Adams wrote, '1 know of no 
policy, God is my witness, but this 
- Piety, Humanity and Honesty are 
the best Policy. Blasphemy, Cruelty 
and Villainy have prevailed and may 

again. But they won't prevail against 
America, in this Contest, because I 
find the more of them are employed, 
the less they succeed." 

. The last time the United States 
sacrificed the right to habeas cor-
pus was in the Civil War, when its 
survival was at stake. Even then, 
habeas corpus was suspended only 
in certain states deemed to be at 
the greatest risk of defection to the 
Confederacy. Do terrorists in Third 
World countries honestly pose the 
same level of threat to the existence 
of the United States? 

Most importantly, suspending 
constitutional riglrts and condon-
ing the use of torture would destroy 
everything our forefathers stood 
for, fought for and died ·for. From 
the Civil War, when we confronted 
Confederate rebellion, to World 
War II, when we confronted Nazi 
genocide, to the Cold War, when we 
confronted the Communist police 
states, the advancement of freedom 
and human rights has been one of 
America's guiding principles and the 
reason we fought. 

In our struggle against terror-
ism today, we must not forget what 
makes us a better people than the 
terrorists . Hollow proclamations 
of freedom and human rights do 
not automatically make us right; we 
must practice those values as well. 
Only through the preservation and 
advancement of our most sacred 
standards can we achieve victory. 

www. ucsdguardian.org 
Visit our Web site to read stories, apply for a job or leave story comments. 

1Il.:n1! an Internship or Part-Time Job 
learn how to find and apply for positions that meet your goals. 
Monday • 10/2 • loa.m.-ll:1Sa.m. 

JJl1jru!Sfor Internships and Part-Time Jobs 
Include all of the essential elements that impress employers_ 
Tuesday • 10/3 • lla.m.-12:1Sp.m. 

to Interview for Internships 
Feel prepared and polished after this interactive workshop. 
Thursday • lOIS· 9:3Ga.m.-l0:4Sa.m. 

Info Session 
Live and work in the nation's capital while earning U( credit. 
Thursday • 10/5 • 12:30p.m.-l :30p.m. 

Scholars Progrtnn Info Session 
An exciting internship program for first -generation college students. 
Friday e 10/6 e 12p.m.-12:3Op.m. 

VIsit tht Calfndar Unk tit ctltM'.ucsd.«lu for other wottJhop dotes. 
, I III f ,t ( II. 'Hj \ It (II I I Ut d I·du 

(drt't1r )t>r .... I( .. ., (Pllter llH It. d I! 1 Itl! 11\.\ Ilk 
,'h 1: l ~,' (,() 



£> OPINION 

Leave Brain at 
Home, Bring 

Laptop Instead 
~ SHOES, from page 4 
Professor Oblivious, of course. 

And what is up with that kid two 
rows ahead of me? I know this lecture 
is mind-numbing on a stick, but put 
that laptop away. Look, you aren't 
using that thing to take notes and 
we aU know it. I'm already struggling 
to stay awake through this mono-
tone professor typical of lower-divi-
sion lectures, and now I'm about to 
be hopelessly di tracted by this kid's 
Facebook. 

What I'm really wondering at this 
point is why the e laptop people even 
bothered walking to lecture. Why did 
these lo-rather-be-Rollerblading-to-
Plaza -talking- to -my-lifeless -soror-
ity -sister-on -my-pink -Razr-phone 
people even show up? No one is tak-
ing attendance in a class of 300 - and 
it's not as if they'll gain anything from 
physical ' presence alone. Don't get 
me wrong, there are days that I don't 
feel like taking notes - so I don't go 
to class. But by being impolite, these 
people are wasting their own time 
along with everyone else's. 

Why go to a lecture you plan 
to ignore? Wouldn't that conversa-
tion be enjoyed more over a bowl of 
Golden Spoon? Wouldn't you rather 
be surfmg the waves at La JoUa Shores 
than surfing the Internet in York 
Hall? Or maybe you're like me and 
would have preferred an extra hour 
of snooze time. I don't know about 
you, but the small plastic seats of a 
classroom aren't exactly my favorite 
place to lounge. 

I mean, sure you're paying 20 
grand a year to be here, but if you're 
just going to spend that lecture hour 
on Facebook, why not take a break 
from class and do something more 
useful - and more courteous - with 
your time? 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN . MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

NYC Ponders Trans-Fat Limits to Unclog Arteries 
By Nathan Mililos 
OPINION EDITOR 

Fundamentally, an American 
doesn't like being told what to do, 
even when it is in his best interest. 
He smokes, knowing it turns his 
lungs into charcoal; he tries to set 
land speed records driving between 
Los Angeles and San Francisco, 
risking his life and the lives of 
others in order to gain an hour or ' 
two. He might not even wear his 
seatbelt were it not for a state law 
requiring it. 

And now this fickle subspe-
cies of man faces a new challenge: 
the regulation of his eating habits. 
Hoping to reverse the city's alarm-
ing trend toward obesity, the New 
York City Board of Health voted 
unanimously last week to develop 
plans for restricting the amount 
of artificial trans fats that can be 
served in the city's restaurants. If 
the plans are passed this December, 
the law would prohibit a Single 
serving of any dish in the Big Apple 
from containing more than half of a 
gram of artificial trans fat. 

Fast food chains, waryofthe pub-
lic perception that their restaurants 
are swimming in unhealthy fats and 
oils, responded cautiously. Wendy's 
and Subway both pointed out that 
their companies were already vol-
untarily reducing or eliminating 
trans fat use. McDonald 's noncom-
mittally promised to "closelyexam-
ine the board's proposal," saying 
the corporation would continue to 

test ways of reducing the trans-fat 
content of its food. 

But many small restauranteurs 
were uneasy about the ban, arguing 
that the city government is over-
stepping its bounds and forcing 
upon them an unfair burden. 

" It's a draconian measure," New 
York restaurant owner Naidre Miller 
told the New York Times, "It's not 

taurants. But a similar proposal 
in Chicago would apply only to 
restaurants with a revenue greater 
than $20 miUion. Such a provision 
could most likely ~'orm jes w'y into 
New York's version, protecting small 
businesses that are unable to shoul-
der the cost. 

Or :...- light bulb! - the city 
could subsidize the transition for 

restaurants that 
can't afford it. 

our job as res-
taurant owners 
to always make 
the healthiest 
food choices 
under all cir-
cumstances." 

Mil I e r 
acknowledged 
that her restau -
rants use only 
olive and canola 
oils, and could 
comply with the 

e problem is that 
nsumers can't see 

an increased risk for 
heart disease until it 
knocks them off their 

(Funding could 
be rationalized 
based on the 
savings in health 
care that the 
trans-fat restric-
tion is supposed 
to generate.) 

But then 

feet with a stroke?' there's still that good 01' all -
American line of 
reasoning to get potential rule 

with relative ease. Still, it's the prin-
ciple of the thing. 

"Many of the things that res-
taurants use are prepared by some-
body else, like a national manufac-
turer that uses trans fatty acids," 
E. Charles Hunt, executive vice 
president of the New York State 
Restaurant Association, which rep-
resents almost 3,500 restaurants 
in New York City, told the Times . 
"They may not be willing to suit 
the specifications of just New York 
City." 

Others were concerned about 
the potential cost to small res-

around. 
"I think they should let the chef 

be the food artist and let the con-
sumer decide," New York restaurant 
patron Julia Kent told the Times. 

Ah, the rosy smell of the free 
market. 

But the free market can be slow 
to act. A health department cam-
paign in New York City last year 
encouraged the voluntary reduc-
tion of trans -fat use. While a hand-
ful of restaurants made the switch 
to healthier oils and fats, the ' cam-
paign proved largely a failure, with 
no statistically significant reduc-

tion in the use of trans fat. In the 
meantime, New Yorkers continue 
to devour the potentially danger-
ous fat. 

Furthermore, players in the free 
market can be notoriously short-
Sighted. The negative health effects 
of trans fats - and excessive con -
sumption of saturated fats or lack 
of exercise, for that matter - are 
not immediately obvious. 

Artificial trans fat, usually 
derived from partially hydrogenat-
ed vegetable oils, serves mostly as 
a replacement for the saturated-fat 
solids found in butter. What most 
people see are the deliciously flaky 
pastries made with trans-fat short-
ening and the conveniently long 
shelf lives of products containing or 
fried in trans fats . 

But these lipids also contrib-
ute to poor health. The American 
Heart Association said research 
indicates that trans fatty acids 
increase "bad" HOL cholesterol in 
the bloodstream, while reducing 
"good" LDL cholesterol at the same 
time; both high HDL cholesterol 
and low LDL cholesterol levels have 
been shown to increase the risk of 
heart disease. The problem is that 
consumers can't see' an increased 
risk for heart disease until it knocks 
them off their feet with a stroke 
- but by then it's too late_ 

New York City tried the volun-
tary approach, and failed dismally. 
So if the carrot won't work, then it's 
time to bring out the stick - for 
our own benefit. 

Feed Your Inner Journalist. 
Apply to be a writer for News, Opinion, Focus, Hiatus or Sports. 

. Applications at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Make student life easier. 
SAVE on the essentials FOfn 
Time Warner Cable 

Digital Cable 
• Over 150 popular channels 
• Over 25 On Demand Channels 
• 40 commercial-free Music 

Choice channels 
• Free Advantage Cable in every room 

- great for roommates! 
• Access to Movies, Local Sports 

and morel 

DVR (Digital Video Recorder) 
It' ••• g,..t •• you've .... reI! 
• like a VCR, only better! 
• Record a whole series 

automatically 
• Pause and Rewind LIVE lV 

Get 
Digital Cable 

with DVR for 
only $54.95 a month 

for 6 months!* 

~ J!~p~~~~~o~.CABLE 
(858) 695·3220 

or visit twcsd.com 

CABLE HIGH SPEED ONLINE DIGITAL PHONE 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2,2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Student Protests Lowered Textbook 'Costs 
~ BOOKS, from page 1 
the report two years ago, which found 
that the cost of textbooks has risen 186 
percent since 1986 in comparison to 
general inflation of 72 percent. The 
investigation, which started last week, 
comes after a joint request from Wu 
and Rep. Howard P. "Buck" McKeon 
(R-Calif.), and will be conducted by 
a U.S. House of Representatives advi-
sory committee to find solutions to the 
problem of rising book costs. 

The committee's first hearing in 
Washington, D.C., included an address 
by economics professor and repre-
sentatives from the GAO, publishing 
and bookstore industries and student 
public-interest groups. As part of the 
investigation, committee members will 
examine multiple student programs, 
including campus book-swaps and 
book-rental programs. The commit-
tee will also conduct field hearings 
across the country to get opinions 
from faculty members, students and 
other representatives before making 
final recommendations. 

However, American Association 
of Publishers Executive Director for 
Higher Education Bruce Hildebrand 
disputed the GAO report's statistics 
and said that today's college textbooks 
have taken on an entirely new role in 
post-secondary education, generating 
almost $8 billion in sales annually. 

"The problem with the study is 
that it was unable to leU the differ-
ence between an old-timing textbook 
and new, modern textbooks combined 
with technology," Hildebrand said. MIt 
was a total comparison between apples 
and oranges-" 

With exponential growth in 
student-teacher ratios, textbooks 
have become more technologically 
advanced, with "bundling" where 
online instruments and additional 
CDs make up for what could not 
be covered during class hours, 
Hildebrand said. 

Wu's office did not return repeated 
phone calls for comment. 

"Textbooks definitely contributed 
to the rising cost of a degree," Jillian 
Schoene, Wu's press secretary, told UC 
Berkeley's Daily Californi4n. ·We hope 
that this study will determine some 

'best practices' that we can implement 
across the country in all coUeges and 
universities_" 

Hildebrand, however, attributed 
rising costs to students being increas-
ingly unprepared for higher education 
studies. Students need supplemental 
resources geared toward improving 
their education, and many textbooks 
have added materials such as CO-
ROMs, online tutors and solutions 
manuals to assist the faculty in addi-
tion to aiding the students, Hildebrand 
said 

Students disputed the need for 
more supplemental materials. . 

"I don't think it's fair how [publish-

erybody wants to 
t about prices. But 
whatabout ... 
intellectual 

development? 
- Bruce Hildebrand, Hi~er 

Education Director, Amencan 
Association of Publishers 

ers) come out with new editions almost 
every year; said Revelle College junior 
Kory Swanson, a structural engineer-
ing major. "A1so, they include new 
features in many textbooks \ike CDs, 
most of which aren't even used. I think 
textbooks could be cheaper - I've 
never used any of the CDs that have 
come with any of my bookB-" 

• According to the study, students at 
four-year universities spend over one-
fourth of college expenses on textbooks 
every year. Hildebrand disagreed, say-
ing that students spend around $650 
on textbooks annually - and that one 
cannot appropriately compare the price 
of tuition to the price of textbooks. 

"Textbooks have always been an 
emotional issue; Hildebrand said. 
MSomebow you've figured out how 
to get tuition paid, how to get your 
clothes together, how to save some 
beer money, how to pay for your cell 

phone and then you walk in and you 
have to pay for textbooks - and stu-
dents have been upset about that for as 
long as any of us can remember." 

The average college textbook 
nationwide costs about $52, accord-
ing to the National Association of 
College Stores. At UCSD, the latest 
edition of a structural engineering 
manual for steel construction was 
originally priced at 5342.85, but stu-
dents protested and were able to pur-
chase the (JIanual at a 6S percent 
discount, Swanson said. 

Three years ago, California Public 
Interest Research Group, which lob-
bies government officials on behalf 
of students, brought attention to the 
rapidly increasing prices of textbooks 
by creating the Make Textbooks 
Affordable campaign. Since then, the 
campaign has he.lped faculty negoti -
ate more affordable prices from pub-
lishers and promote cheaper ways for 
students to obtain textbooks. 

When asked why universities don't 
follow suit with the general high school 
systerT) of checking out - rather than 
purchasing - textbooks and returning 
them when the particular course is 
over, Hildebrand stated that the prac-
tice is completely plausible for col-
lege - and that it all depends on the 
university's preference. 

"Publishers only sell [ textbooks) 
wholesale; we don't set the final prices," 
Hildebrand said. "Everybody wants 
to fight about prices. But what about 
passing the course? Staying in school? 
Intellectual deveIopment? Education?" 

Publishers are responding to 
increased demand from instructors for 
supplemental devices in textbooks by 
distributing more advanced editions 
at faster intervals. while wholesa1ers 
and retailers have shown concern for 
the idea that "more frequent revisions 
might unnecessarily increase cost to 
students," the GAO report said 

Students can lower their textbook 
expenses by swapping books with other 
students, checking library reserves or 
asking faculty to create custom books, 
according to the Wall Strret JournaL 

Readers con contact Candice WIl at 
candiewu@yahoo.com. 

UC Regents Considering Board Service Cap 
• RE(;ENTS, from page 1 
Woods was given approval to keep a 
$47,800 stipend he received for serving 
as interim vice chancellor of exter-
nal affairs, on top of his base sa1ary 
of $186.200. In addition, the regents 
approved about $58,000 that former 
Vice Chancellor of Marine Sciences 
Charles Kennel received as incentive 
pay that resulted from a deal negoti-
ated in his offer package. 

Thomas jackiewicz, an associate 
vice chancellor at UCSO School of 
Medicine, was allowed to keep $40,000 
he received as a Mre1ocatioo incentive 
payment-

"This payment was a relocation 
allowance, and it was on top of the 
actuil moving expenses; Associate 
Vice Chancellor of University 
Communications Stacie A. Spector 
stated in an e-mail. "The relocation 
allowance is used for things such as 
rent for temporary living arrange-
ments_" 

The actions are the regents' 1atest 
effort to overhauJ their beleaguered 
pay practices, which came under 
intense scrutiny lut year after the San 
Frrutcisco Chronicle discovered that the 

~rsity paid out more than $800 
million to employees across the 10-
campus system without public noti-
fication and, in some cases, without 
proper approval 

The regents are scheduled to dis-
cuss how to deal with the individuals 
responsible for authorizing payments 
before seeking proper approval in the 
coming months. 

UC President Robert C. Dynes, in 
an attempt to reform the ~rsity's 
compensation practices, also recently 
announced plans to secure a seven-
point list tailored toward tightening 
restrictions on compensation policy 
exceptions-

MomJVer, Dynes' new policies state 
that the university lIIust provide annu-
al electronic reports detailing salaries 
for all UC emp10)U5, including execu-
tives, and that the university will make 
employee job descriptions and infor-
mation about base salaries, stipends, 
benefits packages. insurance packages, 
severance agreements and retirement 
pacbses available to the publiC-

10 addition to compensation issues, 
the regents also discussed reforms 
aimed at limitIna senior UC official.s to 

serving on a maximum of three paid 
boards, although the regents will not 
release a copy of its board service draft 
proposal until faculty and administra-
tors have had their input. 

Presently, there is no cap on the 
number of paid boards on which a 
senior U C official can sit. A change 
in the policy could affect UCSO 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox, an 
organic chemist who sits on seven paid 
boards, including boards of pharma-
ceutical, medical and chemical manu-
facturing companies- Fox sits on more 
paid boards than any other uc chan-
ceDor, and she also sits on numerous 
unpaid and nonprofit boards_ 

Spector did not specify which 
boards Fox would relinquish. if the 
new policy is adopte<l 

"Chancellor Fox will continue to 
adhere to university policy:' Spector 
stated 

Fox has said that her board duties 
have improved her overall leadership 
capabilities and brought benefits to 
UCSD. 

Ruulers can contact Matthew McArdle 
at matt.mcard1e@grnail.com. 

UCSD Had Past All-Campus Baccalaureates 
~ GRADUAnON, from page 1 

"WhIle [the) AS_ [Coundi] fund-
ed and organized it in the pat, OM 
don't haw the money to do that now: 
Rodriaua-PIIIcioI said. "HoweYer, In 
• meetiJI8. Dr. WaIIon did mention 
that money could be IYIilabIe. He IIid, 
'Commencements are uound SIIO,OOO; 
what's another $lO,OQOt' We're hopina 
that WIID't • joke.-

Wabon did not return repelled 
requests fOr comment 

The AS. Councilla basins the fea-

sibility of the proposal on the fact that 
UCSO has had aU-campus baccalau-
reates in the past. In the mid-199Os, 
UCSD had fiw aU-campus beccalau-
reates. The speakers included former 
Preaideut BiD Ointon, Bob Dole, irwin 
Jacobi and Patch Adams. 

Additionally, the A.S. CouncU 
maintaIoed that bolding the evalt 
durins the same .smd as coIleF 
commencementI would allow the uni-
wnity to talre advInIaie of alItina 
Josiatics. such as ... IDd sound 

systems that are already rented and 
set up. and then build on them for a 
larJer-scale evmt 

Since the university has not yet 
set the acheduJe for graduation week-
end, Rodriaua-Paladol said, there is 
both the time and the opportunity to 
Include the evmt in a schedule and 
plan fur it to occur as soon IS 'Prins 
2007. 

Rauhrs QUI contact Dora ScMidllragrr 
at cbcheidl~.edu. 

NEWS 7 

Your 
Source for 

Transportation 
Information 

Rideshare Week 
Commuters statewide are gearing up for California's 
Rideshare Week, October 2·6, 2006. UCSD strongly 
supports sustainable transportation solutions and 
encourages you to join hundreds of thousands of 
other Californians who help reduce traffic congestion 
and pollution by carpooling, lIanpooling, taking public 
transit, cycling and walking as part of their daily 
commutes. 

There's no better place to promote "green-
transportation than the Farmer's Market where UCSD 
Rideshare Operations will kick off Rideshare Week on 
Tuesday, October 3. Visit our -gazebo on Library Walk 
to learn how you can pitch your parking permit and 
stash some cash by taking advantage of our great 
ridesharing programs. 

• Discounted tran.lt pa •••• : 
• Student Monthly pass $30 (you save $15) 
• Student Quarterty pass $52 (you save ~) 

• Coaster train - $15 off every monthly pa.s you 
purchase 

• Free Bus Zone - ride free on routes 3, 30, 41, 
""49,150 and 921 

• carpool Club 
• Pedal Club 
• Flexcar 

If you miss us October 3, visit us at the Farmer's 
Market every Tuesday during Fall Quarter or stop by 
the Rideshare desk at the Campus Parking Office_ 

Breakfa.t for Blcycll.ts 
Beginning in October, Rideshare Operations will roll 
out its monthly breakfast for bicyclists. Breakfast for 
bicyclists will be held at various locations the first 
Thursday of every month_ It's our way of thanking 
those of you who prefer pedal power to pushing the 
pedal to the metal to get to UCSO. 

Campus cyclists can brake for the first Breakfast 
for Bicyclists on Thursday, October 5, from 7:30 to 
9:30 a_m. on Library Walk in front of the Geisel 
Library. Rideshare will provide free breakfast 
goodies and giveaways to our Pedal Club members 
and commuters who cycle as their primary mode of 
transportation to UCSD_ Cyclists can also register for 
a chance to win valuable gift cards_ 

Want to join the Pedal Club? Register your bicycle at 
the UCSD Bike Shop for $6. Then bring your UCSD 
10, bicycle registration and vehicle registration to 
the Rideshare desk at the Campus Parking Office to 
become a Pedal Club member. Reap the rewards of 
great exercise and receive 10 complimentary days of 
parking per quarter to use on rainy days. 

Campus P.,ldng Office 
level 2 of the Gilman Parking Structure on Russell 

un. 
7 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. weekdays 

Perm" Information: (858) ~223 
Rideehare Informdon: (858) 534· RIDE (7433) 

parillng,uc:sctldu 

Transportation Ir Parking Services 



8 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 200& 

Administrators Belittle Students With New TV Rules, Khanna Says 
~ AUp, from page ' 
Manager Andrew Tess. Ratcliff sent 
the docu ment to UC system lawyers 
for approval last academic year. 

A.S. council members were hope-
ful that ' UC officials would over-
haul the AUP, but the document 
returned over the summer without 
major revisions. 

"[The UC Office of General 
Counsell focused its attent ion on 
developing an append ix to the 
policy that consis ted of Federal 
Commu nications Comm ission 
guideli nes to station programmers 
on how to ensure that no obscene 
or indecent material or language is 
improperly ai red; Ratcliff stated. 

Following systemwi de approval , 
campu admini t rators made final. 
albeit mi nor. changes. including 
the pathway by which stat ion com-

This could, 
be YOU! 

plaints would be resolved. In its 
original draft , the AUP directed all 
control-of-broadcast complaints to 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Joseph w. Watson. 

To streamline the griev-
ance process. the final poli-
cy directs complaints to the 
Admini strative Computing and 
Telecommunications department. 
headed by Elazar C. Harel. 

"Since the Triton Cable Network 
is a university resource administered 
by AdminiSlrative Computing and 
Telecommunications. complaints 
should be addressed to th is depart-
ment:' Ratcli ff stated . 

Khanna also said he was happy 
wit h the change. because it took 
oversight of the station away from 
administrators that aligned against 
the council and SRTV last year. 

"Based on the position. the A.C.T. 
depllrlment is lal more logical place 
to go with complaints; Khanna said. 
"If they went to Student Affairs or 
Student Life divisions. which have 
had history with this SRTV issue. 
then the rules would be obviously 
geared toward SRTV and not the 
whole network:' 

Student leaders are especially 
relieved that the new AUP retracts 
a clause that would have allowed 
Watson to cut network access at 
any time. 

The current rules possess a 
similar passage, but do not specify 
an administrator in charge of the 
station, stating. "The university 
reserves the right to disable access 
to the Triton Cable Network without 
notice to halt or prevent suspected 
violations of this policy." 

However. Khl!nna said he was 
extremely disappointed with the 
document's provisions regarding 
profanity. 

"The final AUP is better than 
the first draft. but it is still bad: he 
said. "It's obvious. especially with 
their decision to regulate profanity, 
that administrators are insistent on 
treating campus departments like 
little kids." 

Although student leaders are 
unhappy with the amount of con-
trol administrators have over SRTV 
and Triton Cable. Khanna said A.S. 
council members have no plans to 
formally dispute the issue. 

"Unfortunately. this is campus 
policy," he said. "We have to comply 
with it and at this point. we just 
want the station back." 

With the graduation of Tess. who 

was the only party that threatened 
legal action last year. Khanna said 
he expects "the SRTV drama to be 
near to a close." 

The final document. however, is 
indicative of administrators' posi-
tion on student power. according to 
Khanna. 

A.S. councilmembers had con-
tested that administrators had no 
jurisdiction over the content of 
SRTV, which pulls its budget from 
the student-funded A.S . Council. 

"[ think this whole event brings 
to light the total lack of control stu -
dents have over their own school." 
he said. "Hopefully it will inspire 
students to fight for things that they 
own ." 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_ nguyen@sbcglobaLnet. 

Cool Jobs 
Guardian On Campus Driver/Distributor 

The UCSD Guardian needs a star! Our circulation of 10,000 newspapers is 
distributed throughout the campus and community every Monday and 
Thursday. Our on-campus distributor drives an electric cart to various campus 
locations and newspaper racks. Some heavy lifting required. Positions avail-
able for either/both Monday and Thursday. Must have a minimum three-hour 
block of time. Three to four openings, begins ASAp, 5-8 hrs.lwk. $8.70/hr. 

Distribution hours run between 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. 
, 

Qualifications: Must have valid driver license, proof of insurance and a clean DMV driving rec~rd. Familiarity with campus helpful but not 
required. **Must pay UC registration fees for each quarter working. 

For more info contact Anna Gandolfi, UCSD Guardian offices, Student Center A, 2nd floor, 858-534-6845, To Apply: E-mail Anna Gandolfi a 
brief introduction and your resume in Word format to anna@ucsd.edu. Please reference job number 491080 on Port Triton. 

To date, the Olancalor's 0UII1enge "-
raised more than $1.5 million In 
undergraduate sdtoItIIsNpII 

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20 
RIMAe FIELD 

Are YOU ready? 
To register and get complete information, 

log on to: 

.......... " . 

MONDAV, OCTOBER 2, 200& THE UCSD GUARDtAN 9 



10 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

HannJl Camp 
Jocus@ucsdguardian.org 

In general, 
female professors 
don't advance 
as far or as fast as 
men do, but 
awareness of the 
problem doe~n't 
seem to lend to its 
solution. 

H 
By Matthew Leavitt 

Associate Focus Editor 
'j 

er name was Mrs. Lindblatt and she was a stellar 
kindergarten teacher. She was replaced by Mrs. 
Balsis in first grade. Mrs. Hinds. Ms. Boivin. 
Mrs. Gordon. Mrs. Dexter and then in col-
lege. Professor John Granger. Professor Melvyn 

Freilicher, Professor Sarah Bynum and Professor Norman 
Bryson . Replace the names with those of your own K-12 
teachers and college professors. and try to notice a pattern . 
Mrs. Lindblatt is part of ~ firm foundation of women. the K-12 
demographic of teachers. who have yet to be fully represented 
in the halls of higher education. Their influence. while great. 
i limited. 

According to a report sponsored by the Office of Research 
on Women's Health at the National Institutes of Health. Eli 
Lilly and Co., the National Science Foundat ion. the Ford 
Foundat ion and the National Academies, women are still 
underrepresented in leadership positions at universities, with 
an implied bias against their advancement. 

"Compared with men. women faculty members are gener-

SITE S~~N I 
It 's a rare restaurant where the waitresses fight to give you service. That's what the help is like at EI Cajon's SO Chicken Pie Shop, where the attitude is displayed on a hand-scribbled sign posted on 
a counter of utensils, coffee and soda: "ThIs Is not a 
self-service station. Please sit down and walt for your 
server: 

l'HE'l'cUARVIAN 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

MONP~ OCTOBER 2, 2006 

ally paid less and promoted more slowly. receive fewer honors. 
and hold fewer leadership positions." the report stated. "These 
discrepancies do not appear to be based on productivity, the 
significance of their work or any other performance mea-
sures." 

At UCSD, the statistics are no different. Women facul ty 
members are well -represented in the areas of arts and humani-
ties, but there is a disparity in the engi neering and physical 
sciences departments. According to the Ladder-Rank Faculty 
Recruitment Activity Report for the 2005-06 hiring period, 
only 21 women accepted positions as facul ty. comprisi ng 33 
percent of the hires. The engineering department had three· 
women accept posi tions, or 30 percent, and physical sciences 
roped in one woman, for 13 percent. Arts and humanities led 
the draft wi th five women accepting positions. or 65 percent of 
the new wave of professors. 

Professor Deborah Wingard. a professor at the UCSD 
Medical School and ex-chair of the Committee on the Status of 
Women, looks to her past for explanation of the gender gap. 

The tough love is a throwback to the olden days, 
when Ma slapped your hand if you touched dinner 
before it was ready. Dark gold, '60s-era glass divides 
the dIning booths. and the restaurant itself Is split Into 
take-out and dine-In sections. The ambience Is gloomy 
but warm, utilizing wood browns and tans to compose 
a scene close to a Norman Rockwell canvas. 

@nough for a satisfying, spiced cruftdt but thin enough 
to avoid dripping, ICFC-esque gNIM. 

The shop also ofI'm a smaIIlSSOI1ment eI pies -
which come whole or by-thHb with the $6 dinners 
- Including rhubarb, peach and apple. 

The food is just as classic as the setting. The shop's 
menu is a nostalgiC, Southern chow-down: biscuits, fried 
chicken, peas and - of course - all'SOrtS of pies. There 
are pies filled with all sorts of meats, accompanied with 
a hefty assortment of sides for a worthwhile $6. The 
milky mashed potatoes come with hearty gravy, and 
tne rolls are made of a soft dough that has the f.mtest 
aftertaste of sweetness. 

If the restaurant's staple Item doesn't ImIrest you, 
the alternatives are just as tasty. For Its fried chicken, 
the shop uses a spicy breading that Is thick and dense 

While It may be c:hNp, this oIcHtyIe "lrIIra II 
cash only, so leave the plastic It home. 

so ChIcMn PIe Shop 
2633 EI cajon Blvd. 
San OIego,CA 92104 

PERSPECTIVE 
e reason young girls and 

minorities don't go into the 
sciences is because they don't see 

members like them." 
- Professor Deborah Wingard, UCSD Medical School 

JENNIFER HSUICUIIRDMN 

"Historically. society has encouraged different behaviors in 
boys and girts:' Wingard said. "Girls have been steered tOWIIl"iIs 
humaniti es and boys have been steered towards the physical 
sciences. The problem is it starts really young. If you look at 
the high schools, you will see more boys than gi rls interested 
in science." 

For Wingard. visibility of female role models plays a key 
role in the recruitment of women faculty. Without a pioneer 
leading the way. many women may give up their dream of 
becoming a renowned chemist OT biomedical engineer. "Part 
of the reason women and minorit ies don't go into the sciences 
is they don't see members like them," she said. "As a young .girl. 
I never considered something like firefighting. Women just 
weren't firefighters back then." 

Firefighting aside. it is hard to imagine what UCSD could 
do to foster an envi ronment where wotnen pursue academic 
paths that have been traditionally discouraged. Despite the dis-

[ PROFESSORS, page 15 J 

." •• J '" •• , ••• " ••• f' I 
, , f • , ~ , • • • • • • , , • , , • , I • I • • , • • i • I , • , , , I I • , • • • 

GO 

I 

fOR A GOOD CAUSE 
STAY fOR THE fUN 

11 



.. 

12 FOCUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

• In 
the 

By Matthew Leavitt 
ASSOCIATE FOCUS EDITOR 

The woman fondled her cluster of grapes. She rolled it around in her hand and slid it up the side of 
her arm. She sucked on some grapes and 
rubbed her cheek with the rest. Then she 
ripped them from their stem and threw 
them into her mouth, sometimes missing. 
Grapes littered the floor as she gnashed 
the fruit with her molars. Pieces of skin 
got caught in her teeth. When she finished 
her bunch. she frolicked away to form a 
lime-and-orange line, tossing and passing 
citrus fruit with her fellow employees. 

This scene is part of "Site 1: Food 4 
Less Market Produce Aisles: 'Precision 
(sic) Produce Handling:" the brainchild 
of Jean Isaacs, founder and artistic direc-
tor of the outside performance program 
Trolley Dances. 

Isaacs founded the event out of neces-
sity. "My first year was a practical need," 
Isaacs said as she passed out tickets to 
customers. "We couldn't afford a theater, 
but still needed to produce my work." A 
man interrupted her and began relay-
ing the summary of the previous show. 
Apparently, one of the observers had 
grabbed a watermelon and began danc-
ing with the produce workers. "Dh, that is 
wonderful!" Isaacs said. "That is great." 

Eight years since its inception, Trolley 
Dances is running strong. Six sites con-
struct the program, each year following a 
different course through the Metropolitan 
Transit System. This year, the course start-
ed in the produce aisle of the local Food 
4 Less, wrapped its way around Market 
Creek Plaza and passed 47th Street on its 
way to the intersection of 25th Street and 
Commercial Street, where it concluded. 
Isaacs procured the idea for a show after 
visiting Switzerland, where she ·saw danc-
ers parade through buses and on tops of 

houses. "It was incredible and with site-
specific work dance, you look at the space 
and the dance writes itself," she said. 

The crowd on this particular tour was 
mostly Caucasians of varying ages. from 
teenagers to grandparents. Abercrombie 
to Ann Taylor. No one knew what to 
expect when they fLIed into the produce 
section of Food 4 Less and watched as the 
dancers milled around before the show, 
exclaiming forced dialogue such as, "I 
hate that new boss" and "Anyone ready 
for a lunch break?" When the music start-
ed, they formed a line and bounded in 
with slouched posture and ape-like hands. 
The music was follsy and the fruits of 
chOice were limes and oranges. The danc-
ers constructed complicated patterns of 
fruit tossing and passing lines. sometimes 
stopping to tango with each other or 
seduce the crowd with broccoli, grapes, 
cucumbers or pears. When they finished, 
they formed a line and played their fruits 
and vegetables like instruments, with the 
minstrels of King Arthur's time for their 
inspiration. 

Later on in the event. observer Kim 
Hunt described the performance. 

"It's really interesting that they're doing 
it at different sites," Hunt said. "I liked 
how playful and inventive the produce 
dance was." 

"She liked that she got seduced by a 
guy with an apple;' her husband said. 
Hunt blushed. 

At "Site 2: A small corner of the amphi-
theater at Market Creek Plaza," dancers 
in white sports bras and skirts over sheer 
culottes examined the mud on their soles. 
They carried each other over miniature 
grass terraces and looked longingly past 
their outstretched hands and feet. The 
music was once again folksy and the danc-
ers pranced and extended their limbs with 

[ DANCING, page IS 1 

DWITH I 

./ ~ ~ . j: ; :.. . . 
. '1 • , . ' '. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

"RASH KESHMIRIANICUARDIAN 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

1M UCSD Cmtn for 1M HIUIIII,.it;es 
With tIu gntmnlS su1'1'Orl 0/ 

l1U! P"tricill l1li4 Clrristop#rn Weil FOUIUiQtion 

Economics Nobel laureate 
Pl'9f. AMARTY A SEN 

"The Illusions of Identity" 
For his work on famine, poverty and social change, Economi s Nobel 
laureate AMARTYA SEN. Professor of Economics and Philosophy, at 

Harvard University, has been called " the conscience of his 
profession". His groundbreaking research and writing has ranged 

over a number of fields in economics, philosophy, and decision theory, 
including social choice theory, welfare economics, public health, moral 

and political philOllOphy, and the economics of peace and war. As a 
leader in "developmental economics", Sen has stood apart from many 
of the economists of the late 2(}t11and early 21 " century, by focusing on 
questions of "value". His books have been translated in to more than 

thirty languages, and include, among others, Collerlill(' Choice «lid Social 
Welfare (1970), On Economic Inequality (1973, 1997), P{]l)ertyawJ FanllnfS 
(1981), Rotionlility Imd Freedom (2002), TIre Argumen/ative Iud,"" (2005), 
and most recently, Jdmti/y mId Violence: TIle IlIl/sion of DestillY (2006) 

about which he will speak at UCSD. 

Thursday, October 5, 2006 
5:30 - 7:00 pm Reception to follow 

Hojel Auditorium, Institute of Americas 
FREE and OPEN TOTHE PUBLIC 

For more information vi. it http://humdr:ucod.edu or call 85S-534-0999 

Donate school supplies for 
the students at Gompers 

Charter Middle School 
(pencils, pens, paper, digital cameras, etc.) 

Visit the Giving Tree at the Thurgood 
Marshall College Dean's office 

for specific wish list items. 
Donations col/ected 
through Oct. 6th @ 
TMC Administration 

Building. 

Thurgood 
Marshall College 

For more information contact 858-534-4390 
or email tmcfamily@ucsd.edu 

Students 
FIICheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From Sin Diego to: 

F .... no $151 Am.terdam $534 

Denver $202 Tokyo $608 

$303 Melbourne $953 

• C =. StudentUniverse.com 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN FOCUS 13 



., 

14 CAMPUS CALENDAR THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY. OCTOBER 2. 2006 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to www.ucsdguardian.org and link to "Calendar" Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

MONOCT2 
CAREER 

Finding III Internship or Part Time Job -
Participating in an internship or a part-
time job can have wide· ranging benefits. 
Yet. with so many options available. which 
one Is right for you? Come learn strate-
gies for searching internship and part-
time job listings to find positions that will 
meet your goals. 10-11 :1 Sam at the Career 
Services Center. 

' LECTURE 
'The RHI Role of Interns in An Inttmltlonal 
Grassroots Organization' with with ' 
Linda Biehl. Co-founder. The Amy Biehl 
Foundation.Amy Biehl. an American 
Fulbright scholar who traveled to South 
Africa to develop voter registration pro-
grams. was stabbed and killed by an angry 
mob in 1993 outside of Cape Town. Her 
family. dedicated to furthering Amy's work 
by perpetuating intercultural understand-
ing and development formed the Amy 
Biehl Foundation.Mrs. Biehl will speak 
about the history and purpose of the 
organization. as well .as the role interns 
play. 7pm in the Great Hall. 
Express to Success Seminar on 
InttrptnClflll Communication -The start of 
a yearlong series of seminars deisgned to 
help you succeed in the very competitive 
job market. 3-4:30 pm Revelle Conference 
RoomC 

RECREATION 

Watch Monday Night Football It Round 
Table PizzI. Price Center - The Eagles host 
the Packers. 5:30pm. 
RON Nights - Have a sip of coffee, talk 
with friends. listen to · good music. Tim 
Corley performs at Espresso Roma in Price 
Center. 8pm Free. 

TUESOCT3 
ACADEMIC 

Programs Abroad Japan Info Stsslon 
Learn about how you can learn Japanese 
history and culture while earning UC cred-
it in Japan! Take these first steps to pave 
the path to studying abroad! 2:30-4pm in 
the International Center Lounge. Contact: 
abroad@ucsd.edu or 534-1 I 23 for more 
information 

CAREER 
Resume Writing for Internships and Part-
TIme Jobs - Want to draw employers in. 
impress them with your experience. and 
stand out above the rest? this workshop 
will guide you through the steps to devel-
oping an eye-catching cover letter and 
an unbeatable resume that includes all of 
the essential elements. Develop a resume 
draft on the spot under the guidance of 
our career expert. llam-12:15pm at the 
Career Services Center. 
Puce Corps Info Stsslons - The adven-
ture of a lifetime is calling! Peace Corps 
volunteers are urgently needed in more 
than 70 countries for assignments In edu-
cation. busine~s. health. computer sci-
ence. agriculture. and the environment. 
Meet a returned volunteer and explore 
job opportunities. benefits. and the Peace 
Corps application process. 1:30-3pm at the 
Career Services Center. 

RECREATION 
Weekly Film Series presents OIl VIncI Code 
at Price Center Theatre. 6 & 9 pm. S3. 

WEDOCT4 
ACADEMIC 

lEI: ICnowItdge bchangt Instit1a - Come 

learn all about KEI's offerings all over the 
globe. A program representative will be 
available to answer all of your questions 
about the many opportunities in Africa. 
Australia. Europe. Latin America. Asia. 
and North America at an info seSSion, 
as well as on library walk. Be sure to 
stop by to gain more knowledge from the 
Knowledge Exchange Institute! 2:30pm 
in the International Center Lounge. Table 
on library Walk 9am-I pm. Contact: www. 
kelabroad.org for more information 
AustrllRm- Are,au int-ud In stucl,tng 
'clown under' In Australia or New Zealand? 
See how the Southern Hemisphere lives 
by attending the Australearn info ses-
sion! 2:30pm in the International Center 
Pavillion. Table on Library Walk 9am·2pm. 
Feel free to stop and say G'day to the rep-
resentative. Contact: www.australearn.org 
for more information 

ARTS 
Arusha Project presents the film. "A 
Panthtr in Africa" and spoken word by 
Mama Charlotte O·Neal. former Black 
Panther exiled to Tanzania with her hus-
band Pete. founder and original Chairman 
of the Kansas City Chapter. Q&A session 
afterwards. Admission: FREE. 7pm in 
Porter's Pub. UCSD Student Center. Phone: 
408-888-6401. 
It's all about the drums! 5hft SmIth brings 
Jazz Llpcy to Mandeville Auditorium. 
8pm. General Admission S2S. UCSO 
Students S 15. 

CAREER 
Dn-CImpus Inttr'llewing OritntItion 
Searching for a full-time career position or 
a challenging internship? Try On-Campus 
Interviewing! Each quarter. top employers 
host special interviews and presentations 
at the Career Services Center in order to 
fill a variety of employment opportunities. 
Get up to speed on this quarter's guest 
employers and learn how you can par-
ticipate in this outstanding career booster. 
(On-campus interviews run 10/-" /17 by 
appointment only.) 1-2pm in the Career 
Services Center. 
Pharmacy SdIooI: PrtpIring and ApplyIng 
- Find out about the academic and expe-
riential background needed for admission 
to pharmacy school. including academic 
courses. reference letters and related expe-
rience. Get up to speed on the application 
process and meet your professional school 
advisors. 3-4pm in the Career Services 
Center. 
QutstIoning C- TI'IIIIitIon Group for 
Ph.D. Studtnts - This five-session group 
workshop will help you think through the 
decision of whether an academic career 
or other career options may be best for 
you. In a confidential group environment. 
discuss how knowing your values. per-
sonality type. skills. and goals can help 
you take your next step. Participants must 
commit to all five sessions. Pre'registration 
is required. please call 858.534.3750 or 
stop by the Career Services Center to sign 
up. 3:3(}-5pm In the Career Services Center 
Conference Room. 
InttrYltwlng to Win - At every level of 
your career, the Job interview can make or 
break an employer's decision to hire you. 
Our career advisor will share interview· 
ing techniques that will help you start 
strong and be a winner. Find out how to 
anticipate the questions you'll be asked 
and learn the best strategies for following 
up after your interview. 5-6:3Opm In the 
Career Services Center. 

LECTURE 
Ex".. to Sucas, SemInIw on NIIk 
5peIkJng .... 5:3Opm Cross Cultural Center. 

ExpItSI toS\lcctss Seminaron Interptnonal 
CommunkItIon 2-3:3Opm Cross Cultural 
Center. 

STUDENT ORGS 

Undtrtracluate IIIftStIMnt Socitty Info 
ffitht - Attn: For all Freshman to Super 
Seniors!l! Do you want some real life appli-
cations and street smarts when it comes 
to dealing with your personal finance? UIS 
can help you develop leadership. team-
work. and problem solving skills that will 
be essential to your future (for all majors). 
7-8pm In the Sun God Lounge Gallery B. 
from 7pm-8pm. Free PIZZA! 

THURSOCT 5 
ACADEMIC 

Programs AbroId UK/lrtllnd Info StssIon. 
12-I :3Opm International Center Lounge. 
Come and hear from students who have 
participated in study programs in the 
UK and Ireland. Learn how you can take 
advantage of such an experience while 
making progress toward your UC degree! 
Contact: abroad@ucsd.edu or 534-1 123 
for more information. 

CAREER 
How to Intenl_ for Inttm.hip. 
Preparation and confidence are critical to 
doing well during your Internship inter-
view. In this interactive workshop. you'lI 
learn tips and strategies for successful 
interviewing so that you leave employers 
Impressed and Interested in you! 9:30-
10:45am at the Career Services Center. 
UCDC Info StssIon - If you've ever wanted 
to live and work in the nation's capital and 
get UC credit for it this program is for 
youl The UCDC program sends students 
from all majors to intern and study in 
Washington. DC every quarter. Come find 
out about requirements. deadlines, and 
the application process. 12-1 :3Opm in the 
Career Services Center. 
LAIW SchooI:PrepuIng 1 Applying - UCSO's -
pre-law advisor will walk you through the 
law school admissions process. includ-. 
Ing how to best prepare yourself and 
how to apply. Hear about the Law School 
Admission Test. resources to help you 
select schools. and strategies for writing 
your application essay. As an added bonus. 
you'll pick up tips on how to get the most 
out of the Law School Fair! 2-3pm at the 
Career Services Center. 

LECTURE 

T1It UCSD c.ntw for the Humlnitlts pres-
tilts: EcoMmIa NoIMI ..... ~ 
Sen on "The Illusions of Identity." Professor 
Sen's research has ranged over a number 
of fields In economics, philosophy. and 
decision theory. including social choice 
theory. welfare economics. theory of mea-
surement development economics. public 
health. gender studies. moral and political 
philosophy. and the economics of peace 
and war. He will speak about his most 
recent book. 'Identity and Violence: The 
Illusion of Destiny.' 5:30 -7pm with rece~ 
tion to follow. Hoje! Auditorium. Institute 
of Americas. Free and open to the public. 
http://humctr.ucsd.edu 

RECREATION 

Stop rhyming and I mean It I Weekly Film 
Series presents TIlt ~ IrIdt at Price 
Center Theatre 6 & 9pm. Free Admission. 

FRIOCT6 
ARTS 
A~ presents Tony winner 5ftIon 
..... backed by a string ensemble. See 
FEATUIIED box. 

FEATURED 

Savion Glover 
Think you've heard Vivaldi's 
Four Seasons? Not if you 
haven't heard it tapped 
through the metal-clad sales 
of tap's undisputed maestro. 
Young, innovative SAVION 
GLOYER has been credited for 

• reinventing the meaning of tap-
dancing and catapulting it to an 
unparalleled level of funk and 
flavor. Tony Award winner for 
the Broadway smash-hi t Bring in 
da Noise, Bring in da Funk . Glover 
comes to San Diego backed by 

a string ensemble. This e1e<.trifying performer shuffles, flaps, hops and ball-
changes for two inspired hours, bringing a new understanding to the phrase 
"classically trained: Tickets: $24-$48; UCSD Students with ID: 50% off; 
UCSD Faculty/ Staff with ID: 10% off; YOUlhINon-UCSD Students: $10 
off. UCSD Student and Faculty/Staff discount tickets must be purchased 
at the UCSD Box Office, Price Center, with proof of ID Special Dinner 
tickets are $75 per person for dinner, wine and gratuity. 858.534.TlXS, 
www.artpower.ucsd.edu 

FRI OCT 61 SAT OCT 7 
8pm, COPLEY SYMPHONY HALL, Downtown SO 

CAREER 
On-e-. PrKtIm IntwYItwIng for .Job 
5Hktrs -Interviews play a key role in your 
search for a career position. and krl<lw-
Ing what to say and how to say It can 
be tricky. III this small-groug workshop. 
you'lI build your confidence by respond-
ing to real Interview questions while being 
videotaped. Receive immediate feedback 
from our career expert. learn by watch-
ing others. and get helpful tips from your 
peers. Pre-registration is required. please 
call 858.534.3750 or sign up at Career 
Services. 10am-12 Noon in the Career 
Services Center Conference Room. 
SAGE SchoIan Prognrn Info Session -
Discover the SAGE (Student Achievement 
Guided by Experience) Scholars Program. 
a unique partn4!rship between business 
and education that offers paid internship 
experience. financial assistance. and pro-
fessional skill development to first-genera-
tion college students with demonstrated 
financial need. Come leam about tre pr0-
gram benefits. eligibility requirements. and 
application procedures. 12 Noon-I 2:30pm 
in the Career Services Center. 
UC LAW SCHOOL Adllliulons DIrectors 
PaMi - thinking about attending law 
school? Don't miss this Incredible OJIPOI:-
tunity to listen In as the admiSSions officers 
from the four UC law schools visit UCSO 
to share their insights Into the admis-
sions process. Learn what they look for 
In top applicants and get your questions 
answered during this unique panel pre-
sentation. 1-2pm at Career Servkes. 

SPECIAL EVENT 

Fl. FestIvII on the GreIn - Meet over 
I 50 student organizations. watch live 
entertainment and performances. Food 
and free giveaways all day! Sponsored by 
501.0. 1 0am-3pm Ubrary Walk. 

SPORTS 
....... .... Palo versus UCLA. 6pm It 
Canyonvtew AqUltIc Cemr. 
........ ....,... versus Cal State 
BakenfIeId. 7pm In RIMAe. 

SAT OCT 7 
ARTS 

5nion GIonr performs at Copley 
Symphony Hall. Spm. Purchase tickets at 
the UCSO Box OffIce. 

SPORTS 

WomtI\', Tennis Alumni 0.,. All day. 
Northview Tennis Courts. 
Men'll ...... SwIm T_ AIuIIInI Mttt. 
9am at Canyonvlew Aquatic Center. 
Men', 1 ...... Croll c-try . UCSO 
Triton Classic, 9 am on UCSO's cross coun-
try course. 

...... VoItJW versus Cal State LA. 
7pm In RIMAe. 

UPCOMING 
CAREER 

DeIIIIMI Oft..c-pus InttI Mw!t19 with 
Top ~ - Looking for a career 
position or Internship? Industry-leading 
employers recruit at the Career Services 
Center throughout the year for positions 
outside of our regular listings. Log on to 
http://career.ucsd.edu and click on 'On-
Campus Interviewing" to learn about the 
companies and submit your resume for 
upcoming Interviews. Current resume 
deadlines Include: 10/2106 for Space 
Systems/loral (Interviews on 10/161(6); 
1013106 for Jet Propulsion Laboratory 
(Interviews on 10117/(6); 10/4/06 for Jet 
Propulsion Laboratory (Interviews on 
10/18/06); 1014106 for CRB Consulting 
Engineers (Interviews on 10/181(6); 
10/4106 for sse San Diego (Interviews 
on 10/181(6); 10/4/06 for Aerospace 
Corporation (Interviews on 10/181(6); 
1015106: FactSet llesurch Systems. Inc. 
(Interviews on 10/19/06). 

RECREATION 

want to get up to the slopes but can't fI9-
ure out how?1he UCSDSti .... SI ........ 
'_Info met!tlng wHl benextWednesday. 
October 11th It 8pm, In the GREEN ROOM 
Inside of RIMAe. UCSO SkIn SnowboIrd 
Team, .... 1d .a •• '.I-. ...... 
........... 

MONDAY. OCTOBER 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Obstacles Still Exist for Female 
Professors Seeking Advancement 
~ PROFESSOR, from page 10 
parity in numbers, the attitude toward recruit-
ment is one of positive change. Many promi-
nent members of what could be dubbed the 
modern women's movement at UCSD agree 
that change is occurring. "I think [the attitude 
towards women] is changing, and UCSD has 
been taking action against the lack of diversity 
on campus,~ Wingard said. 

Professor Linda Zangwill, co-chair of 
Women in Sciences and Engineering, concurs. 
"We are working hard to recruit and retain 
women faculty at UCSD; Zangwill said. 

in an e-mail, Emelyn dela Pena, director of 
the Women's Center on campus, conveyed her 
pleasure at the action being taken . 

First, children and childbearing affect the 
ability to publish, which is critical in receiv-
ing tenure. To combat 'this, universities extend 
the timeline for tenure by a year if a professor 
gives birth. The extension is good for women 
professors, but also lowers the rate at which 
women professors can be hired. Childbearing 
also causes some to leave the field . 

Second, businesses and government agen-
cies love hiring female assistant professors. 
The high demand makes many voluntarily opt 
out of academia. 

Third, senior female professors receive 
fewer outside job offers; preventing them from 
increasing their salaries in bidding wars with 
other universities. 

Fourth, female pro-
fessors populate fields 
of study that have lower 

"While we are stal far 
from where we want to be 
in terms of gender equity in 
our faculty ranks, I'm very 
pleased to know that initia-
tives and policies are being 
put in place and campuses 
are being held accountable 
by the UC Office of the 
President,B she stated. 

\iftA~'1 e we are stiIl very 
far from where we 

salaries in general, as the 
physical sciences earn 
more. 

Carson also addressed 
the lack of women leaders. 
_ "With respect to lead-
ership positions, I don't 
know of any evidence that 
suggests that this is really 
an issue - after one con-
trols for the relatively small 
number of senior faculty 
women, particularly in 
some science and engi-
neering fields; he stated 
in an e-mail. "A standard 
complaint of many senior 

want to be in terms 
of gender equity in 

our faculty ranks, rm 
very pleased to know 
that initiatives and 

policies are being put 
• lace. " mp .. 

The action of which this 
trifecta of women's rights 
speaks is a combination of 
committees and a proce-
dural Best Hiring Practices, 
instituted by the univerSity. 
There is the Committee 
on the Status of Women, 
Women in Science and 
Engineering and a facuIty 
program at UCSD and its 
medical school. Both com-
mittees monitor and advise 
the university's hiring prllc-

_ Emelyn dela Pena, Director, female faculty members 1 
UCSD Women's Center know is being asked to 

serve in too many leader-

tices and environment relat-
ed to women. The faculty program pairs each 
incoming faculty member with a senior faculty 
member that menlors the neophyte professors 
in the ways of academic success and strength-
ens their ties to the department. 

· We are working at the faculty level and at 
the student level; Wingard said. "The program 
makes the senior faculty member awan; of \he 
problems facing women and minority faculty." 

The programs, though, will be hard -pressed 
to fight against inherent economic factors, 
according to the logic of professor Richard 
Carson, chair of the economics department. 
He cited four main factors that affect the pro-
fessional success of women faculty. 

ship positions." 
While the programs 

and committees that have been instituted spe-
cifically target the lack of female role models 
in engineering and physical science fields, they 
have yet to address the systematic problems 
Carsoll ciles. 

As of now, UCSD has a plan to bolster 
numbers without necessarily affecting under-
lyif\8 economic factors \ The only component, 
agreed upon by aU is the importance of diver-
sity, as stated by the UC President's Task Force 
on Faculty Diversity in its May 2006 presenta-
tion: "Equality of opportunity will ensure that 
UC can fully utilize the intellectual resources 
embedded in our diversity and maintain our 
legitimacy as a pUblic land grant university." 

'Trolley Dances' Series Takes Its 
Performances to Unlikely Areas 

• DANCING, from page 12 
faces that alternated between blank apathy and 
pained yearning. It was what comes to mind 
when someone mentions Swan Lake to bal -
let neophytes. Although, according to Sarah 
Leonard and Natalie Briley, two dance students 
and attendees at the show, the movements were 
decidedly more modern. Briley and Leonard 
study dance at Palomar Community CoUege 
and attended the event for a 
homework assignment. 

Diego Ballet, displayed tremendous body con-
tro� that would have left most couch potatoes 
exhausted by Simply watching her . 

The concept of interaction between dancer 
and environment in a site-specific dance was 
most evident at "Site 5: 2Sth and Commercial 
Stop." Dancers in white tuxedo coats and flow -
ing clothes of cream and white shuffled across 
a vacant 101 with heaps of broken concrete. The 

dancers alternated between 
walking slowly and shaking 

When asked what type 
of dance was happening at 
TroDey Dances, they laughed. 
"It's .a little modern, a little 
jazz .... It depends on how you 
interpret it; Leonard said. 

The girls had trouble giv-
ing a more "precise definition. 
"It's hard to explain,» Briley 
said through giggles. "It's 
modern because you can fit 
anything into modern now." 

·Site 3: WriterZBlok: a 
gathering center for teens 
'Antriebm was defmitely mod-

moved locations 
and held a dance 

fight in the parking 
lot, using moves that 
looked like capoeira, 
a form of Brazilian 

martial artct." 

their fists at the sky. They 
covered their heads when 
they walked over ditches 
and danced moves remi-
niscent of the Brat Pack. 
Dancing in the city hasn't 
been this cool since the 
Sharks and the Jets fought 
it out. 

The last stop, ·Site 6: 
Vacant Rec Center; held 
a group of dancers stand-
ing on small pilJars, poking 
and exploring each other's 

ern. Dancers in cut -off capris and loose shirts 
marched and rolled in the dirt next to heavily 
graffitied walls. They formed complex Dlarching 
patterns and hand movements, so coordinated 
that if the moves had been cornier, they would 
have stolen them from OK GoL It was quite 
the contJ~st 10 "Site 4: 47th Street Stop: 'Two 
Formsm (created in 1980), where a ballerina 
in a black leotard and black tights stretched 
and extended on a black duct-taped cart, then 
rubbed up against a red sculpture. The ballerina, 
Rachel Sebastian, the principal dancer of the San 

Jont rHE GUAIDIA" 

faces. They moved loca-
tions and held a dance fight in the parking lot, 
using moves that looked like capoeira, a form of 
Brazilian martial arts. One of the dancers per-
formed a modern pole dance using a lamppost. 
He repeated his refrain three times until another 
dancer caught him by the neck and led him to a 
vacant parking spot. There, they dance-fought it 
out. The tour guide, Lance Rogers. summarized 
the ingenuity and allure of TroUey Dances. "It's 
a litmus test for people's comfort zones," he said . 
"[The dancers and observers arel not used to 
being outside of the theater." 

Applications available online at 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
Submit completed IOppIlatlons to our offices 

ioaoted on the I«Ond floor of the student center. 

FOCUS 15 



-t 

16 CLASSIFIEDS 

EVENTS 
The GuIrd!.n _'1 rip down ,our flJIISl 
Do you have something to tell UCSD? You 
don't need to plaster flyers all over the Price 
Center and watch them get torn down or 
covered over in minutes. Dig deep and 
cough up the 5 bucks and let the Guardian 
classifieds do all the work. That's 20,000 of 
your damn flyers in one week! That's right 
baby, both in the paper and on line at 
ucsdguardian.org. Pay for 2 issues and we'll 
match with 2 more until October 30, 2006. 
Check ucsdguardian.org for easy instruc-
tions or just call us @ 858 534-3466. Gitter 
done. (10/26) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE'l'GUARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSO GuMIIan re"!/'Yes the right to clauify, edit. delete offMsive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all ad-ffiotl--.ents without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the GlHlrdHJn liable for any claims r ... u~lng from the publicalion of the ad-ffiotlsement. 

Th~ publisher will also not be held accoumable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the neXl 
regular Issue, all errors mUSt be repotted by the cor~espondlng ~adline . Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect portion of the advert~sement. n-e are no refunds for cancellations. 
....... send all correspo ..... nce reprdl", Claulfleds to: 
UC50 Guardian, Attn: CliulflMs, 9500 Gilman DrIw "316, 1.1 JoI .... CA 92O!13. 
ActuIllocatlon: Student Center A. Room 217, 

CllsslfIed UNE 
AD Rates 

Students: S5 per 20 ... 
Faculty & Staff: '7 ..... 20 ... 

All others: .,0 ..... 20 ... 
Advance payment is required 

Classlfted DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20.00 per column Inch 
DudlIMI: 

Publication Date Displav Ads Une Ads 
-..ley NoGn TIIun. ] .... TIIun. 
11Iursd.y NoGn MM. J ..... MM. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

Del Mar area, Mon-Tues-Thurs 3:00-6:00 
pm. Contact Wendy at 8SB-259-9670 or 
w_burgooOOyahoo.com. (10/2) 

Mother's Helper needed 2days1week: M:12-
6pm; one other day: 12-5PM, flexible. Four 
year old girl and 6 year old boy with High 
Functioning Autism. Duties Include home 
organization and some driving. Del Mar 
area. Please have reliable car, re~ences 
and fun attitude. 858-481 -5313 (10/5) 

FOR SALE 
UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

UC5D Open House is coming, Saturday, 
October 21st Go to openhouse.ucsd.edu 
(10/19) 

email: adsucsdguardian@Yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org Back-to-School 
Special 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Some pledges 
are rushin' 
Learn to 

speak Russian 
Pre-dental 
meeting-

But we don't know when: or when 
b«ause they didn't put 

it in The G",mium. 
Fly open !be wallet for a five or ten, and 
let us driVt. 20,000 GlUlrdians a week all 

over campus will beat your tlier. 

GUARDIAN ADVERTISING 
CALL 858-534-3467 

SAL Honors - National Honors Organization 
is seeking founding officers to begin 
campus chapter at UCSD - contact: 
rminer@salhonors.org (10/9) 

ATTN UCSD departments, clubs and 0l9s: 
UC50 Rocks! UCSO's Open House takes 
place Saturday, October 21 , 10 am-2 pm. 
You can still register online at http://open-
house.ucsd.edu/ participate.htm. Present 
programs you want the community to 
know more about, create an interactive 
experience for visitors, 'or get creativel 
(1 0/9) 

Be a volunteer for UCSD Open House! Event 
Crew Volunteers receive a fabulous keep-
sake themed t-shirt, a catered lunch on the 
day of the event, and countless opportuni-
ties to meet new people--simply by partiCi-
pating in the "feel good" event of the fall . 
Sign up online at http://openhouse.ucsd. 
edu/ participate.htm today. We'll even send 
praise of your participation to your supervi-
sor or department headl (10/12) 

CONSIDERING BECONING A CATHOLlCl 
CATHOLIC BUT NOT CONFIRMEDl The 
Newman Center, Catholic Community 
Center at UCSD will begin its RCiA (Rite 
of Christian Initiation of Adults) and 
Confirmation program on Tuesday, Oct. 
17 ay 7:00 p.rn. in Roetter Hall at Good 

Samaritan Episcopal Church (4321 Eastgate 
Mall, corner of Eastgate Mall and Genesee). 
An Orientation Session for Conflrmation 
only will be held on Tuesday, Oct. 10 at 
7 p.m. in Roetter Hall at Good Sam's. For 
more information or to register, contact 
Lynn Neu at 858 .... 52-1957 or IneU@ucsd. 
edu (1012) 

ALL majors needed to GET INVOLVED in 
10 community projects, solving techni-
cal needs for non-profits with Teams in 
Engineering Service, hnp://ties.ucsd.edu. 
(10/9) • 

Regents Piuaria - See their FREE SLICE ad 
in the SSG Magazine! Steve and the good 
folks at this awesome piua joint aren't kid-
ding around! Give them a try. (10/12) 

Free stuff and great prlzesl Cotton's Dirty 
Laundry Tour is coming to the Sun God 
Lawn October 5th. Go to accesscotton.com 
for more information. (1012) 

EMPLOYMENT 
The Guardian Business OffIce is hlrin91 Look 
for postings on Triton Port for: Network 
Administrator (job '528503) for our server, 
software and hardware; Student Advertisi ng 
manager (job '655483) provides sales and 
promotion support; and Distribution peo-
ple (job 1491080) to deliver the Guardian 
(Monday and Thursday mornings, 7:45am) 
and maintain and monitor over 70 circula-
tion sites. For info, check Triton Port, stop 
by the office (upStairs In the Old Student 
Center) or call our General manager Anna 
at 858-534-6845. Please reference the job 
number. (10/9) 

Financial Advisor needs help for client ser-
vices. UTe area - flexible hours. Call Michael 
@ 858-55'8-7000 x391 , mfarboud@finsvcs. 
com (10/5) 

La Jolla. IT guru for small consulting office. 
Maintenance of computers, software, net-
works. Call Emily or Fred Cahn; BMS, LLC; 
858-643-9302. www.biomedicalstrategies. 
com (10/5) 

La Jolla. Statistical analysis assistant for 
medical, economics projects using Excel, 
etc. Call Emily or Fred Cahn; BMS, LLC; 
858-643-9302. www.biomedicalstrategies. 

Learn about a new way t 

........,A 
fore 0 I lege 

Student Securities 
SKurtng ,our future. 

Www.studentsecurities"com 

com (10/5) 

La Jolla. Small consulting office, light admin 
work & phones. Call Emily or Fred Cahn; 
BMS, LLC; 858-643-9302. www.biomedlcal-
strategies.com (1015) 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers, 'AII 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$850-$1050 hourly 
eanJacki 

(858)565-2144 
GROUP EXERCISE INSTRUCTORS NEEDEDII 
The Embrace program is hiring certified 
aerobics and kickboxing group exercise 
instructors to teach 6th grade children. 1 
year of experience in lieu of certification is 
acceptable. Classes take place in the morn-
ings during school hours between Sam 
and 12 noon and after school between 
2:3(}'5pm. Compensation is $25-30$ per 
hour class. If qualified, call Lisa Rodriguez 
at (619) 504:9201 to schedule an interview. 
(10/2) 

Mystery Shoppers. Earn up to $ I SO/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover shop-
pers needed to judge retail and dining 
establishments. Call 800-722-4791. (I 1/30) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attor-
ney needs part time assistance (Monday, 
Wednesday, Friday) to assist at office. Hours 
are 8:15 am to 7:00 pm (plus additional 

ACROSS 
1 Polka followers 
5 Small, green bird 
10 listenlly 
14 Old-time actress Menken 
15 Author Asimov 
16 Fiji 's caRital 
17 Fats Waller classic 
20 Spanish Miles. 
21 legill bars 
22 Gist 
24 Practice boxing 
25 Sip 
26 6th sense 
31 "The _ Cometh" 
35 Fine proof? 
36 Four pence, in centuries past 
38 Vacuous 
39 Baseball hose! 
42 Of the kidneys 
43 Down-and-out 
44 Tex. campus 
45 Language of Lebanon 
47 Ki ki or Ruby 
46 Florida islands 
49 College grad 
51 Hot tub 
53 Fruit pie 
56 Sports site 
62 legendary jockey 
64 Author Wiesel 
65 Burpee buy 
66 Sports group 
67 Wi mer transport 
68 Exchange 
69 Catch sight of 

DOWN 
I Week pam 
2 Redolence 
3 Tight 
4 Became constricted 
5 Compete 
6 Word! of undemanding 
7 Gosh daml 
8 Bridge positions 
9 Couple with sixteen arms! 
10 Syndletic rubber component 
11 london subway 
12 Depraved 
13 Time and NeWsweek, briefly 
18 UF rival 
19 Murkiness 

. overtime). Duties include typing filing, 
word processing, occasional bookkeeping, 
assistance at court, good grammar and 
punctuation skills, knowledge of Microsoft 
Office, good handwriting and the ability 
to stand for long periods of time. Requires 
the ability to drive a van with an automat-
Ic transmission. Must have good driving 
record. Candidates must pass a grammar, 
spelling, punctuation and typing test plus 
a background check. Please ~nd resume 
to: Human Resources, DLA Piper US LLP, 401 
B. Street, Suite '1700, San Diego. CA 92101 
or email tomaureen.walker@<:llaplper.com 
(10/26) 

Plaza Research, a national marketing 
research company is hiring FT/PT PHONE 
SURVEYERS& CLIENT HOSTS. $9-S10lhr, NO 
SALES. 858-200-3000, UTeJLa Jolla. (lO/S) 

Art gallery assistant to pack, deliver, hang 
art and gallery maintenance. Clean driving 
record, able to lift, carry 50lbs. 20-25 hours, 
S8.50/hr. 858-551 -7071. (10/5) 

UCSD staff member looking for student to 
help with driving 10 year old son to rehears-
als at the Old Globe several times a week. 
Responsibilities would include picking son 
up at school at 12:30 weekdays and getting 
him to the Old Globe by 1:00 pm. iotal time 
involved would be approximately 1 hour 
and a half. $20 per day for small oimount of 
work. Must be friendly and responsible and 
have a reliable car. Please call (858) 220-
1303. Starts late October. (10/ 12) 

After school care for two great boys ages 
11 -13. Homework and driving help needed, 

SonyVAIOVGN-SZl4OP1313.3" (KI7691) 
1.83 Ghz Cone Duo Reg.S1749 

Blowout Price $1,3" 
Free computer carrying case with poo:hase 

(Valued at $29.99) 

Lenovo ]hinkpadT60 ,.,. (2007{)3U) 
2.OGHz Core Duo was $1999 

Blowout Price $1,'" 
Supplies limited to stock on hand. 

UCSD IIoobtoN Computer c_ 
(lSI) 534-4l91 
hrtp:l~.uesd.edul,ompul<rs/ 

UCSD Bookstore 
COmputer Center 

Apple Mac Book 
Special 

MocBoolc 13.3" (MAlS4UJA) Re!J.S1049 
I .83Ghz Intel (en Duo UCSD Prier. $'" 

MocBooI< 13.1" (MAlSSllJ,&,) Re!J.Sl199 
2.0 Ghz Intel Core Duo UCSD Prier. $1,ot11 

MocBooI< 13.3"(MM72llJ,&,J Re!J.S1399 
2.0Ghzlntel<;,enDuo UCSDPrier.$I,Z!19 

,&,ppIoCare Three-'lear Protection Plan tor 
MacBook computers (M88S2UJB) $1D 

Purm- any stock MocBooi< with~. 
r«eM! a FREE InCa .. tote.nd ~ .. K. adiplrr 

(Quant~ies imaed to stock 00 hand) 

~ UCSD BooIut .... eo..pvter C-
• (lSI) 5J4-4291 

hltp:llbook,rore.ue,d.edulcomputml 

Close to all 3/1 (lairemont home on cui de 
sac. Open, airy w/skylights. Private back-
yard. $399,900-S450,OOOTricia, Agent, 8SB-
229-6889. (10/2) 

CROSSWORD 

23 Composer Alban 
25 Pelvic bones 
26 Theater gUide 
27 Porcelain plates 
29 Anon 
30 Manhandled 
32 Billiards slroke 
33 Social imtlbility: var. 
34 Link 
36 Galileo's last name 
37 "How do I love _'" " 
40 Conspi red 
41 Ma rch middle 
46 Cuddly to the max 
48 Martial art 

50 Microwave generator 
52 Shriver of tennis 
53 Leaves breathless 
S4 Tablet 
S5 Ballet bend 
S6 Ostrichlike bird 
57 Skater Eldredge 
59 _ out (just marlill!'5) 
60 Lowl!5t high dde 
61 Fighting force 
63 Compass pc. 

Find crossword 6r solutions at 
www.uc:sdglUlrdian.org/crossword J 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

0nftIng 1liiie NEW din -. Never used. 
. Only $175. 81ack legs, white melamine top. 
12" x 30" (cost $395). Perfect condition. 8SB-
679-8260 (10/5) 

WANTED 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED! 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
.body disposes monthly 

a.Ea\TIOI $8,000 
CaIiReprodldiJe SoIItiou 

now 111-132-14" 
Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, or 
Korean descent. age 21-26, call 858-552-
8585 x5590. (11/30) 

ALL majors needed to GET INVOLVED in 
10 community projects, solving techni-
cal needs for non-profits with Teams in 
Engineering Service, http://ties.ucsd.edu. 
(lOIS) 

SERVICES 

AI., &lui ..... 
....., .................... 

• 5 Piece Drum KJt • Beas ,,",p 
HiIII1 Hat. Craah & Ride 

• 2 Gullllr HIIII _ • PA, ..... 
_ .. Net .......... 1-. CUIee .. .,..,.....,... 

--------
----

77U ____ A· __ 

c.tIl_'....u ... -.... 
_JI £ AI 1."_ 

Get a tOUlI body/mind workout with 
AoInagll<aratel Tuesdays & Thursdays, 7-8 
pm, ucso Ret Gym, Starting Oct 3. (10/5) 

TENNIS AT NOON. Certified Pro can work 
with you or your group at the Muir Courts. 
Call 619 787-~5. (10/30) 

Pregnant or know someone who is7 You 
don't have to be alone. We want to help. 
Call our 24 hour confidential hodlne at 1-
BOO-NO-ABORT or visit our website www. 
lifecall.org. (11/30) 

Tangent Entertainment Recording Studio. 
$25 per hr! 5tudlo open 24 hoI.n a day for 
recording. Call Jeremy.~ngentent 
com (8SS) B66-G550 (1012) 

Yoga at the Bay, outdoor yoga dasses, 
$5/class. Reduce stress, increase flexibility, 
calm mind before exams. _.yogaatthe-
bay.com, ¥via (858)380-7507. (lonl 

AN ,.... ..,... .. heId.cItes, IIICk pIiII 
« bIdt ... fnIIII • IpDrtI IIIJurJ or .... 
....... frant 01 lite co.tpUIerf We can 
help! Call 858-558-3111 for I no charge 
chlrojnctlc consultation. _Jajollaadc. 
corn (10119) 

PERSONALS 
GUAIIOIAN MOV1E TIIMA. jennifer was fint 
to naH the quote from Me, Myself & Irene. 
50 here Is her offering. Be the first to email 

mfoul~.edu and ~ become Quote 
Master for next week. Here you go, good 
lucie "Who you 90001 trust huh? You trust 
me. You know why? Because rm truSlwor-
thy~(1on) 

AnN Hell: Two Catholic priests In Mllmi 
have been ICcused of stHIlrig $8 mliion 
from their church funds, Including the 
Sunday mass collection pIIte. They spent 
it on travel, glRlbIIng. In cains, real estate 
and even "glrlfrtends" during • four-year 
period. (1012) 

The SIn DIego ChIrgers hive completed 
their tryout for the Cincinnati Bengals. 
(1012) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN CLASSIFIEDS 17 

UDliDJifed Rides 
fer eDlye ceDis a day! 

ChIck oul sdcommule.com 10 see how lasy II Is, 
Ind by .... n •• Un.,.rslty City LOOIl Route 48149. 

Smart Move. Very Smart. 

Try 2 NEW, 
dellclouslv good for vou 

sandwie_es IrQ_ 

. ............ . 

Whole Wheat 
Jala IV 0 

Pi&let 
Signature Gardenburger riblet, 
with creamy Jalapeiio Mayo, . 

Roasted Veggies & Pepper Jack 
cheese on a whole wheat roll. 

lXPIHfS 11111 (lh 

$1.00 
[JO rJOl [)lIlHll f t:()LJl'nr~ 

.1' 
IIldllle. IIII 
..J ..... 

Signature Gardenburger patti, 
Jamaican Jerk Sauce, roasted 

Red Peppers & Cheddar 
Cheese on a soft pretzel roll. 

TIl". I •• 1 •• 1. __ .. 
' ••• 11 •• "-

5 

. ' 



18 SPORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

UCSD Faces 
Test Against 
No.3 UCLA 

Ipjuries Hamper Rusty Tritons at ITA Regionals 

• WATER POLO, from page 20 
one PIISt the keeper at the 3:49 mark to 
trim the lead 10 just one. With just 1 :22 
left in the game, Lackey scored both 
the tying and winning goals for the 
Trilo ns in a span of 22 seconds. 

"They're not that great, but we let 
them back in the game; Randall said. 
"We realized that we needed Ihe win so 
we found a way to get four goals." 

Even though Long Beach almost 
hung in for the upsel, the 4gers' loss 
drops their season record to 1-5. 

UCSD will return home for a dif-
ficult game against No. 3 UCLA on 
Oct. 6. 

• TENNIS, from page 20 
players and lack of team practice time 
hindered the Tritons. 

"Since we just started school and 
'only had three days of practice, 1 think 
the team performed weu; LaPlante 
said. "Retwning number-one player 

. Marsha Malinow had a bad foot inju-
ry and played, but couldn't play to her 
potential." 

Malinow, seeded third in the 
singles tournament, was eliminated 
early in the second round by new-
comer Krishana De Silva of Cal State 
Los Angeles, 6-4, 6-2. The injured 
Malinow also lost her doubles match 
with sophomore Ina Dan to fellow 
teammates Legakis and Knudsen in 
the semifinals, 8-5. 

Dan, the 2006 California CoUegiate 
Athletics Associalion Freshman of the 

Year, advanced to the third round in 
her first-ever appearance in this tow-
nament with wins over Elena Park 
from Cal State Los AngcIes in the 
first round. 6-1, 6-3. and Mallory 
Brady of Cal State Pomona in the 
second round, 7-6, 6 - 1. Dan, recover-
ing from a wrist injury she suffered in 
last season's loss to the University of 
Hawaii-Hilo in the second round of 
the NCAA Division II tournament, 

. eventually lost in a competitive third-
round match to top Cal Poly Pomona 
junior Jenny Tsai, 5-7, 6-4, 7-5. 

"I thought I played welL and I 
was happy with my performance; 
Dan said. "Corning off of an injury I 
sustained at Hilo last season ... I think 
I'm at a pretty good place considering 
how long we have until the season 
actually starts:' 

r-----------
BRENDAAnAMS: D01l1;'IO'S Dclh'crs to LICSD! 

I GUARDIAN SPECIAL 
13MEDIUMs 00 
I I-topping 15 

PIZZAS PLUS TAX 

L 

Exp. 12/31/06 
GOOd on Hand Tossed end Thin Crust. Deep Dish $1 Extra. $1 .99 Delivery Charge. 

Clla,...., far yolce orders 
only please 

Order ONUNE at www.DomlnosSonD/ero.com 

USC School of Theatre 

oJ 

at ALEX'S SALON : 

50 
OFF* 

... u . 
ulurcut, reg. $40 

... Up do or Makeup, reg. 545 
*Coloror Foil HiLites, rq.S8s 

and"" 

, 

, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 

"I, .".1., ••• ,. , 
c •• ,. • ..,11,,11111, •• 1. III,. 

., 
8915 Towne Center Drive 

San Diego, CA 92122 : 
L. __ ISI.!.2.!.41S!. __ , 

• 

the USC School of Cinema-Television, the MFADW offers a mentor-based, 
practicing literary arts curriculum within an elite research university. 

The Tritons are coming off of a 
third-straight CCAA title and retwn 
all but two players from last season's 
championship team; ilowewr, LaPlante 
acknowledges that the team will have 
to improve if it wants its perfect 30-0 
record in 1eague play from the last 
three seasons to remain intact. 

"There is always room for 
improvement," LaPlante said "But 
all the girls retwning have great 
experience from last year. Now we 
have to get back in shape and get 
back in the competitive mode so 
we're ready for conference. All three 
teams, Cal Poly Pomona, Cal State 
ILos AngelesJ and Sonoma State 
have quite a few new good players, 
so I think the conference will be 
much more competitive. 

Last weekend's tournament went 

a long way in showing what improve-
ments the team, needs to make, 
namely replacing its No. 1 doubles 
team, before entering conference 
play at home against Cal State Los 
Angeles Feb. 10. 

"As a team, we rea1ly need to work 
on putting together good doubles 
teams, and working out any kinks 
in ow games." Dan said. "It is just a 
matter of practice and playing a lot 
of matches." 

The team wiU get a chance to 
work out some of the kinks when it 
retwns to action at the UC Irvine 
Invitational from Oct. 28-29, when it 
will face Division-I competitors. "I'm 
really looking forward to this season; 
Dan said. "Ow team seems to be 
working really weU together already, 
and things can only get better." 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS WITH 10 
WALK-INS WELCOME 

KiMm&-
I $5 -, OFF 
I 

UTe 
University Towne Centre 

(858) 4SS-G420 

ANVHAIRCUT 

REE 
HAIRCUT with any 
CHEMICAL SERVICE 
SIUMn! discount with 10. Exp. 10120106 

ROCCO 'S NAILS 158-202-0426 
Fills ..... _ ................................ _ .................... .. $15 
Manicure & Pedicure _ ........................... $23 
Full Set (pink & white) ........................... $25 
Spa Pedicure ............................................ $65 

ORIENTATION SESSION 
Meet the distinguished faculty of working 
playwrights and screenwriters. 

~ October 13, 2001, ... p.1ft. 
o.vtdIon eonr..a c..- USC c:.npua • 
....... lISVPto(2U) a~ 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Bailey and Koche Team Up for 27· Kills 
• VOllEYBALL, from page 20 
Tritons within one at 5-4. Sonoma 
State held onto the lead 11 -10 
before UCSD used back-to-back 
kills by Courtney to lake a solid 
20- 15 advantage. The team then 
cruised to a 30-22 win. 

The Tritons looked back to old 
form in game three, taking a quick 
7-3 lead. Coming out of a Seawolf 
timeout. the ladies went on a 7 -3 
scoring run using kills by Bailey, 
Schmidl and Koche to open up a 
19- \0 advantage. 

Gary had the game-ending kill , 
giving UCSD a score of 30-23 and 
the match in game Ihree. 

The duo of captains, Courtney 
and Koche, recorded a doubl e-dou-
ble each. Courtney fired 14 kills 
and 10 digs while Koelle added 10 
kills and 12 digs 10 help lead the 
Tritons. 

"Nicole and Brianna really com-
plement one another's slrength ; 
Black said. "They are the leaders 
on the courl and the backbone to 
this leam." 

Humboldt State proved no con-
tesl for the ladies as they disposed 
of the Lumberjacks 30-2 1. 30-18, 
30-23 on ept. 30. 

ARASH KESHMIRIANICU.lRD/.lN 
Senior outside hitter Nicole Courtney's intensity has helprofuel the Tritons in their five-
game win streak and B-2 California Collegiate Athletic Association season recaNI. 

In game one, the ladies jumped 
out to a 9-3 start. Senior setter 
Kristin Halvorsen served two aces, 
giving the Tritons an 11 -3 advan-
tage. Following the second timeoul 
called by Humboldt State. UCSD 
recorded two blocks to take a com-
manding 25 -14 lead. 

Schmidt's kill ended the game 
and the ladies claimed the opening 
game 30-21. 

The Tritons didn't let up in game 
two,. taking an 11 -2 lead before the 
Lumberjacks spent their first time-
out. 

UCSD then went on a 5-0 run 
to stretch the margin to 22 -10 on a 
Koche kill before taking the game 
30- 18 on a Humboldt State hilling 

error. 

The ladies struggled to t1nish 
game three despite opening a 9-
4 lead on a block by Halvorsen 
and sophomore middle blocker 
Hannah Gary. 

The Lumberjacks fought back 
and gOI Ihe deficit 10 Iwo at 10-8 
and 11 -9 before Courtney scored 
back-to-back aces, pushing the 
Tritons' advantage 10 five points at 
a score of 14-9. 

Bailey explained the reason 
behind the Tritons' slow start in the 
third game. 

. "One of the hardest things in 
volleyball is trying to win a third 
straight game; Bailey said. "The' 
team on the other side knows that 
it's win or go home:" 

UCSD extended its lead to eight 
before Humboldt State battled back 

SPECIAL 
EGG DONOR 

NEEDED 

again to 26-22. Bailey tallied the 
Tritons' last two points to give the 
ladies the 30-23 victory. 

Bailey had an outstanding night, 
recording a team high of 16 kills. 
Koche added 11 kills, five digs and 
three blocks, while junior libero 
Nalalie Facchini dug up an equally 
impressive 15 balls. 

"I've been in a slump where I've 
been really cautious with the ball:' 
Bailey said. "I mel with the coaches 
and they told me- to have confi -
dence and play how I know how to 
play. We had great passing and awe-
some setting, so it was an all-around 
effort:' 

The Tritons will attempt to 
continue their "winning streak Oct. 
6 against Cal State Bakersfield in 
RlMAC Arena. The match starts at 
7p.m. 

PTeferred Donor will meet the follOwing criteria: 

Height ApprOximately 5'9 or Taller 

SPORTS 19 

Women's Soccer Outshoots 
Seawolves 22-6 in Win 

• SOCCER, from page 20 
Alise Malley said. "But once we 
consolidate at hal ftime and discuss 
what needs to be done, our leam has 
a better understanding of individual 
roles and what needs to be done to 
win ." 

The first goal came during the 56th 
minute of the game, and was brought 
home by senior midfielder Megan 
Dickey, who took a cross pass from 
her fellow junior midflelder Lauren 
Segars. 

Junior mid-
fielder Caitlin 

is much more of a mental game than 
people think." 
. It was the last 10 minutes of the 

game that propelled the cheers of the 
Triton fans as UCSD slammed in three 
goals on Sonoma. 

Senior midfielder Heather Sugg 
earned her first goal of the season 
and ended the tie against Sonoma. 
She made a flawless back post run 
and a quick turn 10 accept a strong 
pass from jun ior defender tacy 

. Johnson, which sailed over very anx-
. ious onoma 

heads huddled 
Ryan tipped the 
ball off to Segars, 
who took a run-
ning streak down 
the righl sideline, 
edging out com-
petition along the 
way, as the Tritons 

SOccer is much more 
of a mental game than 

people think:' 

near the goal. 
The ball took a 
fall next to Sugg, 
who slid and 
volleyed the ball 
into the back of 
the net. 

- Alise Malley, The second 
Senior Forward goal secured stayed very aggres-

sive throughout Ihe 
game, before Segars 

_______ the learn's lead , 

delivered the ball to Triton feet 10 bring 
the score 10 1-0. 

"Wive worked a lot on free kicks 
and crossing during practice:' Segars 
said, crediting the beaulifully set play 
to all the preparation her team has 
been doing in practices, which has 
been paying off when it counts most. 

Unlike the Cal Slate Los Angeles 
game, however, sophomore goalkeep-
er Jessica McGovern could not keep 
Sonoma State scoreless as it tied up 
the game IO minutes after its net was 
violated by Dickey with a goal from the 
low side, 10 yards out. 

Malley explained how her team did 
not allow Sonoma to boggle down its 
momentum for the win. 

"I feel like our persistency and win-
ning so/so balls is what eventually 
broke them down; Malley said. "After 
Heather Suggs goal, our team got such 
a rush and theirs just fell apart. Soccer 

which would not 
be disturbed for the remainder of the 
game. 

Junior forward Kathy epulveda 
kept the battle in full force by bring-
ing out an amazing third goal on a 
header that sent the Triton crowd to its 
feet and screanljng with shock at the 
very quick and seemingly easy goal. 
Sophomore fo rward Natasha Belak-
Berger's pass met Sepulveda's head for 
the magnificent touch . 

The adrenaline rush continued for 
crowd and players, as the Trilons lefl 
no doubt as to which was the better 
team. They demoralized Sonoma with 
a fourth and final blow in the 84th 
minule, as Segars followed through 
with another dear cross from Belak-
Berger from three yards out. 

"Sonoma played the best they knew 
how to play, and we stiU found ways to 
beat them; Segars said. "ThaI is what 
feels so good," 

Causasian 

S.A.T. Score Around 1275 or High A.c.T. 

College Student or Graduate Under 30 

Mount St. Mary's graduate programs in Counseling Psych~logy, 
Education, Humanities, Physical Therapy, Religious Studies and 
Nursing are designed for working adults who want to pursue 
fulfilling careers. 

Athletic 

No Genetic Medical Issues 

COMPENSATION $80,000 
Paid to you and/or the charity of your choice 

All related expenses will be paid in addition to your compensation 

(Extra compensation available for someone who might be 
especially gifted in athletiCS, scier:tcelmathematics or music) 

For more information or to obtain an application please contact 
Michelle at the Law Offices (866) 330-6036 or email 

Donorinfo@pacbell.net 

·This ad Is bdng plattd for a panicular diem and Is IIOl !IOlidtlng eggs for a donor bank. 

Mount St. Mary's has been preparing students to make a 
difference for more than 75 years. U.S. News and World Report 
ranks us among the finest universities in the West. 

Doctor of Physical Therapy 
M.S. Counseling Psychology 

• Marriage and Family Therapy 
• Community and Interpersonal Relations 

M.S. Education 
• Single 6- Multiple Subject Credential 
• Special Educlltion Credential 

M.A. Humanities 
M.S. Nursing 
M.A. Religious Studies 

, t r,· 1·, I~ (I .1 ~ ,1' /f '()"." < ! \\,\ ... ~ '1"TlI I J" j 
~ 11, I t l 1)()oll oj yO!! IJlI "1 f,)lt{ (;1(1(1 ('II tnlf ,,,V, d, t .. d .. :y Octc,b, f 18 



20 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Danai Leininger 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

THE*GuARDIAN 

SPORTS 
MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2006 

\ 

• 

HOT CORNER 

Jesse Casellini 
Men's Water Polo 

The senior utility netted five of nine 
goals in the win over Long Beach 

Slate on Sept. 30, contributing 24 
goals and 15 assists on the season . 

Tritons Sweep for Fifth-Straight Victory BYU-Hawaii 
Outshines 
Women's 

Tennis Squad 

By Mati Crow ky 
STAFF WRITER 

After a week of re t, the No. 
13 UCSD women's volleyball team 
st retched its winning streak to five 
with victories over onoma tate and 
Humboldt State in the first two games 
f its four-game homestand. 

With the win, the Tritons 
improved to 13-2 overall with an 
~ 2 California Collegiate Athletic 
. \s ociation record. 

"We seem like we had our confi-
dence back coming into this week-
end;' head coach Tom Black said. 
"Our top players reaJly started taking 
hard swings at the ball and that was 
hood to see:' 

In the opel)er of the four-game 
nmestand on Sept. 29, UCSD han-
.cd Sonoma State ea ily, 30-25, 30-

22, 30-23. 
enior middle blocker Brianna 

, >che opened game one with a kill to 
, ke the early advantage. '[he Tritons 

, oked rusty after their week off as 
t:y fell behind the eawolves 17-16. 

Coming out of a Triton timeout, 
, homore outside hitter Rebecca 
.. iley and freshman middle blocker 
. Ivia Schmidt teamed up to get a big 

block and tied the game up at 17. 
Sonoma tate and UCSD 

exchanged points before the Tritons 
were able to break it open. The 
team took its first three-point lead 
of the match with kills by senior 
outs ide hitter Nicole Courtney and 
Bailey. Junior opposite Amber Ries 
rang up consecutive kills, giving the 
Tritons a 29-24 lead, finally ending 
the game 30-25. 

The Tritons had difficulties 
closing out the match, missing the 
game-point serve - one of 14 ser-
vice errors in the match. 

"We've had some trouble with 
our serving and that's where you 
score your points;' Bailey said . 
"We've been getting the sideouts but 
can't capitalize." 

In game two, freshman setter 
Elaine Chen served an ace to get the 

[ VOLLEYBALL, page .19 ) 
ARASH KESHMIRIAN/GUARDIAN 

Junior setter Kim Adams elevates for one of her 14 assists in a win over the Humbolt State LumberjacJcs on Sept. 30. The dominant 
performance was the second of two sweeps for the Tritons on the weekend, the first over Sonoma State. 

By Eric Grimwade 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

The UCSD women's tennis 
team kicked off the year by host-
ing the ITA Small College West 
Regional Championships Sept. 28-30. 
Unfortunately for the Tritons, their 
tournament opener was overshadowed 
by nagging injuries and the superb play 
of Brigham Young University-Hawaii 
senior Julia Ustyuzhanina and sopho-
more Ramona Husaro. 

"It was a great tournament with 
some very good competition;' UCSD 
coach Liz LaPlante said. "The BYU-
Hawaii girls are definitely much bet-
ter than everyone else, but the other 
matches were very competitive." 

The BYU-Hawaii duo' of 
Ustyuzhanina and Husaro dominated 
the tournament, easily claiming the 
doubles title by shutting out UCSD 
seniors Alison Legakis and Christy 
Knudsen in the final round, 8-0. 

Ustyuzhanina and Husaro aiso 
finished first and second, respective-
ly, in the singles championship with 
Ukrainian-born Ustyuzhanina beat-
ing her Romanian-born teammate for 
the tournament championship. BYU-
Hawaii, which boasts six international 
players, won last year's Division II 
national championship and has won 
six championships in the last eight 
years under the guidance of head coach 
David Porter. 

Although the BYU-Hawaii duo 
bested the UCSD players, the tourna-
ment allowed the Tritons an opportu-
nity to face top-rate competition after 
losing seniors Kristin Bronowicki and 
Katie McKee, last year's top doubles 
team, both of whom decided to gradu-
ate early. 

In addition to losing Bronowicki 
and McKee, injuries to two of their top 

[TENNIS, page 18) 

Fourth-Quarter Surges 
Propel Men's Water Polo 

UCSD Stomps Seawolves in Rout 
The Tritons deal 
Sonoma State an 
embarrassing loss, 
scoring four-straight 
second-half goals. 

By Paul Choi 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

With the highest national ranking 
in school history, the No. 4 UCSD 
men's water polo team found ways 
to win two tough games on the road 
against 15th-ranked Cal State Long 
Beach and No. 9 UC Santa Barbara, 
improving its record to 14-2. 

The match . against UC Santa 
Barbara turned out to be one of the 
most difficult games this season due 
in part to unusual pool dimensions. 
One side of the pool was considerably 
hallower than the other - different 

than Canyonview Pool. 
"They're used to playing that way 

but it totally threw us off,' senior goal-
keeper Jeremy Randall said. "We were 
thrown off fo~ the first three quarters 
but turned it on in the fourth quarter 
and got it done." 

The Gauchos got on the board 
first, but the two teams went back and 
forth all game long. After a 3-3 first 
quarter, the Tritons were able to take 
the lead on a penalty shot scored by 
senior utility Jesse Casellini and after 
trading goals, UCSD led 6-5 going into 
halftime. 

The Tritons added another point 
to their lead only to have UC Santa 
Barbara score twice in the third period 
to tie the game at 7-7. The intensity 
flared in the fourth quarter as the two 
teams continued to battle. After two 

goals by each team, senior two meter 
Ty Lackey's score at the 2 minute, 
18 second mark would be the dif-
ference. CaselJinj added an insurance 
goal for safe measure and the two led 
the Tritons to the win with four goals 
apiece. 

Long Beach State also refused to let 
the Tritons get away with an easy win, 
and slid behind UCSD by a close one-
point margin. 

Arriving just 45 minutes before 
the game on Sept. 30, UCSD defeat-
ed the 4gers in a 9-8 comeback win. 
Long Beach took advantage of the 
tired Tritons and led 3-1 in the first 
quarter. But a 3-0 scoring advantage in 
the second quarter gave the Tritons the 
lead going into halftime with the help 
of key saves by Randall, who had eight 
for the night. 

"We were a bit worn out from the 
road trip, because we had a tough 
game against [UC Santa Barbara) the 
night before:' Randall said. 

The 4gers made the most of their 
opportunities by scoring twice with a 
man advantage and eventually leading 
7-5 going into the fourth quarter on a 
breakaway goal by junior attacker Nick 
Korsgaden. 

After exchanging goals to start the 
fourth period, UCSD trailed with less 
than five minutes to play. Casellini, 
who led the team with five goals, put 

[ WATER POLO, pese18] 

By Nicky Buchanan 
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

A trend began as the Tritons con-
tinued to toy with the emotions of 
their fans packed in the RIMAC Field 
bleachers on Sept. 29 with four sec-
ond-half goals to come away with a 
win on Sonoma State, just as they did 
in their match against Cal State Los 
Angeles. 

Cal State Los Angeles gave over 
its No. 1 spot in the South Division 
of California Collegiate Athletic 
Association standings, and Sonoma 
was also forced out of its position of 
No. 1 in the North Division due to its 
4-1 loss to the Tritons, who now have 
a view from the top, along with Chico 
State, which re~ tied with them 
in CCAA points. 

When the pressure is on and the 
clock is ticking, something magical 
seems to take place in Triton play, 
and the second half is when that 
magic comes alive. 

"We always seem to take things 
down to the wire; there's a better 
sense of urgency during the second 
half than the first; 5eltior forward 

[ SOCQR, pap 19) 
• . "RASH KESiHM"RI,'N/GU.Allt)/AN 

SopItomort ~ AmIJJIdg &quiveI wasftrst on tile anelO hlp 7Wfoft control t1"" 
ball, ooming out vicforiour OWl' No. 2 Sonoma State in a highIJI antidpafld battle. 


