
16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Ddnai LdIIlJIgu 
sports@ucsdglum/illn.org 

Green 
Team Finds 
Success on 

Water 
Campus' fledgling 
dragon boat team 
notches a second-place 
finish in its first race of 
the season. 

By..Janani Sridharan 
STAFF WRITER 

Although many people on campus 
may be unaware of its existence, the 
UCSD dragon boat tearn is growing in 
size and enjoying success on the water. 

The team was started three years 
ago by senior Sasanna Yee, a current 
member of the UCSD team. 

"Three "years ago, it was just a 
few friends," Yee said. "We only had 
enough people for one boat, about 
20 people. Last year, we had enough 
people for two boats." 

Dragon boat consists of a long boat 
with 18 to 20 paddlers, a drummer in 
the front to keep the beat and a steers-
man in the back. The team borrows 
its boats from a San Diego adult team, 
while each member has his or her own 
paddles. 

The team currently uses two boats 
to field two teams in races, but a third 
boat is available for use as weD. 

"We could have three possible 
boats with 60 people," Yee said. "It's 
pretty hard to recruit that many peo-
ple, though:' 

Even though there are not enough 
members to fiJI three boats yet, the 
team is growing each year, as dragon 
boat itself is emerging as a sport at col-
leges in California. . 

"A lot of my friends started teams 
at the coUeges they went to, like UC 
Irvine, UCLA and [Ue] Berkeley," 
UCSD dragon boat president Bailey 
Zhao said. 

Zhao and Yee both graduated from 
LoweU High School in San Francisco, a 
hotbed for high school dragon boaters. 
" [Dragon boat] is so big in the [San 
Francisco I Bay area," Yee said. "The 
high schools are more competitive 
than the coUege or adult teams:' 

Being a new team playing a rela-
tively unknown sport can be tough, 
and the team has its share of struggles. 

"The hard thing about coUege is a 
lot of people don't have experience," 
Zhao said. "There are a lot of new pe0-
ple that we have to teach technique to, 
and most people take a while to learn. 
Some people get it reaDy fast though:' 

Another problem that the tearn 
faces is lack of commitment, according 
to Zhao. The team generally practices 
twice a week with more practices in the 
weeks leading up to a race and fewer 
du ring the winter. 

"In coUege, students care more 
about school than the actual sport," he 
said. "The hard part is getting people 
to come out for practice." 

The team practices last about two 
hours at Fiesta Island in Mission Bay, 
and focuses on perfecting basic form 
and technique. The team also works 
on endurance to build strength for 
its race. In the weeks leading up to 
the races, the team practices sprints 
as weu. 

Races are usuaUy 500-meter sprints 
that take less than three minutes to fin-
ish. Most of the races take place in the 
[San Francisco J Bay area, and about 
four boats race at a time. 

The UCSD team had its first race 
of the season against 11 other teams at 
Lake Merced in San Francisco on Nov. 
11 . The A team took second place in 
the A division whi1e the B team took 

[ DRAGON IOAT, p. 14 I 

Tritons' Seas(J 
By Nicky Budlanll1l 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

The "mile high" altitude of 
Denver and the meeting of two 
of the top teams in the nation 
resulted in the second and last loss 
of the season for the No. 3 UCSD 
women's soccer team as it feU 0-2 
to Metro State CoUege of Denver 
while competing in the NCAA 
Division II Quarterfmals. 

With its previous and only loss 
being to Chico State back on Sept. 
17, the fresh wound of a defeat was 
not easy for the team to handle. 

"It was horrible to lose, and we 
don't have a lot of experience with 
it," junior forward Kathy Sepulveda 
said. "But what was even more ter-
rible was to see the faces of the 
seniors when they realized it was 
all over:' 

The Roadrunners had the clear 
advantage from the start with 
the cold weather, the home field, 
the crowd and the altitude. The 
idea of a road game also seemed 
slightly foreign to the Tritons, who 
played their previous four matches 
on home turf at RIMAC Soccer 
Stadium. 

"We don't like to make excus-
es," junior midfielder Ali Lai said. 
"But the altitude played a huge role 
in the loss because our girls could 
literally not breathe." 

Junior defender Nicole Pepper, 
who suffers from sports-induced 
asthma, also testified to the major 
negative effect of the air condi-
tions. 

"I know if we had played our 
game at a different location we 
most likely would have beaten 
them,· Pepper said. 

Water Polo 

By Paul Choi 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

This is a totally new team. 
Last year's UCSD men's water 

polo team was a well -oiled 
machine ready to take on the 
Western Water Polo Association. 
With 11 seniors on the team, lead-
ership was abundant and losses 
were few, as the team finished the 
season with a 22-7 regular season 
record. 

This year, not much was 
expected out of the TrItons, who 
received only one tint-place vote 
in the pre.euon WWPA poll. But 
for lOme reuon, this team just 
elich. 

·It'. crazy how well this team 

Aside fro 
tors, one fa 
Roadrunne 
vided an ev 
tion for the 

"They 
team we pi 
more for~ 
Berger sai 
we've playe 
played thei r 
to adapting 

The flrs 
goal came ' 
playoff of 
kick, which 
Triton defe 

"Theyh 
that caused 
in our defe 
sophomore 
McGovern s 

"Weexpl 
and with t 
the game 
go accordi 
said. "But t 
goal really I:l 

Though 
tum was a 
remainder 
managed to 
their usual 
ing spirit t( 
7 shooting 

Roadrunne~ 

er, swarmin 
posed a thr 
5-foot -8-in 
ZoUner gua 
UCSD mos 

week long .vents 

Major Sponsors 

UCSD Ov. 1 )-17, 2 006 
I NTERNA.Ti 0 NA.L 
EDUcA.TION WEEK 

o-lOam Study Abroad: Political Science @ Social Sciences )) S-7pm Lecture and : U.S. Diplomacy and the 
Building (SSB) Room 104 Challenge of Political Change In latin America @ Weaver 
sb: UCSD Political Science Department and Programs Abroad Office. Center, Institute of the Americas « 
I 0: 3 Oam-I 2: 3 Opm Education In the Arab World vs. sb: Institute of the Americas and the American Academy of Diplomacy of Washington D.C. 
Education In the US @ Intematlonal Center Lounge Discussion with fanner ambassadors to Bolivia. Chile. Colombia. VffiezueIa. and Mexico, among omers. 
sb.Arabic lAnguage Program. 6-8pm Film Screening: Chasing Freedom @ International 

Center Dceanlds Pavilion • Free • sb: SUrviVOrs ofTorture. 2-Jpm Programs Abroad Information Session 
@ Intematlonal Center Lounge 
sb. Programs Abroad Office 
3-4pm Financial Aid for Programs Abroad @ 
International Center Lounge 
sb: Programs Abroad Office 

I I am-8pm Peruvian Cuisine @ Oceanvlew Terrace 
(Thurgood Marshall) • Prices vary 

---

I 0-1 I am Study Abroad: Linguistics @ Applied Physics & 
Mathematics Building, Room 430 I 
sb: Programs Abroad Office 

I I am-I 2 Noon Study Abroad: Visual Arts @ Mandeville 
Auditorium, Room 106 
sb: Programs Abroad Office 
IOam-2:JOpm Presentation on the Middle East 
@ International Center Lounge 
sb: LlP/LJngulstlcs - ArabiC 

11:JOpm-1 :JOpm Graduate Study In International 
Affairs @ Career Services Center sb: Career Services Center 

» I I ~2pm Intematlonal festIval @ Ubrary walk « 
sb: UCSD students and lEW Organizing Committee 
Join UCSD students from all over the globe as they celebrate their cultures in 
displays, music. dance. food and more! 

I I am-2pm Art Miles Mural Project @ East L.awnIPI'1Ce Center 
sb' SOLO and United Naoons Student Alliance 
Express yourself by painting on our UCSD contnbutlon to the Art Miles Mural Project This 
prolect serves to 'create global harmony' by jO'nlng people In over 100 countries for the 
purpose of peace and understanding throughout the world. 

I I am-2pm Walk A Mile In Art Miles' Shoes for Hope @ 
East lawn/Price Center sb: SOLO and United Nations Student AllIance 
Pamt and pe~nallze a pair of canvas shoes to be donated to children ,n Afnca! 
II am-I pm nolton Mini International Job Fair @ Career 
Services Center Plaza sb: Career Services Center 
International career opportunllleS abound in thrs global ec~ Students fi'om all mljOJ'S are 
encouraged to meet with ~ and learn about opportuntbes in the exciting Intematlonal arena. 
I I am-8pm Filipino Cuisine @ Plaza Cafe • Prices Vary 

10-1 I :JOam Teaching English as a Foreign Language 
@ International Center Conference Room 
sb: UCSD Extension English Language Institute 
Leam about the benefrts and challenges of teaching English In another country from teachers 
and students who have been there! 
11-1 :30pm Middle Eastem Cuisine @ Intematlonal 
Center Patio • PrIces vary • sb: LLPlLingUistics - ArabIc. 
11-1 pm IGCC Grant Workshop @ ERC Administration 
Building I I S sb: IlCAS 
IGeC pl"CMdes $SOOk annually In fellowships. faculty grants. and Washington DC Intemship 
support To attend IGeC's fellowshp & ~ workshop. RSVP to "cas~edu by 
NC1>'ember 13. 2006. 

)) 11:30-1 :lOpm UN-doIng: Global Politics and UN Reform 
with Hans COrell @ Price Center, DavIsIRIvenIde Room « 
sb:Student Legal SeMes 
Arroassador Hans Corell. former United Nations Under-Secretary General and Legal Officer to 
speak on UN reform and global polltKs. 

10-1 1:30am Yookosol to Japanese Culture 
@ IRJPS Robinson Bldg Complex, Auditorium 
sb: IRIPS Language Program. 
Students who have lived In Japan Will introduce various aspects of Japanese culture with 
photos. deScriptions. and demonstrations. 

))12-I:JOpm Closing Ceremony and Intematlonal Cafe 
@ Intematlonal Center Patio and Loungec( • S4/person • 
sb: Intemational Center and Friends of the Intematlonal Center. 
Come celebrate the end of a wond~rful week of lEW events! Enjoy food. friendship and a 
special performance by the Longfellow Ballet Folk/orico Dance Group 

Explores the immigration detentJon and obstacles asylum seekers face. 
)) 6:30pm Reception /7-8pm Lecture Dr. Susan Shirk: 
Inside the North Korean Economy @ Intematlonal 
House Great Hall « sb: IRIPS. I-House and lAG. 
Dr. Susan Shirk, Director of the Institute for Global Cooperation and Conflict and former 
Deputy Assistant Secretary for China. Taiwan and Hong Kong. will speak about her recent trip 
to North Korea.This is the forst time an American has had the opportUnity to travel Inside 
North Korea and meet with officials and visit farms and enterprises. 

I I am-I pm Peace Corps Info Sessions @ Career 
Services Center, Horizon Room sb: Career Services Center 
Peace Corps volunteers are urgently needed ,n more than 70 countnes for vanous asSignments 
Meet a retumed volunteer and explore Job opportunities. benefits, and the apphcaoon process 
12:30-1 :30pm International Migration Studies & 
Mexican Field Research Training Program @ ERC Admin 
Building sb: CCIS 
An In.depth understlndlng of the causes and consequences of Intematlonal migration In 
countnes around the world. 

1-3pm Study Abroad: latin American Studles@ latin 
American Studies Building, Room 4 sb: Programs Abroad Office 
)) 6-7:30pm Howntey See Us: An Ewnlng with 
International Students @ International Center Lounge « 
sb:SOLO 

I 2-1 pm Study Abroad: Computer Science and 
Engineering @ Engtneering BuIlding Unit J, Room B 1101 
(Warren College) sb: Programs Abroad Office 
1pm-3:30pm Expanding Your Horizons: An 
Intematlonal Career Panel @ Career Services Center, 
Horizon Room sb: Career ServiCes Center and UCSD Alumni AssoClaoon 
J-4pm Study Abroad: International Studies @ ERC 
Admin Building sb. Programs Abroad Office. 
HIpm North AmerIcan Global Marketplace 
@ Cafe Ventanas (ERC) sb: ERC ReslJfe 
7-8:4Spm Film Screening: State of Fear @ Institute of the 
Americas/Copley International Conference Room sb: ClLAS 
ChronKles the atroclt1es of both Sides dunng the twenty-year war between the "Shining Path" 
Indian guemlla movement and the establishment govemments. 
8pm Homelog: Brazil @ Asante AD sb: Intemational House 
JOin I-Housers from Brazil as they provide an up close and personal perspectve on their home 
country and celebrate Brazilian Republic Day. 

1-2pm Study Abroad: Critical Gender Studtes 
@ Ledden Auditorium, Muir COllege Prvvost Room 
sb: Programs Abroad Office. 
Indian Cuisine Lunch and Dinner @ Sierra Summit 
• PrIces vary • 
3-4pm Study Abroad: uterature @ Uterature de Certeau, 
Room 31 55. sb: f'rtwams Abroad Office. 
J:Jo-S:JOpm Mini-Conference & Dinner: Is International 
Peace Passlbler @ International House Great Hal 
sb: LEAD Center 
Join round table dialogues to discuss what )'OU can do to contnbute to a peace process. EnJOY dinner, 
dynamIC dance performances. and an OpPOrtunity Fai~ 
4:3o-9pm Global Gourmet @ I-House Great Hall • 

SlJpe~ 
sb: I-HouS\!. IRIPS and OGS. 
join I-House and IRIPS to cook a tradllional U.5.ThanksgMng dinner. Spaces IS limned. so Sign up WIth 
Ihouse@ucsd.edu. Samples available to all around 7 pm 

3: 3 0-4: 3 Opm Study Abroad: Theatre Major 
@ Galbraith Hall, Room 157 (Revelle College) 
sb: Programs Abroad Office. 

~am-4pm Children's Art Show and Exhibit @ International Cent~r Lounge sb: IntematlOnal Center 
Experience onglnal works by the preschool and kindergarten program at Maggle's Art School and the San Diego French-Ameflcan School. 
Language Conversation Tables @ Cafe Ventanas sb: I-House. Have fun speaking with native speakers and language leamers in 
over 20 different languages. Exact date and times for each language vary and are available at http://jhouseucsd,edu. 

Sponsors 
Chancellor's Office • English Language Institute (ELI) Extension • Graduate 
School of International Relations and Pacific Studies (I RIPS) • Housing and 
Dining Services' International Center • International House • UCSD Guardian 

Amencan Academy of Diplomacy of Washington DC • A.-t Miles Prolect • Cafe Ventanas • Ins~tute of the Ameneas • 
ArabIC LanguJge Program • Career ServICes Center ' Center for Comparative Irrrnlgra~on Stud,es (CClS) • Center 
for lbenan and latin Amenean Stud'es (CiLAS) • EconomiCs Department · Eleanor Roosevelt College · Fnend, of the 
IntematlOnal Center • LEAD Center • ungulstlC' Language Program • Maggie', Art School • San Diego French 
Amenean School • Polmeal Sc,ence Department • Student Legal s.,,..,,ce, • Inst,tute for Global Coopera~on and 
Conna (IGcq • Institute fOl InternatIOnal. Comparat>ve. and Area Stud'es (IICAS) • Intematlonal Affairs Group ' 
InternatIOnal Stud e, Program · Oeean",ew Terrace ' Off,ce of Graduate Stud; .. . Plaza Cafe • Rady School of 
Management · Sierra Summit. ' Student Organ,zatlOns and LeadeMp OpportuM,., (SOLO) • Surv>llOrs ofTortu", • 
UCSD Alumni AsSOCI'~on • United Na~ons Student .AJhance • WalTen College ' Women's Center 

hds .-.----
houng&llll"'q 

.' .. 
u D 
lXTENSION 

[nglish language In,tllut< 

OF CRAZY ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

'U.LI.r1Iy, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

"&M&&~~&M' More Student Control Needed 

WILL PARSON/GUARDIAN 
Harry r1wDma1tra.l1lae rw«lformore 1lUdalt0000000000~cmnpus issues in his Nou.15 Sto~tftN ~.4ddrns. 

President Harry Khanna 
the Importance of student 

and the need for structural 
during the second annual 
the Campus Address. 

However, Khanna also made it 
clear that his student government 
II currently unable to handle that 
dqree of student control. 

·Our campus does a very good 
job of making sure the students 
have Input; Khanna said. ·But I 
think students ... around the UC 
system would apee that it's not 

" ;uat about banng input -on deci-
SiODS; there 8ft certain things that 
students should be able to make 
decisiOlll on.-

During the Nov. IS event. all 
of the speakers highlighted the 
importance of sbared governance. 

Such a system, which ideally splits 
control between the administra-
tion. faculty and students, aUows 
for campus control of resources 
and activities. 

Guest speaker and UCSD 
Academic Senate Chair Henry C. 
Powell addressed the importance 
of a cooperative government sys-
tem for the university, stressing its 
raultins richness of ideas. 

He compared the UC system to 
the governments of some European 
countries, which give their citizens 

[ ADDRESS, page 6) 

Leads World in Storage Capacity 
Colossal tech upgrade 
launches campus to 
forefront of educational 
computing systems 
around the globe. 

, 

By SMnId .4, .... 
CONTRIBUTING WR1TtR 

Rlcbard Moore said that numerous 
researchers and profeseon UIe the 
aupercomputer to store extensive 
cilia lets and simulations. 

"SDSC is a IIItionai facility for 
researchers around the world,* 
Moore said. "There are I number of 
scientific fields - geology. biology. 
~ - that use the super-
computer facility to do simulations, 
ptberdata.. 

WIth the introcIuctian of 1lUIDCl- For example, blocbemlatry 
OUI 1tIIe-CIf-1be-art IBM ape dmes researchers can use the supercom_ 
ad 7OO-JIpbyIeape media, UCSD'a pula' for ca1cuIation-Intensive taIb 

~DClW'" DIGft IIOrIF lib computing the structum of 
capedtylblll that of aayotbereduca- macromolecules and polymers. wbiJe 
tIooII iDIdIudoII ·in the wudd. phyIicUts can IimuIale wind mil-

UCSD'a auperc:omputer. locat- lance m an airplane. 
eel near RlMAC AreDa In Eleanor They then use the supercom_ 
ItooIewIt CoDeae. baa been put of puta's archives to Ikft Iarse data 
the CIDIpUI for 20 ,an. IItrIctIn& - sets that are aometImes thousands of 
rewueben ad InteIbiieUt fium gipbyta In size, be said. . 
Iadiua iDfOrmIlioD t«haolosY In the future, the amount of 
1NHb .... 11-m-Iy a powerful infurmItIon ItoRd in the an:bIwa of 
II*hine - wIIh .. oripIII..... UCSD'llupacomputerwillmabthe 
apdIy of • peabpta - but the IUpeI'CXJIIIpUt IndispeDsabIe to ad-
newat .. 'qIripment baa boclIt- eatIIII around the world and inaaIe 
eel that JIIIIIIber to 2S petabpta. UCSD'. sbItus II I leading raearch 

'Ihe - O!III!IMfty used aIP- ~ aa:onIiDa to Moore. 
.".. kDown to ....... *-IF Due to the aduaIw DIlIuft of 
UIdII In tbcir iFGdIlDII .... II the fIdIity ad the type of raeercb 
equal to • bIIIIaD .". • petabyte II It IUppOftI, UCSD\ supercomputer 
equal to • qIMIIrJIIIoD bpta. center II used mainly by • select h 

San DIep SupemlqUa CeDIier 
DiNctor at ProdGctIoa s,.... ( COMPUlIR, JMF ) ] 

INSIDE WEATHER 
Curnmtl .. _ .. " ..... _ ................. 2 
New BusIness ... _ ............ _ ..... 3 
EditorIaIs ___ • ___ ........ _ ..... 4 NKI6 Nul 17 H76 L52 H74LSt 
Album RevIews .. _ ... __ .. _",11 
a-tfleds .. __ ..... ,_._ ... 13 
CrouwonL_ ..... _ ..... _ ... _ 13 MIll. II MIll' H75 L55 H"LSt 



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Danai Leininger-
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

Green 
Team Finds 
Success on 

Water 
Campus' fledgling 
dragon boat team 
notches a second-place 
finish in its first race of 
the season. 

By Janani ridhamn 
STAFF WRITER 

Although many people on campus 
may be unaware of its existence, the 
UCSD dragon boat team is growing in 
~ize and enjoying success on the water. 

The team was started three years 
ago by senior Sasanna .vee, a current 
member of the UCSD tearn. 

"Three years ago, it was just a 
iew friends;' Vee said. "We only had 
e nough people for one boat, about 
:0 people. Last year, we had enough 
people for two boat ." 

Dragon boat consists of a long boat 
th 18 to 20 paddlers, a drummer in 

the front to keep the beat and a steers-
m an in the back. The team borrows 
its boats from a 'an Diego adult team, 
while each member has his or her own 
paddles. 

The team currently uses two boats 
to field two teams in races, but a third 
boat is available for use as well. 

"We could have three possible 
boats with 60 people," Vee said. "It's 
pretty hard to recruit that many peo-
ple, though," 

Even though there are not enough 
members to fill three boats yet, the 
team is growing each year, as dragon 
boat itself is emerging as a sport at col-
leges in California. 

"A lot of my friends started teams 
at the colleges they went to, like UC 
Irvine, UCLA and rUC] Berkeley," 
UCSD dragon boat president Bailey 
Zhao said. 

Zhao and Vee both graduated from 
Lowell High School in San Francisco, a 
hotbed for high school dragon boaters. 
"[Dragon boat I is so big in the [San 
Franciscol Bay area;' Vee said. "The 
high schools are more competitive 
than the college or adult teams~' 

Being a new team playing a rela-
tively unknown sport can be tough, 
and the team has its share of struggles. 

"The hard thing about college is a 
lot of people don't have experience," 
Zhao said. "There are a lot of new peo-
ple that we have to teach technique to, 
and most people take a while to learn. 
Some people get it really fast though ." 

Another problem that the team 
faces is lack of commitment, according 
to Zhao. The team generally practices 
twice a week with more practices in the 
weeks leading up to a race and fewer 
during the winter. 

"In college, students care more 
about school than the actual sport; he 
aid. "The hard part is getting people 

to come out for practice:' 
The tearn practices last about two 

hours at Fiesta Island in Mission Bay, 
and focuses on perfecting basic form 
and technique. The team also works 
on endurance to build trength for 
its races. In the weeks leading up to 
the race, the team pract ices sprints 
as well. 

Races are usually 500-meter sprints 
that take less than three minutes to fin-
ish. Most of the races take place in the 
[San Francisco] Bay area, and about 
four boats race at a time. 

The UCSO team had its Arst race 
of the season against II other Learns at 
Lake Merced in San Francisco on Nov. 
I L The A tearn took second place in 
the A division while the B team took 

I DRAGON IOAT, page 141 

THE "'GUARPIAN 
HOT CORNER 

Brianna Koche 

SPORTS IS Women's Volleyball The senior middle blocker earned 14 of 301 kiLls on the season to beat Cal State San Bernardino on Nov. 11 and help her team progress to the National Final in Florida. 
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13,2006 

Tritons' Season Stumped in Quarterfinals 
By Niclly Buchanan 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

The "mile high" alt itude of 
Denver and the meeting of two 
of the top teams in the nation 
resulted in the second and last loss 
of the season for the No.3 UCSD 
women's soccer team as it fell 0-2 
to Metro State College of Denver 
while competing in the NCAA 
Division 11 Quarterfinals. 

With its previous and only loss 
being to Chico State back on Sept. 
17, the fresh wound of a defeat was 
not easy for the team to handle. 

"It was horrible to lose, and we 
don't have a lot of experience with 
it:' junior forward Kathy Sepulveda 
said. "But what was even more ter-
rible was to see the faces of the 
seniors when they realized it was 
all over:' 

The'Roadrunners had the clear 
advantage from the start with 
the cold weather, the home field, 
the crowd and the altitude. The 
idea of a road game also seemed 
slightly foreign to the Tritons, who 
played their previous four matches 
on home turf at RIMAC Soccer 
Stadium. 

"We don't like to make excus-
es," junior mid fielder Ali Lai said. 
"But the altitude played a huge role 
in the loss because our girls could 
literally not breathe." 

Junior defende r Nicole Pepper, 
who suffers from sports-induced 
asthma, also testified to the major 
negative effect of the air condi-
tions. 

Aside from these inevitable fac -
tors, one fact still remained: The 
Roadrunners may have fmally pro-
vided an evenly matched competi -
tion for the Tritons. 

"They were definitely the best 
team we played all year:' sopho-
more forward Natasha Belak-
Berger said. "Unlike the teams 
we've played so far, they actually 
played the ir own game, as opposed 
to adapting to our game." 

The first Metro State College 
goal came in the 32nd minute of 
playoff of a Roadrunner corner 
kick, which caused a break in the 
Triton defense. 

"They had a well-executed play 
that caused a miscommunication 
in our defense, and they scored ," 
sophomore goalkeeper Jessica 
McGovern said . 

"We expected to win, naturally, 
and with the fi rst 10 minutes of 
the game we thought it would all 
go accord ing to plan," Sepul veda 
said. "But their first real a ttack on 
goal really brought us down." 

Though the Tritons' momen-
tum was at a standstil l fo r the 
remainder of the first half, they 
managed to come back in with 
their usual second-half fight-
ing spi rit to earn the narrow 8-
7 shooting advantage over the 
Roadrunners . 

" I know if we had played our 
game at a different location we 
most likely wou ld have beaten 
them," Pepper said. 

However, the Roadrunner 
defense was quick to react and 
kept a mark on each Tri ton play-
er, swarming every offender who 
posed a threat to their net, where 
5-foot -S-inch senior keeper Rachel 
Zollner guarded the goal, limiting 
UCSD mostly to outside shots. 

[ SOCCER, page 14 J 

SAN H LUONG/GUARDIAN 
The 0-21055 to Metro State College of Denver was only the second of the seasoll, but after a hard-
fough t battle, the Tritonsfinished off their very successful season with a 20-2-2 overall record. 

Water Polo Underdogs March into Playoffs 

SAN H LUONG/GUARDIAN 
Thefifth-ranked Tritons cruised past theAnteaters with a 10-6 victory on Nov. 8 to secure their spat in the Western Water Polo Association 
championships with a 22-5 regular season record. Junior utility A.I. Kotanjian earned three of the firstfour goals in the match. 

By Paul Choi 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

This is a totaily new team. 
Last year's UCSO men's water 

polo team was a we ll -oiled 
machine ready to take on the 
Western Water Polo Association . 
With II seniors on the team,lead-
ership was abundant and losses 
were few, as the team finished the 
season with a 22-7 regular season 
record. 

This year, not much was 
expected o ut of the Tritons, who 
received only one first-place vo te 
in the presea on WWPA poll. But 
for some reason, this tea m jllst 
clicks. 

"It's crazy how well this team 

gels together and how ou r player 
makeup is perfect," sen ior utility 
Jesse Ca ellini said . "We have the 
perfect players for every role and 
this team wants it so bad." 

The home crowd bade fare -
well to its five seniors as No.5 
UCSO ended its regular season 
with a 10-6 win over No. II UC 
Irvine o n Nov. S. With the vic-
tory, the Tritons finish with an 
impressive 22 -5 regular season 
record, including a memorable 
win against UCLA and only one 
loss against a WWPA opponent. 
While the e are all great accom-
plish ments , their goal has been 
clear s ince they lost in the confer-
ence championship last season . 

"From the very second we lost 

last year. our goal, specifically, 
was to win the conference," senior 
two-meter offense 1'y Lackey said. 
"There's no egos about who scores 
goals or who does what. We just 
get the job done." 

O n senior night, the UCSD 
defense looked great as it shut 
out UC Irvine in the first quar-
ter. Junior utility A.J. Kotanjian 
scored twice, while Ca ellini 
added another goal with just over 
a minute to play in the opening 
period to extend the lead, 3-0. 

Triton head coach Denny 
Harper replaced "is lineup and 
the Anteaters scored two unan -
wered goals, forcing Harper to 

I WATER POLO, pagt t4 ] 

MEN'S ICE 
. HOCKEY 

CALLS IT EVEN 
WITH AZTECS 

By Janani 5ridh r-an 
STAFF WRI TE 

The UCSO and San Diego State 
University men's ice hockey tearns 
played a back-and-forth game at the -
Ice Town in UTC mall on Nov. \0 in 
front of an enthusiastic home crowd. 
The Tritons fought hard against the 
SDSU team, which had given them 
trouble earlier in the season, to come 
out with a 6-6 tie. 

SDSU took a quick 1-0 lead after 
scoring right off the opening faceoff. 
However, freshman forward Kenny 
Mcubbins answered back with a goal 
for UCSD early in the first period. 
After the Aztecs followed up with 
another goal, senior defenseman Paul 
Greco tied it up again with a goal that 
deflected off the SDSU goalie, bringing 
the score to 2-2. 

The battle waged on in the second 
period. After UCSD senior assistant 
captain forward Kolin Ozonian scored 
a goal, SDSU capitalized on a UCSO 
penalty, scoring a power-play goal to 
make the score 3-3. The rest of the 
period was scoreless - mainly due to 
the numerous saves by UCSD senior 
goalie Rich Carter. 

·Our goalie defmitely kept us 
in the game;' assistant captain Jesse 
Tenenbaum said. "He stopped shots 
that most goalies would have let in." 

The Tritons took a short -lived 4-
3 lead early in the third period on 
Ozonian's second goal of the night, on 
a power hot from up top. After two 
nice tops by Carter on shots from 

[ HOCKEY, pase 15 I 

TURKEY, PIE AND A SIDE OF CRAZY. OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

DJ 
www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

UC Faces Unfair Labor 
Charge Over Transparency 

Khanna: More Student Control Neede'd 
Union consortium, 
flanked by campus 
orgs, files complaint 
over lack of disclosure 
in pension talks. 

By Casey Lo 
CONTRIBUTING WRI TER 

Dismayed by UC officials' appar-
ent disregard for sunshine laws before 
initiating talks for a new pension plan, 
a coalition - made of some of the 
largest UC workers' unions and several 
community and stud~nt organizations 
- filed unfair I.abor practice charges 
against the wliversity this month. 

California's sunshine laws require 
employers to provide adequate time 
and information before labor nego-
tiations begin, which the union group 
said the university failed to do when 
its leaders requested reopener negotia-
tions over employee pension issues in 
July. Union workers said that the ses-
sion was rushed, especially amid nego-
tiations about other labor contracts set 
to expire in the coming years. 

The coalition submitted a state-
ment on Nov. 6 suggesting that the UC 
system follow proper procedure for 
giving public notice. The statement, 
however, produced no tangible effect. 

Then, union workers, along with 
the UCLA African Student Union, 
Conciencia Libre, East Bay Alliance 

SHUTTLE 
SERVICE 
DIVVIES 
ROUTES 

UCSD transportation 
department revamps 
routes to alleviate 
passenger congestion 
and improve service. 

By Nathan Mi.los 
SENIOR STAff WRITER 

The Cityshuttle service between 
UCSD and the University Towne 
Center mall will run along new, 
shorter routes for most of the day as 
of this week. 

Between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., the . 
old circular route - which connect-
ed the main campus with a number 
of nearby apartment complexes and 
shopping centers - is now split 
into two sborter lines that serve the 
Nobel and Arriba neighborhoods. 
and one line that runs directly 

[ MTS, PlRe 6 ] 

HIATUS 

A 'Royale' Flush 

for a Sustainable Economy, St. 
Andrews Missionary Baptist Church, 
Movimiento Estudiantil Chicano de 
Aztlan de UCLA and UC Berkeley 
physics professor Charles Schwartz 
consequently filed official charges on 
Nov. 10. 

According to Celene Perez, the 
local representative for American 
Federation of State, County and 
Municipal Employees, the coalition is 
now most concerned with the UC 
administration's apparent blatant neg-
ligence in re.leasing information to 
workers about pension negotiations 
without delaying other bargaining ses-
sions. 

UC Students Association President 
Bill Schiebler said he feit the same. 

"The UC management was par-
ticularly vague about what the break-
down of pensions was going to be and 
was wlwilling to come forward with 
the information in order to cooperate 
with the unions," Shiebler said. "Open 
negotiations are what collective bar-
gaining is about," 

Will PARSON/GUARDIAN 
A.S. President Harry Khanna stressed the need for more student ooersight regarding campus issues in his Nov. 15 State of the CAmpus Address. 

The university, according to UCOP 
spokeswoman Nicole Savickas, main-
tains that the unions have received 
adequate public notice by virtue of the 
UC Board of Regents' meetings, UC 
press releases and the UCOP Web site. 

·We have taken great care to pro-
vide timely public information on 
these and other collective bargaining 

[ UNION, page 6] 

In speech, A.S. president 
presses need for student 
authority over fees and 
facilities, but is realistic 
about independence. 

By Justin P. W"'iams 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

A.S. President Harry Khanna 
stressed the importance of student 
control and the need for structural 
reform during the second annual 
State of the Campus Address. 

However, Khanna also made it Such a system, which ideally splits 
clear that his student government control between the administra-
is currently unable to handle that lion, faculty and students, allows 
degree of student control. for campus control of resources 

"Our campus does a very good and activities. 
job of making sure the students Guest speaker and UCSD 
have input," Khanna said. "But I Academic Senate Chair Henry C. 
think students ... around the UC Powell addressed the importance 
system would agree that it's not of a cooperative government sys-
just about haYing input on deci- tern for the univerSity, stressing its 
sions; there are certain things that resulting ricnness of ideas. 
students should be able to make He compared the UC system to 
decisions on." the governments of some European 

During the Nov. 15 event , aU countries, which give their ci ti zens 
of the speakers highlighted the 
importance of shared governance. [ ADDRESS, page 6 ] 

UCSD Supercomputer Leads World in Storage Capacity 

HVOIE CHEUNG/GUARo/AN 
11tt San Diego ~ Cmm-, blued in Eleanor RoosrveIt CoIhge. has beoome the global 
leader in digmed ~ storage capability willi tJw addition rt numerous IBM tape driva. 

SPORTS 

Just Out of Reach 

Colossal tech upgrade 
launches campus to . 
forefront of educational 
computing systems 
around th~ globe. 

By 5mndi Aravind 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

With the introduction of numer-
ous state-of-the-art IBM tape drives 
and 700-gigabyte tape media, UCSD's 
supercomputer now has more storage 
capacity than that of any other educa-
tional institution in the world. 

UCSD's supercomputer, locat-
ed near RIMAC Arena in Eleanor 
Roosevelt College, has been part of 
the campus for 20 years, attracting . 
researchers and investment from 
leadi.ng information technology 
institutions. It was already a powerful 
machine - with an original storage 
capacity of six petabytes - but the 

n~west stQrage equipment has boost-
ed that number to 2S petabytes. 

The more commonly used giga-
byte, known to students as storage 
units in their iPods and laptops, is 
equal to a billion bytes; a petabyte is 
equal to a quadrillion bytes. 

San Diego Supercomputer Center 
Director of Production Systems 

Richard Moore said that numerous 
researchers and professors use the 
supercomputer to store extensive 
data sets and simulations. 

"SDSC is a national facility for 
researchers around the world," 
Moore said. "There are a number of 
scientific fields - geology, biology, 
engineering ~ that use the super-
computer facility to do simulations, 
gather data." 

For example, biochemistry 
researchers can use the supercom-
puter for calculation-intensive tasks 
like computing the structures of 
macromolecules and polymers, while 
physicists can simulate wind resis-
tance on an airplane. 

They then use the supercom-
puter's archives to store large data 
sets that are sometimes thousands of 
gigabytes in size, he said: 

In the futu re, the amount of 
information stored in the archives of 
UCSD's supercomputer will make the 
supercomputer indispensable to sci-
entists around the world and increase 
UCSO's status as a leading research 
university, according to Moore. 

Due to the exclusive nature of 
the facility and the type of research 
it supports, UCSO's supercomputer 
center is used mainly by a select few. 

[ COMPUTER, page 3 ] 

INSIDE WEATHER 
Currents .. .. ... .... ....................... 2 
New Business ......................... 3 

New super-Brit Daniel Craig hits the jackpot 
by rebuilding famed Secret Agent 007. 

For men's baslretball, a hard-Jought cross-division 
rivalry game against the Toreros ends with defeat. 
page 16 

Editorials .................................. 4 
Album Reviews .................... 11 

Nov. 16 Nov. 17 
H 76 L52 H74L54 

page 8 Classifieds ............................. 13 Nov. t8 Nov. t9 
Crossword ........................... .. 13 H75 L55 H79L54 



2 NEWS 

SHORTY 

CURRENTS 
A Saltless Solution to 

Water Purification 
Scientists from UCLA's He nry 

Samueli S hool o f Engineering a nd 
Applied Sc ience have discove red 
a new reverse osmosis membra ne 
that has lhe pote ntia l to reduce the 
cost of water purification and the 
ability to tu rn seawater into drinking 
water by desalinatio n. 

Reverse osmosis desa lination 
requires extreme ly h igh pressure to 
push sa lty or conta minated wa ter 
through membrane pores devised to 
allow water passage but block salt 
ions and other impurities, leaving 
behind highly purified water. 

Environmenta l e ng ineering assis-
tant professor Eric Hoek and h is 
research tea m a re responsible fo r 
th is new membrane design, which 
uses material that requires less 
pumping e nergy than si milar me m-
branes. 

Because of its power to repel 
particles that might usually stick 
to the surface, the ne w membrane 
a lso clogs more slowly than others, 
resulting in a purifi cation process 
that is equa lly as e ffective but more 
energy-effiCie nt and pote ntia ll y 
much cheaper tha n c urrent meth-
ods. Initia l predictions suggest twice 
the productivity with a 25-percent 
red uction in cost. 

Hoek hopes to confront the 
key cha lle nges that limit the use of 
reverse osmosis m!=!mbrane technol-

ogy today by increasing its robust-
ness and effic iency. He antic ipates 
comme rc ia l ava ila bility of the new 
membrane within a year or two. 

Brain Region Dictates 
Memories'Total Domain 

The a mount of de ta il inc luded 
in a me mory depends on whether 
a certain brain region is activated 
to package it together, UC Irvine 
researchers fo und. 

Using functional magnelic reso-
na nce imagi ng, the scie ntists were 
ab le to examine subjects' brains 
experienci ng a highly detailed event. 
Participa nts who later remembered 
a ll deta iled ele ments of the expe-
rie nce used a specific brain area 
that attac hed the various compo-
nents together as a package. When 
this domain wasn' t activated, only 
sparse aspects of the event were 
later recalled. 

The experiment had several trials 
testing a person's ability 10 remem-
ber the color, location and name of 
objects . 

They concluded that the brains 
of subjects who could remember 
all components of an object were 
aroused in a critical region in the 
parietal cortex. They believe this 
region to be responsible for bind-
ing memory features together so 
that individua ls remember contex-
tual attributes as well as more basic 
aspects of the event. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

BY NANDINI DATTA 

,..,.,... Sleep AidDouWa. DeRipe DDfI 
~"'piIlAlnbia isf'kkl1 rrplacingG8B. 
roItypnol and ketamine • tht """ "* • dnt oj choia. 
IICalfrlitt to lite ~s. Drug BttP'om-~ 

Study: Pmats Don't Provide ~ FiatQdaI Help 
A new Itudy jinJs IIuJt pomrts with Il amtbbtaI $5O.«NJ 
..",. and • dfiI4 1IIfIIer18w#1h ... ~ saw .. 
... foCCM123,.-oj_ ....,,1". propm. 

www. ucsdguardian.org 
Visit our Web site to: 

,Read stories from last issue 
-Apply for a job at the Guardian 
-Vote in our Web poll 
,Leave story comments 
for writers 
,Access story archives 
,Check out classified ads 
,Read exclusive Web stories 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 

AndrewNsuyen -....E4IIM 
Cftorle. Nguyen 

HodIey MendoZ. Copy ....... 
Ned.> Ort izy 

Malthew MCArdle _ .... 

Matthew L'Heureux 
-.--SereN Renner 

Nathan Miklos 0pi0I00-
...... haNllachi """'-o,Ioioo WIIr 

DonoI~ s,--
Nidyllu<NNn A--.o ...... HIIot 

HmNCMop 
_ .... 

Matthewl.eoYitt 
-....--Simone Wilson 
..... -

Ii. Cu "-lII .......... 
IIrash Keshm lrt.n 

--RicNrd Choi .,...-
Jennifer Hsu All'" 
--""'-

Mk:heIle l ...:t~:.. WwodySlMu. ~mone.:.r .... - WIo._ \'If> 
c.,,-

TIuiI[J H:Miey. [ric klM.'" lim. Wil linlo\ Kevin Wolfman 

AnnaCMdolfl _ ....... 
MkNel f ..... ___ _ 

M,k._ ---.AltOW-
Ilmmy Mn ,......... .w.w.trat. 
loshkow ......... 

SI_n?l!''';~~ 

--
o.nioI lOl 

~~::1.~ II1II_ 
1 HQ Buchin, Leo ~. Gary Porter 

The UCSD CwniiotI ls p"bIIshed Mo~ ,0<1 n,,,sdoys 
t;c~ ~~m=~;k,~Do}l~n=~r'~ 
any fOf'm. wheIMf in whale or in put, 1MChout permis-
slof> ;, strictly pIOhi/);,td. C -. .11 ..... .... Ned. The 
UCSD GuWi."., not rwponsibk for tne m um of un50-
lidled ....,.".riP.fs Of an. Thr ¥iNs ~std hemn 

~~~~~~::r~f~T=o?f~~;S~ 
Students. The UCSD Cu.rdim is funded ""ely by adver-
tbins. Wen I fee wm of $tidy too. • 

General Edi,on.l: 858-534-fM) 
edirot@ucrd&lRIliion."'ll 
N~'S: 8S&-S34-S226. newsl(juad~..wt.OtJ 

Focus; ~~5Z26. fNtu~flvaiJ8UMdi.n.0f5 
H~tus: 8S8-Sl4-658l, hlillUsftiuadgwrdiln.org 

oeton: 858-SJ.4.6S82. opinfon®uad,ulfdiilft.org • ~5)4.6582. sports~8Uatd""""B ex ftS8.5)4.6582. ~uan/;"'."'J 
Advertisin~: 1158-534-3466 

ads@uc5ijguaroian.Ofg 
Fax: 1158-534-7691 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16,2006 

Athletics Referendum Center 
of Marathon Council Meeting 
The number of students attending tltis wee.k's A.S. Council meeting greatly 
outnumbered A.S. councilmembers 
for Ihe first time this year, as stu-
dents came in droves to support the 
upcoming athletics fee referendum. 

A.S. Commissioner of Athletics 
Karl Gohd put forth the referen-
dum, which would increase stu, 
dents' intercollegiate athletics fee by 
$78.04 per quarter to deal with the 
athletics department's decade-long 
deficit and provide athletic scholar-
ships to student-
athletes. 

plan was a divisive motion for coun-
cilmembers and generated immedi-
ate dissent from the public. 

"By splitting it up, you're buy-
ing into wishy-washy semi-support 
political decisions," Gram said. 

In the end, the motion failed . 
During the short-statu red 

Ohashi's address to the public, a 
councilmember suggested he stand, 
to which Ohaslti responded, "I am 
standing." 

After a IO-minute recess, John 
Muir College Senior Senator 

Matthew Bright 
announced that 

Former A.S. 
presidential can-' 
didate and Earl 
Warren College 
alumnus Daniel 
Watu dashed to 
the podi~ just 

New 
Business 

Muir 
Senator 

Junior 
Aida 

Kuzucan was 
impeached 
because of too 
many absences 
from college 

seconds after A.S. Vice President 
Internal ,anine DeUomes opened 
the floor for public input, toting 
p.osters as gifts for councilmem-
bers, including A.S. Vice President 
Finance Conrad Ohashi and A.S. 
President Harry Khanna, or. as 
Watts fondly dubbed him, "Emperor 
Khanna:' 

Eleanor Roosevelt College senior 
Joseph Gram challenged the council 
head-on, receiving a standing ova-
lion from the surrounding crowd. 

"If you cared about your con-
stituents, then you'd address the 
problems in the [Undergraduate 
Student Experience Survey] report:' 
Gram said. 

The council immediately moved 
to debate an amendment, sup-
ported by ERC Senior Senator Erik 
Rodriguez-Palaciol, that would 
split the referendum into separate 
units: one to suppon the athlet, 
ics department and the other for 
athletic scholarsltip provisions. The 

PARTOr'l'BtJtWOOD 

ser 

council meetings. 
Kuzucan spoke up to ask for 

support of councilmembers in an 
appeal, but was interrupted by a 
point of order that Khanna con -
firmed. After a voice vote with few 
objections, Kuzucan was allowed to 
continue speaking. 

Thurgood Marshall College 
Junior Senator Kyle Samia started 
asking Kuzucan a question, but was 
stopped by another pOint-of-order 
call. 

As Khanna began to address the 
issue, Kuzucan stopped the debate 
herself. 

Muir Sophomore Senator 
Meghan Clair reaffirmed the col-
lege council's position. 

"Decisions were made by college 
council in college council dosed 
session," Clair said. "I don't appreci-
ate all this talk." 

Finally, after the roarathon five -
hour session, the meeting closed to 
an empty chamber. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Computer 
Eases Data 

Preservation 
~ COMPUTER, from page 1 

Its increased storage capacity may 
not mean much for the average UCSD 
student, Moore said, but it has created 
much excitement among graduate stu-
dents, researchers and professors who 
will have almost unlimited access to 
data from around the world. The imple-
mentation of additional tape drives 
paves the way for further expansion of 
the supercomputer center, a costly ven-
ture that will not use campus funds. 

"This expansion project for SDSC 
is funded entirely out of overhead from 
research dollars that SDSC expects to 
bring in for new projects," Moore said. 

SDSC also gets funding from the 
National Institutes of Health and the 
Department of Energy. These new 
projects include finding ways to archive 
data so it will be available after long 
periods of time. This is a challenge 
for the young SDSC, which is only 20 
years old, Moore said. 

"You can't just put data on a shelf 
and expect it to be there I ()() years 
later:' Moore said, citing libraries as an 
example of where archiving data would 
be most useful. 

The vast amounts of information 
found in most libraries are convert-
ed into digital formats daily. Unless 
there is enough space to store all the 
digital information, it may very well 
be lost to future generations, accord-
ing to Moore. SDSC's role partners 
it with UCSD libraries to meet such 
challenges of data preservation. Other 
SDSC projects are aimed at increas-
ing the center's arsenal of hardware, 
and Moore is currently working on a 
proposal to get more supercomputers 
for UCSD. 

Readers can contact Smruti Aravind at 
saravind@ucsd.edu. 

NEWS 3 



4 '\ :,,; THE '-:~GUARDIAN 
<H 

co TACT THE EDITOR 
athan Miklos 

opillioll@ucsdguardian.org OPINION 
~ Props to women's soccer for making it to the NCAA quarterfinals; and to the t women's volleyball team for still being in the national championship race. 
Flops to New Zealand Qualifications 

Department 4 allowing txt speak 4 
skool assignments. WTFI 

EDITORIALS 
Homogeneity Problems Run 
Deeper Than Admissions 
U nder recent barefaced scrutiny, the University of California's leaders are being forced to oversee a strange "Inion 
between their admissions system plan will never wholly succeed: 
and California's populace. The Applicants facing predetermined 
latter is a racial melange where social constraints will fllld little 
the white demographic is near help from a changed admissions 
to being matched by the minor- ethos by itself. They also need 
ity population: But the state's more effective outreach efforts in 
racial makeup fmds no mirror inner-city high schools, compre-
in state colJeges. It's one of the hensive counseling about college, 
many problems heaved onto the and the breadth and quality of 
back of UC admissions, branded classes offered at higher-income 
recently by a panel of professors schools. Social problems like 
as too faulty to .. _________ -~ gang violence, 

accuratelyrepre- UC'S NEW FACADE drug abuse, 
ent California's and domestic 

population. violence must 
• Holistic admissions alone 

The largest wiD fail to addreis lack of also be tackled 
leak in univer- before 3!ly real 
sity admissions, diveralty on UC campuses. changes will be 
the panel said, L-__________ ~ seen. 
was its eligibility rate system, a A similar holistic system is 
rigid and formulaic setup. The in place at UC Berkeley, but the 
route to solve this problem seems school is still far from accurate 
obvious: Replace this system with racial representation. In fact, as 
one more pliable and personal total enrollment continues to 
than its calculating predecessor. rise at the campus, the number 

That's the pitch UC leaders of underrepresented enrollees 
are using to stave off a raucous - blacks and Latinos - has 
public. UCLA acting Chancellor dropped over the past five years. 
Norman Abrams this year faced There is no cure-all that both soft-
public protests after the college ens UC admissions and respects 
admitted its lowest number of the institution's star\dards; al-sin-
black students in three decades. gular solution, such as the holis-

Abrams is championing the tic admissions, ignores the com-
school's incoming "holistic" plexity of achieving equity in its 
approach as a solution, but the student population. 

Prepared Election Officials 
Learn from '04 Mistakes 
TWO years ago, the n~tional elections at UCSD were a mess. Caught off guard by a higher-than-expected voter 
turnout, poll workers from the 
San Diego County Registrar of 
Voters were simply overloaded. 
Huge lines formed at polling sta-
tions across the campus, out-of-
precinct voters were given provi-
sional ballots - or even turned 
away - instead 

through the wee hours: The last 
voters cast ballots at the Muir 
Commons polling station at 
12:35 a.m. 

In contrast, this year's eJec-
tion came off without a hitch. 
A smaller turnout was expected 

for the midterm 
of being directed 
to the correct 
polling station, 
and absentee vot-
ers were errone-
ously denied pro-
visional ballots. 
Student leaders 

election, which VOTE OF CONfiDENCE reduced conges-

had to be deputized by the state 
to help out the swamped poll 
employees. 

By late evening, the Price 
Center polling station ran out of 
English -language ballots, forc-
ing over 40 students to cast votes 
on Spanish and Vietnamese 
versions: using sample ballots 
for reference. Lines persisted 

tion at the polls. 
But the Registrar 
of Voters obvi-
ously learned 
from its 2004 
mistakes. The 

new electronic voting system had 
none of the glitches of the old 
one; Price Center had two poll-
ing stations instead of just one 
(and plenty of ballots); students 
who had not received absentee 
ballots were properly directed to 
use provisional versions. 

Hopefully, this election will 
serve as an example for 2008. 

THE .~ GUARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 

AndrfW Nguyen 
MANAGING EDITOR 

CharlfS Nguyen 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Heather Wdlf5 
EDITOR IN CHIEF 

MatthfW McArdle 
NEWS EDITOR 
Nathan Miltlos 

OPINION EDITOR 
The UC,SD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 

California at San Diego. Contents If) 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the majority vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those of the 
UC Board of Regents, the ASUC~D or the members of the Guardian staff. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBR 16, 2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Priscilla Lazaro 

Giving Thanks for the Perpetually Late, 
Pumpkin Pie and a Slightly Unhinged Family 
T hanksgiving is coming up next week, and for those of US who are from Southern 
California and thus obligated to 
make the trip home, it can only 
mean one thing: A dinner with the 
circus that is the extended family. 

What I'm talking about can 
probably be best illustrated by one 

to see you too:' my mom snaps in a 
fake sugary tone. She's on edge. 

"Of course Max is late." my aunt 
continues once we're inside. 

Despite coming from the same 
family, all of my grandmother's 
children operate on different time-
tables. My aunt is always early (in 
fact , she probably gets there the day 

event signature 
to any family get· 
together. My fam· 
ily will be gath. 
ered in the living 
room, while my 
grandmother is 
organizing, cook-

Stealing 
:;r the Shoes 
:- ~ Hadley Mend,oza 

hsm e ndoz@ucsd .edu 

before), my mom 
is always in a total 
statt;, of panic, 
rushing to make 
it on time and my 
uncle's family is 
perpetuall y late. 
Sometimes they 

ing or cleaning 
something in another room. 

"Can I help you, Mom?" my aunt 
- a new mother - will offer. Then 
she turns to her 2-year-old son. 

"Okay, Thomas." she says with 
all the seriousness of a heart attack. 
"Mommy is going to help Grams 
with something, but don't worry, I'll 
be right back." 

She leaves the room, and instant-
ly, Thomas starts wailing. Even at 
his young age, my toddler cousin 
is smart enough to know you don't 
want to be left alone with this group 
of crazies. 

I have 19 years of these events 
under my belt, so I've learned the 
pattern. It is the same every holiday, 
regardless of the season, with only 
slight variations over the years. 

It starts in the morning around 
9 a.m. when my mom, in a frenzy, 
shakes me awake. 

"Hadley, get up:' she urges me. 
"We're going to be late!" I'm grumpy 
that I couldn't sleep in more on one 
of my few days free from school 
and work, but I can see the frantic 
terror in her eyes. "Mason, get in 
the shower." she yells to my brother 
in the next room. Nothing is more 
important to my mom on these 
mornings than being on time. If she 
came in to find me in a coma, she 
would probably carry me to the car, 
angrily, then continue prodding my 
brother along. 

We get to my grandmother's 
house and are greeted at the door 
by my aunt. 

"Don't let the cat out; is all 
she says. Behind her, a grayish-blue 
cougar eyes the door hopefully. ] 
feel guilty blocking his calculated 
escape; ] can see in his eyes the 
hunger for freedom. "Well, it's good 

are stuck in traffic, 
sometimes their cat needs emergen· 
cy surgery, sometimes they witness 
a murder or are briefly abducted by 
aliens. Whatever the reason - like 
clockwork, they are always late, 
and always suffering some strange 
malady. 

But now that they've arrived, 
dinner is ready, even though it's 

e all sit down and 
380n annoUD(eS 

that he has just taken 
sophomore science 

and we all need 
not worry: Global 

warming isn't real:' 

only 2 p.m. We eat this meal earlier 
every year for reasons still unclear 
to me. I guess if we waited any lon-
ger, my grandmother - the arche· 
typal doting matriarch, who has no 
doubt been planning this for weeks 
- might implode from anticipa· 
tion. 

We all sit down, and Mason 
announces that he has just taken 
sophomore science and we all need 
not worry: Global warming isn't 
real. Ooooh. bad move. 

My grandmother and her chil -
dren - all of whom have some 
kind of graduate education and are 
shockingly liberal for their genera-
tion - move in on him like a pack 
of intellectual wolverines. A bru-

tal. lopsided debate ensues until my 
brother's argument has been thor-
oughly ripped to pieces, and he sits 
silently pouti ng. 

Then, as dinner progresses, the 
conversation splits. The adults talk 
about literature and current events, 
while I try to pry a conversation 
from my shy and awkward cousins. 

· So what kinds of music do you 
like?" I ask tween -aged Jenny and 
Rachel. 

· We love Jesse McCartney." Jenny 
replies immediately. Mason's ears 
perk up. His wounds are still smart-
ing from the fray and he pounces 
on an opportunity for an easy kill. 
A trumpet captain in the march-
ing band, my brother is passionate 
about music and nothing else. 

"Excuse me? Jesse McCartney is 
not a good musician. He's just like 
every other pop idiot out there," he 
says calmly, circling his prey. 

Jenny, immediately flustered but 
never one to back down, responds 
with a weak but bold, "He is too a 
good musician." 

Now Mason knows he's got her. 
"This McCartney kid doesn't even 
play his own music," he laughs, 
shaking his head dramatically. 

That was the last straw. Jenny 
slams her glass down and yells 
across the table that actually, Jesse 
McCartney plays guitar. 

Nervously, Rachel glances over 
at our parents for guidance, but 
my mom and uncle are intensely 
debating some obscure novel. "Well 
really, what it's about is God, and 
some people believe and some 
don't." . my mom says loudly. My 
uncle responds, "What I thought 
was interesting ... " 

But my mom won't let him fin -
ish . ·Yes," she's saying now very 
loudly, "it's all about God." 

Suddenly, something internally 
cues my grandmother: The tension 
has reached peak capacity; it's time 
to act. And like a warm and calm-
ing breeze, she exhales and begins 
to speak. "Who wants pie?" she asks 
smiling, always lOVing and dassic, 
like a mature Jackie 0., amid the 
pandemonium surrounding her. 

And with a slice of pumpkin piC, 
peace descends on the table. I guess 
that's what ThanksgiVing - and 
family gatherings in general - are 
really all about: getting together to 
share some pie, despite the fact that 
everyone's slightly unhinged. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINIONS 

Minorities Get Empty Gesture Instead of a Helping Hand 
San Francisco ordinance 
requires some businesses 
to disclose whether they 
profited from the slave 
trade - but little else. 

ByJim Shen 
STAFF WRITER 

The city of San Francisco has 
never made a secret of its inclina-
tion to institute progressive social 
policies. This time, the City looked 
to the events of a century and a half 
ago for its most recent issue. 

On Oct. 31, the San Francisco 
Board of Supervisors unanimously 
passed an ordinance that would give 
companies providing the city with 
insurance, financial or textile ser-
vices nine months to search their 
records for any documents that 
might reveal past "participation in 
the slave trade," as listed in the min-
utes of the board meeting. 

According to Supervisor Sophie 
Maxwell, the author of the legisla-
tion (who also happens to be black), 
the goal is to atone for whatever 
profits these companies might have 
garnered from slavery by encourag-
ing them to contribute to an aware-
ness fund . 

But this attempt at redressing 
the wrongs of the past is not only 
archaic, but damaging to practical 
efforts to improve the lives of mod-
ern American minorities. 

For one, targeting financial and 
textile companies is simply disin -
genuous: It's nearly impossible to 
single out companies that profited 
from slave labor, because all com-
panies profited from it one way or 
another. 

More importantly, any material 
gains slavery might have provid-
ed to companies 150 years ago are 

irrelevant to their service today. It 
is unreasonable to hold the cur-
rent employees of these compa-
nies accountable for the action or 
inac tion of their predecessors. San 
Francisco was not even part of a 
slave state in the 19th century; had 
a city in one of former Confederate 
states passed this legislation, it might 
have been far more meaningful. 

This law also establishes a blatant 
double standard regarding grievanc-
es toward different minority groups. 

nation's political and economic clout, 
but this fact does not mean that all 
of the problems of minority com-
munities stem from the various evils 
committed by whites, past and pres-
ent. The spirit of self-victimization 
encouraged by the San Francisco 
ordinance is exactly the opposite 
mind set needed to overcome eco-
nomic and educational difficulties 
faced by minorities who suffered 
under de jure discrimination in the 
past, and face de facto discrimi -

nation in the 
present. As Bill 

Where is the leg-
islation calling for 
the retuID of the 
state of California 
to Mexico? Why 
is there no men-
tion of repara-
tions for the 
Irish and Chinese 
immigrants who 
worked in ghet-
to-like conditions 
to build the first 
transcontinental 
railroad? In both 
of these instanc-

e greatest flaw with 
e San Francisco 

Cosby said to 
the black citi -
zens of Detroit 
in 2005, "It's 
not what they're 
doing to us. It's 
what we're not 
doing." 

legislation, however, 
is that it contributes 
heavily to the idea 

of self-victimization 
Instead of 

creating leg-
islation that 

among minorities:' promotes this self-victimiza -
tion, the bleed-

. es, a dominant 
racial group used force to appropri-
ate wealth from a race they consid-
ered inferior. 

C ertainly, slavery was evil, but 
carving out a third of Mexico via 
force of arms and adding it to 
U.S. territory is hardly any better. 
Yet nobody has suggested finding 
those who profited from adding 
California to the Union and asking 
them to donate to a fund dedicated 
to raising awareness about historical 
American imperialism. 

The greatest flaw with the San 
Francisco legislation, however, is 
that it contributes heavily to the 
idea of self-victimization among 
minorities. 

True, white Protestant males still 
control a significant majority of the 

ing hearts who 
passed this ordinance should con-
sider a community-oriented self-
empowerment program instead. 

For example, in response to 
Cosby's challenge, Detroit blacks 
formed A.R.l.S.E. Detroit! to pro-
mote community action and vol-
unteering to solve issues such as 
illiteracy, drug abuse and urban 
blight, issues that have traditionally 
plagued minor-
ity neighbor-
hoods and 
stymied 
economic 
progress. 

If the 
goal of 

Grossmont Cent.r MCiIi 
5500 Grossmont Center Drive 

La -Mesa,: CA. 91942 
Toke 1-8 to LA Moso Itvd, Exit, Turn Loft onto Murray Drl •• 

(Farmer Goad Guys aero .. from Sports Authority). 
Ca.h, Vila, Malt.rCard, ar Amox Only 

the Board of Supervisors is truly 
to "ameliorate the effects of slavery 
upon the residents of San Francisco:' 
as its members stated in the meeting 
where they unanimously passed the 
ordinance, it must encourage people 
of the present to take action - not 
look to actions of people in the 
past. 

Why, one must wonder, would 
the board focus on a slave trade 
that ended close to two centuries 
ago, when a modern version is bur-
geoning in the sex shops of the 
Tenderloin district? A four-part 
series of articles in the San Frallcisco 
Chronicle this October dove into the 
rampant illegal sex trade in the city, 
part of a billion-dollar business that 
brings thousands of Asian women 
into the country, often forcing them 
to work under conditions little bet-
ter than slavery. Surely this pressing 
contemporary issue deserves more 
attention than the slave trade of 
the 19th century. 

San Francisco's deci sion 
to pass this ordinance reflects 
poorly on the judgment of those 
who enacted it. Not only is it 
a colossal waste of time and 
effort to sift through the neces-
sary historical records, but the 
legislation fails to address the 
obstacles faced by minorities 
other than blacks, as well as 
being detrimental to the very 
cause it supposedly supports. 
We should prevent self-vic-
timization, not promote it. 

JENN H SU/GUA RO' AN 



6 NEWS 

Need Extra Cash for the Holidays? 
It's possible to cover everyone on your 

list and more workilfg at HEPCat! 
HEPCat has tons of temporary 

part-time positions for: 

• Meeters & Greeters 
• Dishers 

• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality Industry! 
Daily & Weekly Pay! Work Today, Get Paid Tomo"ow! Flexible 

Work Schedules! Group interviews/ Open House take place on: 
Mondays thru Thursdays at 10:30 am, 1:30 pm & 4:30 pm SHARP! 

Se Habla Espanol! 
Apply Today, Start Tomo"ow! 814 Morena Boulevard, 

Suite 21O-San Diego, call (888)472-1829!! www.HEPCat.jobs 

.,. LAn NIGHT 
II IHE 1000E 
Open ""II 2_ 
Fri. 1 ht. 

.,. PUIY UU 
10 120 GUESTS 

ULTRAZONE 
3146 \porn AI ... Blvd • • San Diogo, CA 
0. ..... I., of so s,.t. At_ 

(619) 221-41100. _w.lltm_' •••••. c. 

WITH THIS AD : 

15%. off any kaya'k 
(over $499) 

25% off anyone accessory 
25% off tours and rentals 

Offer good for UCSD faculty 
and students only with valid 10 

819 San Fernando Place 
San Diego, CA 92109 

858-488-5599 
www.allenskayaks .com 

KAYAK TOURS AND RENTALS 
BIKE; TOURS AND RENTALS 

SURFING LESSONS 

25% offfor 
UCSD students 

and faculty 
with this ad 

(you MUST bring your UCSD 10) 
2246 Avenida de la Playa 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
858-551-9510 

www .hikebikekayak.com 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16,2006 

Students Need 'Final Say,' President Says 
• ADDRESS, from page 1 
substantial civic services but little 
direct control over such services. 

However, Khanna said UCSD's 
current politics steer far from actu-
ally granting students power. 

"The administration and the 
faculty do pretty well with shared 
governance," Khanna said. "And 
then you look at students and you 
say, • Well, what do students really 
have here to represent shared gover-
nance?' We can give a lot of advice 
and we have a certain level of influ-
ence, but we have no real purview or 
final say over anything." 

Ideally, students should have 
the final word on the things for 
which they pay, Khanna said, par-
ticularly over facilities and student 
fees. He compared UCLA's student 
government, which oversees facili -

ties, to UCSD's Unjversity Centers 
Advisory Board, pointing out that 
UCAB is comprised mostly of stu-
dents and has influence over the use 
of university facilities. -

Some veteran professors and 
administrators have fought for con -
trol and guarded it fiercely - such 
as the faculty's absolute control over 
grade assignments, he said. But 
since ·students don't have decades;' 
they must rely on the administrators 
to fight for students' views each time 
a new crop arrives. 

In order to be ready for this type 
of powt'r, Khanna said that there 
needs to be elected officials within 
the senate who can focus on all -
campus issues, such as an all-cant-
pus baccalaureate, instead of being 
tied to the individual colleges. 

Members of the cabinet are cur-

rently lobbying such issues. 
Khanna also called (or more 

accountability for elected A.S. offi-
cials. Such accountability is cur-
rently lacking, he said. because most 
councilmembers serve a single term, 
eliminating the need to garner votes 
for re-election. 

Additionally, Khanna wishes to 
create an elected position to which 
the A.S. cabinet would be account-
able. 

This would allow accountability 
to occur on a real level while pro-
tecting elected officials from the 
constant scrutiny of the entire elec-
torate. he said. 

"It is clear in my mind that A.S. 
needs reform;' Khanna said. 

Readers can contact Justin P. Williams 
at justin.p.williams@gmail.com. 

Campus Plans Service Expansion to Oceanside 
• MTS, from page 1 
between UCSD and UTe. 

"It's about speed and safety; 
Transportation and Parking Services 
Director Brian O'Autremont said of 
the changes. · With the new routes, 
what used to take six buses can now 
be done with two." 

According to D'Autremont, a 
major problem with the old shuttle 
route was the large passenger loads 
at points closer to campus that could 
not be served by shuttles already full 
from previous stops. 

At the same time, empty shuttles 
returning from UCSD would be 
making the trek to the far end of 
the loop. using up valuable carrying 
capacity. 

The new lines are designed to 
prevent that specific problem by 
ensuring that each neighborhood 
has dedicated, direct service during 
peak hours . 

The Nobel shuttle runs down La 
Jolla Village Drive as far as Lebon 
Drive, then loops back to UCSD 
along Nobel Drive. The Arriba 
shuttle carries passengers down La 
Jolla Village Drive until Regents 

Road, then loops around the Vons 
shopping center on its way back to 
UeSD. 

In addition to the route reorga-
nization, the number of stops was 
also reduced, speeding up transit 
time bUI, in some cases, requiring 
students to walk to a handful of des-
ignated pick-up points. 

The number of shuttles running 
between UCSD and UTC were also 
reduced; now, only the UTe express 
shuttles go the mall , once every 30 
minutes. 

"If we're trying to provide the 
most cost-effective services we can. 
we ca.n't afford to duplicate city ser-
vices - like [MTS routes I 48 and 
49, which run along the old shuttle 
route between the UCSD campus 
and the UTe mall; D'Autremont 
said. 

At Ihe Mandeville Auditorium 
shuttle hub. employees from T&PS 
were on hand for most of the day to 
help direct students to the proper 
shuttles. 

Lines at the theater, which typi-
cally streich half the length of the 
building during peak pours, were 

conSiderably shorter on its first day 
of service. 

"I like them;' John Muir College 
sophomore Melissa Wong said of 
the new day routes. "They're faster. 
and more direct. The wait was about 
the same as usual, but r got to school 
much faster." 

The Cityshuttle service has seen 
!I meteoric rise in popularity since 
its creation in 2002, growing from 
just 400 daily riders in its first year 
to over 4,200 a day in winter 2006. 
The number of shuttles has grown 
along with demand, but in the past 
few years the service has run into 
overcrowding problems. 

Future plans for improv-
ing UCSO transportation include 
expanding free bus coverage north 
to Oceanside. and the development 
of a real -time shuttle tracking sys-
tem similar to the one in place at 
USC. 

D'Autremont estimated the 
tracking system would be in place 
in December. 

Readers can contact Nathan Miklo$ 
at nmiklos@ucsd .edu. 

Union Coalition Refuses Further Negotiations 
• UNION, from page 1 
matters, and we will continue to do so; 
Savickas said. 

Because of prudent management 
and state economic factors, the UC 
pension fund has enjoyed an anlple 
surplus over the past 15 years. negat-
ing the need for the university or its 
workers to contribute parts of their 
wages to the fund. The surplus has 
since shrunk. and the newest pension 
proposal by the university entails a 
2 percent contribution from workers' 
salaries - gradually rising to 8 percent 
- to the pension fund with no unjver-
sity contributions. 

"The unions agree that pensions can 
only benefit workers' futures, but the 

university should not put the weight of 
the contributions entirely on workers' 
and students' backs;' Perez said. 

Savickas said that the university 
wants to retain its current pension 
fund to attract quality employees. 

"Retirement benefits are an impor-
tant component in attracting and 
retaining high-quality people to the 
university; Savickas said. 

According to Shiebler, ue admin-
istratiors and union workers should 
collaborate to get more money from 
the state, rather than cutting workers' 
wages to fmance the fund. Workers 
wilJ suffer, he said, unless the state 
provides sufficient funding. 

Although the California Public 

Employment Relations Board will 
rule upon the charges ftled against 
the university in coming weeks, the 
union alliance has refused to continue 
negotiations llntil the university has 
provided better notification and infor-
mation on negotiations. The unions 
indefinitely postponed a bargaining 
session on Nov. 9 until a compromise 
is reached. 

"The university needs to wake 
up and be open with the campus 
community,' Perez said. "UC is for 
Californians, not just for the top of the 
administration :' 

Readers can ·contact Casey Lo at 
cwlO@ucsd.edu. 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 7 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

imoll£ Wilson 
hiatus@lIcsdguardian.org 

Hidden 
'Neath Tales 
of Piss Sex 
and Go-Go 

COURTESY Of ARTS & CRAfTS 

By Simont: Wilson 
HI"TUS EDITOR 

h, what a day at 
the lake it would be 
- to stumble upon 

___ Hidden Cameras 
helm-man Joel Gibb strumming 
out sparkling-new pop melodies 
from an acoustic guitar, each 
stronger and catchier than the 
last. his 12-odd ensemble eroti-
caUy squishing mud between their 
toes or mindlessly wandering back 
into the woods banging on their 
instruments like the "sex death 
cult" they are. 

Of course, the band's most 
recent recording session on Toronto 
Island went nothing like this, save 
the romantic location. 

"The album was done quickly, 
on a computer on a beautiful island 
- easy and nice;' says Gibb. 

But something about the 
Cameras' straight-served silver 
platter of rich, clean-cut arrange-
ments has been known to leave 
fans and critics alike hungrily 
latching onto the colorful details, 
almost as if compensating for the 
music's agreeable simplicity. 

True, Gibb is an unabashedly 
gay Canadian with a fondness for 
musical theatrics. And yes, he does 
sing songs with titles like "Golden 
Streams" - though he denies that 
particular one is anythins more 
than a metaphor for some sort 
of frozen ladder to heaven. SinCt: 
the coUective's coming out in 2003 
with The Smell of aur Own, the 
singer/songwriter has been play-
ing a wishy-washy push-pull game 
with aU those trying to pin down 
the group's suggestive chamber 
pop as consistently Oamboyant. 
casually throwing out teasers like 
"Gay church folk music· and go-go 
dancer cathedral concerts, only to 
become defensive when labeled as 
controversi~ or prodded for more_ 

Has it driven him to desper-
ate measures? The lyrics on Awoo, 
the Cameras' third full-length sun-
beam of an album, are noticeably 
lacking that certain eyebrow-rais-
ing shock factor - "finsmns dirty 
holes in the dark" and "cocks get-
ting felt on the church grounds" 
are largdy replaced with repetitive 
onomatopoeias (all spin-off. of the 
title wolf-howl) and vague politics 
like "I've bad it with the present 
laws of this awful stalel The bIeed-

I CAMBtAS, page 1\ J 

hiatus 
~. THE BEST SONGS 

III!II DOSS +~1~~1~~ 
ditties 

The Curtains (+44) The Hidden Cameras 
arts/entertainment • ' Death of a Tune" 

• "Follow These Eyes' 
• ' Roscornare" • 'Weatherman" 
• ' Green Water' • ' Lillian" 

THURSDAY NOVEMBER 16, 2006 

Volver 

*** 

n
t's difficult to portray incest and child abuse as anything less than monstrous, and most mms circling the sin are so 
depressing they leave you in an emotional comatose (see "Oldboy:' "Mystic River")_ Because such topics are meant to 

I elicit grief or horror, the frequent cause for laughter in Pedro Almodovar's latest seems a little off-mark. Perhaps th~ very 
....J seduction of "V olver" is its capacity to breathe life into trauma without spitting sorrow across the screen_ 

And the story's not just about 
incest - at its core, "Volver" 
elCplores death and the return 
of things long left buried. The 
many mysteri!!s of the film con-
verge at the cruxes of mortality 
as each secret becomes the key 
to unlocking another: A fathe.r is 
murdered and a dear aunt passes, 
unearthing a dusty history and 
bringing a mother back to life. 

Life in "Volver" straddles 
between traditional and trashy, 
halfway between the nestled casas 
of provincial La Mancha and the 
darker, urban ghetto just outside 
Madrid. Raimunda (Penelope 
Cruz) and Irene (Carmen Maura) 
play two generations of Spanish 
housewives tied to a domestic 
existence mired in abuse. 

Exhibiting the tense feroc-
ity extant in mm noir hero-
ines, Cruz doesn't immediately 
mold to the maternal role she 

plays. Her sexuality is hard 
to overlook, and the camera's 
frequent panning of cleavage 
doesn't strengthen the argument 
otherwise. But Cruz performs 
with all the convincing author-
ity and tenderness of a mama, 
even if she reads a bit more like 
a mamacita. . 

Though A1mod6var's film 
is scandalous in its irreverent 
humor, he succeeds in explor-
ing with the audience life after 
tragedy. In the end, the story 
of a mother, her daughter and 
her daughter's daughter are each 
woven into a tapestry of shared 
disasters - but these are disasters 
buried with laughter. Secrets can 

be funny, and history can 
be unwrapped like candy, 

revealing sweeter, 
thicker layers for 

the tasting. 

WARM-BLOODED 
007for'006 

Coffeehouse Treasure 
UIIS lhro gh Dec. 8 

#Street Creatures" 
Espresso Roma 

By Chris Mertan 
STAFF WRI TER 

We've grown accustomed to all the Bond cliches: the high-tech . gadgets, the "fully loaded" cars, the buxom women of dubious 
reputation and, of course, those cheesy puns. 
This time around, they're not stirred, not 
shaken, but blown to bits - the film's few gad-
gets have real purpose. the women exist on a 
human scale and Bond actually bleeds. 

Daniel Craig ("Munich") is certainly the 
James Bond of the 21st century. With audiences 
craving character-driven action films such as 
"Batman Begins" and the "Spider Man" fran-
chise, it's not surprising that Bond would make 
the shift over as well. And what a shift it is. 

After receiving double-O status and foUowing 
a breathtaking "free-running" chase in Africa -
arguably the best action scene this year - Bond 
is assigned to trace the money trail of Le Chiffre 
(Mads Mikkelsen), a high-class financier to 
global terrorists. This mission leads him to the 
Casino Royale in Montenegro, where he must 
face off with Le Chiffre in a high-stakes poker 
game. Needless to say, this serves as a setup for 
staple action sequences and some sur-
prisingly intriguing card play. 

The premise seems worthy, but every 
Bond aficionado has wondered for months: 
Can a blonde Hollywood outcast fuUy fiU the 
shoes of his role's legendary predecessors? 

Not only does Craig fill these shoes, he 
wears a completely different pair. For the first 
time in the franchise, we see Ian Fleming's 
James Bond - a tough, terse, sometimes bru-
tal, egotistical 'man who takes his job seriously. 
He thinks and reacts with cold calculation and 
flamboyant arrogance, whether squaring off 
with Le Chiffre at the poker table or convers-
ing with Bond girl Vesper Lynd (aptly played 
by Eva Green), a scene to which he even adds a 
hint of romantic sweetness. 

Most 007 films have focused heavily on 
the plot - often involving some sort of bomb 
- and the ginunicks. But "Casino Royale" is 
about Bond the man. For the first time, we 
learn of his psychology and philosophy, as he 
acts less like a cartoon superhero and more like 
a human who lives in our all -too-real world. 
His choices have consequences - ones he 

[ BOND, page 12] 

Ever wonder why those little Pocket Events Guides look better - a lot better - than lazy college fly-
ers are supposed to look? That's because University 
Centers stumbled across Earl Warren College medial 
computing major Jesse Chapa to work his Adobe 
Illustrator magic on each meticulous page. 

Chapa and co-worker Chi Hong, who runs cam-
pus-event broadcast Video Connect, have taken a few 
pieces from their more personal, hand-crafted coUec-
tions to display in Price Center's coffee shop, kicked 
off Nov. 15 with a DJlfoodlbeer extravaganza. 

A neat little clump of framed work lines the back 
wall, including a postage stamp-coUaged octopus 
floating Cross a rasta prism caUed "Flying Awayl 
Submerging" (by Chapa) and shiny red oil with ball-
point landscape scribbles caUed "My Favorite Red 
Shirt" (by Hong). Chapa's more design-oriented art is 
starkly contrasted by Hong's scrawled forms - a mag-
netic pairing to further steam your double Iatte. (SW) 

i 
I 

UII 1 (fill '''1 J 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Suburban Perversions Given 
Fair Trial in Creepy 'Children' 

By Christine Clark 
SEN lOR STAFF WRI TER 

It's the hunger. The refusal to accept a life of unhappiness," Sarah Pierce (Kate Winslet) prophesizes in a potent scene from "Little 
Children," a mm that hypnotically portrays the 
undercurrents of desperation running through 
a typical U.S. suburban neighborhood. 

Pierce, an unhappy housewife. and Brad 
Adamson (Patrick Wtlson), a lonely st<ly-at-home 
dad, go through each monotonous day as once-
ambitious lost souls searching for meaning - until 
they find and befriend each other. Adamson's wife 
(Jennifer ConnoUy) is a glamorous and driven 
documentary filmmaker who continuaUy pushes 
her husband to pass the bar exam so she won't 
have to be the family's sole breadwinner. Pierce's 
husband (Greg Edelman) is a successful business-
man who pays more attention to graphic porn 
Web sites than he does to his wife. So when they 
encounter each other at the public park where 
their kids play, sparks fly and the pair enter into an 
affair that reinvigorates both of their lives. 

But these unfaithful lovers aren't the only ones 
. battling inner demons. The film also chronicles a 

convicted sex offender, Ronnie McGorvey (Jackie 
Earl Hayley), who moves into the same neigh-
borhood as Pierce and Adamson. McGorvey is a 
tragic ch~I3cter, depicted as a man conflicted by 
both his own pedophilic sickness and his status 
as a social outcast. and Hayley's captivatingly 
creepy performance manages to be at once spine-

tingling and compassionate. 
Carnal lust is a recurring theme in each sto-

ryline. The adulterous relationship consists of a 
series of secret yet passionate sexual encounters; 
similarly, McGorvey constantly struggles with 
his urge toward children. Director Tom Field 
never fully differentiates between normal desires 
and abnormal perversions, admirably aVOiding 
demonization of McGorvey's character, no mat-
ter how disturbing his actions may be. 

As he did for " In the Bedroom; Field does an 
exceptional job of exploring material that is both 
heart-wrenching and disturbing, delicately bal-
ancing the romance between Pierce and Adamson 
with the story of McGorvey's sexual deviance. 

Winslet's subtle portrayal of a woman brim-
ming with desperation is the heart and soul of 
"Little Children:' As she has an affair with a man 
she can never have, her heartbreak is one of the 
story's most tragic aspects. 

Not since "American Beauty" has there been 
such a gut-wrenching examination of the dark 
undertones of American suburbia. Though it's 
not an easy film to watch, "Little Children" tack-
les it.s heavy subject matter with skill and grace. 

little Children 

*** Starr[ng .Kate Wins~t. <Palrick Wilson & Jennifer Connolly 
Directed by Todd Field 

Raled A 

HIATUS 9 

------------r------------
• MYSTIC TAN .MYSTIC TAN 
• orll.1'UlED I 
: BUY5fOrS'95 : '_JUet1 FREE 
• only • 
• PI EA.. First dIM custom ... only. 
• ::;.';.~~u~~~o • Exp. 12/1 6106 
r------------r-----------
• LowestprlmlnSD! .L-1TAN~3t1lLw/10 t.ns 
: $17" '!!!!.."11 : L-2 TANw/fodol' S" ... 
• ~.nu • ~O~ 
• TIIIIIH I L-3 TAN ultr. bed ....... 
• See salon fO( details. I wil 0 tans 
• Exp.1 211 ti106 I Exp.1211ti106 .-.----------------~-----~ Abo¥eul Coppaoss street 3ZSt IIaILI_ Ct #204 aSI.4SS.0t09 

from ElTorito and Rodt Bottom ........ ,. 

RETRACTION: The Guardian 
Graphics department regrets the depiction of 
Thurgood Marshall on the page 11 Campus 
Calendar in this past Monday's (Nov. 13) issue. 
We now realize that the light-hearted graphic 
appropriation of Justice Marshall's likeness in 
the fun and celebratory context of the 
Marshallpalooza concert was a risky artistic 
choice. It was not intended to disrespect his 
incredible legacy_ 

ME" 2007 CHEVY AVEO With 37 EPA estimated highway MPG: A standard !Pod' Input jack. And room to seat 
five comfortably. The Chevy" A'WO· LS Sedan Is one surprisingly big car. And now, AYto Is backed by the ~ 100,000 
mlle/5-year Powertrain Umited Warranty:' Starting at just $12,51S!t LT as shown S14,12S!1 Go big at chevyaveo_com 





- \ 

" 

12 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 

~BH "cS4~onte Blonde Bond, Bef~re the Stiff Upper Lip ~\pC6L'"" 
SAlURDAYS·All COUEGE GAMES -$10 Bl)CKETS OF BUD LIGHT 
SUNDAYS -NFL SUNDAY TICKET ·$8 PITCHERS 
MONDAY NIGHT· NFL HEADQUARTERS · $2 BUD/BUD UGHTS 

TWO FULL lIARS 
PLASMAS & BIG SCREEN 

PRIVATE .. ARTY ROOM 
~TAa.E 

HEATED PATIO 

~ BOND, from page 8 
doesn't always foresee. 

"Royale" also takes the prize for 
best· looking film in the franchise. Yes, 
it does include the exotic locales of 
the Bahamas, Prague, Montenegro and 
Venice, but it is also utilizes black and 
white like never before, among the 
frame's shifting palette of colors and 
lighting. When Bond is poisoned by 
one of Le C hi l'fre's cronies, the changes 
in both natural and artificial light help 
send the audience into a simllar state of 
di array and delusion. Director Martin 
Campbell shows the audience inside 
007's Rubik's cube of a mind, telling 
the story through character movem ent 
rather than supplying information in 
implified exposition. 

The fUm does suffer from an 
almost-too-lo ng running time, push-
ing two and a half hours and dragging 
through a few slow periods, but the 
stylistic pace changes make "Royale" 
the best Bond film sin ce Campbell 's 
"Goldeneye" and Craig the most realis-
tic since Timothy Dalton wore the tux-

COURTESY OF SONY PI CTURES 
111e sixth James Bond to date, Daniel Craig makes his 007 debut in the baclctrocked "Casino 
Royalp," a more intimate exploration of the man behind the designer suits and bayish gadgets. 
edo in the late 1980s. Bond is brought 
down to eye level, speaking in less 
formal language and exhibiting more 
emotion - granted. with explosions. 
shoot ·outs and car chases behind. But 
007 has finally gained something he 
has long evaded: his own humanity. 

Casino Royale 

*** Stalling Daniel Craig & Eva Green 
Directed by Martin Campbell 

Rated PG·13 

OPEN IDE. 
NO WIDER. 

816 BURRITOS •• Ckipotle. . 
V ILL A LA, j U ~_ L i\ ,", N ~.J H L L 

WWW.lOUthcoallplaza.com 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 

EVENTS 
The GlMfdiln won't rip down your ftyers! 
Do you have something to tell UCSD? 
You don't need to plaster flyers all over 
the Price Center and watch them get 
torn down or covered over In minutes. 
Dig deep and cough up the 5 bucks and 
let the Guardian c1assifieds do all the 
work. That's 20,000 of your damn flyers 
in one week! That's right baby, both in 
the paper and on line at ucsdguardian. 
org. Check ucsdguardian.org for easy 
instructions or just call us @ 858 534-
3466. Gitter done. (6/7) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~ . THE2~GuARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edi~ delete offensive words and pharses, 
andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will nol 
hold the GuGrdll", liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 

Copy should be reviewed by the ad_tlser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 

............. aU """' ...... odence Nprdinl CIasIfIed. to: 
UCSD Guard"n, Ann:ClauIf\eds, MOO Gil ...... Drtw 10316,1.11.101", CA Ilotl. 
ActuellocetIon: Student Center A. Room 217, 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per 10 ..... 
'Faculty & Staff: $1.50 per 20 word. 

All others: $12 per 20 ~s 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$10.00 per column inch 
Dudllnes: 

Public.otioo Date Display Ads and !.Jne Ads 
Mondey 4pm Mon (1 wk) 
11Iunct.y 4pm Thurs (1 .... ) 

CLASSIFI EDS 1 3 

TEASERS - Stylish waxing. Great daily and 
holiday specials. Mention ad. Keirstin 
858·354-0352 or 858-272-1876. (11 /16) 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED! 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

CONPEllSATION $8,000 
Call Reprodudh,e Solutions 

now 818·832·1494 
ANNOUNCEMENTS email : adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • C1assifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

DUI? MIP? DRUG CHARGE? CALL A 
FORMER PROSECUTOR TO DEFEND YOU! 
AFFORDABLE RATES AND STUDENT 
DISCOUNTS. LAZO LAW·CENTER. (619) 
595·3157 (11 /30) 

RETRAcnGN: The GuC!rdian Graphics 
department regrets the depiction of 
Thurgood Marshall on the page 11 
Campus Calendar in this past Monday's 
(Nov. 13) issue. We now realize that 
the light·hearted graphic appropria-
tion of Justice Marshall's likeness in 
the fun and celebratory context of the 
Marshallpalooza concert was a risky 
artistic choice. It was not intended to 
disrespect his incredible legacy. (11/16) 

GUITAR LESSONS. Highly qualified, 
friendly, patient teacher offering lessons 
near UCSD. Mention this d for 5 lessons 
for $100. Call (858) 366-348S. (11/20) 

$ 1 0 UCSD Bookstore gift card. Free 
food. Chance to win an iPod Nano. 
Participate In focus groups to help name 
the center of campus. Monday 11 /20 or 
Tuesday 11/21. Contact marketlng-at-
ucen@ucsd.edu for details. (11116) 

Visit www.ucsdguardian.org/giveaway 
to find out how to win the Taylor Big 
Baby Acoustic Guitar courtesy of La Jolla 
Music! (11 /16) 

EMPLOYMENT 

TUTORS 
needed in most subjects. 

Call the Tutoring Network 
858-NET·WORK [858-638-9675) 

Mystery Shoppen. Earn up to $ 150/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover 
shoppers needed to judge retail and 

dining establishments. Call 800-722-
4791. (11/30) 

Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive brand 
new cars with ads placed on them. www. 
DriveAdCars.com (11/30) 

MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 
Restaurant in Del Mar is looking for a 
part time waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 am 
to 2:30 Mon thru Fri.; For Dinner: 4: 15 
pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Part TIme: 
Minimum of 2 days on either Lunch or 
Dinner. Call Manager: (858) 204-4831 
bet. lOam to 4 pm, Mon-Sat. (11/16) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attorney 
needs parttime assistance (Wednesdays, 
Fridays) to assist at office. Hours are 
8:15 am to 7:00 pm (plus additional 
overtime). Duties include typing filing, 
word processing, occasional bookkeep-
ing, assistance at court, good grammar 
and punctuation skills, knowledge of 
Microsoft OffKe,-good handwriting and 
the ability to stand for long periods of 
time. Requires the ability to drive a van 
with an automatic transmission. Must 
have good driving record. Candidates 
must pass a grammar, spelling, punctua-
tion and typing test plus a background 
check. Please send resume to: Human 
Resources, DLA Piper US LLP, 401 B. 
Street, Suite #1700, San Diego, CA 92101 
or email to maureen.walker@Cjlapiper. 
com ("1/30) 

Paid marketing internship for nation-
wide bar and restaurant organization. 
10·20 hours per week. Please fax resume 
to 619-291-0845 or e-mail hq@mje-inc. 
com (11/16) 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 26 Medi"'ting moodily 
1 Manhanan Pro/ect project 
6 Glenn of the Eagles 
10 For boIh sexes 

30 lifted 
34 Rivulet 
35 Wf5lem lily 

14 liquefy 
15 "Damn Yankees" siren 

37 Snail trail 
38 Eal!'" 

16 UplO""''''''' 
17 Sitcom group 
19 Explorer Zebulon 
20 L. Michl"'s' show 
21 ~ 
22 SIood by 
24 Wildtoboesl 

39 Miscue 
41 Mongolian desert 
42 Rescues 
44 Nap 
45 One Baldwin 
46 P""""",I points 01 view 
48 StJmmer drini< 

25 Standi .. ",II 50 MonopoIypiece 

Financial planner needs part time help 
for client services. Phone skills helpful . 
Flexible hours. UTe area. $ II/hr. 858-
S58-7000 x391 (11/30) . 

Research Analyst required in San Diego. 
Market Res. & analysis for commercial 
& res. properties. Complex/high qual. 
reports. Emph. on hotels. Masters in Fin., 
Mrktg or reI. & 1 yr. expo Mail resumes to 
N. Stanger, Stanger Real Estate. 12674-
35 Carmel Country Roac!, SO, 92130. No 
calls pse. (1 1/ 30) 

Graduate Molecular Biologyl 
Immunology student needed to read 
and sort electronic bibliographic and 
patent records. Will meet with Project 
Leader at International Search Services 
Company to understand each set of cri-
teria. Estimated 2-4 hours per day. Call 
Steve Mitchell 858·592-9084. (11/20) 

CONDOS 
FOR SALE 

Close to UCSD 
BELOW MARKET PRICES· 
RENT Is DEAD MONEY 

WHY RENT? 
START OWNING 
Mark 858·349·1501 
frledmanmarkOearthllnk.net 

_w.markfrledmanhome •. com 

~CONDOKING 
52 Mo. for Leos 
53 Pitcher 
56 Banned insecticide 
57 Dribble catcher 
60 Time period 
61 Golf course group 
64 Parmted 
65 Finish out of the money 
66 land of the pharaohs 
67 Broad 
68 Urban blight 
69 Keyed up 

DOWN 
1 . NYPD alerts 
2 Bask 100 much 
3 Spoken 
4 PartofMO 
5 StJrpilssi"8 
6 Muff 

17 Actor Ely 
8 Dana of "Sarettl" 
9 God of the Hebrews 
10 Political roundttble group 
11 Final notice, briel1y 
12 Amess Sommer 
13 Act 
18 Injury showing discolorntion 
23 Crack shoIs 
24 Monsolian group 
25 O>inese appetizer 
26 Word with band or ring 
27 Adversary . 
28 1964 A.L Rookie 01 the Year 
29 Gee!< 
31 larser and deeper fiddle 
32 Fi. securely 
33 Oeor froSt 
36 Seepage 
40 Created anew 
43 Pack compactly 
47 Commits theft 
49 Begiming 
51 Actor Flynn 
53 Return to liquid 
54 Pueblo people 
55 Feh regret 
56 earpe _ 1 
57 _ Mawr College 
58 lime devils 
59 Eight bits 
62 Sch. in Tahlequah, OK 
63 Time period 

Find crossword & solutions at 
www . ...:sciglUJrdian.org/crossword 

FOR SALE 
UGG & Aussie Dogs sheepskin boots, 
shoes & slippers $100ff any item exclud· 
ing In-Line UGGs. Bootworld.com for 
locations. (11/30) 

WANTED 
UCSD Research study needs healthy vol-
unteers ages 12·30 for participation in 
3·year longitudinal study. Participation 
involves 6 visits, approximately 7 hours 
each. Participants receive $ 1 O.OO/hr. 
Each visit includes brief interview, com· 
puter and problem solving tasks, eye· 
blink reflex, brainwave tests. (619) 725· 
3518. (11/30) 

Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, or 
Korean descent, age 21 -26, ca ll 858-552-
8585 x5590. (11/30) 

SERVICES 
Criminal Attorney On Wheels -
Experienced DUI and misdemeanor 
attorney accommodates your busy 
schedule by personally meeting with 
you at the college, your work, etc. Free 
consultation. Flat, not hourly, fee. Leslie 
Fleming, Esq. 619·889-1509. (11/27) 

Pregnant or know someone who Is? You 
don't have to be alone. We want to help. 
Call our 24 hour confidential hotline at 
1-800·NO-ABORT or visit our website 
www.lifecall.org. (11/30) 

PERSONALS 
GUirdiln Movie Trivia Updlte: Heather 
apparently was hitchhiked across the 
galaxy enough to nail last week's quote. 
Let's see what challenge she throws 
down on Monday. (11 / 16) 

Master Crimlnai Series: a botched kid· 
napping attempt in Wichita, Kansas 
ended when one of the assailants stuck 
his gun back in his waistband and shot 
himself in the left testicle. (11 /16) 

OJ. Simpson's new book is entitled ' If 
I Did It' and speculates how he would 
have committed the murders of his ex-
wife and Ron Goldman ' if he were the 
one responsible.' When the Reader's 
Digest condensed version comes out, 
the title will be shortened to "I Did It: 
(11116) 

UCSD Landmarkers ROCK ... to be con· 
tinued. (11/16) 

ge 
Student Securities 

Sec:urlft9 your futur.. 

www.studentsecurities .c om 

WA&~JfILM ~~~~8~~~1.~ 
f · The Linguistics Department's E S T I VA L Heritage .Language Program offers classes In commUnication and 

cu~ure in five languages: Arabic, Filipino (Tagalog), Korean, Persian, and Vietnamese. 
These courses are intended for individuals who have grown up hearing or speaking 
these languages to some degree and who would like to improve their command of the 
language. To highlight this program, we will be showing a feature-Ienglh film in each 

Her~age language for the nexl several Saturdays. 

Dekada '70 
Iii filipino with [nsish sli:ltities) 

This 2002 film by director 
Chito S. Rono details the 
personal interrelationships 
in a middle-class family in 
Manila during the Marcos 

regime of the 1970's, particularly that of the mother and her 
oldest son, who becomes involved in the anti-Marcos political 
movement 

Saturday 
Nov. 18 

11:00 am 

All films will be shown in room 4301, Applied 
PhVSics & Mathematics Building (take main 
elevator to fourth floor, eK~ right first room on 
right), Muir College. Refreshments will be pro-
vided! Free parking in Lots 206, 207, and 208. 

.. 



. ,l 

. , 

14 SPORTS 

Expires 12/16/ 06. 

NO MSG • NO BONE' NO SKIN NO FRYING 

r:-------I 13razilia $1\j.n Care 1 1 
Fad_Is' Waxi"g • LaJn Hal, R""'OfJIJI ~ 1 1 

~ 1 15 ... -. cIicata 1 
UTe §I--------

4S4S La Jon. ViIJ.se Dr. ~ 1 1 
(Stc...JfI-_N.r"'-s) Ei 1 
San Diego, CA 92U2 f 1 1 

ONUNEBOOKINGS i:_ ~~~=-_~ __ I 
AVAILABLE ill 

www.braziliaskinarc.com g 1 : 
1- _'~.:-':~ __ I 

15 MIN. FREE FOR 
1 ST TIME CUSTOMERS 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 

SPECIALIZING IN PROBLEM CASES 
AND SENSITIVE SKIN 

Sa.raJ1nlcl.exAitder BY APPOINTMENT ONLY CAL.L. .88-388·3788 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, NOVfMBER 16, 2006 

Cohesion Will Dictate Tritons' Success 
• VETERANS, from page 1 6 
part of the team last year, they are 
very comfortable playing with each 
other. According to Jones, several 
players worked out and scrimmaged 
together over the summer. 

"They have a better feel for each 
other because of their summer 
workouts," Jones said. 

The team also knows Jones a lot 
better this season since it is her sec-
ond year coaching the Tritons. 

"We're used to our coach and 
how the 'program runs," Juster said. 
"We know to just go in, get our work 
in and leave." 

Jones believes that the team's 
main strength is its strong work 
ethic. 

"The players really like each 
other and enjoy playing together," 
she said. "At the same time, they 
work reaUy hard." 

Ricks noted the different 

strengths of individuals on the team 
as the team's overall strength. "I 
think this year's going to be a good 
year; Ricks said. "I think we'U do 
better than last year and conSidering 

have amazing 
rs, so if we play 

good defense, well 
win games. " 

- Alexis Mezzetta, 
Junior Forward 

how last year's team [performed], 
that's really good." 

Ricks transferred to UCSD from 
Orange Coast College and is one of 
a handful of promising new players 

on this Triton team. 
·We have a really good freshman 

class:' Mezzetta said. "They work 
really hard, pushing everyone in 
practice." 

Mezzetta believes that freshmen 
guard Kelsey Janusch and forward 
Erin Noonan have a chance to help 
the team this year. She also men-
tioned transfer students Ricks and 
junior guard Marla Mason as new 
players who may have an impact on 
the team this season. 

In addition to Chico State, Cal 
State Bakersfield and Cal State Los 
Angeles appear to be the Tritons' 
toughest competition in the confer-
ence. 

According to Mezzetta, defense 
is the ~ey to success for this year's 
team. 

"We have amazing scorers, so 
if we play good defense, we'U win 
games; she said. 

Patterson Registers Double-Double in Defeat 
• BASKETBALL, from page 1 6 
IS minutes, 30 seconds in the second 
half. After a layup by Torero senior 
forward Theo White, the University of 
San Diego began to apply a fulI·court 
press and trapping scheme that result-
ed immediately in a White steal and 
dunk. Over the next five minutes, the 
Toreros would go on a 19-11 run, with 
seven points from senior guard Ross 
DeRogatis, to tie and subsequently 
retake the lead with just over eight 
minutes left in the game. 

"Their constant pressure broke us 
down for a short stretch in the second 
half, and that little breakdown decided 
the game," Allard said. 

Though UCSD would never lead 
again, the team continued to battle 
after falling behind by seven points 
following DeRogatis' second three-
pointer of the half. 

UCSD benefited from a Patterson 

field goal and steal and an Allard 
three-pointer to get back with.in two 
before free-throws by Torero senior 
forward Nir Cohen, sophomore guard 
Brandon Johnson and DeRogatis 
sealed the victory. 

"I thougbt the way that Ross 
DeRogatis lifted his team in the sec-
ond half when they were down was 
impressive," Allard said. "The veter-
ans on this team, particularly myself, 
[junior guard] Andrew Hatch and 
Robby [Peters] could alI learn from 
that mindseC' 

DeRogatis finished with a game-
high 18 points while grabbing a team-
best four rebounds. Pomare, Cohen 
and Johnson also scored in double 
digits for the Toreros with IS. 14 and 
13 points, respectively. 

Peters led the Tritons with 17 
points, and sophomore forward Henry 
Patterson, an All-California Collegiate 

Athletic Association First Team mem-
ber last year in his first season of Triton 
basketball, contributed a 14-point, 11 -
rebound performance. Allard rounded 
O'Jt the Tritons in double digits with 
11 points, while adding a team-high 
three assists, while Lawley connected 
on four of his five field goal attempts 
for eight points off the bench. 

As a tearn. UCSD had a solid 
offensive night, shooting 45 percent 
from the field, including 60 percent 
from three-point range. The Tritons 
also held a 26-24_ rebounding edge 
over the Toreros for the game. 

UCSD will open the regular 
season against yet another Division 
I opponent, traveling to face cross-
town foe San Diego State University. 
The Tritons will then continue on 
the road, traveling to Phoenix, for 
a Nov. 20 matchup against Grand 
Canyon University. 

What IS law school? 
A place where convention is reinforced? 

Or more than that? 
A place to learn a broad repertoire of skills. 

A rigorous curriculum in a supportive environment. 
An intersection of theory and practice. 

Explore the full potential of the law 
in a school devoted to the big picture. 

CALIFORNIA WESTERN 
SCHOOL OF LAW I San Diego 

What law school ought to be. SAl 
J 

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDtAN 

Black Named CCAA Co-Coach of the Year 
~ PENSACOLA, from page 16 
Pensacola, Fla. 

·We're all super excited," senior cap-
tain and outside hitter Nicole Courtney 
said. ·We carne up short last year and 
this was our goal this season. We had 
a strong second half of the season, 
and we beat Cal State San Bernardino 
when we needed to:' 

Fresh off a second· place fm-
ish in California Collegiate Athletic 
Association play, UCSD traveled to 
San Bernardino for the opening round 
of the Pacific Regional Championship 
against Western Washington University, 
and advanced to the semifinals. 

Junior outside hitter Rebecca Bailey 
led the way for the Tritons with a sea-
son-high 24 kills, followed by the dou-
ble-double performances of Courtney 
and senior middle blocker Brianna 
Koche. 

The Tritons started off slow in 
game one but warmed up, taking the 
next three games. 

Cal State Los Angeles and UCSD 
split the season series with one win 
apiece, but neither game held as much 
meaning as the five-game thriller dur-
ing the Pacific Regional semifinals. 

The Tritons overcame losses in the 
second and third games to take the 
win, 30-23, 28-30, 23-30, 30·24, 15-8. 

· We were on the court and just said 
to one another that we would go down 
giving everything we had," Courtney 
said about being on the brink of elimi· 
nation. "There was a bit of senioritis 
on the floor with the four of us and we 
knew [Cal State Los Angeles 1 wouldn't 
just roU over." 

In the decisive fifth game, the 
Tritons performed like theyil been 
doing it all year. 

"The team was very coUected in 
that fifth game," Black said ·We started 
off strong and they made some errors. 
Weve trained a lot and we've played 
fifth games ... and that experience and 
confidence is invaluable:' 

Cal State Los Angeles was forced 
into a timeout down 5-1, and then 
Courtney put the Tritons ahead, 8-2. 
The Golden Eagles then scored three 
straight after the teams switched sides, 
pulling within three. Down 10-5 and 
coming out of its second timeout of 
the game, Cal State Los Angeles com-
mitted three errors, giving UCSD a 
dominant 13-5 lead. Courtney and 
Koche sent down the final two kills, 
giving the Tritons the berth in the 
Pacific Regional final. 

In the final, UCSD faced Cal State 
San Bernardino, one of the two teams 
that defeated the Tritons this season. 

"We knew Cal State San Bernardino 
was a good team and when we lost ear-
lier in the season it was totally on our 

ARASH KESHMIRIAN/GUARDIJIN 

Sophomore oWAde hilnr Casey Wilson and her /eam pushed UC'ID's win streak to 181m' a 26-2 
overall record, capturing the NO. 1 spot in the Weslmt region for the jirst time since 2001. 
side of the net," Courtney said. ·We 
had more fire in us than they did in the 
third matchup:' 

Not only did the Tritons have more 
fire, but also more ftrepower, as it 
dismantled the Coyotes 30-24, 30-23, 
20·30,30-28. 

In game one, neither team could 
gain a dear advantage early, but five 
straight scores, capped by a Bailey and 
senior setter Kristin Halvorsen block, 
drew the Tritons ahead. The lead grew 
to 18-12 on a Courtney kill, and Bailey 
and Schmidt finished game one 30-24 
for the Tritons with two kills. 

The Tritons kept the momentum, 
taking a 12-6 lead in game two. A pat-
tern emerged with the Tritons battling 
the Coyotes until Bailey and Courtney 
put down back-ta-back ki11s and fresh-
man middle blocker Sylvia Schmidt 
sent down the fmal one for a 30-23 
win. 

UCSD kept game three cIose,lead-
ing l1-lO early on. After nine total ties, 
Cal State San Bernardino took a 15-18 
lead, and eventualIy finished the game 
20·30. 

"We knew what our game plan was 
and we just dido·t execute in that third 
game," Black Said. "I wasn't concerned 
at aU. It was just a matter of reiterating 
how we won the first two games." 

The Tritons bounced back in the 
fourth game, scoring the first five. The 
Coyotes fought back, tying the game 
6-6. UCSD then went on a 14-8 run 
that put the team up 20-12 and in good 
position to take the title. 

But that's when Cal State San 
Bernardino showed why it held the 
then -fourth -place . ranking. The 
Coyotes slowly chipped away at the 

nine· point Triton lead before tying the 
game at 26-26. They took the lead after 
a kill, but Koche returned a kill of her 

, own, tying the game 27-27. 
After a Coyote service error, 

Halvorsen took the back line with game 
point riding on the serve. The serve 
cruised over with no doubt and the balI 
fell on the Cal State San Bernardino 
side after a joust at the net, sending the 
Tritons into a celebratory craze. 

"I was a little nervous [in the fourth 
game] just because of what it meant 
to [the] tearn; Courtney said. "But we 
were just there to play and we showed 
up and played and that's all that mat-
ters." 

The win ~nt the Tritons to 
Pensacola for the NCAA Division II 
National Championships to take on 
the winners of the other seven regional 
championships. It's the first time since 
200 I the team has made it this deep 
into the tournament. 

If this berth wasn't enough, the 
Tritons have been bestowed with 
numerous individual honors along 
the way. Head coach Tom Black was 
named the TachikaralAVCA Division 
II Pacific Region Coach of the Year and 
the CCAA Co-Coach of the Year . 

A1so, Courtney was named the 
CCAA Most Valuable Player and 
Koche and Bailey joined her on the 
All-CCAA First Team. Halvorsen 
was named to the All-CCAA Second 
Team. The four were joined by junior 
libero Natalie Facchini on the Pacific 
Regional all-tournament team. 

"1 was really surprised to get the 
honor but it is as much mine as it is 
the team's," Courtney said. "I never 
would've gotten it without them." 

UCSD Looks to Recapture Lost Crown 
• seRUM, from page 16 
Arizona State, a division rival, and 
they came through again, beating 
their rival 17-7. 

Fittingly, the Tritons ended up fac-
ing UC Berkeley in the finals. However, 

. this time - unlike the round robin 
game - the Tritons came out on top 
in the more important of the two 
games, scoring 24·7. 

According to Smith, the Tritons 
had the looked forward to a rematch 

against the Golden Bears. 
"I knew that if we did well on 

Sunday, we could face Ber1ceJey some-
time; Smith said 

The victory over Cal gave the 
Tritons much reason to be confident 
aboUt the season ahead. 

·We know what it takes to win.," 
Smith said ·We have to show up 
every weelcend and do what we did 
this weekend." 

After p1adng second in the divi-

sion last year - the first time in the 
past five years they did not come in 
firrst - the Tritons are eager to get the 
season roUing. 
• Smith admitted that the league 
would be quite competitive this sea-
son. 

"[Arizona State) and UCLA are 
extremely fast, but we have the advan-
tage because we have size; she said. 
"We have to be careful that the balI 
does not go out to their fast girls." 

Get ~ur MeAT Scores UP! Go to: www.stewarbned.org 

SPORTS 15 

---a-.g 
• Orthodontics . 

AFTER-six month.Ia,., 
l1li01 .. _ 

• Clear and "Remootable" Braces 
• Li1guaI (behind the teeth) Invisallgn 
• General and Cosmetic Dentistiy 

SCnIIghtteeth In 2 weeks with ~ 

5tnlghtt<Oll\. no_ 
• Oral St.rgery & Implants 
• TMJ Dysfunction 

Call today'n)Wl" FREE ortbodootic 
coruuItatioo and lam obout the 10_ techniques. 

Dental Auodates of La JoUa 8581552·8620 
WFJOUOPn«E AMERJCANOR't'HOOOfmCSOClBTY, ADA.CDAANDSOCDS 

4510 EJKuti .. On..... Suite 106 (near Uni",rsityTowne Centre) 
www.drgeorgedds.com 

Invisolign 
has ...... rded 
Dr. George 

Geor~i. 
fOf.hl. 
ecpot1lse 
1M flo. 

~nkedhim 
Imongthe 
topS'lloIn 
the Mtlan. 

( ~ I l' 11 r ,I lin!: ! (, \ l ' .1 r, ., t ... a Ii, II l· d 1'.\ lie II t s 

VentureForth 

Register @ 
www. VentureForth .org 

Students 
FlvCheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From Sin Diego to: 

51 Parll $395 

Deltv.r $202 $480 

StudentUniverse.com 



~ .. 16 
CONTACT TIlE EDITOR 

Danai Leininger 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

'fHE*GUARDIAN 

SPORTS 
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2006 ____ _ 

• HmCORNER NIcole Courtney 
Women's Volleyball 

The senior outside hitter earned the 
Calirornia Collegiate Athletic Association 
MVP award, leading her team with 338 
kiUs and 58 service aces on the season. 

Tritons Show Spark in Loss to usn Women's 
Rugby 

Leads Pack 
By Joe Tevelowitz 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

The UCSD men's basketball team 
continued its strong play against 
Division I opponents in it second 
and final exhibition game of the ea-
son, falling by a core of 74 -69 to the 
Univer ity of San Diego Toreros at the 
Jenny Craig Pavilion on Nov. 13. The 
game, a regular-season contest for the 
Toreros, left them with a 1-1 record 
on the season, while the Tritons ended 
their exhibition season at 0-2 after a 
62-51 loss at UC Santa Barbara two 
weeks prior. 

The Tritons showed their deter-
mination &ight from the start of the 
game, with 6-foot, 4-inch sophomore 
forward Shane Poppen outworking 
6-foot, 7 -inch Torero sophomore 
forward Gyno Porn are for the open-
ing tip. UCSD used that opening 
possession to begin the ball move-
ment and sharing its players would 
exhibit throughout the game, getting 
it inside to sophomore forward Henry 
Patterson for a layup. The Toreros 
responded with eight straight points, 
but UCSD demonstrated tremendous 
poi e and battled back with its own 1·2-
4 run, including two acrobatic layups 
by freshman guard Jordan Lawley 
- the second of which gave the squad 
its second lead of the game with just 
under 10 minutes left in the half. 

"The nc-.; players have stepped 
right in and already made an impact:' 
said junior guard Clint Allard, one 
of nine letter-winners returning from 
last year's squad and a veteran of the 
team, now in his third year. 

The Toreros responded again and 
built up an eight-point lead that would 
turn out to be their largest of the 
game. UCSD guard Robby Peters, the 
lone senior on this year's team, went 
on fire in the final nine minutes of the 
half as his five three-pointers brought 
UCSD back within striking range. His 
final shot from behind the arc beat the 
buzzer to give the Tritofls a 34-33 lead 
at the half. 

UCSD came out of the break 
with just as much focus, opening the 
second half like the first as Patterson 
took it inside for the opening two 
points of the period. The Tritons con-
tinued to methodically move the ball 
around and penetrate the lane, result-
ing in a seven-point advantage with 

[ BASKETBALL, page 14 ) 

ER IK JEPSEN/GUARDIAN 
Sophomore forward Henry Patterson led his team with 14 points in the Tritons' faceoff against the University of San Diego on Nov. 
13 . The match ended with the Toreros edging UCSD 74-69, dropping the Tritons' preseason record to 0-2. 

ByJoo Yoon 
STAFF WRITER 

The UCSD women's rugby team 
turned its annual Serum by the Sea 
tournament into a vicious display of 
dominance, trampling several con-
ference foes, including Arizona State 
University and UCLA. 

If the team's performance on Nov. 
4 and Nov. 5 was an accurate indica-
tion of the team's strength, the season 
outlook appears very bright. 

"I thought our main rival would 
be [UC] Santa Barbara, but they've 
dropped out this tourney and are in 
a rebuilding process," head coach 
Carla Smith said. "However, UCLA 
and [Ariwna State] have been looking 
really good." 

In its first two games, the teani 
completely dominated opponents 
Sacramento State and UC Davis, 
beating both handily, 32-0 and 20-
0, respectively. Senior outside center 
Monica Ziggler and sophomore inside 
center Julia Anderson we're seemingly 
unstoppable, as they scored multiple 
tries in both games. 

Smith was full of praise for the two 
players and the rest of the team. 

"Monica and Julia pretty much 
scored at will," Smith said. "Having 
said that, they don't play weU without 
the forwards .... They were one of the 
most aggressive packs I've seen since 
I've been here:' 

However, UCSD's last game during 
round robin play was a completely 
different story, as the team fell to UC 
Berkeley, 0-21, mainly due to fatigue. 

"We had a lot of dropped balls and 
weren't as sharp; senior captain and 
fly half Marea Blue said. 

Due to their otherwise excellent 
pe.rformance, the Tritons were given 
a chance in the playoffs the next day, 
and they faced UC Davis again in the 
q;..arterfinals. 

The Tritons were able to convert 
a kick off of a penalty and the team 
was able to scrape by UC Davis, 3-
0, in sudden-death overtime. The 
semifinals pitted the ~ritons against 

[SCRUM, page 15) 

Lady Tritons Earn Top 
Spot in Conference 

Women's Volleyball Brushes DjjWest 
Women's volleyball 
headed to NCAA 
quarterfinals at 
Florida's Emerald 
Coast on Nov. 16. 

By Janani 5ridhara 
STAFF WRI TE R 

With many returning players as 
well as notable new additions, the 
UCSD women's basketball team is 
looking to improve on last season's 
already impressive performance. 

"Our expectations are to win the 
conference championships, make it 
to the Elite Eight and Final Four and 
win the national championships:' 
junior guard Jillian Ricks said. 

While the team did not quite 
win a national championship, it did 
enjoy unexpected success last sea-
son under head coach Janell Jones' 
first year at UCSD. 

"Last year we weren't expected to 
win; we weren't ranked," junior cap-
tain and forward Alexis Mezzetta 
said. "All our good seniors had left, 
but we were motivated. Our coach 
motivated us to work hard and we 
had nothing to lose." 

Under Jones' guidance, the team 
po ted a 23 -5 overall record and a 
17-3 record in the conference, earn-
ing them second place in California 
Collegiate Athletic As ociation play. 

This season, the team is ranked 

---~~~------ -

first in its conference and 21 st over-
all. "We expect to be targeted now 
by other teams in the conference," 
senior captain and guard Leora 
Juster said. 

Last year's CCAA winner, Chico 
State, received more first -place votes 
than the Tritons, but Chico State 
also received a third -place vote, 
which contributed to jts second-
place CCAA ranking. 

Chico State looks to be UCSD's 
toughest competition in the confer-
ence this season, and the Tritons 
will face the Wildcats right out of 
the gate in the first conference game 
of the season on Dec. 2. 

"Chico's always re"Uy competi-
tive," Juster said. "It should be a 
good game." 

The Tritons will play Chico 
State after only two exhibition 
games against Biola University and 
Northwest Nazarene University. 

"Both of those teams run zone 
and [man to man] defenses, so we'll 
be able to work on both of our 
offenses in those games," Jones said. 

Since many of the players were 

[ VETERANS, page 14 1 

By Matt Croskey 
STAFF WRITER 

It's the best in the West. 
After 18 consecutive victories, the . 

last three in the NCAA Division II 
Pacific Regional Championship, the 
UCSD women's voUeyball team has 
established itself as the best team 
from the West with a 26-2 overall 
record and a new fourth-place rank-
ing. 

"[The girls] have a really good 
dynamic on and off the court; head 
coach Tom Black said. "They have the 
same values and it's one of [the] best 
tearns I've ever coached." 

After plowing its way through 
Western Washington University, No. 
23 Cal State Los Angeles and No. 
4 Cal State San Bernardino, UCSD 
advanced to the NCAA Division II 
quarterfinals against No.2 University 
of Minnesota-Duluth Nov. 16 in 

[ PENSACOLA, page 15 ] 

A.ASH KESHMIRIAN/CUAIIDIAN 
The NO.4 Tritons heod 10 1'InIocoIa, Jila. 011 Nav. 16 10 face off against No. 2llnivertitJ tf 
Minnesota-Duluth, which holds an impI:esIrive overall record of 30-3. 


