
SNARKING OUT ILLUSIONS OF THE INTERNET ~ OPINION, PAGE 5 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

Fox 'Unscripted' Visits Old 
Problems, New Solutions 

By Charles Nguyen 
NlW EDITOR 

In an event administrators billed as 
"unscripted;' Chancellor Marye Anne 
Fox's town hall meeting with students 
was mostly the opposite. While Fox 
fielded questions candidly from stu-
dents who attended the open meeting, 
mo t came from an organized effort to 
focus on environmental issues. 

The campus atmosphere was a 
main focus of attendees' questions. One 
speaker, a graduate student. said that 
architectural factors were to blame for 
the campus' thin social atmosphere. 

"UCSD i completely disassoci-
ated from its community;' he said. 

Vice Chancellor of Resource 
Management and Planning John A. 

GREG DAlE/GUJlRDIJlN 
Chance/lor Marye Anne Fox fielded questions 
about campus life during a town hall meeting. 

Woods answered by outlining plans 
that he said could . strengthen local 
ties with campus. 

One plan, Woods said, would estab-
lish a trolley stop on campus much like 
the newly created trolley Line that runs 
through San Diego State. The project 
- which Woods said would be sup-
ported through state and federal funds 
- is already a top priority for the state's 
public transportation agency. He esti-
mated the project to be completed by 
around 2012. 

In answering students' concerns 
regarding the lack of diversity on 
campus. Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs Joseph W. Watson prom-
ised results from his Undergraduate 
tudent Satisfaction Report that was 

commissioned to provide adminis-
trators an inside look into student 
life. After the report's release, Watson 
enJi ted several committees to discuss 
po sible way to improve undergrad-
uate life. So far, the committees have 
not relea ed any recommendations. 
and Watson offered no timeline for 
them to do so. 

The one-on-one interaction cre-
ated a few moments of levity. when 
students cautiously suggested that 
campus temperance was out of fash -
ion. In response, Watson answered 
glibly. "' am deeply shocked that stu-
dents are drinking on campus." 

A coalition of students posed ques-
tions to Fox regarding campus efforts 
to support "environmental justice." 
At one point in the meeting, students 
from the coalition all stood up in SUP" 
port of their agenda to, among other 
things rid all campus stores of apparel 
produced in sweat shops. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen at 
charles_nguyen@sbcgJobal.net. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

RDI 
THURSDAY, MAY 25,2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Number of Parking Citations flit High 

KAlA LAI /GUARD IAN 
The number of parking citations has risen lately with UCSD's new transportation director promising to reuamp campus parking policies. 

Lenient ticketing and 
parking violations spur 
new director to push 
stricter citation 
practices. 

By Alicia Coates 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Under the command of a new 
Transportation and Parking Services 
director, department workers are 
catching parking violators now more 
than ever. 

When T&PS Director Brian 
D'Autremont came to UCSD from 

UCLA in November, he said he saw 
many holes in the parking system, 
including a high tolerance for parking 
violations. That led to several prob-
lems, including repeated instances of 
patients at Hillcre t Medical Center 
not being able to park becau e com-
muters were illegally taking their 
spots, D'Autremont said. 

"People were just not issuing tick-
ets; he said. 

Although he offered no exact 
numbers, D'Autremont said the num-
ber of total citations by the depart-
ment has increased since February. 
The department's concentration on 
areas such as Hillcrest inflated the 

figure, but were needed to ensure 
that legally paying customers could 
had spaces, he said. 

"I know the officers are being 
aggre ive in thi pursuit, and I think 
it is warranted;' D'Autremont stated 
in an e-mail. "The levels of tickets 
have increased, and 0 have empty 
paces, e pecially on meters:' 

A former T&PS employee, who 
worked at the department for several 
decades, said that an incentive-based 
pay system was the main cau e for the 
increase in the number of tickets. 

The source, who requested to 

l PARKING, page 2 I 

Campus Housing, Dining Digs Fiscal Hole With Energy Use COLLEGE 
COUNCILS CRY 

FOUL OVER 
BUDGET 

By Grace Wu 
STAFF WRITER 

Campus officials' underestima-
tion of energy prices in campus 
dorms and dining halls has put 
Housing and Dining Services in 
hundred of thousands of dollars 
in debt. 

This fiscal year, the depart -
ment is approximately $240,000 
over its planned utilities bud -
get, according to H&DS Director 
Mark Cunningham. The overrun 
is unusual, he said, conSidering 
that the statistical models used to 
estimate energy use are typically 
precise. 

"Through March 2006, we were 
approximately 17.2 percent over 
our planned budget, which is the 
first time we've seen such a large 
variance in at least a decade or 
more," Cunningham stated in an 
e-mail. 

While the exact magnitude 

of the overage cost will remain 
unknown until this summer, 
Cunningham said he believes that 
it will still remain close to the cur-
rent estimate. 

The reason for such a large 
increase in utilities bill has more to 
do with national issues than situa-
tions on campus, Cunnigham said. 

"Housing and Dining are sub-
ject to the same world, national, 
state and local influences as every-
one else," Cunningham stated. "The 
impacts of things like war, hur-
ricanes, bad winters in the East, 
and supply limitations all drive up 
costs ." 

At the same time, however, 
H&DS is trying to lower campus 
energy use by promoting environ-
mental programs for residents, 
such as the Major Planet campaign. 
Some steps H&DS has already 
taken to promote an environmen-
tally sound lifestyle include placing 
stickers on light switches to remind 

Campus dorms and facilities such as Cafe Ventanas have been using so much energy that Housing 
and Dining Seroices has gone over its budget, which could mean higher costs next year. 

residents to turn off lights, install-
ing low-flow toilets and shower 
heads and recycling old refrigera-
tors and ranges. 

The campus department is also 
implementing some energy-effi-
cient steps at dining halls to reduce 
energy use. 

Eleanor Roosevelt College fresh -
man Allison May said that her suite 
and she rarely think about energy 
use. 

May said she does not always 
turn off the lights when she leaves 

[ HOUSING, page 3 ] 

By Dora Sclleid/irlger 
STAFF WR ITER 

Weeks into budget negotiations, 
A.S. President Harry Khanna has 
received the most protest from col -
lege councils. which took offense to 
Khanna's plan to downsize the fund-
ing for college-specific events. 

During budget negotiations, 
council members proposed or made 
a few reallocations, and Khanna said 
that overall he felt optimistic about 
the talks. 

"This budget has been very well 
received;' he said. 

However, Khanna's transfer of 

[ BUDGET, page 3 J 

INSIDE WEATHER 

Third Time's a Charm Twin Triumphs New Business ......................... 3 Editorials .................. .... ............ 4 May2S May 26 
The Last Stand' lives up to its hype, with 
more amazing mutant action than ever. 
.... 6 

Womenl troclc andfield coach Tony Salerno piclced up 
his second trophy this season for coach of the year. 
,..12 

Column .. .... .. ........ ... .............. ... 5 
Album Reviews ...................... 7 
Classifieds ............................. 10 
Crossword ............................. 10 

H69 L60 H66L59 

May 27 May 28 
H65 L58 H66L!i8 



2 NEWS 

SUNGOD & TRITON 

CURRENTS -------:--
UC Irvine Creates 

New Stem Cell Lines 
A UC Irvine team under the 

guida nce of neurobiologist Hans 
Keirstead will generate five new 
stem cell lines to be used in 
research and treatment for sev-
eral inju ries and illnesses inc lud-
ing spina l-cord injury, diabetes, 
va riou s forms of cancer and 
Parkinson's disease. 

The lines will be developed 
through excess embryos - both 

healthy and genetically abnormal 
- donated by couples under-
go ing fertility treatment at West 
Coast Fertility Centers in Orange 
County, Ca li f. 

Donations will only be made 
under the approved consent of 
donor couples and will be con-
ducted under policies approved 
by a stem cell oversight commit-
tee establi shed at UC Irvine. 

Once the lines are established, 
the team will make them avail-
able to scientists worldwide free 
of charge. 

Director Contests Ex-Employee's 
Claims of Department Immorality 

~ PARK[NG, from page 1 
remain anonymoUli because of possible 
repercussions, said that the depart-
ment's program rewards employees 
with higher atation rates through 
prizes such as iPods. The source said 
he feared that officers now face incen-
tive to issue "bogus tickets." 

"It opens the system up for corrup· 
tion to do whatever it takes to ticket, 
ticket, ticket at the expense of the pub-
lic;' the source said. 

However, the Service and 
Teamwork Award Recognition pro· 
gram has been used for several years 
and implemented across numerous 
departments, D'Autremont staled. 

According ' to several campus 
department Web sites, including T&PS, 
reward· based systems are used to rec-
ogn ize employees that excel in certain 
areas. [n his department, D'Autremont 
said he nominates employees for priz· 
es based on several factors, includ· 
ing low appeal rates and efficiency. 

That nomination goes into a pool with 
those of other employees, where a ran-
dom drawing decides which employee 
receives a prize. 

While O'Autremont said he 
"encouraged" citations to be written in 
certain areas, as long as the violations 
were apparant. he attributed the accu· 
sations to an former employee upset 
with the department's new leadership. 

The new director said he is aiming 
to add services and features to campus 
parking in order to find a balance 
between the lack of student spots and 
the citations for illegal parking. 

"The primary complaint I hear is 
that 'there were no legitimate places 
for me to park;' D'lI.utremont stated in 
an e-mail. "When we review the area 
and fmd many illegal parken, [ must 
conclude the complaint is valid." 

Readers can contact Alicia Coates at 
acoates@ucsd.edu. 

Four years of studying 
16 months of worry time 

400 Ibs of books 
1 hard drive, 1 broken heart 
5 super size bottles of aspirin 

2 months worth of sleepless nights (studying) 
Countless numbers of sleepless nights (not studying) 

More cold pizza than you will have 
for the rest of your life, 

and now you're supposed to put your 
best face forward as you step into the future ••• 

Does that face have glasses on it? 
You've earned it... 

get LASIK! 
UCSD SHILEY EYE CENTER 
David Schanzlin. M.D. 

HAVE YOUR 
PROCEDURE BEFORE 

THE SEMESTER ENDS & 
SAVE $300! 

877.921. EYES Q" ShileyLasik.com 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Want to be heardl 

FREE Truck to Move Inl 
• Plan Ahead-Reserve Nowl 
• No Security Deposit • Friendly Staff 
• Call for Guaranteed Reservation with 

Credit Card ............. .,.t ....... ... 
,.. --------------------. 

: 1 MONTH : 
: FREE!*: 
I for UCSD Itudem., fHulty a at8ff I I .wltll payment of 2 montll • . PI __ pr ... nt coupon. I 
I Subject to term •• nd ... II..,.lIty. Exp. 7/31/08 I 
--------------------

THURSDAY, MAY 25, 2006 

VIodimi, Kopn AIMiIIIoI-
Ian S. POr1 

C ....... Nguyen 
--MIII'- M<Ardle ~-.... 
~- 0pI0I000 ..... 

Ho_c.mp -d..o,w--
.... ""..., 

.... -
OoNIloilllnge' ~ .... -

CIIIIoIiooohe 
--Moo.-r.doN 
----c.lrl. Noboors ....... 

Chri ..... CIor1r --.... -. Coetle_ 

Billy \\\Ins 
--Ale .. nde, V.rood A-'* ........ 

Mdrew Nguyen DeoIp"'" 
Riley SaI.nH'o"c. Nt _ 

--
"'"hewl'_ 

Rich>rd Oloi, N"'3:. =-. Wendy 5IHeu, 
lIt.kollt!dl._WII ... 

Nini 8u~ Chrii~~~Mendou. 
Ned> Oreby. AI .. _Young 

Kothe_ M<CIII 
---.. Mlch.el _. AMIIIoIoIMIIoop< 
~TIII ...... ~-.. 

Vince GiamtiI'ICI ~ ..... .. 

--

~AIt_ 

tosh Roo< ...... 

--
T .... IIodIIII,K/roIoIartl. 

AM .... II ....... ...,... 
Coors- C/IerI, ..a.... Choi 

..... 
T .... loch ... CaltrCIIIJ T_ 01 ... 

The UCSD Glmdl.n I. ,.bli.1ted IIIondiJ' 
one! Th ...... y. du,iftS the oudemic ,.., by UCSO ,tu_ ,_ lOt \lie UCiD «Im_nily. 
K"II'oductiOll 01 thll MWIpIIII!f III any form. 
....... , in .... Of" ""' ...... permiuion I. SI!¥.:5 0 _ ....... menoed. 
The ClUrdIIol I. not ....... bIe 10' tho 
mum ...,;iclt ....... UK ..... trt. The views 
~:::~"g'~:=.r 
: Clilfomi. 0' Associited !Iudent •. The ucs~ 
CW/d;,n i. funded solely by odworti.inS. The lint 
cut I. the deepest. 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
ediIOl@ucsdSum1i;ul.otg 

-= &5)4.5226, newsJ~."'8 
focu. &SJ4.S226, iutureJ@uail&"'fdiln.org 
Hi.M: 8S8-SJoHMl. hrIIus~.org 

1:nion:&SJ4.6S&2, ~;'n.org : &SJ4.6S&2, spon,liuadtpiMdion."'8 o:&5J4.6S&2,phot~..org 
A~nising: 858-534-3466 
adS@ucsdsu.rr/ian.org 

Fax: 858-534-7691 

rfoo Son ONto SoH sr..ooo-~ 

10531 Sorren~~ey Rd. 
asa 41300800 

,,1/, 
~~ •• den ~ •••• n •• e 

'.L' .'O.A •• 
rfooSonONtoSoH""",-_ 

10345 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
asa 411-1001 

" I I, ~Gi ••• Mle .. ~'.l"'O.A •• ~ 
tit. Son Ofeeo s.I' sror.p-COfftPM, 
7044 Flanders 

81a41MS11 
"II, 
:r, ••• enf. 
....-Me •• 

•• L. "O.AO. ~ 
rfoo Son Coop WI "",--_ 

6690 Mira Mesa Blvd. 
81841 ... 100 

THURSDAY, MAy 25, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Senators Shqw Parliamentary 
Procedure In (In)Action 

Khanna's J3udget Draws Few Criticisms 

W bat began as a promising sex- and booze-themed A.S. Council meeting 
quickly fizzled into a comically tense 
environment after frustrations over-
adapting to parliamentary procedures 
gripped the new, fresh-faced student 
council. 

Both the special presentation 
from the Office of Sexual Harassment 
Prevention and Policy and the ·council 

what. so you may as well have them 
drunk at the athletic games,~ Khanpa 
said with a laugh. 

Returning to sexual harassment, 
Commissioner of Student Advocacy 
Tnvia SiIYa began a discussion to 
determine the councils penpective on 
extending the university's jurisdiction 
to take administrative action for viola-
tions of conduct rules that occur off 
campus. Accordirlg to Silva, a federal 

mandate requires 

'New 
Business 

that the university 
handle comp1aints 
of sexual harass-
ment, assault and 
battery that involve 

caucus" regarding 
the university's 
jurisdiction in 
prosecuting sexual 
offenses took the 
spotlight of the 
meeting, thotigh 
all the sex talk did 
nothing to lessen 

Matt L'Heureux UCSD students 
mlheureu@ucsd.edu regardless of loca-

tion, but there is 
the building friction as the new group 
acclimated to their traditional policy 
and each other. 

OSHPP Associate Director Carol 
Rosns put on a presentation about 
sexual harassment and assault, listing 
both the traditional and nontraditional 
ways in which one person can sexuaJJy 
harass another. 

debate as to whether this should also 
extend to offenses against property 
and those committed against non-UC 
students. While there were a few dis-
senting voices who saw the topic in a 
different light, a seeming majority of 
the council was not in favor of extend-
ing the university's authority to delve 
further into off-campus affain. 

Although council productivity held 
throughout the caucus, things seemed 
to fall apart during "new business~ and 
an attempt to change a typographical 
error. 

• BUDGET, from page 1 
money from individual college 
councils to campuswide organiza-
tions has created friction. 

But by giving more money 
directly to the student organiza-
lions, Khanna said he hopes to 
bypass what he called a lengthy 
and inconsistent process that filters 
money to student organizations 
through the college councils. 

Vice President Finance Conrad 
Ohashi has expressed strong sup-
port for Kbanna's budget, especial-
ly in bis restructuring of how the 
six college councils are funded. 

Other senators also supported 
the plan, though some said a full-
scale move away from funding col-
lege councils would be unwise. 

"We need to wean ourselves 
off this system of funding; Earl 
Warren College Junior Senator 
Daniel Palay stated in an e-mail to 
the council. 

Palay added that he hopes that 
the council passes the budget in a 
version close to the plan's current 
state. 

"As it stands, the budget is a 
very strong step by A.S. to expand 
its role on this campus and follow 
the recommendations of the USES 
report," Palay stated in an e-mail. 

"I hope that it passes in a form 
very close to its current one, given 
all of the work and commentary 
from students and organizations 
throughout the campus." 

[n addition, some senators 
have expressed reservations, espe-
cially concerning college-spe-
cific events such as Thurgood 
Marshall College's annual Cultural 
Celebration. 

Critics have questioned tbe 
event's signifiance for CUffent stu-
dents, because the event is hl)sted 
on Admit Day. 

This year, Khanna proposed 
a budget cut of $3,000 from the 
event, which he labeled as "Marshall 
College Celebration." The council 
budgeted $7,000 to the program 
last year. 

Former Marshall councilmem-
bers protested the proposal, with 
former Marshall Jun ior Senator 
Jason M. Hoskins saying that he 
was "very dissapointed" in Khanna's 
budget. 

"I certainly hope no other event 
is being funded more than $4,000," 
he stated in an e-mail to the A.S. 
Council. 

Another significant change in 
the budget was the creation of sti-
pends for workers in A.S. Council 

departments such as enterprise 
operations. Khanna also reinsti-
tuted stipends for student workers 
in student services such as SRTV 
removed by former A.S. President 
Christopher Sweeten last year. 

Former A.S. presidential can -
didate and Earl Warren College 
ssenior Daniel Walts promised to 
cut stipends in his two unsuccess-
ful campaigns for the the post. 

Watts' sentiment was mirrored 
by other councilmembers who said 
financial gain should not be a fac-
tor in a council position . . 

"There are a lot of organizations 
on this caJ}lpus that work extreme-
ly hard and don't get monetary 
compensatio n," Marshall Co llege 
Freshman Senator Lana Blank said. 
" I understand why stipends exist, 
but I would rather see that money 
to somewhere else:' 

However, Khanna argued that 
everybody who has spent a serious 
amount of time in student govern-
ment comes to realize the impor-
tance of ; tipends, and maintained 
that they promote a professional 
work ethic and a high level of com-
mitment. 

Readers can contact Dora Scheidlinger 
at dscheidl@ucsd.edu. 

After the presentation had finished, 
A.S. President Harry Khanna reported 
several developments in campus issues 
after a meeting with Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs Joseph W. Watton 
- most notably that the Student-Run 
Television station, which has been 
down for months, is finally back on 
the air. However, he added, the UC 
Office of the President is still reviewing 
the problem-ridden "acceptable use 
policy" for Triton Cable, which has 
been called the bane of the station's 
existence since it was first proposed. 

Changing "Virginia, California" to 
"Williamsburg. Virginia" took a whop-
ping eight minutes, with growingly 
frustrated councilmembers sighing, 
roDing their eyes and exchanging irri-
tated glances with one another. Though 
it didn't take that long to ultimately 
resolve the issue, it does raise the ques-
tion of how the councHmembers will 
react to each other with next week's 
approval of the 2006·07 budget and 
promise of the iongest meeting of the 
year:' Perhaps if said budget is carefuJly 
proofread. everyone will be able to 
hold out just a little bit longer. 

Next Year's Residents Will Pay for Deficit 

Regarding the proposal to allow 
alcohol at Triton athletic events, 
Khanna said that Watson is still 
opposed to the idea, but that he was 
going to continue to push the issue. 

·They're gonna drink no matter 

~ HOUSING, from page 1 
her room or the bathroom. Unlike 
living with her parents, she does not 
make a conscious effort to conserve 
energy because she does not see the 
utilities biU living on campus. 

"It's not something [ think 
about," May said. 

The main lights are often left on 
all night in dprms and on-campus 
apartments, Cunningham said, and 
added that more focus on energy 

Do you have a hectic schedule? Maybe private 
tutoring is for you!! If you're interested in working 
one-on-one, call today. We have excellent 
private tutoring packages available! 

Courses for the 
September 30th LSAT begin: 

June 24th 
July 15th 

August 12th 

Sign up before June 2nd and 
receive S J 00 off" 

Call now to register! 
800-2Review - Princeton Review .com 

LSAT II I ... llte •• d tride,.,.. of the Law School Admlilion Council 
(LSAC). 'th. PrincetOD amew IDd 'the PrincetOD aevlew IOJO In: 
tndrmarlu for The Princeton Rmew. 'nco 1M ""ncetoD Reriew, Inc. II 
not llIiIlot.d with PrincetoD Unlvc .. lty. 

efficiency could solve many of the 
department's budget burdens. 

People who move off campus 
will not be affected by the utilities 
budget deficit this year, but next 
year's on-campus residents will be 
charged with higher living expens-
es to pay the difference. 

"Costs of energy always go 
up every year and those costs all 
fall back 'on the residents to pay," 
Cunningh3JT! stated. "This is an 

issue for the entire calT' pus." 
According to Cunningham, the 

months of May and June always 
result in lower energy use because 
of the weather. 

"Hopefully, we will return to a 
reasonable increase next year and 
all will get back on course as far as 
utility costs," Cunningham stated. 

Readers can contact Grace Wu at 
gmwu@ucsd.edu. 

thursday 

•• THE HILLS HAVE EYES 

7pm & 10pm • $3 

. ., 

6pm & 9pm • $3 



... ~ 

THE, ·f'GUARDIAN 
~ 

4 ~ on businesses that hire or solicit illegal 
workers. 

CO TACT THE EDITOR 
Marianne Madden 

opiniotl@14 csdguardian.org OPINION 
~ Props to the Senate (or calling (or . implementation o( tougher penalties 

opponunity for dialogue and not asking ... 
Flops to students (or squandering an fJJ 

Chancellor Marye Anne Fox any tough 
questions at the May 22 town tall. 

EDITORIALS 
Khanna's Budget Proposal 
Would Codify Status Quo 
Tradition is a guide, not a jailer:' English playwright and novelist W. Somerset Maugham is famously quoted as" saying. 
A.S. President Harry Khanna hand, would not, because it 
would be wise to listen to him. began only a few years ago. 

Under Khanna's proposed In effect, a tradition event's 
executive budget, tradition would budget line item simply codifi~s 
lock away approximately $72,000 the status quo, allOWIng deCl-
for so-called "tradition events; sions made a decade ago to con-
like the annual college festivals. strain today's choices. 
Apart from the obvious problem While using an e~ent's p.ast 
_ that no Sixth College event turnout as one factor In funding 
would be eligible for the money, decisions is legitimate, this board 
because the college hasn't been firmly opposes carving out pro-
around long enough tected funds 
- the idea raises OLD TRADI'nONS for tradition's 
another fundamen - sake; requir-
tal que tion: Should ing a rigorous 
history dictate fund- • History is a poor guide annual rev~ew 
ing decisions? for campus-event funding and forcmg 

As defined in the allocations. old events 
proposal, tradition to compete 
events are those that have existed against new ones assures that 
for at least 10 years, and have student money is spent on the 
consistently attracted at least best of the best. 
300 people each year. T hurgood When he ran for president, 
Marshall College's C ultural Khanna promised to revamp the 
Celebration would qualify - arduous funding- request pro-
even though mo t of the attend- cess for all student organizations. 
ees are new ad mits and their par- Instead of doing that, his cur-
ents , not the students footing the rent proposal simply attempts to 
bill. Rock 'N' Roosevelt, a popu- exempt a category of events from 
lar concert hosted by Eleanor the headaches, leaving the under-
Roosevelt College, on the other lying problems unaddressed. 

The Government Taxes 
Students to Help the Rich 
I n justifying trimming federal student loans by billions of dollars earlier this year, Cap~tol Hill Republicans pointed to a balloomng 
nat ional debt. However. the deti - stood that the alternative was 
cit didn't appear to stop them last paying off a different debt down 
week, when President George the line - one of the national 
W. Bush approved the extension variety. The same pragmatism, 
of lower taxes for capital gains however, is absent in the gov-
and dividends; essentially, tax ernment's current tax policy. 
cuts for the wealthy. Despite the mathematical acro-

The juxtaposition of the two batics used to show that tax cuts 
issues is striking: I n general, would not increase the nation's 
most agree that wider access deficit, there is no doubt that the 
to higher education and lower bill signed by Bush will widen 
taxes contrib- the gap between 
ute to economic 5 the govern -
growth . Indeed, FUZZY NUMBER ment's revenue 
ever y argument and expendi -
used to justify • For students stnJB8Iing tures. Though 
extending the with debt, the newest tax low taxes may 
tax cuts applies cuts don't add up. boost the econ-
equally well to omy now, higher 
fi nancial aid and explains why it interest rates that accompany 
makes economic sense to keep growing debt will hurt the econ-
interest on student loans low. omy for years to come. 

When the finan cial aid bill For students, who are now 
moved through Congress, th is preparing for July's big jump in 
board urged lawmakers to take loan interest rates, this short-
a pragmatic stance. Though we sighted sellout looks especially 
knew that higher interest rates disgraceful. A nation that can-
on loans would hurt students in not afford financial aid certainly 
the short-term, we also under- cannot afford more tax cuts. 

THE "', GuARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 

Vladimir Kogan 
MANAGING ED ITOR 

Ian S. Pori 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Grallt Schrader ~ 
EDITOR IN CHIEF 

, Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
OPINION EDITOR 

The UCSD Guardian is publ ished twic~ a week at the University of 
California at San Diego. Conlenls iI:l 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the majorily vote of {he editorial board and are nOI necessarily those of the 

UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

THURSDAY. MAY 25. 2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Riley Salant-Pearce 
GEE DICK I SURE 00 LOVE READING TH£ NEWS, 

GLOaAL WARMING ANO HIGH GAS PRICES, 
WOW, ~_ ... ~E TUE PRESIDENT OF ~Iq. IS.. 
STOC1< ENJV'II"" ... In "IGHTI 

00141 I MADE JESSICA SIMPSON'S TOP .. . 

How the Palestinian Advocates 
Intelligently Design Each D·ebate 

By David Cerutti 
STAFF WRI TE R 

W hether it's A.I.D.S. lkcpti -cism or Holocaust denial. anti -environmentalism or 
belief in a 6,Ooo-year biblical his-
tory of Earth. anti -intellectual fac-
tions often make use of the same 
argumentative techniques. Nearly all 
of them are fronts for much larger 
interest groups, designed to evan -
geli7.e coarse, even bigoted ideas to 
universiry students and the nation's 
intelligentsia. 

The ideas may be worthless, but-
the tactics employed by such groups 
are worth pointing out so that future 
charlatans and snake oil salesmen 
will lead harder, more brutish lives. 
As disparate as they sound, two such 
groups, intelligent-design advocates 
and Palestinian apologists, share 
much in common. 

Intelligent deSign, a thinly veiled 
offshoot of Christian creationism, has 
been in the news a lot lately, due to a 
federal court hearing in Dover, Penn. 
Its purpose is to provide political cover 
for creationists of various stripes as 
they try to supplant science education 
with religious indoctrination. 

Palestinian apologists, veiled or 
not, perennially take up Library Walk 
(as they did on May IS) to propound 
Ihe misdeeds of Israel. Their purpose 
is to dislodge American public sup-
port for the Jewi sh state, and ulti-
mately to supplant the state with an 
Islamist one. 

Both movements begin their 
pitch with an unfounded eguivoca-
tion of their position and the estab-
lished one. Proponents of intelligent 
design portray evolutionary biology 
as a scientific field at an impasse, 
filled with boring and bewildering 
theories, while offering intelligent 
design as a tantalizing alternative. 
Publicly, they would offer that both 
are valid alternatives for scientists 
to consider. Palestinian apologists 
portray Israel as a fat, ruthless state 
propped I!P by American aid while 
depicting Palestinians as a gigantic 
refugee population displaced from its 
homeland. To moderate their posi-
tion, they argue that both nations are 
worthy of a hearing in the court of 
international justice. 

Privately. each movement sees its 
own side as the legitimate one, while 
evolution or Israel is the usurper. 
Once any sort of dialogue is estab-
lished, the veil of moderation drops 

and equivocation transforms into 
direct accusation. 

Once the notion of a legitimate 
and vigorous debate is established, 
both Palestinian apologists and intel-
ligent-deSign advocates blitz their 
audiences with overarching philo-
sophical notions and incremental 
distortions of fact. Intelligent-design 
advocates might begin by pontificat-
ing about the nature of science or 
engaging in Socratic dialogues about 
the "design inference.- A1temati'<'ely, 
they might caricatUre bacterial flagel-
la. mustering as many deep breaths 
and raised eyebrows as possible. 
Palestinian apologists often place 
imagery of old women in tents and 
words such as "human rights" or "ref-

The claim of 
intelligent -design 

advocates that their 
ideas are1nonreligiol!S 

have b\cssoming careers in biomedi-
cal science if only the Darwinists 
would allow them to express their 
ideas in scientific literature and' the 
mainstream media. 

Underneath these claims lie 
appalling motivations. The need to 
retain victim status prevents both 
ibtelligent-design "theorists- and 
Palestinian "authorit( from produc-
ing anything of value. Neither group 
could bear the responsibility. whether 
to conduct real science experiments 
or to govern a real nation, were its 
victim status ever removed. 

The leaders of the intelligent-
design movement and the Palestinian 
authorities have thus declined gener-
ous offers of aid, regardless of how 
badly it was needed. Between 1994 
and 2002, the Templeton Foundation 
gave hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars to fund universiry courses and 
research on intelligent design, but 
gave up after receiving no specific 
research proposals. As Harvard law 
professor Alan DershowiU disCusses 
in "The Case for Israel; Israeli hospi-

ta�s have made offers to treat injured 
because 'the designer Palestinian victims of the ongoing 

. , violence that are often rejected. 
could be space aliens In the most advanced argumen-

• . ,....... tative stages, both intelligent -design 
IS about as smcere . advocates and Palestinian apologists 
as Hamas' recent 

overtures to the Israeli 
Jewish population?' 

ugees" in blood-red lettering at the 
center of their posters. They might 
also delve into statistics about the 
number of Palestinians killed in some 
connection to Israeli military opera-
tions. or present accounts of houses 
being demolished by Israeli bulldoz-
ers. With either group, when one 
angle fails to provide a fruitful line of 
conversation. the other is taken. 

In the grandest sense. the daims 
of both groups are false_ The claim of 
intelligent-design advocates that their 
ideas are nonreligious because "the 
designer could be space aliens- is about 
as sincere as Hamas' recent overtures 
to the Israeli Jewish population. 

The next stage of argumentation 
for each group is to secure "victim" 
status. Palestinians would live happy 
lives as bakers. farmers and moth-
ers if only the Zionists would allow 
them to return to their homeland . 
Intelligent-design theorists would 

have learned to exploit their oppo-
nents' internal debates. Harvard biol-
ogist Stephen Jay Gould once entreat-
ed textbook publishers to remove 
Ernst Haeckel's embryo drawings 
from any page. regardless of the fact 
that they were not being used as evi-
dence for evolution in embryology. 
Jonathan Wells, author of the popular 
intelligent-design volume "Icons of 
Evolution," construed Gould's appeal 
as evidence for his conspiracy theo-
ries about biologists suppressing the 
truth in classrooms. Likewise, some 
Jews have criticized portions ofIsraeli 
policy, such as in 1982 when Thomas 
Friedman declared Israel's shelling of 
West Beirut -indiscriminate." Surely. 
Palestinian apologists contend, the 
fact that Jews - even Israeli citizens 
- would criticize their government 
vindicates the Palestinian case. 

The fact that intelligent -design 
advocates and apologists speak unan-
imously while their opponents may 
have varying opinions makes a clear 
case for science. Science admits con-
troversies and sometimes entertains 
mistakm notions. but overall better 

[ ADW>CATtS, page 5 I J ' 

THURSDAV, MAV 25, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

The MySpace Generation: 40 Million Morons Strong 
T he wretched puddle of a net-working Web site. MySpace. has been in the news a 
lot lately. Get wind of th ,s - the 
news reports that kids are bypass-
ing their school's Web filters, which 
block MySpacei And the popular-
ity of MySpace - 40 miUion users 
and counting. gee goUy! - shows 
that kids use the Internet ... a lot! 
MySpace got many other write-ups 

The main reason is that most of 
my friends aren't prepubescent 
scenesters from the Midwest, so I 
have trouble relating to the average 
MySpace user. And secondly, when 
I do poke around on MySpace, my 
eyes and ears tend to start bleeding 
simultaneously. I'd rather read Cat 
Fancy magazine while being hit on 
the head with a brick, thanks very 
much. 

too, but I can't be --'!1111 __ --------bothered to look Jou rnal i sIS extolling I he 
neato-factor of 
"the MySpace 
generation " 
obviously do not 
comprehend the 
full awfulness of 
the site. Sure, in 

them up. 
Or, rather, 

their mere exis-
tence sickens me. 

Indecent 
Exposure 

Want to know 
why MySpace is a 
crappy idea? 

1VI~,ro:>r'n ... Madden 

It's primarily because users can 
customize their profiles to be as ugly 
and unreadable as Ihey apparently 
want them to be. Want a red-on-
pink layout? Sure. you got it! Want 
your text to be 24-point Papyrus? 
We're on it! Want to embed a MIDI 
ftle of Vanessa Carlton on your page? 
HeUs fucking yeah! That won't make 
proftle visitors violently mash the 
"mute all" button on Iheir computer 
at all! 

There is a reason why success-
ful Web designers only make up 
a select portion of the population. 
Most people have the design sense 
of half of a dead swan (or, on a good 
day, a half-dead swan). 

Secondly, MySpace is a crappy 
idea because it appeals to 13-year-
old scenesters, attention whores, 
pedophile bait and generally just 
really annoying people who have 
nothing interesting to say. Call me 
old-fashioned, bUI if you are vapid, 
please keep it 10 yourself. Posting 
your thoughts on the Internet doesn't 
make them any more interesting. 
valid or worth reading. 

I admit, I don't spend much 
time surfing MySpace profiles. 

theory, iI's great. Let's give Miss Fat 
Texan or Mr. Lacks Social Skills a 
window into the world! In practice, 
however. it has no social value. 

The best thing about the Internet 
is that we all had such lofty ideas 
about how it could be used . Hell, 
some of us - those who haven't seen 
MySpace - might still. 

Behold, the Internet! A vast 
repository for information and 
entertainment; a low-cost way for 
anyone to communicate with anyone 
else, physical location be damned; a 
great way to shop, to be entertained, 
to learn something. 

Yet in practice, we get utter crap 
like MySpace, which lets Miss Fat 
Texan tell the world about her baby 
(no one cares). Miss Scenester tell 
the world about her new haircut 
(i t's ugly, plus no one cares) or 
Mr. Lacks Social Skills try to add 
people as friends (no one wants to. 
you're creepy, plus no one cares). 
It is Web sites like MySpace that 
make any reasonable person lose 
faith in humanity and realize that 
for everyone who's not a nerd or 
an intellectual, the Internet is like a 
bunch of austistic monkeys playing 

in a sandbox. 
It's a testament to our dogged 

idealism that some of us still main-
tain that the Internet is, at its core. 
a source of good. Let's face real-
ity, guys. It is now that I debunk 
the Internet's greatest myths while 
ignoring instant messages from peo-
ple I don't want to talk to. 

Myth: The Internet is the ultimate 
research tool, and a vast repository 
for all of humanity's knowledge. 

Reality: The Internet is a vast 
repository of hardcore pornography. 

Myth: The Internet can connect 
humanity through chat rooms, spe-
cialized Web sites and forums and 
networking sites. 

Reality: The Internet is a favor-
ite method of pedophiles to stalk 
children. 

Myth: T he 
Internet can help 

without moving from your chair and 
send your friends links to a video of 
two pil bulls humping. 

Myth: The Internet democratizes 
information and gives everyone a 
soapbox. Anyone can have a blog. 
MySpace prof tie or full -blown Web 
site, and that's great. 

Reality: The average person is 
ill -informed, practically illiterate 
and thinks a blinking background 
for their blog is the coolest thing 
ever (it is not). There is a :eason 
why your thoughts don't make it 
onto the evening news or the New 
York Times. 

Myth: The entire city of San 
Francisco is going to offer free Wi-
Fi to anyone with a computer. and 
that's rad. 

Reality: Yeah. it is pretry rad. 
You've got us 
there. 

people explore 
their interests by 
fmding like-mind-
ed communities of 
chess lovers,opera 
nuts, champion 
knitters or what-
ever their passions 
are, no matter how 
obscure. 

It's a testament to 
our dogged idealism 
that some of us still 
maintain that the 

Myth: The 
Internet lets 
people see 
what's really 
happening in 
Darfur, Iraq or 
any other part 
of the world. 

Reality: The 
Internet can help 
me get a free 

Internet is, at its core, 
a source of good." 

Reality: 
Not when 
you're furious-
ly whacking it 

couch if I play my cards right on 
Craigslist. 

Myth: The Internet is a great edu-
.cational tool; every student should 
have Internet access. 

Reality: The Internet is the rea-
son your 9-year-old cousin is in 
trouble with the police. 

Myth: E-mail and instant mes-
saging are great ways to commu-
nicate with your friends and loved 
ones all around the world. 

Reality: E-mail and instant 
messaging are great ways to put 
off studying. hit on your suitemate 

to oodles and 
oodles of Internet porn. 

Myth: The Internet is a way to 
show my talents in poetry, art or 
Harry Potter homoerotic fan -fiction 
to the world! 

Reality: Your shit sucks. 
Otherwise you would've found a 
publisher for your work. 

Myth: The Internet can connect 
you with long-lost uncles. classmates 
and friends. 

Reality: The Internet can con -
nect you with lots of funny pictures 
of ugly people, some of whom you 
might know in real life. 

OPINIONS 

. Advocates 
Make False 
Appeals to 
'Equality' 

• ADVOCATES, from page 5 
theories are advanced through further 
experimentation. Intelligent design 
advances no testable claims and there-
fore admits no controversies. 

Obviously, one battl.e is American 
and intellectual while the other reflects 
an ethnic ,war raging halfway around 
the w.orld. But even the proposals 
made by each side to resolve either 
conflict bear notable similarities. 

The radicals start with equivoca-
tion and close by asking fo r equal-
iry, which they see as a method to 
eventually dominate their opponents. 
intelligent-design advocatts, like their 
creationist predecessors, have made 
their central objective the inclusion 
of ':equal time" 10 "leach the contro-
versy" in public schools. which Ihey 
know is the best route toward eventu-
ally supplanting Darwin ian evolution . 
Palestinian apologisls campaign prin -
cipally for Ihe "right of return; which 
they and their counterparls in Israel 
know is merely a way for Ihe larger 
Palestinian population to eclipse the 
Jewish population and thus establish 
one de facto Palestinian state. 

Moderates on either issue, how-
ever, want separation between sci-
ence and religion, between Israel and 
a Palestinian state. 

When firmly confronted with 
sensible proposals. advocates for 
intelligent design, a Palestinian right 
of return and other specious notions 
reiterate their calls for "open-mind-
edness" and flood the debate with 
"facts:' But being open-minded is a 
lot like what Margaret Thatcher said 
about being powerful or being a lady: 
If you have to teU people you are, then 
you're not. 

VISA- gift card expres three months after the Issue date on which the card Is isSued_ Spy IUlter. Nowhere to run. courtesy of MIdway ~ Entllrtaillment, Inc. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. VOID WHERE 
PROHIBITED. Open to IegII U.s. r1ISIdants 18 Of older of \he stIItes of AR. CA, CT, Il, IN, 1<5, MI. MO, NV, OH, OK. TX and WI as of 1/1/06. Sheepstakes period begins at 12:01 am. COT on 5/1/06 and wit end at 11:59 p.m. 
COT on 6/30/06. ElIgIble entrants may enter cdn! at att.com/U or ~ I1IIIIIng a 3" x 5" card hand-prIntaI with enlrant's name. complete address, h!IephoIlt! runber and the words "AT&T CoUege Sweepstakes Entry." 
3" x 5" card must be IIIIIIIId In an erMIIopI, with 1Irst-clas1 postage IIIbIId. to -ATIT COllege SWeepstailes Entry; P.o. lioii 206, HIan, IL 61264-0206. WInners wit be selected In a random drawing to be oonducted on 
or 8RU1d 1/14/06. ar. !Pand p!tzIt and 500 Irst pn.s ,. be ..-dId. GrInd pnm is a home "ctroliles pecIcage with • tDtIII n!taI VIIIue of 510.000. first prtze Is • 5100 VISA (jIt card. Sponsor, at their sole discn!tIon, 
nISIMS the rI!ttt to SIbstItiM "'f of the prtzes wilt! • prtle 01 COl. Ip8IIIbIe or grwIar value. Odds of wInring .. besed on the IDtalIUY1ber of entries received. For a complete set of the official rules. visit atlcom/U or send a 
self-addi eSSld, stM.,ad erMllDplto "ATIT DIgItIII MIIMcMIr 51 upstallls - 0fIIcIIIt RuIft, - p.o. Box 206, HIan, IL 61264-0206- Sponsor: AT&T 0perItI0ns. Inc.. 115 E. Houston St.. San AntonIo, TX 18205. TalES, 01her charges 
and the FedenIIlkMnaI s.r.baxst-.-y fee extra, FOR DETAl.S OF ADDITIONAl 0iARGES. RES1RICTlONS AND REQUIREMENTS. CAll1-8IIB-288-9025 TOLl-FREE OR VISIT attmm/offertel nl5. sec. theSBC logos 
and 0Iher retailed procU:t and servtce names .. the tradenW1cs ancVor NgISlIInd trademIrIcs of ATiT KnowIIIdgII \IInIUra All other brand names may be trademarks Of regIsten!d Irademartcs of their respective owners. 
Cl200e ATiT ICnowI8dgI YIIn\unIs. All ft!tib --'. 



6 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Cody B. Nabours 
hiatus@ucsdguardiall.org 

X-Meo 3: The Last Stand 
***1 

Starring Hafle Be!ry, Ian McKellen and Hugh Jackman 
Directed by Brett Ratner 

Rated PG-13 

hiatus 
a rts/e nte rta in m ent 

The Raconteurs -
I "Steady, As She Goes" 
I "Broken Boy Soldiers" 

~THE BEST SONGS • AAft IN HIATUS THIS WEEK ditties 
MC Solar 
I "La Vie est Belle" 

Red Hot Chili Peppers 
I "SOON (Hey 011)" 

I "SaUYel Le M01de" I ' SIow Cheetah" 

Neil Young and 
Pearl-Jam Get 

Political II. Again 
N one-too-original newsflash: Bush is our generation's Nixon. After a drunken night of bomb-drop-
ping and bill-blowing, he awoke to 
find most of the future of his country 
- the youth - almost wholly against 
him, along with what increasingly 
seems like every other sane person. 
So, like Nixon, Bush is getting what he 
deserves from the country's rock musi-
cians: a long, noisy fuck you. 

Not surprisingly, though, it's the 
slightly older cats who strut their polit-
ical disses with the least-obnoxious 
style. The brilliant success of Green 
Day's American Jdiot may have turned 
the record industry on to the cash 
potential of fiery, three-chord polem-
ics, but it wasn't the last - or the best 
- word in Gen-Y Bush-bashing. Its 
genius was the way it bl!lntly impli-
cated everyone it should have without 
coming off like a recorded batch of 
campaign slogans. [diol used the best 

iPort on 
Random 

IAN SPORT 
iport@ucsd edu 

of two styles of political pop that a pair 
of newer records perfectly exemplify: 
Neil Young's Living With War croons 
utterly literal rhetoric-rock from the 
glorious 1960s, while Pearl Jam's self-
titled punk-stomper screams a dark, 
personal talc of life in the Bush era. 

It doesn't take many listens to 
notice that the first three songs on 
Young's latest album all repeat the 
phrase, "Don't need no [insert current 
political reality]" a bit stubbornly. Well, 
"After the Garden" uses " Won't need no 
.. . " instead, but to achieve the same 
rally-chant effect, which quickly wears 
itself out. As inconsequential as it may 
seem, the recycling of blue-collar syn-
tax perfectly demonstrates the single-
mindedness of Young's project, which 
he wrote while recording and com-
pleted in two weeks. Characteristically, 
he's not afraid of being almost embar-
rassingly frank, as even his song titles 
demonstrate: "Shock and Awe;' "The 
Restless Consumer;' "Let's Impeach 
the President" and "Lookin' for a 
Leader" practicalJy announce a plat-
form before we're finaleil with the 
blush-inducing sop of "America the 
Beautiful:' Nearly all the songs fea-
ture his "Chorus of 100; who dismiss 
any ambiguity about Young's intention 

[ IPORT, page 8] 

'Da Vinci': Hiatus Says Read the Book ... But That's Not Saying Much 
By Riley Salanl-Pearce 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

ou settle into a strange enjoy-
ment about five minutes into 
watching "The Da Vinci Code:' 

Why? Could it be the thrilling open-
ing revelations? The gripping Smart 
Car chase? Audrey Tautou's expensive 
French pout? Not likely. 

In fact, five minutes seems to be 
about the time it takes for the brain to 
discover it isn't being stimulated and 
revert to thinking about something 
else; in this case, the book- Suddenly 
the code-breaking becomes fun, 
the chases become exciting, but not 
because of what's on screen. Instead, 
YOll find yourself reliving the frantic 
opening scenes of a book that started 
off pretty damn good, regardless of 
your ultimate opinion of it. 

There are an infinite number of 
ways to convert a book to the big 

screen, but when the book is a mega-
blockbuster, your options are pared 
down to just three. Option one is to 
dumb the book down for a mass audi-
ence by deviating from the plot without 
improving upon it, inevitably letting 
fans down in droves ("Jurassic Park 2," 
"Memoirs of a Geisha"). Option two is 
to pander to fans of the book by stick-
ing meticulously to the plot as much as 
the film's running time allows (all the 
Harry Potter movies). Option three is 
to improve on the book by enhanCing 
the best parts while leaving out the 
boring stuff ("Lord of the Rings"). 

The choice seemed obvious enough 
- fans of "The Da Vinci Code" aren't 
diehards, and nohody's going to show 
up to a screening dressed as Robert 
Langdon, but all-star director/produc-
er team Ron Howard and Brian Grazer 
went ahead and gave it the Harry Potter 
treatment anyway. The mm adheres so 
rigidly to the book that if you should 

feel the need to take a nap - and you 
may - you won't miss a thing. 

There's a certain rare pleasure in 
seeing locations from any book burst 
onto the big screen looking exactly 
how you imagined them. This film 
does it - the eye-popping settings are 
a high point. Unfortunately, the same 
kind of pleasure can't be derived from 
hearing lines delivered exactly as they 
were written, especially ham-fisted 
clunkers of the Dan Brown variety. It 
should've beeh painfuUy obvious that 
no actor could succeed with a line like 
"You are the last living descendant 
of Jesus Christ;' and Hanks seems to 
know it as he delivers it resignedly in 
the same PBS-narrator voice he uses 
throughout the whole mm. 

Hanks Langdon gets one of the 
few mini-makeovers in the mm; he 
now suffers from an embarrassingly 
contrived claustrophobia as a result 
of - I'm not making this up - fall -

COURTESY OF COLUMBIA TRISTAR 
"Do VineI" Blows: Tom HanJcs and Audrey Tatou team up tofind the holygraiJ in "Calk." 
ing into a weU as a child. Of course, 
Langdon remains one of the most 
one-dimensional characters in recent 
memory; giving one minute of screen-
time to such a trite backstory is like 
putting a Flintstones Band-Aid over a 

[ CODE, page 9 ] 

The Da V"mci Code 
*'1 

Stllrillg Tom Hanks and Audrey T 8tOU 
Directed by Ron Howard 

Rated PG·13 

THURSDAY, MAY 25, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 7 

recGidingsv-----------
The Raconteurs ! 
• Broken Boy Soldiers 
V2 w 

. 

--------------------------. 

*** RockchamPion meetsindie-pop middleweight: This is the quaint tale of the Raconteurs (French for "storytellers"), composed of Jack 
White, Brendan Benson and two members of the 
Greenhornes, a frequent opener for both artists' 
regular gigs. The tight little gang, as the ~tory goes, 
shut themselves up in a stuffy attic, declared they 
were nol "a rock star's side project;' and fashioned 
a two-headed monster of an album. 

ing arbitrary words ending in "-ot" - try it at 
home, you'U probably get better results - proving 
minimalist lyricism, whatever the intent, works a 
whole lot better with a minimalist sound (i.e. the 
White Stripes). 

Yet this dual creature has a lovely common 
body, sculpted out of '60s-'70s nostalgia of the 
fmest kind. The Raconteurs flaunt it proudly and 
easily, from hoarse Led Zep-esque howls on the 
grandiose title track to psychedelic diversions and 
expert Beatles referencing throughout, even pull-
ing off a chilling backwards loop on blues closer 
"Blue Veins:' 

COSTA 
VERDE 

CENTER 
SUMMER IS NEARIII ARE YOU SWIMSUIT READY? 

I THE BOliNG aUB is I FUU SEma HEALTH auB 
I • Om 500 dasses a month • Pilates, Strength Training, Abs Classes 
., and More! CALl TODAY FOR A FREE one on GIlt mining session 
I IndFREEgnNlpdass I www.thtboxingclub,ntt J 
18650 Genesee, San Diego, CA 92122 8DO-BOXING CLUB 
--------------------

_un: 1 
.,. .. -

...... 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Brokell Boy Soldiers is a feat in sharing,. with 
White and Benson divvying up not only the vocal 
duties (obsessively trading off the spotlight with 
call-and-response action), but also the musical 
baggage - a little gritty here, a little pop-ballad-y 
there. It's the pop that sometime goes flat: On 
"Together:' Benson croons, "You gotta learn to 
learn to live and live and learn; as White whines 
away what is presumably his despair at this 
string of moralistic vapidity. Laziness peaks on 
"Intimate Secretary," a flOe track ruined by rhym-

Truth be told, Benson is too clean-cut to 
match White's impul ive wizardry. While a full 
band makes Jack less of a dull boy, they still have 
to edit their story before they trump the Stripes. 

r-~-----~-----------------------------------. BEAUX GENS BY ANTONELLA 
NOW MOVED INSIDE Beauty Kliniek 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

The Raconteurs will perform at Soma on July J9. 
- Gail/e Faure 

ASSO C IATE HIATU S EDITOR STUDENT SPECIALS \.)1'C • 

MC Solaar 
• Mach 6 
WEA 

*** 

COL 0 R TO U C H UP,., •• ,., •• , .... , ..... from $4S Nobel Dr. 
F 0 I L PAR T I A L ., •••• " ........... " .... , ... , from $15 
HAIRCUT+BLOW DRY (wO .. ENl ••• $5 off Reg. $35 
H A I R C U T ( .. E N ) ... . _, •••••••••••• , ..... .... "" $5 off Reg . $25 

Not valid with any other offer. 
* Governor Dr. 

www.salonbeauxgens.com 
3268 GOVERNOR DR . ( UNIVERSITY CITY) 815104153-6212 

ai 
:> 
« 

'" 
'" III 

'" c: 

'" <!l 

• 
• 
• Foreign Tap is the plaything of bored, stoned American youth - they pirate a couple songs, have a good laugh over the accents, then restlessly shove them to the bottom of the 

playlist with all other short -lived personal jokes. 
But countries like England and France have been 
progressively gaining a more respected foothold 
in hip-hop culture, thanks to well-known acts 
like British rapper Mike Skinner (the Streets) and 
Francophone talent MC olaar. Unlike Skinner, 
though .. Solaar can actually rap - and you don't 
need to understand French to appreciate it. 

embraces its international audience and keeps 
things lighter and catchier, throbbing with a 
discotheque pulse and metrosexual jazz that 
romances the modern shores of the Seine. 

._-------------------------------------- --.. 

As a veteran of the "Sex in the City" soundtrack 
and Guru's /azzmatazz project, MC Solaar already 
has his mic in the door. Mach 6. his sixth album, 

Red Hot Chili Peppers 
• Stadium Arcadium 
WARNER BROS. 

***--

If you don't like this record, you don't like the Red Hot Chili Peppers." Bassist Flea's take on Stadium Arcadium, the band's new double 
album, may sound a bit pompous, but it's true. 

Since the release of their first album in 1984, 
the white boys have played that funky music, fus-
ing it together with a bit of rock, rap and metal 
before mellowing out for a more melodic sound 
on their last two albums. The reprise of all these 
styles plays like the Chili Peppers' greatest hits. 

"Hump de Bump" channels the sexy power-
funk of Magik, while the strumming and dis-
tortion of "Storm in a Teacup" brews the Dave 

The language barrier is frustrating at times, 
but perhaps we're better off not knowing what his 
rapid flow of loveliness actually means. Between 
sugar· sweet hooks from European cuties and 
a "Bling Bling" chorus harmonized by French 
schoolchildren, Mach 6's noise captures all the 
calming trance of a Euro-club light show - it 
may even be enough to hypnotize jaded college 
students into sticking around for all 16 tracks. 

- Simone Wilson 
SENIOR STAFF WRI TER 

Navarro-influenced sounds of Olle HoI Minute. 
Other tracks, meanwhile, supply the mellow alter-
na-balladery of Califomication and By the Way. 

Stadium is essentially a retrospective/smor-
gasbord of the Chili Peppers' past. While each 
previous album created a new sound, this one 
only echoes the rest. Still, Flea was right: If you 
can't find something to cheer for on Stadium 
Arcadium, you aren't a RHCP fan . . 

The Red Hot Chili Peppers will perform at 
ipayOlle Center on Aug. 22. 

- Michael Cooper 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Serving All of San Diego County Storage... . 

deliver 
Have youever used stimulants n~e 

cocaine, meth, speed, or Ritalin 
without a prescrjptjon?·lf so, you may 

. be eligible to participate in a 

U(SD Brain Imaging Study 
and receive $1'30 and a picture of 

yournfain for-complete 
partici~ion. 

" GPA ;s less than 1M! also offer tutoring 
*(01/ For Details 

• Have a "Big Box" delivered to you 
• Load it at your lesure 
• it'D be stored in our secure, indoor faciHties 
• Access your belongings 2411 

WWW.BIGBOX.COM • Fotget having to reriAoad'tmIoad a truck 

858-454-5531 
JJJe IIA'IJOII'S PREMIER PORTABLE SIDRIIGE Pro",.,. 



B HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

• Servers 
• Bartenders 
• Meeters & Greeters 
• Dishers 

-?ill? 
3151 HoI_ Ct.'" 
IJI.4JJ .,., 

Above CII Copy, KlOSS from EI Torilo Ind Roclc Bottom 
:-.... -::-..,-.w;s-yilis 
I orlll"ll GIT 5 FRII 
I BUY 5 .,t. II Including Mystk 
I for only _ II and Ultra 
I II TAIL. I __ ucson I 501 ............... 

11"\1'1 bp.1iIW06 I bp.6/W06 '-) 1 ________ ... 1 _______ _ 

or_ li,iiII- i - -ii -II-iiiifc-Tii : =~ :: ...,1Gct1 
I MOHnIL\I II FREE 
1 ..... 11 
I 501 ......... _ II Rnt_c-.onIy. 

bp.1iIW06 II bp.6/W06 

Do you love working with people? 
Do you love Fun, Food & 

Entertainment? HEPCat has 
tons of positions (on-campus and 

off campus) for: 
• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality Industry! 
Daily It Weekly Payl Flexible Work Schedules! 

Group interviews! Open House take place on: Mondays thru 
Thursdays at 1:30 pm& 4:30 pm SHARP! Se Habla Elpanoll 

Apply Today, Start Tomorrow! 814 Morena Boulevard, 
Suite 210-San Diego, call (888}472-1829!! www.HEPCaLjobs 

5x5 
5x6 
5x7 
5x8 

$22 per month 
$25 per month 
$29 per month 
$32 per month 

With student ID. Daily pro-rate available to Sept 
VEHICLE PARKING AVAILABLE 

scrippsmesastorage 
Call for reservation 858-566-3881 

THURSDAY, MAY 25, 2006 

'X-Men 3' Is a 
Nerd's Thri II 

• X-MEN, from page 6 
The lame lines hit bottom when Beast 
utters, "My stars and garters.- Oh, 
how the fanboys squealed at that 
one. 

Kowtowing to the nerd market 
deflates much of the fUm, drying out 
acting that was floated only by Hugh 
Jackman, Ian McKelIen and Famke 
Janssen . The best performances are 
the sinister ones, led by a deliciously 
evil Magneto (McKeUen), and the 
film gathers enough of them to drive 
the message home: dark characters 
work, The tactic even saves Cyclops 
(James Marsden), whose unshaven 
post-wife grief makes the oft-shal-
low character more endearing than 
ever. 

Cyclops begins the movie mourn-
ing the loss of Jean Grey (Janssen) 
who, after eating a tidal wave in "X2:' 
is revived as the evil, schizophreniC 
Phoenix. (In the comics, Phoenix is 
actualIy a cosmic force that inhabits 
Grey's body and enhances her teleki-
netic abilities to a point that eventualIy 
drives her mad.) Ratner's attachment 
to reality within the X world gives 
Grey a reason to be as wicked possible, 
allowing Janssen to sink her teeth into 
the previously flat character. 

Aside from acting, the mutant 
caineos are a fan boy's wet dream, 
including ' Multiple Man, Siren and 
the subterranean rag-tag Morloc.ks. 
The special effects are edge-of-your-
seat, and seeing the Golden Gate 
Bridge hover over the bay toward 
Alcatraz is pretty astonishing. 

The butt-end of the X trilogy ties 
up most loose ends, al~it leaving 
space for a Wolverine Spin-off. AU the 
faceoffs that should hap~n occur, 
including Pyro vs. Iceman, Calisto vs. 
Storm and (spoiler alen!) Wolverine 
vs. Grey. The epic ambience of the X 
multiverse drives the ftlm, which is 
weighed down only by its awkward 
split loyalties to both HoUywood and 
the comics. 

But if it isn't obvious Ihat this 
review is written by a fan boy himself, 
here is a simple order than even the 
casual fan can understand: "X3" is 
uncanny. 'Nuff said. 

Music Speaks: 
Bush Is Our Nixon 
~ IPORT, from page 6 
that this is an album of anthems. Yet 
despite its stubborn literality, Living 
With War is a pretty damn good batch 
of anti-Bush/war/etc. fist-shakers, 
beefed up by the omnipresent snarl of 
Young's favorite Les Paul. 

The gritty bar-chord and vocal 
sparring on Pearl Jam's recent so· 
called "return to form" seldom dips 
into Young's brand of political direct-
ness. Even when it does, as in lead 
single "Worldwide Suicide," Eddie 
Vedder's lyrics channel their politics 
into poetiCS, sending them deeper to 
the heart by staying more true to the 
form. Pearl Jam resists by illustrating, 
not preaching, which elevates songs 
like "Army Reserve" out of tiring, 
familiar rhetoric: "She can feel thisl 
War on her facel Stars on her pil -
lowl Folding in darknessl Begging for 
slumber." Vedder's maxims are mostly 
tacked to a bristling wall of Seattle 
grit, grinding midtempo boom-chink 
against caustic electric chords for a fit-
tingly stark desen. This new intensity 
has no time for the avant asides tbat 
mark most of their previous work. 

The differing approaches meet in 
their dedication to a single message 
- the unsuitability of the current 
social and political realities for a free 
and meaningful life. In the end. their 
similarity in vigor IDd outlook - not 
surprising, giwn the two legends' past 
rdItioDsbIp - make for an eNeDtial 
tm on the world (and rock music) 
today DO lea sip1ifIcant thin AIIIeriam 
kIio(L If myooe na' bJets how the 
line half d the country viewed Bulb. 
LIving Wid! W/II' and PNrl /11m will 
make pat remiDden. 

THURSDAY, MAY 25,2006 

'Code' ~as Substance, But No Style 
~ CODE, from page 6 
missing arm. 

The unfortunate truth is that 
Brown's writing simply doesn't trans-
late weU into movie form. Where 
Michael Crichton's characters find 
themselves struggling for life in 
increasingly hopeless predicaments, 
Brown's Langdon is fighting against 
a powerful secret society that barely 
ever shows itself. The Opus Dei sub-
plot is so trimmed that it serves little 
purpose. Instead, the main antagonists 
are the folks Langdon runs into along 
his frantic quest, every one of whom 
try (and fail) to kiU him. Though the 
fate of the entire Catholic Church 
rests in the hands of the protagonists, 
Howard IDd Grazer miss a golden 
opportunity by never bringing the 
Vatican itself into the picture, strand-
ing the film with no unified front of 
opposition. Inexplicably, the stakes 
remain low. 

'P""'" ..... , . .., ...... 
\?.. ,~, ,,' I 
" . " .. * , 

. Despite all the hype there won't be 
much controversy over the content of 
the film itself. It even tidies the church-
challenging message with a nice bow: 
Langdon ponders, "Why can't Jesus be 
a father and still be capable of all those 
things?- It's not in the book, and it's 
the movie's blue pill that offers a way 
out lest anyone leave the theater mull· 
ing some big questions. 

Even with such (perhaps inevi-
table) shortcomings, the fUm could 
have been visually gripping. It may 
be visually impressive, but no more 
so than a standard episode of"Nova." 
Howard, it seems, was too busy self-
consciou~y making sure all the bases 
were covered to lose sleep over mall-
ing the film entenaining. In an odd 
way, "The Da V'mci Code" is all sub-
stance and no style. And if you really 
have a hankering 'for some juvenile, 
mindless popcorn entertainment? Go 
read the book. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

YOUR FUTURE IS GOING FULL SPEED AHEAD. 
ARE YOU IN THE DRIVER SEAT? 

As your college years come to an end. it's time to align 
yourself with a dynamic company that will benefit from your 
interests, skills and potential. At GEICO, the fourth largest 
private passenger auto insurer in the United States, we're 
committed to becoming the best in the industry and we 
know exactly how to get there. Is your future headed in 
the right direction? Consider the following currently 
available positions: 

• lew CUstomer SpecMIIItI 
• CIII ... Iepr ....... .,.. 
• Customer ServIce ~ 
B •• IIII~ . 
• Excellent ~rting salaries 
• Health coverage & 401 k for full-time employees 
• Profit sharing 
• On-site fitness center and credit union 
• Fun company culture 

If you're ready to steer your career onto the right track, 
apply online at www.geico.com/careers. or apply in person 
at 14111 Danielson St., Poway. CA 92064. 

EOE/DRUG TEST, PIIYSICAL, CREDIT AND BACKGROUND CHECKS REOORED. 

www.geico.com/careers 

HIATUS 9 

Secrets of Successful 
Law Students 

Price: 
$300 for early registrants* 
$400 late registration or at the door" 
Dates: 
s.a.Sun,June 1Othancl11th 

DIege Mlalon VlllIey 
IOtllllllllllO del 110 South 

'2tOl 

Depressed? 
Sleeping Too Much? 

Not Enjoying Life? 
If you are between the ages of 18 and 65 and have not responded 
to treatment for depression, you may be eligible to participate in a 
clinical research study of an i'nvestigational medication. 

Qualified participants may receive study-related evaluations, 
medical care, research medication and laboratory work - at n9 cost. 

All telephone calls and visits are confidential and safely conducted 
under the supervision of experienced physicians and research 
specialists. 

To learn more. please call the Sharp Mesa Vista Clinical Research 
Center at (858) 694-8350. 

Clinical 
Research Center 
crJAnn MesaVISta 

~. Hospital 

MV50A 02006 SHe 



• I 

10 CLASS IFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Bups for 1IIe, pet sitting/dog walking. 
Cats & dogs. Great for pet lovers, No. County. 
estab. clientele, 14 yrs, $30t< cash total. 858-
538-0250. (5125) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Typing, prepare fraud case, investigative 
research, $12·18 part-time. (omputer skills. 
lawl journalism knowtedge helpful, near UTe 
bus-stop. Cooprider. 858-554-0119. (6/1) 

earn $800-$3200 a month to drive brand 
new cars with ads placed on them. www. 
DriveCa rAd s.com (6/1) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THEsiGuARoIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS· 
The UCSO Guardian reserves the right to classify. edit ~ oIfenslw WOlds and pharses. 
andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advwtlser will not 
hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publkation of the adverti~t. 
The publisher will also no! be held accoumable tor any claim from an agreement rnad@ 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be revie_ by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular iSSue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
....... MIMI.II correopondetlce ......... CIuaIfIeds to: 
UCSD Guardia", Ann: CIasJHIeds, t500 611_ DrIft .. 316. LII JoI", CA 92093. 
Actuellocatlon: Student C ... ter ",Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per 20 -.Is 
Faculty&S~ff: $7.SO ..... 10wonls 

All others: $12 ..... 20 word. 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$lO.OO per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Pub. Dat. OIsptoy Alb UneAlb 

-.. 4pm_'wIt 4pmMOll'wIt 
11Iun. 4 pmTH,... 4pmTH' wit 

Small restaurant. La Jolla Shores, hiring 
Cashiers. Counter help, full or pit $7.50-8.501 
hI. Flexible hours. We train. start now or after 
finals. Leave message. Kevin 858-273-8623. 
(618) 

email: adsucsd8uatd;~n@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Summer Jobs! Help Elect Dems In '06, 
$1400-2500/month. Work with Grassroots 
Campaigns, Inc on behalf of the National 

De~ratic Party to beat the GOP this fall . 

Internshlp/FT/Career, Los Angeles 310-441 -
1712 Ask for Jessie. Bay Area 510-848-1754 
Ask for Mel (6/8) 

Would you like to make money online. bur 
don't know where to start? Here's a solution 
just for you. www.mYl1)oneylnfo.com (611) 

Interns Wanted: The EO Wilson Biodiversity 
Foundation Is a start-up nonprofit organiza-
tion that implements innovative programs 
to preserve biological diversity through 
science. business and education. We need 
yolunteers that are Interested In biodlver· 
sity conservation and supporting the launch 
of this nonprofit organization. To receive 
information or apply please contact Leif 
Christoffersen at 858-353-3830 or send an 
email to Ielf@eQwllson.org. (6/8) 

Lying on the bench during the day, clockin' 
part time hours In the evening. Check out 
port triton job 65S766. (5125) 

SURF INSTRUCTORS. male or female for 
spring and summer. $10-20/hr, part-time, 
summer full ·tlme. Visit Leucadlasurfschool. 
com or email surf@lleucadiasurfschool.com 
(5/:.15) 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
. part time hours. 

$725.$1050 '-fr 
c.uJacki 

(858)565-2144 
Sum_ o.y Camps • L.A. Ana. Swimming, 
horses, sports. arts and crafts, beaches, ropes 
courses, and much more www.daycampjobs; 
com. (5/30) 

Rewnlng Sum_ JoIts- L.A. A,... Gain 
valuable experience while working with chil· 
dren In a variety of fun se"lngs www.dayc-
ampjobs.com. (5/30) 

sTUDENt 
. Plan ahead for summer, 
Store your things with us, 

Student Discounts 
1/2 OFF FIRST TWO MONTHS* 

on already lowered rates 
on selected sizes 

~TlDSroIAGI~ 
9434 Kearny Mesa Rd. 

Wlilk 
Run 
Bike 

Shuttle 
16 UCSD 

San Diego, CA 92126 

(858)693-1717 

Sola om, .. ,." 9:30AM - ,,.. I'M DUly' l15 .... n.36JZ P 
.,.0 VIa MaIIorca. La jeIIo. CA 91OJ7· WWW .......... Io--.Ioo .• _ 

·Prkc and norkt 

Male Summer Day Camp Counselors Needed! 
Stay here In San Diego; Drive a camp van 10 
and from camp in Rancho Penasqultos (Just 
east of Carmel Valley). Make a difference In 
the life of a child! 858-487-6000. www.Out· 
postsummercampscom (5/30) 

Fun part time event and game staff needed. 
Interactive game rental company for corpo' 
rate parties and events. Fun working environ-
ment. will train. 858-622-6613 www.partyp-
als.com (618) 

Swim InstrUClors 511 -$ 17 per hour. San Diego 
858-273-7946. North County 760-744-7946. 
(6/8) 

The FLAME BROILER needs you. Part time 
work starting at $8.50/hour. Responsibilities 
vary, friendly atmosphere, positive a"itude a 
must! Please call 858·587-8989 or stop by (U 
ViII. Clr. next to Rubio's) (6/8) 

NEW RESTAURANT NOW HIRlN6II La Jolla 
restaurant seeks fun, energetic, hard-working 
employees. Hiring for all pos~lons in front 
and back of house: line cook. prep, dishwash-
er, server, busser, hostlhostess, food runner. 
Please stop by or call for more information 
and applkatlons. Panlnl Cafe, 811 Prospect 
St.. La Jolla. CA 92037. 858-456-4044. (5/25) 

Part-time NannylBabysitter for 2 adorable 
girls (5-1 12 and 3) after school Mon & Tues. 
3:00 - 7:00 pm Immediately; 12:30 - 7:00 pm 
starting June 26. University City very close to 
UCSO. Must have own reliable transportation 
and clean driving record. Additional hours 
helping with household management likely. 
Call Betsy at 858-458·8598. (5125) 

Nannylbabysitter needed for 2 great kids. 
Approximately 20 hrs/week (we could do 
more if needed). Schedule Is flexible around 
your classes. Great pay. 10 minutes from cam-

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 "'nalorllical pouches 
5 BivQUae 
9 _ Penh 
14 "'nimol'. stomach 
15 Cupid 
16 Get going 
17 Piece of land 
18 Japanese dictator 
19 Smithy block 
20 Starof41A 
23 Hill dwellerr 
24 October 8"'" 
25 Hoflywood ringers 
27 "'nlla, for one 
29 Overly submissive 
32 PO§...ssive pronoun 

pus In Rancho Penasquitos. Call Wendy at 
760-522-6491 . (5/25) 

FOR RENT 
Duplex· Genessee/ Clairernont Mesa Blvd. 2 
bedl1 bath, gilrage front/back-yard. 10 min 
drive to UC5D, close to 41/1 SO bu~ available 
7101/06. James 858· 7 36-7495. (5125) 

3BR/2.5BA Townhou54 located on Easter 
Way, Rent Is -$2200/month. 48R138A Duplex 
located In SonentO Valley, Rent Is -$28001 
month. 58R/38A House located In Mira Mesa, 
Rent Is -$31001month. Available July. 2 car 
garage. washer/dryer. community pool. etc. 
Call James 858·354-2106 or email at jamesle 
erentals@Sbcglobal.net. (5125) 

Carlsbad: Cheap rent fot assisting wheel-
chair bound UCSD grad female. Private room 
in spacious 4 bedroom 2 bath apartment. 
Female non·smoker. 8-12 hours per week. 

760-580-997~ or email: entklngeyes@gmail. 
com (6/1) 

Spacious 3-bedroom, 2 112 bath condo 
near Gilman, La Jolla Village Square. avail 
September. $24001 month. 2·car garage, 
washer/dryer, pool/spa. Call . 858-792-6453. 
(5/25) 

Six bedroom plus sunroom, 2 full bath, 3 
half baths. (lairemont-Mesa. $2700. Call John 
858-775·5918. Available June 15th. (5130) 

LA JOLLA FURNISHED ROOM In townhouse 
ncar UCSD and bus. Utilities provided, kitch· 
en privileges. Graduate aniJ post-doctorate 
preferred $ 1700. 858-450-6935. Available 
now. (5/30) 

2br/2ba luxury condo. Marble floor. gym. 
sports bar. club house. private theater, 
washer/dryw, fridge. Near UCSDIUTC. $1895. 
Available now. 61~274-4351. (5125) 

33 Vid(o-I!"me name 
35 Italian beach 
37 Sister of Osiris 
41 Oassic sileom of !he 1950. 
44 Thole peopI. 
45 Invites 
46 Richatd of NASCAR 
47 Prefix with day or way 
49 Cauterize 
51 Function 
52 Georgia's neisl>bor 
56 Type of ride 
58 ConIeder.lte 8"""""" 
59 OIaracter played by 20 ... in 41A 
64 Dancing Castle 
66 ... bu Dhabi ruler 
67 Kent State ""te 

THURSDAY, MAY2S, 2006 

FOR SALE 
Don't Pay High Rents! 3-Bed, 2.5 Bath lUXUry 
Townhouse, 1.5 miles to UCSO. $569.000. 
wwwsdrfa/typros.comll0186waterldge.htm, 
cau tor loan options. RE?MAX Associates. 619-
200-7612. (5129) 

Prime rooftop location. 1 brll ba condo. 
Private, pool view, light and bright, vaulted 
cfllings and skylights.. 2-car gilrage. $324-
$3591(. 760-45U797. (5130) 

Toyota Camry, Sedan. 1995. 150 kml. very 
clean, $3700, baker77@gmx.net, 858-i73-
81>77. (5125) 

WANTED 
WANTED: E)f(eplional Egg Donors Needed. 
$8000-515000 for qualified. responsible 
applkant~. All ethnic backgrounds welcome. 
Special Need for Jewish, ASian, and East 
Indian donors. Close personal support by 
experienced donor. Call Dawn @ 951-696-
7466. Full Info at www.fertilityaiternatives. 
com (618) 

Volunteers paid $45 for an Interv\@w. If you 
are entirely of· Chinese. Japanese, or Korean 
descent. age 21-26, call 552-8585 ex. 5590. 
(618) 

SERVICES 
IT and computer repair services. Will fix. tune 
up. advise and train. UCSD students/staff S 151 
hr, others $25Ihr. Negotiable. 626-780-4643. 
(5/25) 

PSYCHOTHERAPY: Personal, Relationships, 
Career Issues, Competent, discrete 5e!"lces for 
students, faculty and staff. Local psychologist 
for 20 )l'!ars. Laurie Kolt. Ph.D. (Llc tP5Y8556). 
858-509-1330, UKolt~ol.com. (5125) 

$300 OFFI Get LASIK by the finest profession-
als at UC50's Shiley Eye Center. Call by the 
end of this spring quarter and receive $300' 
off the cost of your procedure. What a great 
way to face your bright future! m-9l1-EY1S. 
(618) 

PERSONALS 
AdIIIM'I ...",.. TrI¥IlI:"The movie Is Con Air. 
The actor is dave chapelle. what do I win? 
Mark Gleed.' YES!!! Marlc. you win. About a 
dozen of your classmates were hot on your 
heels. No one has yet stopped in to pick up 
their loot and prizes all year, so why start now? 
This pleases AdMan. V'all have a good 3..dfay 
weekend. Hit the books for Tuesclay\.second-
to·last trivia instalment of the year. (5125) 

68 N",frills 
69 Nary a one 
70 Shed feathers 
71 Bumbling 
72 Di...,., 
73 8asilica section 

DOWN 
1 FI ...... mark 
2 Sacramento' 5 _ Arena 
3 Add bubbles to 

Series shutout 
Cows and bulls 
Xiamen Island 
MagicS'ha"" 
Standing tall 
Camus novel. with "Tne" 

10 Biddy 
11 USN ... part 
12 Sheeplike 
13 Liquefies 
21 Source of bast fiber 
22 No! by any """,ns 
26 Under·the-table money 
27 Knife handle 
28 Bryce Canyon location 
30 Part of BPOE 
31 Quirks 
34 Sound match! 
36 Measure of medicine 
38 Gel a business goi ng 
39 FoIt"""",,' suffix 
40 Eyelid problem 
42 Diameter halves 
43 Buying binge 
48 Introduce subcutaneously 
50 One Carnegie 
52 My!!lery SIOryI 
53 Aired al!"in 
54 Former .... G. 
55 Prayer fi.-Ie> 
57 Frawance 
60 H"IIwild 
61 Half a golf coo,,", 
62 Lubrica .... 
63 Scale unit 
6S Weedram 

Find u055word & olutions at 
wWw.ucJdlllUlrdlan.l1rg/cro)sword 

THURSDAY, MAY 25, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

. Garcia Talks Up His Tribute to Pre-Castro Cuba 
By Christine Clark 

ASSOCIATE HIATUS EDITOR 

Sixteen years - that is how loog it took Andy Garcia to bring his directorial debut, "The Lost City," 
to the big screen. The film, written by 
Cabrera Infante, chronicles a wealthy 
family in 19505 Cuba struggling to 
endure the country's communist revo-
lutioo. Garcia may have poured his 
heart into making the film (he served 
as director, producer, actor and com-
poser), but it has opened to most1y 
negatiw reviews. It is an epic story, but 
its overextended storyline and vapid 
characters have kept it from achieving 
greatness. 

Yet the lukewarm reception from 
critics hasn't dimmed Garcia's opti-
mism for the project. "I've been rea1Iy 
impressed with the response the film 
is getting from audiences; he said in a 
phone interview. 

In "The Lost City," Garcia plays 
Fico Fellove, the owner of Havana's 
famed EI Tropico nightclub. Fe1Iove is 
ambivalent about politics until both 
of his younger brothers join rebel 
forces in the Cuban Revolution. One 
(Nestor Carbonell) becomes a mem-
ber in a small revolutionary group 
that attempts to overthrow the Batista 
regime. The other (Enrique Murciano) 
joins Che Guevara's guerilla battalion. 

Guevara (Jsu Garcia) is portrayed 
as a blood -hungry guerilla warrior, 
a sharp contrast to the wide-eyed, 
compassionate youngster portrayOO in 
"The Motorcycle Diaries." However, 
Garcia says that this representation 
of the character is more historically 
accurate. "You know a lot of people 
see Guevara as a rebel, a revolutionary 
and someone who looks good on a 
T-shirt. but [he) oversaw 2,000 execu-
tions after the Cuban Revolution -
without a trial; Garcia said. "I thought 
'The Motorcycle Diaries' was a great 
film; Walter Salles is a very talented 
filmmaker, but [the film) depicted 
Guevara at 18 ... it chose not to explore 

COURTESY OF M ... CNOLl... I RES 
It Wcu You, f'roedo: "The Lost City" chronicles the relationship of three brothers in CUba. 
Guevara's dark side." writing, you know why he is there." 

"The Lost City" is an immense In an interview in Backstage West 
aesthetic achievement, especially magazine, Garcia said thaI Murray's 
conSidering it was shot in 35 days character is essential to the film 
for under $10 million. The film, shot because he represents Infante's voice 
in Dominican Republic is chock- in the story. 
full of scenes thal feature the exqui- "The Lost City" has garnered a 
site Caribbean landscape. Garcia lot of comparisons to another film 
unabashedly admits that his ftlm is about feuding brothers that takes place 
a love letter to a culture lost in Cuba during the Cuban Revolution: "The 
- the pre-Castro era when Havana Godfather: Part II." Garcia, who co-
was a vacation hotspot with glarnor- starred in "The Godfather: Part III" 
ous nightclubs, exotic beaches and an said he learned a lot from working 
innovative music scene. with director Francis Ford Coppola. 

Garcia was able to attract long- -The Godfather' was an influence; 
time friends like Dustin Hoffman he said "When I was working with 
and Bill Murray to the cast. But even Francis, I went to the dailies and sal 
Garcia admits that not everyone has with [cinematographer) Gordon Willis 
had a positive response to Murray's - it was an incredible period in my 
character. Murray plays FeIIove's best life," Howner, he said that "The Lost 
friend and EI Troplco's resident fun - City" may be inspired by the work 
nyman. of Coppola. but it is by no means an 

"You know a lot of people like [his homage to "The Godfather: Part II." 
character), but they don't know why Garcia said he would Iikr to keep 
he's in the film," he said. "They think directing and that he has a couple of 
he is a character that the film can do projects in the works. Let's just hope it 
without, but if you know infante's doesn't take him another 16 years. 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus? 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo for Youl 
WHY RENTlBUYI 

, Rtnt thf! 8trO rooms to your friends ... 
, UH the rent money to pay IrK the rnortgGge •.• 
, You IIw in tM condo (or FREE, and ... 
' .. . your parents am write o"the Interat on the ~I 

HIATUS 11 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
FlnrJtrraltor.,hotmall.com • wWIIIf.cbcalifornla.comltobin 

( CAN'T lie AU. vl!ST coNSebtJt TIJ~ OFF 1J6HTS, 6UCTItlJNJC5 AN/) N'UANCe5 THAT AR6IfT 
RlN6 1J5eIJ. 



12 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael En/un 
sports@ucsdguarditm.org 

THF.~GuARDIAN 
SPORTS 

HOT CORNER 

Track and Field 
The NCAA Division-II championships kick 

off on May 25 in Emporia, Kan . Among 
the 16 athletes representing UCSD, senior 
Mimi Hodgins hopes to better her second-

place finish in the 800-meter race. 
______________________ THURSDAY, MAY 2.5, 2006 --___ _ 

Hard-Hitting Alumni Teach Youngsters New Tricks 
Rugby's friendly 
match is anything but 
in clash between old 
and new guard. 

By Paul Choi 
STAFF WRI TER 

After building the program over 
the last everal years, the UCSD wom-
en's rugby team has had much success 
on the field, and has graduated enough 
players to establish an annual alumni 
tradition. The Tritons finished with a 
3-3 record, a season that has not lived 
up to past successes, but on May 20, 
the team left the regular season behind, 
as old and new players gathered to play 
their second annual alumni game. 

While this exhibition game was for 
fun, it was clear that no one wanted to 
lose. Both teams refused to ease off, 
even after a couple of minor injurie . 

ophomore scrum-half Alexis Volen, 
who bruised her knee, described the 
pregame trash talk. 

"[The alumni players] started off 
by sending us e-mails about how they 
were going to destroy us:' Volen said. 
"And we ent them back e-mails saying 
we weren't scared." 

In reality, the alumni team great-
ly outperformed the current UCSD 
players. The Tritons sent out a very 
young team with little rugby experi-
ence, while the alumni featured several 
All-Americans, including a player for 
the national team. These great play-
ers scored first, fast and often for the 
alumni team. The current UCSD team 
tried its best to make a little noise of its 
own, but its older opponents were too 
fast and too aggressive. 

BILLY WONG /GUIIROIAN 
After weeks of taunting, the women's rugby team's alumni made good on their threats and dominanted the current squad in a less-than-amiable match to canclude the Tritons' 3-3 season. 

"It's a very tough team playing 
against my very young girls here; 
head coach Carla Smith said. "They're 
getting a good schooling:' 

Even though the game was hard-
fought, both teams also stressed having 
fun, making each player do a dance 
after a score. But in the end, the alumni 
won in blowout fashion and the young 
Tritons learned a thing or two about 
rugby. 

Alumni player Mari Wallace, who 
graduated in 2003, had no problem 

dishing out a little more trash talk 
after the game. 

" It was like the dream team against 
the Little UCSD girls," she said. "But 
baSically, they're definitely in a build-
ing year and they gave us a good 
game: I think the score was a million 
to five or something. We're obviously 
awe orne." 

With 10 main players graduating 
and numerous injuries plaguing the 
Tritons all year, the team was not its 
usual dominant self and finished a 
dissappoing 3-3 on the year. 

UCSD started off the season with 
a three-game winning streak, beat-
ing UCLA twice and Arizona State 

University once. But injuries to older, 
experienced players like captain and 
fly-back Marea Blue, led to inex-
perienced players getting immediate 
playing time. By the halfway point of 
the season, five seniors were injured, 
and the Tritons lost their last three 
games to end the season. 

"We are used to being dominant 
in our league, so losing even one 
game would have been a disappoint-
ment;' Blue said. "But our league is 
better than it's ever been, which is 
positive in the long run, and our team 
has a lot of promising talent." 

While the skills and leadership of 
the injured starters were missed, their 

absence provided an opportunity to 
build for the future. In their last two 
games, the players still had opportu-
nities to win, only losing because of a 
few mistakes here and there. 

"Almost all our rookies got to 
play," Smith said. "While we did lose 
those games in the end, the rookies 
got so much experietlce." 

In its previous four seasons, UCSD 
went to nationals, only to lose to the 
eventual champions. Both Blue and 
Smith expect to be back at that level 
with the help of solid play by senior 
8-man and captain of the forwards 
Jill Duggan. 

"The forwards have to do most 

of the grunt work 00 the field , which 
can be exhausting," Blue said. "Jill 
leads by example, getting in most 
of the rucks and consistently hitting 
tackles." 

Next season, coach Smith wants 
to avoid another rebuilding year, as 
she expects to return 11 starters, who 
she says have learned from experi-
ence and will start to dominate once 
again. 

"We've had a lot more rookies 
this year having to take over for the 
seniors that left," Smith said. "It's just 
getting a new group of people to learn 
how to play rugby and get back to our 
national form." 

Salerno Honored With Two Coach of the Year Awards 

GREG DALE/GUIIROIIIN 
Sophomore Corey Sheredy was one aJ many of coach Tony Salerno's talentedfemale athletes that earned him a second Coach of the Year award. 

By Rae! En/un 
SPORTS EDITOR 

For UCSD women's track and field 
coach Tony Salerno, good tidings 
come in pairs. 

For the second-straight year, 
Salerno guided his women's squad 
to a California Collegiate Athletic 
Association championship title May 
4 through 6, earning Salerno his sec-
ond-straight CCAA Coach of the Year 

award. 
And recently, the U.S. Track and 

Field and Cross Country Coaches 
Association also named Salerno 
the NCAA Division-II West Region 
Coach of the Year for the second year 
in a row. 

"It is an honor, but it's one for the 
coaching staff really; Salerno said. 
"The head coach in track and field is 
mostly an administrator. It's a little bit 
embarrassing. Because you know the 

success belongs to both the coaches 
and the staff:' 

It would be wrong to call this sea-
son a surprise, as Salerno has repeated 
or improved upon most of his accom-
plishments from last year. However, 
no one expected the type of dominant 
performance the lady Triton team put 
up at the CCAA championships. 

The Tritons beat second-place 
team Cal State Los Angeles by a mar-
gin of 110 points, allowing the team tv 

compete in nine events in the NCAA 
track and field championships start-
ing May 25 in Emporia, Kan. 

Though Salerno was honored spe-
cifically for his women's team, he also 
did a great job improving the men, 
who placed second at the conference 
championship's after fmishing third 
the year before. 

A second-place CCAA finish should 
be considered a success, but Salerno is 
not satisfied and hopes that improved 
recruiting can help the men's team. 

"One of the challenges at UCSD 
is that recruiting on the men's side is 
a little harder than recruiting on the 
women's side; Salerno said. "That's 
just the nature of the different gen-
ders. The women typically have high-
er GPAs and better test scores and 
they apply on time, and the guys tend 
to be not as good at that, so it really 
affects our recruiting. Once we get 
the men here, we do a pretty good job 
with them, but the challenge is just 
getting them in the school." 

The men's team will compete in 
four events at the NCAA champi-
onships and will try to improve on 
last year's 25th-place fmish. With the 
women's squad placing 14th, both 
teams set records for the highest fin-
ish in UCSD D-II history. 

"The award represents a culmina-
tion of our work, and hopefully it's a 
level we'U be able to stay at," Salerno 
said. "Certainly the women's team 
improved over their conference win 
last year and the men are a lot better, 

too. We're just going to keep on mov-
ing in that direction." 

The track and field tearns have one 
more event to conquer and it will be 
the toughest competition the Tritons 
face aU year. But, since the event is dif-
ferent in many ways from some early 
season games, anything can happen, 
according to Salerno. 

"Its really hard to say how we'll 
do," Salerno said. "Nationals is tough, 
with 320 athletes competing in orne 
events, and they are the top athletes in 
the CGuntry. So if you get a few breaks, 
you can land in the top lOon the 
women's side. It took 270 points for 
us to win conference this year and it 
only takes 53 or so to be second in the 
nation, so anything can happen." 

No matter what place Salerno's 
teams take, this season has been suc-
cessful in getting the word out about 
the quality of the UCSD program. 

"The visibility of the program has 
improved dramaticaUy," Salerno said. 
"Now we're known as one of the up-
and-coming programs in California. 
Rather than being a third or fourth 
choice, we're a first or second choice. 
We were recruiting against Division-
III schools not long ago and now 
we're head-to-head with UCLA. 
There's still a long way to go before 
we give you a complete program, and 
hopefully we can get to that point in 
the near future. But we're just going 
to keep doing what we can with what 
we've got and fortunately we've had 
some success with that plan." 


