
ISSUING TEACHERS A LICENSE TO Kill? ~ OPI 10 PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, OCTOBER 16,2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

N. Korea: 
A Nuclear 

Debate 
U CSD political experts 
discuss ramifications 
of the communist 
nation's recent atomic 
explosion. 

By Dennis Tran 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

A panel of political experts met 
last week at UCSD's Institute of the 
Americas to discuss the worldwide 
repercussions of North Korea's recent 
nuclear test, including the impact 
of economic sanctions and how the 
test will affect the political stability of 
northeast Asia. 

The panel included political sci-
ence professor and UC Institute of 
Global Conflict and Cooperation 
Director Susan Shirk, Korea-Pacific 
studies professor Stephan Haggard and 
research fellow and northeast Asian 
and Chinese security issues specialist 
Tai Ming Ch,eung. 

The panel focused on reactions 
from the United States, China, Japan 
and South Korea, that, along with 
Russia, have participated in six-party 
talks with North Korea over the past 
few years in an effort to curb the coun-
try's development of nuclear weapons. 

Haggard began the discussion 
with background history on the North 
Korean nuclear fiasco, organizing 
the North Korean timeline by major 
events such as the Six-party talks and 
President George W. Bush's notorious 
2002 State of the Union speech, dur-
ing which he grouped North Korea, 

[ KOREA, page 8 ] 

----CONCERT COVERAGE ----

FaliFest Brings the Heat 

ARASH KESHMIRIA N/CUARDIAN 
Hot Hot HfGtjrontroon Steve Bays shoolc his afro and displayed an energetic stage performance at this year's FallFest, 
along with openers Danger: Radio and Gym Class Heroes, who took the stage Oct. 13 at RIMAe Arena. 

By Kristyn Kennedy 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

O n the evening of Oct. 13, UCSD echoed with the sound of electric 
guitar and grating vocals. The 
campus buzzed with anticipated 
excitement - FallFest 2006 was 
officially underway, and three 
bands had promised to break 
the sleepy college atmosphere 
with their high-energy riffs and 
lyrics. 

FallFest opened with Danger: 
Radio, a baby-faced band from 
Seattle for whom the audience 

had high hopes. Rumors had 
circuIIted on the Internet that 
Danger intended to playa cover 
of Michael Jackson's "Thriller; '. 
which had spawned - among 
other things - a Facebook event i 
involving a group of girls' inten-
tion to "do the Thriller dance" at '. 
the concert for the press. '. 

Danger disappointed; '. 
"Thriller" never happened. The 
band rebounded, though, with 
a series of '80s-influenced popl " 
rock songs designed to boost the :: 
audience's energy. 

[ FAWEST, page 9 ] 

''''never hall 
.. Of (Hat trat lteat) 
before, and I ended 

up having a really 
good time ..... 

- Jennifer Hines, Thurgood 
Marshall College Sophomore 

ASSEMBLY 
ENCOURAGES 

TOBACCO 
MONEY 

Question of tobacco-
funded research boils 
down to academic 
freedom debate. 

By Nedn Oreizy 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

The UC Academic Assembly rec-
ommended to the Board of Regent 
in a resolution not to reject tobacco-
funded research at UC schools on 
the basis of moral or political stand -
ing by a vote of27 to 16 at their Oct. 
11 meeting. 

The resolution began with a rec-
ommendation to uphold a precedent 
created in 2005, that only gave the 
regents the right to prevent facul -
ty from receiving donations based 
solely on the funding source. The 
assembly also passed two related 
motions that both support academic 
freedom and assert that the tobacco 
industry has been known to sup-
press academic freedom in the past, 
according to Academic Senate Chair 
John B. Oakley 

Med Center Makes $48M Miscalculation -

According to John Pierce, a pro-
fessor and associate director for 
cancer prevention at the Moores 
Cancer Center, the center and the 
department of family and preventa-
tive medicine were among the first 
to decide on a ban for the acceptance 
of tobacco research money by their 
members. This came after David 
Burn, a clinical professor in the 
department was unable to receive a 
settlement grant due to a stipulation 
that recipients couldn't be involved 
in a group that had taken tobacco 
money in the past. 

When Burns presented the issue 
to the Academic Senate for review, 
the body voted that he couldn't 
accept it, and that an academic unit 
like the department of family and 
preventive medicine had no right 
to restrict academic freedom in that 
way. They also decided that system-
wide money should not bt; taken 
from foundations that restrict aca-
demic freedom. 

UCSD hospital 
overreports wage costs 
for Medicare services, 
but is. halted by 
government audit. 

By Sonia Mlndot 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

The three-year interval between 
the 2004 calculations and the final-
ization of thost: figures in 2007 
allowed agency officials to review 
and correct mistakes - like the $48-
million overcharge for pension ,osts 
- as well as settle any disputes from 
the medical center over the fmdings 
of these mistakes. 

According to the report, the cur-
rent Medicare hospital payment 
system is based 0 n predetermined 
rates. which include costs for pen-
sion and postretirement wages. The 
OIG claimed that the medical center 
failed to adhere to the system, gross-
ly overstating its average hospital 
employee's hourly rate due to inac-
curately calculating pension benefit 
amounts. 

UCSD biology professor Darwin 
Berg's research is partially funded 
by tobacco company Phillip Morris. 
but he said he has not been adversely 
affected by his other donors. 

The UCSD Medical Center mis-
calculated its 2004 hospital wage 
costs to Medicare and Medicaid ser-
vices, an error that could have poten-
tially cost the federal government 
agency approximately $48 million 
in its 2007 payment to 18 hospitals 
in the University of California sys-
tem, acco~ding to a recent report by 
the Office of Inspector General of 
the U.S. Department of Health and 
Human Services. 

Specifically, the OIG reported 
that the medical center overstated 

[ MEDICAl., ~ 7 J 
ARASH KESHMIlUAN/CUARDIAN 
~ Medical Center rnacIe mistaka in its interpmation ofMedkare hospital wage oosu 
that led the cmm to owrrtpOI't costs by '48 million. 

The issue came to the regents 
before in fall 2004, when President 
Robert C. Dynes wrote who a letter 
stating that "while people may differ 
in their views about the appropriate-
ness of accepting research funding 
from the tobacco industry, I believe 

[TOBACCO, page 81 

FOCUS 

Stumping for Stem _"&II~ 
UCSD's new smn cfil director, a veteran of the 
jWIl.foJhtsfor rtl«JT'Chfunding and activism. 
pile 10 

SPORTS 

Queens of the Hill 
Womens soccer dBfends NO.1 spot in 
with 4-0 steamroI1ing of Cal State ANIIt .tv..,. 
page 20 

INSIDE WEATHER 
lights and Sirens ................... 3 
letters to the Editor .............. 6 Oct. 16 Oct. I? 
Site Seen ............................... 11 H54 LS7 H64L53 
Campus Calendar ................ 12 
Classifteds ............................. 16 
Crossword ............................. 16 

Oct. 18 Oct. 19 
H72 LSJ H74L53 



2 NEWS 

SHORTY 

CURRENTS ------
Chemicals May Add 
Details to Memories 
In a recent study with rats, 

researchers from UC Irvine dis-
covered that the level of a che mi -
cal signal in the brain determines 
how detailed memories will late r 
become. ' 

The ne urotransmitter ace-
tylcho line, a che mi cal a lready 
known to be c ritical in learning 
and memory, is now thought to 
be the key to attaching detail s to 
memories. 

Norman Weinberger, a, UC 
Irvine research professor of neu-
robiology a nd behaVior, and eol-
leagues determi ned that higher 
levels of acetylcholine during 
learning tasks correlated with 
more facets of the experience 
being remembered . 

The study exposed rats to 
tones of different frequencies, 
which were paired with stimula-
tion to the nucleus basal is, the 
brain region that relays a ud itory 
commands by secreti ng acety l-
choline. 

During some experiments, 
stimu lation was weak, whereas 
in others it was stronger. When 
tones were replayed the follOWing 
day, scientists measured how we ll 
the rats remembered the frequen -
cies by calculating c hanges in 
respiration rates. 

The results showed that wea ker 
activatio n of the nucleu~ basalis, 
which corresponds to lower ace-
tylcholine release, led the rats to 
remember the tones but not spe-
cific frequenCies, whereas with 
greater stimulation and more ace-

tylchol ine, rats could remember 
frequencies along with the tones. 

The results are the first to 
discover the link between acetyl-
choline and memory specifi city 
and could have implications for 
trea ting memory-related di sor-
ders . 

Campus Researchers Get 
Counterterrorism Funds 

The National Institutes of 
Health have awarded UCSD fac-
ulty members five-year grants for 
two projects designed to devel-
op new and improved medica l 
co untermeasures agai nst chemi-
cal threats . 

Professor of medicine Gerald 
R. Boss was awarded $3.3 million 
for both precli nica l and clinical 
studies of a detoxifying agent for 
cyanide, a highly toxic chemical 
that cou ld be potentially used 
as a weapon of mass destruc-
tion. In addition, Skaggs School 
of Pharmacy a nd Pharmaceutica l 
Sciences Dean a nd pharmacology 
professor Palmer Taylor received 
$3.46 million to develop meth-
ods (or degrading nerve gas and 
eliminati ng toxicity after expo-
sure. 

The grants are meant to sup-
port therapeutics a nd techniques 
to improve the United States' 
medical response c apabilities 
in the event of terrorist c hemi-
cal attacks, or other widespread 
disasters such as chemica l spills. 
The NIH intends to commit about 
$10 million this year fo r such 
projects. 

Since 1982 

7442 Girard Avenue, La Jolla, California 
www.la/ollamu.lc.com 858-451-3375 

Pri~aJt ussons in Ollr Studios 
Guitars by Tay/or, Washburn, Samid: - Harps b, LJOn & Healy 

Band & Orchestntlnstru",ents by Gllusel, Selmer, Y tulUlluJ 
Sheet Music - Classical, J4Ul, Popular, & Metlwds 

Instruments from Around The World 

.------------------

I REGENTS 
0:0 FREE I I I 

• 
I 

• 
• 

'. 
• 
• 
• 

NEW YORK 
CHEESE SLICE 

No Strings Attached 
Ont per customer. 

Exp. 10121/06 fREEUaD 
DElIVERY! 

J 4150 Regents Park Row #170 858-550-0408 
-----------

",,,,, ",ut"/zu. 1:1. 
--------

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

r I 
I 

BY NANDlNl DATTA 

WIITE 
AIIUTIT 

(we'll even throw in a couple of bucks) 
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 

Pursue your MASTER'S DEGREE 
at the UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO 

The Master of Science in Internet Engineering 
America excels at entrepreneurship and USF claims one of the top 
entrepreneurial business schools . The University of San Francisco offers 
the MSIE, a classic Master's Program in computer science and software 
development for the internet industry, along with an Emphasis 
in Entrepreneurship. The Emphasis includes MBA courses, including 
Global Product Development and Entrepreneurial Management. 

OdIer Arts and Sciences Master's Programs: 
Asia Pacific Studies • Biology. Chemistry. Computer Science 
Economics • Environmental Management. Financial Analysis 
International and Development. Economics. Sport Management 
Theology • Writing (MFA) 

Detail,? Call 415.422.5135 or email asgrad@uslca.edu 
Applieltioll or 11IfumIIti0ll Packet? www.usfca.edu/gradlrequestinfo 

Visit tit ... progrllllllt www.usfcl.edu/lllrad 
Vi.it...., ....... "..,..1I: www ..... ..., ....... 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

Andrew Nguyen MIIoa(IIIIs ~ 
CIw1es Nguyen 
~Iey Mendon c...., ~ 

Nec!oOr.izy 
~ McArdle _ &IIW 

Ma"""': 'H<!ur.ux /., ........ _EdiIon ~~_Renller 
Nolhen Miklos 0pInIan fdIIor 

Nt .... ~i MocWe 0pIaI0n &iIor 
Dina! ~.r 5pofII filler 
NIc:I&r~ ....... 5partI EdIIor 

..... c.mp ...... .... 

MIIIMw...... "-dIIt f«us EdIIor 
Simone WIIIo<t .... ~ 

Jia Gu .--w. .... 1dIIor 
Arash keshmirian ....... ldIiw 

Richard Choi IleIIp ~ 
Jennif ... Hsu All .... 

YIIoooW--.a 
~...., 

Mi(hetle~t..'Z~ ~"ieu, 
Simone Wi""" ~ Wu,1CoINoin Vip 

Nini Bu~ That. E .. Willli .. oo, 
An .. ~ GIIIIIoI-,.. 
IIIiChooIrMI ...... -... 
MikeMartinet ...... AIt __ 

............ 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16,2006 

·LIGHTS & SIRENS---
Friday, Oct. 6 
11:29 p.m.: General disturbance 
~ Officers were contacted when an 
unknown subject banged on doors and 
yelled obscenities in Student Center 
Building C. 

Saturday, Oct. 7 
3:57 am.: Suicide attempt 

~ Police were called to Earth Hall 
South when someone overheard a cry-
ing female trying to stop her boyfriend 
from killing himself. Report laken. 
7:40 am.: Possible burglary 
• Four rooms in Mandeville Center 
were possibly broken into after a set 
of keys may have gone missing. It 
is unknown if anything was stolen. 
Report taken. 
12:16 p.m.: Report of vandalism 
• An unknown suspect broke through 
a plastic window in an office at the 
Student Center office and sprayed a 
fire elCtinguisher inside. Report taken. 

Sundtiy, Oct. 8 
2:55 a.m.: SuspiciOUS person 

~ Police were contacted when an 
unknown person danced in the mid-
dle of the intersection between Equity 
Lane and Voigt Drive. 

Monday, Oct. 9 
2:59 a.m.: Welfare check 

~ A woman called police and' informed 
them that her husband had been miss-
ing for two days. He is described as a 
6-foot tall. 52-year-old white male with 
short brown hair. Unable to locate. 
1] :55 am.: Injury 
• Officers were called when a 6O-year-
old female fell down in the main gym 
and subsequently had a bloody nose. 
3:11 p.m.: Report of vandalism 

~ An unknown suspect drew on 
the outside of the Eucalyptus Point 
Conference Center in marker. 

Tuesday, Oct. 10 
4:36 Lm.: Chemical spill 
• Police were called when someone 
accidentally put his or \ler elbow into 

acetic acid in Bonner Hall. 
11:05 Lm.: Injury 
• A 19-year-old female hurt her ankle 
while skateboarding in front of Media 
Communications Center. 
8:03 p.m.: Welfare check 
• Officers were called to check up on a 
Cafe Ventanas employee who had not 
been seen for several hours. The caller 
became concerned when they received 
a hang-up call from a local mortuary. 
Canceled before dispatch. 
11:44 p.m.: Suspicious person 
• The caller spotted a vehicle inside the 
canyon by Lot 406. Field interview. 

Wednesday, Oct. 11 
] 1 :57 am,: General disturbance 
• A 30- to 40-year-old male in a gray 
long-sleeved shirt was throwing objects 
at cars along La Jolla Village Drive. He 
was also seen throwing things into the 
woods and shouting. 
2:52 p.m.: 911 hang-up 

~ A male called police from the Applied 
Physic.s and Mathematics building say-
ing that he needed to speak to a police 
officer but was unable to "speak freely." 
He said he had to leave, was discon-
nected' and did not answer on call 
back. False alarm. 
4:34 p.m.: Lewd act in public 

~ A 6O·year-old male with a thin build 
was seen looking over the barriers 
between stalls in a bathroom near 
Pepper Canyon Hall. Unable to locate. 
5:48 p.m.: Injury 

~ After being stung by a stingray on 
the beach and receiving a ride back to 
campus from a stranger. a 23-year-old 
male student was unable to walk and 
was believed to have had an allergic 
reaction to the sting. 
9:36 p.m.: Suspicious person 
• A black male of unknown description 
was seen taking items off the tables and 
putting them into a white bag on the 
second floor of Geisel Library. The sus-
pect was also seen reading an atlas. 

- Compilfd by Malt L 'Heurfux 
A SSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Smoking Pot May Stave Alzheimer's 
A new study suggests 
that marijuanas active 
ingredient may inhibit 
plaque buildup in 
Alzheimer's patients. 

By Joshua Christensen 
CONTR IBUTING WRITER 

A recent study from scientists at 
La Jolla's Scripps Research Institute 
suggests that the active ingredient 
in marijuana, te trahydrocannabi-
nol . may someday prove to be an 
effective treatment for Alzheimer's 
disease, a debilitating degenerative 
memory disorder. 

The dementia caused by 
Alzheimer's disease is debilitating to 
both memory and language capac-
ity. currently affecting approxi -
mately 4.5 million Americans. Five 
percent of the population over 65 
years old. and more than half the 
population over 85 now has the 
disease, according to the National 
Institute on Aging. In addition, 
the Alzheimer's Association esti-
mates that the number of affected 
Americans could increase to 16 
million by 2050. 

There is no cure for Alzheimer's, 
and the causes remain a mystery. 
But help may be on the way in the 
form ofTHC. Alzheimer's patients 
all show unusuall y high levels of a 
key enzyme. acetylcholinesterase 
(AChE) . which forms a kind of 
plaque in the brain. According to 
the study. dopenzil and tacrine. 
two leading drugs in the treat -
ment of Alzheimer's patients, show 
only 22 percent and 7 percent 
effectiveness in inhibition of the 
enzyme. respectively. However. 
the study suggests that THC has 
shown significant effectiveness at 
stopping the effect on aggregation 

- blocking it "completely." But the 
study, which was supporled by the 
National Institutes of Health, is 
still in its infancy. 

THC "may provide an improved 
therapeutic for Alzheimer's dis-
ease" that would treat "both the 
symptoms and progression" of the 
disease. the study stated. 

Dr. Kim Janda, a chemist at SRI. 
a member of the Skaggs Institute for 
Chemical Biology and the author 
of the study, declined to comment, 
and said that the study "has been 

Our results are 
conclusive enough to 

warrant further 
investigation?' 

- Dr. Kim Janda, 
Study Author, Scripps 

Research Institute 

badly politicized and taken out of 
context by the media:' 

However. in an SRI press 
release, Janda stressed the signifi-
cance of the new findings while 
also denouncing illegal drug use. 

"While we are certainly not 
advocating the use of illegal drugs, 
these findings offer convi ncing evi -
dence that THC possesses remark-
able inhibitory qualities. especially 
when compared to AChE inhibi -
tors currently available to patients," 
Janda stated. 

Other authors of the study, 
titled "A Molecular Link Between 
the Active Component of 
Marijuana and Alzheimer's Disease 
Pathology," include SRI researchers 
Lisa M. Eubanks. Claude J. Rogers 
and Tobin J. Dickerson. 

According to the press release. 
any new treatment that could halt 
or even slow the progression of the 
disea e would have a major impact 
on the quality of life for patients. 
including reducing the staggering 
costs associated with the disease. 
A survey from the National Center 
for Health Statistics stated that half 
of all nursing home residents have 
the disorder, and the NIA estimated 
that Alzheimer's- related treatment 
costs are $100 billion annually. 

Although skeptics have histori -. 
cally questioned marijuana's poten -
tial as a viable medical drug. the 
study's results strongly suggest a 
realistic possibility of a new treat -
ment for the mysterious disease. 
Marijuana is currently labeled as 
a "schedule-one" drug by the U.S. 
Drug Enforcement Administration 
- the most restricted category 
- meaning that even under medi -
cal supervision, it is unsafe to use. 
However, many states. including 
California. have legalized the med -
ical use of marijuana. 

Currently, there are four 
FDA-approved treatments for 
Alzheimer's that work by inhibit-
ing the active site of AChE. and 
marijuana's potential has given sci -
entists at SRl the desire to advance 
their research . 

"Our results are conclusive 
enough to warrant further inves-
tigation." Janda stated in a press 
release. 

Although the research has dem-
onstrated that THC can prevent 
the mental decline associated with 
the disease, marijuana is not nec-
essarily good for the mind . Other 
studies have suggested that heavy 
marijuana use can impair memory 
and users' ability to pay attention 
to more than one thing at a time. 

Readers ca ll contact Joshua 
Christensen at jachrist@ucsd.edu. 



Web poU I Has YOUT professor ever been overtly religious in class? 
Yes, and it did not botner me 

' 4 

THE {fGUARDIAN 4 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Nathan Miklos 
opilJ;olJ@ucsdguardial1.org OPINION • No • 1 don't pay attention in class • Yes, and it bothered me Vote 011 the _ queltion at _.lICSIigwrdl'/lJJtp, 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 , 

Teacher s Got a Gun 
Arming Teachers 
Could Save Lives 

By)im Shen 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

I n the wake of several school .shootings in the past few months across the nation, Wisconsin state Assemblyman Frank Lasee (R-Bellevue) proposed a measure that 
would allow teachers, with the proper training, to carry 
firearm on campus. While many have ctismissed the idea 
as out of hand, a serious look at this proposal shows it does 
have some merit. 

Bringing firearms onto school grounds is not without 
precedence. Before the Gun Free School Zones Act of 1990, 
which prohibited firearms Within 1,000 feet of a school cam-
pus, many schools had rifle teams, with both teachers and 
students keeping firearms locked in their cars. 

In Thailand, the government relaxed its otherwise strict 

PRO 
gun control policies for teachers in 
the wake of several school shoot-
ings in 2003 as well as an Islamic 
insurgency that began in 2004 that 

targeted several schools. At least one teacher in Thailand has 
escaped death at the hands of gunmen by shooting back at 
them while making his escape. And after the Ma'a1ot mas-
sacre in 1974, Israel placed armed guards inside schools. 
Since then, the only instance of outsiders killing Israeli 
schoolchildren was in 1997, when a Jordanian soldier 
gunned down seven Israeli schoolgirls as they visited the 
Jordanian border. 

While [srael and Thailand face more extreme circum-
stances than those in Wisconsin, their responses show 
that arming teachers or placing guards on campus is a 
viable option. Even in the United States, a principal with 
a handgun accomplished what multitudes of gun control 
laws could not: He successfully stopped a school shoot-
ing in progress. During the Pearl High School, Tennessee 
hooting in 1997, in which student Luke Woodham killed 

[ PRO, page 6] 

RICHARD PHAM/GUARDIAN 

-roPJ'Y: 
8U. fIF 
fQtft'U··· 

Prevention, Nonlethal 
Options Are Best Bet 

By Daniel Nguyen 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

L ast month, Wisconsin state Assemblyman Frank Lasee (R-Bellevue) proposed a bill that would allow teachers to carry concealed firearms on campus, 
claiming it would make schools safer. He argued that 
many other countries such as Israel and Thailand have 
already given teachers the right to carry concealed fire-
arms at school, providing schools with a safer learning 
environment. But there are plenty of reasons why such 
a measure is impractical: In fact, it may make things 
worse. 

For one, it's expensive. It costs about $300 to train one 
person to use firearms and obtain a certificate allowing 
for the possession of concealed firearms. Furthermore, 
teachers would need a required 
40 hours of instruction to receive 
the certificate. Schools would also 
have to provide teachers with fire-

CON 
arms, such as a .22 caliber handgun, which costs about 
$250 apiece. Public schools are simply not in the finan-
cial shape to be spending that kind of money per armed 
teacher. California lags behind most of the nation in 
average amount of operational expenditure per student 
and amount of money invested in public education. With 
schools complaining about a lack of funding for such basic 
necessities as textbooks, is it reasonable to spend much-
needed dollars on training teachers to wield firearms? 

Far from making students safer, putting handguns in 
classrooms might malee schools even more dangerous. 
With guns already on campus, a student with intent to kill 
wouldn't have to go through the trouble of bringing their 
own weapon. How hard would it be to overpower a single 
teacher, or maybe find an unattended gun? What about a 
potentially violent teacher who might use their weapon 

[ CON, page 6] 

Keep Your Friends Close, But Your Roommates Closer 
I t's spring quarter of last year and I'm psyched about my future liv-ing situation. One of my soon-to-
be apartmentmates had a great hous-
ing sign -up time, so we were lucky 
enough to secure one of the rare 
and treasured five-girl apartments in 
Muir. This means we won't have to 

and serve as reminder for upcoming 
ice cream socials. And now, rather 
than across the quad, resident deans 
live right next door - how cozy. All 
this doesn't exactly spell freedom. 

At least second years choose their 
apartmentmates though. That's a plus, 
right? Sort of. 

scatter through ' 
residence hall sin- -~""'-S~t-e-a~IP.!.I!"'n-g­
gles or trek all the 
way from Warren 
every day. What :~ the Shoes 

With apart-
ment living spaces 
so isolated from 
neighbors, you 
better enjoy liv-
ing with the peo-
ple you choose 
- and only those 
people - because 

could be better? -. 
... ~ Hadley Mendoza 

hsm e ndoz@ucsd.edu 
But one month 
in and it's dear: 
Second-year liv-
i ng isn't what it's cracked up to be. 

To the untrained eye, "on-cam-
pus apartment" means on-campus 
convenience with apartment inde-
pendence. While qmvenient, RSOs 
still prowl the apartment halls, taldng 
pleasure in harassmg the audible-
music listener. H.A.s still visit fre -
quently and randomly to say hello 

you won't be seeing much of anyone 
else. Second year I chose to live with 
friends I had made outside my suite. 
While the five of us get .a1ong and 
share common interests, it occurs to 
me now that living cohesively is more 
nuanced than that. 

Like most freshmen, last ·year 
I wa assigned a roommate whom 

I had never met before - which She has three tattoos, I can barely out, this freshman, though nice, is 
was immediately obvious to anyone 
who stepped in our room. Her side 
was black and red and very simple. 
mine was an obnoxious explosion of 

having similar 
eep patterns, diet 

and habits are even 
more important 

than actually having 
common interests. 

purple, green, blue, orange and pink 
with pictures covering every sur-
face . She listens to trance music, I 
like the Beatles - or sometimes E40 
- but that's another story entirely. 

handle getting shots at the do(;tor's very shy and I susp«t very annoyed 
office. Clearly we were an unlikely with our nearly constant parade 
duo. However, it was my roommate of visitors. But that's really just an 
that accompanied me on In-N-Out assumption based on the few times 
missions to escape the dining com- we've run into one another en route 
mons and pulled Muir 40 all-night- to the bathroom. In reality, she (;ould 
ers with me. very well be Batglrl. usinB her room 

11 turns out the housing gods IS a temporary seaet lair while the 
matched us pretty well; maybe hav- Batcave is being remodeled. Who's 
ing similar sleep patterns, diet and to say? 
habits are even more important than Besides those awkward en(;oun-
actually having common interests. ters, the apartment itself isn't a 
Despite our obvious difJem1ces, I got structural masterpiece. For reasons 
along great with.my roornrntte fresh- unknown, the bathroom floods 
man year because we were compat- entirely at random. leaving us to 
ible in all the subtle ways that coun~. mop up inches of questionable water. 
After all, when you're delirious from When the uninvited sewer has been 
lack of sleep and pumping out three harnessed, were just in time to fiee 
more pages of rhetoriCal analysis It the squealing ring of the fire alarm. 
really doesn't matter what your favor- . This is an alarm that sounds singu-
ite color is. JarJy in our apartment when there is 

Now \t's a yeu later, and to begin. no heat, smoke or flame to be found 
one of the five decided to live off - we aren't even cooking. 
campus, leaving a randomly placed 
freshman to fill her spot. As it turns [ SHOES, page 5] 

The views expressed herein do not !,ecessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Associated Students. J 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR-~--- Disenchanted 
With Second-

Year Digs 
Hillcrest Hospital 
Move a Mistake 

Dear Editor, 
It seems to me that UCSD is 

malting a big mistake in closing the 
Hillcrest hospital. Why is UCSD mov-
ing resources away from the largest 
growing population and into La joUa? 
Last time I checked, there are many 
quality hospitals fuUy equipped with 
inpatient services within minutes of 
campus. 

UCSD is ignoring the fact that the 
lower class residents in South County 
won't have access to health care while 
we'U have yet another hospital campus 
nearby. And their solution is to tell 
residenls of that area to fmd transport 
up here? As if traffic around campus 
isn't already a problem during peale 
hours. The editorial in your paper 
("Economical Hospital Move Will 
Hurt Needy: Oct. 12) notes that by 
the time UCSD closes all of the beds 
at the Hillcrest hospital, south and 
central San Diego will be over full 
capacity for care, so where will all the 
people go? The bottom line is that we 
don't need an addition to Thornton 
here in La Jolla, and people in south 
San Diego need access to a full-service 
hospital dose to their homes. UCSD 
needs to stop thinking about making 
money and consider the impact on 
the community instead. . 

- Chris Dring 
Sophomore, Thurgood Marshall 

College 

Need Jobs? Let's Give 
Students Guns! 

Dear Editor, 
"It is a melancholy object" that 

those citizens whose children are of 
school age must·again be made aware 
of the dangers that lie within thtse 
academic institulions. The evenlS of 

the past week have, for some citizens, 
reopened wounds left by the tragedies 
that occurred at Columbine High 
School seven years ago. 

These events, though tragic, have 
also served to galvanize orne of these 
citizens to causes whose efforts are 
occasionally classified as being "anti-
gun:' This galvanic aftershock, how-
ever, has also drawn the attention of 
other citizens away from these trag-
edies, and instead, spurred them to 
focus their energies and efforts to 
protect what they believe to be threats 
toward their right under the Second 
Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. 

Unfortunately, these initial reac-
tions bear the telltale signs of politi-
cization - and so provide little hope 
that any meaningful change will come 
for those remaining citizens who 
merely ask that the safety of their 
children be considered. 

But, rest assured, J intend to do 
more here than simply provide a nar-
rative of these events. 

I, for my part, having turned my 
thoughts upon this important sub-
ject, and weighing several possible 
solutions to prevent further tragedies 
from occurring, have derived a pro-
posal that is mutually beneficial for 
citizens on both sides of this debate. 

Instead of investing time and 
money in keeping guns out of schools, 
why not simply enact legislation that 
would require each child be provid-
ed with a handgun as they arrive at 
school each morning. and each gun 
coUected as each child leaves in the 
afternoon? This policy would ensure 
the safety of this nation's children (not 
to mention protecting their Second 
Amendment rights) by enabling each 
child to defend them self from anyone 
who wished them harm. 

This policy would, in addilion to 
the issue it is intended to address, pro-
vide for a potential increase in domes-
tic economic growth at a time when 
many U.S. industrial manufacturing 

Wednesday, Odober 18th 
10:30a.m.-2:30p.m. 
Library Walk (PC Ballroom if rain) 
Talk informally with representatives from over 
150 degree programs! Collect brochures and 
apps, get your questions answered, and find 
out which programs are the best match for you. 

jobs are being outsourced to nations 
overseas. According to the Consumer 
Federation of America Foundalion, 
in 1997 alone, the U.S. gun industry 
domestically produced 3.6 million 
guns - 1.4 million handguns, and 2.2 
million rifles and shotguns. The rev-
enue garnered by these sales, if added 
to the sale of ammunition, totaled 
over S 1.3 billion. 

Based on statistics gleaned from 
the 2005 census, it is estimated that 
the total number of preschoolers 
(under age five) in the United States 
is 20.3 million, ~Iementary-age chil-
dren (5- 13): 36.1 million, and high 
school -age children (14-17): 17. 1 
million. 

Therefore, we may say that 
apprOJdmately 73.5 million school-
age . children live within the United 
States. As of 200 I , employment in the 
small-arms industry had leveled off at 
approximately 7,000 employees (earn-
ing approximately S 16.75/hour).lf the 
proposal described here is adopted as 
an article of legislation, an immedi-
ate demand would be created for an 
additional 73.5 million small arms 
- which could potentially generate as 
many as 14,300 new jobs. 

- Pri}'an Weerappull 
Psychology Graduate Intern, UCSD 

Shady Politics Behind 
Marijuana Ban? 

Dear Editor, 
I'm writing about: "Let's Face the 

Truth, America: A War on Drugs [s a 
War On Ourselves' (Oct. 12). 

Beyond just the use of marijuana 
as medicine, why do so many of our 
politicians want to keep a natural 
herb, that has never been documented 
to kill a single' person, a criminalized 
substance? Why do apparently intel-
ligent people want to arrest and jail 
other people who use or seU an easy-
to-grow weed? 

Perhaps to understand their posi-
tion we should study the history of 
u.s. alcohol prohibition. The notori-
ous gangster AI Capone made most 
of his illegal money from alcohol 
prohibition. Capone often bragged 
that he "owned" the city of Chicago. 
Obviously, he didn't own all of the 
city of Chicago; however, he had 
mosl or aU of Ihe polilicians and 
police who ran the city on his pay-
roll. AI Capone was a successful 
businessman and ilis not unreason-
able to suspect that the drug cartels 
of loday are following his business 
model. 

It's also not unreasonable to sus-
pect that the drug cartels may have 
many high-level politicians and police 
officials on their payroll. Obviously, 
the type of politicians the drug cartels 
would have on their payroll are those 
who advocate the continuation of the 
status quo of drug prohibition, which 
is making the drug cartels so fabu-
lously wealthy. 

I'm not saying that any specific so-
called "drug warrior" is on the payroll 
of the drug cartels. I'm just a little 
suspicious of the motives of all of the , 
drug-war cheerleaders. 

- Kirk Muse 
Mesa, Arlzol1a 

• The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. AU letters must be no longer 
than 500 words, typed, double-SJKICed 
and si~d with a name and applicable 
title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit 
for length and clarity. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian offia on 
the second floor of the Student Center 
or e-mailed Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: 
letters@ucsdguardian.org 

• SHOES, from page 4 
Our first -floor space evidently 

attracts no sunlight. Outsid~ it's 2 
p.m. on a sunny afternoon but in 
my living room it's the dead of night. 
As you can imagine, by thi poim 
my shins are well acquainted with 
the coffee table. However, despite the 
blind escapade that ensues each day 
my friends remain avid energy-sav-
ing sticklers. , 

Don't gel me wrong power sav-
ing is the way to be, but this is the 
Alaskan dark season we're talking 
about. My apartmentmates pr.obably 
prefer the dark because they appar-
ently require much more sleep than 
me. No all-nighters with this bunch. 
On the contrary, they don't share my 
tendency toward procrastination and 
distraction. There has been many an 
evening that I find myself the only one 
awake as early as midnight. What's 
more ridiculous? My apartmentmates 
aren't In-N-Out fans; these health nuts 
say no to meat in favor of green beans. 
Vegetables? I say pass the French fries, 
the saltier the better. Guess I should 
have paid closer attention to that "sub-
tle compatibility" thing. 

While the apartments seemed to 
be a paradise for second years, they 
are in practice a dreary concrete maze 
of isolated suites thaI hold no special 
freedom beyond that of the residence 
halls. So if you happen to be look-
ing for company and your apartment-
mates are busy doing something silly 
like finishing homework in a timely 
manner or eating tofu, you're basi-
cally shit out of luck. You can't really 
make conversation with the kids in the 
hou e lounge, because there aren't any. 
And obviously second years are just 
too cool for the campus-sponsored 
friend -meeting ice cream socials. 

MEET: Alliant University, Clinical Psychology I American University, School of International Service 
1 Cal State Fullerton, College of Business and Economics 1 Claremont Graduate Unive~ity I 
Dartmouth College, Arts & Sciences Graduate Programs 1 Duke University, School of Medicine I 
Fashion Institute ofDesign and Merchandising {FIDM)·I Georgetown University, Communication, 
Culture & Technology 1 Kedc Graduate Institute, Applied Life Sciences 1 Loma linda University, 
School of Public Health 1 Monterey Institute of International Studies 1 Noya Southeastern 
UnlYersity, College of Osteopathic Medicine 1 Pacific College of Oriental Medldne I Pepperellne 
University, Institute for Dispute Resolution 1 Ross University, Schools of Medicine & Veterinary 
Medicine 1 San Diego State University, Graduate School of Business; Graduate School of Public 
Health; School of Social Work I Southern ~Iifornia College of Optometry I Southern California 
Institute of Architecture I State University of New York, College of Optometry I Unlversldad 
Autonoma de Guadalajara, School of Medicine 1 UC Berteley, Jesuit School of Theology; Graduate 
Diversity Program; Graduate School of Education; School of Optometry 1 UC Irvine, School of Engi-
neering; School of Medicine 1 UCLA, School of Medicine; School of Education & Information Studies; 
School of Public Affairs 1 UC Riverside, Biological Sciences 1 UCSD, 15 graduate programs 1 UCSF, 
School of Pharmacy 1 UCSB, Graduate Division I University of San Diego, School of Nursing I Uni-
versity of San Frandsco, Sports Management Program 1 USC, Annenberg School for Communica-
tion; Keck School of Medicine; Leventhal School of Accounting; Occupation Science & Therapy; School 
of Cinematic Arts; School of Dentistry; School of Pharmacy ... " over 120 more! 

I - 1 ' VIt'W our pntirp F.lll Events Calendar at career.ucsd.edu 

I fC' S· ( t Located on LlbrdrY Walk _ I areer ervlces en er 
858.534.3750 



6 OPINION 

Arming Teachers Could 
Be Useful Crime Deterrent 
~ PRO, from page 4 
two and injured seven other students, 
principal Joel Myrick violated federal 
law by keeping a handgun in his truck; 
Myrick retrieved the weapon and sub-
dued Woodham before he could harm 
anybody else. Myrick didn't even need 
to fU'e a shot. 

Even though merely brandishing a 
gun at a suicidal attacker may not per-
suade him to surrender, having one on 
hand at least allows teachers to defend 
both themselves and their students. 
Having a firefight in a school hallway 
is not much of an improvement over 
a massacre, but it accomplishes two 
th ings that not having armed teach-
ers does not. In the event of a school 
shooting, having armed teachers or 
other personnel engaging the attack-
ers would buy time for students to 
escape. Obviously, these teachers 
would need extensive training as out-
lined in Lasee's proposal, not just in 
how to handle a fLrearm and accurate 
shooting but proper tactics on how to 
employ them. For armed teachers to 
be useful , they would need training 
on how to make quick tactical deci-
sions to best protect students with or 
without the use of a weapon. 

Additionally, the weapons used by 
school faculty must minimize the risks 
of collateral damage in the event they 

are actually used. To this end, teachers 
might be restricted to fi rearms such 
as handguns loaded with frangible 
ammunition - which breaks up into 
small particles upon impact with a 
hard surface - to reduce the risks of 
ricochets or passing through walls. 

The mo t important point of hav-
ing armed staff members on a school 
campus is to deter a school shooting 
from ever happening. Criminals are 
far more likely to attack a defenseless 
target, and all the gun control laws in 
the world will not prevent a criminal 
from breaking the law and bringing a 
firearm to a campus. Having a cred-
ible armed presence, not a security 
guard who fires in the attacker's gen-
eral direction and flees - like during 
the Columbine High School shooting 
- would provide an effective deter-
rent against anything short of a suicide 
bomber. 

The most important question to 
consider, of course, is whether the 
security risks at American schools 
justify such a response. Even with a 
string of recent school shootings, it is 
clear that while the chances of a sui-
cidal gunman or student walking into 
a school are fairly low, the threat still 
exists. Arming teachers with the right 
training and weapons may provide a 
solution. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, OCTOBER 16,2006 

Parental Involvement Better Than Guns 
• CON, from page 4 
in an inappropriate situation? Even 
with the best fLrearms training, there 
is still the chance of an acciden-
tal shooting. With possibilities like 
these, it's easy to see how having 
weapons on campus is more a threat 
than a safety precaution . 

Giving teachers - or anyone, 
for that matter - a gun implies that 
they are meant to use the weap-
on. This expectation would weigh 
heavily on the minds of students 
and the people who teach them. 
Guns give teachers a superfluous 
amount of power over student s, 
which if abused, could have disas-
trous consequences, such as teach-
ers opening fLre on students. Under 
these conditions, the atmosphere 
at school would resemble that of 
a prison as opposed to a learning 
environment. 

According to an ABC News 
report on school shootings, most 
shootings end with the shooter tak-
ing h.is or her own life. In addition, 
most cases show that the assail-
ants suffered from mental disorders 
such as depression. Will giving guns 
to teachers solve this problem? 

It would seem more logical to 
address the actual problem - which 
is that there are mentally unstable 
students who need help. Waiting 
for things to boil over, resulting in 
school shootings, is unacceptable. 

Perhaps instead of arming teach-
ers, the problem could be stopped 
by taking action with parents. It is 
the parents' responsibility to nurture 
and raise a child. It is also the parents' 
responsibility to make sure that the 
child is not suffering from mental 
illnesses. Incidents like Columbine 
and the 1998 school shooting in 
SpringfLeld, Oreg., would probably 

" ftpper spray, bean-~1iag gunS or even 
Tasers would provide 
adequate protection 

without the risks 
associated with 

handguns?' 

never have happened had the parents 
of the children paid closer attention 
to what their kids were dOing. 

And in the Columbine shootfng, 
fellow peers knew ahead of time that 
students were coming to school with 
the intent to harm other students. 
Students must report suspicious 
activity to school authorities as soon 

as possible. 
If safety were the main concern, 

schools would be better off hir-
ing security guards as opposed to 
arming teachers. Security guards are 
better trained for hostile situations, 
and they spend their careers dealing 
with dangerous situations. Teachers, 
on the other hand, are hired to 
teach, not to act as enforcers and 
protectors. 

And if arming teachers seems 
necessary, why not start with non-
lethal weappns? Pepper spray, bean-
bag guns or even Tasers would pro-
vide adequate protection without 
the risks associated with handguns. 
(Also, the cost of training teachers 
to use Tasers is about $75, much less 
than the cost of handgun training.) 
Furthermore, a Taser would take 
down anyone regardless of where 
they are hit, as opposed to a hand-
gun, which would have to hit assail-
ants in specific areas to eliminate 
the threat. And with any of these 
options, the risk of accidental (or 
even intentional) fatalities would be 
minimal. 

There are many alternatives to 
arming teachers if safety is the pri-
mary concern. Students shouldn't 
have to fear teachers in a learn-
ing environment. Arming teachers 
with handguns - even with .the 
best intentions - is fighting fLee 
with fire. 

www. ucsdguardian.org 
Visit our Web site to read stories, apply for a job or leave s~ory comments. 

uist 
wi W.kinl ~h'~aI 

+ 1 ... City ."ive 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16,2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 7 

Me4 Center Accepts Changes to Wage Estimates California Voters to Decide 
Education Facility Funding • MEDICAL, from page 1 pension wage costs by $22 mil-

lion, and overstated postretirement 
wage costs by 525 million. The 
newly-issued corrections propose a 
19-percent decrease from the UC-
released hourly wage averages, from 
$41.74 to $33.75. 

The medical center, though, 
refuted the agency's accusations of 
miscalculation. In a written state-
ment to the OIG, the center claimed 
that it determined costs using gen-
erally accepted accounting prin-

cip�es. 
Furthermore, June 2003 changes 

to the accounting manual used to 
estimate the hospital's reimburse-
ment were "ambiguous," according 
to the medical center's statement, 
and a 2005 Federal Registrar request 
to liquidate pension and postretire-
ment accruals complicated rather 
than clarified GAAP policies. 

The medical center argued that 
the OIG's claim of miscalculation 
was based on policy changes that 
were applied after inspections were 
made, and therefore, the medical 
center cannot be faulted in its wage 
reports. 

"The Medicare wage index is 
used in determining a portion of 
Medicare payments we receive for 
med. patients," said Bob Hogan, 
ehief financial officer for the UCSD 
Medical Center. "Every part of the 
country pays different wages, and 
Medicare tries to adjust their index 
according to these differences:' 

Medicare payments are deter-
mined by other factors as well , such 
as facility and construction fees; the 

two changes collectively account for 
Medicaid and Medicare fees used 
to treat Medicare patients in U C 
hospitals. 

Complications arise, however, 
when Medicare tries to calculate the 
costs of pension benefits, according 
to Hogan. 

"Pension benefits are considered 
part of costs paid of t;mployees," 
Hogan said. "It has to do with what 
your liabilities are and future liabili-

. e we could appeal 
a ecision to fight [the 
audit], it was best to 

comply at this time. ». 
- Bob Hogan, 

Chief Financial Offfcer, 
UCSD Medical Center 

ties, as opposed to payment$ going 
toward payment funds." 

The uncertainty of future legal 
responsibility makes it difficult to 
define wages. 

Often, Hogan said, "It's a 'differ-
ence of opinion on how to count 
pension costs." 

UC officials insist that their esti-
mations were in compliance with 
Medicare regulations and guidance. 

"Because the UC pension plan 
was fully-funded at the time of the 
2004 wage report, the OIG's ,view 
is that UC medical centen did not 
actually incur a cost or liability 

- i.e., UC costs are 'covered' by the 
pension plan surplus and therefore, 
do not represent actual costs," UC 
Office of the President spokesman 
Paul Schwartz stated in an e-mail. 

In defense of the center's meth-
odology in measuring wage costs, 
Hogan said he is skeptical of the 
consistency of federal officials' con-
duct. 

The difference in opinion within 
the federal system perplexed medi-
cal center officials. 

"We were working closely with 
Medicare services to explain finan-
cial accounts,W Hogan said. "But the 
Office of Inspector General did a 
review on an audit, and came up 
with a different conclusion." 

Despite frustration, the UCSD 
Medical Center has agreed to accept 
any change in wage estimates, and 
currently there is no possibility of 
a lawsuit. 

"While we could appeal a deci -
sion to fLght it, it was best to comply 
at this time;' Hogan said. 

Adjustments to GAAP pro-
cedures signify a change in how 
Medicare wiU report wage-related 
costs in the future. 

"While this represents a lost 
revenue opportunity, it does not 
represent any actual fmancial loss 
or necessitate repayment of UC 
funds," Schwartz stated. 

The revised reporting proto-
col applies not only to the UCSD 
Medical Center, but to all five medi-
cal centers within the UC system. 

Readers can contact Sonia Minden 
at sminden@ucsd.edu. 

By Serena Renner 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

Among California's 13 propositions 
for this election, the Kindergarten-
University Public Education Facilities 
Bond Act, which would provide fund-
ing for K -12 and higher education 
facilities over the next two years, is 
weighing heavy on the hearts of coUege 
officials this November. 

Last June, the University of 
California Board of Regents endorsed 
the proposition, also known as 
Proposition 10" which would grant 
$10.4 billion to education, namely 
$345 million per year to the University 
of California for facilities programs 
and an additional 5200 million over 
the two-year period to expand the 
University's medical scvhools and 
enhance telemedicine programs. 

Of the 5345 million set aside for 
the 10 UC campuses, 594.5 million 
would be allocated to UCSD to enable 
the campus to progress on important 
building projects and improve existing 
facilities, a UCSD press release stated. 

Projects include 575.1 million for 
classrooms, research labs and offic-
es at the Structural and Materials 
Engineering Building, 513.1 million 
for renovations of the 43-year-old 
Mayer HaU, 522 million of equipment 
for the Music Building, $1 million for 
the second phase of the Rady School 
of Management facility and $3.2 mil-
lion for improvements to the campus' 
chilled water and electrical distribu-
tioo systems, the release stated. 

Across the state, the bonds would 

provide a remedy to overcrowded 
public K-12, college and university 
classrooms which house 75 percent 
more students than they were designed 
for, according to a UC Office of the 
President press release. 

Furthermore, the California 
Postsecondary Education Commission 
estimates 64,000 more students to enter 
the University of California by 2010. 

Along with enrollment growth, the 
proposition plans to address seismic 
and life safety needs, renewal of out-
dated infrastrll£ture and upgrading 
university facilities in sdentific fields, 
according to the UCOP. Funds would 
also allow the univer$ity to continue 
construction plans for its campus at 
Merced. 

Opponents of Prop. ID, includ-
ing the California Taxpayer Protection 
Committee and California Political 
Review, believe that the bond is too 
large and argue that it would add to 
California's SI OO-billion debt. 

"California is facing the most severe 
fLnancial crisis in its history:' Executive 
Director for the California Taxpayer 
Protection Committee Thomas 
Hudson stated in a Legislative Analysts 
Office report. "The Legislature has 
squandered the opportunity to build 
new schools with the astounding 23 
percent growth in tax revenues over 
the past three years." 

Although the proposition costs 
510.4 billion, supporters call it a wise 
investment in California's future. 

Readers can contact Serena Renner at 
srenner@ucsd.edu. 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
Read Stories. Write Comments, Apply for a Job. 



8 NEWS THE UCsD GUARDIAN MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

UCSF Professor Calls 
Tobacco Ethics Into Question 

Expert: North Korea Will Continue Tests 

• TOBACCO, from page 1 
that it is the fundamental right of 
facu lty to accept such funding:' He 
cited that faculty, regardless of their 
funding source, are bound by "the 
highest ethical tandards of intel-
lectual hone ty and integrity in 
re earch." 

For the Oct. 11 meeting, Dynes 
distributed materia ls to the assem-
bly, reminding them of a resolution 
passed last year by the Academ ic 
Senate. The resolution warned that 
academic freedom issues would 
result if faculty was not funded based 
on futu re uses of 

had been engaged in fraud . 
"T he [tobacco] indust ry is care-

ful in the selection of projects and 
individuals for funding;' he stated in 
a letter to his colleagues. "Moreover, 
history demonstrates that if the fi nd-
ings do not support pro-tobacco posi-
tio ns, funding wi ll be withdrawn." 

Glantz referenced Enstrom's study 
as an example of how the tobacco 
industry has used research for its 
own benefit in a Missouri case. 

According to Enstrom, " [Glantz] 
makes a number of false statements. 
I th ink that's why [the vote has] 

come down in the 
their research 
results. 'm not corrupt. 

favor of academic 
freedom . ... The ' 
tobacco industry 
has not behaved 
very profession-
ally over the years 
either, but that 
doesn' t mean 
that eve rything 
that other people 

"TItis is a difference of 
opinion that Glantz 

has tried to tum into a 
scandal?' 

UCLA profes-
sor and researcher 
James E. Enstrom 
agreed in an 
article in online 
pub l i c ation 
In side Higher 
Education , "The 
whole purpose of 
a university is to 
provide an envi-
ronment where 

_ James E. Enstrom, UCLA do with tobacco 
Associate Research Professor funding is wrong. 

.. . Glantz was try-

people can pursue the truth. To dictate 
what research is done at a univllrsity 
destroys the objectivity of a univer-
sity:' 

However, Assembly member and 
UC San Francisco professor Stanton 
A. Glantz, believes that new infor-
mation is now available to over-
turn the previous resolutions and 
clarify the regents' position toward a 
ban on tobacco-funded research. He 
cited the regents' previous decision 
to divest from tobacco stock in their 
investment portfolio, and argued ' 
that the tobacco industry has abused 
academic research and "manipulated 
the scientific process." Also, referring 
to a recent fed eral district court rul-
ing, Glantz argued that the industry 

ing to make a case 
that I was corrupt, but I'm not cor-
rupt. This is a difference of opinion 
that Glantz has tried to turn into a 
scandal ." 

Enstrom said he does not believe 
it is likely that the regents will ignore 
the Academic Senate's recommenda-
tion, but conceded that the issue will 
not be finalized until the regents act 
on it. 

Stephen Green, a spokesman for 
Lt. Gov. and ex-officio Regent Cruz 
Bustamante, who brought the issue 
to the regents in September, said, 
"[ It's] not an issue [Bustamante] 
plans to give up on ." 

Readers can contact Nee/a Oreizy at 
hineda@gmaiLcom 

University of 
Southern California 

• KOREA, from page 1 
along with Iran and Iraq, in "an axis 
of evil." 

"North Korea is a regime arming 
with missiles and weapons of mass 
destruction, while starving its citi -
zens;' Bush said. "States like these, and 
their terrorist allies, constitute an axis 
of evil , arming to threaten the peace 
of the world. By seeking weapons of 
mass destruction, these regimes pose 
a grave and growing danger:' 

Haggard also discussed the reso-
nating effects of recent sanctions on 
North Korea's civil ian population, 
which has been plagued by famine 
and poor economic conditions for 
decades. 

"We are going to see food short-
ages in the spring;' Haggard said. "It's 
going to add a humanitarian dimen-
sion to the issues." 

Shirk focused her discussion on 
China's influence in the North Korean 
nuclear test and stressed China's pow-
erful position as one of North Korea's 
main allies. 

"China holds the key to ending 
North Korea's nuclear program," Shirk 
said. 

Shirk then wc;nt into further 
detail regarding China's relationship 
with Japan and how that relation-
ship has been strained by the nuclear 
test. Shirk said China, which has 
had a historically strained relation-
ship with Japan, had f1l1ally gained 
ground after a recent visit from 
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. 
Addressing Japan's concerns dur-
ing the trip, China's leaders assured 
Abe of a non-nuclear North Korea. 
However, the nuclear test soon after 
proved otherwise. 

"The timing of the test is viewed 
by China as a big slap in the face," 
Shirk said. 

Cheung addressed North Korea's 
ideology and political motivations. 
Chelmg viewed the nuclear test as 
a bargaining chip that North Korea 
could use to achieve its goal: the 

Preparing Leaders in Urban Education 

Master of Education in Doctor of Education 

ARASH KESHMIRIAN/CUARDIA N 
From left. northeast Asian issues lp«ialistTai Miny Cheung. political science professor Susan 
Shirlc and Korw-Pcu:i/ic studies profossor Stephen Haggard discuss a nuclear North Korea. 
removal of economic sanctions 
imposed by the United States. 
Therefore, the recent test was, he 
said, just a taste of things to come. 

"North Koreans will still contin-
ue to test their nuclear capabilities 
as well as their missile capabilities," 
Cheung said. 

Tensions between North Korea 
and the United States have escalated 
in recent years, especially in the wake 
of the stalled six-party talks. 

Those tensions came to a head on 
Oct. 3, when North Korea announced 
its intentions to conduct a nuclear 
test regardless of any international 
dissent. Six days later, North Korea 
made good on its word, detonating 
a device underground that triggered 
seismic readings throughout north-
east Asil. U.S. officials estimated that 
the explosion was equivalent to 500 
metric tons of TNT. 

In response to the country's claim, 
the United Nations Security Council 
issued a unanimous condemnation 
of the explosion. 

However, North Korea's U.N. 
ambassador, Pak Kil-yon, said lISt 
week that the council should "con-

gratulate" his country's scientists and 
researchers on their achievement, 
instead of issuing what he called 
"notorious, useless and reckless reso-
lutions." 

As of Oct. 13, air samples taken 
from North Korea are consistent 
with a nuclear test, according to U.S. 
intelligence officials as reported on 
CNN. 

The U.N. Security Council passed 
another unanimous resolution on 
Oct. 14 imposing sanctions on the 
isolated communist country. 

The resolution requires that 
Pyongyang not conduct further nucle-
ar tests or launch any type of ballistic 
missile, and demands that the coun-
try abandon all programs to develop 
weapons of mass destruction. 

It also bans trade in luxury goods, 
and requires me~ber states to freeze 
the assets of North Korean entities 
and individuals. 

The North Korean government 
has called the sanctions a declaration 
of war. 

Readers can contact Dennis Tran at 
detran@ucsd.edu. 

SPECIAL 
EGG DONOR 

NEEDED 
Po t econdary dministration 

and Student Affairs 
Athlrr:ic Administnltion 
CouIIselillg ami Advising 

3-YC<\r &to. Program 
Preparing practitioner·scholars. 

Preferred Donor will meetfthe follOwing criteria: 

rudcor IIFEUrr 

Masrer of Educauon 
&juwioo.J ~)thoIogr/lllSlI.,.;til>llaJ"~ 

Marriage and Family Thctapy 

School Counscling 

Master of Science in 
Teaching English to peakers 

of Other Languages 

Master of Arts in Teaching 
and Teaching Credential 

fupclrillg tolC/tm ill 1 J /1l()/Ith 

Doctor of Philo ophy 
funy-funded PhD. Prognm 

Preparing facull)' lind 
cducariol1alll!$C3cchers. 

;\ t the Rossier Sch.ool of E.cJuutioo, ",\, 
~k to ttlIIlSform urlwl education by: 
- Preparing and developing educati9nal 

leadert who are th2nge agents with 
a commitment to improving 

urban communities: 

- Leading the $Card! COt io.oovative 20d 
ju.~t so/u.tion!i; 

- reating mutu.a!ly bentficial partnerships 
to rclhink curriculum, impJ'O\'C 
educational mvimruncnts, and 

develop sound policy. 

Meet Out admisaioos repmentaa.t on 
Wednesday, Octobe.r l8, 2006 from 1(}'30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. 

at the Gnduate and Professional School Fair. 
soeinfo@lI$c.edu 

Height Approximately 5'9 or Taller 

Causasian 

S.A.T. Score Around 1275 or High A.C.T. 

College Student or Graduate Under 30 

Athletic 

No Genetic Medical Issues 

COMPENSATION $80,000 
Paid to you and/or the charity of your choice 

All related expenses will be paid in addition to your compensation 

(Extra compensation available for someone who might be 
especially gifted in athletics, celmathematics or music) 

For more information or to obtain an application please contact 
Michelle at the Law Offices (866) 330-6036 or email 

Donorinfo@pacbell.net 

-this ad is being placed for a panicular cUent and is not soliciting eggs for a donor bank. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

Headlining 
Band Calls 

Campus 'USC' 
• FALLFEST, from page 1 

Eleanor Roosevelt CoUege fresh-
man M ina Ahmad praised "the 
(band's) guitars and solos; while near-
by, another girl screamed, "I love hot 
hat man'" referring to Danger's lead 
singer, Andrew de Torres. 

At about 8:30 p.rn, Danger left the 
stage, and were replaced by rockJ rap 
entrepreneurs Gym Class Heroes. The 
Heroes used pinky promiles and short 
comedy sketches between songs to 
boost the crowd's participation. 

Lead singer Travis McCoy's rap-
like lyrics blended with the dance- rock 
beats played by his band - and for the 
first few Heroes songs, the audience's 
energy skyrocketed. 

When McCoy shot down pop 
star Justin Timberlake's c1aim of "I'm 
bringing sexy back," however, the 
energy began to wane. Even McCoy's 
dever, "The next time you run into 
[Timberlake] on the street,l want you 
to tell him that [sexy's] already been 
broughten," failed to boost audience 
participation, and ultimately many 
students judged the Heroes to be a 
"downer." 

"I really didn't \ike them at all;' said 
Nick Edwards, a local San Diegan who 
paid to attend the concert with two 
friends. "They sucked ... We don't 
actually know why we're still here. 
Other than 'cause we paid:' 

Two FallFest security guards, both 
of whom declined to give their names, 
agreed. After Heroes left the stage, 
they said that FaIlFest 2006 was one 
of the calmest concerts they had ever 
~ 

11'1 actually really dull; one said. 
"And the bandssucJc, which makes our 
job harder, because we can't even enjoy 
the music.-

By the time headlining band Hot 
HotHeat took the stase. RIMAC Arena 
seeriled entirdy lifdeu. Name recogni-
tioo did. h~, earn Hot Hot Heat 
the right to a packed floor and an 
active mosh pit, complete with crowd 
surfrn and windmilling. 

The Canadian qlj3rtet's unique style 
set them apart from the openers. Lead 
singer Steve Bays was a multitalented 
master, combining fast-paced lyrics 
with personal keyboard stylings and 
synchronized dance mows. 

At one point, Bays asked, "How's 
USC tonight?" and was met by a thick 
silence. However, Hot Hot Heat's single 
"Middle of Nowhere" elicited more 
audience participation than any other 
song all night. 

"I \iked Hot Hot Heat a lot,· 
Thurgood Marshall College sopho-
more Jennifer Hines said "I had never 
heard of them before, and I ended 
up really having a good time at the 
concert" 

While some students were happy 
with the lineup, others expressed 
satisfaction with the choices. A.S. 
Commissioner of Programming D.i 
Lam stated in an e-mail that. con-
trary to criticism, all three bands were 
chosen from student input back in 
August. 

"It is relatively difficult to find 
bands to play FalIFest,- Lam stated_ 
"For the past few years, arena-sized art-
ists .. . like the AU-American Rejects, 
Mwe [and) Death Cab for Cutie ... 
ha", been requesting more and more 
money. but because the FalIFest [bud-
get] has remained the same ($70.000), 
it has been getting harder and harder to 
find a band willing to play." 

Still , Fall Fest attracted about. 
4,100 students and 400 paid music-
lovers, which, though I smaller 
turnout than last year, was still suc-
cessful considering the day's raln, 
according to Lam. 

Most attendees ultimately had a 
good time at the concert. 

"I thought the concert started out 
with a really great band and ended 
with a lot of energy:' RewlIe College 
sophomore Manprm MUDllDIIl said 
"Ovmll, 1 thouaht it __ I great con-
cert." 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~e£'1tfttU 

v;:r~let 
..... 

NEWS 9 

Top: Second act Gym Class Heroes 
rapped sophomoriC lyrics over guita r 
riffs and drum beats, and rece ive d a 
lukewarm response from students. 

Fa, Left: Fa II Fest attra cted about 4. 1 00 
students and 400 p a id conce rt-goe rs 
at this year's fest iva l, held at RIMAe 
Arena on Oct. 13. 

Bottom Left: Headlining band Ho t 
Hot Heat's lead singer, Steve Bays, ser-
enades the crowd and jams on his elec-
tric keyboard after mistakenly referring 
to UCSD as 'USC 

Signature Ganlenburger rtblet, 
with creamy Jalapefio Mayo, 

Roasted Yeggies & Pepper Jack 
cheese on a whole wheat roll. 

Signature Gardenburger patti, 
Jamaican Jerk Sauce, roasted 

Red Peppers & Cheddar 
Cheese on a soft pretzel roll. 

77& 7 __ .. 
77 __ 



10 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Hanna Camp 
!ocus@ucsdguardian.org 

THcll'GUARDIAN 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

~ Projected cost of over 30 years of 
bonds sold by California 

under Proposition 71. 

........................................ ~ .. MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 .......................................... .. 

The D·-·";,,,~ 

JENNIFER HSUlGU~RO/~N 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN FOCUS 11 

SITE SEEN I Torrey Pines State Reserve 
Sure, sunset at the Cliffs Is pretty. ecosystem and that the titular trees weren't Come dusk, take your current love cultivated to the exduslon of all else. interest and a couple of beers and Those trees, the Torrey Pines, are the walk a few minutes at dusk, and rarest pines In North America and some of 
soon you'll be enjoying a great view and a the strangest-looking, having been twisted 
nice buzz. Everybody's happy. into odd, gnarled shapes by winds. The 

But consider an alternative spot for park's terrain blends a striking contrast 
appreciating natural beauty. Barely a few . between green plants and reddish earth, 
miles north of campus is the Torrey Pines and it's not uncommon for hang-gliders 
Reserve, a California state park open from and the occasional aircraft hobbyist 
8 a.m. to sunset - which probably means, coming from the Glider Port to make runs 
"Leave when you can't see the hiking past the park dlffs.ln addition to all that, 
trail anymore'- The park is situated off of you get sea air, awe-inspiring views, trails 
Highway 101 next to Torrey Pines Beach and sunsets that promise to be even more 
with enough trills 110 accommodate any colorfully picturesque now that the rains 
fitness IevwI, , perhaps that of a have finally started. Get out and appreciate 
total sloth wIW fPII1t the last three weeks a bit of San Diego coastline that hasn't 
drinking. caved to Southern California's ravenous 

Taking a hike is inarguably a dorky thing development monster. 
to do on a Saturday, but for those not 
troubled by the idea, the beauty of this 
preserve is worth it. Ellen Browning Scripps 
had a big hand in its creation, once buying 
the land and willing it to the people of 
San Diego after her death. Botanists and 
naturalists helped create plans to keep the 
environment stable, ensuring that no non-
native plants were brought in to disrupt the 

(Be a 

-HannaCamp 
FOCUS EDITOR 

16500 North Torrey Pines Road 
San Diego, CA 92037 

General parking: $6 weekdays, $8 
weekends/holidays 

- $8.16 / hou r 
- 6-15 hours/week 
- apps due by Oct 

at 11 :OOAM! 
Meet this weel< s featured vendors & farmers: 

MALDONADO 
GROWERS 
Maldonado Growers, a family owned 
business for the past 40 years, 
participates in farmers markets from 
Carlsbad to Chula Vista. Fred 
Maldonado, a native San Diegan, 
brightens each market with beautiful 
and exotic flowers. For the month of 

'-___ .... October, he'll have pumpkins, squash 
and gourds. Check out his special orders and seasonal bouquets. 

JOHANN'S AUSTRIAN BAKERY 
Brigitta Heil represents the family 

business of Johann's Austrian 
Bakery. Always delightful and 

friendly, Brigitta provides streudel, 
Danish pastries, French breads, 

rolls, pretzels and an exciting 
variety of Austrian breads. All of her 

products are available at farmers 
markets throughout San Diego 
County. Stop by for a cultural 
encounter with Austria 's best. 



12 CAMPUS CALENDAR 
Powered by t he Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

ACADEMIC 
Progroms "brood Info SeuioII fof History Majors 
- Come learn about the many opportunities that 
exist for History major! to study abroad all over 
the world. Get your questions answered by faculty, 
and History majors who have recently returned 
from studying abroad. 2pm, H5S 5086. Conta<t 

abroad~ucsil.edu or 858-534-1123 for more Infor-
mation. 

OEAOUNES tG Study Abrood: If you plan to study 
abload in Goningen or Potsdam, Germany In Spring, 
2007 or plan to participate In Tohoku Engineering 
program In Japan in Spring, 2007, the deadline 
for applications is Monday, October 16th In the 
Programs Abroad Office. Contact: abroad@lucsd. 
edu or 858·534-1123 for more information. 

CAREER 
R .. """, Writing for Intern"'lps .nd P.,Hirno Jobs 
- This workshop will guide you through the >leps 
to developing an eye-catching CO\l/!r lener and 
an unbeatable resume that includes ail of the 
essential elements. Develop a resume draft on the 
spot under the guidance of our career expert. 1~ 
11:15am atthe Career Services Center. 

On<amera Pnonkt ImervtewInt for Job SMIren 
- In this small-group workshop. you'll build your 
confidence by responding to real interview ques-
tions while being videotaped. Receive immediate 
feedback from our career experl, Ie.m by watch-
ing others. and get helpful tips from your peers. 
2-4pm in the Career Servkes Center Con~ence 
Room. ~registration is required, so please call 
858.534.3750 or >lop by the Career Servkes Center 
to sign up. 

Jot ".,...... L.IbomIIry ......... PI-..Ion 
- This free company presentation will ~ you up 
to speed on upcoming job and Intemshlp oppor-
tunities, as well as the goals, cu~nt projects, and 
corporate culture at the Jet Propulsion laboratory. 
Learn more at hnp://www.jpl.nasa.govl. 7:3~9pm 
In the Career Services Center Horizon Room. 

HEALTH 
Pt.Hea1lh Club F.1r - Corne out to see all the 
pre-health orgs in one place and decide which 
one to joinl Enter to win a free test prep course 
through Kaplan, and hear Brian Zegler, Director of 
Admissions at UCSO School of Medicine. 6-8pm in 
Price Center Ballroom B. 

you interested in one of the many p10grams ab<oad 
in China? learn how you c.n climb the Great Wall 
or visit an ancient Taiwanese temple an,d talk tG 
returnees about their experiences. With so many 
opportunities to study, work. and travet, there's no 
rea",n not to anend. 2:3~pm In the International 
Center Pavilion. Contact: abroad@ucsd,edu or 858-
534-1123 for more information. 

CAREER 
SAGE SdIcMrs Ptogrom Info Seuiofts . Discover the 
SAGE (Student Achievement Guided by experience) 
Scholars Program, a unlqUO! partnership between 
business and education that offers paid int.m-
ship experience, financial assistance, and profes-
sional skill development to first·generatlon col-
lege students with demonstrated financial need. 
Come learn about the program benefits, eligibil-
ity reqUirements, and application procedures.1~ 
1 0:30am, Career Services Center. 

UCDC Info SeuioII. - If you've ever wanted to live 
and work in the nation's.capital and get UC credit 
for it this program is for you! The UCDC program 
sends students from all majors to Intern and study 
in Washington, DC ""ery quarter, Come find out 
about requirements, deadlines, and the application 
process. llam-12 Noon, C.reer Services Center, 

GnocIuIa SIudJ In ~ - II .. you thinking 
.bout pursuing an advanced degree In engineer-
Ing/ Our graduate school advisors will show you 
how to weigh your options, research programs 
and complete the common .pplication require-
ments including the G~ ~e letters, and 
your swernent of purpose. 12:JO.l:3Opm, Career 
Services Center. 

LECTURE 
..... T __ 1II101tM1 - Renowned BrItish his-
torion Mr. Nigel West will speak about the impliu-
lions of the suicide bombings In July 2005 and the 
August 2006 Plot. 6pm at UCSD Internationlll House 
Gr •• t HaD. UCSD Students enter free with v.lid 
1.0. $20 for non-students. Sponsored by the San 
Diego Wmld Affairs Council.nd UC50 International 
House. 

MUSIC 
11Ie,.,.,.. 0IIII ...... ,,-Qllleedllw, with 
• free concert .t 7pm in Porter's Pub, 5tudent 
Center. Walking Ashland .nd City DrIve support. 

WED OCT 18 
ACADEMIC 
~ AbroId JIpIn Into SessIotI - Does study-
ing in Tokyo, YoI<ohama, Sendai, Tsukuba, Osaka, 

A CAD E M I C Tsuru, or Kyoto appeal to you/l.arn how you can 
Programs "brood China/Taiw.n Info SeuioII - Are study Japanese Language and Cukure, Engineering, 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS WITH 10 
WALK-INS WELCOME 
.,.,\;@~ .., 

I $5 OFF 

UTe 
University Towne Centre 
(858) 455-0420 

I ANY HAIRCUT 

FREE 
HAIRCUT with any 
CHEMICAL SERVICE 

Student discount with 10, Exp. 11/16/06 

ROCCO'S NAILS 858-202-0426 
Fills .......... """".".""".""".,,""""""",,.,,,,.,,' $'5 
Manicure &. Pedicure "" ......................... $23 
Full Set (pink &. white) .. _." ..... " ..... """ .. $25 
Spa Pedicure ....... " ..... " ........ " .............. " .. $65 

3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito 
(8!S8,1i52-991t19 I L _______________________ _ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

To list a UCSD ..... t on the GINIrdUn Clmpus Calendar, 
go to www.uadgUGtdlGn.org and link to -Calendar" 

'Dudlln.: WednesUy, 4pm 

FEATURED 

.--.... ROCKS 
2006 

UCSD Rocks! UCSD 
Open House 2006 
UCSD's street fair is the best way for all 
of San Diego to meet UCSD ... and even 
for UCSD studems, staff and clubs to 
meet each other. The lheme of UCSD 
Roc/ts! encompasses actiVllies ranging 
from rock climbing and rock bands to a 
Kids Zone and faculty demonslrations. 
Tips on obtaining a job at UCSD will br 
offered at a Career Fair. and special cam-
pus tours will br availa ble for prospec-

.nd other courseworl< In Japan -and eam academic 
credit while having the experience of a lifetime. 

2:3~pm In the International Center lounge. 
Conta<t: abroad@ucsd.edu or 858-534-1123 for 
mort infofmation. 

hODen OU&e 
-, .. 

21 CAREER 
"....... ond GrIcIuete SchooIItIfonMIion FeIr 
- Is an advanced degree on your career horizon? 
This is your opportunity to learn about admissions 
requirements and get answers to your questions 
while meeting with representatives from more 
than 110 graduate programs. Collect brochures 
and applications while finding out what each pro-
gram is really Iike.l0:30arn-2:30pm on library Walk. 
In case of ,ain. the fair will be moved to the Price 
Center Ballroom. 

..... , ..... _"""""'.0 .. UIMlMY,,~....... tive students and lheir parents. Parking, 
entry. festivities and shows are free. For 

funher information visit WWW,OPENHOUSE.UCSD.EDU 

SAT OCT 21, 10am-2pm ~~::t=::~kine 

Fact SetR .... "" ~ ~ -This free 
company presentation will get you up to speed on 
upcoming job and internship opportunities, as well 
as the goals, current projects. and corporate culture 
at FactSet Research. Learn more at hnp1Jwww.fact-
.et.com/careers/index.asp. 7:3~9pm In the Career 
Services Center Horizon Room. 

RECREATION 
"'"'"" ,. hoI1I Poetry ...... !Nturing guest 
poet Rudy Francisco. 7pm, free. 

SOCIAL EVENT 
All c..,.. Tr-w SodII - Meet other tr.ns-
Ier students, .nd get Information on studying 
abroad. And of course. free foodl 3:30-5pm at the 
International Center Dining Room. RSVP to liora n 
19uti@m!zlPUCsd.edu. 

THURSOCT19 
CAREEII 

........... .." A M ........ ,.,.... c-
,... -Everyone can follow, but only a few can INdI 
If you value 1eadenItIp. hldependence, inIegrIIy, 

. and a strong WOIk ethic. a ma~t posltIon 
may be fof you. He.r I panel ~ professionals from 
a v.riety of field. discuss entry-level management 
troining p1ogrl"", c.reer path~ and advice on 
obtaining. ma~t position. 2-3:lOpn In the 
C ..... Servkes Center. 

LECTURE 
......, "' .......... WtMW - II ·short version" of 
the College's world civilization !eqUO!nce. A tour of 
global trends and e'IeOts from the modem world. 
........ HerIoIt. Ph.O. Academic C'oordinator, 
MMW Program, UCSO presents "Patriarchs, Popes, 
and Icons: In ~nse of Orthodox Christianity 
against Catholic Crusaders In the 13th Century~ 
7-8:3Opm, Rooseve~ College Great H.II. Free and 
open to the public. 

MIry ..... PrIll, Silver Proles",r of Spani'" and 
Portuguese languages and literature at NYU 
and widely know scholar of latin American lit-
erature, presents the Eilion Memorial Lecture, t~1ed 
·Migrancy, Empire and the Politics of language: 
Toward a GeoIingulstic Imagination' 7pm .t the 
Cross Cuhural Center. 
Bajo Califomia poet EIuIIeth AIpMz opens ·La 
UABC en UCSO; which brings PQtts, scholars, play-
wrights, and critics from the Tijuana campus of 
Universidad Aut6noma de Baja California to UCSO 
to show<:ase their creative and scholarly works. 
Profl!Ssor IIIgrm,z's talk. entitled ·Amor es una 
palobr. agudl; wiU be In Spanish. 4pm, dleCeneau 
Room. 155 Literature Building. 

RECREATION 
The Price Center Film Series ~sents c.n. 6 & 9pm 
at the Pric. Center Theater, $3. 

FRI OCT 20 
CAREER 

UCDC .... s.-.. - The UCDC program sends 
students from •• majors to Intern ond study In 
Washington. DC every quaner. Come find out about 
the appUcation process. 12 Noon-lpm. c-
Semen Center. 

MUSIC 
11IeFll .... _ ..... ...-'-c-.12 
noon at Porter'! Pub pallo. 

SPECIAL EVENT 
TIoea.-.lor'lCllllllott SIC..."...,., SdIaIIn, 
annually hosted Ill' Chancellor MIrye fIn¥ Fox, 
brings students, facuiIy, staff, alumni and lJCSO 
friends In the community togfther for an afternoon 
of fun and fresh .Ir. all to benefit undergraduate 
scholarships at UCSD, The 5K ~unIW.lk starts .t 
12:15 p.m. on the North Campus Field near RIMAe, 
follows the campus crosHountry courw, .nd fin-
Ishes back .t the North Campus Aetd with lunch 
and an .w.rds program. UCSD students $10, staff 
and others $15 to enter. 

Learn about a new way 

rcolle~ 

Student Securities 
Securing JOur future. 

www.·studentsecurities.com 

Acne? 
The5klnSlJrqt'ry Mtldicdl Grouplill l\lOIHlu(tlll(lllt·,,·.II(1 .'II·,j,;';I,I! 

may hplp_ To ht~ .'ilfjlbli' "11'11 "Ill t 
• Hi' 1 } 11 i,') 11 t t1 " () f '\ (ll' . \ r I ~ ~ ( I, t 
. H,lVt' pl!llpll'<' Ilt1 \/(\111 t,\(" 
o H,' III q')od ':JI'"~'"d h,' 11th 

If you qlldldv yl)\I \'iill [,'( .'IVt' ,1T1 IIlVI'<,tlrj,ltH)fl,lI q! i 'llt'd'i ,It II)!' '(I' lJI' ~o 
1 I ' .. 'jl'l.k ... "nei Will hi' rt'llnbur ,I,d fflr tj," dl',j t',l';.'1 

~kln ",urqt',y f\1t'Orl.li C.Jrnlip·": 'h ',' :','d 1 

SPORTS-
.........., VoIIyW vs. Cal Poly Pomona, 7pm at 
RiMAe. I 

T C 
SPECIAL EVENT 

UCSDRocksIUCSOap... ...... JOO6, 1 0am-2pmon 
the campu~ See FEATURED box. 

SPORTS 
........... ,. ... Pomona Pitzer, 12 Noon at 
CanyorwJew Pool. 

....... ¥oII.,w VI. Cal 5tate San Bernardino, 
7pm .t RIMAe. 

SUN 0(T22 
ARTS 

ArtI'oweff pments the tradkional and avant garde 
chamber music of the CIIdeI a-.c. 2pm at 
MandMIle AIJdItorium. S 17 UCSD students, $31 
UCSO staff, $34 Go\. 

WEEKLY 
CAREER 

o.-c.o.p. _, ...... willi 'rep ~ Oct-
, 16-Nov. 17 - looking for • fulklme career p0si-

tion or high-level internship/ Industry'1NdIng 
etnpIoyen rwcnHI It the Career Services Center 
throughout the yelr for positions outside of our 
reguIIr listings. Log on to hltp:f/career.ucsd.edu 
and click on "On<Impus I,. viewing' to IeIm 
Ibout the complrlies and submiI your resume lor 
upcoming ~. Cu~ resume deadlines 
Indude: 10116 for CignI; 10117 for McM.ster-Carr; 
10119 for YMpoint, Inc. Cisco Systems, Target; 

1012~ for lockheed Martin; 10/25 forVlaSa~ FactSet 
Research, GoogIe; 10126 fof The Capital Group. 
Microsoft; lOf27 fof Abbon Vascular. 

CLUBS 
UCSD I.MfuIIe c-s.tiorI T .... - Bringing 
togfther native speakers & language Ie.mers fof 
Infofmal c~ion in O\I/!I 25 fortiign iangUl!t 
es. Everyone's w.kome to join, e'IeO beginnersl 
Meetings n Ca~ Ventanas, Weeks 2-10. For Infor-
mation on specific times & languages, ""it http:// 
lhouse.ucsd.edulcalendar .asp 

HEALTH 

Air Force ROTC s tudents get 
opportun l tl(~s like summer 
internshiPS In fore ig n countne; and 
leadership training. S(holarshlps 
prOVide up to full tU It IOn and up to 
$400 a monlh In spending money. 
Find out how you can make yOllr 
college c~rcer more noteworthy. 
Vi", it our Web s,ile or call our 
loll -free number. 

AFROTC.CO!4 • 1- 'U- UFROTC 

11195945550 
/5,",otc 'mail .,f"l1 t'l/ll 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN FOCUS 13 

Colleges Send the SAT the Small Envelope 
UCSD has remained 
firm in its use of the 
SAT in evaluating 
applicants, despite a 
growing movement to 
drop the test. 

By Malthew Leavitt 
ASSOCIATE fOCUS EDITOR 

For years the SAT has been the gatekeeper to a college career. Without an SAT (or 
equivalent A.C: f.) score, preferably 
as perfect as pOSSible, most colleges 
will not accept ~n application. But 
critics say the test's structure seems 
cruel and heartless, created spe-
cifically for those wealthy enough 
to train Rocky-style for a gauntlet 
of convoluted word problems and 
archaic analogies. Although it is 
a gross oversimplification to say 
that some did not get into college 
because they could not tell when 
Johnnie, who started going 15 miles 
per hour east at 1 a.m., will meet 
Susie, who began traveling west at 
20 miles per hour 200 miles from 
Johnnie at 2 a.m., it is not too far 
from the truth. As doubt grows 
concerning the effectiveness of the 
test, and its ability to accurately 
gauge a student's aptitude, some 
colleges have decided to completely 
ignore the SAT, despite its domi-
nance of the Educational Testing 
Service system. 

Henry Chauncey is one of the 
main proponents of the SAT today. 
He was the first director of ETS 
and a key figure in the formation 
of standardized testing during the 
19305 and '405. He is also one of the 
biggest critics of the test's use. In 
an interview with PBS for its show 
"Secrets of the SAT," Chauncey 
attacked those who recommend 

eliminating the SAT, 
"I think they're cutting off their 

nose to spite their face or some-
thing." Chauncey said. "I think the 
thing is to use the SAT as one of a 
number of factors. But I think it'd be 
less fair in admissions if you th row 
it out. My atlitude was always that 
the tests were useful and very help-
ful, but they weren't everything. You 
had to take into account the school 
record, or whatever other records 
you had in malting any decisions, 
so that I'm I guess a bit unhappy 
with the uses to which some col-
leges, or some institutions put this." 
Chauncey's sentiments were echoed 
in Richard Atkinson's, then presi-
dent of the University of California, 
monumental address to the 83rd 
annual meeting of the American 
Council on Education in 2001. 

In his speech, Atkinson called for 
less emphasis on the SAT and exam-
ination scores and more emphasis 
on the applicant's total resume. The 
buzzword of the time became ·com-
prehensive review," an evolution-
ary dimension to admissions that 
has since changed the UC system. 
Three years ago, a report detail-
ing Berkeley's admissions system 
uncovered an extremely polarized 
pool of applicant$; some students 
were accepted with SAT scores of 
700. Critics said that in an attempt 
to make admissions more equitable, 
Berkeley devalued the SAT scores 
of some applicants and placed too 
much weight on extracurricular 
activities and social factors. 

UCSD has also sought a balanc-
ing act, according to the Assistant 
Vice Chancellor of Admissions and 
Registration Mae W. Brown, who 
in 2004 explained the admissions 
system to @UCSD, an alumni mag-
azine. 

"This is not a personal judgment 
on the applicant." Brown stated. "It 
is as close to scientific as we can 

make it." 
The campus' system is based off 

of 1 \,100 total points. Students earn 
points for grades, test scores and 
socioeconomic factors . Their scores 
are put into an index and compared 
against competing applications. 
Wlfile UCSD does place a heavy 
considerat ion on grades and exami-
nation scores, it tries to account for 
factors outside of the SAT's range 
with personal essays that examine 
the student's quality of living and 
academic opportunities, 

Maine's Bates College, however, 
has taken it a step further. The 
campus has exorcised the test from 
its application reviews completely, 
and is one of the leaders at the 
forefront of optional testing admis-
sions. T~e college declared SAT 
scores optional to the admissions 
process in 1984. According to a 
study published on their Web site, 
Bates College has found no differ-
ence between those who chose to 
submit test scores and those who 
didn't with regards to their aca-
demic performance and graduation 
rate. One of the college's findings 
makes a bold statement: "Testing is 
not necessary for predicting good 
performance; the academic ratings 
assigned by Bates admissions staff 
are highly accurate for both sub 
mitters and nonsubmitters in pre-
dicting GPA." Students applying to 
Bates College must complete the 
Common Application for colleges 
and a supplementary essay explain-
ing why they want to attend Bates 
College. 

It is unfair, however, to draw a 
direct comparison between Bates 
College and the UC system, which 
is a far larger patron of the SATs_ 
Bates College enjoyed a total student 
population of 1,684 full -time stu-
dents for fall 2005, Last year, UCSD 

[SAT, page 14) 

First, I studied art history. 
Now, I manage operations. 

At Mc:Master-Carr, we welcome all ac:ademk: backgrounds. In fact, many of 
our successful managers were led by curiosity to study such non-business fields as 
abstract math, biology, or political SCience. Others pursued degrees in fields like 
accounting, computer SCience, or Industrial engineering, Regardless of their majors, 
their intelligence, creativity, and passion for details enable them to thrive here_ 

OUr people have backgrounds and Interests as varied as the products we 
sell. Conversations around here vary In topic from jib crane construction, 
warehouse layout, and developments in the nanotech sector to post-modem 
aesthetics, the latest symphony, and baseball playoffs. This variety of people, Ideas, 
and passions enriches our workplace and enlivens our thinking. 

OUr CUItomers know us as a one stop shop for industrial widgets of all 
types and ..... OUr employees know .. as a unique bull .... nln like no 
other. We develop our own catalog and engage In Intensive market research, We 
write our own software systems In-house. We run our operations with passion and 
precision. We rely on our own expertise for continual process Improvement. 

Do you want to continue _mlng In a vibrant setting? OUr management 
deveIopmerit career path will teach you our business and lead to positions of 
responsibility uncommon for recent college graduates. Submit your resume today 
for a campus interview. 

Opportunities exist at each of our locations: 

• Atlanta, GA 
• Chicago, IL 
• OeveIancl, Ott 
• LoI Angeles, CA 
• PrInceton, NJ 

www.mcmaster.com/careers 

Resume SUbmt.lon Deadline: October 1"th 
Info SeuIon: October 30", 7:30 pm, career Services Center 

campus Interviews: October 31st 

CHRtSTINA AUSHANAIGUARDIAN 



14 FOCUS 

Your 
Source for 

Transportation 
Information 

The Zone Has Grown 
UCSD's subsidized Free Bus Zone includes 

new and expanded routes. Get a Free Bus Zone 
sticker and discover even more local hot spots 

without spending a cent on transportation. 

Zone accessible destinations: 
Balboa Park and museums 

Bankers Hili 

Bird Rock 

Costa Verde 

Downtown Trolley Station 

Fashion Valley Mall 

Gas Lamp Quarter 

Hillcrest 

Horton Plaza 

La Jolla Cove and Prospect Street 

La Jolla Shores 

La Jolla Village Center 

Mesa Community College 

Mira Mesa Blvd. 

Mission Bay 

Old Town Transit Center 

Pacific Beach 

PETCO Park 

Seaport Village 

Sorrento Vall~y 
Sports Arena 

University Towne Center 

Rider Remarks 
"We all need to do our part to save the planet, 
I bike from my Hillcrest apartment to the UCSD 

Medical Center where I catch the shuttle to 
campus_ The Hillcrest Shuttle runs on the half 
hour which is fantastic! On the shuttle, I read, 
use my laptop or just zone out. It only takes 

45 minutes door-to-door for me to reach 
campus_" -Grant L., Liflguistics grad student 

For details about UCSD Shuttles and MTS bus 
service, visit http://blink.ucsd.edu/go/shuttles. 

Campus Parking OffIce 
Level 2 of the Gilman Parking Structure on Russell Lane 

7 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. weekdays 
Permit Information: (858) 534 .... 223 

Rideshare Information: (858) 534· RIDE (7433) 
parklng_ucsd.edu 

Auxiliary & Plant Services Marketing and Web Communications 

Transportation 8. Parking Services 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

California Favorable to Stem Cell Research 
~ GOLDSTEIN, from page 1 0 
cacy by active members in the field 
can not only go a long way toward 
counteracting the myths that some-
tiJnes enter the debate, but remind 
participants that the researchers 
themselves are citizens with strong 
opinions on what is right and wrong 
in their fields . 

Despite his passion for the field 
and the years he's devoted to it. he 
is respectful when he speaks of his 
opposition and is careful not to paint 
them with too broad a brush. He said 
that the controversy over stem ceUs 
is not just another dimension of the 
abortion debate, which he also took 
care not to simplify. 

"If you go from fertilization to 
birth there's a massive gray area, 
Goldstein said . "Everyone falls differ-
ently along that scale.» 

Along that scale are many who 
consider themselves pro-life, includ-
ing Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah). 
Similarly, there are those who have 
opposed the research and Proposition 
71 for different reasons, including fis -
cal concerns. 

It's not a simple division between 
religious and nonreligious · groups; 
while Goldstein admits that many of 
those who condemn the practice are 
members of "the conservative wings 
of Christianity," there are still many 
who differ. "Many good, practicing 
Catholics disagree with the official 
stance of the Catholic church on this," 
Goldstein said. 

The issue is different across the 
United States, too, and each state 
has its own complexities. So far in 
California, the public seems to be 
satisfied with their reasons, as the 
proposition passed with a notable 
majority. 

California has not only proven to 
be amenable politically to Goldstein's 
research, but also has a scientific com-
munity that is weU suited to his ideas 
and work. He obtained his bachelor's 
degree in biology from UCSD, with 
a concentration in genetics, but for 
years his other work was done out of 
the state. He studied for his doctor-
ate at the University of Washington 
in Seattle, and did postdoctoral 
work at the University of Colorado 
and the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology. He also served on the 
faculty of Harvard University for 10 
years. Although those are impressive 
credentials, he still finds himself hap-
piest working at UCSD. California. 
he says, has a much more "freewheel-
ing" scientific community compared 
to formal East Coast universities. 
and he considers UCSD to be of 
equal academic caliber to Harvard. 
Most importantly, UCSD and other 
California universities are more open 
to interdisciplinary studies as a prac-
tice, which Goldstein said is crucial. 
Some of the most groundbreaking 
discoveries are made at the junctions 
between fields, he asserted. 

Most of his work at VCSD and 

While he still teaches graduate and 
medical students sometimes, and has 
taught undergraduate courses in the 
past. he prefers to focus on research. 
where he is certain he is more use-
ful. He looks forward to teaching a 
group of 15 to 16 trainees for UCSD's 
Stem CeU Program, since he finds 
small classes to be a more productive 
application of his teaching skills than 
larger lectures. 

Goldstein's enthusiasm about 
the program and the advances to 
medical science that may be made 
through human stem cell research 
is boundless. However, the ethical 
dilemmas caused by it are far from 
over. One issue that will almost cer-
tainly surface is the first experi -
mental treatments tested on human 
subjects. Stem cell researchers will 
face these and other dilemmas with 
which the entire field of health 
care and medical science regularly 
deal. These are perhaps even more 
important questions, says Goldstein, 
than the conflict over the possible 
humanity of a blastocyst. 

Through his extensive career in 
the field, Goldstein has faced quite 
a few forms of opposition, including 
the personal opinions of many. But 
his genuine passion for the field is 
unshakeable. and his view of detrac-
tors of human stem cell research 
remains respectful. 

"Someone might disagree," 
Goldstein said. "It doesn't make them 

other universities has been research . _ a bad person." 

Admissions Strive for Holistic Approach 
~ SAT, from page 13 
had 20,679 full -time students for 
its total undergraduate enrollment. 
The economies of scale between the 
two campuses provide serious dif-
ferences in the application process. 
While most high school juniors 
would agree with the persuasion of 
Bates College. many educators are 
calling for a revision of the SAT, not 
a revolution. 

The admissions office does not 
say whal score on the SAT will gar-
ner an admission to UCSD. but it 

does repeatedly state that applicants 
must exceed minimum requirements 
in order to get the large packet in the 
mail. According to the 2006 freshmen 
profIle, average scores for the SAT 
were 627, 664, and 636 for c.ritical 
reading, math and writing, respec-
tively. 

It seems the resources necessary 
to institute a testing-optional admis-
sions system are not yet at the dis-
posal of the University of California 
While some may bemoan ~ persis-
tence of the SAT and its use in admis-

sions, administrators are still weary 
of their dependence upon test scores. 
Atkinson outlined his hopes for the 
future of standardized testing. 

"Cbanging standardized test 
requirements is a step in the right 
direction, but in the best of circum-
stances there will be a tendency to 
overemphasize test scores~ Atkinson 
said. "Admissions officers at UC 
campuses recognize tbis problem 
and have introduced more holis-
tic. more comprehensive evaluation 
processes." 

uation doesn't have 
proudest moment. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16r2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

UCSD Heads North to Finish Record Year Tritons Tear Through Foes 
With Six Games to Play ~ SHUTOUT, from page 20 

ing half of their goals in the first 
balf. Senior midfielder Kelly Cochran 
set the tone for the game and put 
through the first goal in the 21st 
minute on a header pass from feUow 
senior midfielder Heather Sugg. 

Senior midfielder Megan Dickey 
and sophomore forward Natasha 
Belak-Berger puUed together in the 
43rd minute to set up a solid pass 
to junior midfielder Ali Lai, who 
slammed it in from fIVe yards out. 

The Trfton teamwork was very 
obvious and essential during the 
game for creating plays, as every goal 
was on more than one touch. 

"Our team was doing a great job 
at connecting passes and being cre-
ative," McGovern said. "The goals 
were not just a matter of kicking the 
ball up-field and hoping someone 
was nearby to fetch it and take a lucky 
shot. like many of the teams we face 
tend to do:' 

The Tritons got tricky in demon-
strating their teamwork abilities after 
the intermission when senior for-
ward Alise Malley sent a pass across 
the box that drew out the Golden 
Eagle goalie_ Lai foUowed up by run-
ning over the ball without touching 
it to fake out the keeper, leaving an 
open net for junior forward Kathy 
Sepulveda to make the score to reach 
a3-1lead 

The final goal came in the 77th 
minute of playas junior midfielder 
Lauren Segars beat the Cal State 
Los Angeles keeper for the last 
time, thanks to clean passes from 
fellow mid fielders. sophomore 
Kelly Mayo and freshman Alexia 
Zatarian. 

UCSD maintained control the 
. entire game, outshooting Cal State 

Los Angeles by a 21 -3 margin, and 
earned a 9-0 advantage in corner 
kicks. 

The game on Oct, 15 against 
Cal State Bakersfield was important 

JASON CAMPA/CUARDIAN 
Senior midfielder Hcather Sugg scored the first goal in the 4-0 win oV(l' the Golden 
&lgies. The Tritons pushed their to 13-1-2 with a 10-1-2 record in CCAA action. 

for maintaining the Tritons' cur- game in league play for outgoing 
rent record as well as their pride. seniors Dickey. Cochran. Sugg and 
Having tied Cal State Bakersfield 2- Malley. 
2 on Sept. 22. the Tritons aimed to "They have been an integral part 
prove that the previous match was of our team's cbemistry on the field," 
not representative of their overall McGovern said. "They have genu-
strength. ine\y set a high bar for the rest of us 

The match was the last home to aspire toward~ 

~ STEAMROLLER, from page 20 
back to take a 20-18 advantage and 
never looked back. winning the first 
game 23-30. 

In game two. UCSD fell behind the 
Wildcats' 7-9, but regained the lead 
after senior setter Kristen Halvorsen 
served six Slraighl points. The run 
included kills by Schmidt and senior 
captain Nicole Courtney. 

After a Chico State timeout, UCSD 
pushed its lead to 25-17 on freshman 
Elaine Chen's service ace. Courtney 
got the fmal kill and the win for the 
Tritons. 30-20. 

The teams went back and forth in 
game three, with UCSD taking a 22-21 
edge. Chico State then used one kill 
and two aces to forge ahead 22-24. The 
Tritons regained the lead, 26-25. on a 
KochekiU. 

UCSD then fought off five game 
points when junior opposite Amber 
Ries and Koche combined for a huge 
block and a 34-33 advantage. Courtney 
again finished the game with a kiU. giv-
ing the women a 35-33 win. 

"It was most exciting single game of 
the season~ Black said "I don't think 
the score switched for the better part 
of the game and it was a real pressure 
situation. 

Kochecredited the win to the team's 
unwavering focus. 

"We didn't feel any pressure, we 
were just playing hard," she said. 

Chico State called a time out after 
the Tritons jumped to a 10-6 lead in 
the fourth game. The lead extended to 
13-7 before the Wildcats caught a sec-
ond wind. pushing the score to 14-12. 

UCSD took a dominating 22-14 
lead on a Halvorsen ace and eventuaUy 
took the game 30-22. 

The No. 14 Tritons conquered Cal 
State Stanislaus at the Warrior Gym on 
Oct. 14. 30-20,30-27.20-30,30-23. 

In game one, the women took seven 
of the fLIst nine points to establish the 

pace of the match. UCSD never looked 
back. extending its advantage to 23-17 
on SchmJdt's kiU. 

Courtney did the rest. scoring the 
team's final six points, which included 
two aces that finished off the game one 
victory, 30-20. 

Game two was a battle with 19 ties 
and eight lead changes. The teams 
exchanged points from 4-4 to 12-12 
before the Tritons were able to build 
a small 23-20 lead on a Cal Slate 
Stanislaus hitting error. only to see it 
evaporate into a 26-26 tie. 

The Warriors took a 26-27 lead on 
junior Iibero Natalie Facchini's service 
error. UCSD then turned to its big 
three of Courtney, sophomore outside 
hitter Rebecca Bailey and Koche to 
score a kill each and win the second 
game 30-27. 

The Tritons jumped out to a quick 
3-0 lead in game three but Cal State 
Stanislaus answered with nine straight 
points to take a 3-9 advantage. UCSD 
struggled the rest of the game, drop-
ping it 20-30. 

"We didn't play how we know how 
to plaY, Koche said. "It's a hard gym 
to play in but we still came back in the 
fourth game to win~ 

The team responded to the chal-
lenge in game four, using an 8-2 scor-
ing run to lead 17-11. Courtney fin-
ished the run with a kill and UCSD 
cruised in, winning 30-23 on Facchini's 
service ace. 

Koche, Bailey and Courtney led the 
Triton offense with 47 kills. Halvorsen 
added 46 assists in the match. 

The team is back in action Oct. 
20 against Cal Poly Pomona before 
the showdown against Cal State San 
Bernardino Oct. 21. Both home games 
are set to start at 7 p.m. in RIMAC 
Arena. 

"[Pomona has I coined that they're 
the best and they're a challenge," Black 
said. · We like challenges:' 

What is the law? 
A weapon to be wielded? 

Or more tha n that? 
A set of tools_ 

A creative approach . 
A helping profession and collaborative process. 

Explore the wide scope of the law 
in a school devoted to the big picture. 

CALIFORNIA WESTERN 
SCHOOL OF LAW I San Diego 

What law school ought to be. SAI 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

IF YOU LIST IT 
THEYW'LL COME 

. ,. 

. . 

. ," 

:~w.u.atlI:! CLASSIFIEDS 

EVENTS 
UCSDOpen House is coming,Satu rday, 
October 21 st. Go to openhouse.ucsd. 
edu (10/19) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The GUArdian won't rip down your fly-
ers! Do you ha\le something to tell 
UCSD? You don't need to plaster flyers 
all over the Price Center and watch 
them get torn down or covered over 
in minutes. Dig deep and cough up 
the 5 bucks and let the Guardian clas-
sifieds do all the work. That's 20,000 of 
your damn flyers in one week! That's 
right baby, both in the paper and on 
line at ucsdguardian.org. Pay for 2 
issues and we'll match with 2 more 
until October 30, 2006. Check ucs-
dguardian.org for easy instructions 
or just call us @ 858 534-3466. Gitter 
done. (10/26) 

EMPLOYMENT 
MysteryShoppers.Earn upto$150/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover 
shoppers needed to judge retail and 
dining establishments. Call 800-722-
4791. (11/30) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female 
attorney needs part time assistance 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THEitGUARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD G .... 'dlan reserves the right to c1a"lfy, edit, delete offen, lve words and pharses. 
and/o, reiu,e any and all advertisement' without prior notification. The Advertise, will not 
hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting f,om the publication of the advertisement. 
The publishe, will al,o not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular issue. all errors mu,t be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: 15 per ·20 .... 
Faculty & Staff: S7 per 20 .... 

All others: SIO per 20 .... 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

SlO_OO per column Inch 
De.clines: 

Pl .... send all corr.spondence _rdlng Oassifleds to: Public.1Ion Date DIsplay Ads line Ads 
UCSD G .... rdlan, Attn: Cla .. ifleds, 9S00 Gilman Drive jl03 16, La Jolla, CA 92093. Monday Noon Thurs.. 1 pm Thurs.. 
Actuallocltlon: Student Center A, Room 217. lhursolay Noon MOIL 1 pm Mon. 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

(Monday, Wednesday, Friday) to assist 
at office. Hours are 8:15 am to 7:00 

Requires the ability to drive a van 
with an automatic transmission. Must 
have good driving record. Candidates 
must pass a grammar, spelling, punc-
tuat ion and typing test plus a back-
ground check. Please send resume 
to: Human Resources, DLA Piper US 
LLP. 401 B. Street, Suite #1700, San 
Diego, CA 92101 or email to maureen. 
walker@dlapiper.com (1 0/26) 

Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive 
brand new cars with ads placed on 
them. www.DriveAdCars.com (11/30) 

MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 
Restaurant in Del Mar is looking for 
a part t ime waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 
am to 2:30 Mon thru Fri .; For Dinner: 
4:15 pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Pa rt 
Time: Minimum of 2 days on either 
Lunch or Dinner. (11/2) 

Wanted, in home piano teacher for 3 
children. Home is located in Scipps 

Teach fun Afterschool Enrichment 
Programs weekday afternoons. $20-
30 per one hour class. Apply online. 
www.madscience.org/sandiego or 
call 858-505-4880. (11/6) 

Part-time nanny needed for newborn 
twins and 3 yr. old. Tu[Th mornings 
and MWF morning hours as avai lable. 
Carmel Valley. 858-703-4251. (1 0/1 6) 

Part-time after school childcare for 12 
& 14 years old boys; Mon[Tues/Wed 

from 2:30-5:30pm. Carmel Valley, 858-
775-0251 . (10/16) 

ROOMMATES 
Need a Roommate? Check out San 
Diego's own SDRoomie.com. Free to 
Post! (11/2) 

FOR RENT 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING. 

LA JOlLA-
STARTING 

FROM n-IE lOW 
S4OO.000s. 

DiE4rCUARDIAN ClASSIFIEDS 
Condo For Rent. $ 1 ,400. PETS OKAY. 
1 bedl1 bath. Close to UCSD. Pools, 
parking, upgrades, washer/dryer. Call 
Kristin 858-373-7656. (1 0/19) 

Why Rent? BUY a condo, RENT th; xt ra 
rooms to students and GET RICH. Call 
for FREE INFO. Kristin 858-373-7656. 
(10/ 19) 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

FOR SALE 

ANYTHING BUT YOUR SOUL. 
DiE ~RDlAN ClASSIFIEDS 

Futon Sofa bed only $259: Home 
furniture & home decor for sale. 
Everything 50-70% OFF retail . 
EverythingHomeDiscount.com. 858-
271 -8068. (1 0/30) 

Condo. 1 bedroom wI loft. Loft makes 
great 2nd bedroom or office. La Jolla 
Colony, near UCSD. Upgraded! Granite 
counters, travertine tile, views, vault-
ed ceilings. From $280K to $315,876. 
Call Y\lonne 619-838-8419. PRU. CA. 
Realty. See www.gethomes.biz for 
pictures. (10/ 19) 

WANTED 

1 00% JEWISH ASHKENAZI 
EGG DONOR NEEDED 

We are seeking women who have 
blue-green eyes, are under the age of 

29. SAT 1300+, physically fit and 
maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 

If you have a desire to help an infertile 
family and would like more information 

please contact us. 

$20,000 (PLUS ALL EXPENSES) 
Email: clllrlen...~.com 

1·800-264-8828 

Vollinteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26, call 
858-552-8585 x5590. (11/30) 

ACROSS 
1 Kind of card 
5 Novelist Hunter CROSSWORD 

READUCSD 
Mondays & Thursdays 

9 Durable trousers 
14 Job .. fety org. 
15 VIP vehicle 
16 
17 
18 
19 
20 
23 
24 
25 
28 
30 
34 
35 
37 
39 
42 
43 
44 
45 
46 
48 
50 
51 
52 
61 
62 
63 
64 
65 
66 
67 
68 
69 

loosen 
Shoshones 
l ake fonned by H<X7Ver Dam 
"'La Vita" 
Small fabrications 
Olanot at1achmentl 
Half a da nce? 
Stri ped equine 
Friendly lead-in 
Fla t-bottomed vessel 
Oleer at a corrlda 
laura of ' Jurassic Parle' 
Thickheaded 
Shirley Temple movie 
Mean 
Wrilef's tools 
Ref. volumes from !he U.K. 
Bridge position 
Option word 
Dawdle 
ISS partner ' 
Poetic eyeball 
little pet 
Idyllic places 
Nautical side 
Hebrew month 
Roster of candidates 
Palindromic magazl ne 
Indian princess 
King of Judea 
lou or Willis 
Actress Ca nnon 

DOWN 
1 Sports infraction 
2 Wine region of Italy 
3 Guitarist Atkins 
4 Island west of Chile 
5 Fudd or Gantry 
6 Opinion 
7 Oriental nanny 
8 AbsoIu1eIy not l 
9 Ancient Israel 
10 Org.mic compound 
11 Gudnun's victim 
12 Frenchdty 
13 a. tches on 
21 Straighl man's line 
22 Pi tched or tossed 
25 Yikesl 

26 ' Maria _' 
27 Borscht Ingredients 
28 Interne! address letters 
29 Cuts 

' 30 RR stop 
31 ' My Fair Lady' dI~ 
32 Wlckerworlc material 
33 like an unkempllawn 
36 Most senior 
38 Small bar 
40 Moist 
41 Wide shoe width 
47 "Time After Time" singer Cyndi 
49 On the plane 
50 Relaxed 

51 Made a choice 
52 Screen material 
53 Without worlc 
54 Within '""8" 
55 Division wOfd 
56 Part in a play 
:; 7 _ Stanley Gardner 
58 June 6, 1944 
59 Actress Turner 
60 Actress Mora n 

Find crossword 6t solutions 8t 
www.wcsdguIJrdlGrt.orgicrossword 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDEDI 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

COIIPaSAJIOI $8,000 
CalIReprotllClhe Sol ...... 

now 111·132·14M 

EGG DONORS NEEDED 
$1 ..... (PlUS AU IIPINSIS) 
We are seeking women who are 

attractiv@, under the age of 29, SAT 
1300+ (math+verbal), physically fit 
and maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 

If you have a desire to help an 
infertile family and would like more 

information please contact us. 
Email: ...... ~_ 

www~ 
1-800-264-8828 

Wanted: Motivated students to 
assist National Honor Society In 
registering and acting as local offi-
cers. 3.0 GPA required. Contact: 
director@phlsigmatheta.org. (10/16) 

We are two professional local writ-
ers, starting a writer's group. looking 
for others working on book-length 
projects. Published writers pre-
ferred. Fiction or Nonfiction okay. 
If Interested In joining respond to 
sally@sallyrichards.com. Writing sam-
ple will be requested. (10/16) 

Use die CiuMIIM a.uHiIdII (10/16) 

SERVICES 

Fullr iEIII .. ..... 
Hourly .................. . 

• 5 I'tece Drum KIt • - Amp HWI Hat, C",'" .. RIde 
• 2 Guitar Hall Stlld<s • ""- Mlc:s 

. ..... IIrtnIIv.. 
I ............ CeIIIee. Dn 

--------
----

na ____ A·_ 
C8II' .. ' ..... " ... ...... 
_J ....... tn, n .. ... 

TENNIS AT NOON. Certified Pro can 
work with you or your group at 
the Muir Courts. Call 619 787-5475. 
(10/30) 

Pregnant or know someone who is? 
You don't have to be alone. We want 
to help. Call our 24 hour confidential 
hotline at 1-800-NO-ABORT or visit 
our website www.lifecall.org. (11/30) 

Are you txpIriIndng h ..... chIt, MCk 
,.in or bKt ,.in from • sports Injury 
or from sitting in front of die comput-
trlWe can help! Call858-558-3111 for 
a no charge chiropractic consultation. 
www.lajollaadc.com (10/19) 

Yoga at the Bay - outdoor yoga classes 
$5/class. Reduce stress, increase flex-
ibility, calm mind before exams. www. 
yogaatthebay.com or call SyMa (858) 
380-7507. (10/16) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

PERSONALS 
Look below for the ad about next 
Weekend's Premium Denim Sample 
Sale on Harbor Island, presented by 
The Warehouse Sale. See a coupon 
for free admission in this Thursday's 
Guardian. (10/19) 

A woman in Orlando. Florida 
undressed and bared her breasts on 
the Main Street Bridge to protest... 
uh. gee, what was that about again? 
(10/16) 

Continuation of a theme: lindsay 
Lohan keeps having her wardrobe 
malfunctions broadcast all over the 
internet. If only that many people saw 
Herbie: Fully Loaded. (10/16) 

r-----------
: BRENDAAnAMS: 
I at ALEX'S SALON : 
I 

:50 I 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

DIREt10RY OF OPNRTUNITIES AT UaD: 
Want to get involved It UCSD1 -in student organizations/clubs. 

W student government, community service, social action, Internships? Don't know how to navigate the hundreds of opportunities and find the on~s appropriate for you? See the MDirectory of Opportunities" link at http://feGd. uad,edu or contact Iudcmte~a(J..du 
LEAD PASSPORT 't u LtADERSBIP: Check out the 

fall 2006 schedule of exciting workshops available on the ·P.llport to 
LHdenhIp" program link at http://leGd,uad,eiJu 

Students~ 
FlvCheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From Sin Diego to: 

$395 

W •• hlngton $246 Bologn. $420 

$257 Melboume 

• C :. StudentUniverse.com 

The Warehouse Sale 
premium denim sample sale 

rock & republic :: citizens of humanity :: antik denim :: true religion :: 575 :: grail 
chip & pepper :: frankie b :: seven for all mankind :: hudson :: joe's jeans :: yanuk 
taverniti so :: sacred Qlue :: paper denim :: people's liberation :: 2b free :: & more 

•• 

•• sunday 
50-80% off retail 

octqber 22,2006 :: 10am-4pm 
sheraton san diego hotel & . marina 
east tower, nautilus convention hall 

1380 harbor Island drive :: san diego 
$3 at the door, or FREE admission with ad or rsvp 

(print out your rsvp for expedited entry) 

www. th ewa re h 0 U sesa Ie. com 



18 SPORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

Women's Diving Welcomes Rookie Class Vasquez Withstands Flurry 
and Stops Six Shots in OT • SWIM, from page 20 inspiring, and quite a few people 

swam very well for the first meet 
of the season;' senior Emily Harlan 
said. "We swam a very competitive 
meet against one another:' 

Harlan, of the gold leam, took 
fi rst in both the 50 and 100 free-
styles with times of 24.55 and 54.33, 
respectively. Senior Andrea Lippin 
led the way for the blue team in 
the 800 freestyle over junior Lauren 
Forbes of the gold team with a blaz-
ing time of 8:32.62, which narrowly 
missed the meet record. 

Senior Jenna Muenter and soph-
omore Kendall Bohn provided a 
one-two punch for the gold team 
in the 50 breaststroke with times 
of 32.00 and 32.39, respectively. 
Muenter and Bohn's performances 
in this event accrued a combined 13 
point , and help put the gold team 
over the blue team in the women's 
meet. 

The preseason intersquad meet 
allowed the' Tritons to comb the 
depths of their talent before regular 
season action starts this month. The 
meet spotlighted many outstand-
ing underclassmen swimmers, and 
pools ide observers didn't have to 
spend much time in the mast before 
they yelled, "Talent Ho!" 

Sophomore Artur Kubal ki won 
the 800 freestyle for the men's gold 
team with an impressive 8:05 fi n-
ish ahead of the blue team's fresh -
man Greg Goodell of the blue team. 
Sophomore Shannon Simonds of 
the gold team also looked excellent 
when she took first in the women's 
200 freestyle. 

Freshmen Karla Holman and 
Kevin Le each exploded out of the 
gates in the 150 butterfly event~ for 
the women's and men's blue teams. 
Holman ftnished first in the event, 
ahead of sophomore gold teamer 
Jennifer Sims, with a time of 1:34.33. 
Le swam a time of 1:22.44 to best 
senior Jesse Marin for first place and 
a record time in the Blue vs. Gold 
meet, highlighting a gifted fresh-
man class. 

Head coach McGihon has guid-
ed the women's team to four con-
secutive third-place finishes, and 
the men's team to three straight 
top-five finishes in the NCAA 
Championships. 

Just last year the women's team 
once again finished shy of a NCAA 
title with third place in the champi-
onships, led by alumna Sophie Levy, 
who won an individual national 
title in the 1650 freestyle with a 
school-record time of 16:57.99. The 
men's team finished fifth in the 
NCAA Championships. 

"This year we have all the poten-
tial to have an even better season 
than last year," senior Emily Harlan 
said. "The wome n's team only lost 
four seniors, and though they were 
very strong players on our team, I'm 
optim istic and excited for this year's 
new and returning talent. We took 
our smallest team ever to NCAAs 
last year, and we scored more points 

• GOLDEN, from page 20 
offensive attack and led the team 
with five shots, two of which were 
on goal. 

The win was the Tritons' first in 
their past seven matches and upped 
their California Collegiate Athletic 
Association record to 5-6-2 and 
their overall record to 7-7-2 . UCSD 
now stands in fifth place in the 
South Division of the CCAA, four 
points behind Cal Poly Pomona and 
Cal State Los Angeles for the final 
playoff spot in the division. The 
loss dropped Cal State Los Angeles 
out of first place to econd place, 
one point behind league-leading Cal 
State Dominguez Hills. The Tritons 
will need to win their finaJ three 
matches of the season and get some 
help from other teams in the confer-
ence to earn a playoff berth. 

The Tritons played their final 

home game of the season on Oct . 
15 against Cal State Bakersfield, one 
of the teams they are chasing in the 
South Division standings. Results 
were not available at press time. 

Choi, who realized the obvious 
importance of the final regular sea-
son games, e mphasized the need for 
the Tritons to remain calm and play 
to their limits. 

"This is a huge game for the 
seniors and for the entire team, but 
we are trying to stay focused and 
approach it like every other game," 
Choi said. 

The Tritons will finish their sea-
son with two road games that will 
likely determine whether they will 
earn a postseason berth . UCSD will 
travel to San Francisco State on Oct. 
20 and finish the regular season 
against Cal State Monterey Bay on 
Oct. 22. 

IASON CAMPIVCUIIRDIIIN 
The women's team hopes for smooth waters ahead to improve upon last year's third-place 
spot in the NCAA Champiollships, which they have heldfor jour straight years. 

than ever before. I'm hoping we can 
put up another awesome fight for 
top two this year, and maybe this 
time we'll get it:' 

The UCSD men's diving team 

We have all the 
potential to have an 
even better season ... 
I'm optimistic and 

excited for this years 
returning talent?' 

-Emily Harlan, 
Senior Sprinter 

is also looking to have an impres-
siye season with its largest team in 
school history, in addition to three 
returning all-conference divers: 
senior Daniel Gordh and juniors 

.J~in;~ 
full tuition anda 

Andrew Skewes and Jeff Bryant. 
"Despite the lack of a coach for 

the enti re first month of training 
and season, we now have our new 
coach, Garrett Skipper, leading us 
and are ready [tol get out there with 
the swimmers and get to Nationals 
in Buffalo;' junior diving team cap-
tain Jeff Bryant said. 

The women's diving team 
returns only one diver - junior 
Amanda Mason - but boasts four 
new rookie divers Jennifer Lappe, 
Corinne Hieatt, Danielle Niculescu 
and junior transfer Nicole Stasio 
frolll Pomona College. 

Both the Triton swimming and 
diving teanlS hope to make a big 
splash when they kick off the regu-
lar season later this month. 

The Blue vs. Gold meet gives the 
squad a glimpse of what's to come this 
season as they face Division I com-
petitors. The Tritons start the regu-
lar season Oct. 28 against University 
of Utah. before traveling to Santa 
Barbara, Cali(, to face the UC Santa 
Barbara Gauchos on Nov. 4. 

IASON CAMPAl GUIIRD'ilN 
Despite an offensive barrage by Golden Eagles, which featured 11 shots on goal, sophomore 
forward Tom CAplan and the rest oj the Tritons needed only six shots on goal in the win. 

SCOREBOX 
MEN'S WATI;RPOLO PACIFIC 12-11. 

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA WIN 
TOURNAMENT AIR FORCE 10-7 
FOURTH PLACE ACADEMY WIN 

OCT. 13 USC 9-10 It 
"*' 

LOSS 

UCLA 3-12 

-

LOSS 

Stanford University Biodesl&n Procram • 
James H. Clark Center, 318 Campus DriYe, Rm. E100, 

Stanford. CA 94305-5428 

ANNOUNCING: 
$20,000 annual stipend? Now Accepting Applications 

2007-2008 Biodesign Innovation Fellowships sIl~t leY /1e, (V ~hll/.em(Jn" crlau(Jnal S~! 
This is a unique scholarship for Ph .D. candidates whose 
innovative research crosses academic disciplines. 

Come see us at Libl'lry Walk (UCSD main campus) 
Odober 17 .. 18, 2006 
10:30 a.m.- 2:30 p.m. 

? 
Clarenlont 
.I AIUAH UIIYII'IrY 

Learn the process of biomedical technology Innovation through an intensive 
. fellowship at Stanford University. 

Fellows learn-by doing-the key stages of the biodesign process: identification 
and verification of clinical needs,lnvention, prototyplng, parenting, early-stage 
testing, regulatory and reimbursement, planning and finanCing. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: 
CLINICIANS: September 30, 2006 ALLOTHERS: November 30, 2006 

APPLY ONLINE: http://lnnoVitlon.stlnford.edu/ 

For further Information contld: 
blodHign~lUnford.edu 
Tel: 650 736 1160 
Fax: 650 724 8696 

- ...... 

.. " -.... ' 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 19 

-

A MYSTERY IS NOT A PROBLEM TO BE SOLVED .• 
BUT A WONDER TO BE EXPERIENCED. 



20 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Danai Ltininger 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

THE ~UARDIAN 
SPORTS 

Mark Moreira 
Men's Soccer 

The senior midfielder scored the only 
goal against Cal State los Angeles for the 
1-0 win on Oct. 13. He leads his team in 

scoring with 7 goals on the season. 
_______________________ MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2006 

Tritons Snap Skid to Save Playoff Hopes Women's 
Volleyball 
Rolls Over 
Chico State 

Moreira's goal in 
double-overtime lifts 
UCSD in do-or-die 
matchup over Cal 
State Los Angeles. 

By Brent Westcott 
STAFF W RI TER 

Rega rdless of whom they were 
playing, where they were playing 
or how they accomplished it, the 
UCSD men's soccer team desper-
ately needed a win. With a victory, 
the team would keep its dwindling 
playoff chanc;es alive, but with a 
defeat, the proverbial writing would 
have been on the wall. 

Fortu nately, the Tritons got 
that win , and it just so happened 
to be against first place Cal State 
Los Angeles in double-overt ime in 
front of a home crowd at Triton 
Soccer Stadium on Oct. 13. UCSD 
got a golden goal from senior mid -
fielder Mark Moreira one m inute 
into the second overtime to seal the 
1-0 victory, its fourth double-over-
time victory of the season. 

The Tritons scored their lone 
goal when freshman mid fielder 
Tony Choi played a ball through 
the box, allowing Moreira to blast 
a shot from seven yards out for 
the win. 

Choi, who cam e in from off 
the bench to provide the winning 
assist, was happy to be back on the 
winning side of match. 

"We were just excited to find 
out what winning was like again ." 
Choi said. "We hope to make this 
a habit." 

The goal was Moreira's team-

The Tritons ended their seven-game lo~-jng streak with a small but signijiamt 1-0 win on Oct. 13 in their fourth double-overtime game on the -: 
. season. Sophomore midjielder Michael Grobic kept pressure on the Golden Eagles to improve UCSD's overall record to 7-7-2. 

leading seventh of the season. 
"Mark [Moreira] came in with 

10 m inutes left in regulation so he 
had fresh legs and was able to put 
the pressure on," Choi said. 

The match featured plenty of 
scoring opportunities, with the 
Golden Eagles outshooting the 
Tritons 18- 14. The Tritons got a 
solid game from freshman goal-
keeper Joshua Vasquez, who mind-
ed the net for the entire 101 min-
utes of the match, earning the first 
shutout of his career. Vasquez made 

11 saves, including six in the two 
overtime periods. 

According to Choi, a 2-0 defeat 
at the hands of Cal State Los 
Angeles on Sept. 24 pressed the 
struggling Triton squad to intensify 
their play. 

"We went into the game look-
ing to play our best and avenge our 
loss to them earlier in the season," 
Choi said. 

UCSD seemed to be the fresh-
er team in the overtime periods, 
asserting their dominance on both 

ends of the field . 
"We came out really fired up for 

both overtimes and just wanted it 
more than they did," Choi said. 

Head coach Derek Armstrong 
again made several offensive-mind-
ed lineup changes in an attempt 
to jumpstart the struggling Triton 
offense, including playing senior 
defenseman Devon Cook at mid-
field . This move fared well for the 
Tritons, as Cook contributed to the 

[ GOLDEN, page 18) 

By Matt Croskey 
STAFF WRITER 

Count 'em: Wins 16 and 17 are 
in the books as the UCSD women's 
volleyball team earned its eighth and 
ninth straight victories Oct. 13 and 
14 over Chico State and Cal State 
Stanis1aus, respectively. 

The Tritons improved to 17-2 over-
all with a 12-2 California Collegiate 
Athletic Association record to move 
into second place behind Cal State San 
Bernardino. 

"It's coming down the home stretch 
and it's really important for us to stay 
focused," head coach Tom Black said. 
"Some teams are playing for something 
and others are playing for nothing and 
were playing for something:' 

Chico State handed the Tritons one 
of their two losses earlier this season, 
but the second try proved to be more 
than the Wildcats could handle as 
UCSD took them 23-30, 30-20, 35-33, 
30-22 on Oct. 13. 

"It was good to show them how the 
real UCSD women's volleyball team 
plays." senior middle blocker Brianna 
Kocbe said "We were really excited 
and we played with a lot of heart. Our 
blocking and defense just outnum-
bered theirs:' 

The Tritons took an early 8-5 lead 
on a kill by freshman middle blocker 
Sylvia Schmidt. Chico State battled 

(SlIAMROLLER, page 15 ) 

Records Fall at Friendly ·Affair Women's Soccer Blasts 
Cal State Los Angeles 

By Eric GrbnWCllft 
STAFF WRITER 

The UCSD. men's and women'. 
swimminB teams got their lea legs 
ready by testing the waters for their 
upcoming season in the IDIlUal 
intmquad Blue VI. Gold meet Oct. 
14. 

The niton swimmm put OIl • 
performaDce worthy oi PoeeWoo. 
brakiDa a,bt meet nconIs OIl the 
day. Both the men mel womea's 
....... looked emooda. ...... 
It .. NCAA aw ... ·...,....· 
...... JIICIt III PI.,. II I til tbe 

-. 

. ..., ....... 

By Nicky Buchanan 
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

Despite the rain drops echoing 
on the bleachers and the buzz from 
nearby FallFest ringing in their ears, 
the Triton home crowd pulled together 
some impressive numbers to support 
the UCSD women's soccer team on 
Oct. 13. 

"The track team is always really 
supportive and it was interesting to 
have the cheerleaders at one of our 
games as well," sophomore goalkeeper 
Jessica McGovern said. "I was shocktd 
at how many people came; it really 
kept our spirits up:' 

The seriousness of the match was 
evident as UCSD aimed to earn the 
No. I spot in their division. Howner, 
the fans enabled the Tritons to keep 
their nerves low and spirits high to 
shut out the Golden Eagles 4-0, an 

identical score to the previous match 
against Cal State Los Angeles back on 
Sept. 24. This was the ninth time in 
their season that the Tritons forced a 
shutout win. 

With the victory, the Tritons 
pushed their record to 13-1-2 overall 
and 10-1-2 in California CoI1egiate 
Athletic Association play, while secur-
ing the fifth spot in the nation and first 
place in the Far West region. Cal State 
Los Ange1es rests at No. 9. 

The Tritons managed to keep the 
pressure on the Golden Eagles' offense 
throughout the entire game. "The fact 
that I only bad two saws in the wboIe 
game shows just how good our defmse 
is and how involved the team was in 
wanting the win; McGovml said 

The Tritons brou their trend of 
scoring only in the second half, earn-

[SHUTOUT, P9 IS) 


