
N - THE ART FORM ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF ·CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Regents Stall on Pay 
Poli<:y Conclusions 

Outreach Monies Blank in Budget 
uc board waiting 
on university, state 
audits, and expects a 
major overhaul of 
salary practices. 

By Matt McArdle 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

The UC Board of Regents con-
vened to review the University of 
California's compensation policies, 
which have been under fire ince 
November due to public salary trans-
parency problems, but declined to 
admit wrongdoing until a university-
led audit was finished. 

The meeting, held at Price Center 
on Jan. 18, was 

said, "a significant amount should be 
accomplished by the end of January." . 

Phases two and three will exam-
ine the compensation of the previ-
ous occupants of the top 32 execu-
tive offices and the reimbursement 
of various expenses, such as travel 
costs. 

In addition to hearing the special 
report, the regents voted to amend 
the current compensation policy in 
favor of a new method that estab-
lishes broad salary levels into which 
top employees would be placed by 
UC President Robert C. Dynes. The 
salary structure will be reviewed 
annually and adjusted by the regents. 
Assignments to particular tiers 
would be based on several factors, 
including national salary averages for 

similar positions, 
described by sev-
eral regents as a 
"very serious" mat-
ter, and the board 
heard the first 
presentation from 
the newly created 
special committee 
on compensation, 
chaired by Regent 
Judith Hopkinson, 
regarding pro-
posed changes of 
the university's pay 
policies. 

UC COMPENSATION 
employee quali.fi -
cations and per-
formance. The 
top range would 
be capped at 
$791,600. 

Hopkinson said 
that as soon as an 
audit of executive 
salaries is com-
plete, the univer-
sity could "expect 
a fairly major 
overhaul of [its] compensation prac-
tices." 

"The current policies are difficult, 
unclear, divergent and unorganized," 
Hopkinson said. 

The university has selected a pri-
vate company to conduct a three-
phase audit into its pay methods 
over the past 10 years and to review 
compensation of the top 32 executive 
positions in the university, including 
chancellors and senior vice presi-
dents. 

The university has been scruti -
nized recently following reports pub-
lished by the San Francisco Chronicle 
revealing that it awarded $871 mil-
lion last year to top executives in 
addition to their base pay and over-
time, which has prompted the state 
Legislature to request a separate, 
independent audit. 

Gerald L. Parsky, chair of the 
Board of Regents, said the university 
would fuJly cooperate with any state 
audit into its compensation prac-
tices. 

"We welcome this," Parsky said. 
"We're not paying lip service to this 
area." 

The committee report revealed 
that the university-commissioned 
audit would take at least six months 
to be full and accurate. 

Phase one of the audit will entail an 
assessment of university payroll and 
personnel records, and, Hopkinson 

BillY WONG/GUIIRDlIIN 
Gov. Arnold Schworzenegger listens in as UC Board of Regents Chairman Gerald L. Parksy speaks at the meeting at Price Center on Jan. 
18. The governor's budget proposal doesn 't give funds to vCt community outreach programs, much to the chagrin of student groups. 

Currently, 
the board must 
approve annual 
salaries exceed-
ing $168,000. 

The new 
method would 
make compen-
sation policies 
more "clear, com-
prehensive and 
accountable," 
Parsky said. 

However, 
under the new 
method , the 

regents would need to approve yearly 
salary increases greater than 15 per-
cent. 

Readers can contact Matt McArdle at 
matt.mcardle@gmail.com. 

University labor 
centers and academic 
prep programs get no 
funding under new 
state budget. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's 
budget got a mixed welcome from 
~igher education leaders, garnering 
praise for a $75 million state buyout 
of student fee hikes but criticism for 
cuts to UC outreach programs. 

Funding for the university's labor 
centers and academic preparation 
programs was absent in the budget 
for the second year in a row. Last year, 

Schwarzenegger vetoed $3.8 million 
from the Legislature-approved bud-
get intended for the university's labor 
centers. Labor centers include the 
UCLA Center for Labor Research 
and Education, which studies state 
unions. A specific line-item was not 
included for UC labor centers in 
this year's budget, and will allow the 
university to re-evaluate the way it 
funds its programs, according to the 
governor's budget spokesman H.D. 
Palmer. 

"This is an issue of setting pri-
0rities in the overall budget for the 
university system:' he said. 

The governor abided by terms 
set in the state compact with the 
university, increasing the university's 
base funding by 3 percent. The boost 
will allow UC officials to dole out 

funding where they find appropriate, 
Palmer said. 

Money for labor centers "was pro-
vided on a one-time basis in the 2004 
Budget Act. and these reductions are 
needed to help bring ongoing expen-
ditures in line With existing resourc-
es:' the governor stated in his veto 
message oflabor centers funding. 

The temporary reprieve given to 
the university's academic preparation 
programs required the UC to "work 
with the administration to fullyevalu -
ate the cost -effectiveness of each pro-
gram and eliminate those that cannot 
demonstrate an adequate return on 
investment; Schwarzenegger stated 
in his budget last year. 

The state provided $17.3 million 
in outreach for funding at the time. 

l BUDGET, page 21 

Bad Weather Delays U. Centers Opening Ye~ Again 

ALEXANDEII V AJIONDlGUIIRDIIIN 
Construction womrs put finishing touches on the jinDl stage of phase one of the 
University Centers upansion. Completion is slatedfor sometime in the nat few weeb. 

Expansion includes 
Thai restaurant, new 
resource spaces for 
the Women's and 
LGBT Centers. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

The initial phase of a multimillion-
dollar expansion of University Centers 
will wrap up in the next few weeks, fol -
lowing another delay because of unex-
pected rain, according to University 
Centers Advisory Board Chair Jared 
Feldman. 

A grand opening was planned for 
the first phase, but the university has 
decided to delay an official opening 
until the whole project is finished. The 
center was originally slated for a fall 
opening. 

The complex, however, will have 
separate openings of the Women's 

Center and the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual 
and Transgender Resource .Center, 
Feldman said. 

After the initial delay, the first 
stage, which includes the construction 
of an extension to the Student Center, 
was slated to be ready for student use 
by the beginning of winter quarter, 
University Centers Director and acting 
Vice Chancellor of Student Life Gary 
R. Ratcliff said in October. However, 
unexpected rain last year and over the 
break slowed construction, Feldman 
said. When Student Center does open, 
it will include more than 13,000 square 
feet of space housing dining, seating 
and lounge space as well as Royal Thai, 
a restaurant that has just signed the 
university's lease agreement, Feldman 
said. 

"We want this to be a hub of activ-
ity," he said. "This is going to be a huge 
departure from what people knew as 
the Student Center." 

[ CENTER, page 2 ] 

INSIDE WEATHER 
New Business .......................... 3 
Editorial ................... .. .............. 4 Jan. 19 )an. 20 
Album Reviews ................ ..... .. 8 H61 L40 H65L40 
Druthers .......... ........................ 9 
Crossword ......................... .. .. 10 
Classifieds ............................. 10 

)an. 21 )an. 22 
H65 L39 H63 L41 



2 NEWS 

CURRENTS-----------
Cali Uses Ed Funds 
Well, Study Finds 
According to a December 

report by the National 
Center for Higher Education 
Management Systems measur-
ing state-by-state spending and 
performance of higher educa-
tion programs. California ranks 
fourth in the nation for the best 
and efficient overall use of its 
funds. 

For the overall ran kings. 
both federal and state appro-
priations and tuition revenue 
were considered . Performance 
factors examined in the report 
included undergraduate enroll-
ment as a percentage of the 
population. awarding of under-
grad uate degrees relative to 
enrollment. timely graduation 
rates, competitive research 
funding and the percentage of 
doctoral degrees . 

The top-five overall states 
were Utah. Massachusetts. 
Colorado. California and North 
Dakota. respectively. Alaska 
ranked last in spending com-
pared to student performance. 

California ranked third in 
the research institutions and 
community colleges categories 
and 16th in the bachelor's and 
master's institutions category of 
the report. 

UC Grades Own 
Research Highly 
A new UC report indicates 

that the university is achieving 
success in the areas of facilitat-
ing timely graduation. effective 
commun ity college transfers. 
degree production in high-pri-
ority areas for the state and the 
transfer of research innovations 
to the marketplace. 

The report shows that the 
university has complied with 
its May 2004 with Gov. Arnold 
Schwarzenegger requiring an 
annual publication of informa-
tion to the state on the universi -
ty 's performance on a variety of 
accou ntability measures. 

The report indicates that last 
year the university awarded a 
total of 54,477 bachelor's, mas-
ter's. doctoral and professional 
degrees. an 18-percent increase 
from four years earlier. 

In addition. the report 
reveals that undergraduate stu-
dents graduate in an average of 
13 quarters and that 80 percent 
of UC undergraduates finish 
their degrees in six vears or 

less . 

Cymer Donates to 
UCSD Scholarships 

Cymer Inc. announced it 
will award $175.000 to UCSD's 
Jacobs School of Engineering 
Scholars Program. 

The gift will fund a scholar-
ship for an undergraduate recip-
ient in the amount of $100.000 
and a graduate recipient in the 
amount of $75,000. The schol-
arships are payable over four 
years. 

Candidates for the two 
awards will be selected from 
UCSD's fall 2006 engineering 
applicant pool. 

Frieder Seible, dean of the 
Jacobs School. praised Cymer's 
contribution . 

HI am so pleased that Cymer 
... [isJ giving back to the com-
munity/ Seible said. 

In 2001, Cymer donated 
$750.000 to establish the 
Cymer Endowed Chair in 
High Performance Dynamical 
Systems Modeling and Control 
at the Jacobs School. 

University Improves 
'Green' Buildings 
According to a new report 

released by the UC Board of 
Regents' committee on grounds 
and buildings, the University of 
California has made significant 
progress in its quest to main-
tain its "green" building. clean 
energy and sustainable trans-
portation policy. 

Moving to meet the policy's 
goals, the university reported 
several accomplishments from 
2005. including its decision to 
extend "green" building stan-
dards to 53 projects approved 
before the July 2004 implemen-
tation date of the program. 

In addition. the university 
revealed that it will reduce 
annual energy costs by as much 
as $5 million by registering 98 
projects in California's "Savings 
by Design Program," which pro-
vides design assistance, energy 
analysis and financial incen-
tives to offset the increased 
costs associated with energy-
efficient buildings. 

The report also lauded UC 
Berkeley for its tirst-in-the-
nation Green Building Research 
Center and UC Merced for its 
environmental stewardship 
practices . 

21" Wheeled Bac:k Pac:k 
] lap 1'J::r. ~ SIze 

Hidden beck peck straps .,. stored 
behind. ptldded bIIck PItRe. 
Remov.bIe front dIIy p8Ck. 

-.>,,..$8999 
26"WheeIed BlIck Peck 

CQI1IP.S175.oo $11 '.99 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

••• WHATEVER By BEN JUWONO 

THURSDAY. JANUARY 19. '2006 

THE~GUARDIAN 
Grant Schrader EdIor In O*f 
Vladimir koKan ~ &lion 

tan S. lion 
Nathan Miklos Copy &lion 
Heather Welles 

Charles Nguyen Neon EdIIor 
~tthew McArdle AModIIe Neon EdIIor 
Marianne Madden 0pinIcIII EdIIor 

Hanna Camp AIIGdMe 0pWan 
EdIor 

Rael Enleen SpoIls EdIIor 

Angie lin ANodIIe Sports 
EdIor 

Christine Pae Focus EdIor 

Marnette Fedcris ANodIIe Focus EdIIor 

Cody B. Nabours HIiIus EdIIor 
Christine Oark AModIIe HIatus 

Gaelle Faure Edllon 
Billy Wong PhoIo EdIIor 

Alexander Varond ANodIIe PhoIo EdIIor 

Andrew Nguyen Desip EdIor 
&IIIcxW Alsistull 

New Co~plex Will Have 
Lounges, Study Rooms 

~tthew L'Heureux 

Richard Choir Na~ =hi. Wendy Shieu. 
Utako Ueda. Simone Wilson 

CopyltNden 
Chris Covington. Matt McArdle, 

Neda Oreizy 
• CENTER, from page 1 

Construction on the new Student 
Center building broke ground last fall, 
and is funded jOintly by reserves from 
the University Center's budget and the 
chancellors office. 

The next phase of the expansion, 
which is scheduled to begin spring 
2007, will remodel the old Student 
Center complex to the design motif o( 
the new building. A $39 quarterly ref-
erendum fee approved by students in 
2003 will pay for the second phase. 

"It's going to be a cosmetic facelift," 
Feldman said. "But the bigger changes 
we want is making it gravitate toward. 
this area." 

The university will demolish the 
North Conference Room in Student 
Center to make way for a plaza. Once 
complete, the expansion would create a 
24-hour study lounge with a computer 
lab and commuter student resources. 

Readers call contact Charles Nguyen at 
charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Michael Foulks AdwettIsIns ~ 
Michelle T sai SIudetII AdwerIIsIns 

MiN&er 
Mike Maninez AdvertIsIns Aft 

DIrector 

Kim-long Le Senior lutiness 
AssIsUnt 

ChriSty Faoor IutIness AlAstant 

Mwertisement Desiln nI Uyovt 
George Chen. RiChard Chol 

State Wants Accountability 
Before Funding Outreach 

The UCSD Gua,dian is published Mondays 
and Thursdays during the academic year 
by UCSD students ana for the UCSD com-
munity. Reproduction of this newspaper 
in any form, whether in whole or in part. 
without permiSSion is str ictly prohib,ted. 
o 2006. all rights leserved. The UCSD 
Guardian is not responsible for the return 
of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necesS<lrily repre-
sent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian. 
the University of California or Associated 
Students. The UCSD Gua,dian is funded 
solely by advenising. With a big fat cock 
in her mouth . 

• BUDGET, from page 1 
This year, programs such as the 

Early Academic Outreach Program 
and Student-Initiated Outreach will 
face budget burdens under the gover-
nor's plan, according to UC Students 
Association Organizing Director Ruth 
Obel-Jorgensen. 

UCSA board members will meet 
this weekend to plan lobby efforts to 
try to get the Legislature to restore the 
funding, Obel-Jorgensen said. 

The state did not provide money to 
the programs because the UC has no 
solid way of evaluating its programs, 
Palmer said. 

"The issue here is finding a mea-

suring tool for outreach and programs 
like it," he said_ "We want to wait until 
that is complete until we commit to 
any funding:' 

Students will have trouble attend-
ing college with the governor's denial 
of funding to outreach, according to 
UCSA President Anu Joshi. 

"Of course we're thrilled about the 
fee buyback and saving students real 
money, but we are just as concerned 
about limiting access to the thousands 
of students across the state." she stated 
in a press release. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen at 
charles_nguyen@sbcg1obal.net. 

Colonial 
Garage 
of La Jolla, Inc. 
R .. 11abIe Servk .. e • Repair 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org 

News: 858-534-5226, newt l@ocsdguWian.org 
F",;us: 858-534-5226, ",.tu~",,!diin.org 
Hiatus: 658-534-6583. h"t~n.org 

Opinion: 656·534-6582. op;nion@uadguard'.In.org 
5por1>: 658-534-6582. ~dian.org 
Photo: 858-534-6581, ~n.org 

Advertising: 858-534-3466 
ads@ucsdguardian.org 

Fax: 858-534-7691 
The UCSD Guardian 

9S00 Gilman Drive, .()316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
wwW.ucsdguardian.org 

We do: 
Oil Change & Lube • Coolont 
Change • Shocks & Struts 
Axles • Tire Mount & Balance 
• Traramission SeMa! • ~ 
Alignments • c-v Joinb • r oming 
Belts • Front End Work • Starters 
Air Conditioning Service a 30k 60k 
9OkMaild81lCllaService· AItematon 
Exhaust SysIIms • BaIteries 
Diagnostics • Tuna-ups • Check 
Engine Ugh! & Mon!I 

r--------~--------. 
I 15% Ch~k I Brakes I 
I Engine I Front Pads Insbllled I 
: OFF Ught 1$9995*~:""'1 

Exp. 2/19/08 I Exp. 2/19/08 I 
.--------+--------4 :~O OFF: .. ~~ ... : 
I Any Repair** I 7"," ~ .... :-= I 
I LHor Illy 2/:J08 I $18995 Exp. I 
.. Nat good with oIhIr ..aaIL 2/2.1/01 
• - ~ Our Il1CChiltltC,", ,lrp NOT Oil (Ol1llllt ...... tOIl 

You ;]rl' NEVER ,",old ",ollll'thltl~ ~Oll do flot IH'Pei 
_ ... _ ........... 

THURSDAY. JANUARY 19. 2006 THE U€SD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

o~ Sausages, Sudan and 
Shadiness - In· That Order 

Studying Abroad Heightens Health Risks 

W hat's the technical term for 30 people squeezed into the already cramped Student 
Leadership Chambers, complete with 
security guards swarming around the 
perimeter? Surprisingly, it's not Student 
Organization Leadership Office reg-
istration .sessions, but the start of the 
16th A.S. meeting of the year, pre-
empted and abruptly moved due to the 
UC Board of Regents meeting. 

The 45-minute 

, a "hot topic" in the past, this one 
passed rather effortlessly. What did 
spark debate, however, was whether or 
not the A.S. Council should cancel the 
Feb. 22 meeting in order to prepare for 
the "State of the Campus Address." 
... "[ think it would be irresponsible to 
just cancel a meeting;' Revelle College 
Senior Seriator Rachel Corell said, the 
lone vote to keep the meeting as sched-
uled. However, 16 senators voted for can-

cellation, so a word 
to the wise: Don't delay didn't seem 

to stall business 
that much, nor did 
the fact that audi-
ence members 

New 
Business 

show up in . Price 
Center Ballroom A 
that date. The empty 
chairs in the audi-

were more or less 
resigned to sitting 
directly atop the 
council because of 

ence will be even ,;..M-"a:.:.;tt:.:-.;;L~' H....;..;;;,eu;;;;..:..;:..;;:,;,x,;.. emptier. 
mlheureu@ucsd.edu Also debated 

lack of space in the room. With six 
sen'ators, several nonvoting council-
members and the public missing, so 
was much of the conflict that's given 
this correspondent something to write 
about for the last few weeks. 

Despite the looming special elec-
tion, and the regents pow-wow that 
had taken place directly downstairs 
only a few hours earlier, the A.S. 
Council took on an extremely hard-
hitting and imperative topic for its 
council caucus: whether to serve bacon 
or sausage at the next A.S. Mid.night 
Pancake Breakfast. . 

"Generally, the girls preferred bacon 
and the boys preferred sausage." A.S. 
Vice President of Academic Affairs 
Harry Khanna said, causing t~e room 
to erupt ·in laughter. Ten additional 
minutes of sausage jokes and a vote 
later, not much was resolved. [t was 
unclear which side dish actually won. 

On the old business agenda, the 
council unanimously approved a reso-
lution to divest from companies alleg-
edly supporting genocide in Sudan. 
Though political resolutions have been 

was whether or not 
the council has the right to change 
the number of days in which the A.S. 
Council must respond to a special dec-
tion petition. The item originally began 
as clarification to the polioes govern-
ing signature collection, but the coun-
cil was not sure how it felt on malcing 
amendments to other amendments on 
the fly. Sixth College Senior Senator 
Matt Corrales, who proposed the origi-
nal changes. argued that the alterations 
were so minor that waiting the two-
week legislative cycle was unneces-
sary. However, Corell was adamant that 
the council's constituents needed the 
time to approach their representatives 
and offer feedback, if they so desired. 
Ultimately, ~nators de!=ided to table 
the item for one week. 

To conclude the evening, Eleanor 
Roosevelt College Freshman Senator 
Kari Gohd provided the council with a 
list of synonyms for the word "shady" 

. to provide a variety of alternatives to 
councilmembers who often use the 
word to criticize pending legislation. 

If she had only done the same for 
packaged meat products. 

By Joie GUller 
DAilY BRUIN 

(U-W[RE) LOS ANGELES 
Students may want to start think-
ing about potential health concerns 
months prior to packing their bags 
and heading to another country for 
a study-abroad program. 

. And they should begin soon, as 
applications for programs to study 
abroad during the upcoming or fall 
are usually due around this time of 
year, 

When going abroad via the 
Education Abroad Program and 
9rganizations such as Travel Study, 
students must undergo a health 
evaluation by a doctor to ensure 
they are up to date with their immu-
nizations. 

The required vaccinations vary 
depending on the country to which 
students are traveling. . 

The Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention Web site suggests 
that students make. appointments 
with their doctors in the United 
States eight weeks . prior to travel. 
Some immunization series can take 
approximately six months to com-
plete. . 

According to the CDC, the avian 
flu has been reported among humans 
in Cambodia, China, Indonesia, 
Thailand, Thrkey and Vietnam . 

"There is no vaccination [for 
the avian flu], so the main thing 
to avoid is contact with poultry," 
said Ashley Christiani, primary care 
college chairwoman at the UCLA 
David Geffen School of Medicine. 
"Avoid eating undercooked poultry 
or raw eggs." 

Christiani recommends that stu-
dents wash their hands frequently 
and carry alcohol-based hand sani-
tizers in order to help prevent sick-
ness, especially in areas where there 
may not J)e good access to water. 

Sophomore English student 
Shireen Heidari participated 

UC STUDENT REGENT 
INFORMAT~ONAL FORUM 

UaJ7'aoth 
2:16 - 3:15pm 

in the Student Leade.,.., Qambers (Ird Floor Price ceater) 

in a UCLA summer program in 
Stratford-upon-Avon, England. 
During her time abroad, health 
care was provided by the program's 
tuition cost, a doctor traveled with . 
her group and she had access to a 

- local pharmacy. 
"There were a lot of people with 

allergies because there's more pollen 
in England than there is here, appar-
ently;' Heidari said. "You would 
assume that the food wouldn't be 
that different, but in our case, the 
food was a lot heavier, so a lot of 
people were having trouble. People 
were getting sick and not being able 
to eat because the food was different 

] there is any kind 
of oubt in terms of 
the quality of water, 

don't drink if' 
- Ashley Christiani, Primary Care 
Chairwoman, UCLA David Geffen 

School of Medicine 

and processed differently, but every-
one adjusted after about five days." 

The students were asked to bring 
medications they used on a regular 
basis. 

"The brand names don't neces-
sarily carryover abroad," Heidari 
said. "Sometimes it's tough to find 
what you're looking for, especially 
when the language is different." 

She also said that a lot of people 
in England smoked , repr~senting 
another health adjustment UCLA 
students needed to make, especially 
those with asthma. 

EAP requires students to have 
health insurance that will provide 
coverage while they are abroad. The 
UCLA Student Health Insurance 
Plan only gives 50 percent coverage 

thursday 

JARHEAD 

internationally, so students some-
times opt to purchase secondary 
insurance. 

The health and safety practices 
of EAP begin when students inquire 
about the programs, and do not stop 
until they return to their campuses, 
stated Bruce Hanna, director of stra-
tegic marketing and communica-
tions for EAP, in an e-mail. 

He added that an important part 
of EAP practices is to make sure 
students understand their personal 
responsibilities and the importan~e 
of having a safe and healthy experi-
ence abroad. 

. There are · measures students 
can take to protect themselves from 
common illnesses. 

"Depen.ding on the country they 
are traveling to, gastrointestinal 
complaints seem to be number one." 
Christiani sald. 

Not eating undercooked meat or 
drinking water that may appear to 
be contaminated can help alleviate 
this problem, she said. 

"In general, if there is any kind 
of doubt in terms of the quality of 
the water, don't drink it." Christiani 
said. "Even with brushing teeth. it 
doesn't take a lot of water to get 
you sick:' 

Although water is present in 
common uses, students should still 
be wary, according to Christiani. 

"What I students are] eating 
should be cooked or something that 
can be peeled and not risk that it's 
been washed with tainted water;' 
she said. 

Hanna also said that EAP closely 
monitors health issues developing 
around the world to gauge poten-
tial impact on students ' and staff 
abroad. 

Other safety practices the CDC 
details include notifying local con-
tacts of personal locations and itin-
eraries, not standing out, not travel-
ing alone at night and practicing 
safe road travel. 

~I 
~ 5"""' •• ~t'I1ien ... /klll in ... Marines. geH 
"- Mel mn, " 111M In the lint Gull WlI. As an tIitt sniper 
... lilt ~ If ....... ...-, s..fiInI and his paIS 
fIo..t, ........ Io.t •• =_ ... ~ .... 
.,... 111'1_ ............ dIsWIIIII_ whr!h.Y_1IIII 
" ~ ill 1M lint pIIii. 511ri111t. GyIIII.I aM lillie FlU. 

7pm & 10pm a $3 

satul day 
'-11 

6pm & 9pm a $3 



• 

4. THE~~nIAN t of the dty's problems, rather than 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org OPINION ~ 

Props to San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders 
for tililing honestly about the depth 

sugarcoating the nature of the crisis. 

evasive responses to the Senate Judiciary ~ 
Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito's ~ 
Committee's questions are making him 

EDITORIALS 
End'Caste Segregation 
at Community Colleges 
Though Rev. Martin Luther King often spoke out about inequality, he prob-ably did not have California's community 
colleges in mind . But Gov. ernor should be enthusiastically 
Arnold Schwarzenegger's plan applauded for his efforts. 
to equalize state funding for C ritics will surely point out 
the state's campuses is surely an that what California's communi-
e~cellent way to celebrate King's ty colleges need is more funding 
bl rt~day. . for all, not just 

Since the a Robin Hood 
1970s, when COMMUNITY COLLEGE scheme for the 
local property poorest, and 
taxes deter- • After nei1rty three they could be 
mined funding decades, poor campuse5 right. In times 
f~r commu- may finally get equal of tough budget 
OIty colleges, fo~tln8· deficits, though, 
the system ~~s Schwarzenegger 
remamed dIVIded between the is right to focus his attention on 
haves and the have-nots. When the most needy. 
the state took over the payments Since the budget crunch 
for the campuses, the differenc- began in 2001, community col-
es remained, with those located lege fees have mushroomed , 
in poor - a nd often minority- - though they're stiU below 
d.o~inated areas - receiving the national average -;- and stu-
significantly less than coll~ges dent populations have shrunk. 
in ritzy locales. Hopefully, the governor's plan 

In his budget, however, represents a new state commit-
Schwarzenegger has offered the ment to this important compo-
first comprehensive proposal to nent of the public postsecond-
bring the poorer districts up to ary education system. 
par with the rich ones. T he plan We uspect that if he were 
i decades overdue, and the gov- alive, King would approve. 

State Can Better Its Batting 
Average on Imprisonment 

W hen Californian's first approved the hardnosed "three-strikes" law in 1994, the decision was emblematic of the 
state's attitude toward criminal cept. College students, . whose 
justice:' Lock away the scoundrels, tuition fees are indirectly at stake, 
and throwaway the key. should beon the forefront of this 

Now a decade wiser, there debate. Since higher education 
is little eviden ce that the 25- and prison funds come out of 
years-to-life for repeat offenders the same money pool, lowering 
has done much to deter crime, prison costs will free up more 
though it has redirected a grow- funds for schools. 
ing portion of state funds away As for the current refurm 
from higher education into the proposal, which would limit 
state's correction- the extended 
al sy tem. While prison sentences 
the state saw its THREE STRIKES for third- time 
crime rates drop offenders only 
in the 1990s, so • Proposed changes to " to those whose 
did others that "three strikes"' a good last crime is "viu-
had no three- Impetus for a new debate. lent" or "serious:' 
st rikes statutes. much work still 
On the other hand, some schol- remain to be done (including a 
arly work suggests that the law definition of what qualifies as a 
h.as only added to the burden of violent or serious crime). But it is 
the judicial system, with more certainly a good start. 
thi rd -timers forgOing plea agree- Like poI.icies dealing with ille-
ments and demanding a trial. gal immigration, public debate 

In the coming months, over crime has often lacked logi-
Californians wiU have a chance cal reasoning and relied more 
to re-examine the law; earlier this on appeals to raw emotion and 
month, a coalition that includes fear; similar paranoia gave birth 
prosecutors - .such as the state's to three strikes a decade ago. 
largest district attorney's office California can and should do bet-
- called for changes to the con- ter this time around. 

TH:E~GUARDIAN EDITORIAL BOAR~ 
Grant Schroder 

Vladimir Kogan 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Lan S. Port 
MANAGING EDITOR 

EDITOR IN CH IEF 
Charles Nguyen 

N EWS EDITOR 
Marianne Mtubkn 
OPINION EDITOR 

The UC I? Guardian is published ~ice a week at the University of California 
~I San 0 , go. Contents 0 2006. V,ewS expressed herem represent the major-
Ity vote of th editorial board and are not necessarily Ihose of Ihe UC Board 

of Regents, Ihe ASUCSO or the member of Iii Guardian staff. 

look less inspiring than Harriet Meyers. THURSDAY, JANUARY 19,2006 ___________________ _ 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL 
I'd like to thank the ~ talented cut I 
worked with 00 Brokeback Mountain, 

the wonderful crew who helped me 
bring the .tory to life, my family .•• 

By Jennifer Hsu 

Ang lee's secret thoughts during his Golden Globe acceptance speech 

Let's Talk Procrastination - Wait, 
Hold On, I Need to Check My E-mail 

Indecent 
Exposure 

nne Madden 

As I sat writ ing notes for this column while docking hours 
. at my internship, I had an 
epiphany. Google has it exactly right: 
The company lets its employees 
spend 20 percent of their time at 
work on personal projects. 

Why is thi~ the right idea? 
Because, just as 90 percent of any-
thing is crap, 20 percent of anyone's 
time is spent fucking around - espe-
cially if you're getting paid to have 
your behind in the cotrect chair. For 
insufferable overachievers, cut that 
percentage to between 10 and t 5 per-
cent. And for the rest, adjust that up 
to 25 percent - or, hell, even more, 
depending on how schoofed you are 
in the art of procrastinndo. For me, 
I'm lucky if any less than a third of 
my "work time" is spent with my 
mind elsewhere. (When scheduline. 
I adjust for inflation. An assignment 
that should take two hours takes 
three. And so on. It's like paying a tax 
for A.D.D., except instead of paying 
with money, you pay with minutes 
and hours of your life.) 

E\(en at UCSo, a world-class insti -
tution of learning where I expected 
to be surrounded by wall-to-wall, 
nose-to-the-grindstone types, pro-
crastination is like a class that every-
one takes, but which professors don't 
acknowledge and that no one earns 
units for passin~. 

Instead, the value of this non-
course is measured in cheap, quick 
thriUs (like the joy of play.ing Internet 
poker while one's boss lurks five feet 
away), then guilt, then frustration 
(when you realize you must pull. 
an all -nighter if you want 3"Y hope 
of completing the. paper that was 
assigned five weeks prior), then 
the bittersweet payoff of actually 
completing one's work (bittersweet 
because, dammit, procrastination 
is sorta fun) . Procrastination is so 
prevalent among UCSD students, 
you're a freak if you don't engage 
in it. My friends look at me like 
I'm crazy when, after they complain 
about poor' grades or having to pull 
alJ-rl ighters, 1 bitchily tell them they 
cou ld aVOid the problem by not put-

ting off their work, goddammit. 
But, at the same time, I'm coo-

vinced that many friendships are 
founded and sustained on procrasti-
nation - we do need someone to talk 
to while PUtting off important work, 
after all (though one hates to be the 
Friend That Only Gets Called When 
The Other Person is Bored; that's a 
low tier of social impOrtance). 

The mark of a truIy professional 
procrastinator is that she spends her 
procrastination sessions doing the 
most inane shit possible. We're talk-
ing activities that have no payoff 
whatsoever, except for a quick rush 
of adrenaline or cheap amusement. 
For guys, this means playing video 

en at UCSD, a 
odd-class institution 
of learning where 
I expected to be 
surrounded by 

wall-to-wall, nose-
to-the-grindstone 

types, procrastination 
is like a dass that 

everyone takes, but 
which professors dont 
admowledge and that 
no one earns units for 

passing.'" 

games suited for 12-year-olds, furi -
ously masturbating or gambling on 
the Internet. For.girls, it's all about the 
Holy Trinity: Grooming, Gossiping 
and Daydreaming. 

So far this morning, for example, 
I've redone my hair, checked my nails 
(twice), picked lint off my blazer (for 
ten minutes), written four pages of 
notes to myself. checked my voice 
mail and dreamily stared out the 
window while daydreaming about 
God-knows-what for God-knows-
how-long - all without getting a lick 
of actual work done. A procrastina-
tor's home run, if you'll allow me a 
small moment of gloating. 

Things would be different if the 

Internet connection at my office 
wasn't down today; I would've obses-
sively checked and rechecked all 
my e-mail accounts (even the spam 
ones) and checked every news, gos-
sip and entertainment Web site I 
know - even the sucky ones. 

This morning was a true exer-
cise in experiential learning. My 
Procrastination 101 professor, if he 
existed, would be truly proud. 

Web surfmg when one has noth-
ing else to do is boring; Web surfing 
while under pressure to do some-
thing else is thrilJing fun . So many 
Web sites and forums postings - s6 
little time! And gossiping is so much 
more interesting when other activi-
ties are pressing. Talking about my 
friend's boyfriend's cousin? Boring, 
until a deadline comes within 24 
hours of the present. There's nothing 
that screams "I have cell phone min-
utes to waste on inane conversations· 
like WPaper due at 9 a.m. tomorrow." 

Why is that? What evil natural 
law makes silly activities so much 
more compelling when important 
tasks beckon? Why do TV shows 
turn fascinating when I've got a 
deadline to meet? Why does my 
mind dance with dreams of weekend 
shenanigans when penalties for late 
papers are breathing down my neck? 
Why, for the love of Christ, can I only 
bring myself to do laundry or make 
my bed when I'm late completing 
one assignme.nt and clueless about 
another? God truly has a cruel sense 
of humor. Or maybe I need Adderall. 
I'm not sure. 

As truly top-notch procrastinators 
must have picked up on, however, I'm 
only a grade-B responsibility. shirker 
(though, after trying many new reci-
pes while I have papers to write, I 
bake damn good cookies). My prob> 
lem is that, wheA skirting some duty 
or another, I do productive things 
(for t.he most pan). Mindless Web 
surfuig and lint -picking only take up 
a small portion of my procrastination 
time. For much more precious work 
time, I will cook a nice dinner, clean 
my room, respond to e-mail$, shop 
for groceries. delete old files from 
my computer, wash m}' car and catch 
up with old friends. In fact - I hate 
to admit this - my most productive 
moments come while procrastinat-
ing. Is this a sign I should work at 
GoogJe? Who knows. But, I fear the 
day I'm at a loss for dull schoolwork 
to put off. Because that'll be the day I 
don't get a damn thing done. 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDtAN OPtNION S 

. GUEST COMMENTARY 
New Year Dawns on the Perpetually 
Difficult Situation in the Middle East 

By Tali Shousltrman 

The past few years have been i ndescrib-
ably heart-wrenching for the Israeli, as well 
as the Palestinian, people. The intifadah that 
raged since 2000, and only rec~ntly subsided, 
has taken an enormous toll on Israel, not only 
in terms of lives and economics, but also on 
the emotional and psychological well-being 
of the population. 

ern its own people. Additionally, the resump-
tion of peace negotiations between Israeli 
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian 
Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas marks 
the first time io five years that Israeli and 
Palestinian leaders have sat down to try to 
reconcile their problems. 

However, tenorism is still an ongoing 
problem, as the recent Hamas suicide attacks 
- were a deadly hindrance to 

However. in the dark-
est hours of despair, there 
emerged a ray of hope 
in the war-torn region. 
A change in Palestinian 
leadership, along with the 
Israeli decision to dis-
engage from Gaza and 
parts of the West Bank, 
have sparked cautious but 
hopeful dialogue indicat-
ing a thawing of relations 
between the neighboring 
people. 

- --------- peaceful relations between 

~ intifadah that 
raged since 2000, 
and only recently 

subsided, has taken 
an enonnous toll on 

Isra.el •.. " 

the two nations. 
Although the politicS 

in Israel have taken center 
stage in the recent years, 
Israel has. a lot more to 
offer than to serve simply 
as an abstract case study 
on conflict. Israel is one 
of the world's leading pro-
ducers of computer tech-
nology and medical inno-
vation, and this year, the 

Most people today, 
however, are not deluded 

_ Tall Shousterman San Diego Israel Alliance 
int~nds to bring a new 
face of Israel to UCSD to 

enough to have the wild 
expectations for lasting peace that character-
ized international sentiment during the Oslo 
and Camp David eras. Rather than hanging 
all hopes for peace on dreams of immediate 
Israeli·Palestinian reconciliation, Israel has 
taken active steps to ensure that both people 
have the opportunity to live in relative quiet. 
Commencing this previous August, Israel 
began a difficult withdrawal from the Gaza 
Strip and certain West Bank settlements. 
This is a crucial step toward providing the 
Palestinian Authority more autonomy to gov-

promote an Israel that is 
beyond the conflict. 

Israel is a concept that every student can 
identify with, whether it is because of Israel's 
fantastic rap music, technological innovation 
or even its fascinating cultural diversity; it 
is a dynamic and positive experience. With 
the positive progression of political events 
in Israel, it is now time to make Israel come 
alive. 

Tali Shousterman is an events co-chair at the 
San Diego Israel AlIUInu. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR--
Article Unfairly Maligns 

Intelligent Design 
Dear Editor: 

I thought that overall your article, wWhen 
Real Judicial Conservatives Attack" was mod · 
erately fair, but my concern is not with issue 
of the "name caUing" ofthe Intelligent Design 
group. My concern is how you have repre-
sented 1.0. You have called it "nonsense" and 
inferred that its proponents are dishonest. 
Now both of these things may be the case 
(I believe them not to be), but to slide these 
(unjustified) comments under the rug is both 
sly and dishonest. The federal appeals court 
in the recent to. case was not a ruling on the 
Validity of the theory, but was a ruling on the 
misuse of 1.0. by the Dover School District. 
Thus to insinuate the nonsensical nature and 
dishonesty of 1.0. as a theory was done with-
out justification; this is my qualm. 

Maybe you could do an article on what 
1.0. actually argues. I would like to give 
kudos for the remark: "intelligent design isn't 
supposed to be about God at all." which is 
perfectly correct. I just wanted to say that, for 
most people miss that point. 

- Josh Norton 
UCSD Intelligent Design and Evolution 

Awareness Club Member 

Outdoor Cigarette Smoke 
Not Significantly Harmful 

Dear Editor: 
In your Jan. 12 issue, a letter complained 

that "40,000 nonsmoking Americans die year-
ly due to exposure to secondhand smoke," 
then alluded to students being "forced to 
breathe others' secondhand smoke as they've 
walked to or from class." 

I don't remember ever walking through a 
cloud of smoke to get to class, but setting that 
aside for the sake of argument, I wonder: How 
many of the 40,000 mentioned above died 
from incidental outdoor smoke? In terms 
of research, could health effects possibly be 
attributed to such minimal exposure? 

I(i wager gasoline -burning vehicles do 

more damage to our lungs at UCSD than do 
people smoking here and there on campus. 

- Dana Dahlstrom 
Vice p'resident Internal, Graduate Student 

Associatio'l 

UCSD Alumnus' Political 
Campaign Worth Support 

Dear Editor: 
I am a senior at San Diego State University. 

I am writing this letter in regards to the 
article, ' UCSD's Varied Political Spectrum:· 
I, for one, am very excited that UCSD alum-
nus Bryan Barton is running for Congress. 
I look forward to voting for him because he 
really looks out for student rights. Because 
the 53rd CongreSSional District. has more 
college students than any other district in 
the country, we need someone like Barton to 
represent us. 

I will soon be re-registering to vote for Ihe 
.2006 election and I would urge others to reg-
ister as well, especially college students. 

- Erin Levine 
San Diego State Senior 

• The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be no longer 
than 500 words, typed, double-spaced and 
signed with a name and applicable title. 
Letters must also contain a phone number. 
We reserve the right to edit for length and 
clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the 
Guardian office on the second floor of 
the Student Center or e-mailed. Send all 
letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La JoUa, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: 
Ietters@ucsdguardian.org 

Go Abroad with U C Irvin e 
2006 Travel Study Program! 

travel. study. live. 

Earn UC credit. No hassle transferring credit from abroad. 
FULFIU academic requirements! 

abroad for that 
once-in-a-lifetime 

experience I 
Open to 

students from 
all colleges. 

including 
freshmen a nd 

graduating 
All courses are 
taught in English. 

Plan ahead, get ahead, and graduate sooner. 

Go somewhere this summer. Enroll today! UCIrvine 
SUMMER SESSION 



6 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Cody B. Naoours 
hiall4s@ucsdgtlardiall .org hiatus 

a rts/ente rta i n m ent 

exit strateg~ 
ON CAMPUS 
Steve Schick 

Jan. 25 
PRICE CfN rER 

GAllERV A 

OFF CAMPUS 
Imogen Heap 

Jan. 23 
HOUSE Of BlUES 

21+ 

HIURSDAY,JANUARY 19,2006 -------------------------

By Talar Hovnanian 
C0NTR18UTlNG W1!fT£R 

ix . different perspectives on a unique 
artistic YIsioo gncefuIly c:oDide in the 
Univmity Art GaIJery'. "New Visual 
Arts Faculty 2006- edUbition featuring 
work from recent additions to the UCSP 
visual arts department. Oisp1ayinc pieces 
like life-Iir.ed portraits of shl.rtless poster 
boys and an "adults-only" video dip, 

artists Amy Adler, Jordan Crandall, Teddy Cruz, 
Ricardo Dominguez, Natalie Jeremijenko and Brett 
Stalbaum explore novel approaches to modem art 
and introduce innovative perceptions of its pur-
potc. 

One such display by Adler aptuJft the raw 
human state, amplifying reality throuch representa-
tion by augmentina ber photoplpby with a variety 
of media. A poignant aeries of five self-portraits 
titled -Hotel Room" aod a'pi«c called -Jeff Burton 
Box Cov«s- t-sent photography' uncanny ability 
to capture emQt.ion. 

Usin& perhaps a more subtle approach, media 
theorist Crandall addresses the current social 
climate of obsession with &eeurity through his 
art with video instaBmenu edited using mili-
tary motion-tracking software. The piece, titled 
"Drive; explores the nature of fear and the human 
inclination to see and be seen. 

One of the more standard pieces in the collec-
tion dearly indicates the architectural roots of artist 
Cruz. Within hit collection. Crul uses photo con-
Ifrucdooa to jumpote iDfrutructural upccts of. 
the J'Idically different sides of die border betweea 
CalifurJlia and Mexico. His coIIeGtioa. *Jluaaa 
Worbhop." exploreI the _de siJIIoiIaril* between 
the rw. seemiDlly IeJ** tpherea. Cruz con-
structed one exceptionally memorable installment 
with onIiDary adhaiw tape - perhaps III adempt . 
to emulate the tanporary neture 0( the Aructur1:a 
pictuftd in the work. 

-njuana builda belf from the WIllIe ci Sea 
Dteeo: Quz said.. '"Our Ieftoma CleIlIe • micro-
in&utnacture whkh ..... itIeIf there wery 
year~ Cruz .... 1Ib tbia ~ within each 
ofbilplaL _ 

In a completely contrasting uma, Domlngua, 
also known as the father of "hacktivism; pres-
ents his work through nonviolent protests via 
the Internet. By blocking entrance to Web sites 
through virtual sit-ins, Dominauez uses cybenpau 
U hit CIIl¥III tOr chil tlbabcdiePo:c. Onnf"" most 
...... pieces .......... II the MIeopety-
tlqu., "loftier ... teMI .. IOCIal QlPi-
mentary about imJni&rant life on the Southern 
CaIifonUan border. 

)emDijen.ko'l e:a:epdoDaIIy IIIICOII'VeIlti con-
tribution to the allow cIeIwI iato the IIMIIium of 
fUm. -sukide ac.: creat.ecl after the iaIpnIitioe 
oIbeavy SUl'YdUance in high profile tourist areas 
.. Sept. 11 presents footage of the Golden GIite 
..... ad the indIviduals who committed suicide 
1;y jllrnptng oIr of it withln 100 aays of the terroritt 
1Iltack •. The Irony of the IUlcides that coincide with 
eftioru to malntaia aaIety~ IIII'\IeIIIanct lib. 
IUOY piecIet in her ~ qaeatiou the DeCeI-
iitJofsomc ofthae measul'fS 

IJMItipting pboto-imagiDgtechnolCJBythroup 
one of the mott remarkable Items on diIpIay. 
SteJteum, whose medium is digital Imagery, preI-
... d.iap'am of 10 kilometers of a computatiala-
...,. .... wil .... tnil. With his 'IinuII..a.. 
!IaIIMwa aarveya ........ ing U.S. QerJIopaII 
IDIJM to aate .. hiklna and walkins tNtII. Much 
like the work of bit colla,,*, StaIbaum's acem-
iDtIY ICItatifk aad artiItk endeavor questioN the 
lenient and fluid boundaries of art. 

Through their incredibly diverse badtgrollD4b 
aod cboices ofmedl .. the artIab' ~ tuw'Iftl 
the1r1UbjeCll boldly ............. I ..... Jiaaita-
tIoaI. 'I1Ie edIIIIit ..... the I.. II, 0( tJ'CS[1, 
IlIIW fiIadty members. whoM CNiIU •• , ....... . 
cIftdpIavy bouda ...... DeW ...... "1$ ...... 
the definition and purpose of modem art. 

The «New Visual Arts Faculty 2006- uJribit wiU 
be on display at the U"iversity Art Gallery through 
Jlfltdea 

J 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 7 

Pocahontas and Smith Gracefully 
·Recapture the Garden of Eden 

OF NEW LINE 
Swcuhbucklin ': Colin Farrell plays mh century English explorer John Smith, who became entranced by the youl1g 
Pochahontas (portrayed by 14-year-old actress Q'Orianka Kilcher), in Terrence Malick's latest historical drama. 

By Kaveh Keshmiri 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

In his fourth film in 30 years, Terrence Malick's "The New World" is a graceful interpretation set in the historic backdrop of the English 
colonization of America in 1607. Following 
his World War II examination of U.S. soldiers' 
existential narratives in "The Thin Red Line," 
Malick reaches even further into history, to 
the English settlement of the new land and its 
Native people, disclosing the clash between the 
English and Native cultures. 

Fortunately, "New World" lacks the tear-
jerking Hallmark moral to which the savage tale 
could easily have led. Malick decides instead to 
unveil the disillUSioning fate of a young Native 
heroine (Q'Orianka Kilcher) in her journey to 
empathize with Europe and its multifaceted 
soul. Initially, the fum gravitates around the 
adventurous spirit of John Smith (Colin Farrell) 
and his troop of semisenile sailors as they 
attempt to survive in a world bereft of the long 
shadow of the state and church. Later, we meet 
the Native commune: primitive, altruistic and 
harmoniously hierarchical. 

The depth of the production lies in its lack 
of verbal articulation. Instead, Malick presents 
a continuous sketch of characters absorbed in a 
world of fleeting passion and desolate routes of 
escape. The most vivid account is the affectionate 
relationship between Smith and the Native tribe's 
princess (also known as Pocahontas in previous 
adaptations of the story). From their first shared 
glances, Malkk captures the engaging glare of 
human frailty on the brink of an unquenchable 
curiosity. Before spoiling their waltz with the 
fate that awaits them, Malick shares a number of 
intimate (and wordless) scenes between the two 
caressing and playing under various wondrous 
sites reminiscent of an America that presently 
exists only in imagination. 

The New World 

**** Colin Farrell. Christian Bale. Q'Orianka Kilcher 
Directed by Terrence Malick 

Opens Jan. 20 
Rated PG-13 

Malick freezes time when the two are 
entwined in their forsaken world. Restraining 
their own yearning impulses, the pair remains 
content with synchronous play and impassioned 
attention. No sex, no overtly erotic orcbestra 
music, not even any foreplay; all that Malick 
spies into is the naked, innate force of passion 
by which two foreign characters are both struck. 
And so they resist indulgence in the face of 
anxiety and are thus treated to God's garden for 
the scenes displayed on screen. The surreally 
Simplistic company of Farrell and !GIcher puts 
Sofia Coppola's expatriate "Lost in Translation" 
duo to network shame. Though the two lov-
ers are eventually booted from the garden, it is 
their individual decisions and their respective 
instincts that entangle the once-pure relation -
ship. With no serpent or tree to blame, Smith 
personally retreats with no binding burden to 
resolve but his own. 

For the remainder of the ftlm. Malick fol -
lows the heroine's postimpressionistic life. 
Exiled from her tribe for befriending Smith, she 
becomes an English-speaking, dress-wearing 
housewife of a charmingly polite and respec-
tive farmer, earnestly played by Christian Bale. 
In a heart-wrenching scene at the elopement of 
the two, there hangs the same independently 
fitted cross hovering over the Native's head as 
she relinquishes any past she may have once 
lived. 

In its conclusion, the ftlm seems a bit too 
restraining. Its virtuous use of ambivalence 
compels the audience to construe their own 
rendition of inner monologue that mayor may 
not be in sync with the characters' motives. The 
strength of the ftlm, nonetheless. lies in the 
same issue. Malick is as disciplined a fIlmmaker 
as our generation can experience at the theaters. 
This film is not so much a prejudging docu-
mentary of abusively savage colonizers pointing 
rifles at the innocent Indians; it is a love slory 
that is thrown into a setting between savage 
naivete and ambitious masculinity, mixed at 
the clash of subjective choices - and the con-
sequences these choices entail. It is a new world 
where power and responsibility are inverted 
- shifted from the Empire and the tribe to the 
individual in hope of creating a fresh semblance 
of harmony and order. which turns out all too 
tragically. 

,fashion 
that 

pays to 
berne 

Thursday Coupons 
r----------------------------~ 

. ~ 
FlaUle Broller" 
Alway. Good. • .AIwa,. Guaranteed! 

Chicken Bowl 
S Mecliam DriIIk 

Not valid with any other offer. With coupon only. 
EJcplr •• 2/19/06 

NO MSG • NO BONE· NO SKIN NO FR1'ING 

La JoUa VUJace Center (next to Rubio's) (ass) 58"7-8989 
-----------------------------~ 

I 
I 
I 

-------._-. 

: ,',:" > \\ \ \: \ 

$10 OFF I I I I 
Reg. S33 value. I 

sn forlstvisit of new clients I 
t-" - - - - - - - - -. 
I I 
I I 
I I 

UTC I I 
-4S4S LaJoUavm. Dr. Q;7 I I 

SID Dicp, CA 9Z111 R S45 val I I eg. ue. 
L-______ ~~~~~~~ ________ ~ __________ I_~fu~l:.~::n~~~s~ \ \ ' '\. ~ .... \ , - ... :. ... : ... .. ~ 

Your complete automotive 
repair facility 

BRAKE SPECIAL S5995 Front or Re .. Brakes 

----------------------------,-~ 

r-

SUPER BOWL SUNDAY FEB. 41 

Domino's 
Delivers 

to 
UCSD! 

CALL 452-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. ( 452 - 8273 ) 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. lO am-I am, Fri. & Sat. 10 am-2 am 

•• 

trltonplus Chattes for ",,'ce orders only pleose 
Orde r ONUNE lit www. DomlnosScrnDlep.com 

-+ GUARDIAN SPECIAL 
3 MEDIUM 
1-topping 
PIZZAS 

LA JOLLA/UCSD DOMINO'S 3211 Holiday Court 
(8S8)4S1-817J(UCSD) 

, 

Exp. 6130,106 L _ Good on Hand Tossed ond thin Crull. Deep Dish $1 Extr • . $1 .50 Delivery Charge. _ _________ ..J 



8 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 2006 

Praise the Gods! Woody Allen Stays 
Offscreen in His Elegant, Erotic Comeback 

By Ania Dylewska 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Writing off "Match Point" as a typicaJ Woody Allen comedy is akin to asserting thai the dreari-
ness of the first 20 minutes is indicative 
of the entire edgy, clever film. The 
story unfolds like a BBC melodrama: A 
struggling outsider - in this case, for-
mer tennis pro Chris Wilton (Jonathan 
Rhys-Meyers) - gets a job working for 
the British aristocracy, teaching ten-
nis lessons at an uppity country club 
and subsequently, with the help of an 
acquaintance Tom Hewett (Matthew 
Goode), climbs the social ladder. But 
there is no reason to fret; the hack-
neyed premise quickly receives a jolt 
and morphs into an involved, gripping 
study of faith, luck, love, lust, adultery, 
betrayal, consequence, crime and con-
science. 

COU RTESY Of DREAMWORKS 
Wcu it goodfor you?: In "Match Point: Jonathan Rhys-Meyers plays a social climbing 
Irishman who has a passionate affair with his brother<-in-law's fiancee (Soorlett Johansson). 

As Chris establishes a kinship with 
Tom and, in time, marries Tom's sister 
Chloe (Emily Mortimer), he secures 
for himself a life of comfort, luxury 
and rather monotonous stability. At 
the same time, the unexpected hap-
pens when Chris meets Tom's fian-
cee Nola Rice (Scarlett · Johansson). 
Instant infatuation seems too feeble an 
expression to describe the magnetism 
generated by the twosome during their 
nuanced power play - a subliminally 
erotic conversation and a game of 
ping pong. The apparent complication 
pumps the staggering storyline with 
a much-needed shot of adrenaline, 

and the rest of the fUm operates at an 
engulfing, quick-paced strut. 

who is fatefully plain and unexciting, 
but genuinely compassionate. 

At its core, "Match Point" is an 
operatic tragedy - with impecca-
bly timed operatic compositions 
- grounde4 to a perceptible, real-
istic level by stark cinematography, 
insightful character development 
and natural acting. Rhys-Meyers' 
androgynous physicality automati-
cally arms him with a crucial deceit-
ful quality. He takes a bit of time to 
settle into his role, but eventualJy, he 
succeeds in preserving that narrow 
middJe boundary - not making the 
character too detestable or too piti-
ful. His portrayal of Chris' emotional 
torment and his moral breakdown 
is surprising. Johansson effortless-
ly exudes Nola's inherent sexuality, 
as weU as her masked desperation. 
Goode is charming as a chivalrous 
playboy from an affluent family, and 
Mortimer beautifully fills the thank-
less role of the intelligent, nice gul 

The film goes through a series of 
twists, and becomes a rather cynicaJ 
exploration of the way faith and luck 
function in Chris' life. He concurrently 
secures a prosperous life with Chloe 
and pursues the alluring Nola with 
lust, but his bold actions lead to con-
sequences. As the stakes rise and lives 
are ruined, Chris is forced to make the 
ultimate choice between a life that is 
dull but carefree and one that is pas-
sionate but hopeless. 

sson. Jonathan 
Rhys·Meyers 
~IIIWtiWby WorxJy Allen 

Opens Jan. 10 
Rated R 

"Match Point" is intensely thrill-
ing, sophisticatedly entertaining and 
provocatively unsettling. The title is 
fitting: Just as arnazing match points 
between tennis greats like Andre 
Agassi and Roger Federer can inspire 
reminiscent discussions, Allen's 
accomplishment is bound to stimu-
late some curious conversations, 
particularly with the awards season 
underway. 

The GEORGE HAYDU ESSAY CONTEST 
S2500CASH 

AWARD 
OPEN TO ALL UCSD 

GRADUATE STUDENTS 
The Department of Anthropology announces the 2005-2006 

nineteenth annual George Haydu Essay Prize for the 

Study of Culture, Behavior, 
and Human Values. 

The prize, funded by an endowment provided by the late Dr. George Haydu 
of LaJolla, carries a $2,500 cash award. Contestants must be fully registered 
UCSD graduate students in Spring Quarter, 2006, or must have completed a 
Ph.D. degree at UCSD not earlier than September 1, 2005. 

T he prize will be awarded to the essay which best addresses the relation 
between culture, behavior, and human values. Essays should not be longer 
than thirty-five double space typewritten pages. The George Haydu Essay 
Prize Committee will judge the essays based on originality and scholarship. 
The names of the authors will be withheld from the judges to insure impar-
tiality. If none of the essays is of sufficient quality, the judges may decide not 
to award the prize. If two essays are judged to be of equal excellence, the 
prize will bc divided equally between the two authors. Previous winners of 
the Haydu Prize are ineligible. 

Instructions: Please submit an original and three copies of the essay with 
two cover pages on each essay. The first cover page must include the essay 
ti tle, author's name, department afftliation, home address, cell/home phone 
numbers, and email address. The second page must include the phrase 
" ubmitted in competition for the George Haydu Essay Prize" plus the title 
and a one to two paragraph abstract of the essay. Essays can be delivered in 
per on to The George Haydu Essay Prize Collllllittee, Department 
of Anthropology, Social Science Building, Room 216. Or mail to 
The George Haydu Essay Prize Committee. Department of 
Anthropology, 0532. UCSD. 9500 Gilman Drive. LaJoHa, CA 
92093-0532. 

Deadline for submission is 12:00 noon, Wednesday, March 1,2006. 
The judges' decision will be announced on or about Aprtl15, 2006. 

~~~~ 
NOW HIRING 

The San Diego Unified School District serves 136,000 students throughout the County in 
grades K-12. As San Diego's largest employer, you'll earn competitive wages. work hours 
to fit your schedule, and have the ability to make a difference in a child's life. Join usf 

• Campus· Security Assistant... ............................................... S11.541hr 
(including need for Female and bilingual English/Spanish applicants). 
• Caretaker (hourly custodian) ....... ... .... ........... ... .............. ... S 11.191hr 
Apply in person at 4860 Ruffner Street, San Diego, CA 92111, between 
7AM an~ 3:30PM, Monday-Friday. 
• Child Development Center Assistant .......................... ........ S9.96lhr 
To apply, call 619-725-8150, option 3 to sign up to take the CAPE test. 
For info, call 858-496-8126 or visit 2441 Cardinal lane, Bldg l., 
San Diego, CA 921 23, between 8AM-4PM Monday-Friday. 
• Children's Center Attendant (custodial work) .......... ..... S10.65Ihr. 
Apply in person at 2441 Cardinal lane, Building l, San Diego, CA 92123 
or call 858-496-8126 between 8AM and 4PM for job information. 
• Food Service Substitute Worker .......................................... S8.561hr 
Call 858-627-7320 or 858-627-7321 for more information. 
• Health Assistant (pre-qual pool) .......................................... S9.961hr 
Call 619-725-8195 to sign up for written test. 
• Instructional Assistant ............................................................. 9.961hr 
To apply, call 619-725-8150, option 3 to sign up to take CAPE test. 
• School Bus Driver (will train) .............................................. $1 0.921hr 
Call 858-496-8772 for more information. 
• Special Education Assistant .................................................. S9.961hr 
• Special Education Technician .............................................. $12.72Ihr 
Must have valid CPR card. 
• Substitute Administrative - Secretarial - Clerical Services 
If interested in being a member of our substitute services pool, please call 
619-725-8114. Earn S9.89-S2o.o7/hr depending on assignment accepted. 
For more info, visit www.sandi.nellpersonnel and select the ·Classified· button under 
• Popular Links· to view current non·teaching employment opponunities or call the 
Job Hotline at 619-725-8117. Request an application packet by phone 619-725-8195 
or visit 4100 Normal St., Annex 9, San Diego, CA, 92103. EOE 

I www_sandi .net 1K... 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 2006 

recordiDgsv------
The Advantage 
• EH-TItled 
5 RUE CHRISTINE 

The time is nigh - in a few more years, we will officially become the final generation to have played 
the original Nintendo Entertainment 
System as children. This will give way 
to the Sega Genesis/Super Nintendo 
generation, and fmally (shudder) the 
Nintendo64generation. Luckily, there 
are just enough n?stalgic video game 
nerds around to call for a Nintendo 
cover band: Enter the Advantage. 

Translating the uber-com-
plex beeps and shuffles of the NES 
into bass, drums and guitars, the 
Advantage keep one foot in the 
realm of stony math -rock (drum-
mer Spencer Seim is the guitarist for 
HeIla) and the other in the video-
game world of powerups, secret codes 
and extra guys. Separately, the band 
members are inarguably virtuosic, 
but they integrate unerringly at a jig-
sawed, breakneck pace, emulating the 
careening momentum of the arcade. 

Fatlip 
• Theloneliltst Punk 
THE lAB 

*** In the never-ending rap game to prove w~o's harder, Fatlip straight up surrenders. You might have 
seen him in Ludacris' video for "Get ' 
Back; basicalJy getting crushed for 
being so artnoying. He's spent the last 
10 years (after being kicked out of 
'90s success the Pharcyde) . living in 
his mom's house with writer's block. 

So the guy's a wreck. But some-
how he's managed to put out his flfst 
solo album, and aside from a few 
boring interludes, it's surprisingly 
captivating. He drools , growls and 
spits in the throaty style of his East 
Coast heroes over distinctly West 
Coast production ("Beats that OD'd 
the Bastard.") about nothing other 
than his own pathetic life. 

Sometimes the shameless exhibi-
tion of self-doubt goes a little' over-
board, like on "What's Up Fatlip" 
(which was the album's first single, 

Though they may have recorded some 
of the best N ES themes on their 2004 
self-titled debut (from, say, "Zelda," 
"Blaster Master" and "Ninja Gaiden"), 
the band is even more accomplished 
on EIf-TItled, playing like machine 
men in true-to-speed renditions of 
classic themes from "Mega Man 2," 
· Castlevania 2: Simon's Quest" and 
"Metroid." Hearing the music from 
these titles played by real instruments 
is more than just a cheap thrill; the 
compositions themselves are, in 
hindsight, brilliant. Luckily, the hard 
work and genius of all those name-
less Japanese men that created such 
memorable music in the late '80s will 
not be forever lost in the bottom of 
the closets of ex-garners everywhere. 
Thank the. painstaking arrangements 
and instrumental dexterity of the 
Advantage. 

- Cody B. Nabours 
HtATUS EDITOR 

released - cringe - five years ago). 
"1 make myself sick, get on my own 
nerves/ Immature, insecure grown 
up nerd ." he laments over a tin-
kling carousel loop. But after an 
album's worth of cheesy hooks and 
comical pokes at himself, it becomes 
apparent that he's not taking the 
whole thing very seriously, and we 
shouldn't either. 

Squeak E. Clean and former 
Pharcyde partner J-Swift lend their 
talents to the catchy, bass-heavy beats, 
but much of Fatlip's album is admi-
rably self-produced. There's nothing 
very experimental or advanced about 
his delivery, yet therein lies most of 
its charm. He's just an old guy chok-
ing 011 his own spit and making our 
heads bob - the charismatic loser is 
irresistible. 

- Simone Wilson 
STAFF WRITER 

• Ocean and Bay View FOl'more information 
·2500 Sq. Ft. Dance Floor 858-273-9750 
• Free off- street parking www.so/tdadcluh.(om 
• Stage and Kitchen 

NAILS 2000+ 
and SPA 

7770 Relents Rd .• 113 
in the La .lola Colony Vons Center 

858·453·2020 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

• Play DUPLICATE BRIDGE • 
in the setting of the beautiful 

SOLEDAD CLUB 
Every THURSDAY at 7pm 

ACBL Duplkate Game -Director: Marttha Pott 
Our new 29ger game will begin FEB. Slit and will 

continu'! on the 1st Ind lnl SundaJs at 1p.m. 
~ . GRAN [) , ./ '">. ... I OPEN I NG 

. 5050 Soledad Road, SO 92109 • 858-273-9750 
Located in Pacific Beach, across the street from Kate Sessions Park 

_.soIedtldclub."" 

Thinking of Moving Off CGmpusl 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo for You! 
WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Ref)t the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Uu the rent money to pay for the mortgage .. _ 
- You live in the condo for FREE. and ... 
•. . . your parents can wrlte off the interest on the mortgage! 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858,.637-0609 
Flnimrtaltor.,hotmail.com • www.cbcalifornio.com/tobin 

HIATUS 9 

CrosswordSolutions 

Solution for TUES. JAN. 17 
NINO::> 1 11S3~ l N 31 
NVI:II 31010 SM 3N 

1V10l 3r:>LNv 1 0 Y I:! 
_N Oil 3 S 3 I )I ~ 
S 1 11 .... Hid S V S I:! 0 B Y 1 
A H M. d .... I:! ::> S v ~ ~ 0 ::> 
v 8 0 A I:! n ::> 3 I:! S n ~ 3 
1 I B 1:1 0 N V X 3 l_H Y I:! 
S 3 1:1 0 N S 0 3 ~13 3Ll S 3 
_3131:1 V S Vi3 1_ 
S30 .... I:I01S Hd1 AS 

3 ~ I 1 V I Ni v ~ 3 0 9 0 
1:1 .... =I V ~ 1:1 V 1M S 1 1 3 d 

Compliment your UCSD degree· with 
professional development courses 

UCSD Extension Courses: 

at UCSD Extension. From Business 
EssentiQls and Software Project 
Management to Marketing and Drug 
Development, UCSD Extension 
instructors bring real-world knowledge 
to the classroom givi~ you practical skills 
that will ease your transition from school 
to career. 

• Enhance your resume 
• Increase your interviewing confidence 
• Provide you with networking opportunities 
• Give you the edge in today's demanding 

job market 
Create the Career of Your Future - Todayl 
ext .... lon.ucH.edu 

extension.ucsd.edu 



10 CLASS1F1EDS 

THE ,GUARDIAN 
SPRING 
BREAK 
2006 

THIS 
MONDAY 
JAN. 23 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

The Guardian SPRING BREAK TRAVEL 
SECTION is coming! Monday, Jan. 23. 
(1/19) 

Worried about auto theft? Raveleo has 
sold over 3,500,000 units world wide, 
and we've never had a vehicle stolen. 
To learn more, go to www.NoHotWire. 
com. (1/30) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Marketing Rep -Part TIme. Place Movie 
Posters lri Stores. S lOhr+Gas+80nus. 
Need Car/Camera . . 800-852-6250. 
(1/19) 

Part time, set you r own hours, UTC 
area. Financial planner needs help 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 German sub 
6 Sa lt Lake state 
10 Wiry 
14 Fish dish 
15 Short letter 
16 Stanley Cardner 
17 EXcuse of the uncooperative 
20 Dixie grp. 
21 Half-goal man 
22 Fischer's forte 
23 Actor Rip 
24 Gillette shaver 
26 Excuse of the uncooperative 
33 Bay window 
34 Borders 

THE UCSD GUARDIA,,! 

THEi~GUARDIAN 
'" .. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reselVes the right to dassify, edi~ delete offensive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Guardian liable for any daims resulting from the publication of the advertisement 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any daim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. . 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for error.;. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deildline. Credit will only be 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement There are no refunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: SS ..... 10 -.Is 
Faculty & Staff: '7.SO per 20-.ls 

All others: .12 ..... 20 ..... 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
. AD Rates 
. $20.00 per column inch 

Oeildlines: 
I'Iuse ...J .. I cDrrnponcIeMe rea.,.. .. CIessIfIeds 10: Pub. Date DIsplay Ads Line Ads 
UCSD COlNlrdlan, Attn: c .. ~ 9500 COH_ DrIve 10]16, lAo JoIIII, CA 9109]. ~. 4 pili MON 1 wk 4 pm MOM 1 wk 
AdlYl loudon: studMt Center A. RooIII 117. ThulL 4 pIIIlH 1 wk 4 poll TH 1 wk 

CIasHIed U .. Adl .".., In both .... GtMrd"n PIINT .lId ONUNE ... 1tIans. 

with client services and relat!ons. $10/ 
hr. Call Michael 858-558-7000 x391 
(1 /26) 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$725.$1050 hourly 
Call Jacki 

(858)565-2144 
Attention Future Teachers: Teach fun 

. 

science classes for elementary. <lge 
students weekday afternoons. $20-
$30 per hour class. Apply online www. 
madsciencesd.org/sandiego. (1/19) 

Tutors needed for high school Algebra, 
Geometry, Calculus, Chemistry and 
Physics. Flexible evening hours.· 6-
9pm, S 1 O/hr. 858-635-8904. All majors 
welcome. (1/19) 

Swim Instructors $11 -17 per hour. San 
Diego 858-273-7946. North County 
760-744-7946. (3/ 16) 

Part Time Customer Service - Starting 
at $ 1 O/hr. 11 :30am-5pm Monday-

35 Pirate's drink 
36 Kiddy taboo 
37 Slur over 
39 Act dejected 
40 Bus. letter abbr. 
41 All is lostl 
42 Brad Pit! fi lm 
43 Excuse of the uncooperative 
47 Whoppers 
48 Extol 
49 Go fishing 
52 Waist looper 
53 leli'scanton 
56 [xcu of lhe uncooperative 
60 TV award 

Friday. Flexible on days. Inbound 
call center. No Cold Calling. Bilingual 
a plus. Contact Sabrina Marquez. 
Mission Imprintables, Inc. 858-790-
8300 x 236 or Sabrina@missionimprln 
tables.com (1/19) 

Taste Testers Wanted: Have you ever 
thought about getting paid to taste? 
A leading biotechnology' company 
located just minutes away from UCSD, 
is focusing on developing new flavors 
& flavor enhancers. We have numer-
ous openings for people Jike you to 

email, errands, etc. Dependable, hon-
est. Flexible hours. S 1 P/hour. Email 
resume: rdyansick@aol.com & call 
858-459-7795 (2/2) 

Two UCSD Profs looking for baby-
sitters to occasionally sit during the 
daytime for our kids (ages 1-4) when 
they are home sick from school. $10/ 
hour. Please call Karen at 619-846-
81.52. (1119) 

take part in basic taste t~sting . No Need a babysitter for 2 daughters 9 & 
experience is required,just an interest 
in the sense of taste. 

Requi~em~nts : -Non-smoker -Age 18 
yrs & older -Must be available Tues, 
Wed, & Thurs, 2 hrs per day -Year 
round/ long term cOl'(lmitment. 

If you have an Interest in food, enjoy 
working in a team environment & are 
looking for something extra to do 
in your free time, please apply. Taste 
panelists will be paid $25 per day. 
For more information, call: 858-646-
8223 or email: tastetests@senomyx. 
com (1/23) 

Personal Assistant: La Jolla, answer 

61 Tracy Marrow on Slage 
62 Point of conlention 
63 Fling 
64 Shoo! wide 
65 "Endymion" poet 

DOWN 
1 leathernecks' erg. 
2 Purchases 
3 Wor1<place watchdog erg. 
4 Eureka ! 
5 Aluminum wrapping 
6 Lacking recognition 
7 Hamlet 
8 Lunched 
9 One 01 those girls 
10 Fatal 
11 Buffalo's lake 
12 Pub pours 
13 Beatty and 8unlline 
18 DOf!I!OOI! ill 
19 Beige shades 
23 Van COWl's brother 
24 Corrosive sluff 
25 Heavy volume 
26 Song for nine voi ces 
27 University of Maine locale 
28 Color 
29 Lucky people? 
30 Herded 
31 Plays for a fool 
32 Foretokens 
37 Glamour competition 
38 Sets down • 
39 Pinochle declar.tion 
41 Sigourney Weaver film-
42 Russian headline maker of 1957 
44 Brass and pewter, e.g. 

~5 Puts into office 
46 "Le roi <fYs' cort1p05el' 
49 AId's par1ner 
50 Nautilus captain . 
51 Training rooms 
52 T oumament passes 
53 Bear in the sky 
54 Decisive defeat 
55 Seine sights 
57 Lacking brightness 
58 11 01 
59 Half a fly? 

See Sol utions on page 9 

7. Wed & Thurs pm, after school. Good 
driving record. Contact Meryl at 619-
540-6027. (1 /19) 

Mother's Helper - Part TIme. Looking 
for loving, fun individual with child-
care experience. Must have own trans-
portation, non smoker, CPR certified, 
references required. TuesIThurs/Fri 
afternoons. Please call 858-414-4301. 
(1 /26) 

Looking for experienced, responsible, 
caring individual to babysi~my 3 and 
1 year olds in my Carmel Valley home. 
Afternoons 2-5 pm (flexible days) plus 
every other weekend night. $ 1 2/hour. 
References needed. Call Erika at 858-
945-3044. (1/19) 

American Idol training! Voice/piano 
lessons. Theatre/audition/perfor-
mance preparation. Record your CD! 
Launc~ your career! $50/hr. Celeste, 
858-467-0776, www.celestecenter. 
com (1/19) . 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING 

STVDEN1' 
HOUSING 
LA JOLLA-
STARTING 

FROMTHELOW 
$o4OO,OOOs. 

]}jE~GuARwN CLASSIFIEDS 
FOR SALE 

Economics 2nd edition for all Econ 
1, 2, 3- $65-g00d condition. Email 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 2006 

klle@)ucsd.edu or call 619-793-6988 
(1/30) 

Town home near UCSD, 2 bed-
room, 2.5 bath w/ 2 car garage, 
approx. 978 sf, $449,900. Check out 
www.8262GilmanDrive.com; call Roy 
Warfield @619-523-1648. (1/19) 

WANTED 

voiunteers paid $30 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descen~, age 21 -26; call 
552-8585 x 5590 (3/16) 

SERVICES 

SERVICES WITH THE RIGHT AmTUDE. 

~GIlARDIAN ClASSIFIEDS 
Computer Csychiatrist: Is your 
home computer distracted, angry, 
depressed, sleeping more than 
it should? Would you like the rela- ' 
tionship you've always dreamed of? 
Contact the doctor by email or phone. 
Sliding scale fees. Free initial consulta-
tion at your home. 858-452-3777 or 
jledingh@san.rr.com. (2/9) 

ACADEMY OF INTERNATIONAL 
BARTENDING AND CASINO 
DEALING- Professional .Instruction/ 
Job Placement Assistance. Holiday 
Special- $175! Located in Kearny 
Mesa . 858-560-MIXX (6499) 
info@(ardsandcocktails.com (1/19) 

PERSONALS 

TEXTi~ : : crrY 
~ ,~ ~T r.:fSS,\(i£ 1" 

L/ VESINGLES I -~ 
YOUR CELL PHOr-.E ; 

Text: RAVE 
Send To: 36999 

Anyone who finds copies of "The 
Barton" in one of the Guardian's news-
paper racks is welcome to deposit 
them in 'The Trash." Sorry, Bryan. 
(1119) 

Did I see Arnold the Governor cut-
ting out, a Papa John's coupon from 
Tuesday's Guardian? (1 /19) 

Look for the Guardian~ Spring 'Break 
Travel issue, this Monday, Jan. 23rd! 
(1119) 

THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 2006 

. Pitt, Seattle 
Have Date in 
Motor City 

• PlAYOFFS, from page 1 2 
some myths of their own, proving 
that the Chicago Bears' defense was 
not the best thing since sliced bread 
and that their offense wasn't the worst 
thing since Jolt! Cola. In the process, 
Steve Smith emerged as the best play-
er left in the playoffs. On the other 
hand, the Carolina defense showed 
that the numbers making them the 
third-best defense in the league lied. 
as Bears quarterback Rex Grossman 
looked like former Bears quarterback 
Jim McMahon without the headband. 
Of course. while Grossman was doing 
his best McMahon impersonation, 
Carolina quarterback Jake Delhomme 
was passing by more esteemed quarter-
backs like Tom Brady, John Elway and 
Joe Montana to become the highest-
rated passer in NFL playoff history. 

The NFC title matchup features 
thl MVP, the best player left and the 
highest -rated postseason quarterback. 
Alexander suffered a concussion, and 
Carolina is down to its third, although 
still strong. running back, so the first 
team to give up a score will play catch-
up the rest of the game. Neither defense 
is as well-rounded as either offense, 
meaning both should be able to move 
the ball, although I expect Seattle to 
play Smith better than Chicago did. 
Carolina could playa game like they did 
two years ago. upsetting the Eagles, but 
that Panthers team was underappreci-
ated and overlooked and Seattle won't 
commit the same mistake Philadelphia 
did. Carolina, as they did four times 
during the season, will disappoint one 
week after playing impressively. 

foe's Pick: Seattle Se4hawlcs 
Steelen at Broncos 

Despite Pittsburgh's 2005 champi-
onship experience and the addition 
of pace-changing running back Willie 
Parker, Pittsburgh wasn't seen as a 
major threat ~o what many thought 
would be Colts quarterback Peyton 
Manning's coronation in the Super 
Bowl. Unfortunately for Manning and 
the Colts, Pittsburgh had a script of its 
own, using the same masked blitzes 
that the Chargers and Patriots have 
employed to frustrate Manning. An 
uncharacteristic Jerome Bettis fumble 
and a late replay call, the single worst 
decision any person has ever made 
with the benefit of video evidence, 
near1y gave the Cohs the win. However, 
Mike Vanderjagt embraced his posi-
tion as the «idiot kicker" by shank-
ing a 46-yard game-tying field goal as 
the football gods righted the referee's 
wrongs and the Steelers roUed on. 

The Denver Broncos did something 
no other team could do in the last 
two years, ending the New EnsJand 
Patriots' chance for a three-peat. In 
the process, Denver spared us from 
having to hear annoying Bostonians 
say the Patriots are better than the 
'70s Steelers and Montana's 4gers. The 
Broncos have two great backs, a Pro-
Bowl quarterback and a home-field 
advantage second to none. They used 
this and a defense full of early-round 
picks with something 10 prove to beat 
the champs. A wise man once said, 
"To be the man, you've got to beat the 

man~ and the Broncos did just that. 
The Steelers have a legacy chock 

full of manliness with men's men like 
Franco Harris, "Mean" Joe Greene 
and the deceptively tough but graceful 
Lynne Swann. While the Broncos have 
two toogh tailbacks thai compliment 
one another, so do the Steeiers, and one 
of them is Jerome "The Bus' Bettis, 
a surefire hall-of-famer whose name 
lets you know somebody's getting run 
over. The deciding factor should be 
the mile-high altitude in Denver that 
seems to take opponents' breath away. 
However, I'm making the deciding fac-
tor in this game my political science 
professor, Keith Poole. It's his grizzled 
appearance, hilarious critiques of early 
American presidents and declaration 
of Pittsburgh as the ONLY football 
team in America that have ultimately 
convinced me that the Steelers are 
headetl for Super 80wI XL 

Joe's Pick: Pittrburp StetIm 

Run to Enjoy 
Better Health, 
Confidence 

• MARATHON, from page 12 
biggest roads in San Diego blocked 
off for your own personal foot-tour? 
With past postrace concert headlin-
ers such as Hootie and the BlowfISh, 
and live reggae, rock and jazz bands 
lining the way to the fmish line, you'U 
feel like you've brought your entire 
high school graduation cheering sec-
tion, multiplied it by a thousand and 
had them chant your name. 

If after reading about all this hype, 
you don't want to rush out and go 
for the gold medal just yet, consider 
the La JoUa Half Marathon on April 
23. This shorter distance could be up 
your alley, or if you're in it "just-for-
kicks; try lhe world famous Camp 
Pendleton Mud Run on June 10 fur-
ther north. 

I can only provide the informa-
tion, but it's up to you to do the 
rest of the work. If you've made it 
through to the end of this article, 
you've already taken the first step. 
If this isn't sufficiently motivational, 
grab a partner or two and do some 
"Go team~ ass-slappin' and hit the 
road. Go get 'em, tiger - I'll see you 
at the finish line. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 11 

Be on the other side. 
Be on our side. 

Join the award-winning UCSD Guardian as a sports photographer. 

E-mail editor@ucsdguardian.org. 

Students. 
Fly Cheaper BelBou.com 

spring break, study abroad & more 
Sample roundtrip SbJdent Airfare; from S.n Diego tIl: 

San Francisco $124 
San Jose $124 

Denver $169 

Amsterdam $432 
London $452 

Paris ,510 

Visit StudentUnlv_,com for cheap student airfares 
on major airtlnes to 1,000 destinations across the US 

and around the world , 

THE SAFEST WAY TO BET ONLINE. 

BerttI3u g · 
1-888-115-1191 

Em.1I PrDmoOBeIBug.com for del.1I1 on our 25% depoIl1 bonul 

The Princeton Review can tell you all about it on 
January 31 st at 6:00pm at UCSD! 

·Students planning to take the exam 
BEFORE OCTOBER 2006 shouldn't worry about the changes, 
though they will probably see some of the new item types in unscored research sections. 

*The new test will be a computer-based, linear exam with new item types and 
a new scoring scale. ETS will offer t ile GRE on fixed testing dates. 

Call to sign up today! ! ! 
There's so much more you need to knowll 

www.Princeton Review.co 
800-2Review 


