
VOTING BLIND THIS NOVEMBER? ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Nurses, UC Settle Contract Battle 
Un.iversity and n.urses 
unIon compromIse on 
issues of wages, health 
benefits and breaks, ending 
(reopener' negotiations. 

By Dennis Tran 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

After four years of often bitter disagreement 
regarding labor practices, the University of 
California and the California Nurses Association 
reached a tentative agreement last week on the 
three remaining issues on the bargaining table. 

Although an independent mediator con-
ducted three fact-finding sessions over the 
summer in an attempt to restart stalled talks, 
only one major issue - retirement benefits 
- had been resolved. 

Tension between both parties continued 
through September, prompting CNA's univer-
sitywide protest against the impasse on Sept. 28 
due to discontent with the university's position 
during negotiations and grievances within UC 
medical facilities. The protests were staged at 
four UC campuses, including UCSD's Hillcrest 
Medical Center. 

Shortly afterward, the university outlined a 
new settlement, which will finalize packages for 
nurse wages, health benefits and rest periods. 

CNA partially attributes the settlement to 
the recent protest and is content with the terms 
of the resolution, according to CNA's director 

[ NURSES, page 2) 

AR"SH KESHMIRIANICu-.JtDIAN 
Beginning in 200'/, UC nurses such as Thornton Hospital RNs Jennifer Alisangco, left, 
and Martha Esser will receive wage increases and compensation for missed breaks. 

Post-Audit, Police Excuse 
CSO Head of Misconduct 

By Matt L'Heureux 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

FoUowing the release of an audit 
report that found Community Service 
Officer Program Coordinator Peter 
Kim accountable for misuse of uni-
versity property and having employees 
work without meal breaks, the UCSD 
Police Department says it wiU keep 
him in charge of the program and no 
diSCiplinary action will be taken. 

AUegations against Kim surfaced 
in February 2006, when the UCSD 
Human Resources Office received an 
e-mail stating that Kim chartered rides 
in a UCSD vehicle, often requesting 
transportation to off-campus loca-
tions. The e-mail also claimed that 
Kim did not allow his officers to 
take meal breaks during their shifts, 
although campus policy and California 
law require at least one half-hour meal 
break for any shift six hours or longer. 

UCSD Audit and Management 
Advisory Services reviewed the CSO 
program's records from the period 
between Sept. 1, 2005, and Feb. 28, 
2006. Upon reviewing the records, 
interviewing members of the staff and 
analyzing the standing department 
policies, the ~ board came to 
the conclusion that Kim was respon-
sible for all charges. 

CSO AUDIT FINDINGS 

• Kim requested 16 rides to 
'off-campus train stations by 
CSOs currently on duty. 

• Some CSOs were not 
given state- and university-
mandated meal breaks. 

• Audit board advised 
department to discuss 
miSuse with Kim. 

SOURCE: UCSD AMAS 

Kim, who told the Guardian on 
Sept. 27 that he had been cleared of 
all charges, was found responsible for 
both of the allegations made against 
him by former officers who claimed 
that, among other things, Kim often 
violated CSO policy in his own inter-
est. 

The audit report, submitted to 
UCSD Police Lt. David Rose, who is 
Kim's supervisor, confirmed that Kim 
did request a total of 16 rides to both 
the Solana Beach and Sorrento Valley 
train stations during fall quarter of last 
year, and that none of these instances 
constituted a "work assignment" - the 

[ AUDIT, page 7 ] 

Funding Last Hurdle for Pioneering Music Hall DEADLINE 
PROMPTS 

HIGHER ED 
RENEWAL 

By Kristyn Kennedy 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Since 1989, the UCSD music 
department's classes have been strewn 
across campus, crammed into acous-
tically disastrous spaces like the 
Mandeville Center. For years, the cam-
pus has been plartning to build a new, 
state-of-the-art music hall, where the 
music department can unify and per-
form. Now, just as that dream is about 
to become a reality, UCSD has found 
itself face-to-face with an old demon: 
fundraising. 

A few years ago, the UC Office 
of the President allocated $42 mil-
lion for the building of the new hall. 
Since then, however, the cost has risen 
to $55 lniIlion due to inflation. The 

camp~ has committed another $6.5 
million of reserve money to the proj-
ect, and individual donors have col-
lectively donated $1.35 million more, 
which leaves approximately $5 million 
to be raised. 

Typically, according to Arts and 
Humanities Dean Michael Bernstein, 
raising $5 million for a project would 
not be any trouble. However, the 
construction company's S55-million 
bid will expire on Oct. 23, giving 
the university two weeks to find the 
funds. 

"This is a big hill we have to 
climb in just a short couple of weeks," 
Bernstein said "You just don't bump 
into someone in the locker room and 

FOCUS 

say, 'Hey. you want to give me 5 mil-
lion bucks?' We don't have time to lose 
on this:' 

Bernstein, however, is optimistic 
about the ability to raise the necessary 
funds. 

"I think we have a real shot at this," 
he said. "The stakes are very high and 
it will be a tremendous disappoint-
ment to lose [the building) at this 
point:' 

Music department Chair Rand 
Steiger agreed, stressing the irnpor-
tance of the new building over the 
currently used Mandeville Center. 

"Mandeville has no acoustic 
design; it is a plain concrete bunker 
with no acoustical treatment, noisy 
[heating and cooling) systems and no 
soundproofing." Steiger said 

Assuming the money will be 
raised, the new building will be "one 
of the most sophisticatedly designed 
music buildings in California, espe-
cially south of L.A.," Bernstein said. 

The building's main recital hall was 
designed byarchitect Mark Reddington 
of Seattle-based LMN Architects, and 
world-renowned acoustician Cyril 
Harris, who designed halls for the New 
York Opera House and the Kennedy 
Center. It follows mainstream, modem 
lines, while maintaining the decora-
tive irregularities necessary for proper 
sound quality, Harris said. 

"This is the only hall that I know 
of that has a geometrically nonsym-
metrical shape," he said. "It's like a 

COURTESY Of UCSD UNIVERSITY COMMUNICATIONS 
An artist's rendering depicts UCSD's proposed new music hall. If adequate funding is 
secured, the new hall will replace Mandeville Center and open its doors in 2008. 

large auditorium with lots of irregular 
surfaces, which helps to scatter the 
sound and makes the concert experi-
ence the same for everyone, whether 
he is sitting in the front row, or on the 
side, or in the back." 

The venue will be controlled by 
the music department, and will be 
open to performances by quartets and 
orchestras. 

"It's going to be high-brow, sophis-
ticated music produced by state-of-
the-art musicians," Bernstein said. "At 
the same time, though, it's not all 
going to be suit-and-tie type shows 
either, because that's just not what our 

department is about:' 
In addition to the shows, Steiger 

and Bernstein both stressed that the 
new building will unify the music 
department in a single on-campus 
location, leaving Mandeville open for 
other departments. 

The new building will be built 
on the comer of Rupertus Drive and 
Russel Lane. if the funding comes 
through, construction will begin in 
late fall, and occupancy should occur 
in 2008, according to Bernstein. 

Readers can contact Kristyn Kennedy at 
kikikennedy@mac.com. 

By Cynthia Law 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

President George W Bush signed 
the third Higher Education Extension 
Act into law on Oct. 2, allowing the act 
to continue with its current conditions 
and provisions until it expires next 
summer. 

The previous extension would have 
expired on Sept. 30, causing all the 
important programs sponsored by the 
HEA to terminate as well 

However, this new law allows the 
current curricula to continue and 
"relieves Congress of the pressure to 
complete the larger reauthorization bill 
until June 2007," said Della Cronin, 
vice president for legislative and public 
affairs for Washington Partners LLC, 
a government affairs public relations 
firm . 

Upon completion, the HEA reau-
thorization bill wiU update the current 
HEA's policies. Although the House 
has completed a reauthorization bill, 
the Senate is still working on its ver-

[ BILL, page 3 1 

SPORTS INSIDE WEATHER 

Profs and the Pulpit Leapfroggers lights and Sirens ................... 3 letters to the Editor .............. 5 Oct. 9 Oct. 10 
Religious professors try to find a balance 
between education and faith in their teachings. 
pa.ge 8 

Men's water polo upsets UCLA in a las/:-mlnUll 
likely stealing the Bruins' NO.3 national seed. 
page 16 

Campus Calendar ............. ..... 9 
Eye on UCSD ........................ 10 

H71 LS4 H70I.56 
..... 

Classifieds ............ ................. 12 Oct. I) Oct. 12 
Crossword ........... .................. 12 H73 L57 H76L57 



2 NEWS 

SHORTY 
HE)' BAe,E. .. ([) 

\ "t\\'N~ 'Ht:(:,t)'{" 
Cl'SJ. ~\Q.'I ••. 

Settlement to Retract CNA's 
'Bad-Faith' Negotiation Charge 
• NURSES, from page 1 
for the UC division. Beth Kean. 

"We feel that the successful rally 
had a positive impact on our bargain· 
ing. resulting in an improved contract 
with [the university] ;' Kean said. "We 
are satisfied with the current offer:' 

The university al 0 expressed sat-
isfaction with the agreement. which 
better recognizes the role of the more 
than 8.500 UC-registered nurses. 

"Our nurses play a vital role in 
the delivery of excellent health care ... 
and they deserve a good contract that 
both reflects and rewards the quality of 
their work; UC Executive Director for 
Labor Relations Howard Pripas stated 
in a university press release. 

Accord ing to the new agreement. 
UC nurse salaries will increase 5 to 
9 percent in response to CNAS argu-
ment that wages are not competitive 
compared to neighboring hospitals. 
In 2005, UC nur es received a 13.5-
percent wage increase; however. UC 
nurses till lagged significantly behind 
the local market. according to Kean. 
The university statistics were biased. 
including the lowest-paid areas to 
increase competitiveness. Kean said. 

The contract aI 0 tates that nurses 
will continue to be part of the UC 
health care program, receiving the same 
benefits offered to all other UC employ-
ees. [n addition, compen ation will be 
given to UC nurses for missed breaks. 

a provision that nurses are especially 
enthusiastic about. 

"INurses) work 12-hour shifts. and 
patients are very ill and require a lot of 
attention;' Kean said. "Patients deserve 
a well-rested, alert nurse to provide 
them with the care they deserve:' 

Clashes between the university and 
CNA began in 2002, when CNA dis-
puted university labor practices. This 
year's "reopener" negotiations began in 
April, but stalled on four major issues. 
Unable to negotiate a conclusion. both 
sides agreed to declare an impasse 
in which the Public Employment 
Relations Board appointed an inde-
pendent mediator to intervene. 

In June. the university accused 
CNA of "unfair labor practices:' 
claiming that CNA was uncompro-
mising and used "bad-faith negoti -
ating tactics:' This charge will also 
be dropped as a result of the new 
agreement. 

The settlement is still subject to rat-
ification by CNA. If ratified. the terms 
of the agreement will be in effect start-
ing Jan. 1, 2007, continuing through 
the remainder of the contract period, 
which expi res June 30. 2007. Furti:Jer 
negotiations to formulate a new com-
prehensive contract between the two 
parties are slated for April 2007. 

Readers can contact Dennis Tran at 
detran@ucsd.edu. 

Since 1962 

7442 Girard Avenue, La Joll., California 
www.lllolllmu.ic.CQm 858-459-3375 

Private Lessons in Our Stlulios 
Guitars by Taylor, Washburn, SalRick - Harps by Lyon & Healy 

Band & Orchestra Instruments by Glaesel, Selmer, Yamtlha 
Sheet Music - Classical, Jazz, Popu/or, & Methods 

InstrumenlS /rom Around The Wnrld 

Leprn about a new way 

PA 
fore 0 I lege 

Student Securities 
Securing ,our futur • . 

www.studentsecurities.com 

THE UCSD GU .... RDIAN 

By NANDlNl DATTA 

FDA"..... ,WI ... 
n, FDA"""''''''' ,.,."",.,.,. ,.,-_..-
irtAI8JIIl riIt ofblOotl dcMs. 

NS 
A .... 1I1ide p ....... ~ GIl Oct. 2 tIIW "Cowd Seeb A'LC ......... 
GnduiM.luofIiDaJmlaly ...... thIt .. ~ ... ID ........ -.. 
eel. • ... the ... ·199Oe.lD • .,....,...,. It UCSD. AtWWl 
ar1ic:Itpublluhed_ Oct. 5 ttIW ":A.S. ...... "ISO RIpact" ia.oIi.IN.1ty 
...thlttbe2005 RSOworl ................. Cci&te ..... 
DuW WUIwrt..... hid 
five seudent repaesenbItMI. did rMJe a nport. 

The Guardian awtrtfJ all errors """"'" to file .".",.. "file Mlton. 
Cm'1tCtions "'" be setft to edl~utrdillLOrJ. 

MOND .... y, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

..... drewNguyen -...-. 
Chirtes Nsuyen 

Hodl.,., Menw" c.".-
Ned, Oretzy 

Mlnhew Mr;A,dIt _1iIIur 
Manhew l 'Heureu. AliOd* NeWI EADn 

Serena Renner 
Nathan Miklos op.;oo-

...... hoNoroghI "-'* Opioioo-
Donoi loIniop! 

.... -
NiCky lluch"nan 

_ ...... 1iIIur 

H ..... c.r.p 
--M"theorleovl!t ~--

Simone Wilson .... EIIIIr 
Ji.Cu __ .... 

Artih Keshmlrian Phoe.EcIa 

Rk:hard ChaO DooIp .... 

lennifer Hsu All'" 
--

.... ft!yI ... 

Mkholle lee. ~~ w..dy5hleu, 
Slmone WI'~ MkNeI ~ katHeen Yip 

Nini Sui, Tl\aJi~ ~~~~s: Iifn, Will Linton. ~n 
An".c..- _-.... 

Mic:hMI_ -....-.... 
Mlk .... nl"" -""ArI_ 

)OI"'ttriI: ~ 

--
()jnIeIIOI.lesy IlKNn 

--c:.. o.:t" .... '"'"'" 
-
Teu'-hin 

The UCSD QJ.rdi", Ii pUbliJtled Mondlys and 
!~~~h~u~~='~P~~~~I~h:: 
nev."spaper In 'fIY forml WMtti in whole or In ~'\ 
without ~mHuron is stri<!tY prohibited. " 2Q06, illi 
rightS I'rserved. The UCSD Cuii'd/In it ... responsible for the retu rn of unsolicited manlllcripu: or art.. The 
~~ ~::S:th~'~go c:'"l:=~Jni~~~e~} 
Cllifornll or Auociiltl!d tlKientJ, The UCSO Gu,roi.n 
is funded ""'y by .d,.,,;';ng. -. AsiIol. 

eener .. Edil""'I:~ 
~,,,,dUn.0<8 

/;=/r:;:ss::===:~~ 
Hiilus: R5l+6S83, fhltusfluadSUIrdim,ors 

0e'nion: 8S8-5)4.658l. opinion@ucSdStutdi,n·ors 
. 458-S3«5al. ipOlUfIuad,UortNnOll 

0: fS&.~ pho<~IUMd .. n."'I1 
Advertising: 858-534-3466 

ads@ucsiJguwlan.0f8 
Fax: 858-534-7691 

. .. 

Present your UCSO 10 card with the trftonpluii logo on 
Wednesday, October 11th 

from II AM to 10 PM 
and we'll set you up with a 

FREE BURRITO OR BOL. 

OCkipotle 

MOND .... y, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

LIGHTS & SiRENS 
Saturday, Sept. 30 
2:25 p.m.: Animal call 
• Police were called to rescue a rac-
coon stuck inside a grate on the side 
of the Pangea Parking Structure. 

Sunday, Oct. 1 
1:03 a.m.: Posession of marijua-
na 

• In the South Mesa Apartments 
on Regents Road, police smelled 
a strong odor that was later con-
firmed to be marijuana. 
2:29 a.m.: Suspicious person 
• Three 30-something white males 
with a black, medium-sized dog 
reportedly chased a car at Hubbs 
Hall and harassed the driver. One 
was heard ye lling. "I'm checking 
you out. like you were checking me 
out!" Unable to locate the suspects. 
3:20 p.m.: Suspicious person 
• A heavyset black male in a black 
jacket was seen on the fifth floor of 
Geisel Library. Suspect was cited. 

Monday, Oct. 2 
7:27 a.m.: Report of burglary 
• On Miramar Street, a suspect 
cut a building's locks and left the 
doors wide open. Tools and copper 
were believed to be stolen. Report 
taken. 
3:08 p.m.: Traffic hazard 
• A male in an electric wheelchair 
blocked traffic on Gilman Drive as 
he rode in the bike lane. 
6:04 p.m.: Welfare check 
• Pol ice were called to check on a 
white male who fell off his bicycle 
in Lot 510. 
7:15 p.m.: Serious injury accident 
• Two people were seriously injured 
at Torrey Pines Scenic Gliderport. 
The SDPD and fire departmel1ts 
had already arrived on the scene. 
10:08 p.m.: Welfare check 
• Police responded to a report of 
two people standing in the middle 
of North Torrey Pines Road who 
refused to move out of traffic. Field 
interview administered. 

'Ilaunday, Oct. 3 
12:10 a.m.: Suspicious penon 
• Three white rnales with long hair 
and dark flannel shirts were seen car-
rying guitars and alcohol into Tioga 
Hall. Police believed Ill/ three had been 
drinking. 
11 :42 a.m.: Cidun contact 
• A patient at Thornton Hospital on 
Campus Point Drive left the hospital 
and drove a car after he had been 
informed not to do so. 
1:30 p.ol.: Report of grand theft 
• A laptop computer was taken from 
Unex C on Thursday night. No sus-
pect info was provided. Report taken. 
3:05 p.m.: Report of vandalism 
• Vehicle's mirror was kicked in and 
the lock was keyed two weeks ago in 
Lot 406. Report taken. 
6:50 p.m.: Fire 
• A vehicle was spotted on fLTe along 
the Nobel Drive off-ramp on 1-5. The 
fire department had already arrived. 
Wednesday, Oct. 4 
1 :23 a.m.: Noise disturbance 
• A group outside Europe Hall in 
Eleanor Roosevelt College refused to 
quiet down until police were called. 
Suspects cooperated. 
3:47 a.m.: Suspicious person 

~ A suspicious truck was seen 
pulling into the construction 
site next to the Supercomputer 
Center. 
11:46 a.m.: Traffic hazard 
• Traffic in Gilman Parking Structure 
was temporarily obstructed by a blue-
gray luggage dolly along the guard-
rail 
8:44 p.m.: Medical aid 
• Police were called to Mandell Weiss 
Theatre to aid a 40-year-old rnale 
with an upset stomach. 
9:44 p.m.: Report of stolen vehicle 
• A black four-door Volvo was sto-
len from Lot 751 . Suspects were gone 
upon police arrival 

- Compil~d by Mall L'Hnrcwc 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

THE UCSD GU .... RDI .... N 

Extension 
Preserves 

Pell Grants 
• BILL, from page 1 
sion. As such, Congress was forced to 
pass an extension in order to prevent 
programs under the control of the 
HEA - such as the Pell Grant pro-
gram, federal work-study. the Perkins 
Loan program and the recently added 
Academic Competitiveness Grant -
from expiring. 

The HEA is the "biggest and largest 
piece of legislation that directly affects 
higher education in the United States." 
UC Student Association President Bill 
Shiebler said. 

Although Rep. Ric Keller (R-Fla.). 
. who proposed the Higher Education 
Extension Act, did not respond to 
reque ts for comment, Cronin said 
that "since the Ireauthorization] bill 
has not been approved by both cham-
bers of Congress and the president. the 
IHEA) would have expired on Sept. 30 
and nobody [wanted) that." 

Both Cronin and Shiebler agreed 
that the new extension will not signifi-
cantly impact students' lives because 
current policies were extended rather 
than amended. 

However, Shiebler said that 
Congress, by extending the HEA rath-
er than amending it through reauthori-
zation, is "prolonging an environment 
that is not meeting the needs of the 
college students [because affordability 
for college has not been redef~d]. For 
example. the Pell Grant has not been 
increased in the last six years. 

·Congress lis] not willing to priori-
tize higher education;' Shiebler said. 

Partisanship in the House adapta-
tion of the reauthorization bill has held 
up the Senate's ve!sion, according to 
Cronin. 

Readers can contact CYl1thia Law at 
claw@ucsd.edu. 

NEWS 3 

ANNOUNCING: 
Now Accepting Applications 

2007-2008 Biodesign Innovation Fellowships 
Learn the process of biomedical technology innovation through an 
intensive fellowship at Stanford University. 

Fellows learn-by dOing- the key stages of the biodesign process: 
identification and verification of clinical needs, 
invention, prototyping, parenting, early-stage testing, regulatory 
and reimbursement, planning and financing. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: 
Clnlnclans: September 30, 2006 
All others: November 30, 2006 

APPLY ONLINE: http://innovation.stanford.edu/ 

For further information contact: 
biodesign@stanford.edu 
Tel:650736116O 
Fax: 650 7248696 

Stanford university BIOdesign Program . James H. Clark Center. 318 Campus Drive, Rm. El00. 
Stanford. CA 94305-5428 



4 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Nathan Mildo 
opinion@ucsdgllardian.org 

PRE-ELECTION 
CAMPAIGNS 
FEED VOTER 
IGNORANCE 

For the last month or so, the blogosphere rumor mill has been awash with predi c-
tions of an "October surprise." For 
those not familiar wi th the term, an 
"October surprise" is a large-scale 
news event occurring directly before 
an election and usually believed to 
be orchestrated by a political party 
in order ~o swing voters to its side. 

medurham@lucsd.edu 

Everything from a fall in gas prices 
to the removal of troops from Iraq 
has been suggested as a potential 
Republican ploy to recover from 
falli ng approval ratings this year, 
with the most frightening predic -
tion , put fo rth by former Sen. Gary 
Hart: a pre-emptive attack on Iran. 

Recently, though, it's been the 
Democrats who have been charged 
wi th playing politics; accusations 
are flying that they sat on the infor-
mation about Florida's recently 
resigned Rep. Mark Foley until they 
thought it would do the most good 
fo r the midterm elections. 

As worrisome as some of these 
predict ions are, it's the very idea of 
an "October surpri en that frightens 
me the most . It impli es that, like 
an uninformed mob, the American 
public only remembers the last thing 
it hears. If these political ploys work, 
then nothing that happened since 
the last election actually matters. 
The only thing that makes a differ-
ence is what was on the television 
and in the headlines for the past 
couple weeks. But surely this isn't 
true - politicians are accountable 
for their actions for their entire time 
in office, not just what happens in 
the home stretch, right? We can't be 
that gullible, can we? 

Unfor tunately, the answer is yes, 
we are. In a world where 70 per-
cent of Americans have no idea that 
Congress passed a prescription drug 
benefit for the elderly (according 
to a study by lIya Somin of George 
Mason Un iversity), and where fewer 
than 50 percent of Americans can 
name one thing Congress has done 
in the past year (according to a 2005 
CBS News survey), we can hardly 
expect that the public is keeping 
tabs on their representatives' vot-
ing records. [n fact , fewer than half 
of adults can even name their own 
representative in Congress, let alone 
hold their congressman accountable 
for h is actions. And if so few know 
who repre ents them, how many 
bother to look up the multitude of 
different ballot initiatives? 

And it only gets worse. Currently, 
17 states allow straight-ticket voting, 
a process where a voter only has to 
make one mark to vote fo r all candi -
dates of a particular political party. 
While some argue that polit ical par-
ties can act as a guide to help voters 
ded uce cand id ates' stances based on 
affi liation, proces es like these only 
act as a (futch. Just because some-
one belongs to the same party as 
you doesn't mean that you will agree 
with them on all topics - or even 

[ VOTING, page 5 1 

'4 
.,:; 

THEh rCUARDIAN . Web poU I Would You Like to Have An All-Campus Graduation? 

OPINION 
• YM, but In lieu of Indlvldu»1 college ceremonle,-

ONO 
Dyes 

Volt on lbe new que lion at lIIWW.uc$l/,u,rti;,n.org. 
MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

Building a Working System 
Spellings commission a grab bag of ideas for improving higher 

education accessibility, affordability and accountability. 

JENNIFER H SU/CUARDIAN 

By Melody Gaal 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

After a year of study and debate, the 
Commission on the Future of Higher 
Education, led by U.S. Secretary of Education 
Margaret Spellings, described tho:: American 
higher education system as slipping into 
"unwarranted complacency." Spellings 
expressed her concerns in a speech to the 
National Press Club in Washington, D.C. on 
Sept. 26, arguing that when only half of the 
nation's college students graduate on time, 
then stay buried in so much debt that they 
cannot buy a home or start a family, reform is 
long overdue. 

"In our changing and ever-flattening 
world, has higher education kept pace?" 
Spellings asked her audience, and posed 
more questions the commission sought to 
answer. "Is it accessible to students of all 
backgrounds, including minorities, low-
income tudents and adults? Is it affordable? 
And accountable to the students, parents and 
taxpayers who foot the bim" 

The commission's recommendations 
would greatly benent a rugber education sys-
tem in dire need of reform. Spellings outlined 
nve actions that would bring about immediate 
changes, or help pinpoint shortcomings that 
need Congressional attention. 

The first suggestion is a streamlined nnan-
cial aid application process, which would 
cut application time in half and notify stu-

dents of their eligibility much sooner 
than the current system. The plan 
would alleviate much of the anxi-

ety that comes with apply-
ing to college, and would 

offer students and their 
families informative 
and realistic finan-
aid information 
in a timely matter, 

\\ improving their abil-
ity to plan financially. 

Spellings also called for an increase in 
need-based aid by increasing Pell Grant 
amounts over five years to cover 26 percent 
more of the average in-state tuition at public 
four-year colleges. For the fifth straight year, 
the maximum Pell Grant award has been only 
$4,050 - and though President George W. 
Bush pledged in his 2000 canlpaign to raise 
the maximum to $5,100, no change has been 
made. Increasing this maximum -- while 
maintaining or increasing the number of 
grants given - would help cover needy stu-
dents for a longer time, reducing the amount 
of debt with which students would graduate. 

The commission also outlined pLans for a 
national database that would gauge how much 
students are learning and how successful they 
are after college, two crucial questions that 
currently remain unanswered. The database 
would collect information about e,!ch stu-
dent, such as name, race, gender, high school 
and college GPA, graduation date, job offers 
and wages after graduation. Such a database 
would give potential students a solid rubric 
with which to measure schools, far better than 
today's somewhat arbitrary measures, like the 
rankings published annually in U.S. News and 
World Report. 

A comprehensive database measuring 
student performance over time would also 
greatly aid legislators in gauging the effective-
ness of various higher education programs, 
such as fmancial aid projects and field-specific 
subsidies. By keeping tabs on student perfor-
mance, federal lawmakers can identify areas 
of concern - and tactics that work. 

Unfortunately, Spellings faces an uphill 
battle with Congress. Critics of the database 
plan argue that the data could be misleading 
to potential students and lawmakers - for 
instance, some have criticized the federal data 
on graduation rates for its failure to account 
for transfer students and adult learners. 
There are also concerns about student pri-

[ SPELLINGS, page 6 I 

Standard Tests Would Stifle Spread of HIV 
By Natasha Naraghi 

ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR 

I t's about time. After spending billions on research and treatment since 
the HIV I AIDS epidemic explod-
ed in the 1980s, the government 
rece ntly drew attention to the age-
old problem by proposing to make 
HIV tests a medical standard. The 
Center for Disease Control and 
Prevention issued new recom-
mendations for the routine H IV 
testing of all patients at hospitals, 
clinics and physicians' offices. For 
patients between the ages of 13 
and 64, the testing would become 
part of the regular battery of health 
tests - as common as blood pres-
sure checks. 

Compared to the current volun-
tary system, the policy would make 
the detection and prevention of the 
disease much easier. But, despite the 
great promise of the new policy, the 
Americ.'ll.n Civil Liberties Union has 
argued against the opt-out testing 
because it might infringe on patient 
privacy and cause discrimination 
issues for HIV-positive patients. 

In the organization's September 
press release, the ACLU portrayed 
the government as a suspicious and 
immoral big brother, collecting 
information on a pat ient's HIV sta-
tus for dubious reasons. The state-
ment also argued that patients have 
a right to know how patient data 
will be used, citing concerns that 

the information could be used to 
discriminate against HIV-positive 
patients seeking housing or work. 

"HIV discrimination is still 
rampant in this country; stated 
Rose Saxe, the staff attorney for the 
ACLU AIDS Project, in the press 
release. "People continue to lose 
their jobs and hou~ing because they 
have HIV." 

But the disclosure of medical 
records would be required for HIV 
or AIDS treat-
ment through 

testing policy is much stricter than 
in other states - fear that the CDC 
has eliminated some elements key 
to properly testing patients. The 
abolishment of the once-required 
written consent form and pretest 
counseling, they fear, will cause 
many patients to receive less-than-
adequate care or information about 
treatment options. 

Julie Davids, executive director 
of Community HIV/AIDS, told the 

New York Times, 
"The CDC rec-

Medicare and 
Medi-Cal - or 
even fo r work-
ers' compensa-
tion payments. 
And more 
importantly, the 
nation's u nder-
standing - or 
misunderstand -
ing - of the 
disease isn't an 
excuse to allow 

Ai.t earlier detection 
means less serious 
symptoms, allow-
ing doctors to treat 

patients in a much less 
costly ~anner ... " 

ommendations 
might lead to 
more people 
being tested, 
but is that going 
to get them 
connected with 
a system of 
care?" 

Similarly, 
New York 

patients to unknowingly 
HIV. 

spread 

Furthermore, standardizing 
HIV tests would destigmatize the 
epidemic, allowing the nation to 
recognize HIV simply as a disease 
like any other, giving strength to 
the fight against it rather than con-
tinuing to brand it with a scarlet 
letter. 

Other critics of the recommen-
dations, especially those in New 
York - where the HIV and AIDS 

City Health 
Commissioner 

Thomas R. Frieden raised concerns 
that patients would not receive 
proper care because a high patient -
to-doctor ratio has led to shortened 
doctor visits. 

But all people who don't know 
they are infected with H IV are 
already without the care they need, 
and without a positive test, they 
will never seek it out. And the CDC 
accounted for the limited availabil-
ity of hospital resources by suggest-
ing that doctors halt routine testing 

when positive tests are fewer than 
one in every 1,000 patients. 

Furthermore, an opt-out HIV 
testing system is more than validat-
ed by patients' typical changes in 
sexual behavior after testing posi-
tive. The Washington Post reported 
Sept. 22 that "between 54 and 70 
percent of sexually transmitted 
cases of H IV are transmitted by 
people who do not know they are 
infected" and that "the frequency 
with which a person has unpro-
tected intercourse ... falls by about 
50 percent once that person knows 
his or her HIV status." 

Knowledge alone, even without 
the connection to a system of care, 
can go a long way toward prevent-
ing the spread of the virus. And 
even with the possible challenges 
the recommendations might pres-
ent for phYSicians, the outcome is 
well worth the cut to treatment 
costs. Earlier detection means less-
serious symptoms, allowing doc-
tors to treat patients in a much 
less costly manner, while providing 
patients with a better shot at fight -
ing the virus. 

According to the CDC, any 
chance of decreasing the 40,000 
new HIV infections that occur 
every year or helping those already 
infected needs to be supported 
by everyone, not just high-risk 
patients. After all, this isn't the 
uncommon virus it once was. It's 
an epidemic and should be treated 
like one. 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Associated Students. 

MONDAY, OCTQ8ER 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR~----
Editorial Misrepresents 

Watson's Legacy 
Dear Editor, 

This letter responds to your 
recent editorial regarding Joseph 
W. Watson's retirement. Overall, 
the editorial demonstrated ext reme 
shortsightedness. I graduated from 
UCSD in 1999 and remain active 
in the campus. For evidence of 
Watson's positive influence on 
UCSD and student life, one need 
only spend 20 minutes on campus 
to witness some of the many things 
he pushed forward for students. 
Next ti me you eat lunch in Price 
Center, workout at RIMAe, go 
to an NCAA Division II game or 
hang out at the expanded Student 
Center, thank Watson. And next 
time you have My Chemical 
Romance, Cypress Hill and other 
Sun God groups come to La Jolla 
to entertain you, thank Watson for 
supporting the incredible growth 
of the events at UCSD. I was very 
involved in student government 
while at UCSD and I personally 
witnessed Watson put his career on 
the line in the face of opposition 
to support student interests. While 
it is always impossible to make 
decisions that all students support, 
Watson's influence at UCSD has 
improved student life in ways most 
do not recognize. 

- Joe Leventhal 
Thurgood Marshall College '99 

No Patient Left 
Behind at Med Center 
Dear Editor, 

I want to clarify a few points 
about UCSD's long-range plans for 
its health care system, as discussed 
in the Thursday, Oct. 5 article "Study 

Says Bed Transfers OK for County 
Hospitals" by Charles Nguyen. 

UCSD is the region's only aca-
demic medical center. Unlike other 
health systems in town. UCSD's mul-
tiple responsibilities include: training 
future physicians and pharmacists, 
conducting bask and clinical research 
to improve health and serving the 
public through patient care and com-
munity outreach. Our hospitals and 
physician practices exist to support 
all of these missions, and our plan-
ning must take all of these missions 
into account. 

Our plans for the next 20 to 25 
years were designed to strengthen our 
ability to fulfill these missions and to 
bring the UCSD Medical Center into 
the top ranks of academic medical 
centers. We believe San Diego and 
UCSD deserve no less. 

As more and more care is pro-
vided on an outpatient basis, we have 
already expanded these programs to 
respond to patient demand and to 
provide an appropriate setting for our 
students to learn the type of medicine 
they will be practicing in the future. 

After consolidation of hospital 
beds in a campus-based hospital in 
2025 to 2030, we will continue to offer 
a full range of primary and specialty 
outpatient services in Hillcrest and 
Thornton. Our patients will continue 
to receive state-of-the-art care at both 
sites; no patie'1t will be left behind. 

We also have a commitment to 
serve a broad spectrum of patients in 
our community, including the under-
and uninsured, as should all health 
care providers. We are proud of our 
longstanding commitment to helping 
those who are underserved. UCSD 
currently cares for 38 percent of the 
region's indigent patients although 
we care for only 8 percent of San 
Diego patients overall. In addition to 
the care provided in our own hos-
pitals and clinics, our students and 
residents spend hundreds of hours 

volunteering in the community 
through our student-run free clin-
ics and other programs. Our col-
laborations with community clinics 
throughout the county also provide 
invaluable opportunities for our fac-
ulty and trainees to work with the 
underserved. If anything, our com-
mitment to serve the underserved 
is increasing. In September 2007, we 
will launch a new initiative, caUed the 
Program for Medical Education in 
Health Care Equality, which will add 
12 students to our entering medical 
school class. This program is being 
designed specifically to train physi-
cians to provide health care services 
to underserved and at-risk popula-
tions. 

We are confident that with the 
changes we are undertaking, we will 

. be fully responsive to our patients' 
and the community's needs while 
improving our ability to provide 
the best training experience for our 
students and residents, who are the 
future leaders in medicine and sci-
ence, and better support our faculty's 
important basic and clinical research 
efforts. 

- Maria C. Savoia, M.D. 
Vice Dean for Medical Education, 

Professor of Medicine 

• The Guardian welcomes letters frum 
its retUlers. AlI letters must be no longer 
than 500 words, typed. doubk-sptIad 
and signed with a _ and applicable 
title. Letters must also contain a plume 
number. We J1!5eT1Ie the right to edit 
for lerlgth and clarity. Letters may be 
dtopped off at the Guardian offia on 
the i«onif floor of the Student Cmt~ 
or e-maW Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Glulnlimr 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La JoUa, CA 92093-0316 

e-t/Ulil: 
letten@lucsdguardian.org 

OPINION 5 

Voting Blind Defeats the 
Purpose of Democracy 

• VOTING, from page 4 
most. For too many voters , straight-
ticket voting is nothing more than 
an excuse that lets them avoid the 
hard task of informing them elves 
about each individual candidate. 

Of course, this is only a mid-
term election. It's possible that many 
people don't consider such an elec-
tion worth their time. In the last 
20 years, the percentage of eligible 
voters who par-
ticipated in mid-

Elections become no more than . 
pUblicity circuses, where the cand i-

'date with the best smile and cutest 
kids can garner the most votes. 

Why then, in light of rampant 
voter ignorance, are we still encour-
aging more people to vote? What 
purpose doe it serve to have more 
people blindly voting for whatev-
er candidate currently tickles their 
fancy? Instead of persuading more 

people to vote, we 
should encourage 

term elections 
has never risen 
above 40 percent 
(in comparison. 
the voter turnout 
for a presidential 
election is usu -
ally around 60 
percent). But 
with about 40 

Instead of persuading · 
more people to vote, 
we should encourage 
more people to vote 

intelligently?' 

more people to 
vote intelligently. 
It's actually not as 
hard as you might 
thinK: biparti -
san Web sites 
like Vote-smart . 
org are only too 
happy to provide 
you with links to 

seats in play in 
the House, and the extreme polar-
ization of the two major parties, this 
election actually offers the chance to 
initiate some real change on Capitol 
Hill. 

Without an informed electorate, 
the entire idea of democracy fa lls 
apart. If voters don't truly under-
stand what is going on in politics 
and vote blind, then, essentially, they 
are not in control of the government 
or its policies. The very check that 
the public has on its elected officials 
- that they have to campaign for 
re-election - is removed when the 
public no longer pays attention to 
what politicians are doing in office. 

the campaigns in 
your local districts and summaries 
of the national issues, as well as a 
database of key voting records. 

And if you think you're an edu -
cated UCSD student who is above 
all this, answer quickly: Who is 
your representative in the California 
House? What about in D.C.? Can 
you name five things they've done 
in the last couple of years? Are you 
truly prepared to make an educated , 
rational decision? 

And if you aren't willing to make 
a token effort to understand this 
election, to act as a responsible 
member of society, do me a favor 
and stay home. 

Feed Your Inner J ournalist. 
Apply to be a writer for News, Opinion, Focus, Hiatus or Sports. 

APplications at www.ucsdguardian.org 



6 OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Trv 2 NEW, 
deliclouslv good lor VOU 

sandwiches IroOl 

.. ,... ............ . 

Whole Wheat 
Jalap-:iio 

Rihlet 
Signature Gardenbul'ger riblet, 
with creamy Jalapeno Mayo, 

Roasted Veggies & Pepper Jack 
cheese on a whole wheat roll, 

Signature Gardenburger patti, 
Jamaican Jerk Sauce, roasted 

Red Peppers & Cheddar 
Cheese on a soft pretzel roll. 

EXPIRES 10/21106 DO NOT DOUBLE COUPON Relailer: Wholesome & Hearty Foods Co. win reimburse tile face value price pius 8e hardijng 001) wherI redeemed by ydJ from a 
COOSlImer at of tile purchase 00 Drands specified. Reproductiln of Ihis coupon is expressly prohibited. Any other use constituIes 
'raoo. Proof of sufficient stock musl be furnished upon request Consumer must pay sales lax. Valid only In Ihe U.S.A. Mallio: $1.00 

OFF 
anv CMS DepU4059. Wholesome & Hearty Foods Co.,1 Fawcett Drive, Del Rio, TX 18840. tasIi value .001e. Void where !axed or 

reslricted. LIMIT ONE COUPON PER CUSTOMER. 

Sandwich Onl, 
all-Eleven-

Tr, til, lEW 
1II.,1iI .. 111 •• 1M 
•••• CI .... I ... 

UDliDJifed Rides 

0'1201 

fer eDly m ceDfs a day1 
Check oul sdcommule.com 10 sle how 8as, Ills, 

and try ... e new UnlnrsllY City LaOD Roule 48/&9. 

Smart Move. Very Smart. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

Effective 
Higher Ed 

Worth Cost 
• SPELLINGS, (rom page 4 
vacy, which is typically a sensitive 
area for universities. 

But current measures of academic 
progress are clearly inadequate. With 
no real requirements for data report-
ing' potential students must make seri-
0us decisions about which university 
to attend based on whatever informa-
tion a university chooses to present. 

Furthermore, Spellings' planned 
database would use identification 
numbers to track students instead of 
Social Security numbers, providing the 
same kind of privacy-protected data 
used for K-12 students. While protec-
tion of student privacy must be con-
sidered, the potential benefits to higher 
education are weIl worth the costs. 

Federal cost estimates for the 
commission's recommendations 
range from SIO miUion to over 5100 
miUion, according to the American 
Council on Education. The money 
would be used primarily to prOvide 
more financial aid, create and main-
tain the database, provide funds to 
participating universities and develop 
programs that improve the higher 
education system. . 

The high cost may cause some to 
balk at the committee's proposals, but 
it's a small price to pay for an effec-
tive and responSive higher education 
system. 

"While our universities are known 
as the best in the world, 90 percent of 
the fastest-growing jobs require post-
secondary education, and only one-
third of Americans have a degree; 
Spellings told her audience. "Over the 
years, we've invested tens of billions 
of dollars in taxpayer money and 
just hoped for the best - we deserve 
better:' 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
Apply to be a writer fur 
News, Opinion, Focus, 

Hiatus or Sports. 

Click on '~pply Here" on 
our Web site for a link to 

the applications. 

,-----------

BRENDAAnAMS: 
at ALEX'S SALON : 

1 

1 
1 
1 
1 
I 
I 

." ."..,."". 1 
e .. ,.. ,.,/4 rrItt "." ... ". 1 

8915 Towne Center Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 : 

L __ '~'.!2~.~15! __ I 

.WlEIIIITG 
stingaree 

1I •• 1.1CT12 
----. 3 levels & fully stocked bars 
VIP Mezzanine Area 

Rooftop lounge with skyline views 
$5 until llpm with Student 10 

11+ 
Hosted byr.."n •• 

Selector -II_",-_ .. _ ..... ' 
Dt •• ? It 

454 Sixth Avenue, Downtown SO 
_I' 1'_ 

- 5211.121_ 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9,2006 

Program Head Not Disciplined ' 
for Vehicle Misuse, Lt. Says 

• AUDIT, (rom page 1 
only acceptable reason why such an 
escort would be performed. 

"[Kim) stated that he used the escort 
service when he worked later than the 
available shuttle services to the sta-
tions," the report stated. "However, the 
rides to Sorrento Valley were requested 
between 5 p.m. and 6 p.m., when the 
campus shuttle service was still avail-
able:' 

Although the report criticized 
Kim's actions, Ro e stated that the mat-
ter amounted to no more than misun-
derstandings. 

Kim did not respond to an e-mail 
request for a follow-up inlerview, 
instead forwarding comment to Rose. 

Rose said he believes that Kim was 
confused by the situation and did not 
intentionally lie about the report's con-
tents when queslioned earlier. by the 
Guardian. , 

"I don't think [Kim) meant to say 
'nothing happened,"' he said. "I think 
his perception of [the audit I was that 
he didn't get into trouble for it. There 
was no diSCipline that came out of 
what occurred~ 

Rose said that Kim's work hours 
and scheduling difficulties, as well as 
his commute from Irvine to San Diego, 
led to the discrepancies in the escort 
requests. 

"If he does continue, now that he 
clearly knows that this is unaccept-
able, then disciplinary action would be 
taken," Rose said. "But I don't believe 
that it wilI:' 

In regard to the charges of forbid -
ding esOs to take proper meal breaks, 
Rose faults a contradiction in univer-
sity and police department policies, 
which opposed each other at the time 
of the allegations. University policy 
stated that a break had to be given for 
shifts six hours or longer, whereas 
police department policy stated that 
breaks had to be given for shifts longer 

than six hours, thus creating a discrep-
ancy with the university for shifts that 
were exactly six hours. 

Some esOs also misunderstood 
the policy for requesting a meal break 
on a long shift, which led to confusion 
and some students working the entire 
time. he said. 

"We want our students to be happY, 
Rose said. "They're students fust and 
student employees second." 

In addition, two former CSOs 
agreed to speak to the Guard'an only 
on the condition of anonymity, due 
to an alleged policy preventing them 
from going on the record. Rose, how-
ever, denied knowledge of any written 
or implicit policy that would discour-
age member of the department from 
peaking to the media. 

"Generally, the official department 
position is 10 speak with one voice; 
Rose said. "It wouldn't su rprise me 
that people are told to speak to a 
supervisor:' 

The audit report, which made rec-
ommendations for how to correct the 
problems that it details, suggested that 
the department revise the eso manual 
to conform to university policy and 
counsel Kim against using university 
vehicles for his own use. However, 
through discussion between the audit-
ing board and the department, an 
accord was ultimately reached. 

"Because we were able to reach 
agreement [with the police department] 
regarding corrective actions to be taken 
in response to the audit recommenda-
tions, a formal response to the report is 
not requested; the report stated. 

According to Rose. the audit board's 
findings were not taken lightly. 

"Anything we talked to lAMAS] 
about has been corrected or is being 
corrected; he said. 

Readers can contact Matt L'Heureux at 
rnlheureu@ucsd.edu. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

No! 
A documentary by Aishah Shahidah Simmons 

Cross-Cultural Center Lecture Hall 
October 9, 2006 2:30 pm 

NEWS 7 

AUhah Shahiclah SimDaollll is the producer, writer and director of NO!, a groundbreaking feature-
length documentary that unveils the reality of rape, other forms of sexual violence, and healing in 
African-American communities She is an award-winning African-American feminist lesbian independent 
documentary filmmaker, television and radio producer, published writer, international lecturer, and activist 
based in Philadelphia, PA. Her internationally acclaimed short videos Si'-" ... Broken and In My 
FGtJwr's Hous., explore the issues of race, gender, homophobia, rape and misogyny. She is the author of 
several essays, which have been featured in several national and international publications. Ms. Simmons is 
the recipient of several awards and grants including the National Sexual Violence Resource Center's 2006 
award for Outstanding Response to and Prevention of Sexual violence; a 2006 grant from the Ford 
Foundation to support the international educational marketing and distribution of NO!; the Leeway 
Foundation's 2005 Transformation Award; and a 2005 Artist In Residency at the Digital Moving Image 
Salon at Spelman College, to name a few. She has screened her work and lectured on the impact of the 
intersections of oppressions across the United States, throughout Europe and in South Africa. 

Film Screeaing _d Dise1u.ioD is free _d opeD to the public. 
Sponsored by UCSD's California Cultures in Comparative Perspective, African American tudies Minor, 
Cross-Cultural Center, Department of Communication, Department of Ethnic Studies, Department of Isual 
Arts, Sexual Assault Resource Center, ~e Women's Center, Black ~tudent Union, and the Black Staff 
Association. 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

l-'anna Camp 
!ocus@ucsdguardian.org 

THE*GUARDIAN 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

PERSPECTIVE 
n't verbally identify myself as a 

. Christian before the class ... I hope my 
actions and values give me away." 

- Professor Dean Tullsen 
----___________________ MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

eac e D 
, 

on 
rn@~ 

Professors are 
often expected 

to maintain 
objectivity 
t religion. 

But has the 
classroom lost 

its faith 
completely? 

By Nicky Buchanan 
Senior Staff Writer 

Professors at UCSD can keep religous texts on their desk, comply with religious dress 
or advertise religous events on the 
office bulletin board, all perfectly 
legal under the Civil Rights Act of 
1964. But those pesky gray areas can 
clench the nerves of professors with 
religous convictions_ They are forced 
to use great discretion as to how 
much religious influence they can or 
can't bring into the classroom and the 
work environment. 

While a few find it impossible to 
fully separate their beliefs from their 
lectures. it seems that many more are 
inclined to bury any hints of their 
religious identity under the desk to 
avoid the issue completely. But how 
far can the quest for objectivity go 
before it strangles diversity? 

Students are often afraid of 
appearing offensive or too bold 
should they ask a professor direct-
ly about his religious beliefs, while 
professors must rack their brains to 
recall the rules. More often than not, 
instructors will give crafty. ambigu-
ous answers, and students will return 
to class on Wednesday all the more 
curious_ The personal and the public. 
as well as the scientific and the faith-
based. do not easily coexist. so how 
and where do these instructors draw 
their lines? How do they separate 
these components of their identity? 

Professor Babak Rahimi received 
his bachelor's degree from UCSD in 
1997 in philosophy and political sci-
ence with the intention of studying 
law, but he fell in love with religion by 
studying in the humanities program 
and growing uP/in Iran in the '80s, 
where he studied Sh'i Islamic rituals_ 

He is now a professor in the 
department of religious studies at 
UCSD and is in a difficult spot when 
it comes to this issue_ Because he 
considers himself religious, it would 
seem to be a near-impossible feat to 
look at religion objectively with his 
students_ • 

"Wherever you go, religion 
appears to be an essential feature 
of all human societies;' he said, " It 

is simply something that cannot be 
avoided. However, since teaching at 
the public university requires the pro-
duction of scientific knowledge, reli-
gion in return has been marginalized 
as something that could jeopardize 
academic objectivity~ 

Due to this type of environment, 
the pressure to remain objective is 
an ongoing battle that all professors 
must face, and many, like Rahimi, 
realize that putting their religion on 
the line is also toying with their cred-
ibility_ 

"Revealing your religiOUS or non-
religious views to your students could 
make you seem biased and judgmen-
tal; Rahimi said. "Students may not 
trust you or even listen to you as 
an instructor_ There are many dif-
ferent reasons, both historical and 
sociological, why religion has been 
marginalized in academia." 

Due to varying perspectives on 
the separation of church and slate, 
and more or less pressure according 
to subject material and level of reli-
gious commitment. each professor 
has his or her own way of solidifying 
the fuzzy lines of religiOUS expression 
in the classroom. 

"I am very blunt about my person-
al positions and private views when 
it comes to teaching;' Rahimi said. "I 
don't think anyone could easily sepa-
rate the private thoughts from the 
public displays of ideas. That assumes 
that somehow belief is an internal 
phenomenon that can or should be 
concealed from the public eye~ 

Because of the clandestine nature 
of religion's place in the classroom, -
students enrolled in courses explicitly 
discussing religious issues can't help 
but be curious about their professor's 
spiritual beliefs. 

"First, I tell my students thaI I'm 
not here to teach the course as a theo-
logian or a preacher of any religion. 
but a sociologist of religion, someone 
who is interested in the ways in which 
[humans I create. formulate and inter-
pret ideas and doctrines and how 

[ RELIGION, page 11 1 

J 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 
Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSO Guardian 

G l".:1RD L\~\ u(sdguardian.org (ampuscalendar.html 
CAMPUS CALENDAR 
@UCSD \\-E[I\ OF OCT. 9-1.j 
"OOt 

CAREER 
SAGE SdIIIIn ............ 5euIoIII - Discover 
the SAGE (Student Achievement Guided by 
Experience) Scholars Program. a unique part- ' 
nershlp between business and education that 
offers paid Internship experience. flnanclal 
assistance, and professional skJlI development 
to IIrst~atlon college students with clem-
onstr~ted flnanclal need. Come learn about 
the program benefits, eligibility requirements, 
and application procedures. 1(H o-.3Oam at the 
Career Selvk:es Center. 
___ WriIInt fw .loll Stebn - A strong 
resume Is one of the most crltkal tools In your 
job search, 50 what should yours say about you? 
This workshop will help you create an effective 
resume that Is tailored to your career goals. 
Develop a resume draft on the spot under the 
guidance 0( our career expert. 12 Noon-l pm at 
the Career ServIces Center. 

LECTURE 
A c-utIon wIIh c.nI SauId. The found-
er of the International Humanity Foundation 
will speak -of her experiences on eliminating 
child brides and furthering educational oppor-
tunities In poor countries (Indonesia. Kenya. 
Thailand) through her non-prollt work at the 
International Humanity FOUndation. Contact 
ihouselaglnternoucsd.edu fOf more Info. 7 pm 
In the Great Hall. 

TIES 00 1. 
CAREER 

...... IIMrKtM for HaIth I'roIMsIoMI 
School AppIIcMb - Make the most of your 
health professional school admissions Inler-
view! This interactive worbhop will cover the 
essentials as you practke answering Interview 
questions in a group setting. hear tips from 
admissions directors. and learn about Interview 
protocol. 11 __ 12:3Oprn at the Career ServIces 
Center. 

WED OCT 11 
ACADEMIC 

...- AIIrucI C*wraI InIomIIdon SessIon 
-Come find out why more than 1.000 UCSO stu-
dents studied abroad last yearl Learn basic Infor-

matlon regarding the various program options 
available. and gain viluable knowledge about 
how you can get started In planning your time 
abroacl. Returnees from several programs will be 
available to answer questions after the Informa-
tion ~siOn. When will YOI,J study abroad?7pm 
In the International Center Lounge. Contact the 
Programs Abroad OffIce fOf addltlonallnfOfma-
lion: abroadoucsd.edu or (8SS) 534-1123. 
IIIIerMIionII StucIes AIIrucI (ISA) - Come learn 
all about ISA's offerings - from studying 'down 
under" In Australia. to programs throughout 
much of Europe. to various options In Latin 
America. to multl-country options, ISA has It 
all! A program ll!pI'esentatlve will be available 
to answer all of your questions about their 
programs at an Info session at 2:30pm. as well 
as on library walk between 9am and 2pm. Be 
sure to stop by to flnd out why sO many UCSO 
students study abroad with ISA! 2:30pm in the 
International Center PIViIIon; Table on Library 
Walk 9am-2pm. Contact: _ow.studlesabroad. 
com for more Information. 

CAREER 
DIIaISchooI:,....,.,.....AppIyIng-Our admis-
sions expert will help you understand what 
selection committees look for In dental school 
applicants, Including academk requirements. 
reference letters. test scores, and dental experi-
ence. 1- 2pm in the Career ServIces Center. 
G.r .......... SCuII:. PMIIonc.-tInWlldng 
- 00 you have a pa~sIon for writing? Listen In as 
this panel of proksslonals discusses different 

ca~ paths fOf writers and otrM Insights on 
tuming your talents Into a rewarding career! 
3-<4:3Opm In the Career Selvk:es Center. 
an-c._ I'IKIb .......... far InMnIIIIIp 
IIId Pwt-tlme.lGb s..urs -Get the competitive 
edge in your Internship or part-time job search 
by boosting your Interviewing skills! learn the 
techniques that work and practice answering 
real Interview questions while being videotaped 
In this small-group workshop. Hear Instant 
feedback from our career eJqlert and leam by 
watching your peers. Pre-registratlon Is required 
- please call 858.534.3750 or stop by the Career 
Selvk:es Center to sign up. ~ In the Career 
Services Center Conference Room. 
s.-. .1Gb s.nh Techniques fw AIIIIIIIII - How 
does the Job market affect you? Consider your 
goals, prepare your Job search campai9n. 
and leam where and how to search smarter. 

~ your career path Is headed. this work-
shop will get you up and running! S-6:3Opm In 
the Ca~ ServIces Center. Co-sponsored by the 
UCSO Alumni Association. 

RECREATION 
Want to get up to the slopes but can't figure 
out how? The UCSO SId IIId SnowIIoIrd Tam 
Info meeting will be held at 8pm. now In the 
GREEN ROOM Inside of RIMAe. UCSO Ski and 
Showboard Team, snowskl .ucsd@gmall.com. 
www.ucsdsnowsports.org 

THUISOCT12 
ACADEMIC 

institute for 11M InterMtIoMI Eduutlon of 
~ (lES) - Come learn all about KEI's offer-
ings all over the globe. A program representa-
tive will be available to answer all of your ques-
tions about the many opportunities In Africa, 
Australia. Europe. Latin Amerka. Asia, and North 
America at an Info session. as well as on library 
walle. Be sure to stop by to gain more knowl-
edge from the Knowledge Exchange Institute! 
3:00pm In the International Center Pavilion; 
Table on Ubrary Walk 9am-2pm. Contact: www. 
lesabroad.org for more Information. 
Studr AInId ... 1IoIogJ StudInII - Calling all 
biology majors! Are you Interested in study-
Ing Troplcalllkllogy In Costa Rica? What about 
Marine Biology in Australia? Oon't miss this 
important session to learn about study abroad 
opportunities all over the globe. Gain valuable 
experience and learn about a new culture - all 
while eamlng units toward your degree. Ught 
refreshments will be served. S-6pm In Bonner 
Hall 2130. Contact the Programs Abroad Office 
for addltlonallnfOfmatlon: abroad@ucsd.edu or 
(8SS) 534-1123. 

CAREER 
cv WritIng IHIcs - If your academic CV needs 
a boost (or Is non-existent), then don't miss 
this workshop1 Learn how to compose a CV 
and cover letter that wlillmpress the academic 
search committees. 8r1ng a pen and be prepared 
to start your flrst draft. Pre-registration required 
- please RSVP to gradconnect@ucs·j,edu. 11 am-
12 Noon at the Career Services Center. 

an-c.mpus~ ... .w"" 0rientMI0n -Searching 
for a full-time career position or a challenging 
internship? Try On-Campus Interviewing! Each 
quarter. top employers host special interviews 

and presentations at the Career Se!vkes Center 
In order to flll a variety 0( employment oppor-
tunities. Get up to speed on this quarter's guest 
employels and learn how you can participate In 
this outstanding career booster. 12:30-1:3().pm 
(On-campus Intervtews run 10/16 - 11117 by 
appointment only.) 
0n<HIIg 1'rKtb~ ... , •• i .. fw .lGbSelUn 
- Intervtews play a key role in your search for 
a career position. and knowing what to say 
- and how to say it - can be tricky. In this 

small~roup workshop. you'lI build your con-
fidence by responding to real Interview ques-
lions while being videotaped. Receive Immedi-
ate feedback from our career eJqlert. learn by 
watching others. and get helpful tips from your 
peers. Pre-registration Is required - please call 
858.534.3i SO or stop by the Career Services 
Center to sign up. 2-4pm. 

Deutsche SecuritIes IIecnIIIInt "'-"IaII0fI. 5-
6:3Opm-This free company presentation will get 
you up to speed on upcoming job and Intern-
ship opportunities. as well as ihe goals. current 
projects. and corporate culture at Deutsche 
Securities. Held In the Career ServIces Center 
Horizon Room. 

F •• OCT 13 
CAREER 

fIndint .n I __ shlp or I'..t time .loll 
Participating In an Internship or a part-time job 
can have wide-ranglng beMfits. Yet, with so 
many options avaMabie. whkh one is right for 
you? Come learn strategies for searching Intern-
ship and part-time job listings to Rnd positions 
that will meet your goals. lQ-ll :15am at the 
Career Services Center. 

RECREATION 
fl\Ufm 2006 is UCSO'S first large concert fes-
tival of the yea~!I This year's lineup will include: 

HOT HOT HEAT 
(shown). GYM 
CLASS talES 
and o.ng.r: 
Rule. FREE 
to undergrads 
with valid 
Student 10 
(must present 
10 at the door). 
RIMAC Arena. 

Doors open at 7:30. show starts at 8pm. Arrive 
early. as space Is limiled.ndcets ava~able to 
Student Guests (up to 2 per student 10), Alumni. 
Grad Students. and Staff for $1 5 at the ucso box 
office in the Price Center. 

SPECIAL EYENT 
Author Fat FMt ..... -~_11lpIe ibQ\jt \he 
military men and worTI@iI wIIo flaw served 
- through their poetry. fictionalized depictions, 
and own personal experiences. Noon-3pm. 
UCSO Bookstore. Free and open to the public. 
Call 858-534-3149. http1lbookstOfe.ucsdeduJ 
books/generallindex.htm.authorfest 

SPORTS 
Men'l Socar vs. Cal State Los Angeles. 4:30pm at 

CAMPUS CALENDAR 9 

the Triton Soccer Field. 
WoNft'I Skat vs. Cal State los Angeles. 7pm 
at the Triton Soccer Field. 

SAT OCT 14 
SPORTS 

IIut vs. Gold ..... IIId ....... Swim Meet, 
begins at 11 am at Canyonvlew Pool. 

N1S 
SPORTS 

*-'1 Socar vs. Cal State Bakersfield. 1 pm at 
the Triton Soccer Field. 
..... Socarvs. Cal State Bakersfield. 3:30pm at 
the T rtton Soccer Field. 

UKOMIN6 
CAREE--« 

0n-CaMpus I .... " • .:." wItIt Top Employers, 
Oct. , .... 17 - Looking for a full-time career 
position or high-level internship? Industry-lead-
Ing ernployels recruit at the Career Services 
Center throughout the .year for positions out-
side of our regular listings. log on to http11 
career.ucsd.edu and click on "On-Campus 
Intervlewlng'to learn about the companies and 
submit your resume for upcoming Interviews. 
Current resume deadlines Include: Oct. 8 for 
Jet Propulsion Laboratory - deadline extended; 
Oct. 10 for GEICO Direct, Mlrcel. Inc. Edwards 
lifesclences. and Maxim Integrated Products; 
Oct. 12 for Lawrence livermore National 
Laboratory; Oct. 13 for Progressive Insurance. 

SPECIAL EYENT 
UCSD W- Costu_ Contest-£nter If 
Yau 0...: Check online for the details Friday. 
October 13. Er .. .a ... good luck? You'lI need it. 
Call 858-534-6«-4. 2005 contest winners: 
http://bookstore.ucsd .edu/frlendslnewslhal -
loween20051. 

WEEIlY 
HEALTH 

STUDENT HEALTH is open to ALL registered 
students. regardless of health Insurance sta-
tus! AppoIntments can be scheduled online 
at http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu or call 534-
8089. Same-day appointment for urgent needs; 

walk~n Urgent Care If you need Immediate 
care (some access fees apply). Hours: weekdays 
8am-<4:3Opm (Weds. 9-4:3Opm). 
a.ct ....... ~ -Screening Is performed 
using the PCSCardloChek Analyzer. and requires 
a self-aqministered finger stkk. This test mea-
__ ,..., Total Cholesterol. HOt.. LOL and 
Trlglycerldes, and requites fasllng for at least 12 
hours before the screening, Immediate results! 
$t5.oo h!e - sign up online at hnp:llslUden-
theallh.ucsd.edu - under "Health Educalion ~ 
__ SIucIIIIt Haith info Is onIine.t uadgonl-

'" ......".,UIIIpUSOlendllr ....... 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to www.ucsdguardian.org and link to "Calendar" Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

Pursue your MASTER'S DEGREE 
at the UtIVERSlTY OF SAN FRAMlSaJ 

The M.A. in International and Development Economics 
Students in the International and Development Economics graduate program 
at the University of San Francisco receive a rigorous foundation in quantitative 
economics with a focus that includes economic development. international 
trade and finance. poverty and development. and microenterprise finance. 
The program also offers a summer overseas research internship. 

Other Arts and Sciences Maste,s Programs: 
Asia Pacific Studies. Biology. Chemistry • Computer Science 
Economics . Environmental Management • Financial Analysis 
Internet Engineering . Sport Management • Theology • Writing (MFA) 

Omils? Call 415.422.5135 or email asgrad@usfca.edu 
AppliCllt;on or 11IfurmIti0li Packet? www,usfca.edu/grad/requestinfo 

Visit these progl1lms It wwW.usfcI.edu/lsgrad 
VIM ..... ,..... ".. ..... M: www.UlfcI.edul.r,.ulte 

I 3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858)"52-99"9 I L _____________________ __ ~ 

DIREtTORY OF OPPORTUNITIES AT IJ(SD: 
Want to get involved at UCSD7 - in student organizations/clubs, 

LEAD 

student government, community service. social action, 
internships? Don't know how to navigate the hundreds 
of opportunities and find the ones appropriate for' you? 
See the -Directory of Opportunltiesw link at http://Ieod. 
Ucsd.HU or contact IeGdcenter@ucsd.edu 

PASSPORT TO lEADERSHIP: Check out the 
fall 2006 schedule of exciting workshops available on the · '.ssport to 
lHdershlpw program link at http://lead.ucsd.Hu 



10 FOCUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN . MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

............... . Exhibit A: Free Legal Aid 
Got a devious landlord? Need a divorce? Student Legal Services helps students who find 
themselves in need of all kinds of legal advice. 

By HanM Camp because airyone can put anything on it - sood 
FOCUS EDITOR information and incorrect information. Some 

people find information that they agree with 

T he offices of Student Legal Services are and then stop researching. I ask them where tucked away on the bottom floor of they found the information, and they say, the Student Center Building B, which 'Well, it w"s posted by a guy with the screen 
most students probably glance at fleetingly on name KermittheFrog: If you c!on't get help 
their way to Price Center 'Or Main Gym. If you from us, at least seek a reputable source. lUte a 
squint through the trees as you ride the loop governmental agency .. 
shuttle to York, you might spot the fron t door. The programs that SLS runs are designed 
II makes you wonder if they don't want you to specifically with ueh p revention in m ind. For 
nnd them. example, most students will go out into the 

"loth ing could be fur ther from the truth, big, bad world of suburban San Diego at the 
which is es pecially fortunate if you've got some end of their second year, sometimes agreei ng 
legal issues or questions. Director Elyce C. to rental contracts with only the barest idea of 
Morris works hard to let students know that what they're signing - a problem SLS attempts 
SLS is there for all kinds .Jfproblems. to address with a "Moving Off-Campus· aeries 

· We empower students in dealing with held during the months of April and JUDe. 
legal issues, because people think they can take ~Our workshop makes a major cliffemlc:e 
advantage of them," Morris said. in people'. lives when they Just Jive us 30 mIn-

She cited academic misconduct, landlordl utes to tell them about whit they can lepIIy 
tenant iaaues, consumer fraud, breach of con- do, what they're signin, when they lip • 
tract, drugs and family issues u the IDOIt com- lease, what happens when they'JC evicted or 
mon sources of problems for which students are breakins a Ieaae; Morris said. -And at the 
seek SLS' help, but stressed that students come -end of the year, the majority of what we Me are 
for all sorts of other n:Ilsons. problems with tenancy .,reement •. -

Thinking about starting a business? SLS Service-oriented students - or those just 
can inform you of the legal hurdles you may lookingforextracurricularactlvitlesandasood 
face, and how to prepare for them. Getting reference for law school- can find opportunl-
d ivorced? It happens more often It UCSD ties there as wen. SLS offers internships that, 
than you might think. Need your income taxes while unPlid, feature a lot more orwoOn-one 
done? Ask for help before the IRS brealcs down time and direct experience than mOlt law firma 
your door at night. may offer. Program. like the Community Law 

What trips up students the mo~t, according , Project and Volunteer Income Tax Assistance 
to Morris, is their reluctance to ask for help, offer students the opportunity to get training 
which causes delays in rectification. In life, and experience in tax and family law and serve 
as in academia, students can't seem to avoid the UCSD and general community. 
the procrastination demon. Morris estimated ·There is not anything we haven't heard:' 
that SLS sees at least two or three students Morris sald. -There's no value judgment here. 
a week with problems that could have been No one will say you are I 'bad' person,- She 
avoided. -They tell us, '} didn't think it was even points out the box of Kleenex on her desk 
serious enough: and the problem is now even for when ltudents get overwhelmed - -So I \ AlASH KfSHMlRIAHIGU;W)IAH 
worse,· she said. "The Internet frustrates me, say seek the help and get it.- An em,'op.eGt Sbtdent lApIl s.rriln I\ICIirut 1Iw,...",.,.. _11)(1,., o,ppoinllMd and wall-ins. 

EXPLORE 
THE 

Meet this weel<s featured vendors & farmers: WORt D! 
FLORAL TRADE 
CENTER RESTAURANT 
Juanita Fukuda sells both 
fresh and frozen tamales at 11 
farmer's markets around San 
Diego. Although chicken, beef 
and pork tamales are her best 
sellers, she also offers great 
vegetarian/vegan tamales 
such as black bean, sundried 

tomato and "the Veggie". Also try her dessert tamales which include 
pumpkin, raisin, pineapple and almond. 

Emil io Carranza has CARRANZA ORGANIC FRUIT FARM 
been farming for the 

past 6 years on 8 acres 
in Valley Center. He 
plants, waters, picks 

and brings to market his 
. carefully tended 

avocados, oranges and 
pomegranates. Stop by 

for fresh squeezed 
orange juice. Delicious! 

STVDV ABROAD 
The UC Education Abroad Program (EAP) and the 

UCSD Opportunities Abroad Program (OAP) offer 
study, work, travel, and intemship opportunities worldwide. 

Some Application Deadlines are coming SOONI 

Information Session 
on EAP a OAP 

TaUe with stude .. ts returnin& from ...... 1 
• Earn Academic Credit 
• Financial Aid Available 
• Thousands of Dollars in Scholarships 

Wednesday, October II th, 7pm 
Monday, November 13th, 2pm 

In the ............ CentIr ...... 
For more information call 5l4-IID, or abroad@ucsd.edu 

UCSD Programs Abroad Office 
(Across from Center Hall on Library Walk) 

programsabroad.ucsd.edu 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Christian Professors Form Fellowship 
~ RELIGION, from page 8 
they are put into practice in everyday 
life throughout history; Rahimi said 
about his methods of setting bound-
aries for his classes. 

As for the curious that show up 
at office hours or after class, seek-
ing more specific answers, Rahimi 
remains prepared. 

"When someone asks me, 'So are 
you a Muslim?' I say, 'Please, define 
who is a Muslim,m Rahimi said. "My 
problem with that question is that I 
don't think religion can be reduced 
to the established forms of religion 
as we know today. After I make it 
dear to them that my religious beliefs 
range from a humanistic conception 
of moral conduct to ritualistically 
watching 'Real Time' on HBO on 
Friday nights, the student will then 
know that I never separa:t' my beliefs 
from my lectures." 

Another faculty member looked 
for ways to create and maintain sup-
port for those staff at UCSD who 
may feel isolated because of their 
faith. Dean Tullsen, a professor in 
the department of computer science 
and engineering, four.,ied the first 
and only religious staff association 
on campus, the Faculty and Staff 
Christian Fellowship. 

"It's important for all of us to know 
that we are not alone," Mlsen said. 
"There are others who are trying to 
accomplish the same things, dealing 
with the same struggles and barriers. 
There is a different kind of fellowship 
I have with other Christian faculty 
and staff on campus that I don't really 
have with other Christians who don't 
know what it is like to be in this kind 
of environment every day." 

The idea for the association float-
ed around back in 1996 when Tullsen 
and a friend on campus shared simi-
lar convictions and ideas and knew 
that a faculty member would have to 
step up to make it the fellowship hap-
pen. Tullsen, along with the help of a 

few other Christians, stepped up. 
"My faith has always been a big 

part of what I do as a student, work-
ing at a job, or teaching; ThIlsen 
said. "I wasn't looking for that kind 
of leadership role. but somehow it 
happened." 

At first, the group's meetings were 
unofficial and open for lunch, but 
when the members wanted official 
status, mainly to make it easier to 
reserve rooms, things began to get 

n my students 
that I'm not here 

to teach the course 
as a theologian or 
a preacher of any 
religion, but as a 

sociologist of 
reli . » gIon ... 

- Professor Babak Rahimi, 
Department of Religious Studies 

more interesting. 
"The application bounced around 

for a year or more - apparently it 
was quite a political hot potato, and 
no one wanted to touch it; Tullsen 
said. "What I heard anecdotally was 
that many of the roadblocks were 
actually due to other Christians in the 
administration. They were convinced 
that we couldn't do what we asked, 
whereas non-Christians were less 
likely to see a problem with it. That's 
something we have seen over and 
over ... Christians tend to assume 
that they are restricted by a lot of reg-
ulations that turn out not to exist." 

At the beginning. the group had 

six to J 0 regular attendees, as well 
as additional members who showed 
up occaSionally and stayed on the 
e-mail list. When ThDsen stepped 
down from his pOSition as chair and 
Dave Wargo stepped in, the structure 
of the group changed to more distrib-
uted meetings (varied times Monday 
through Thursday) and Bible stud-
ies all over campus, which in turn 
increased membership. 

"Groups like this are all over 
the country," Tullsen said. "Ours is 
relatively small compared to other 
campuses, but one difference is that 
probably no other group has the kind 
of official status the FSCF associa-
tion has. You could say that UCSD is 
unique in paying at least a little atten-
tion to religious diversity:' 

Aside from this respect, there 
has been a fair share of harassment 
against the group, according to mem-
bers. The problems range from trivial 
things like being reprimanded for 
exchanging e-mails with scripture 
verses using UCSD email accounts, 
or the occasional student who feels 
he or she has to take a strong non -
Christian stance in C.A.P.E. reviews. 

These incidents only serve as 
reminders to professors and students 
on a public campus of the boundaries 
they are still expected to follow, and 
as Rahimi explained, dealing with 
students can be tricky. 

"If you ever put someone in a 
position where they feel the need to 
agree with you or pretend to agree 
with you, that violates ethical prin -
ciples this campus takes very serious-
ly; ThIlsen said. ·So I don't verbally 
identify myself as a Christian before 
the class anymore, but most seem 
to figure it out eventually. I hope 
my actions and values give me away. 
They do get several short lectures on 
integrity, however, because that is 
such an important topic to me. The 
idea that you can fully separate any-
thing from your faith is absurd:' 

Mount St. Mary's graduate programs in Counseling Psychology, 
Education, Humanities, Physical Therapy, Religious Studies and 
Nursing are designed for working adults who want to pursue 
fulfilling careers. 

_ Mount St. Mary's has been preparing students to make a 
difference for more than 75 years. U.S. News and World Report 
ranks us among the finest universities in the West. 

Doctor of Physical Therapy 
M.S. Counseling Psychology 

• MlUTiage and Family Therapy 
• Community and Interpersonal Relations 

M.S. Education 
• Single 60 Multiple Subject Credential 
• Speaal Education Credential 

M.A. Humanities 
M.S. Nursing 
M.A. Religious Studies 

F-, It rlf I'll'·' 'I 1:11. ~ .1"7": j 1~ • t '1' '~A' 'Y,'n1 t! 
Ynu mny (JI,,() VI\ t ()dl hooth ot your lJloI .... 1'I"r·y qr(I .... JlI( tl fOil on VI/I dill ,d(J1 o( tub< t ! d 

FOCUS 11 

Source 
Transportatio 

Information 

Deals on Wheels 
Whether you are cruising around campus or touring 
town, Transportation & Parking Services (T&PS) has 
the right set of wheels to keep you moving. Check out 
these affordable rental options that'll keep you rolling 
with money in your pocket. 

Triton Bikes 
Never arrive late for class again. Take a ride on one 
of our "re-cycled" Triton Bikes. UCSO's Triton Bikes 
Program is a collaborative effort between the Campus ! 
Police, T&PS and Performance Bike Shop that I 
transforms abandoned bikes into a free, convenient 
campus transportation option. With your valid UCSO 
10, you can checkout a Triton Bike for a 24-hour 
period at these campus locations: 

• Revelle Collft$le, Blak" Hall's "Why Not Here" Lounge 
RIMAC Equipment Room 

. Rid .. ha,. Operlltions in the Campus Parking Office 

Enterprise Rent-A-Car 
Leaving town for the weekend? Enterprise 
Rent-A-Car offers UCSD students, faculty and 
staff a 10% rental discount. If you are 18* or older, 
you can take advantage of Enterprise's great rates 
designed to fit your budget. And, Enterprise delivers. 
You can reserve your wheels call (858) 558-0348 or 
visit www.enterprise.com and enter Corporate 
Account #32Z3069 (students 18-20) or #32Z3070 
(students 21+) and PIN #UCS. 

·Students 18-20 must have a valid driver's license, 
UCSO 10 and proof of transferable, fUll -coverage 
auto insurance. 

Flexcar 
Take a short trip anywhere, anytime and fuel won't 
cost you a dime. Flexcar vehicles are conveniently 
located throughout campus. Visit www.f1excar.com/ 
undergrad to find out if Flexcar's wheels will work for 
you. (Restrictions apply.) 

Fast Fact: You can appeal a ticket up to 21 days after 
the citation date. After 21 days, you lose your right 
to appeal and the fine doubles. Appeal your citations 
online at parking.ucsd.edu. 

Campus Parking OffIce 
Level 2 of the Gilman Parking Structure on Russell Lane 

7 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. weekdays 
Permit Infonnatlon: (858. 534-4223 

Rlc:lesharelnformatlon: (858.534- RIDE (7433) 
parldng.ucsd.edu 

Auxiliary & Plant Services Marketing and Web Communications 

Transportation & Parking Services 



12 ClASSIFIEDS 

EVENTS 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~ THE GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right 10 classify, edll, delele offensive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements wllhout prior notification. The Advertiser will nol 
hold the G_dl"" liable for any claims r.sultlng from Ihe publication of the advertisement. 
The publ isher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreemenl made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 

Copy should be reviewed by Ihe advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the nexl 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credll will only be 
given for Ihe Incorrect portion of Ihe advertisement. There are no refunds for ,ancellations. 

PI ...... nd all co"..pondence regarding C .... lfIeds to: 
UCSD Guard"n, Ann: C .... 1f\ech. 9500 Gil .... " Orl ... 10316, La .10110., CA 92093. 
Act~llocatlon: Student Cent .. A, Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
AD I_tes 

Students: P ,... 20 ... 

Faculty & Staff: SJ ,., 20 ... 

All others: S10 ,... 20 ... 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD lates 

$10.00 per column Inch 
Dudlines: 

Publicanon Date Display Ads 
MoncIey Noon lhun. 
l1oun48y Noon Mon. 

LIne Ads 
3 .... Thun. 3,.. Mon. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

ances, .close to pool, spa, fitness room, 
and tennis courts. S 1295, available 
10/23/06, S2(}-S5(}-0923 (10112) 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

Apple MacBook 
Special 

MocBoolr 13.3" (MAlS4UJA) Reg.$1()49 
1.83Ghz Inlel Core Duo UCSD PrIer. $'" 

MacBook 113" (MAlSSLUA) Reg.S1199 
2.0 Ghz Intel Core Duo UCSD PrIer. $1,_ 

MocBoolr 13.3"(MM72WAl Reg.S1399 
2.0 Ghz Intel Core Duo UCSD PrIer. $1 ,299 

AppIeCan! lhrI!e-Year Protection Plan for 

The GLlllrdilln won't rip down yow flyers! 
Do you have something to tell UCSD? 
You don't need to plaster flyers all over 
the Price Center and watch them get 
torn down or covered over In minutes. 
Dig deep and cough up the S bucks and 
let the Guardian classifieds do all the 
work. That's 20,000 of your damn flyers 
in one week! That's right baby, both in 
the paper and on line at ucsdguardian. 
org. Pay for 2 issues and we'll match with 
2 more until October 30, 2006. Check 
ucsdguardian.org for easy instructions 
or just call .us @ 858 534·3466. Gitter 
done. (10/26) 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org MacBook computers (M8852LU8) $183 

aren't kidding around! Give them a try. 4791 . (11/30) 
(10/12) --------~--

and Word expertise required. Accuracy 
and attention to detail essential. Fifteen 

Purchase any stock MocBook w~h Appiecare & 
""eIve. fREE InCase tote and exira AC adapler 

(QuantitIes limited 10 stock on hand) 

UCSD Open House is coming, Saturday, 
October 21 st. Go to openhouse.ucsd. 
edu (10119) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attorney minutes from UCSD campus. Informal .J. UCSD...:..u.. CoMputer Center 
• 115'1 SJ4-4l91 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SAL Honors • National Honors 
Organization is seeking founding offi-
cers to begin campus chapter at UCSD 
- contact: rminer@salhonors.org (10/9) 

AnN UCSD depilrtments. cI"bs Ind orgs: 
UCSD Rocksl UCSD's Open House takes 
place Saturday, October 21, 10 am·2 
pm. You can still register online at http:// 
openhouse.ucsd.edu/participate.htm. 
Present programs you want the com-
munity to know more about, create an 
interactive experience for visitors, or get 
creative! (10/9) 

Be a volunteer for UCSD Open House! 
Event Crew Volunteers receive a fabu-
lous keepsake themed t' shirt, a catered 
lunch on the day of the event, and 
countless opportunities to meet new 
people- simply by participating in the 
"feel good" event of the fall. Sign up 
online at http://openhouse.ucsd.edu/ 
participate.htm today. We'll even send 
praise of your participation to your 
supervisor or department headl (10112) 

ALL majors needed to GET INVOlVED in 
10 community projects, solving techni-
cal needs for non-profits with Teams 
in Engineering Service, http://ties.ucsd. 
edu. (1 0/9) 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$850_$1050 hour~ 
Call Jacki 

(858)565-2144 
11M Guardilln Business OffIce is hlrift91 
look for postings on Triton Port for: 
Network Administrator (job 11528503) 
for our server, software and hardware; 
Student Advertising manager (job 
#655483) provides sales and promotion 
support; and ESPECIAllY Distribution 
people (job 1491080) to deliver the 
Guardian (Monday and Thursday morn-
ings, 7:45am) and maintain and monitor 
over 70 circulation sites. For info, check 
Triton Port, stop by the office (upstairs 
in the Old Student Center) or call our 
General manager Anna at 858-534-6845. 
Please reference the job number. (10/9) 

Teach fun afternoon enrichment pro-
grams weekday afternoons. $20-$30 
per one hour class. Apply online www. 
madscience.orglsandiego or call 858-
505-4880. (10/9) 

Mystery Shoppers. Earn up to $ 150/day. 
Regents Pizza ria • See their FREE SLICE Experience not required. Undercover 
ad in the SSG Magazine! Steve and the shoppers needed to judge retail and 
good folks at this awesome pizza joint dining establishments. Call 800-722· 

Students 
FlvCheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From San Dltgo to: 

Fresno $151 Amsterdam 

Denver $202 Tokyo 

$303 Melbourne 

• C :. StudentUniverse.com 

$534 

$608 

$953 
,...,.. 

needs part time aSSistance (Monday, 
Wednesday, Friday) to assist at offKe. 
Hours are 8:15 am to 7:00 pm (plus 
additional overtime). Duties include 
typing filing, word processing, occa-
sional bookkeeping, assistance at court, 
good grammar and punctuation skills, 
knowledge of Microsoft Office, good 
handwriting and the ability to stand 
for long periods of time. Requires the 
ability to drive a van with an automatic 
transmission. Must have good driving 
record. Candidates must pass a gram-
mar, spelling, punctuation and typing 
test plus a background check. Please 
send resume to: Human Resources, DLA 
Piper US LLP. 401 B. Street, Suite #1700, 
San Diego, CA 92101 or email to mau-
reen.walker@dlapiper.com (10/26) 

Art gallery assistant to pack, deliver, 
hang art and gallery maintenance. 
Clean driving record, able to lift, carry 
501bs. 2(}-25 hours, $8.50/hr. 858-551 -
7071 . (10/9) 

Earn $BOo--$3200 a month to drive brand 
new cars with ads placed on them. WWW. 
DriveAdCars.com (11/30) 

MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 
Restaurant in Del Mar is looking for a 
part time waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 am 
to 2:30 Mon thru Fri.; For Dinner: 4:15 
pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Part nme: 
Minimum of 2 days on either Lunch or 
Dinner. (11/2) 

MONEY AVAILABLE. OK, so you have to 
work for it. .. $ 1 0 per hour. Microsoft Excel 

Air Force ROTC students get 
opportun ities like summer 
internships in foreign countries and 
teadership training. Scholarships 
provide up to full tuition and up to 
$400 a month in spending money. 
Find out how you can make your 
college career more notewor1hy. 
Visit our Web site or call our 
toll-',... number. 

AFROTC.COIII • l-all-UFROTC 

619 ·594-5550 
7 5afrotc ,a'ma;/. srlsu Crill 

and mutually respectful environment. 
Extremely fle)(ible hours. Call 858-538-
3400. (10/9) 

UCSD staff member looking for student 
to help with driving 10 year old son to 
rehearsals at the Old Globe several times 
a week. Responsibilities would include 
picking son up at school at 12:30 week-
days and getting him to the Old Globe 
by 1:00 pm. Total time involved would 
be approximately 1 hour and a half. $20 
per day for small amount of work. Must 
be friendly and responsible and have a 
reliable car. Please call (858) 220-1303. 
Starts late October. (10112) 

Part-time nanny needed for newborn 
twins and 3 yr. old. TuITh mornings 
and MWF morning hours as available. 
Carmel Valley. 858-703-4251 . (10/16) 

Part-time after school childcare for 12 & 
14 years old boys; MonlTueS/Wed from 
2:3(}-5:30pm. Carmel Valley, 858-775-
0251 . (10/16) 

ANYTHING BUT YOUR SOUL. 

'DiE~GuARDIAN ClASSIFIEDS 
FOR RENT 

New Condo, UTC area, lBR, new appli-

htrp;//book<rort.ucsd.tdulcompurertl 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

Back-to-School 
Special 

SonyVAIOVGN·SZ24OP1313.3"(K11691) 
1.83 Ghz Core Duo Reg. $1749 

Blowout PrIce $1,399 
Free computer carrying case with purchase 

(llalued at $29.99) 

Lenovo Thinkpad T60 14" (2001-03U) 
2.OGHz Core Duo Was S 1999 

Blowout Price $1,599 
Supplies limited to stock on hand. 

UCSD IIooIutora CompulB Center 
(151) 534-4:191 

hrrp;//booIcsroR!.ualieduicornpute,s/ 

$450 Rm. For rent in 4bd, 2 1/2 ba 
condo. Walk to UCSD, WID, Pool, Parking. 
Michelle Lin (S58) 483-8647 (1 0/12) 

FOR SALE 
Futon Sofa bed only $259: Home 
furniture & home decor for sale. 
Everything 50-70% OFF retail. 
EverythingHomeDiscount.com. 858-
271 ·8068. (10/30) 

WANTED 
EGG DONORS NEEDED 
$10,'" CPlUS AU EIPINSES) 
We are seeking women who are 

attractive, under the age of 29, SAT 
1300+ (math+verbal), physically fit 

and maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 
If you have a desire to help an 

infertile family and would like more 
information-please contact us. 

Email: .rIe~.perfectmRch.com 
www .. perfectrMtch.com 

1-800·264-8828 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS WITH 10 
WALK-INS WELCOME 

• .if·MilS-
I $S OFF 

UTe 
University Towne Centre 

(858) 455-0420 

ANYHAIR(UT 

REE 
HAIRCUT with an, 
CHEMICAL SERVICE 
Student discount with 10. Exp. 10120106 

ROCCO'S NAILS 151-202-0426 
Fills .............................................................. $15 
Manicure 8. Pedkure ............................ $23 
Full Set (pink 8. white) .......... _ .......... $25 
Spa P@dicure ............ ___ .................. $65 

..., 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, or 
Korean descent, age 21 -26, caIlS58-5S2-
85S5 xSS90. (11/30) 

,"" JEWISH ASHKENAZI 
EGG DONOR NEEDED 

We are seeking women who have 
blue-green eyes, are under the age of 

29, SAT 1300+, physically fit and 
mainlaining a healthy lifestyle. 

If you have a desire to help an infertile 
family and would like more information 

please contact us. 

$20,000 CPLUS AU EXPENSES) 
Email: dlrtenrillperfKtmltch.com 

1-800-264-8828 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED! 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

COMPENSATION $8,000 
Call Reproductive Solutions 

now 818·832-1494 

ALL majors needed to GET INVOLVED in 
10 community projects, solving techni-
cal needs for non-profits with Teams 
in Engineering Service, http://ties.ucsd. 
edu. (10/5) 

Wanted: Motivated students to assist 
National Honor Society in registering and 
acting as local officers. 3.0 GPA required. 
Contact: director@phisigmatheta.org. 
(10/15) 

Use the GuardUin Cllssifieds to reich 
UCSDI (1019) 

SERVICES 

- . 
, ... i 

. , 

REHERRSAl STUDIOS 
FUlly ~ulpped 

Hourty R ..... rsal Studl ...... 
• 5 Piece Drum KIt • Bass Amp 

Hign H.~ Crash & Rid. 
- 2 Guita, Half SIDCi<S • PA. M ics 

••• Just BIt", WVur 
InetJumenta. c. ...... DruMStIcks ____ r..--_ 

.... ---. 7742 __ DRIVE, SURE A' · MIRAMAIt 
c.lllll111) U_U far -, 

_.~.COIR 

Pregnant or know someone who is?You 
don't have to be alone. We want to help. 
Call our 24 hour confidential hotline at 
1-800-NO-ABORT or visit our website 
www.lifecall.org. (11/30) 

Yoga at the Bay, outdoor yoga classes, 
$S/class. Reduce stress, increase flex· 
ibility, calm mind before exams. WWW. 
yogaatthebay.com, Sylvia (858)380· 
7507. (10/9) 

Are you experiencing heldaches, neck 
JNin or b.ck JNin from a sports injury 
or from sitting in front of the computer? 
We can help! Call 858-558-3111 for a no 
charge chiropractic consultation . www. 
lajollaadc.com (10/1 9) 

PERSONALS 
Cher just auctioned off some of her 
memorilbilia, including gowns, fishnet 
stockings, flashy costumes and an old 
face. (10/9) 

FALL FEST THIS FRIDAYI See today's 
Campus Calendar on page. 9. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Make student life easier. 
SAVE on the essentials from 
Time Warner Cable 

Digital Cable 
• Over 150 popular channels 
• Over 25 On Demand Channels 
• 40 commercial -free Music 

Choice channels 
• Free Advantage Cable in every room 

- great for roommates! 
• Access to Movies. Local Sports 

and more! 

D VR (Digital Video Recorder) 
It·. a. great as you've heard! 
• like a VCR. only better! 
• Record a whole series 

automatically 
• Pause and Rewind LIVE TV 

Get 
Digital Cable 

with DVR for 
only $54.95 a f!lonth 

for 6 months! lt 

~ TIME WARNER CABLE 
~ THE POWER OF YOU' 

(858) 695·3220 
or visit twcsd.com 

CABLE . HIGH· SPEED ONLINE DIGITAL PHONE 



14 SPORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAV, OCTOBER 9, 2006 

UCSD Seeks Vengeance Against No. 12 Chico State Frustration 
Sets in for 

Sliding Tritons 
• STREAK, from page 16 
from game one after the Tritons' 
11-5 advantage. The Golden Eagles 
cut the margin to three at 19-16 
before UCSD went on a 6-2 run 
that finished with a Cal tate Los 
Angeles hitting error and timeout. 

UCSD even lUally won the game 
30-25. 

The Golden Eagles then clawed 
their way back to force a fifth game 
wIth wins in games three and four. 

In game three. the Tritons took 
a 7-6 lead on a Schmidt kill from 
, enior setter Kri tin Halverson. 
I'he girls then fell behind 13-20 on 
an unusually poor et by outside 
hI tler Nicole Courtney. 

UCSD refu ed to give up, I1ght-
ing back and tyi ng the game at 26 
on a Cal State Los Angeles hitting 
~ rror. The team then 10 t three 
of the next four points, falling to 
27-30. 

" [t definitely would've been 
nIce to win in three:' Koche said. 
"\Ve have the co nfid ence and we're 
aggressive. \Ve know we're better 
and we just needed to take care of 
our game." 

Game four again saw a seesaw 
battle with II ties and only two 
lead changes. 

The Tritons fell behind early 
but tied the game at 14 .on a kill 
by junior opposite Rebecca Bailey. 
The Golden Eagle ultimately took 
control, taking a 20-24 lead. UCSD 
refused to give them the satisfac-
tion, and tied the game at 28, but 
lost the next two points and the 
game 28-30. 

In the deciding fifth game, the 
Tritons took the lead, 3-2, and 
never looked back, st retching the 
advantage to 12-7 on a Cal State 
Los Angeles hitting error. 

YO II play volleyball for. We practice 
for it every day and our drills are 
geared for helping us." 

Co urtney led the Tritons with 
17 ki lls, 17 digs and five aces. 
Koche was close behind, totaling 
16 kills, while Halverson contrib-
uled 43 a sists . 

The girls defeated Cal Slate 
Bakersfield in a much less dramat-
ic fashion 30-22, 30-23, 30·21 on 
Oct. 6. UCSD hit an outstanding 
. 384 clip, with Bailey, Koche and 
Co urtney accounting for 44 of the 
team's kills . 

T he Tritons fell behllld 7- 1 J in 
game one before jumping out to 
a commanding 29-21 lead . UCSD 
finished the game on a 7·3 run, 
taking the ope ner 30-22. 

In game two, the girls used two 
of junior outside hitter Amber Ries' 
kill to tie the game at 4. 

Tied again at 1 J -1 1, UCSD went 
on a 9-2 run that included two kills 
by Koche and two erVICe aces by 
Schmidt. Koche closed game two 
with a kill and a 30-23 victory. 

The team jumped out to an 8-2 
lead in game three and used the 
advantage to core the 30-2 J win. 

Koche had another outstanding 
night with 15 kills and no errors. 
Schmidt tucked on eight more kills 
along with five dIgs, four blocks 
and four aces. 

UCSD will try to continue its 
season-high seven-game winning 
streak and avenge its early season 
loss against No. 12 Chico State on 
Oct. 13. 

According to Koche, there wa 
much left to be desired after the 
first match up, in which UCSD fell 
at home in three disappointing 
games. 

~ STRUGGLES, from page 16 
six matches. en ior mid fielder Chase 
Douglas was whistled for a controver-
sial foul, giving the Bronco a free kick 
that led to Galvan's deciding goal. 

"It is frustrating when we are play-
ing well and losing so many close 
game the same way:' Salazar said . 

In an attempt to jumpstart the 
offense, the coaching staff played 
senior defenseman Man Horne as a 
forward for most of the match. 

"Matt played well as a forward and 
was able to create a lot of chances, but 
we could not get him any upport:' 
Salazar said. "We had several balls pass 
directly in front of the goal but there 
was nobody to punch it in:' 

UCSD has managed only one goal 
in it last six matches and must find 
a way to put points on the board if 
the team hopes to charge towards the 
playoffs. 

"It is just a matter of execution and 
gening people in the right spots at the 
right times:' Salazar said. 

With the recent stretch of tough 
losses, the Tritons' confidence has 
understandably taken a significant hit. 

"Our cOllfidence is a little shaky 
right now:' Salazar said. "It is always 
lough when you are losing such dose 
matches:' 

The Tritons will conclude their road 
trip on Oct. 8 against Cal State San 
Bernardino and then return home for 
matches against Cal State Los Angeles 
and Cal State Bakersfield on Oct. 13 
and Oct. 16, respectively. 

With the season \vinding down and 
the chances of making the playoffs 
fading fast, Salazar and the rest of the 
Tritons know that a sense of urgency 
will set in. 

Schmidt gave the Tritons the 
IS- II game-five win and the match 
off of a kill. 

"It definitely is pressure but it's 
fu n p ressure:' Bailey said. "It's what 

"We're really excited to go up 
there and play them," Koche said. 
"We didn't play our game last time 
and it would be really nice to go 
there and win in three in their 
home gym ;' 

ARA SH KESHMIRIANICUARDIAN 
Senior outside hitter N'lCOIe Courtney kept on top of the net as the Tritons kept/he lead on the 
sroreboard over the Golden Eagles Oct. 7, stretching their win streak to seven games. 

"We have to play every match like 
it is our last - it is do or die time; 
Salazar said. 

• Career Services Center . • 
• Programs & Events • 
Considering· Health 

Professional School? 
The Career Services Center is 
your one-stop-shop when it 
comes to preparing for a health 
professional school program, 
including these fall workshops: 

• Pharmacy School: Preparing & Applying 
Wednesday· 10/4 • 3p.m.-4p.m. 

• Interview Interactive for Health Prof. School Applicants 
Tuesday • 10/10 • 11 a.m,-12:30p.m. 
Monday· 11/13 • 3p.m_-4:30p.m. 
Wednesday· 11/29 • 3p.m.-4:30p.m. 

• Dental School: Preparing & Applying 
Wednesday· 10/11 • 1 p.m.-2p.m. 

Pre-Med at UCSD: The Inside Story 
Thursday • 10/26 • 12:30p.m.-l :30p.m. 

Are YOu Curious 
About Careers? 

Get the inside scoop on your 
career options from a panel of 
experts and start networking! 

• 
• Get the "Write" Stuff: Careers in Writing 

Wednesday· 10/11 • 3p.m.-4:30p.m. 

• Leading the Way: Management Training Programs 
Thursday' 10/19 • 2p.m.- 3:30p.m. 

• Bringing the Future to Life: Bioengineering Careers 
Thursday· 10/26 • 3p.m.-4:30p.m. 

• Green Dream Jobs: Careers in Sustainability 
Wednesday· 11/1 • 4p.m.-5:30p.m. 

Expanding Your Horizons: International Opportunities 
Wednesday· 11115 • 2p.m.-3:30p.m. 

~ View our entire Fall Events Calendar at career.ucsd.edu . 
l.L..f±.J Career Services Center Located on Library Walk 
I" .. " '\ "I \ ,I' , ' ''''' I' . 858.534.3750 

J 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

% 
Art Pads, Art Paper & Sketchbooks 

Offer good through 10/9/06-10122/06 Select items only (411301 Class) 

A La Modeskin Traveler's Sketch 
Acid free, recycled 60# /100 gsm cream colored 
paper perfect for writing or sketching with 
pencil, crayon, charcoal or pastel. 

SKU 
PTL-016161 
PTL-016162 
PTL-016163 

Size 
A7 
A6 
AS 

Pric~ 
$2.99 
$4.99 
$6.99 

Sketch Valu'e Pack 
Bookstore Price 

$27.84 Suggested Retail 
Value pack of four distinct papers for the discerning dry media artist. Pack 
includes 8.5xll hardbound sketchbook, 9x12 tape bound drawing pad,9x12 
spiral bound heavyweight sketch pad, and 9x12 euro style travel sketch pad. 

SKU Size Price 
BuyO 6368565 4x5 3.49 

6368681 5x6 4.49 
5166156 Bxl0 5.49 
5166165 9x12 6.49 
4988149 l1x14 6.99 
5166174 12x16 8.49 
5166183 14x18 8.99 
4663638 16x20 9.99 
4663656 1 Bx24 11.99 
5432637 20x24 15.49 
6368903 22x28 16.49 
5432664 24x36 21 .99 

r 

I 
, 
I 
I 

Art Advantage Acrylic Paint Set 
Bookstore Price $1639 

$23.94 Suggested Retail 
ART-3100ST 

Advantage Oil Paint Set 
Bookstore Price $2499 

$29.95 Suggested Retail 
ART-4100ST 

Art Advantage Acrylic Paint Tubes 
Bookstore Price 

$4.49 Suggested Retail 

-

'J!es:t :is ~oU:on~r~ -.1;; ffi:5 
:EV'J ~~ FREE ;:,-u!Z cr:< w;:, 0.0 Zw 0-' 0.-;:,::t: 
0:1: 
uc Art Advantage 12 Color ~8 
o~ 

- Watercolor Paint Set I-a: 
-w 
:Eu. 

::;~ To redeem, please present at the 
Special Order Counter, 2nd Floor Supplies Department 

- - - - - - - - - - -

1 
, 

I 
...J 

Check the Bookstore for all your daily discounted artist & school supply needs! 
- t~dl~J i~r 858.534.3786 Main Number HOURS: 

858.534.4320 Personal Shopper Mon-Thurs 8am-7pm UCSD Friday 8am-6pm flfIilI/J. (Jessica) PRDARTG!) 
BOOKSTORE Saturday 10am-5pm 

• SUPPLY DEPARTMENT 
E-mail: bookstore@ucsd.edu Open Most Sundays Noon-5pm rRf»VIt()/M.euk ~» 

15 

... 



16 UARDIAN THE~I HOT CORNER Adnarl Jerkovic 
TTHE EDITOR 

Danai Leininger 
~porls@l/csdgl/ard;an . org SPORTS Men's W~ter Polo The junior driver notched his sixth goal of the match against No. 3 UCLA with 28 seconds on the clock to secure the 13-12 win on Oct. 6 . 

MONDAY, O TOBER 9, 2006 

UNCHARTED TERRITORY 

• 

KUNAL UKHIJAIGUARDIAN 
Senior goolkeeper Jeremy Randall defended with force as a UCLA opponent challenged his net. The TntOl1S secured the win in thefinal minute of the game to beat the Bruinsfor the first time in UCSD history. 

UCSD hocks No.3 
UCLA as Tritons up 
record to 15-2 for first 
time in school history. 

By Paul Chol 
ENIOR STAff WRITfR 

fhe UCl.A men's water polo team 
calllc II1to Canyonview Pool as a bigger, 

~ t ronger and more aggrc sive group 
than the Uc. [) squad. The Bruin 
were prepared and confident, but 
'>omeone forgot to tell them one thing 
- no one bullie UCSD at home. 

"They were ve ry physical, but it 
didn't throw us off at all :' Triton senior 
two meter offensc Ty Lackey said. 
"We're used to it now and that's how 
we like It:' 

With that kind of confidence, the 
~ta!!.e was set for the bigge t game of 
the year - the 0." Tritons ver us 
the j o. 3 Bruin. After a hard-fought 
match, the game was tied 12- 12, with 

just over a minute remaining in the 
game. Junior driver Adnan Jerkovic 
put UCSD up by one with a beautiful 
lob shot past the helple Bruin goal-
keeper, hi sixth and final goal of the 
night, forcing UCLA to call a timeout 
with 28 econds left on the dock. The 
record crowd of 1,740 tood on it feet, 
fan raising their voices to an intimi-
dating level - there was no question 
whose house it was. 

"The crowd was everything:' Lackey 
aid. "There's nothing like being down 

by two goals and looking up to [hearJ 
everyone chanting, 'Beat L.A.rn 

The Bruins had one final shot at 
tying the game and got the ball to 
Marco antos in the middle, who was 
a force to be reckoned with throughout 
the game. But the Tritons urrounded 
him and his hot went high to end the 
game 13- 12. With no court to swarm 
and no goalpost to tear down, the 
UCSD fan erupted with emotion, cel-
ebrating the port's fLfst victory against 
UCLA in chool hi tory. 

"The noise was amazing and it 

Women's Volleyball 
Downs Golden Eagles 

By Mati Croskey 
STAfF WRITFR 

The fifth game In volleyball 
is pres~ure-packed - one missed 
,erve, one hitting error, one bad 
ca ll and the momentum can 
change. 

rhe No. 14 UC D women's vol -
leyball team fought hard to the 
very end in its first five -game test 
of the season and ca me out With 
a VICtory. 

Oct. 7 brought Cal State Lo 
Angeles into RIMA Arena in a 
matchup of the top two California 
Collegiate Athletic Conference 
program . 

Ranked 16th in the nation , 
the Golden Eagles were hoping 
to bounce back from a tough 
defeat at the hands of Cal State 
Sa n Bernardino a week earlier. 

The Triton denied them, however, 
coming away with the win, 30-20, 
30-25, 27-30, 28-30, 15- 11. 

"I was excited because we prac-
ticed games to 15 all the time," 
senior outside hitter Brianna 
Koche said. "It wa good that we 
got to experience it before the 
playoffs or finals so we're used to 
the pressure:' 

In game one, UC D was in con-
trol 8-3 after Koche' kill forced a 
Ca l State Los Angeles timeout. The 
Tritons stretched the lead to 13-5 
on fre hman seiter Elaine hen's 
service ace. 

After a 5-0 run by UCSD, 
the team traded points and the 
Tritons ultimately ended the game 
with fre hman middle blocker 

ylvia chmidt' kill to win, 30-20. 
Game two was a little different 

r STREAK, page 14 I 

definitely helped us win the game:' 
Jerkovic aid. "[The Bruins] were 
scared at the end with 30 seconds left 
with the crowd that loud:' 

The Tritons improved to 15-2 and 
continued to assert their position as 
a top-ranked water polo powerhouse, 
dropping the Bruins to a 6-2 record. 

"This team has something special 
and I think it's in their hearts:' UCSD 
head coach Dan Harper said. "J've 
been here 27 years and I have some 
neat memories in this pool, but that 
right there passes them up." 

In the first quarter, Jerkovic gave 
the Tritons the lead, but the Bruins 
responded right away by scoring \vith a 
one-man advantage. UCLA capitalized 
on several bad UCSD posses ions and 
went up, 1-3. Jerkovic re ponded and 
cored hi second goal of the game to 

halt some of UCLA's momentum. 
Junior driver Nestor Dordoni won 

the ball for the Tritons ill the econd 
quarter and scored the quarter's first 
goal to tie the game at 3-3. The teams 
continued to battle throughout the 

quarter, but UC D allowed two goals 
late in the quarter to trail 6-8 going 
into halftime. 

The roaring crowd helped energize 
the Tritons for the second half. UCSD 
recorded two early goals to tie the 
game at 8-8, on a five-meter penalty 
shot by Lackey and a goal by senior 
utility Jesse Casellini. 

UCLA wa able to donninate the 
middle in the first half, but the Tritons 
had better execution in the third quar-
ter to take away the advantage. 

"We played the be t defen e we 
can:' senior goalkeeper Jeremy Randall 
said. "We can't play one-on-one like all 
the other teams. We have to help and 
have total team defense:' 

After a UCLA goal, Lackey tried 
to respond, but missed wide right. 
Then senior Bruin goalkeeper Will 
Didinger was called for a delay of 
game, which had UCLA head coach 
Adam Krikorian fuming, receiving a 
yeUow card after screaming at the offi-
cials. Jerkovic tied the game yet again, 
only to have the Bruins' enior defense 

Michael March score with nine sec-
onds left in the third, 9-10. 

"If [KrikorianJ can't come down 
here and kick our ass with all the 
resources that they have, then that' 
just too bad - he can cry all the way 
home; Harper said. "The refs had 
nothing to do [with their loss] ." 

The energize Tritons started the 
fourth quarter by coring three straight 
goals to go up by two, 12-10. After a 
UCLA goal from a penalty shot, UCSD 
then drew its own penalty shot, but 
Lackey failed to extend the lead back 
to two. The Bruins scored after a few 
possessions, leaving barely a minute in 
the game for Jerkovic to pull through 
for the winning goal. 

Pending the release of new ran kings, 
the Tritons will most likely move up to 
the third pot in the national rank-
ings - just behind the University of 
outhern California and UC Berkeley 

- its highest ranking ever. 
UCSD will be tested once again in 

the Southern California Tournament 
Oct. 14-15. 

Woes Continue for Men's Soccer as 
Winless Streak Reaches Six Games 
Tritons haven't tasted 
victory since mid-
September, dropping 
its most recent bout 
to Cal Poly Pomona. 

By Brent WestcoLl 
TAFF WRITER 

After two tough hame los e , the 
UCSD men' soccer teanl looked to 
right the hip on the road against No. 
23 Cal State Dominguez Hills and Cal 
Poly Pomona. The Tritons played well, 
but were unable to come up with any 
wins, 10 ing both matche 1-0. The 
two matche foUowed a formula that 
is becoming all too common for the 
Tritons: a trong defen ive front and 
an inability to fini sh scoring chanc-
e . After the twin 10 s, the Tritons' 

record feU to 6-6-2 overall and 4-5-
2 in California Collegiate Athletic 
Association play. With only five CCAA 
matches left, UCSD will need a strong 
finish if it hopes to make the confer-
ence playoffs. 

The Tritons began their road trip in 
Car on, Calif. where they were faced 
with the task of beating No. 23 Cal 
State Dominguez Hills for the sec-
ond time this season. UCSD won the 
previou match against the Toros in 
a double-overtime thriller at Triton 

occer Stadium. However, Cal State 
Dominguez Hills got an early goal 
off of Jesse Graham and were able to 
keep UCSD off the board for the entire 
match. 

"They were able to take advantage 
of our one big mistake of the half and 
we were never able to rebound from 
it; sophomore goalkeeper Lui alazar 
said. 

The Toros outshot the Tritons 18-
9, as UCSD was only able to put two 
shots on goal the entire match. The loss 
was the third straight for the Tritons, 
who hoped to regain their winning 
ways in their next match against Cal 
Poly Pomona. 

The Tritons' Oct. 6 match against 
Cal Poly Pomona at Kellogg Field 
seemed like a recurring nightmare for 
UCSD. The Tritons were able to hold 
their opponents down defensively, but 
again failed to put any balls in the back 
of the net, losing in double overtime, 
1-0. It wa a turnaround from their 
previous match when UCSD overtook 
the Broncos in double overtime. Cal 
Poly Pomona got a golden goal from 
Armando Galvan with only 4 nninutes, 
43 seconds left in the econd overtime 
to send the Tritons to their fifth loss in 

[ STRUGGLES, page 14) 


