
THE BACK DOOR TO A C<?NSTITUTIONAl AMENDMENT ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 
J1Jl. 

www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Event Funding Takes Spotlight at Budget Meeting TRIO VIES 
FOR TOP 
STUDENT 
LIFE SLOT 

By Matt L'Heureux and 
Dora Scheidlinger 

STAFF WRITERS 

After deliberations that lasted into 
the early morning, the A.S. Council 
unanimously passed the 2006-07 bud-
get. But behind the approval, there 
was still ambivalence regarding the 
budget's outcome, especially regard-
ing A.S. President Harry Khanna's 
adjustments to the funding of coUege 
events. 

On one side, Vice President 
Finance Conrad Ohashi thought the 
unanimous decision spoke for itself. 
However, other nonvoting council-
members said that if they had a vote, 
they would have rejected the budget. 

"I'm disappointed that the bud-
get doesn't value the role of the col-
leges at UCSD," A.S. Commissioner of 
Student Advocacy Travis Silva said in 
opposition. 

A large portion of the A.S. budget 
meeting was spent debating the fund-
ing for the annual Thurgood Marshall 
CoUege Cultural Celebration. 

The part of the meeting reserved 
for public input was dominated by 
requests to allocate more money to 
the event, which celebrates diversity 
and takes place on the Thurgood 
Marshall CoUege campus annually. 
The public presentation was led by 
former Marshall Junior Senator Jason 
M. Hoskins. 

"We're only talking about it and 
fighting over it because of a silly 
name," Hoskins said. 

He suggested that the current 

"RASH KESHMIRIAN/CUARDIAN 
A.s. President Harry Khanna makes a casefor his budget proposal at the longest A.S. Council meeting this year. The budget includes 
larger appropriations for "tradition events· such as Thurgood Marshall College's Cultural Celebration. 
name of the event be changed to dition event" and funded alongside 57.250 and foUow Hoskins' suggestion 
"UCSD Cultural Celebration" because events such as the Kaibigang Pilipino to change the event's name. 
the name inaccurately represented Cultural Celebration. spurring qit- The council de1>ated over what 
the event's purpose as a campus-wide ics to question the funding of the events could afford less funding in lieu 
celebration of the university's diversity. event th.rough the campus-wide bud- of money for the Cultural Celebration. 
n.is year. Khanna proposed a budget get while being heavily connected to After a two-and-a-half-hour debate, 
cut of $3,000 to the event. decreased Marshall. the council cut funding from the 
from the $7,000 allocated last year. Silva proposed to increase the 
This year, the event was labeled a "tra- funding of the Cultural Ce!ebration to [ BUDGET, page 3 J 

Campus veteran Ratcliff 
candidate for student 
life spot at center of 
SRTV scandal 

By Molly Crystal 
STAfF WRITER 

To administrator, acting Assistant 
Vice Chancellor of Student Life Gary 
R. Ratcliff was their voice against stu-
dent media run amok. To students, 
Ratcliff was the bane of free speech and 
student rights. 

Throughout negotiations between 
students and administrators to revive 
Student-Run Television's signal - cut 
off after the station broadcast por-
nographic material - Ratcliff kept 
a hardline stance against allowing 
indecent material on the channel. 
Administrators, Ratcliff said, would 
not budge on the issue since RTV's 
carrier, the university-owned Triton 
Cable, was a campus department that 
had to play by administrators' rules. 

Now Ratcliff, who took over the 
position last July after former Vice 
ChanceUor of Student Life Carmen 

[ CHANCELLOR, page 3 1 

Record Student Influx to 
Impact Housing, Classes 

All Play, More Work for New Provost 
By Matlhew l..eavitl 

STAFF WRITER 

NUMBER Of UCSD STATEMENTS OF INTENT TO REGISTER 
The office of professor Allan 

Havis is small. Photographs of him 
hugging his children pepper the 
walls and a rather large and color-
ful abstract painting dominates the 
back. His shelves are so stuffed with 
books and papers they look like 
something from a movie set. It is 
here, sitting in his computer chair, 
that Havis quietly outlines his plans 
to continue writing plays despite his 
new appointment as the provost of 
Thurgood Marshall College. 

By Matthew McArdle 
ASSOCIATE N EWS ED ITOR 

The University of California has 
received a record 37,000 statements 
of intent to register for the upcom-
ing 2006-07 academic year, with 
5,303 students accepting admission 
at UCSD - about 1,300 more stu-
dents than last year - according 
to UC Office of the President sta-
tistics. 

University officials have said that 
the increased number of students 
will force them to alter on-campus 

SOURCE: UC OffICE OF THE PRlSlOENT 

housing and class spaces to accom-
modate the large incoming fresh -
man class. 

According to Assistant Vice 
Chancellor of Admissions and 
Registration Mae W. Brown, the 
high numbers of S.I.R.s reflect a 
common underestimation of the 
university's enrollment projection 
formula, which uses multiple factors 
to predict a student's likelihood of 
accepting an admission offer. 

"I still plan on writing a playa 
year," Havis said. "I write quickly. It 
usually takes me about four weeks 
to complete a play." 

After a year under the watch 
of linguistics professor and interim 
Provost Robert Kluender, Marshall 
College once again has a leader to 
call its own. 

"J know it will take at least a full 
year until 1 get my footing (as a pro-
vost]," he said. 

"(TJhis is not the first time that 
[ ENROLLMENT, page 7] 

ALEXANOER VARONO/CUARDIAN 
Thurgood Marshall College's new Provost Allan Havis, a professor of theatre and dance, 
has permanently taken over the postfrom professor Robert Kluender. 

He has been a member of the the-
atre and dance department for 17 years. 
On the day of his interview, he wore all 
blue - a blue tie and denim shirt and 
jeans; a jean jacket hung from a coat 
rack nailed to his office door. 

[ HAVIS, page 7 ] 

SPORTS 

Air Squids 
A 1-2 record at the cIrormoioru;hilJ 
the men's ultimate team in the 
pale 16 

INSIDE 
Currents .......... ........................ 2 
letters to the Editor .............. 5 
Eye on UCSD ......................... . 8 
Campus Calendar ................ 10 
Classifieds ...... : ...................... 12 
Crossword ............................. 12 

WEATHER 

June 5 /unt6 
1175 L63 H 76L64 

o 
June 7 June 8 

H 74 L63 H 73L61 



2 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

We're Allin This To 
I~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

CURRENTS ------
Pregnancy Linked to 

Pelvic Disorders 
A new joint UCSD-Kaiser 

Permanente study has found sub-
sta ntial evidence linking pregnancy 
and mode of delivery with "pelvic 
floor disorders" incl uding incon-
tinence, or the inability to con-
trol excretory functions, and pelvic 
organ prolapse, which occurs when 
organs slip away from their usual 
positions. 

The results found tRat 42 percent 
of women who delivered vaginal-
ly suffered pelvic floor disorders, 
compared to only 27 percent of 
women who underwent Caesarean 
sections. 

The study's leader, UCSD pro-
fessor of medicine Emily Lukacz, 
stated in a press release that the 
results should not push women to 
have C-sections, noting the high 
rate of women who experienced no 
pelvic floor disorders at all and cit-
ing controversy about whether it is 
pregnancy, mode of delivery or age 
alone that causes the disorders. 

Jumping Walls for 
Sport, UCSD Style 

Ignoring the fact that the shortest 
distance from point A to point B is 
a straight line, seven young men 
- including both UCSD and La 
Jolla High School students - have 
bypassed convention, opting instead 
to leap walls and stai rs on Sunday 
afternoons as part of a contempo-
rary urban agility sport known as 
"pa rkour." 

The students, led by Revelle 
College junior and traceur (the 

name of a parkour practitioner) 
Silverton Nguyen, go on weekly 
"jams" around the UCSD campus 
by analyzing the steepness of bar-
riers, testing the texture of walls 
and pacing off the width of con-
c rete barriers as part of the sport, 
which has been popularized via the 
Internet. 

Parkour, which was developed 
in France and is featured in the 
new action movie "District B13," 
is about 20 years old and translates 
very loosely to mean "free running." 
The sport focuses on mastering the 
physi cal environment through agil-
ity while maintaining a smooth flow 
of motion . It features moves such as 
"wall pops," when traceurs run ver-' 
tically up a wall in order to spring 
thei r bodies to the top. 

Sectarianism Obstacle 
for Religious Right 

Right-wing religious groups 
demonstrate negative attitudes 
toward one another, making the 
establishment of political coali-
tions difficult, according to the 
results of a new UCSD study. 

However, the study also found 
that liberal religious groups are 
more inclined to build coopera-
tive partnerships with other groups 
exhibiting si milar ideals. 

The study was based on sur-
veys of 5,603 people, including 
those who identify themselves as 
members of right-wing religious 
groups such as fundamentalist 
and evangelical Protestantism and 
Roman Catholicism. Liberal groups 
included liberal Judaism, nontradi-
tional Catholic ism and liberal and 
mairline Protestantism. 

Do you love working with people? 

• Servers 
• Bartenders 
• Meeters & Greeters 
• Dishers 

Do you love Fun, Food (., 
Entertainment? HEPCat has 

tons of positions (on-campus and 
off campus) for: 

• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality Industry! 
Daily It Weekly Payl Flexible Work Schedules! 

Group interviewsl Open House take place on: Mondays thru 
Thursdays at 1:30 pm& 4:30 pm SHARP! Se Habla Espanolt 

Apply Today, Start Tomorrow! 814 Morena Boulevard, 
Suite 21O-San Diego, call (888)472-1829!! www.HEPCaLjobs 

FREE Truck to Move Inl 
• Plan Ahead-Reserve Nowl 
• No Security Deposit • Friendly Staff 
• Call for Guaranteed Reservation with 

Credit Card .............. .,. ..... ... 
~--------------------I : 1 MONTH .: 
l FREE!* I 
I 
I 

for UCSD dudenta, fllCully •• t.tt 
.wlth peyment of 2 month •. Pl .... ",.eent coupon. 

Subject to term. 8IId ..,elleblllty. Exp. 7/31/OS I 
--------------------

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 

~inClllef 

VIodioHr~ Ion S. -...1601 
NIIhIn Miklos c."WIon 

Heldle<W .... 

ChoI1esNM'"" 
--~McAtdIe --_ .... 
~Modden 0pW00 ..... 

IlnaComp 
.... o,won -

....... - .......... 

IMnoIloInInser 
- ..... -ChNIIIIePoe 
r.._ 
~ ..... 

---CIIIIr L tIIbours ..... 
Chri .... CIIit< ~ ......... 

<MIle,.,. 
BiIIyW.,.. ..... _ 

AleundorVarond ........... .... 

AndrewNsuyen ~YIor 
Riley Salanl·Peorce All ...... 

- ....... M.IInhewl· ......... 

'''~ Ridl.rd 00\ Nat_1'/IrttIIII. wtody 511_. Ut.ko UodI. __ 
c.".-Nini Bui, Chris c.omg1Oft. HIdIIw Mendoza. 

Nodo O.fizy. AI"" 51""*""_8 

Koth ..... M«AH ....... CoooooI ~ 
_I fouI;. .......MIIIIpI 

MidooIIeTtli ..... ~~ 
ViraGiMrJt~no ........ ............ 
_MIni_ ........ AII_ 

loshRose ~ 
.-....... 

T .... BIIChIn.1UoHoIIi l. 

~"'-u,o.t GeoI1!e Chel\ IIiIIMI ChoI 
........ 

T .... Juch'" Colill c.o,. T ...... 01_ 
The UCSP IAIordlin Is ,wlished Mond.y. 
.nd ThllllCloys dorlns the ."demit yeo. by 
UCSO 51udonil olld for ... uao com .... nity. 
R.,..odudiOll of Ihit ~ .... ny form. 
~r in *Me 01 in IIiI'\ WMwMIt permission 
I. 51ric1lv ~O~.'W-.s r ......... 
The uao G ..... I. not ......... bIe for the 
return of -.oficited ..... ul< .... II1. The . Iews 
e"" .. sed III .... do noIneclllillllr "prOWl! the 
0r'nion, til tht UCSD Guo.., the University 
o Colifom;' 'Or Associated Stvdents. The UCSD 
CCMrdiin is funded solely by itdvertisin8' It's easier 

• for you surs beuu .. YOu' .. had sex befor • . 
General Editorial: 858-5~ 

editriucsdsuarr/iln.org 
News: 118-5)4.5226, newsl@ucsdruMdNn."'8 

Focus: 118-SJ4.5226, ~."'8 
Hiotu~ I18-SJ4.65II3. hlitustJucsd8ulldNn."'8 

~. :1I8-~opi~."'8 : 1\8-~ !pOtfJfJuad,uwNn."'8 o:l58-~~Nn."'8 
Advenising: 858-534-3466 
ads@ucsdguardian.Ofg , 

fax: 858-534-7691 

"0 " •• ~ 
1M $Go DMvo $elf $Ivoap.-. 

10531 Sorren~Y!'!ey Rd. 
818 41300800 

"" I, 
:G.o ... en 
-!.. 1 .. I.nele 

.IL. "01".' 
.... Son~..,,_·_ 

10345 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
858 41.1001 

"" f, 
:rMl ... MeMi -!..IIL~ .'01" •• _ 

... ... _ .... _--
7044 Flanders 

Sl141a.e&U 
", I, 
:r.o ... e ••• 
~Me .. 

'IL' .TO." •• _ 
...... DIiIp ....... "'. 

6690 Mira Mesa Blvd. 
1.141 ... 00 

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 

At End, Cultural 
Celebration Budget 

Still Downsized 
• BUDGET, from page 1 
Undergraduate Student Experience 
and Satisfaction Committee, A.S. Mcart 
maintenance; Muir Musical and the 
Committee for World Democracy 
Film Series in order to increase the 
funding for the Cultural Celebration to 
$6,350. Another attempt to inflate the 
event's budget by taking an additional 
$900 from student organization fund-
ing failed by majority. 

1be Cultural Celebration was not 
the only heavily debated topic at the 
meeting - the council also scruti-
nized the Kaibigang Pilipino Cultural 
Celebration's proposed allocation of 
$18,000. Interim Earl Warren College 
Senior Senator Josh Martino moved 
to reallocate $3,000 from the celebra-
tion to the A.S. Midnight Pancake 
Breakfast, an unofficial project of the 
Academic Affairs Office, but it failed 
by majority. 

1be initial budget draft had cut 
Marshall Cultural Celebration about 
50 percent, whereas most other events 
had been cut between 10 and 25 per-
cent After the final meeting. the event 
ended up with a 12-percent cut com-
pared to last year. Silva called the bud-
get "a fair and balanced compromise." 

Ohashi said that the biggest factor 
in the Marshall Cultural Celebration 
funding issue was the idea that the 
Marshall Student Council had suc-
cessfully passed a fee referendum that 
included a guarantee for additional 
Cultural Celebration funding. 

The debate over the event also 
reflects "the council's genuine con-
cern for our constituency:' according 
to A.S. Vice Praident Internal Janine 
Dellomes. 

IWIdm can amf4ct Matt L'Heureux at 
mlheureu@ucsd.edu. 

mon oy 
June 5 

saturday 
June 10 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

~.s. Council Senator Accuses Ratcliff of Paying Lip Service 
• CHANCELLOR, from page 1 
Vazquez vacated the position, is one 
of three candidates in a race for the 
head spot. 

The Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Student Life Search Committee met 
last week to evaluate the candidates 
running for the position and submit 
its evaluations of the candidates for 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Joseph W. Watson to review. 

Watson will ultimately be respon-
sible for selecting the next assistant 
vice chancellor of student life, but he 
will base his decision largely on the 
search committee's report. 

There are two other applicants 
for the position: Bill Ponder, the 
current vice president of Student 
Affairs at Eastern Washington 
University, and Sam Bersola, the 
chief operations officer for the 
University Housing and Dining 
Services at UC Santa Cruz. 

University officials said that while 
the candidates' names were made 
public, they would not release contact 
information about Bersola or Ponder, 
calling it private. 

All three candidates graduated 
with academic and scholastic honors 
and come with extensive professional 
backgrounds in education adminis-
tration. 

Although Watson received the 
committee's report on June 2, it may 
take a while for a new assistant vice 
chanceUor to be announced. Using 
the feedback he receives, Watson will 
review the candidates and their eva1u-
ations, make an offer and allow time 
for negotiation over issues like salary 
and start date. 

"I am pleased with the pool of 
candidates and hope to reach a deci-
sion and begin negotiations with the 
top candidates soon after I receive the 
search committee's evaluations and 
report," Watson stated in an e-mail. 
"It is not possible to set a more specific 
time frame at this time." 

Watson said that he hopes the 
new associate vice chancellor of stu-
dent life can be officially instated by 
August. According to the chair of the 
search committee, Ashanti Hands, an 
electronic announcement will be cir-
culated throughout the campus when 
the decision is fina1ized and the candi-
date accepts the offer. 

"I hope to appoint an individual 
who will be innovative and coUab-
orative in enhancing the quality of 
student life, both for undergraduate 
and graduate students, by means of 
a wide range of programs and activi-
ties," Watson said. 

Open forum sessions were sched-
uled during the candidates' official 
interviews. 

The forums provided students, 
staff and faculty with the opportu-
nity to ask questions and meet the 
potential assistant vice chancellors. 
The candidates' resumes are posted 
online, allowing anyone interested in 
their backgrounds to read through 
their lists of accomplishments and 
honors. 

Ratcliffhas been working at UCSD 
since 2000. His educational back-
ground includes a bachelor's degree in 
finance and a master's degree from the 
University of Maryland, and a PhD. in 
higher education from Pennsylvania 
State University. 

He has been working in education 
for over 20 years. and said that his last 
position at the University of Montana 
encompassed the same responsibili-
ties that he would enjoy holding as the 
assistant vice chancellor of Student 
Life at UCSD. 

"It's an opportunity to have a 
greater impact on improving student 
life; Ratcliff said. "I take a lot of sat-
isfaction from working with student 
leaders." 

During his six years at UCSD, 
Ratcliff has worked closely with stu-
dents from Student Organizations 
and Leadership Opportunities, served 

OTHER AVe CANDIDAlIS AT A GlANCE 

as the chair for UC Advisory Board 
and has continually pushed for incor-
porating student inpvt into new ini-
tiatives. 

"I'm very much a believer in doing 
a lot of surveys of students, to find out 
what they want," Ratcliff said 

However, Interim ReveUe College 
Senior Senator Rachel Corell, who 
worked with Ratcliff on the SRTV 
charter and "acceptable use policy; 
cited concerns about his ability to 
take student suggestiOns to heart and 
emphasized the need for the right 
person to fill the position. 

"He's very willing to listen to sug-
gestions. but he doesn't implement 
them,w she said. "We need someone 
strong who will voice [students'] opin-
ions and implement changes even if 
there's a struggle." 

She also highlighted the need 
for the new assistant vice chancellor 
to recognize the importance of the 
Undergraduate Student Experience 
and Satisfaction Report, which was 
released by a committee last fall with 
suggestions to improve campus life. 

Ratcliff said he also hopes to boost 
student involvement by eliminating 
bureaucratic issues through greater 
online availability of essential forms 
and training sessions for student lead-
ers. 

He wants to see the creation of the 

...... 

........... ~ .. 
....... Sen DIep State 
UaIvaiIIy 

Student-Org One-Stop Center, which 
will allow students to find everything 
they need to run an organization -
even funding requests - online. 

"I'm really into how we can use 
technology to make students' lives 
easier," Ratcliff said. "I want to help 
students who want to get involved in 
activities outside of the classroom. I 
want to save them time, because that's 
more time they can spend on their 
activities." 

Over the last few years, Ratcliff 
has tried to make Price Center more 
accessible to students. 

He pushed for renovations on the 
second floor so that the Food Co-op, 
Shogun and the Game Room would 
be open, and he worked on decorating 
Sun God Lounge so that it artisticaUy 
displays information about UCSD 
traditions. 

Since 2001, he has been work-
ing on the plans for the Price Center 
expansion. 

"This is my opportunity to see a 
major undertaking in completion," 
Ratcliff said, citing the expansion as 
one of the main reasons he would 
like to hold the position. "I've worked 
here for six years, so I'm very much 
attuned to the campus:' 

Ruuiers can contact Molly Crystal at 
mcrystal@ucsd.edu. 

I •• UNIVERSITY CE~o.oI.~!~ 

I' • 
, 
, 

I 

t 



4 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opil1iol1@ucsdguardian.org 

THE:1tGuARDIAN 

OPINION 
MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 

Web poll I Are you satisfied with the cleanliness of campus eateries? 
o Yes, they do a great job 
• No, we need better regulations 
• I don't eat on campus 

• I don't care 
f (AlIof12 1 .. 'tItts Vote OD the new ,,"tion at 1IJfJIIlJ.lICSdguardi/UlJltf. 

A MATTER OF PRINCIPLE 

Bill Approved by State Assembly Sidesteps the u.s. 
Constitution and Takes a Swipe at the Electoral College 

By Nathan Miklos 
SENIOR STAFF WRI TER 

If following the Constitution is 
too inconvenient, why not just sneak 
around it? 

That seems to be the battle plan 
of the California state Assembly, 
which passed a bill last week that 
would change the way the state's 
electoral votes are apportioned -
and could fundamentally change the 
way Americans choose their presi-
dent. 

Ostensibly fed up with the lack of 
attention given to California by presi-
dential candidates, the state assembly 
passed Assembly Bill 2825. which 
would give California's electoral votes 
to the winner of the national popular 
vote. A key clause in the legisla-
tion stipulates that the bill will only 
go into effect if identical laws are 
approved in enough states to form 
a coalition representing 270 elector-
al votes, a majority in the Electoral 
College. Assuming such a coalition 
can be formed, California (and its 24 
million citizens of voting age) would 
be at the forefront of campaigning, 
instead of being ignored as a sure-fire 
"blue" state. 

"Presidential candidates would 
have to come to California because 
of our population - and they would 
have to take a pOSition on issues that 
we care about," Assemblyman Tom 
Umberg (D-Santa Ana) said in sup-
port of the bill. 

It seems like a noble effort - but 
there's a whole lot more to this legiS-

lation than meets the eye. To be sure, 
the bill would force would-be com-
manders in chief to look. beyond the 
"battleground" swing states during 
election season. But the bill would 
also effectively establish a national 
popular vote for the presidency and 
destroy the purpose of the Electoral 
College - in short, it would sub-
vert the Constitution without actually 
amending it. 

That's not to say that the Electoral 
College couldn't stand a little scrutiny. 
The college was originally an answer 
to the poor interstate communica-
tion of the early American republic. 
Because of the slow and rather lim-
ited communication between states, 
the voting public usually knew very 
little about cand idates from regions 
other than their own. Constitutional 
delegates reasoned that if the presi-
dent were to be directly elected by 
national popular vote, voters would 
naturally cast their votes for a familiar 
"favorite son" from their own state or 
region. Candidates from more popu-
lous areas would have an obvious 
advantage in such a system. 

In "The Federalist Papers No. 68; 
Alexander Hamilton promoted the 
idea of an electoral college composed 
of a small group of citizens "most 
capable of analyzing the qualities 
adapted to the station; chosen for 
the single task of electing the presi-
dent. He wrote: "A small number 
of persons, selected by their fellow-
citizens from the general mass, will 
be most likely to possess the infor-
mation and discernment requisite 

to such complicated investigations 
[required to select the presidentl ." 
The convention members stuck with 
this idea, reasoning that the col-
lege would help mitigate the lack of 
information available to the average 
American. 

Almost 220 years later, this origi-
nal justification for the Electoral 
College seems a little weak in the 

e bill would ... 
e ectiveIy establish a 
national popular vote 
for the presidency and 

destroy the purpose 
of the Electoral 

College - in short, 
it would subvert the 

Constitution without 
actually amending it" 

knees. 
With the near-instantaneous 

communication offered by television, 
radio and the Internet. modern vot-
ers have access to information about 
candidates from all over the nation. 
The assumption that an intermedi-
ate body of electors would choose a 
better candidate than the public at 

large is faulty given the aVailability of 
information. 

Furthermore, the buffer between 
voter and candidate is already almost 
nonexistent. While John Q. Voter is 
technicaUy choosing electors at the 
ballot box, in every practical sense 
he is directly voting for a presiden-
Hal candidate. On 2004 ballots, for 
instance, voters saw the names George 
W. Bush and John F. Kerry - with 
«electors for" in flOe print to the side. 
Since electors rarely second-guess the 
mandate of voters, there is very little 
difference between a vote for Ralph 
Nader and one for an elector pledged 
to vote for Ralph Nader. 

But these valid arguments against 
the Electoral College do not make the 
bill a good idea. 

For one, the founding fathers took 
special care to see that presidential 
candidates would appeal to the wid-
est sampling of voters possible. They 
disliked the thought that a politician 
might gain the presidency by gaining 
popularity in a single heavily popu-
lated region. 

Because of this, the writers of 
the Constitution distributed electors 
according to the total number of rep-
resentatives from each state. with the 
knowledge that smaller states would 
be overrepresented in the Electoral 
College, just as they are overrepre-
sented in the Senate and to some 
degree in the House. 

One effect of this overrepresenta-
tion is that in a dose election, electoral 
votes tend toward the candidate with 
support from the greatest number 

of states. This occurred in the 2000 
election, in which Al Gore lost a close 
election despite winning the popular 
vote. In this case, the machinery of 
the Electoral College did exactly what 
it was designed to do: With a very 
small difference in the popular vote. 
it gave the presidency to the candi-
date with support from voters in the 
largest number of states. 

Some have rightfully noted that 
another result of overrepresentation 
is the effective disenfranchisement of 
voters in large states. Indeed. in the 
2004 election, a voter in Wyoming 
had the equivalent of over three times 
as much -representation" as a voter 
in Florida, California, Texas or New 
York. 

But this overrepresentation is at 
the heart of the American political 
system. If the Electoral College is 
unfair, then so must be the Senate, 
and, indeed, even the House. 

The Electoral College does have 
outdated features. And perhaps the 
American public would be better 
served by a national popular vote for 
the presidency. But this is a question of 
whether to unend the Constitution, to 
be voted on qv all 50 states. At its core. 
the bill is an iftempt to use the power 
of1arge states to circumvent an amend-
ment vote - and if it isn't unconstitu-
tional. it's certainly unethical 

Though AB 2825 has the best 
interests of Californians at heart, it 
subverts the principles of federal-
ism and respect for minority opinion 
that are the cornerstones of American 
government. 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or A.ssociated Students. 

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

LE~ERSTOTHEEDITOR~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
I.D.-Palestine Link 

Rings Hollow 
Dear Editor: 

The article run on May 25, 2006, 
"How the Palestinian Advocates 
Intelligently Design Each Debate" by 
David Cerutti, makes an outrageous 
comparison between the spedous 
arguments of intelligent design and 
the arguments in favor of Palestinian 
rights. The purpose of the article was 
nothing more than an attempt to attack 
and null the rights of Palestinians by 
placing Palestinian aspirations on the 
same baseless footing as creationism. 
The brazen attempt to create a parallel 
between the complex dynamics of over 
a century of history and an essentially 
philosophical debate on the scientific 
method is an offense to reason. 

The vacuity of the argument is evi-
dent in the lack of even a single con-
crete fact, which would have proved 
inconvenient to the argument. The 
childish logic boils down to little 
more than: Intelligent design is false, 
therefore Palestinians have no rights. 
However, the author fails to note that 
the early Zionist argument, a land for 
a people without land, is founded pri-
marily within the Bible, for within it is 
written, "Return, 0 Lord, unto the tens 
and thousands of the families of Israel" 
(Numbers, 10:36). So to say that the 
right of Palestinians to return is false 
because intelligent design is false is to 
negate any veracity and soundness to 
the early Zionist argument, because it 
is founded primarily within a text that 
is the foundation of inteUigent deSign. 

Furthermore, the article went so 
far as to reject even the existence of 
a Palestinian refugee problem when 
approximately I million residents of 
the Gaza Strip alone (80 percent of 
the population) are officially listed as 
refugees after they or their parents 
were effectively expelled from pres-
ent -day Israel in 1948. Reality becomes 
an annoyance and is conveniently 

ignored. Even stranger is the claim 
that if only the moderates were fol-
lowed there would be a mutual solu-
tion. Just who are these so-called mod-
erate Palestinians he speaks of who 
are willing to renounce their rights 
as enshrined in the Declaration of 
Human Rights? In fact. the Palestinian 
Authority, Palestine Liberation 
Organization and the Palestinian pub-
lic have never renounced their right of 
return or right to compensation. It may 
not be realistic given the imbalance 
of power, but to clain) that this right 
has been renounced by moderates is 
sheer fantasy; if anything, it has been 
silenced by superior Israeli weapons. 

This fantasy is matched by the 
"moderate" Israeli position of reject-
ing any responsibility for the refugee 
problem, rejecting a dismantling of all 
West Bank settlements and rejecting' 
any division of Jerusalem while most 
Palestinians only want the eastern part 
of the city. The Israeli-Palestinian con-
fliet is an incredibly important and 
little-understood issue of which our 
government is an intimate part. Real 
discussion based on historical scholar-
ship and international law should take 
place, not immature chicanery propa-
gated by a staff writer who obviously 
has no intellectual background on the 
issue at hand. 

- James A. Besada 
Earl Warren College Junior 

More to Sixth College 
Than the Name 

Dear Editor, 
In last week's paper there appeared 

an article by David Johnston entitled 
"It's Time to Bring Sixth College Into 
the Fold:' I was upset by the unfair 
coverage given to my coUege. To begin 
with, Mr. Johnston describes our logo 
as appearing "to be a hockey stick 
getting friendly with the digit." While 
I understand our logo is often misun-
derstood and therefore causes talk ("It's 

a six with a cat eye," "[t's a hockey stick 
getting busy with the digit; etc.), it is 
simply a number six with a stylized 
drop shadow. 

The article then goes on to say that 
Sixth College is at a clear disadvantage 
because it has no name to make it 
stand out. I would tend to disagree 
with that statement. As a high school 
senior with limited knowledge of the 
UCSD coUege system, I was drawn to 
Sixth CoUege because of its nameless-
ness. It made me want to learn more. 

Because of this, I feU in love with 
the college and I could not think of 
attending a different one. While my 
story might be dismissed as a simple 
fluke, many of my friends here have 
experienced the same "fluke:' The 
author offers the hypothesis that Sixth 
College students are at a disadvantage 
because we do not have a name to rally 
around. We are not at a disadvantage 
just because students cannot identiJY 
us with a famous person. 

Students identify with the coUege 
because it is unique. Johnston states, 
"What Sixth CoUege needs, and its 
students deserve, is a namesake who 
embodies the spirit of the coUege and 
acts as its proud symbol." While I look 
forward to having an official name for 
my coUege, I would like to remind you 
that we have a symbol and a name to 
rally around. We are Sixers and proud 
of it. As a John Muir CoUege student, 
Johnston fails to understand our sense 
of community and coUege pride. Sixth 
CoUege is the smallest at UCSD, but 
we are large where it matters. Just last 
week, our Chocolate Festival drew a 
crowd of about 650 students. That's 
not too shabby, especially when you 
consider that it is one of the largest 
crowds at any UCSD event that does 
not include a live band. Every year we 
grow more and more. This year will 
mark our first commencement and we 
couldn't be happier or prouder. 

[ would like that thank Johnston for 
his kindly suggestions of namesakes, 
though. as he suggests. this is a col-

FREE 10 minute massages 
Ballroom A • 10am- 4pm 
Appt. ..... II1II11 10IIII • FInI CCIIRI, IIrIt 

lege matter and ~ould be dealt with 
by Sixth CoUege administrators and 
students. It is our name, our identity. 
So, thank you, but we are handling 
this. We have had town hall forums as 
well as invited students to come speak 
at naming meetings. Sixth CoUege has 
taken every opportunity to involve its 
students in the naming and founding 
of traditions for our newfangled col-
lege. As the author mentions, it took 
Thurgood Marshall CoUege 23 years 
to decide on a name. According to my 
calculations, we still have 19 years to 
tie them. 

- Honore Pedigo 
Sixth College Sophomore 

Student Voting a Must 
In June 6 Election 

Dear Editor, 
As the California primary elec-

tion nears, students are facing larger 
attacks to access and afford ability of 
higher education than ever before. 
State funding for higher education 
has decreased from 16.8 percent of 
the state budget in 1975-76 to J 1.3 
percent in 2005-06. In order to off-
set these profuse state budget cuts, 
University of California undergradu-
ate, graduate and professional student 
fees have skyrocketed. Since 200 J, 
undergraduate fees have increased 
more than 79 percent, graduate fees 
84 percent and professional fees 69 
to 131 percent. Student fees must 
be dependent on family affordability 
rather than the cost of instruction to 
the university or state. 

Legislators who vote against access 
and affordability often argue that the 
state of California is in a budget 
crisis. However, legislators need not 
rely on students and their families 
as a source of revenue. No student 
should feel deterred from attending 
a public university due to financial 
difficulties. 

Over the past 30 years the denota -

tion of fmancial aid has shifted from 
grants to loans. Today the average UC 
undergraduate is expeeted to work full 
time each summer and will still gradu-
ate with over $20,000 in debt. Half of 
'all UC students work in order to offset 
the partial costs of school and of those 
half; one in four work over 20 hours 
a week. 

Currently, the University of 
California does not reflect the diver-
sity of the state. At UCSD, 37 percent 
of students identify themselves as 
Asian, 32 percent as white, 14 percent 
other/undeclared, 8 percent MexiCan 
American, 3 percent Latino/Latina, 
5 percent Filipino, I percent black 
and less than I percent American 
Indian. These tatistics are startling 
but remain a harsh reality that should 
encourage fellow students to demand 
greater accountability from elected 
officials. At the current rate, our 
public higher education system will 
become SOcially and economically 
privatized so that only a privileged 
few will be able to afford its high 
price. Please join thousands of stu-
dents aU across the state of California 
as we take the first step in demand-
ing such accountability on Tuesday, 
June 6. 

- Eddie Herrera 
A.S Vice President Ex/emal 

• The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readen. All letters must be flO longer 
than 500 words, typed. double-spaced 
atld signed with a name and applicable 
title. Letters must also conmin a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit 
for Imgth atld clarity. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian Offiu. on 
the suond floor of the Student Center 
or e-ntlJueJ. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD GUQrdum 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr_ 0316 
La 'oUa. CA 92093-03 J 6 

e-mail: 
letters@Jucsdguardian.org 



6 OPINION THE UCSO GUARDIAN MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 

First Date With UCSD a Disappointment 
SxS 
Sx6 
Sx7 
Sx8 

$22 per month 
$25 per month 
$29 per month 
$32 per month 

With student ID. Daily pro-rate available to Sept. 
VEHICLE PARKING AV~ILA8LE 

scrippsmesastorage 
Call for reservation 858~566-3881 

Head, Neck" 
Spine Center of SD 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La Jolla, CA 92037 
au.511-3111 Fax a ..... 3841 

www ••• JoII.dc.com 

I 3251 Holiday (t. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858'1152-99119 I L _______________________ _ 

A h, young love. families arrive within the window of The happy couples, UCSD one afternoon at whatever time they and new freshmen, have gone please. The result is mayhem. 
through the journey just like every Especially for problem areas like 
couple before them. On their first the John Muir College residence 
date (Admit Day), the future lov- halls, residential life offices ought to 
ers are introduced ~ •• ~~~----__ take a page from 
and work hard m pUS the airlines and 
to impress each assign staggered 
other. Once the Repai r move-in times . 
marriage (hous- The move-in 

, ing) contracts are David Johnston windows could 
signed, the new- be assigned based 
Iyweds rekindle djohnsto@ucsd.edu on how far you 
their passion on an enchanting hon- live from UCSD. Local residents, 
eymoon (orientation). who have the least distance to travel, 

Alas, this will be the la$t time the would get the earliest times, Los 
lovers are on their best behavior. Angelinos would get the green light 

After ~he meticulously sched- shortly thereafter, and so on. With 
uled short visits have come and 
gone, move-in for new freshmen is 
their first real experience with the 
university. That fateful September 
afternoon is the first day that UCSD 
lowers her guard and shows what 
she's really like. 

For some, the move-in is a 
breeze, and it portends a long, lov-
ing relationship with the univerSity. 
For others, the marriage is rocky 
from the start. Mine ",as the rocky 
kind. 

My family woke up early to make 
the two-hou r d rive to San Diego. 
We arrived to find disorder: The 
loading zones were jam-packed, 
the streets outside the dorms were 
treacherous, the elevator line was 
at limes 20 people long (with eleva-
tor-sized loads of luggage). To add 
insult to injury, our brakes went out 
on North Torrey Pines Road. 

Needless to say, it wasn't a pleas-
ant experience. 

But there are measures that col -
lege residential life offices could 
take to ensure that move-in is the 
first of many good memories for 
new students. 

The main problem is congestion. 
Hundreds of students with their 

~ering the times 
at which residents 

arrive would alleviate 
both elevator 

and parking lot 
congestion." 

this system, freshmen from the 
far reaches of northern California 
wouldn't be stuck with an unwork-
able 9 a.m. move-in time. Staggering 
the times at which residents arrive 
would alleviate freeway, elevator 
and parking-lot congestion. 

Of course, staggering check-in 
times has its flaws. Some people will 
still want to move in early no matter 
what time slot they have, and others 
will come as late as they please no 
matter what. On top of that, there is 
bound to be some spillover into the 
next time slot by those who arrived 
late or need more time. But even 
if only half of the new residents 

showed up at their assigned time, 
the system would ease congestion at 
least a bit. 

UCSO's residential life services 
might also follow in the footsteps of 
their counterparts at UCLA. There, 
an extensive team of move-in staff 
steers confused and frustrated fami -
lies through each step of move-in, 
providing parking direction, golf-
cart assistance, grocery-cart deliv-
ery, elevator efficiency organization, 
and more. A similar staff working 
at UCSO for one day out of the 
year would not cost much, and the 
avoided headaches would be well 
worth it. 

And there are even simpler things 
that Housing and Oining Services 
could do to ease frustrations . Advise 
students to bring a dolly or check 
out a cart unless they're certain they 
won't need one. 

Consider a Thurgood Marshall 
College-type drive -through check-
in, which would allow people to 
park their cars and immediately take 
boxes up to the room, rather than 
parking and walking to the sign-in 
table, then walking back to the car 
for the first load. Lastly, warn people 
that the parking lots can fill up fast 
and there may be long lines, so they 
can plan ahead. 

With only two weeks . left until 
move-out, there isn't time to plan and 
implement improvements for this 
year's exodus of students from on-
campus housing. There i.s, however, all 
summer to consider ways in which to 
improve the move-in process for the 
class of 20 10 coming this September to 
a UCSD res hall near you. 

Some say that moving in togeth -
er is the first big test in a committed 
relationship. For UCSO and new 
freshmen to have a solid marriage, 
there's no better foundation than 
a smooth move-in. Let's give the 
new couple their best chance for 
success. 

About to graduate? Just starting your college career? 
Somewhere in between? We are here to help you identify 

and meet your professional goals-stop by today. 
lr's A PARTY! 

od luck on 
finals-use our 
study rooms to 

get ready! 

The Center is open this summer with advising, 
workshops and programs to meet your career needs! 

Using the Center this Summer 
Registered UCSD Summer Session students and UCSD Alumni 
Association members can use our services at no extra cost this 
summer. Not in one of these groups? Pay our summer usage 
fee or consider joining the UCSD Alumni Association for great 
benefits plus free access to the Career Services Center! 
Learn more at http://career.ucsd.edu/sa/ellglblllty.shtml 

S,!-mmer Jobs on Port Triton 
Still looking for the right job? Log on to career.ucsd.edu and 
browse over 1,000 listings on Port Triton today! 

Ce1ebrate the tina1 days of c1ass 
with friends at Porter's Pub! 

Tl-IURSDAY, JUNE 8 

IU~~~~~~~ 202 Un~ Center 9500 Gilman DriYt La .loRa. CA 92093-0081 858.SJ4.19OO 
-.hmnluad.edu 

MONDAY, JUNE 5,2006 

John Muir College to Up 
Number of Triple Rooms 

• ENROllMENT, from page 1 
[UCSD) has received a higher-than-
projected return of positive accep-
tances; she stated in an e-mail. 

UCSD's S.l.R. numbers come in 
conjunction with high levels across 
the UC~syatem and public universi-
ties around the country, according 
to Brown. 

The university is checking to 
see if students turned in more than 
one S.I.R., which could be causing 
the unusually high levels of enroU-
ment. 

John Muir College and Sixth 
College are currentJy experiencing 
the most significant levels of overen-
rollment, with Muir receiving nearly 
300 more students than .expected, 
according to Muir Dean of Student 
Affairs Patty Mahaffey. 

Muir is bracing for the inflw: by 
altering hOUSing accommodations 
in both residence halJs and apart-
ments, Mahaffey said. 

·We'U be tripling, and although 
there will be some chalJenges, we've 
got a positive community that will 
make this work," she said. 

Comparing Muir's cramped 
housing situation next year to 
that of UCLA, where many first-
year students live in triple rooms, 
Mahaffey also said that about 100 
second-year students will be moved 
out of Muir housing to Earl Warren 
College and that Revelle College will 
be accommodating residents from 
all coUega. 

Because of the increased enroll-
ment figures, the university will be 
forced to alter not only hOUling. but 
class space as well, Brown stated. 

·The CunpUi is working with 
academic departments, the under-
graduate colleges and other cunpu. 
administnton to ensure that we 
have .ufficlent classes and space 
in orientation programs,- Brown 

stated . 
Mahaffey said that Muir will be 

increasing the number of orienta-
tion sessions from five to six, and 
the number of teaching assistants in 
the Muir Collese Writing Program 
will be Increased to make sure fresh-
men have access to the class. 

Because the state sets the amount 
of funding given to UCSD' even 
if it experiences overenrollment, 
UCSD will have to cope with the 
influx, according to Associate 
Vice Chancellor of Undergraduate 
Education Mark I. Appelbaum. 

Although the university is 
expecting a record number of stu-
dents, the amount will decrease by 
approximately 7 to 8 percent unI-
versity-wide due to "summer melt," 
according to Brown, when students 
decide not to attend college between 
now and the beginning of next 
school year. 

Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs Joseph W. Watson stated in 
an e-mail that despite the high num-
ber of S.I.R.s, UCSD will not alter its 
enrollment projection formula. 

Although Watson stated that it 
il not known why 10 many students 
chose UCSD, Brown suggested that 
one reason that UCSD may have 
received so many S.lR.s was because 
of its increasinl popularity. 

·We are second only to UCLA in 
attracting freshmen to the campus; 
she stated. 

Although there will be some 
challenges in making space for the 
incoming class, not everyone is 
scrambling to find alternative wlu-
tioDi. 

·Student organizations are 
really excited about the numbers." 
Mahaffey said 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 7 

New Provost Plans to Bolster Arts Programs 
• HAVIS, from page 1 

No matter what he's saying, 
Havis says it caImJy and unwaver-
ing. He has the voice of someone 
who would get paid millions to 
read lullabies for books on tape. 
His soothing manner makes it alJ 
the more surprising to discover 
he has a black belt in Korean-style 
Tang Soo Do karate. 

As a young adult, Havis had 
dreams of becoming an architect 
because it combined his two favor-
ite subject •. 

"I loved ma:h. I loved art," he said. 
"Architecture seemed, the fusion of 
the two. , learned that I wanted to 
build structure with people, though, 
not cement and wood" 

However, architecture school 
proved too specific for Havis, who 
found himself not ready to leave 
the liberal arts. He decided to 

, endure the ridicule of his friends, 
who thought he was ducking out, 
to make a quick change. After 
leaving architecture school, Havis 
pursued his love of the arts and 
entered the world of theater. 

It was in 1988 when Havis 
joined the theatre and dance 
department of UCSD. Since 
then, he has helped students 
with playwriting and has sought 
to foster an appreciation of the 
arts in his classes. It seems he . 
made the right decision in leav-
ing architecture behind, at least 
according to Course and Professor 
Evaluations, which allows students 
to critique teacher effectiveness. 
Professor Havis received a 94-per-
cent recommendation rating for 
his undergraduate class on women 
in comedy. He also mentored 
Michael Camick, this year's winner 
of the $25,000 Samuel Goldwyn 
Screenwriting Award with his work 
·Who's Driving Doug?" 

-[Carnick) beat out UCLA's 
program, which is big." Havis said. 

It is his experience as a theatre 

professor and socially conscious "A challenge for the campus is its 
playwright that Havis said will aid location," he said. "It's almost like a 
in his new position as provost. gated community. We carmol get the 

"I think I have a political vision diversity of San Diego. But we must 
that is in sync with Marshall," he said. care about what's outside the gate." 
"' have an ability to motivate people, . Havis began a program that facili-
once 1 build trust with them ... the tales interaction between playwrights 
opposite [of mel would be a loud, on campus and the local KPBS chan-
high-willed individual A bully.' nel. He has also overseen multiple 

There still remains a noble dialogues between art communities 
ambiguity to the function of the across the border. As provost, Havis 
provost. The structure of UCSD plans on championing the arts 
is built to give a liberal-arts feel to within the university. Because of 
a large campus, but the question UCSO's heavy science concentra-
remains regarding the provost's tions, it is difficult for the art, to 
position within the scheme. Havis get appropriate consideration. 
compared the position to be the One way in which Havis has 

already introClUced theater into 
MarshaJI was through his produc-
tion of the "Haunting of Jim Crow." 
The play, an explonltion into the 
life of Strom Thurmond and his 
interraciaJ daughter, became part 
of the DOC curriculum last year. 
For Havis, it was almost a dress 
rehearsal of his position as provost 
because he worked so closely with 
Marshall administration. 

a political vision 
that is in sync with 

MarshalI." 
- Professor Allan Havis, 

Provost, Thurgood Marshall 
College 

mayor of a proper-sized town. 
"There isn't a lot of clarity as 

to what a provost does; he said. "I 
hope in the next five years [during 
my term) it wiU become clearer." 

He cited the main duties of the 
provost as helping run and rep-
resent the college. This includes: 
overseeing MarshalJ's 30 staff mem-
bers, managing the $2 million bud-
get and the beloved college writing 
progrun Dimensions of Culture, 
diplomacy between the colleges 
and fund-raising and hiring within 
Mar.hall. The responsibilities of 
diplomacy seem fitting for Havis, 
who baa made outreach one of the 
main tenets of his career in the the-
atre and dance department. 

The former provost, Cecil Lytle, 
supported the appointment of 
Havis in a UCSO press release. 

"\ have had the opportunity to 
work closely with Allan on projects 
that advance the inteUectual interests 
and social justice agenda of Thurgood 
Marshall College," Lytle stated. "He 
listens to students, supports staff and 
will be an effective leader of the fae· 
ulty in championing the academic 
aims of the college." 

Havis said he looked forward to 
being part of the face of Marshall 
Collese. He expressed a desire to 
bring the college to new heights. 

., want to build on the great 
history and legacy of Marshall 
College; he said. "I would love to 
have Marshall find a new milestone 
by its 40th anniversary." 

RetUJU's CII" COlltllct Mlltthew 
Lemn lit mleavitt@ucsd.edu. 

THE SCRIPPS RESEARCH INSTITUTE 
Where do you fit in our future? Discuss your 
career future with our employees and hiring 
managers, tour our facilities (please RSVP for 
tour time, www.5Cripps.edu) and attend a 
resume/interviewing seminar (lO:30am or 
12:30pm). Many opponunities are available 
including Research, Procurement, Administration, 
Facilities Seivices, Environmental Services, 
Animal Resources, Legal Counsel, 
AccountinglFinance, and Internships. 
The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) is one 
of the largest, private, non-profit, biomedical 
research facilities in the world, Our C}ltting edge 
research has applications for heart, brain and 
autoimmune diseases, cancer, stroke and many 
more imponant causes. 
For more information, visit our web site at 
www.scripps.edu and click on "Working at TSRI" 
TSRI embraces diversity and recognizes it as being 
a key to our success, We believe in developing 
and maintaining a diverse workforce. 
EOFlMlFNID 

THE 

SCRIPPS 

RESEARCH 

INSTITUTE 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Christine Pae 
Jeatures@ucsdguardian.org 

THE.,GuARDIAN 

FOCUS 
THE ST UDENT OUTLOOK 

MONDAY,JUNE 5, 2006 

GO FIGURE 

~ Number of students in the charter class 
of the Skaggs School of Pharmacy and 

Pharmaceutical Studies who received their 
doctor of pharmacy degrees on June 3. 

Who's On Cenler Siage? 
Call it a symbiotic relationship - the La Jolla Playhouse 
and UCSD theatre department depend on each other, 

PHOTOS BY BRYAN SM ITHWI CKlGUARDIAN 
The Joan and Irwin Jacobs Center (above) opened last year and includes the Sheila and Hughes Patiker Theatre and additional rehearsal 
spaces that are amollg the shared/acilities between the La Jolla Playhouse and the UCSD theatre and dance department (left). 

By Mameue Federis 
ASSOCIATE FOCUS EDITOR 

What began as an idea for a regional theater that would be part of the new UCSD campus ill the late 1950s has now evolved into a full -fledged theater district. The La Jolla Playhouse grew from the original Mandell Weiss Theatre to the 
latest addition, the Joan and Irwin Jacobs Center with the 
Sheila and Hughes Potiker Theatre. Throughout the years, 
the La Jolla Playhou e and the UCSD theatre and dance 
department have kept a partnership that is unique and has 
enabled both entities to grow into their own. But the ride 
has not always been smooth. 

"There have definitely been some growing pains:' the-

atre and dance department Chief Administrative Officer 
Mark Maltby said. "But we eventually learned to co-exist 
and mutually learn from each other:' 

The La Jolla Playhouse first began as the La Jolla-San 
Diego County Theatre and Arts Foundation in 1954, 
founded by mm stars Gregory Peck, Dorothy McGuire 
and Mel Ferrer. On the other hand, plans for a theater for 
the future UCSD campus became bogged down by lack of 
money, lawsuits and land development issues. 

In the 1970s, with the establishment of UCSD's the-

[ PLAYHOUSE, page 11 1 

.. 

M Oj'lDAY, JUNEt, ~ , THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

P'ZZAPALOOZA 
I 

858-452-UCS8 
. 32 J J Hollda, Cour' 

- -------- --

Large !-ropping 
P,zza I 00 

no limit 
volid 6/5 - 6/18 2006 

$1.7 5 Delivery Charge 
-------------Good Luck on ,our EXANS , 

IHAIN '0' for ,Iur Bus~ness 
Hlye I IREAI SUlllmer , 

FOCUS 9 



Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 
week of JUNE 5 TO 1:1. 10 

MONJUNES 
CAREER 

Finals study "-S -Need a quiet place 
to study? The Career Services Center's On-
Campus Interviewing rooms, located on 
the second floor, will be vacant and open 
for student use during our normal busi-
ness hours throughout tenth week and 
finals week. Private rooms with windows, 
tables, and chairs are available to groups 
or Individuals on a first-come, first-serve 
basis. Wireless internet is available. Sam-
4:30pm, 8am-2pm on Fridays, through Fri. 
June 16. Not offered on the weekend. 

CRAFTS 
AnnlllllSpring Crlfts Sille Preview, 3-7pm 
at the Crafts Center, in the Student Center. 

RECREATION 
JlCiIM PaIge performs _ IIomI Nights, at 
Espresso Roma in the Price Center, 8-9pm. 
Spring Showa.. lOO6 by the UCSD 
DIIncesport THm. A showcase of different 
group performances from competition, 
show, medley, west coast, and salsa teams. 
7:3()-11 pm in the Price Center Ballroom. $5 
to students, $ 1 0 to all others. 

SPECIAL EVENT 
Tribute to e BlIck w..m.n, an event to 
enlighten the UCSD campus about the 
contributions and achievements of Black! 
African-American women. Sponsored by 
the 8lack Student Union. Cross Cultural 
Center, 7 -9pm. 

STUDENT ORGS 

The PN-v.tertn.ry Student AIIOdMIon 
hosts Dr. K.iIh w.I"""" who will give 
a presentation on chiropractic and accu-
punture techniques. 5pm, Berkeley Room 
in the Price Center. For more Information. 
email Amy Crum at acrum@ucsd.edu 

TUESJUNE6 
CAREER 

Puc. Corps Info SessIon - Life is calling 
& how far will you go? Explore job oppor-
tunities, benefits, and the Peace Corps 
application process. Network with a previ-
ous volunteer and leam more about the 
adventure of a lifetime. 12:3D-2pm at the 
Career Services Center. 

CRAFTS 
The UCSD Crafts Center will be having the 
Annual 5prinf Crefts Sille today through 
Thursday, June 8th. 1 Oam- 6pm. Affordable 
ceramics, glass, jewelry, and other crafts 
will be on sale. The Crafts Center is located 
in the Student Center on the lower deck 
of the Grove Caffe. For more information. 
please call (858) 534-2021 or www-crafts. 
ucsd.edu. 

RECREATION 
Feilur. to Leunch. with Matthew 
McConaughey and Sarah Jessica Parker, 
shows at 7 and 10pm in the Price Center 
Theater, admission $3. 

WEDJUNE 7 
CRAFTS 

The Annual SprIng Crafts s.a. contin-

TH~~GUARDIAN 
CO len do f@ ____ U___..cslliiiiiiiiiil..d ______ _ 

ues at the Crafts Center, 10am- 6pm. 
Affordable ceramks, glass, jewelry, and 
other crafts 'Yill be on sale. 

ARTS 
ISIM UCSO and Center for Research In 
the Computing Arts present An EwnIng 
01 MuskeI Treciition and Ino-.tlon. 
Features performances by Trkhotomy, an 
electro-acoustic jazz trio playing music by 
Jimmy Giuffre and Anthony Braxton, with 
James Ilgenfritz (Bass), Kyle Bruckmann 
(Oboe). Steve Rush (Piano). Also: tradi-
tional Hindustani Classical music with 
Justin DeHart (Tabla) and friends, and 
Ambient Microtonal guitar music with 
Duane P1lotram. 8pm, CRCA Black Box. 
Callt2 building. Free and open to the 
public. For info call (858) 534-4383. 

SOCIAL EVENT 
W_ermelon Queen PegNnt, Price 
Center at 12 Noon - Come be a part of 
one of the oldest traditions at UCSOI 
See who will drop the watermelon off 
of Urey Hall at the Watermelon Drop 
Festival (Friday 6/9) and have the privi-
lege of being called the 41 st Watermelon 
Queen of UCSD! Do you have what it 
takes to be Watermelon Queen? H_ 
a talent? Like dropping watermelons? 
Apply! Applications are available at every 
college's reslife and EDNA. 

THURSJUNE8 
ARTS 

We o.nc.. Our o.nc... 8pm Sheila and 
Hughes PotIker Theater. See FEATURED 
box, 

CRAFTS 
The Annual SprIng Crafts We contin-
ues at the Crafts Center. lOam- 6pm, 
Affordable ceramics, glass. ' jewelry, and 
other crafts will be on sale. Student 
Center near the Grove Caffe, 

LECTURE 

(ILAS presents Int.rellsclpll ... " 
DIeIogues on LetIn AmerIce, SprIng 
lOO6.0penlng: V ..... , the Object of 
MIgrant RemIttances In ContenIpanI, 
EI Semdor, David Pedersen, Department 
of Anthropology - This presentation 
examines the rise of migrant remittances 
as a dominant feature of everyday life in 
contemporary EISalvador. The talk draws 
on ethnographic and historical research 
conducted in the country as well as sonne 
recent debates regarding money, value 
and the action of signs; Immediately 
following - 5tIkIdu, MutIIetIons, MId 
1'runcRd Subjectlvldel: The AestIIetk 
01 cynIdsm In Contemporarr Central 
AlMrian Lltemure, Beatrlz Cortez, 
California State University, Northridge. 
The cynicism that characterizes the con-
temporary period of the Central American 
postwar can be interpreted as positive 
because it allows us to face the norms 
that the Central American societies place 
on the individual with irreverence, and 
to empower ourselves and obtain access 
to the realm of desire. Suicide, as an 
extreme way of escaping social normatlv-
ity, becomes the maximum act of cyni-
cism, the culminant act of irreverence 
against society and against oneself. 3:3()-

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 

5pm. Deutz Room, Copley lntematlonal 
Conference Center, lOA CompIex.lec1ures 
are free and open to the public. 

FRIJUNE9 
ARTS 

We o.nc.. Our DIncM. Bpm Sheila and 
Hughes Potlker Theater. 

SOCIAL EVENT 
SPLAT! WMermelon Drop' FettInI, Urey 
Hall & Revelle Plaza at 12 Noon - The 
OLDESTTRAOfTlON ilt UCSO! End of quar-
ter 88Q with plenty of free watermelon. 
activities and entertainment! Brought 
to you by Revelle Programming Board, 
Sponsored by RCC. 

ARTS 
We o.nc.. Our Danca, 2 and Bpm, Sheila 
and Hughes Potlker Theater. 

RECREATION 
V Iw Vendetta, starring Natalie Portman. 
shows at the PrIce Center Theater. 6 and 
9pm. Admission $3. 

SUNJUNE 11 
AIITS 

David Chise and the La JaIl s,.,honr 
IIIdCharw present Sonpol~ 
Bokom's ambitious setting of William 
BIake's complete Songs of Innocence and 
EKperience for soloists, multiple choral 
forces, and orchestrl Is considered by 
many as one of the premiere works of the 
20th century. 3pm at MandevIlle Center. 
Students $ 15, UCSO staff $20; GA $26. Box 
OffIce: 858-534-4637. 

WEEKLY 
ACADEMIC 

IIItIrnItIoMI c.N - The International 
Center Invites you to attend the 
International Ca~ on every Friday of the 
acadennk year (except for during Finals 
Week). Join us for a delicious home-
cooked I'III!iII and the company of stu-
dents and scholars from around the world 
all for $4,00. Lunch will be served from 
noon until 1:30pm on a first come. first 
served basis. If you have any questions. 
please emallLayliiatlayllkCPyahoo.com 

HULTH 
STUDENT HEALTH Is open to All regis-
tered students, regardless of health Insur-
ance status! Appointments can be sched-
uled online at http'J/studenthealth.ucsd. 
edu or call 534-8089. Same-day appoint-
ment for urgent needs; walk-In Urgent 
Care if you need Immedlatf care (some 
access fees apply). Hours: weekdays Sam-
4:30pm (Weds. 9-4:3Opm). 
....... ClInIc • Student Health - Routine 
male eJlams. STD checks, and sexual 
heahh services all available Mondays ... 
9:30am - NO CHARGE to reg. students! 
No appointment needed - just walk In to 
Student Heahh, 2nd floor, Health Ed Dept. 
More Information studenthealth.ucsd.edu 

"- Eduation Programs ilre provided 

FEATURED 

We Dance, 
OUf Dances 

WI DANCI. OUR DANCES, an 
annual favorite. This year's 
Spring Dance includes modem 
dance with a variety of different 
inspirations. Choreography by 
UCSD undergraduate dancers: 
Danielle Bodeau, Amanda Bean, 
Anthony Diaz. Amber Harner. 
Kevin Ho, Michelle Jempsa, 
Kristin Kirshner, Carrie Prince, 
Elly Sullivan, Natalia Valerdi, 
Donna Webb. Transitions by 
director Jean Isaacs. Sheila and 
Hughes Potiker Theater. SIO 

students, S12 UCSD staff, S15 GA. Box office: 858-534-4574. NT":II 
THIATRI.UCSD.IDU 

TN JUN 8, F JUN 9, SAT JUN 10 
Sheilia and Hughes Potlker Theater, 
June 8th" 9th at 8pm,June 10th at 2pm" Spm 

by Student Health Advocates on Nutrition. 
HlV, Fitness, Stress. Sexual Health " other 
topics. Call 534-1824 for Info on these 
FREE progrIm5! • 

................ - Confidential annual 
exams. SID tests. birth control, ECp, a!ld 
health education III It Student HNIth. 
Appts online or caR 534-8089. Some fees 
may apply. 
~tIV .... _ Student Health 
- no appt needed. Days and times on 
website under "Health Educatlon~ $ 10. fee 
Includes pre- and post-c:ounsellng with 
a peer educator. QuestIons? Cau a Heahh 
Educator.534-1824. 

NutrItIon eo-.IIIIt Is avellable for 
students at Student HNIth ServIce. One-
on-one appt with a Registered DIedtIon 
Includes a three-day computerized analy-
sis of your diet Make your appointment 
online or call (858) 534-8089. 
FIB WeIght ............. CInIc led by 
a dietitian and a physiclen. Meets ~ 
Thursday at 3:00pm In the Student Health 
Conference Room, 1st floor, no iippOInt-
ment needed!. 
OIDIII,.01 ~ at Student Heahh 
for registered students! This test mea-
sures totill cholesterol. HOL. LOl and 
Triglycerides. and requires 12 hour fasting. 
Immediate results! Sign up online. Fee 
$15.00. Call (858) 534-1824 with ques-
tions. 

RELIGIOUS 

ExperIence CIIwdI DIfhrantIr 5ervIc:es 
Sundays 11 am In the International Center. 

www.ExperlenceChurchDlfferently.com 

UPCOMING 
COMMINCEMENT 

SCHIDULI 

SAT JUNE 17 
Thurgood MIl'Shail College. 8:30am. 
RlMACReid 
Muir CoIege, 3pm. RiMAe Field 
SUN JUNE 1. 
Warren College. 8:30 am. RIMAe Field 

~ College. loam. RIMAe Arena 
Gradllilte Studies, 2pm, RIMAe Aret'\iI 
Revelle College. 2:30pm RIMAe Field 
MONJUNE1t 
Eleanor Roosevelt College. lOam. RIMAe 
Field 

THURS JUNE 21 
SPICIAL EVENT 

CIIMciIIIar ..,. Anne ,. will hold an 
'unscrlpted" one-hour , .... HIlI ...... 
.... fir UCSD ItI1If ....... to provide 
updiites on campus progress and dlKUSS 
the Issues we face. The formet for the Town 
Hall meetings will Include a brief overview 
of campus Initiatives before a question-
and-answer session. 12 Noon-l pm at the 
Eucalyptus Point Conference Center. 

LAST CAMPUS CALENDAR PAGE OF TH IS YEAR! You (AN list U(SD campus or department events 
on our web site over the summer. Email to ucsdcalendar Clyahoo.com at least a week before the event. 

You can also list campus events on U(SD's campus web site- just go to calendar.ucsd.edu 
HAVE A GREAT SUMMER! NEXT ISSUE OF THE GUARDIAN: TUESDAY, SEPT. 19th 

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2O!J6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Theater Students Learn the Art of Compromise 
.. PlAYHOUSE, from page 8 
atre and dance department, plans 
resumed and an 1983, almost 30 years 
after the original idea, the theater 
was established. Today, the La Jolla 
Playhouse is made up of the Mandell 
Weiss Theatre, the Mandell Weiss 
Forum, the Sheila Hughes Potiter 
Theatre and the Mandell Weiss 
Forum Studio. 

With the completion of a theater, a 
unique relationship was born, where 
the department's graduate students 
in design, stage management, direct-
ing and acting are able to partici-
pate in professional productions and 
receive their residencies with the La 
Jolla Playhouse. The two also share 
facilities and a joint technical st~ff. 
Maintenance is provided by UCSD, 
while the Playhouse has helped raise 
money for past facility constructions. 

Similar setups can be found in 
other universities, but none where a 
professional theater and a university 
department act in such close partner-
ship but still maintain independence 
from each other with completely sep-
arate administrative staffs. 

The partnership between the two, 
brings with it a negative side along 
with the benefits. However, La Jolla 
Playhouse Director of Operations 
Ellery Brown said that both entities 
are able to work seamlessly together 
with communication and forward 
planning. 

"Neil her organization could 
ever afford to staff year-round, and 
by sharing, they keep everyone 
employed;' Brown said. 

But with the department produc-
ing 10 shows during the academic 
year and the Playhouse producing six 
main-stage shows, what arises is the 
question of whether there is enough 
space to go around 

·On the downside, there is the 
space and the overproducing that two 
companies can do that can lead to 
some scheduUng issues," Maltby said. 

Space allocation for the facili-
ties has changed dramatically from 
the original agreement and vision 
of the original theater. According to 
an agreement in 1977, the university 
was intended to have the space all 
year with the La jolla Playhouse only 
producing in the summer. 

In the latest agreement, however, 
the university has the use of the Weiss 
Theatre during the winter quarter and 
the Playhouse throughout the rest 
of the year. The department and the 
Playhouse also take turns in the Forum 
Theater, the Potiker Theatre, rehearsal 

spaces, Galbraith hall classrooms and 
shop spaces. 

Brown said that the newest 
addition, the Jacobs Center, which 
includes the Potiker and additional 
rehearsal spaces, was opened last year 
and is designed to allow for more flex-
ibility in space arrangements between 
the university and the Playhouse. 

"Another benefit of the new space 
is the Playhouse's ability to schedule 
a production during the winter time 
period when we are normally dormant, 
giving us more of a year-round pres-
ence in the community," Brown said. 

Because of the multiple produc-
tions coming out of both the the-
atre department and the Playhouse, 
some say that student productions 
can sometimes take a backseat to the 
profeSSional productions. 

Scene design graduate student 
Steven Kemp recaUs one time during 
the past year when the building of cer-
tain set pieces for a student show was 
delayed since Playhouse staff was busy 
with other productiollfo. Kemp said that 
there is a "large strain" on the shops, 
where set pieces, props and costumes 
are created, as both the Playhouse and 
students are putting on productions 
at the same time. When that happens, 
Kemp Said, that's when students have 
to go through negotiations and com-
promise with the staff. 

"As much as we're treated as pro-
fessionals, we're still just students; 
Kemp said. "But in the ' real world, 
that's what happens. Shows get backed 
up and [making compromises] is still 
part of the education." 

Former stage management 
graduate student Alexis Olsen also 
observed that the joint staff does not 
seem to have the same downtime as 
others would get in another theater. 
Olsen said during that "dark period." 
employees usually take much-needed 
vacations and production is at a mini-
mum or stopped altogether. 

"There is no such break for the 
Playhousc/UCSD joint staff," Olsen 
said. "They work long hours year-
round and sornetimes they pull double 
duty building shows for the Playhouse 
and UCSD at the same time. When 
that happens, it can be a tug-of-war to 
see who gets the resources they need. 
Sometimes the students 10SC:' 

But both Olsen and Kemp say that 
working at the Playhouse has given 
them valuable experiences. 

"It's exciting to draw plans, bring it 
over to the staff, share ideas and have 
those ideas executed." Kemp said. 

As part of the upside, students in 

the Master of Fine Arts programs 
for scene design. stage management, 
acting and directing can take their 
residencies or professional train -
ing through the La Jolla Playhouse. 
Actors can take part in profession-
a� productions and are gi ven roles 
while directors, stage management 
and design students take positions as 
assistants with profeSSionals working 
for the production. 

Both Olsen and Kemp spoke about 
being able to travel to New York and 
work with renowned theater profes-
sionals in set design and stage manage-
ment. These experiences have allowed 
them to develop relationships with 
the professionals that could eventually 
lead to future work. 

Those at the Playhouse have also 
seen the value in working with UCSD 
students. 

"Having the UCSD graduate stu-
dent designers and actors working on 
our productions alongSide profession -
als is inspiring," La jolla Playhouse 
Associate Artistic Director Shirley 
Fishman said. "They all come into 
their work at the Playhouse with a 
commitment to learn and attain the 
level of expertise, creativity and pro-
fessionalism of the pros." 

According to department Chair 
Charlie Oates, the reputation of 
both the La Jolla Playhouse and the 
deparlment h~ helped in recruit -
ing students into the graduate pro -
grams. 

"It's really part of an ancient rela-
tionship, when students learn directly 
from actors and playwrights, design -
ers through apprenticeships," Oates 
said. 

Both the Playhouse and the theatre 
and dance department have received 
national acclaim. The Playhouse has 
successfully seen several of its produc-
tions go on to Broadway, including 
Jersey Boys and I Am My Own Wife. 
Meanwhile, UCSD's theatre and dance 
department was ranked as the third-
best graduate program in the country 
according to u.s. News anll World 
Report. 

As both entities continue to grow 
in national prestige, each recognizes 
the need to learn from one anoth!'r. 

"The life of the arts institution is 
orgariic;' La Jolla Playhouse produc-
tion manager Peter J. Davis said. 
"We adapt, we grow, we adjust, ... 
Both institutions have gone through 
a lot, made some mistakes, learned 
a few hard lessons and, I like to 
believe, gotten a little bit better at 
what we do:' 

CAUDS 
FOR wrqg 
~~ 

9~9~1\)\\lIS STUDENT DISCOUNT EVERYDAY! I ~~9~lU\\1I~ GET A PIZZA FREE! 
I 

One Large One TOPPing Pizza I 
I 
I 

Buy One, Get One FREE $7.99 
Umlted dot_, ... -001_, Chili. "'IY APIJIr. P .. PIID f1 mont. 

VIIId __ 10 roquInod. No ........... tho _ . Yau ......... "" thl. 
_ whon .......... Not •• 111 will .. __ • CuIt_PlP.1 

1fIIIII1c __ ta. _ only • so CIIUIIIy p .... JolIn'. PilD St .... 

1_-....... ,.... .................. • .... I 
......... P .. PIID $1 more. Umlted delivery ... - OeIlvwy CIIa',. 

EqIINe 12/./01. 

I M8y Apply. Not valid wlh any oUII( offw. Cutt_ 118)" all IfIIIIIlcIble I I .... ta. Valid only lit so county P..,. John'. PllllI Slores. I 
~12/30/08 

~~~~ltl\\lI~ PIZZA PARTY! : ?~9~lU\\lIS HIRING DRIVERS! 
I 
I 
I 
I 

TWO LARGE 
Two Topping 

PIZZAS 

I $18.99: 
I Umlted dellvwy -. Delivery cnaraes M8y Apply. Pili PilD S1 mont·1 

Not valid win any other offer. Cull_ pay. III appiiclble 1IIe. \ .... 1 I Valid only III SO County PIPII JolIn'. PiZZI SlOI8I. 
ExpINe 12/10/01. 
----------

Earn up to 
$14/hr. (hourly + tips) 

Call or stop by Pa.,. John'. at UTe 
4130 La Jolla Village Drive III 411 II .. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

FOCUS 11 

STUDENT 
Plan ahead for summer. 

Store your things with us. 

Student Discounts 
1/2 OFF FIRST TWO MONTHS'" 

on already lowered rates 
on selected sizes 

*Month to Month. R • .eIY. Nowl 

~STORAGE~ 
9434 Kearny Mesa Rd. 
~~ San Diego, CA 92126 
C-~ (858)693-1717 

Four years of studying 
16 months of worry time 

400 Ibs of books 
1 hard drive, 1 broken heart 
5 super size bottles of aspirin 

2 months worth of sleepless nights (studying) 
Countless numbers of sleepless nights (not studying) 

More cold pizza than you will have 
for the rest of JOur life, 

and now you're supposed to put your 
best face forward as you step into the future ••• 

Does that face have glasses on itl 
You've earned it... 

get LASIK! 
UCSD SHILEY EYE CENTER 
David Schanzlin. M.D. 

HAVE YOUR 
PROCEDURE BEFORE 

THE SEMESTER ENDS & 
SAVE SlOO! 

877.921. EYES c;JJ ShileyLasik.com 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

IF YOU LIST IT 
THEYW.'~L COME 

~CLASSIFIEDS 
EMPLOYMENT 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$72~_$1050 hourty 
c.nJacki 

(858)565-2144 
Attorney Aide: Disabled female attorney 
needs part time assistance (Tuesdays 
and Thursdays) to assist at office. Hours 
are 8:15am-7:00pm (plus additional 
overtime). Duties include typing, filing, 
word processing, occasional bookkeep-
ing, assistance at court, good grammar 
and punctuation skills, knowledge of 
Microsoft Office, good handwriting and 
the ability to stand for long periods of 
time. Requires the ability to drive a van 
with an automatic transmission. Must 
have good driving record. Candidates 
must pass a grammar, spelling, punctua-
tion and typing test plus a background 
check. Please send resume to: Human 
Resources, DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary 
US LLP, 401 B Street, Suite #1700, San 
Diego, CA 92101 or email to maureen. 
walker@dlapiper.com (6/8) 

Part-time Assistant / House help. $10 
per hour. Call if you have any free after-
noons. 858-663-6746. (6/8) 

Small restaurant, La Jolla Shores, hir-

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 Approaching venical 
6 Praise highly 
11 Incidentally. in brief 
14 Edmonton slcaler 
15 Come 10 an end 
16 Notable period 
17 Endure punishment 
20 Taboo 
21 0rI0p or poop 
22 Corrupt c<lpS 
29 ~ 
30 Scull propeller 
31 Hi.r-spted computer line 
32 Noo""""'" stretch 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~IAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guo,dlan reserws the right to classify, edit. delete offenstve words and phirses, 
and/or refU5C! any and all adwrtlsements without prlOf notification. The Adwrtls« wi. not 
hold the Guardian IIMlIe for any claims resuitlng from the publication of the adwrtlset'nent. 
The publisher will .150 not be held accountable for any claim frOfn an agreement made 
between the advertls« and the consumet'o 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 

r~ular issue, all erron must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
....... Mnd a" ~.reprdlngOauifledt to: 
UCSD GUMdIan, Attn: C1auIfIeds,'5OO Gil ...... DrIve 10'1" La Jolla. CA '209'_ 
Aduallocatlon: Student c_ ... A. Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per 20 ... 
Faculty & Staff; $7.50 per 20 __ 

All others: $12 per 20 --.Is 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20 •• per column Inch 
Deadlines: 

Pub. Dot. DtspIoy Ads line Ads 

-. ...... MOfI1... • ..... MOfI1 ... 
Thu... • ..... TH 1 ... • ..... TH 1 wit 

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 

5J4.3466 Of tMNIU adsOocsdguardlan. 
019_(618) 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000-$1 SOOO for qualified, 
responsible applicants. All ethnk back· 
grounds wekome. SpecIal Need for 
Jewish, AsIan, and Em Indian donors. 

. Close personal support by experienced 
donor. Cau Dawn @ 951~7466. Full 
Info at www.fertilltyalternatlves.com 
(618) 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21 -26, call 552-
8585 ex. 5590. (618) 

ing Cashiers, ~ounter help, full or pit 744-7946. (618) 
$7.50-9.00/ hr. Flexible hours. We train, -------------
start now or after finals. Leave message. 
Kevin 858-273-8623. (6/8) 

Summer Jobs! Help Elect Dems in 
'06, $ 1400-25OO/month. Work with 
Grassroots Campaigns, Inc on behalf of 

Movers - great pay + tips, FT /PT, close to 
UCSD, no experience necessary, great 
job for summer and now. 858-689-2525, 
http://www.prioritymoving.com/appli-
cation.htm (6/5) 

the National Democratic Party to beat The FlAME tROlLER ..... you. Part 
the GOP this fall. time work starting at $8.S0/hour. 

Internship/FT/Career, Los Angeles 310-
441-1712 Ask for Jessie, Say Area 51 0-
848-1754 Ask for Mel (6/8) 

Interns Wanted: The EO Wilson 
Biodiversity Foundation is a start-up 
nonprofit organization that implements 
Innovative programs to preserve biolog-
ical diversity through science, business 
and education. We need volunteers that 
are interested in biodiversity conser-
vation and supporting the launch of 
this nonprofit organization. To receive 
information or apply please contact Leif 
Christoffersen at 858-353-3830 or send 
an email to leif@eowilson.org. (6/8) 

Fun part time event and game staff 
needed. Interactive game rental com-
pany for corporate parties and events. 
Fun working environment, will train. 
858-622-6613 www.partypals.com (6/8) 

Swim instructors $ 11 -$ 17 per hour. San 
Diego 858-273-7946. North County 760-

33 CAlrtain VCRs 
36 Spa", nore 
42 Brolhers of the Ki nits 
43 Sptead in a tub 
44 Powenul ruler: abbr. 
47 Military address? 
4B E.-i"", 
50 looks "JIlin 
S4 l""ln and Genhwin 
55 An( time now 
56 Unconditional ultimo""" 
64 Flamenco fan'. call 
65 Y, oomdimes 
66 Appmoclmo~ 
67 Hilf/1e5la"'" 

Responsibilities vary, friendly atmo-
sphere, positive attitude a must! Please 
call 858-587-8989 or stop by (U ViII. Ctr. 
next to Rubio's) (6/8) " 

Summer internship! Hiring enthusiastic 
problem solvers! Travel to the east Coast, 
make $5,000 plus invaluable real-world 
experience. Call May Wang, (909) 215-
8932. (6/5) 

Looking for a summer job? Salesclerk 
positions available at local flower shop. 
No experience needed. Call 858-622-
9999 for details. (6/8) 

$ 13 per hour + mileage. Pen mac is hiring 
canvassers for political grassroots work. 
Must be 18, no felonies, a registered 
voter and have own transportation. 
Need good communication skills and a 
professional appearance. FT & PT flexible 
hours. Monday-Friday 1 pm to 9pm and 
Saturday 11 am tp 7pm. Contact Nancy 
Riggs at 877-473-6622 or David Vldosk 
at 619-788-9314. (6/5) 

68 
69 

Dance parts 
Rarin' 10 go 

DOWN 
1 Drunkard 
2 Actress Carrere 
3 Member 01 a fr.J temal order 
4 Very wide shoe 
5 Charming man? 
6 Bargain model: pref. 
7 At no. 54 . 
8 Make lace 

• 9 Gty southwest 01 Frunze 
10 Actor Marvin 
11 Guillotine 
12 Deceptive acts 
13 Rotary ensine name 
18 On one's _ (alert) 
19 Sumner In in OIicago 
22 B ..... the heavily 
23 Concert hall. 
24 Security device 
25 Riled 
26 Tennille and 8raxton 
27 "Airplanel" star Robert 
28 Switch ending 
33 Veep Agnew 
34 "a.ances _" (Mathis hit) 
3S POIker's nose 
37 Shuttle grp. 
38 "Ars Amatori. " poet 
39 lohengrin's love 
40 Foul the ai r 
41 Painful 
44 Paper chief 
45 Esprit de c""" 
46 Reoched a zenith 
48 Bumbalm -
49 "Dennis the " 
51 112.5 ~fromW 
52 Member of CortI-
53 CotIon cap!Ules 
57 ER hookups 
58 little one 
59 Have. tab 
60 Routing word 
61 WOIk unit 
62 ainch 
63 Black IJOO 

Find crosswords solutions at 
www.ucs4pGnlitm.orglcrossword 

Childcare/ House chores- Del Mar. 
Mon 1 pm-9pm, Tue/Thurs 6pm-9pm. 
Energetk, responsible, loving person for 
4 + 6 yr. old. experience required. Brenda 
858-481-5459/858-361-3981 . (6/5) 

FOR RENT 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING •••. ~ 

STUDENT 
HOUSING 
LA JOLLA-
STARTING 

FROM THE lOW 
$o4OO,OOOs. 

1liE1rGu.wIAN CLASSIFIEDS 
TOWN HOME for rent: 3BR, 2.5BA, 1600 
SQ. FT. available September 1, $2375. 
Near Costa Verde, UCSD busline. All 
appliances. Quiet. call Dee to see at 
858-454-6462. (6/8) 

LA JOLLA FURNISHED ROOM in town-
house near UCSD and bus. Utilities pro-
vided, kitchen privileges. Gr~uate and 
post-doctorate preferred 5700. 858-450-
6935. Available now. (618) 

Duplex Genesee/Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
2-bed, I-bath, garage, frontlback yard. 
10 min. drive to UCSD, close to 411150 
bus, available 7/1/06. James 858-736-
7495. (6/8) 

Summer renUIs CM be nst.d online In 
the Guardlanl S 12, 20 words. Call 858-

Help needed on teaching computer 
hardware, basic networking to 7th and 
4th grade chlidren. S 1000r, 2 hours each 
day, 3-4 days/week, flexible. Durga. 
ranlOmitchell.com, 619-804-1990. (6/8) 

SERVICES 

$300 OFFI Get LASIK by the finest pr0-
fessionals at UCSO's ShIley Eye Center. 
Call by the end of this spring quarter 
and receive $300 off the cost o~ your 
procedure. What a great way to face 
your bright futurerS"- tZ1-EYlS. (6/8) 

PERSONALS 

Talk UC San Diego sports on the web at 
www.tritonfans.com (6/8) 

ActM.n's MoM Trivia, CirIcIuMIon ICIJ. 
don. Burros! Who toid Lou Diamond 
Phillips' character, "I'll snap your neck. 
like a pencil?" Email mfoulks@ucsd.edu 
with the correct answer and you'll get a 
very sincere "Good luck on finals" from 
the great one. (615) 

Victoria Principal and her rich, plastic 
surgeon husband Harry Glassman have 
spilt up. She got the Mercedes and the 
summer home in the Hamptons, he got 
the breasts and nose. (615) 

Master Criminal Series: a 58-year oid 
unemployed man went into a Tokyo 
bank and asked "any idea how to rob a 
bank?" He was asked to leave, whkh he 
did while accidentally stabbing himself 
in the leg with hIs own knife. (6/8) 

I THE~GUARDIAN~rUP£Nr : stJRVIVAr .. fUIPE 
Watch for info and ad rates at 

www.ucsdguardltln.or, 
in the next few weeks 

J 

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

editor'soapbox------
The Incoming Editor-in-Chief Says Hello 

By Heather Welles 
COpy EDITOR 

One day I woke up, and the 
Guardian was my life. 

You(l think it would be more 
gradual than that, but it wasn't. 
The office transformed from a 
place J went to a couple of times 
a week to read copy into a subtle 
yet powerful whirlpool, pulling 
every minute of my former spare 
time into it. My boyfriend, Kyle, 
began to wonder why I was never 
home. My best friend from my 
hometown became curious as 10 
why I was at work when she 
called at 12:30 a.m. Such is the 
life of a Guardian editor - but I 
wouldn't trade it for any1hing. 

I was involved in journalism 
in high school and loved it. We 
spenl afternoons and weekends 
together holed up in the journal-
ism room (we painted il red one 
Saturday on a whim) producing 
our paper, which was actually 
fairly decent for a high school. 
The feeling of community was 
amazing, and we always had such 
a good time hanging oul togeth-
er. Yel as much as I enjoyed it, 
I somehow managed to forgel 
exactly how anchored the paper 
made me feel by the time I arrived 
at UCSD. 

I began working for the 
Guardian as a copy reader when 
I was a freshman, but I never 
really got involved with the social 
aspect of the staff. All of the 
upperc1usmen in their editors' 
clique intimidated me, and since 
I was only in the office during 

the beginning part of production, 
no one really talked to me besides 
Mather and Grant (when they 
were there) and GKUe, who will 
always hold a special place in my 
heart for doing so. 

My sophomore year, I decided 
to step up 10 copy editor, the 
position I have held for the past 
two years. But even though, tech -
nically, I've been doing the same 
thing, the two years have been 
worlds apart from one another. 
The first year I came in, read the 

¥ "mend began 
to wonder why I 

was never home .... 
Such is the life of a 
Guardian editor?' 

stories and left again as soon as I 
was finished. I didn't know many 
people on the staff that well, and 
I didn't really go to the parties or 
the other things that the Guardian 
staff does together. 

Then this year, I woke up. ] 
realized how much I loved work-
ing with a staff and that I had 
the opportunity to do it again. I 
started hanging out with the staff 
more often. I went on the annual 
Vegas trip, and witnessed enough 
entertaining moments to wish 
I had gone every year. I began 
staying later for production and 
spending more time with other 
staff members outside of work. 

Then people started buzzing 
about who would take over for 
Grant next year. I knew that Vlad 
was in my class, so I had always 
assumed he would become edi-
tor, until I found out that he was 
graduating early . 

All of a sudden, with almost 
all of the editors and associate 
editors graduating next year, [ 
had an opportunity to run for this 
position, and I decided to take it. 
The transition process has been 
grueling, but I've learned a lot in 
the months I've spent shadow-
ing Grant and Vlad and Ian, the 
current managing editors, and I 
have gained so much respect for 
them and the job they have done 
this year. 

I promise to do the absolute 
best job I can as editor next year, 
and if I'm lucky, Kyle won't forget 
I exist. 

Grant, you'll be a tough act to 
follow, especially Vladless. You 
set an unprecedented example for 
time commitment and level of 
involvement with the staff, and r 
hope I can follow it. 

Vlad and lan, I respect both of 
you so much. Ian, hopefully you'll 
have time to stop by the office 
every once in a while in between 
your hard-hitting news coverage, 
and Vlad, enjoy Chicago. We all 
know you'll kick ass. 

Charles and Andrew, we're 
going to make a great team next 
year. Everyone else on the new 
Executive Board, I'm looking for-
ward to working with all of you 
so much, and I'm excited to see 
what we can accomplish. 

~~ 
.... nI".w: FOX, Chancellor 

FOCUS 13 

Learn about a new way 

rcolle 

Student Securities 
SKurlng ,our futur •. 

www.studentsecurities.com 

REGENTS Free salad, Free appetizer 
plzzena 
e><::::> Order any extra large pizza and get 

a free house salad and a free appe-
tizer. So come in and get free stuff 
and the best pizza in La Jolla. 

Get.6u • ..w .... 6u ippdizawithme 
ptadIue -lIYaIII-iIrF pizza (or iIrF CIqu). 

I u.a ODe per,-.. VUid tiD 6/01106. Dioe-in oaIy. I 
----------------~ 41~ RegIa PIt lOr 1110, lJ .iii 12 lim IDMI tan EiIsiii 1m e.,IIs 111111£ Qrre-d La.iil VIage a. III R2gri; rd. 

adst 
UCsDEvents 

TRAVEL SUP 
BUYACONDO 
DOMINO'S PIZZA 
PALOOZA 



14 SPORTS 

,-----------

BIBNDAAoAMS : 
!at .......... I 

I 
I . 

(ustrHnB s.~ 

SUMMER 
WORK 

Pay starting at 
$1725 aaH/Appt 
Flexible schedules, will 
train, conditions apply, 
no expo req., all majors. 
Openings in La Jolla. 

Apply at 
www.worldomud~nts.com 

760-942-1223 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus1 
Tell Your pQrents to Buy Q 

Condo for Youl 
, WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ••• 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
' .. . your parents con write off thelnternr on the mongagel 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Flnurrf!o/rorohQrmol/.com • www.cbco/lfornlo.com/robin 

1IusIness,.. Sale 
Pet SItting/Dog Walking 

cats .... Dogs 
IIIrtII c..lt 

14.-n1ll "'7 II 
bt .......... a:, ... 
S31 ..... c.IIT ... 

CIII_ ..... 1ebIIIs: 151-5l1-1Z51 

GRADUATES: 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY. JUNE 5. 2006 

Yanks Enter Cup Under Highest Expectations 
• cup, from page 1 6 
Football Association World Cup is a 
monthlong tournament with 32 teams 
representing six geographkal regions. 
The tournament, which begins in 
Germany in less than a week. is actu-
ally the final tournament in a com-
petition that began more than two 
years ago. Over 200 member nations of 
FIFA, world soccer's governing body, 
dwir\dle down to 32 through a series of 
qualifying games within their respec-
tive region. Simply surviving this qual-
ification process is a triumph itself. 

What is commonly known as the 
"World Cup" is the fmal townament 
in the competition. The 32 surviving 
teams are divided into eight four·team 
groups in the group stage. Half of the 
teams are eliminated after only three 
games. Getting past the group stage 
is no guarantee; France, the reign-
ing world champion heading into the 
World Cup in 2002, was sent home 
after three games, failing to score a 
single goal in the process. 

Bya stroke of grave misfortune, the 
U.S. team is drawn into Group E with 
the Czech Republic, Italy and Ghana, 

widely considered one of the toughest 
groups in the tournament. The Czech 
Republic's attack is considered one 
of the world's best while the talented 
Italians are one of the favorites to win 
the tournament World Cup rookie 
Ghana cannot be overlooked; they 
qualified ahead of 2010 host South 
Africa, giving up only 4 goals in 10 
qualifying games. 

The mere thought of dealing with 
the offensive talents of Czechs Pavel 
Nedved, Milan Baros and Jan Koller 
and Italians Francesco Totti, Alberto 
Gilardino and Luca Toni would give 
any defender nightmares. On the other 
end of the field, don't count on scor-
ing many goals against world -class 
netminders Petr Cech and Gianluigi 
Buffon of the Czech Republic and Italy, 
respectively. Ghana's Michael Essien, a 
physically dominant midfield destroy-
er nicknamed the "Bison," will wreck 
havoc with the US. midfield. Even 
with a side as talented and motivated 
as the United States, advancing from 
this group will not be an easy task. 
And it gets worse. If the Americans 
somehow manage to get out of the 

tough group alive, finishing second in 
the group willlikrly earn them a date 
with soccer powerhouse Brazil in the 
knockout rounds. Score! 

This year's squad is more complete 
and experienced than the one that 
made a surprising quarterfinal run in 
2002. But reaching the quarterfinals 
is not the starting point; it's a goal 
to. strive for. By no means should we 
automatically expect this year's team 
to better that feat. The World Cup is so 
much more than just about winning or 
losing: It's about proudly representing 
your country on the biggest stage in 
the world_ It's about screaming your 
lungs out and cheering on our country 
side-by-side with complete strangers. 
No matter how far Donovan, Keller, 
Reyna and Co. advance, the U.S. 
team is making strides by helping 
the sport of soccer gain the recogni-
tion it deserves on American soil. So, 
whether the United States exits after 
the first round or takes a run deep 
into the tournament, I will be cheer-
ing for a squad that is fighting not just 
for a trophy, but for respect at home, 
as well. 

Badgers Prematurely Cut Squids' Season Short 
~ ULTIMATE, from page 16 
lead. Michigan answered with a run of 
its own and took an 8·6 lead into the 
half. The second half stayed close with 
both teams eventually tied at 13· 13, but 
the Air Squids proved to be the more 
determined competitors by closing the 
game out with two straight scores by 
Darrouzet -Nardi. The star player fin -
ished with seven goals, two assists, 
three defenses and no turnovers. 

"IDarrouzet-Nardi) was a stud that 
game and was a huge reason why we 
pulled out the win." Bunn said. 

Graduate student Mike Oesterle, 
added strong play to the Air Squids' 
arsenal, matching up against Michigan 

best player. 
"[Oesterle) was huge for us because 

he really got our deep passing attack 
going and played solid defense." senior 
Matt Parisi said. 

With the win, the Air Squids earned 
the right to playa talented squad from 
the University of Wisconsin in the 
quarterfinals. Wisconsin proved to be 
too powerful for UCSD this year, how-
ever, and easily scored an easy 15-5 
win. 

After the game, senior handler 
Quinn Kennett said he was impressed 
with Wisconsin's play. 

"They had a good game plan, solid 
depth and played with high intensity;' 

he said 
Bunn blamed part of the loss on 

exhaustion from the earlier matches. 
"We had a lot of injuries coming in 

and our core rotation was exhausted 
from playing so many close matches," 
he said. 

The Air Squids were unable to 
match their third.place finish from 
last year, coming in fifth. Kennett said 
that UCSD earned' a lot of respect 
across the nation this season with its 
team play and high intensity. 

"We had a really strong season 
this year and definitely laid the foun-
dations to be a strong program for 
years to come." he said. 

A Message from the UCSD FINANCIAL AID OFFICE 

Attention Student & Parent Borro",ers: 

a ea'N' IIftn " ..... ,.. wUl pro"" 6IICcess, 
ad"lIIIc~",~"t, l1li(/- of.."q,! 

Save Money By 
Consolidating 
Student Loan Debt LOOK NO FURTHER!!! 

LeasiRg CorporatioR, a subsidiary orCalifonlia 
al Blncorp (NASDAQ: CFNB) is lookia. for .. rd 

motivated Account Executives to deliver resalta at 
its IrviRe, Califonia budqaarten. 

.tstandllig opportaaity for personal. drive •• loaF-
,,: .. ~ .... I ... to jola forces witb a respected luder ia tile 

cOIDBlercial fina.ce i.dD.try. 

lI,n4In/t,jlexlbk sell_In, baejils, 4011{, CtlIIIp riltfe 
weN III bollUS •• 4 co ... "". poIelflllll. 

Consolidation Deadline: Junl 30, 2006 

Act now to lock in low interest rates by consolidating 
your student loan debt. 

Student loan interest rates will rise from 4.7% to 6.8% on July 1. 
Consolidating at a fixed low interest rate now may result in huge 

savings to you. 

Attend a UCSD Consolidation Workshop 
Price Center Gallery A 

Wednesday, June 7 
10:00 AM - 11:00 AM 
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM 
2:00 PM - 3:00 PM 

Thursday, June 8 
10:00 AM -11:00 AM 
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM 
2:00 PM - 3:00 PM 

Visit http:lHao.ucsd.edu and click on Breaking News for more 
information on student loan consolidation. 

J 

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

A_ three (3) months after the Issue date In which the card Is Issued. Spy Hunter: Nowhere to Run courtesy of Midway Home Entertainment. Inc. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. 
VISA ~~ Open to IIgIIl U.s. residents of the stItIS 0/ AR. CA. CT. Il. IN. KS. MI. MO. NV. OH. OK. TX and WI. 18 or older as of 4/24/06. Sweepstakes period begins at 12:01 a.m. COT on 4/24/06 and 
VOID • 6/30,106. ElIgIble enIrtI1tS may enter online lit attcan/u or by mailing a 3" x 5" card hand-prtnted with entrant's name, complete address, telephone runbel' and the words "AT&T Digital 
=: ~:~COT ~ In III IIMIope WIth first-class postage to "AT&T DIgItal Makeover Sweepstakes Entry;" P.O. 80K 206. MHan. Il61264'()206 postmarked by 6/30106 and received by 7/11106. WInnet'S 
wi! be ~ In • random drwIIng condut:tId on or around 711"106. One (1) grand prtze and 500 ftm prizes wi! be 1W1II'ded. Grn prize Is a home electronics package (approldmate retail value: S10,OOO~ First 

$100 VISA gIft ani. Odds 0/ WInI*'!I • p!IZ8 ~ upon the mtaI runber of eligible entries receMId. Smapstabs subject to offIcIIIl rules at att.comIu or avaIlable by maIlng a self-addressed. stamped 
:::.:: to -AliT DIgItal MIMcwa' ~Iepstakes 0IIIdIt RuIes," P.O. ac. 206, MIan, Il61264-o206. Sponsor. AliT Opetatioll5, Inc.. 175 E. Houston St. San AntonIo. TX 78205. FOR DETAILS OF AODITIONAl CHARGES, 
AESnIICTIONS AND REQUIAEMENTS CAll 1-888-288-9025 TOll·FREE OR VISIT Itt.CXIrn/OffIr sac. the sec logos and DIhef ~ procKt and seMce names Ire the trademerks and/or regIs1eIed tredemertIs 
0/ ATIT Knowledge Ventures. All * brInd names may be 1ICdn.a1ts or teglDed trademIrks 0/ their ntSpIdIve owners. 02006 AliT KlIOIMdJIe YInIunIs. AI rtgIIts..-wel. 

• I 

-



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rae! EnLten 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

THE-i.GuARoIAN 

SPORTS 
MONDAY, JUNE 5, 2006 

HOT CORNER 

Flynn laRochelle 
Women's Water Polo 

senior driver earned ESPN the Magazine's 
Academic All-America Women's At-urge All-

District VIII First Team honors with a 3.93 
GPA and 20 17 assists and 44 steals. 

The UitiDtate .Sport 
Air Squids fight hard but stay 
grounded in Ultimate Players 
Association Open Quarterfinals 

.. GREG DALE/GUARDIAN 
Graduale studrnt Mih 0IfIr/e~ high-f/ying m~ and sophomore GeurQI Lim', tJforts (right) were not enough to htIp the Air Squids, who azme from behind throughout the UPA ~ ClIampionships but foll to Wisronain in the quarterjinalI. 

By Brent Wtstcott 
C O NTRIBUTING WRITER 

Collegiate athlc:tic teams around 
the nation have some outlandish mas-
cots. UC Santa Cruz is home to the 
"mighty" Banana Slugs, UC irvine 
ca lls upon the "powerful" Anteaters 
10 defend its name and the University 
of Southern Illinois is . home to an 
ugly dog called a Saluki. 

But Ihe UCSD Men's Ultimate 
learn has a mascot that puts all oth-
ers to shame: the Air Squids. With 
the Squids in their comer, the team 
looked to finish out its season with 
a bang al the Ultimate Players 
Association Open Championships in 
Columbus, Ohio May 26 to 28. 

The Squids started the tournament 

with a match.., .,.inst the University 
of Oregon, wbii:b came out firing and 
took an early 3-0 lead in the race to 
15 points. The Squids refused to quit 
and stormed back at the end of the 
match by employing a force middle 
defense formation that flustered the 
competition. In the end, Oregon was 
still able to make the right adjust-
ments and won the match 15-13. 
Senior cutter Adam Buon blamed the 
loss partially on UCSD's inability to 
throw deep passes. 

"We came out slow and the windy 
condjtions stopped us from throw-
ing solid hucks downfield for scores," 
Bunn said. 

The Air Squids lost a close first 
match, but their most heartbreaking 
loss of the tournament came in the 

second round of pool play against 
the University of Georgia. The match 
was again extremely dose, with both 
teams trading points early. Georgia 
took a late 10-7 lead, but the Air 
Squids responded with a flurry until 
the match was tied at 14 apiece. UCSD 
thought that it had won the match 
when senior cutter Matt Anderson 
threw the disc into the end zone, 
but one referee called Anderson for 
a "stall," an infraction in which a 
player holds the disc longer than the 
aIlotted 10 seconds. The turnover 
aIlowed Georgia to make an incred-
ible 30-yard pass to Brian lnkrot, who 
was able to keep his feet in bounds 
in the end zone, giving the Bulldogs 
the 15-14 victory. Senior cutter Chris 
Darrouzet-Nardi attributed the loss 

to sloppy play and unforced turn-
overs. 

·We were two very sUnilar tearns 
and we had our opportunities to win 
the match," he said ·We just made 
one more turnover than them:' 

After suffering two tough losses, 
the Air Squids tried to stay in the 
winner's bracket with a win against 
Brown University, last year's cham-
pions that beat the Squids. UCSD 
started slowly for the third match 
in a row, but this time it was able 
to stay close and eventuaIly over-
take Brown, securing a 15-12 win. 
The Squids were pleased with their 
win, but thought they could have 
played much better against an infe-
rior Brown squad. 

"We got the win, but it was a much 

closer game than it shourd have been 
considering how we bat them earlier 
in the season,- Darrouzet-Nardi said 

With. record of I -lin pool play, 
the Squids were forced into a play-in 
round where they faced Michisa-n 
State University with • quarterfinal 
berth on the line. The Air Squids 
understood the urgency of the match, 
and had confidence heading in the 
faceoff. 

Darrouzet -Nardi summed up his 
team's focus, and said, -There was 
no way we were &Ping to lose that 
match." 

UCSD was finally able to start 
quickly, using its deep passing game 
to perfection and gaining an early 4-2 

[ UlTIMATE, page 14] 

Strong USA Looks to Escape Shadow of World Foes 
The biggest and single most popular sporting event on the planet, the World Cup, has the 
power to unite warring factions of a 
civil war-torn country and bring an 
entire country's economy to a grinding 
halt, as was the case for the Ivory Coast. 
In 2002, 1.1 billion people world-
wide watched ___ 
the finaJ match 
between Brazil 
and Germany on 
television. The cup 
makes the Super 
Bowl look as tame 
as an SO-year-old's 
birthday party. 

In anticipation of World Cup 2006, 
Nike launched the biggest soccer-
focused marketing initiative ever on 
American soil in an effort to promote 
interest in and awareness of a tour-
nament that historically draws little 
attention from the American public. 
Featuring commercial spots and giant 
billboards across the country, the mes-
sage from the in-your-face campaign 
is clear: Do not underestimate the U.S. 
men's team in Germany this summer. 

The squad representing the red, 

white and blue this year is considered 
one of the deepest and most talented 
ever. Under Bruce Arena, the longest-
tenured coach in the tournament, the 
team as a whole has steadily grown 
and matured since its surprising per-
formance in tlie World Cup four years 
ago. While Landon Donovan may be 

the most well -
known player on 
the team, captain 
Claudio Reyna, is 
more valuable to 
the team. Reyna 
pulls all the strings 
as a holding mid-

fielder: He can control the tempo of 
the game, diffusing attacks as well as 
starting them. Left-footed youngster 
Bobby Convey has been in impressive 
form and may have played his way into 
the starting XI, especially if DeMarcus 
Beasley switches to right wing to make 
room for Convey. 

Team USA will rely on experienced 
veteran striker Brian McBride to pro-
vide an aerial presence for the tearn. 
Donovan, who can line up as a striker 
in addition to his normal midfield role, 
could play alongside McBride, freeing 

up a midfield spot for the fearless drib-
bler Clint Dempsey. Returning from a 
foot injlU'}', Eddie Johnson is another 
option It forward. 

At 6 feet, 4 inches taIl and 210 
pounds, center back Oguchi Onyewu 
has a combination of size, strength, 
athleticism and skills never before seen 
in an American defender. Representing 
his country for the fourth time in the 
World Cup. goalkeeper Kasey Keller 
is one of the world's top keepers and 
his commanding presence will solidify 
the American defense. Keller's perfor-
mance in Germany will dictate how 
the Yankees advance in the tourna-
ment. 

While interest in the oft-over-
looked sport miy be at an all-time 
high. expectations are also higher than 
they have ever been. After all, if this 
year's U.S. side is considered one of the 
best ever, shouldn't they advance past 
the quarterfinals this summer, where 
the 2002 team narrowly lost to even-
tual finalists Germany? 

Not so fut. 
The F«Ibation Internationale de 

[CUP, PIP 14] 

.'UY WONC/CU .... OlAN 
77wUrritedSlala'bat-4wr...,.tramp.anl/flllillbatdeln.WorIdOlp,willtjbmlidablt 
opponenfJ IIDIfI and the <ad! RIrpIblkIfanlllllt In tile war tf a ~ lIerth. 


