
GET READY TO LEAVE THE HENHQUSE ~ HOUSING G UIDE, PAGE 7 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

COLLEGE PLAN 
ASSUAGES 

FEDERAL PANEL 
Colleges manage to 
dodge leering eye of 
federal commission 
with blueprint for 
college acountability. 

By Charles Nguym 
NEWS EDITOR 

Weeks ago, when the federal 
Commission on Higher Education 
- miffed by what it saw as a lack of 
accountability in American universi-
ties - suggested the idea of federally 
mandated standardized tests for col-
leges, educators balked. The prospect 
of such tests has made many college 
supporters nervous. 

"Federal standardized tests risk 
undermining the institutions that 
concerned citizens wish to improve," 
said David Edelson, assistant direc-
tor of public affairs for the National 
Association of State Universities and 
Land-Grant Colleges, which repre-
sents more than 200 colleges including 
UCSD. "The chaUenge before public 
higher education is whether we can 
develop a more transparent system 
that addresses various concerns." 

Earlier this month, NASULGC 
presented initial plans for establishing 
transparency among colleges, includ-
ing the use of other data already dis-
tributed to some universities. 

The organization said, in its pro-
posaJ presented to the commission, 
that the National Survey of Student 
Engagement is one such study that 
produces results that allow officials to 
pinpoint and improve problems. 

"These surveys often provide infor-
mation that universities can use to 
make specific, beneficial changes to 
the environment that will improve 

leaming,~ Edelson said. "Standardized 
tests measure the application of cogni-
tive abilities. Even the best designed 
test would still be one single, limited 
measure applied to a wide range of 
institutions." 

Currently, a Committee on Student 
Learning and Accountability, cre-
ated by NASULGC and the American 
Association of State Colleges and 
Universities, is defining specific tasks 
and goals using NASULGC's initial 
draft, as Edelson said. 

The group hopes to meet the com-
mission's demand for concrete action 
to improve and accurately measure 
the success of college education. As 
NASULGC presented its plan, how-
ever, the commission optimistically 
appIauded it. Panel Chainnan Charles 
Miller, who bad previously criticized 
college officials for not vigorously 
pursuing accountability, commended 
NASULGC President Peter McPherson 
for spearheading the effort. Miller him-
self did not comment on the plan. 

RetUlers can contact CluJr/es Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Courage Under 
Docudrama "United 93" is a big 
exploring the Sept. 11 tragedies. 

UC Audit · 
Does little to 
Please State 

Senators 
Lawmakers want the 
university to respond 
to audit, which found 
numerous pay policy 
breaches. 

By Charles Nguyen 
N EWS EDITOR 

The University of California's 
audit of its pay methods to employ-
ees - commissioned by the UC 
regents after the university's 
months-long scandal regarding its 
compensation practices - has done 
little to assuage concerns by state 
senators. 

Lawmakers, who previously 
chastised UC President Robert C. 
Dynes at two state hearings for 
approving multiple compensation 
packages that violated UC policy, 
say that the university's audit did 
not sufficiently reveal who exactly 
was at fault. 

The perks were exposed after the 
San Francisco Chronicle published a 
series of articles showing that the 
university granted several bonuses, 
which the newspaper said exceeded 
$870 million, without the authoriza-
tion of the UC Board of Regents. 

The audit, ordered by the regents 
in December, found that 91 excep-
tions to UC policies were granted 
between 1996 and last year, giving 
extra benefits to 44 executives. 

The audit did not, however, fin -
ger any specific individuals, irking 
several legislators. 

Bill Could Force Profs to Defend Lectures According to the Chronicle, Senate Majority Leader Gloria Romero (O-Los Angeles) and Sen. 
Abel Maldonado (R-Santa Maria) 
- who both serve on California's 
Senate committee on higher educa-
tion - said that they would send a 
letter to UC Regents Chair Gerald 
L. Parsky, so that they could demand 
detailed answers not addressed in 
the audit. 

Congress may require 
CIA review of 
university language 
and area studies 
programs. 

By Matt~ McArdle 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

Congress is revisiting legislation 
that, when proposed in 2003, would 
have created a board of national 
security officials charged with evalu-
ating college curriculum in interna-
tional studies classes. 

Supporters of academia, who 
have called the legislation fascist and 
a deterrent to academic freedom, 
hope to see the bill lighten surveil-
lance of foreign studies, designed to 
increase diversity of academic views 
and presentation. 

-International studies must be 
a national priority, something that 
this bill recognizes, ~ said Bruce 

Assistant prajeMor Everard Meade teaches a course in the history of Mexico. Such 
international courses could be subject to federal review if a new bill is passed. 
Cuthbertson, spokesman for Rep. Education Act, which includes 
Pat Tiberi (R-Ohio), who proposed UCSD's Center for Iberian and Latin 
the reauthorization. "In addition, American Studies. With seven such 
we are more aware than ever that centers at UC Berkeley, six at UCLA 
America's security needs advanced and many others, California has 
international knowledge and effec- more affected government-funded 
tive foreign language skills.~ sites than any other state. 

The bill applies to programs 
funded under Title VI of the Higher [ IILL, page 2 ] 

I 

"A lot of things are clearly miss-
ing from the audit," Romero told the 
Chronicle. "How do you have heads 
roll if you don't know which heads 
will roll? We want to know what 
happened, when it happened and 
why it happened." 

Parsky and Dynes have publicly 
acknowledged the snafus. 

"It is clear there has been a total 
lack of compliance with the [com-
pensation) policies the regents have 
put in place," Parsky said at a meet-
ing. 

Parsky added that the regents will 
decide in May what punishment, if 
any, will be imposed on administra-
tors involved in the scandal. 

"The regents will also deter-

[PAY, page 3 ] 

IDE JHER 
Tritons Trampled New Business ......................... 3 Editorials ...... .......... .................. 4 April 27 April 28 
The baseball team gets trounced by 
Antelopes in its last noncoriference 
JUF 

letters to the Editor .............. 5 
Druthers ...... .......................... 13 
Classifieds ................... .......... 14 
Crossword ............................. 14 

H60L54 H6SLS6 

April 29 April 30 
H68L51 H12LS9 



2 NEWS 

SUSIE S.D. 

CURRENTS ------
Profs Elected to 

National Academy 
Three UCSD professors 

were elected to the prestigious 
National Academy of Sciences 
this week, one of the highest 
honors ,available to American 
scientists and engineers. 

Division of physical sci-
ences Dean Mark H. Thiemens, 
professor of medicine Don W. 
Cleveland and physics professor 
Jose N. Onuchic were induct-
ed along with 72 others. They 
joined 63 UCSD faculty who are 
current members of the academy, 
which was formed by Congress 
in 1863 to serve as an adviser to 
the federal government on scien-
tific matters. 

Thiemens, the founder of 
UCSD's Center for Environmental 
Research and Training, studies 
the chemistry of the Earth's upper 
atmosphere. Cleveland, who 
also serves as the editor of the 
Journal of Cell Biology, studies 
chromosome movement, while 
Onuchic, a co-director of the 
Center for Theoretical Biological 
Physics, studies complex bio-
logical systems. 

UC Tops Patent 
list for 12th Year 
The University of Cal ifornia 

has remained at · the top of the 
annual list of universities receiv-
ing patents for the 12th-straight 
year, according to a report 
released earlier this month by 
the U.S. Patent and Trademark 
Office. 

The university system, which 
placed ahead of MIT, Cal Tech 
and Stanford, recorded a total 
of 390 patents last year. Overall, 
the UC system managed a port-
folio composed of nearly 7,400 
active inventions, while earning 

$109.6 million in licensing rev-
enues during the 2004-05 fiscal 
year. 

Famed UC patents include the 
hepatitis-B vaccine, aneurysm 
treatments, magnetic resonance 
imaging, inner ear implants, the 
nicotine patch and a large vari -
ety of new types of fruits and 
vegetables. 

Nurses, UC Hold 
Round of Talks 

The University of California 
and the California Nurses 
Association concluded the first 
round of scheduled talks this 
week in a contract "reopener" 
of four key issues: wages, health 
benefits, break periods and 
retirement plans. 

The meetings addressed con-
cerns of nurses at the university's 
five medical centers and 10 stu-
dent health clinics. Each topic 
was discussed by both parties, 
and included exchanges of wage 
proposals. 

The university, in its opening 
statement, proposed continued 
efforts to keep market-competi-
tive wages for its nurses and 
ensure that meal breaks are 
accommodated, while the CNA 
asked for a free health plan for 
nurses. Negotiations will con-
tinue on May 1. 

Mammograms Show 
Ethnic Differences 
A new UC-Ied study has found 

that inadequate cancer screenings 
directly correlate with high rates 
of breast cancer in black women. 

Resu Its showed that 18 percent 
of white women were improperly 
screened, compared to 34 percent 
of black women. The study rec-
ommended more breast cancer 
education for minorities. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

By JENNIFER HSU 

UCSD Academic Leaders 
Decry Government Oversight 
• BILL, from page 1 

The newly proposed federal board 
would be allowed to make recom-
mendations on c1ass content, as well 
as advise Congress and other govern-
ment agencies. 

Such po_r is an abuse of the 
principles of public higher education, 
according to Latin American Studies 
Program Director Misha Kokotovic. 

"[The bill) infringes on the basic 
principles of academic' freedom and 
of free and open inquiry that are 
the foundation of higher education," 
Kokotovic stated in e-mail. "When 
bureaucrats start telling scholars and 

teachers what they can research and 
teach, it will be the end of any mean-
ingful higher education." 

While ClLAS Director Christine 
Hunefeldt -Frode said that the day her 
c1ass content is regulated by the gov-
ernment, she "will no longer teach." 

"Look at the diversity of opinions 
and interpretations _ have on every 
single subject -matter on campus.- she 
said. "What is it that needs to be regu-
lated in order to have a multiplicity of 
points of view?" 

Readers can contact Mal/hew McArdle 
at matthew.mcardle@gmail.com. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 2006 

Vladimir f't" 
I." S. on 

MoniP'I YIon 

Nathan Miklos eo,,~ 
H .. the,Well .. 

~N8uyen NeMIdIIr 
Melthew McAtdle AsooI:We _ &IIIor 

Mor_e MIdden opNaoo &liar 

Hannoc.rnp AIMKWr 0pi0I000 &IIor 

IlIIeI Enteen SpootI&IIar 

DInIi lein..,r -.. 5porII &IIor 
ChristiN .... .... rdIIr 

Mo' .... ,.i. "",",*r-Wlor 
cody 8. Noboun ...... rdIIr 

Christine Clark ......... 1dIoft 
Coflle Four. 

Billy Wong ..... rdIIr 

Aleunder Vorond A-w. ..... .... 
And,ew N8uyen .... ... 

tiey SO .. nt· .... 'ce All ... 
............ 

Mo ... L ...... 

Rich¥d Choi, ~ 't~ We<Idy Shieu, 
UtoIc • ..-.. Si~ WIson 

NiniB . ChM£'HadIorMMdou. 

ItItherine Md:oI ...... c:-nI ...... 
MIdIIoIfooIU ~ ....... 

MichelIeTsoi ............ 
-.. 

VinceClorrl'tM!O ~ ............. 
MlIte MoIti_ ~AoI~ 

Josh_ ...... 

............... 
T ... Bud\in, ICIoa-IonSl. 

.... lI_o.Ip_~ 
Ceoreo Ooon. IIIcNi" QoiI 

....... 
T_8uchin.c.lIr~ '-Okon 

The uao GII8riiItI i, pIIIIIIIIed Mondoys 
ond Thu .... 4u," the .-Iemic year by 
ucso studerit. and lor the ucso commu-
nity. ReprodUCIion of mi. ~ in any 
loon, whether in whole or in port, without 
permission is strictly prohibited. 0 _ all 
Tis !eIerWld. The CJcso c-diIn is not 

~ible lor !he return 01 unsolicited II101nu-
scnpt. or art. The views expreosed hen;n do 
not necessarily represent the opinions 0( the 
UCSD CuMdiMI. the UnNersity 0( Colilom~ 
or .... soNted Students. The UCSD CwtdiMI 
is lunded solely by advertising. More like my 
chomal shitponts 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
edilor@ucsdguardian.org 

News: ..... ,.1+,,"" 
Focus: 
Hiatus: 

Do You Get Around? 

Become a professional paralegal to 
gain Invaluable work skills and 

prepare for law schooll 
Learn more at a free info session: 

When I Wed., May 3,12:30-1:30 pm 
Where I UCSD Extension Complex, Rm 103 
(between Muir and Marshall dorms) 
Why I Learn about the program, 
job opportunities, and ask questions. 

FREE pizza and refreshments 
will be servedl 
For more info: 
Julia Dunlap 
(858)882-8008 
jdunlop@ucsd.edu 

'It's Deja Vu - Political Issues 
~plit Ap4rt the A.S. Council 

A.,... 11M A.S. CauIIdl DOtiIIIIIM pcIIIiWe aJlCleotk:dIm lD apreued coacem at 11M ~ IbIdcat pa1IIDeIIt'.1UpPCld far April 19 meetiDB Ibout IIUdenta WIIkiDI out _ .... dMa. 
wbeIber ar DOt ,...... poIiIicIIIy Commieeioou _ Student 
orieDIId Iephtion _ put _ ita AdvocIcy .... SIha. wIIo 1Ubmit-
mIIIioa, the counctImemhen haw ted hiI own Yenian _11M reeoIutioD 
...,....,rachcd.c:omeMIIIClllthe thIt WIlliea' mapI wIIh IIkIrmII. 
iIIue. full I wwk .... iIIIeDIe debMe urpclllM ....... to ... I CCIbaIvoe 
CMI' I RIOIutioo 1llJlPClrdlll1aIIeID- ItmCe CIII 11M """ttioa, ftIeD if it 

- bnDce b ArmeaiID pocide. the .... ucrIftcias..,.,m _the DIy 
COUDdI tickled 11M c:om.overaW _1MctioG. 
u.x _ iIIfpl After more 
immilrltloll than f5 minutea 
and the cunmt New - debIte. the vuy propoub ill dMcIecl council 
eo.:qu Business ~":!: 
WI. much L'Heureux in I 13-~ wte. 
more tban the All but thftle of the 
usual acattcr- raoIution'. sup-
ms. with around· 10 to IS ItUdentI porters. IishinI and sbakins their 
represenIiDs both IIIpIICIItIen of the beads, left the room before the item 
raoIutioo and atudaIII-.r to diI- • I whole ftIeD reacbecli wte. 
CUll the coundl caucus Item; How , beIieft that walkout was ill 
to diminItc IOUICa of bate apeech the retuIt of the "*'- Hidrcn IIid. 
OIl ampul. . "Twenty peqIIe juat walked out of 

John Muir CoI1cte Prabman the room bec8uIe' of that. PIrue, 
SenabJr "' ....... IIkIIIII, who tub- someooe, ,......,*Ier:" 
mittecI 11M iIDmfIration raoIutioo, HoMwr, no ICIIIIor cUd IDCM to 
IDIM!d to puB muncil mpport b reconaider, and after the tnditiooal 
the McCain-Kennedy immipation procell of beatiDa all their pCJiIIb 
biD &om his redutioo Iftcr certain iDI:o the pound. the Qlllodimanben 
members of the public requaeed ita IIpIIftMd the raoludoa in I 12-4-
remcml. The bilL curremIy beina 0 wte. Dapite 11M .... of em...-
considered in the u.s. Senate. wu tioIl and Jmeering emotioa over the 
dcsipcd to combine toUaber border item, VICe Presideat IIIIanIl AapJa 
security wMh a pest worker proarun ___ bad nothing but wonk of 
to allow IIlepIImmipIIItI to beain conpalUlIIiona for the CIOUIldI. 
tranaitinniDa to Iepl staIuI.. , think thIt we did a much bet-

WbiletheaJUDdlWCld to~ ter job in ~ thiJ9 tbiI time," 
thai provWoo witbuut much dcbIIc. Ihe laid, rdt:rrinc to the Iadt of IIlide 
what drew mudl more criticism WII comments and penoaal.a.cb tbIt 
I motioo to I'CIDOft IUppOI't for the hlahl ..... 11M lut time 11M caundI 
opromb. DIy -Inaction, a walkout ...... ...-1 to handle a nIOIudon of 
procat tcbeduIedI tOr May 1 in RIp- tbia DIIUre. WIth one meeIinI to 
port of immip'aIIt rips. au and -r already OIl IUtopiIot. 

-nil IeICIIutiOIlIIM teeth, but It's It's refreIbiDa to see that there'a ItiIl 
bitiui iDIo I pniInnooI apple;" Sixth ICIIDeODe cheerina .in the caundI'. 
CoIleF. au Cull AoIIef IIid, comer. 

THE UCSO CUAIIDIAN 

Dynes to 
Investigate 

Wrongdoings 
• M~ from page 1 
miDc, OIl I caae-by-CIIe buia ___ 
bow people should be held IICCOUIlt-
able fer policy yioIatJoaa aDd other 
acta cIeemecI to be inapproprIate.-
be saicI. 

Seuaon. however, are impatient 
with the IIIliftnity'a puc of Idioa. 
While the audit II • Itep fonrud, 
there are anenI perU that were 
quealionable, according to Sen. Jeff 
Denham (a-Merced). 

Lut winter, Denham sponaored 
I bill thai would have made the 
unIwnity &lve up ita collatitulioll-
ally protected fIacaI lutonomy and 
gant the LqiaIature the power to 
set ita budget If UC offidala did not 
change their pay practices. 

-With all these exceptiona thai 
have no perIOn or reason behind 
them, we are atiD far &om where we 
want to be.- Denham said. 

For Dynea. however. the audit is 
only the first atep in I 10111 procell 
of reform. . 

-The univeraity baa bepn I 
complete overhaul of ita compeIlII-
lion practices.- he said It the pre-
sentation of the audit "Thil audit 
report, aDd the two ludita to foUow, 
will ratchet up that process.-

Lut week, Dynes created • Web 
site to disclose paymenta made to 
empIoyeea and offered to pay for 
them to haft ICCeII to the Wliver-
Iity'. ethka prosram ill an effort 
to meet both the reaata' and the 
politician.' de_cia. 

Ultimately. the audit found thai 
the univentty, ill many cues, did 
not property dIacIoIe ita pay prac-
tices. . 

Our MeAT classes start this week 
for the August 2006 examl 

If you sign up by Apr1128Ih you'l receive: 

NEWS 3 

Public Notice 
TIle tJnIverIIty Of CaIIfDmIa, 5a'1 llIeCo (UCSD) propoIIS to adopt • MITIGATED 
NEGATIVE DECLARATION (MNO) for the StO SeeIIIater/Storm Water MlNICement 
project. The prcJpCad project Is located at the ucso Scripps Institution Of Dce. 
CJCrICfTt (SlO) CIIIIpUI, wlllCh Is located west Of North Torrey Pines Road. TIle pro-
poeed project Includes mocItcatlons to StO bulldlrw systems nI campus utility 
connections In order to 1IPIfIIl' _ater IIld storm water thlt Is currently com-
mlrwlld IIld provide • ~em to monitor IIld MUIlI the quality and quantity of 
_ater dlachaJled from the SlO campus eeperately from storm water dlscha'ges. 
TIle project Is pa-t Of • "uUy,., two step progrllll to 11I1II'O¥e the water quality of 
eIIlelllrll from UCSD SlO and meet the requirements Of MlDES Order No. CA0107239, 
which prohibita UCSD/SiO from dlleha'11rW noostorm water lito 8 storm drain. 
BMed on an Initial Study (IS) prepared for the project, It has been determined 
thlt tile project wHI not 111M • IICnIIcant effect on the environment that cannot 
be mit_ed. Therefore, 11'1 MHO will be 1sIue(I. Copies of the tiered IS/MHO ~ 
be viewed at 1Up:/I"".. ...... 'F'" "1M nptk:o,ht!Q or by contactlrw 
the UCSO Phyllcal PIannIrw OfIco, 9500 Gilman DrIve, La .Jolla. California 92093-
0lI6l5, (858) !S34-8515. The pdlttc rIVIew period b the tIerad IS/MHO will atllld 
tlJougll MCIIIdI'f, May 22, 2008. Arrt comments reclldrw the project or the IS/ 
AND IIIouIcI be clAICled to tho UCSO ptpc:aI PIInnIIW OtIco at tile above address. 

Best 162 Medical Schools book PARADISE HILLS Friday, April 28 
Chances to retake the MCAT CBT course for 
.FREEI -must comply wt1h our guarantee ' 

MCAT COURSE STARTS: 
April 25th - 4 spots leftll 
May22nd 
June 18th 
June 19th 
June 26th 

CaD now to register. Space is Imitedl 
800-2Revie~ - Prihce,onReview.com 

MCAT ................. ' .... AAMC. ................ _ 
... ..-.-............ , " ........... .... 
....................... , ... ....... 

~ 

PorI.'I Pub Pallo Student Centw 

WEEKLY FILM SERIES 
.. ___ ......... ,...c:... .... 

_IPIIII.II 
THE ' 
PRODUCERS 
ilfil,-c: 



4 
* 

'filE , ~ GuARDIAN 
CONTACT lliE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opinion@uC5dguardian.org OPINION 

~ Props to the Iraqis for pulling together their permanent government. ~ Hopefully. this positive step will help inject needed order into the region. 
The FDA issued a statement last week 

disputing the value of medidnal 
marijuana, predictably without offering 

anything as evidence to back it up. 
................................................ THURSDAY.AP~L27.2006 

EDITORIALS 
A Policy Right Out 
of 'Police Academy' 

Several months ago, the UCSD Police Department considered giving $10 gift certificates to officers for each arrest for 
certain types of theft and bur- budgetary reality: No other UC 
glary. While these crimes are a campus has fewer officers per 
serious concern. the proposed thousand people on campus. 
policy was flawed in its logic and Police Chief Orville King. 
implementation strategy. however. has a history of sup-

This board commends the porting silly policies. Last year. 
department's creativity, but it is he offered his backing to a state 
dangerous and counterproduc- bill that would allow universities 
live to pay officers to focus on to expel students for "rioting:' a 
certain areas of crime at the clear attack on First Amendment 
expense of others; the proposal rights, even though he acknowl-
instruc ted offi - edged that riot-
cers to "redi - BAD BOYS ing has never 
reet" efforts like been a prob-
traffic violations • Why the department lem at UCSO. 
to fo cus on went wrona in SU8IfltinB Protecting stu-
property crime. pay.for.anest. dents from crime 
Since the annual can be accom-
Clery Report, which publiciz- plish that through a department-
es campus crime rates, covers focused incentive policy. 
property crimes but not traf- Instead of rewarding indi -
fie enforcement, the proposal vidual officers for individual 
seems like an attempt to better arrests. the department should 
official statistics, not increase tie bonuses to changes in annu-
police protection or make the al crime rates. Such incentives 
campus safer. would actually align officer pri-

We do not believe that Sgt. orities with the department's 
Tom Morris, the plan's author. goal of reducing crime at UCSO. 
intentionally set out to harm Morris' plan would have simply 
UCSO. His idea is probably a rewarded questionable arrests 
symptom of the department's with gift certificates. 

Let the Annual A.S. 
Budget Dance Commence 
O n the eve of approval of the executive budget last year, a crisis paralyzed the A.S. Council: One councilmember dared to 
ask for the total number of photo- spent . on the Academic Success 
copies made by his colleagues. to Program in recent years. Most are 
see if the amount set aside for the equally oblivious about what the 
"printing" line item was reason- council's two Webmasters do for 
able. And no one had the answer. 28 hours a week at $13 per hour. 

Alas, such is the process when since the site has undergone few 
30 relatively uninformed people changes since its overhaul in the 
try to get funding for their pet beginning of the year. 
causes - and it's about to start Usually, the process works like 
again. This year. however. there is this: The president introduces the 
hope that President-elect Harry first draft of his budget around 
Khanna will ... ________ ... fifth week. and 

introduce some DOUARS AND SENSE then spends 
level-headedness the next month 
into the mix. in heated and 

As Khanna largely unpro-
made clear dur- ductive debate. 
ing the election. On Wednesday 
the A.S. budget of 10th week, the 
is in dire need of an audit. Now, council spends approximately 
he must follow through; the audit eight hours rewriting the entire 
needs to be complete before the thing. anyway. 
next budget is introduced. not This year, Khanna is better off 
afterward. waIting a bit longer before start-

The problem is that photocop- ing, to make sure he has all of the 
ies are not the only item about necessary facts at hand. The stu-
which the A.S. Council is igno- dents whose activity-fee dollars 
rant. No one knows what hap- the council appropriates would 
pened to hundreds of thousands surely appreciate it. 

THE-rtGuARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 

Vladimir Kogan 
MANAGI NG EDITOR 

Ian S. Port 

Grant Schrader 
EDITOR IN CHIEF 

Charles Nguyen 
N EWS EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
MANAGING EDI TOR OPINION EDITOR 

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 
California .at San Diego. Contents © 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the maJonty vote of the edltonal boil,l'd and are not necessarily those of the 
UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Riley Salant-Pearct 

Can't Get a Date? Weep No More 
I recently discovered a show on VH I called "Can't Get a Date." I like it because 1 ... um. never-
mind. VH 1'5 Web site says. · Viewers 
are guided through Can't Get A Date 
by The Host, wlio is heard but never 

cooker and anime collection. End the 
presentation with an animated GIF 
of you doing donuts in your Honda. 
The chicks will be climbing over each 
other to get your digits. 

seen ... With an innovative shoot- Q: I work with this hot Asian 
ing method, all interactions with chick. and I can never get her out 
The Host happen ~~!!!!I~~""_""!!"' ____ ' of my head! 
directly to cam- t Thoughts of her 
era, and a genuine cen distract me in 
rapport is quickly Exposu re class. at home. 
developed between while I'm work-
the characters, The rianne Madden ing out, in ~~ 
Host and the audi- shower .. . It s 
ence." Ooh. I love liko she goes 
the creepy use of with me wher-
technology. The ultimate aim of the ever I go! How can I resolve this? I'm 
show is to "explore the problems" of going crazy. . 
each lonely subject and "teach them A: Asking her out would be help-
the skills to find love in an honest, ful here. 
amusing and unique way." 

The folks at VHl are onto some-
thing. Judging from the listless shuf-
fling and blank stares of most UCSD 
students. I figUred this problem 
(which I dubbed "can't get a date-
itis," because I'm an idiot) is running 
rampant on our campus. With mat-
ing season just around the comer, it's 
worth tackling a few of the most com-
mon dating problems at UCSD. 

Note The following is funny 
because I made up the questions, 
and 115 a pasty schmuck with a butt 
thats mo1thd to my chair, I'm wholly 
unqualified to dispense dating ad'llice 
in any way. shape or form. 

Q: I'm a greasy. overweight com-
puter science major so pale I glow 
in the dark. How can I score a hot 
Asian chick for long nights of intense 
lovemaking? 

A: The first step to being a sex god 
is the toughest: You must exit AP&M. 
Then. try a few of the following on 
for size: Showering. Deodorant. A 
haircut. A change of clothes. A trip to 
the gym. The development of some 
social skills. AlSo. throw out your 
5pankerchief and spiff up your pad: 
You'll need some bangin' decor when 
you lure girls back to your room 
with your massive collection of "Star 
Wars" memorabilia. 

Q: I signed up for Japanese to 
meet some hot Asian chicks, and it 
worked! My class is so full of exotic 
cuties, my head is Swimming. How 
can I bag my dream date? 

A: Ask the sensei if you can do an 
extra-credit oral presentation. Then 
stand up in the front of the class and 
do a Japanese· language Power Point 
presentation loaded with pictures of 
your neato Bento box. h.igh-tech rice 

Q: I'm a hot Asian chick. and can't 
step anywhere on campus without 
getting hit on by hordes of digusting 
guys, and the occasional stud muf-
fin. HoW can I get these stalkers and 
creeps off my back? I already have a 

Ith mating season 
just around the . 

comer, it's worth 
tadding a few of the 

most common dating 
problems at UCSD." 

boyfriend. 
A: Hire a bodyguard named 

V'mny to tai1 you wherever you go. 
Bonus points if he has rabies and is 
willing to carry your books from class 
to class. 

Q: I'm fairly attractive. but since 
my roommate is a really hot stud that 
all the ladies love. I'm relegated to 
the "wingman" role. It doesn't help 
that he is extremely outgoing, and 
I'm more of a quiet guy. How do I get 
some girls of my own? 

A: Girls have wingmen ("wing-
wQmen" or "f1ygirls") too. so your job 
is to locate wingwomen and hit on 
them. Trust me, they'll be happy for 
the attention. Using this method, the 
A -listers like your roommate will score 
other A·listers, and wingmen will find 
wingwomen. and the universe will 
become orderly and perfect. You and 
your honey can get married on a 
windswept beach at Martha's Vineyard, 

wear a lot of Brooks Brothers, and 
name your first baby girl - unironi-
cally - Selena. Or Oprah. 

Alternatively. tamper with your 
roommate's phone so all calls from 
willing hotties are forwarded to you. 

Q: I'm a cool enough girl, but I 
fmd that the guys I'm interested in 
never have the guts to ask me out. I'm 
at the end of my rope, and ready to 
make a move on the guy I currently 
like. Is that a good idea? 

A: Sure, if he thinks you're hot. 
If he doesn't; you'll be the subject of 
behind-the-scenes ridicule for years 
to come. 

Q: I love my boyfriend, but he 
goes to school at Yale and the dis· 
tance is killing me. Plus. I've had my 
eye on the 'guy down the hall for the 
entire year. Am I a terrible person 
COl cutting things off with Mr. East 
Coast and pursuing things with this 
UCSDguy? 

A: Hardly. Unless your boyfriend's 
penis is 3,000 miles long, this long-
distance relationship will simply make 
you miserable. Might as well dump 
him before he admits that he's been 
cheating on you this entire time. 

Q; I thought things with "Alice· 
were great. But here's the thing: We've 
been on five dates now and have 
made out a bunch of times. but her 
Facebook status is still ·single"' We're 
effectively in a relationship, so what 
gives? 

A: Facebook purgatory is tough. 
On one hand, the Internet is not real 
life. On the other hand, the popula-
tion of UCSD checks the site about 
20 times an hour and judges people 
based on the minutiae of their pro-
files, so it might as well be real life. 
Who knows how many pokes from 
random strangers your "girlfriend" 
is getting? Send her a relationship 
request, pronto. How she responds 
will reflect her true colors. 

. Q: I really want a girlfriend. but 
whenever it comes time to ask a girl 
out, I choke up! How Cln I overcome 
this problem? 

A: Drink half a bottle of 
Jagermeister before approaching 
attractive girls. It's worked for frat 
boys for centuries, and it can work 
Cor you. 

Well. that's all the questions we 
have time for today. Feel free to send 
your own questions or objections to 
my well· researched. well· thought-out 
and frankly earth-shattering advice to 

mmadtkn~ucsd.edu. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR-----
Guardian Stoops to the 
Level of Self-Reporting 
Dear Editor: 

We all know those magical two 
weeks in spring when the A.S. buf-
foons come out to play and bring the 
GlUlrdian your only enthusiastic audi-
ence, when every candidate reads your 
pages several times to try and spot their 
name. This year, I joined their ranks 
for a nostalgic read over morning cof-
fee, to see if the narcoleptic idiocy of 
this year's election could even compare 
with the turmoil of years past. 

Imagine my surprise when. of all 
people. the Guardian news staff offered 
the crowning achievement of stupidity. 
The bar of the Brian/Bryan boxing 
match has been raised, and I simulta-
neously congratulate and ridicule you. 

Thursday's cover story about Eddie 
Herrera, "Lone TU' Candidate Brings 
Strife to Council,· seemed full of prom-
ise; what was this capitalized "Strife"? A 
fistfight in the cloisters? An elaborate 
political hazing rituaH Unfonunate!y, 
I was treated to 700 words reporting 
the unbelievable feat that politician 
Eddie doesn't get along with politician 
Conrad. 

Why is this neWs? There are stu-
dents at UCSD who are breaking new 
ground in technology and engineering 
while struggling to pay their loans and 
rent. a UC pay·off scandal has attract-
ed the eyes and scorn of the world, and 
my beloved former television station is 
still withering in despondency. With 
all of this going on. what makes a 
two-person pisslng match in A.S. with 
no actual news event (say, a change 
in policy or threat of violence) worth 
reporting on? 

If that wasn't laughable enough, 
I actually started reading the article. 
and found that your entire basis for 
the story was three comments posted 
on your own internal message board. 
This kind of extremely lazy reporting is 

a page from the same book that earned 
Hunter S. Thompson some well-
deserved scorn when he attempted to 
revisit the style of his McGovmI presi-
dential campaign coveragoe while stay-
ing home and WItching BiD Clinton's 
presidential run on television. 

Self-reporting is one of the most 
egregious and embarrassing aimes a 
newspaper can commit on its front 
page. But the blood of Citizen Hearst 
runs strong in you all. so I can see next 
Thursday's headline: "Two-time A.S. 

Candid~and Prolific Guardian Poet 
Dismayed with College Newspaper's 
Reporting Practices." 

- BrianUip 
John Muir College Alumnus 

Colleges Lead in the 
Fight Against Genocide 
Dear Editor: 

Often in our history. college stu-
dents have been ahead of governments 
in recognizing and fighting for impor-
tant issues. In 1961. students launched 
a historic journey into the deep south 
on the Freedom Rides, risking their 
lives in pursuit of civil rights. Students 
have stood alongside janitors and cooks 
from their campuses to fight for fair 
wages and other rights. Now students 
from across California are fighting to 
end the unthinkable genocide in the 
Darfur region of Sudan. 

Sudan's brutal Khartoum regime 
has engaged in a campaign of genocide 
in the country's Darfur region in a con-
tlict that has claimed over 200,000 lives 
and displaced over two million people. 
While humanitarian groups have cou-
rageously assisted the millions of dis-
placed in Darfur, International action 
has been shamefully underwhelming. 

In addition to the UC system. 
Amherst, Brandeis, Brown. Danmouth. 
Harvard, Stanford, and Yale uni-
versities have each restricted Sudan 

Investments. The stites of New jersey, 
O~ Illinois. and Maine have also 
passed divestment legislation and are 
currently implementing these plans. 

The fight is far from over -
Sudanese government-backed militias 
continue their assault on innocent 
men. women and children in Darfur. 
California's students have taken notice, 
and investors should take notice as 
wftI. 

Members of the UC Sudan 
Divestment Taskforce have now 
teamed up with the national Sudan 
Divestment Task Force to help pass leg-
islation through Providence, R.I., mak-
ing it the first city in the United States 
to divest from Sudan. This tag-team 
effort is now working with the states 
of Kansas, New York, Massachusetts, 
North Carolina and Rhode Island as 
wdI as dozens of universities across the 
country to pass similar legislation. 

Faced with the first genocide of the 
21st century, the students of California 
are taking the lead in making sure that 
the suffering stops. 

- PhD AnpIldea 
California Sta« 'fuasurer 

- Adam StertiDg 
aadJ-MWer 

Co-Chairs of the UC Sudan 
Divestment Ta.sk Force 

The VCSD GwtnIUm 
Opinion Editor 

9SOO Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

OPINIONS 

STORAGE-WE 

, 

Have ybu -ever used stimul~nts hke 
~\. cocaine, meth, sp'eed, or ~italin ' 
\Without a p~~~n? f so, you may 

~ 1 be eHgible to participate in a ' , I" 
. / r 

IJ(SP Brain Imaging Study 1 
~ r 

and rec~1Ye $l30 and a picture of / 
your~inftOrco~~ 

partici 



6 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Cody B. Nabours 
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 

COURTESY OF UN 
Fight or m,lat: Director Paul 
gave ' United 93' a dOCllmentary ~I by 
hand-held cameros and little-known actors. 

Uaited 93 

*** Stanq J.J. JoIlnson and Polly Adams 
Directed by Paul Greengrass 

Rated R 

hiatus 
a rts/enterta inment 

THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 2006 

• OSS -f~,~~~ f'1 THE BEST SONGS ditties 
..... ZIII 
• "SIadsvandrirV • "Ehlala" 
• "Panda" • "Bhambatha" 

Coachella _: 
Weathering the 
Cruelest of the 
Siren Songs 

Going to Coachella? In the anticipatory weeks, this ques-tion is second only to "are you 
graduating~·, fluttering on hordes 
of music-lovers' lips as van win-
dows get festively painted by those 
for whom it's tradition. For oth-
ers, myself included, the decision 
process of whether to attend or not 
is a long, lazy back-and-forth . My 
experience with various gigantic fes-
tivals, including Coachella two years 
ago, provides just as much material 
to fill the plus as the minus side of 
my debate. 

Coachella's Web site, at the time 
of writing, reads "Countdown: 2 
days, 17 hours, 44 minutes and 27 
seconds." The Indio desert festival 
is, by any measurement, a highly 
anticipated happening. But more 
than that, like all great rock festivals, 
it's a certain kind of dream (and 
this year, a wet dream - see www. 

~~ 
GAElLE FAURE 

gfaureCucsd.edu 

coachella. com for the full lineup}. 
OK, maybe I won't shed hot tears 

over Matisyahu, 'ames Blunt, stel-
lastarr .. Bloc Party or (shudder) She 
Wants Revenge. Depeche Mode and 
Tool are headlining, followed close 
behind in print size on the post-
ers by Daft Punk, Franz Ferdinand, 
Massive Attack and - what the 
hell - Madonna?! But the best is 
the rest - Amadou & Mariam, 
Seu Jorge, Cat Power, Go! Team, 
Dungen, 'amie Udell, Sigur R6s, 
Animal Collective ... I could go on, 
but the lineup hurts my eyes. 

Grad Plays Examine Rotten Teeth and Other Dirty Topics 
Though ridiculously expensive 

($86 for one day, $167 for both), 
it's easy to rationalize Coachella as 
the best deal ever if you divide the 
price by the number of bands you 
plan on seeing. Just 55 for Mogwai? 
Sweet Lord. 

By Ania Dylewslla 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Five vagabonds meet up in the des-ert; a dentist postpones her trip to Hungary when her estranged 
brother comes home with an urgent 
dental problem; a mayoral election 
gets out of hand; two sisters struggle 
with family issues; and two men on 
track for a one-night stand form an 
intensely meaningful connection. 
These are the plot synopses for the 
exciting productions that will be fea-
tured at this year's Baldwin New Play 
Festival. The annual event premieres 
original work written by UCSD grad-
uate students in the Master of Fine 
Arts Playwriting Program and fea -
tures MFA directors, actors, stage 
managers and designers. 

This year's selection includes three 
full -length plays: "Santa Ana Winds" 
by Tim J. Lord, the "Nightshade 
Family" by Ruth McKee and "Election 
Day" by Josh Tobiessen. Also featured 
are two one-act plays by first -year 
MFA students: "Catching Flight" by 
Lila Rose Kaplan and · Water Street" 
by Alex Lewin, as well as a reading of 
"As [f Body Loop" by UCSD theater 
professor Ken Weitzman. 

Grad students, through the fes-
tival, gain experience and exposure 
- playwrights choose 10 professional 
guests to come from all over the 
country to view their work, impart 
feedback and perhaps help their plays 
find another venue. 

Playwrights underJO an extensive 

development process that starts with 
a rough draft at the beginning of the 
school year and culminates in a stage 
production featuring graduate actors 
and directors. 

"Eve~one in the department is 
aware that they're there to serve the 
play most of all and to try to real-
ize the playwright's vision," McKee 
said. "There's a lot of back and forth 
because unlike a play that's been 
staged a bunch of times before, it 
really hasn't been established what 
the visual world of the play is going 
to be." 

The collaborative give-and. take 
results -in fresh, innovative material. 

. McKee's curious "Nightshade Family" 
explores the intricate power struggle 
between a dentist and her younger, 
scurvy-toothed brother. In the course 
of the play, as Hannah works to fIX 
her brother's dentition, she devel-
ops a rash that gets progressively 
worse. "The scenes are somewhat 
realistic, but then they're interspersed 
with these big scene. that are almost 
like little dances where all the real-
ly graphic dental stuff takes place; 
McKee said. 

In Lewin's "Water Street." Martin, 
a gay New Yorker deeply affected 
by Sept. II and Bobby, from homo-
phobic North Dakota, flirtatiously 
consider doing the down-and-dirty. 
"These guys are really in your face:' 
Lewin said "They're talking about . 
what gay men do; they're doina what 

[ IALDWIN, !'IF 12 ] 

Coumsy Of uelD THlAntE AND DANCE DEMITMENT 
".",.,~ RutllJlc«.~ ..,.,.,.,..1tIndIf" ""'". *'II ." ....... 1tIt 
IpiraIIIIIII tf 00IItI'IIl-. ,.". ....,." COf'II 1rIGIII8d....".".,.",,.,,.,,.,,,,.,. uiIIt. 

But a festival is always less than 
the sum of its parts. 

First, there's the inhuman task of 
choosing between the two days. In 
2004, festivalgoers got I no-bralner, 
with both the newly-revived Pixies 
and Radiohead billed on the same 
night. This year. the quality of tal-
ent. from small names to big. Is 
roughly evenly distributed. Whether 
you manage to make a confident 
decision or splurge for the whole 
weekend, you still won't be able to 
see all the acts on your wish Ii't 
- once there, the schedule will 
make damn sure to break your heart 
by owrlapping all the best shows. 

Then, there's plenty more ammu-
nition I can conjure up to defend 
keepin8 my meager funds. Beyond 
the ticket price, I'll rekindle my out-
rase at bein& denied my water bottle 
In lOO-desree-plus weather, then 
pttinl clwJed $2 a pop. Greedy 
butards. This is criminally com-
parable to thOle organized raves 
that b~ outJide water (yes, at rives 
- and then they wonder how a lot 
of bus-eyed kids drop from levere 
dehydration). Coacbel1a turns trlg-
ic when hordes of .tylishIy-llyered, 
tipt-jeaned hip.ten In dark hues 
fisht for Ihade. 

If you've ditched style for com-
fort. tboup. you can't deny the per-
wne sIee la peopIe-t1f1tdain8 u the 

(aMCIBIA, ,.12] 

La Jolla/ UTe 
5-10 min. to UCSO 

$500-900/ mo 
Where: The area east of UCSD is 

a paradise of apartment complexes like 
Costa Verde, La Scala, International 
Gardens and Las Flores - most of which 
are heavily populated by UCSD students. 
San Diego bus routes 30 and 34 go all the 
way from the University Town Center 
mall and downtown La Jolla to Old Town 
and downtown San Diego. Those who 
don't mind hills are encouraged to walk 
the compact area, but watch out for sign -
twirIers on the corners. Most people, 
like all good Southern Californians, get 
around by car. 
. What It's Like: With immaculate, tree-
lined streets, gleaming shopping centers 
and, of course, a La Jolla address, you have 
to pay more to live this dose to school. 
Apartments can range anywhere from the 
high $400s per month for shared rooms to 
$700 and up for singles. 

Perks: Students who live in La Jollal 
UTC won't ever have to look at a S500 
yellow parking permit - they can sim-
ply hop onto the free Cityshuttle from 
one of the many spots between UTC 
and UCSD. And with numerous grocery 
stores, restaurants, and movie theaters as 
well as shopping in the many commercial 
complexes, there's nothing that won't be at 
your fingertips. 

Sh'ite: Living in La Jolla is a burden at 
night when it becomes dead. Most stores 
close by JO p.m., jf not earlier, on week-
days. And while some students might find 
the quiet ideal for studying, most of the 
time it's annoying. Insomniacs and stu-
dents pulling all-nighters can only embark 
on emergency runs to the 24-hour Ralphs 
for essentials (i .e. cookies and beer). 

Landmark.: The Landmark Theatre 
regularly features acclaimed independent 

films. For a tasty, cheap breakfast, Le Peep 
Grill at the Renaissance center is a hot 
spot for students. In downtown La Jolla, 
the cove is a perfect seaside spot for sunny 
afternoon studying. Forget the over hyped 
Living Room - Pannaltin Cafe attracts 
in-the-know students with its equally rich 

on weekdays with the same sticker restric-
tions. 

What It's Like: These quintessential 
beach towns attract a ton of college (or 
college-age) kids, especially San Diego 
State University students. If you enjoy 
beer, cheap sushi, beer, smoking para-

phernalia, beer 
or tattoos -
three out of six 
will do - you 
belong here. 
Both Mission 
Beach and 
PB are largely 
made up of 
bungalows and 
small apart-
ment build-
ings, with rent 
ranging from 
around $450 
to $700 per 
month. 

coffee and 
atmosphere. 
Another 
classic stop 
is Harry's 
Coffee Shop 
with its 
famous pecan 
pancakes . 
While there 
is usually not 
much night -
life in La Jolla, 
T hursday 
nights at 
The Shack in 
downtown La 
Jolla is a pre-
ferred spot 
for of-age 

UALEII,U' ROlliN 
~ Jolla: The seaside village is gorgeous, but Hving near campus usually means 
living in a 'Jewel' of stucro and COllcrete - a paltry flue to /0 minutes from school. 

Perks: The 
permanent 
vacation feel. 

students to grab a few drinks and phone 
numbers. 

- Marnette Federis 

Pacific Beach/Mission 
Beach 

1 5-20 min. to UCSO 
$45G800/mo 

Where: "PB" and "MB" (as they're 
known) are nestled between La Jolla and 
downtown, about seven miles south of 
campus. No shuttles run from UCSD, 
so you 'll want a reliable car to get you 
through daily Interstate-5 traffic. The 
4/34 San Diego City Bus goes from UCSD 
to PB, but the free bus sticker provided by 
UCSD doesn't go past Mission Boulevardl 
Garnet Avenue; the 30 Express also runs 

Going home to these laid-back beach 
communities feels about as far from Geisel 
as you can gel. You can walk or bike to the 
beach, stroll down three gorgeous miles of 
boardwalk, shop at great little thrift stores, 
eat any sort of food on the cheap, catch 
the sunset with a beer and stumble home 
many bars and many specials later . .. all 
in a day's work, any day of the week. 

Shill: If you're not tan and blonde, the 
tan-and-blonde clone factor can be a little 
overwhelming. (It goes for the dudesl 
bros, too.) Consequently, the bar scene 
often feels like a meat market, and loud 
neighbors abound. On a more tragic note, 
PB Block Party, formerly rivaling Sun God 
for best daylong party of the year, was 
offiCially canceled this year ... and may 
not come back. 

Landmarks: Crystal Pier and Belmont 
Park's rollercoaster may be the tourist 
landmarks, but jealous La Jolla-dwelling 
friends will visit for the food and drink 
- along Garnet are the infamous big-
shot bars like PB Bar and Grill, Tavern 
at the Beach and Typhoon Saloon. But 
when you get sick of those, you'll learn 
to love dive-ier little bars like the Silver 
Fox; Mission Beach boasts live music at 
sprawling Canes and great happy hours at 
the Beachcomber. Later, you'll find your-
self eating burritos at Santana's fo llowed 
by pancakes and mimosas at the Broken 
Yolk or a seaside breakfast at Kono's. 

- Gai!lle Faure 

Mira Mesa 
20-25 min. to UCSD 

$400-650/ mo 
Whrre: If you're tired of th~ beauti-

ful but bland town of La Jolla and need a 
cheaper place to live for you r remaini ng 
years at UCSD, consider Mira Mesa, a 
small, suburban town located eight miles 
northeast of La Jol1a. Bordered by 1- 15 on 
the east, Miramar Boulevard to the sou th 
and Sorrento Valley to the west , Mira 
Mesa compensates for its distance from 
campus with cheap, convenient living. 

What It's Like: Mira Mesa's prime 
charms are the cheaper rent and its prox-
imity to corporate shopping centers. And 
if you 're through with living in a cramped 
apartment and want to live in a house, 
Mira Mesa is full of homes available for 
rent. Rent per person ranges from $390 
to $645, according to UCSD Off-Campus 
Housing, making it one of the more 
affordable options near UCSD. 

Perks: Down Mira Mesa Boulevard, 
you'll find stores like Target, Bed, Bath 

[ MIRA MESA, page 81 



8 HOUSING THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 2006 

Beaches or 'Burbs, Just Name Your Price 

BILLY WONG/GUARDIAN 
Mira Mea: Sandlot Americana and big-box COII\IIIeI'Ce rule this cheap, bland suburb:lO 
minutesfrom UCSD. Erped chain restaurants,frustrating rosh-hours, and dirt-cMap rent. 

eateries and cocktail bars, is gen-
erally frequented by 40-something 
singles out to mingle. The east side 
of the freeway does not offer much 
in terms of after-dark excitement 
either, with only a movie theater 
to keep surrounding residents from 
absolute boredom. 

Lanclmarb: With the Del Mar 
Fairgrounds close by, students will 
find numerous weekend excitements. 
[n the summertime, the San Diego 
County Fair features live music and 
entertainment. Saturdays are time 
for shopping at the farmers' market, 
having coffee at the Stratford Court 
Cafe. or eating lunch at the must-try 
Board and Brew sandwich shop - a 
local favorite. 

- Natasha Naraghi 

Hillcrest/Mission 
Hills/North Park 

1 5-35 min. to UCSO 
$550-900/mo 

INVEST 

• MIRA MESA, from page 7 the east side of Interstate 5, is a 15-
and Beyond and Best Buy to name minute drive from UCSD. While the 
a few. Westview Parkway holds an San Diego city bus IO I makes the 
Edwards cinema and a Barnes & town somewhat friendly for those 
Noble bookstore. If you're in the without cars, life here requires a 
mood to bowl, go to Mira Mesa Lanes car. 
on a Monday night for $1 bowling. What It', Like: Strip La Jolla 
There are also chain restaurants and of its ritzy facade, add a touch of 
fast food joints everywhere. indud - small -town feeling, throw in a little 
ing In -N -Out, Carl's Jr., Buca di super-star mystic and you've got 
Beppo, Mimi's Cafe, Fuddruckers, El the surfer-, family- and retiree-filled 
Torito and Souplantation. neighborhood of Del Mar - a stark 

Where: The three neighborhoods 
of uptown San Diego are minutes 
away on city streets north of down-
town, with Interstate 8 and Mission 
Valley to the north and 1-5 to the 
west. There's a free shuttle until 9 
p.m. from the UCSD hospital in 
Hillcrest to Pepper Canyon Hall. and 
you can walk or bike a good distance 
through the urban grid from there, 
so these 'hoods are interesting places 
livable without a car. I N YOUR FUTURE 

As UCSD grows, so will 
the desirability of the 
surrounding community. 
Invest in property and in 
years your equity will pay 
off your student loans. Just 

_ _ - west of 1-5, less than a mile 

Sunny Morris 
REALTOR 
(858) 775·5801 Cell 

of UCSD, this condo boasts 
beautiful cherry wood 
kitchen cabinets, granite 
counters, stainless appli-
aces, travertine and 
carpeted floors. Located in 
the Villa Tuscana condo 
complex this 2bd.l2ba. 
Unit is ready to move in. 
Priced at 5539,000. 

Sunny.Morris@camoves.com I www.camoves.com/ Sunny.Morris 

Shitl: Irritating for some will be contrast to the stiff and swanky 
the 20-minute commute from Mira downtown of La Jolla. Carmel 
Mesa to UCSD. But depending on Valley, on the other hand, is home to 
the route, congestion can be avoided a plethora of soccer moms with far 
- especially once you're familiar too much plastic surgery and free 
with key shortcuts. time - not exactly the ideal envi-

Landmarks: Drive down Black ronment for the average college stu-
Mountain Road off of Miramar dent. Both areas offer apartments, 
Boulevard and you'll find a small homes and condominiums. Single 
Indian shopping center with two rooms a.re available for $550 to $700 
markets and very good Indian res- per month, while a three-bedroom 
taurants. Visit Surati Farsan for apartment is going to cost between 
Indian snacks or Ashoka for a buffet. $2,000 and $2.500. depending on 
If you're looking for a more original proximity to the beach, amenit ies 
eatery, Callahan's, an Irish-style pub and ocean views. • 
famous for its 30-cent chicken wings Perks: While the sandy hamlet 
on Wednesday nights, brews its own of Del Mar is not quite the party 
fresh beers and ales. town of Pacific Beach, it offers 

enough activity to occupy the aver-
- Christine Pae age UCSD student not seeking wild 

Del Mar/Carmel 
Valley 

10-1 5 min. to UCSD 
$550-700/ mo 

nightlife. The beaches are a major 
attraction, as are the grassy areas of 
Powerhouse Park - the perfect spot 
for a casual weekend afternoon bar-
becue with sunbathing and surfing. 
Since Carmel Valley is just across 
the freeway, it's just a short drive to 
the ocean. 

Where: The small beach town of 
Del Mar is approximately a five- to 
10-minute drive from the northwest Shih: Nightlife is much less 
corner of campus without traffic. accommodating for 20-year-olds, as 
Carmel Valley, its counterpart on the Del Mar Plaza, with its fancy 

Storage... Serving All of San Diego County 

delivered 

What It'. Like: Uptown San Diego, 
spread in gentrifying glory out over 
San Diego Mesa. makes for a stylishly 
unique retreat, utterly apart from 
both stucco suburbia (I.e. University 
City) and the Boring Student District 
(aka La Jolla/UTC). Mission Hills has 
the older mansions with hilltop views 
of the city, Hillcrest has the ethnic 
restaurant scene, bookstores and the 
gay community and North Park is 
a hipster/blue-collar hangout, with 
seedy "checks cashed" joints mixed in 
with a few fancy restaurants, a brand 
new Starbucks and notorious dive 
bars. Housing is a mix of apartments 
and densely packed. nifty (but small) 
prewar homes. Urban fantasies come 
at a price - from $600 per month for 
a solo room to $900 if you want your 
own studio apartment. 

Perks: Living in the city. You can 
walk to any cuisine you've ever heard 
of, almost every cool bookstore in 
San Diego, a hundred thousand bou-
tiques specializing in pretty, unique 
things you don't need, live music 
on the weekends and Balboa Park. 
Cool neighbors abound - queers 
and hipsters being generally more 
entertaining than surfers and muffs 
- creating a home life rather differ-

[HILLCREST, page 9 J 

21" Wheeled Back Pack 
1"1~J:.r. ~ SIze 

® • Have a "Big Box" delNered to you 
• Load ~ at your /esure 
• It'H be stored in our secure, indoor facilities 
• Access your belongings 2417 

WWW.BIGBOX.COM • Fotget having to rentAoacVun/oad a truck 

858-454-5531 
TIl. IlARO.'5 NEAtI. I'OIITIUILE S'IORlfGE Pro"""", 

Hidden beck peck Itrapa .... atored 
behind a pacIded back pa .... 
Remov8b1e front day pack. 

_ .... $8999 
2I"WhIeIecI Beck PICk 

~171.oo $11'.99 
~ CrMk, IIEI • SIImt DIIIgn 

FrIme PIdtIIt our 
dlecount prtceel 

THURSDAY, APRil 27, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

. Diverse Urban Dwellings Deliver Ups and Downs 

ALEKANOER VARONO/GUARDIAN 
Del Mar: Literally 'o/the OC«ln'for you ignorami, this lIillage's name reveals its main attraction - but not its equal/y breathtaking rmts . 
• HIUCREST, from page 8 
ent from the usual grind. Welcome to 
the urban playground, where bore-
dom is not an option. 

Shill: Living in the city. Rents 
are higher and you'll go broke eating 
tasty food every day. The dense grid 
makes for dense traffic, and park-
ing can be difficult. Naievete regard-
ing petty theft and other crime will 
be unlearned quickly. but don't be 
scared by (occasionally vocal) home-
less people. Shedding their hippie 
spirit, Hillcrest and Mission Hills are 
already somewhat yuppified (Audis 
and BMWs aplenty). and North Park 
is on its way. 

Landmarks: Hillcrest and North 
Park have nifty neon signs above 
their main intersections. For local 

flavor, try famous burgers at City 
Deli, blazing Kra Pow at Celadon 
and the mind-bogglingly cheap 
Sushi Deli. Hang out in Balboa Parle 
on a Saturday. hit the Hillcrest thrift-
store circuit or stroll along University 
Avenue and try not to stare at the 
transsexuals - at least before mak-
ing friends with them. 

- Ian S. Port 

Clairemont 
10-20 min. to UCSD 

$425-650/mo 
Where: Clairemont is a diverse 

community located south of state 
Route 52 and east of Interstate 5, no 
more than 15 minutes from cam-

pus. Just south of University City, 
Clairemont is also easily accessible 
from many different bus lines, indud-
ing the 5. 25, 27, 41.« and SO. 

What U', Like: Although seen 
as a poorer neighborhood known 
more for its meth labs than its bar 
scene, most of Claire mont is quiet, 
suburban sprawl, with ranch hous-
es inhabited by retired couples and 
families. It may lack the social atmo-
sphere of Pacific Beach, but it com-
pensates with the lowest rents this 
side of Chula Vista - room rentals 
can range from as little as $4SO to as 
much as $700, and it is not too dif-
ficult to find a four-bedroom house 
in the $2,000 to $2,200 per month 

[ CLAIREMONT, page 101 

r---------------------------------. 

Thlnkln, of Movin, Off Ctlmpus1 
Tell Your Parents to Buy Q 

Condo for You/ 
WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... . 
• Use the tent money CO PfIY fw the mortgGfJe, •• 
• You live In the condo for RIfE. and •.. 

HOUSING 9 

' ... YfXlr parents can write off the Interest on the rnortgGget 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
FintstrtaltorfJ"otmai/.cam • www.cbcallfomi/l.comltobin 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

summer travel, study abroad & more 
Sample fares from III" DIego: 

Fresno $151 
Colorado SprIntS t202 

Dallas $246 

Sample fltres from s.ra ...... : 

London $550 
Prague t.70 

Bangkok $803 
Visit StudentUnlve ..... com for cheap student airfares 

on major airlines to 1,000 destinations aaoss the US 
and around the world. 

SUN GOD FESTIVAL COMING-FRIDAY, MAY 12TH!! 

~ 
Self ~~ A-1Storage· 

www.a1stonCe.com 

orne. Hours: 
9 a.m. to 6 p.m. M-F 
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. s-s 

Just minutes 
away from 
campus! 

Fashion Valley 
619-296-5200 
1501 Frazee Road 

Clalremont Mesa Blvd. 

KeamyMesa 
858-56()'5660 
5654 Copley Drive 

Offer valid at Fashion Valley or Kearny Mesa locations only. For new customers only. 
Subject to B'lailabllity. On select unlts- wltlle supplies last. Cannot be combined with 

any other discounts or offers. Expires 6/ 30/06 

--------------------------------_. 

L 

Domino's 
Delivers 

to 
UCSD! 

CALL 45l-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. (452-8273) 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. lOam-I am, Fri. & Sat. 10 am-2 am 

•• trltonplus .• fII31 Charm for woke orden only please 
Order ONUNE at _.OomlnosSanD/ero.com 

-+ GUARDIAN SPECIAL 
3 MEDIUM 
l-topping 
PIZZAS 

LA JOLLA/UCSD DOMINO'S 3211 Holiday Court 
(818)4S1-817J(UCSD) 

, 

Good on ~ Tossed and Thin Grul l. Deep 0i0I1 S 1 Ema. Sl .~ OeIiY1lry Charge. 

---------.1 



• I 

10 HOUSING 

T eke Back the Night 
Ii ~'f;?'.~.~'~ it 
A Rally Agai~t Rape and gexual A£:£:ault 

.~ **-·~~o~ 'l:f 
~~re~ 

Walk 
Run 
Bike 

Shuttle 
to UCSD 

......... -.,. 

gpoN.;ored by 
A.g. Women'£: Cornrni£:ion 

co. "0 • I • I U •• 

SeNoOfflce Ho.n9:l4IAM· s:eo PM Dol.,. lsa.4S1.363l' 
1540 Via MoIIan: .. u JaIIl. CA gY1. www.wI1IaIojaIJ.< f _ 

'PrIce wh ....... -'<L 

Confidential Egg Donors 
Needed Immediately! 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRil 27, 2006 

Inland Living Leaves Behind the Car-less 
University City 

7-20 min. to UCSD 
$400-700/mo 

Where: University City is the lit-
tle slice of suburbia that runs along 
Governor Drive between Interstate 
80S, state Route 52 and 1-5, separated 
by Rose Canyon from the University 
Towne Center area to its north. It's a 
mere five- to seven-minute drive to 
campus, a two- to three-minute trip 
to the closest Cityshuttle stop (UTe 
mall) and an easy (except for the 
up-and-down through Rose Canyon) 
15-minute bike ride if you don't mind 
being accompanied by three lanes of 
attention-deficient SUV drivers. As 
for public transportation, the 5 and 
4 I city buses serve the area. Still, now 
that you're in the suburbs, you should 
get yourself a car, or a really good 
friend . 

HiIIenat: It's not quite the Castro, but there's no doubt about who else lives here. With both rainbows, 
homeIt:ss and reol boobtores, it's the closest p/aa! to owrrome your suburban ajfrctaMns. 

What It'slikc: This is where fami-
lies live, so expect to see punk kids 
playing in streets and houses that look 
nicer than yours - that's right, hous-
es. If you want your own castle (not 
an apartment or condo), University 
City is one of the closest options. 
Expect to pay $2,000 to $2,800 for a 
three- to four- bedroom house. Most 
of University City's houses are old, 
ugly and made from no rt10re than 
five different models, which means 
you always know where the "other" 
bathroom is at someone's party. This 
is a place where you make friends 
with your neighbors, know the check-
er's name at the Henry's market down 
the street and get "the usual" when 
you stroU into Courtesy Liquor/Deli. 
There's not much here, so you should 
get to know aU of it. 

~ CLAIREMONT, from page 9 
range. These are Mira Mesa prices 
with University City's 100:ation. 

Perks: As stated above, 
Clairemont's main perk is the rela-
tively cheap rent. If you like to actu -
ally find parking, find quiet time to 
do work. find dozens of affordable 
eating options and fmd money to be 
able to buy things, then Clairemont is 
a great option. And since the neigh-
bors dOll't have the same constant 
influx of students as University City 
or PB, they don't already hate you . 
Also. the weather in Claire mont is 
spectacular - it 's inland enough to 
be hot and sunny, but not so far as 
to be desert disgusting. J get my Ian 
on at least twice a week, no overcast 
beach necessary. 

Shits: C lairemont is a big com-
munity, so different parts have dis-

SeaWorld 
AO,'''lll.' PAliK 

"'0,.-

Ovuviewof position: 

tinctly different flavors. The blue-
collar charm dissipates moving east 
on Clairemont Mesa Drive toward 
Interstate 80S, and the areas near 
Claire mont Drive and Balboa Avenue 
are s.imilarly trashy, replacing cutely 
campy ranch houses with shotgun 
bungalows and dingy apartment 
buildings. The chance for neighbor-
ing college students in these parts 
is low. 

Landmarks: Whether you are 
mini-golfing at Boomer's, shooting 
pool with the locals at The Hungry 
Stick, eating quality sushi at hole-in-
the-wall Sushi Garden or taking in a 
game at the plush Skybox Sports Bar, 
there is plenty to do in Clairemont -
meth not included. One can be quite 
self-sustaining, but a car is a must. 

- Adam Staley 

Perks: Since the setup is houses 
with backyards, University City is the 
perfect place to tart that garage band 
you always wanted, or to throw that 

[ UNIVERSITY cm, page II I 

Sea World Adventure Park San Diego 
is currently looking for 

Tour Guides 
• Educates park guests, school groups, camp partici-

pants, and private pa nics about marine animal infor-
mation at animal exhibits throughout the park. 

• Previous work or volunteer experience in camps, mu-
seums, classrooms or other informal educational set-
tings preferred. 

• Maintains and enforces the safety of the park guests 
and marine animals at exhibits throughout the park. 

Preferred Ski1Is _d Education: 

• Must be at least 18 years of age, have a high school 
diploma and/or equivalent, and pass a prc-cmploy-
ment written test and microphone assessment. 

• Good public speaker: comfortable in from of large 
groups. 

• Must have a valid California driver's license and 12 or 
more units of coUege credits are preferred. 

VioiIlIw W.", .. jon-. J.IaiIN "'""'*'" ofda. ____ 

Apply In person: Sea World Employment Center 
500 Sea World Drive, San Diego, CA 92109 

Houn of Operation: Monday-Friday 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. 
Office: (619)226-3842 web site: seaworldJobs.com 

We Believe In You. 
Sea World i.s an Eqwl Oppurtuni!J Empk[ytr 

\', 

~Y, ~ 27, 2006 1HE UCSO CI.WIDWI 

UCers Unite At Courtesy LiquorlDeli 

MGENTlNA • BUENOS AIRES . 
..... ttna: Theatre, FJtm, Spectacte and Humin RtFts 
.uy .31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

INGLAND • LONDON 
.... EfIIIand 
...... 26 : July 29, 2006 

;":."0, MERIDA 
....,..., of Mateo 
...,31 .. ~. 2, 2006 

!iIPJ ... ·MADfiIID 
"SpIJdsh ~ In MIIdi1d 
June 26 - July 29, 20CII 

VIETNAM • HUE 
~VIetnIm 
July'31 - SIpt. 2,2006 

HOUSI!IIG 11 



12 HIATUS 

•• 

, I 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

Five Bucks a Show .11 
• COM:HB.LA, from page 6 
makeup runs. (This year, the smart ones will 
pretend they're Devendra Banhart devotees 
and wear flowing hippie robes and turbans. 
That, or dress like Madonna in better times.) 
You won't regret it when you enter a concert 
tent only to realize that you can't see the 
stage' due to the condensation hanging above 
hundreds of perspiring brows. But this can 
work to your advantage in making your way 
through the crowd, as it dissuades even the 
most rabid of fans from pressing against one 
another too tightly. 

Oh, and don't plan on meeting up with 
any friends, or drifting away from your fes-
tivalmates either. Thousands of cell phones 
crowding the network at once equal complete 
communication breakdown. It's not a pretty 
sight. What's even uglier is the hours of post-

THURSDAY, APRil 27, 2006 

or $167 Dehydration? 
Coachella traffic just to get out of the p4rking 
lot - if you can bear to, skip out on the end 
of the last act. 

And so, reviewing these notes, I came to 
my final decision to abstain from this round. 
Maybe I'm too lazy, maybe I'm too cheap, 
maybe myoid bones require smaller venues 
instead of elbowing the sweaty masses. But if 
you're a freshman or have never been to such 
a production, erase everything I said, dream 
big festival dreams, and do it right. Which is 
to say, get drunk, get sunburned, lose your 
friends, miss half the bands, and come back 
extremely content. 

Two days, 17 hours, 38 minutes and five 
seconds ... And just a few more before you 
watch Sigur R6s play under the palm trees 
silhouetted against the pink desert sunset. 

Damn you. 

Novice Playwrights Premiere Their Brood 
• BALDWIN, from page 6 
gay men do." It quicldy becomes apparent that 
the men can't just fulfill their physical desires 
because their lives are suffused with deeper 
issues. For Martin, these pertain to his lingering 
memories of Sept. 11. 

"People don't really talk about it," Lewin 
said. ". mean, I was there and nobody ever 
asked me about it. There's a kind of overlap with 
the world of being a gay man in New York City 
· .. a callousness and a dryness and an emotional 
distance that ultimately hurts." 

McKee hopes that students who are reluc-
tant to go to the theater will relate better to this 

batch of new pIays. ". think it's a really great 
opportunity for UCSD students to come see 
works by living playwrights, by people who are 
pretty dose to their age," he said. 

The B4lJwjn New Pllly Festival will be 
staged at the Mandell Weiss Forum Theatre, the 
Mandell Weiss Forum Studio, and Gtllbraith 
Thta/rr 157. The festival lasts through April 29. 
Tickets for UCSD students art $ IO (except for 
the ont-act pWys, which art fret) and can be 
purchased at the box office or by calling (858) 
534-4574. For mort info on sptcific performance 
dates and times, go to http://theatre.ucsd.edul 
newplayfestlnpftl6.htm. 

THURSDAY, APRil 27, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

recordings¥------------:-----
Various Artists 
• Tsatsl Orltlnll SouncHrack 
MIINI 

Those who took Oscar's nod to heart and saw this yar'. foreign film winner, the captivatintl South African "Tsotsi,· know that half its charm entered by way of 
ear. When the title character's unruly, ghetto-scarred face 
is introduced by abrupt zoom and the opening buzz beats 
of rapper ZoIa's "Mdlwembe; he is instantly undentood 
and we are hooked. 

lola, named after one of the most violent neighbor-
hoods in Soweto (the region of Johannesburg, South 
Africa, where "Tsotsi" takes place), currently heads 
the "Kwaito" South African hip-hop movement. Just as 
American street-hop channels the angry energy of its 
youth, Kwaito captures the spirit of the modern African 
rebel, straining the native sounds of jazzy mblUlanga, 
whistling kWeUl, and synthey marabi through the hip-
hop filter into a house-worthy dancehall all its own. 
Zola commands nearly half the infectious soundtrack. 
half-rapping, half-chanting in Zulu with a sprinkling of 

heavily accented English. 
Though the film', score truly belongs to the visuals 

it carried and cannot be fully appreciated without a 
vague memory of its context. the symphonic sorrow and 
harmonious chants that narrated a young boy's hardship 
have undeniable beauty, and are complimented by the 
urban, ornamental thud of Kwaito. It's admittedly dif-
ficult to handle such a large dose of full-on Africa (one 
starts to feel a little like Simb. being dangled over Pride 
Rock), and a few laughably literal tracks somewhat spoil 
the ambiance (MI've got no rna, no pa, no sis, no bra and 
iI's killin' me softly," raps Bongz on Ishmael's cheesy trib-
ute to the movie's young gangster). But the album suc-
ceeds in transporting us back to the motherland, putting 
some jump back in our hop-step and some bongo back 
in our ears. 

- Siinone Wilson 
STAFF WRITER 

Congnss moves to cat 
Student Loan FundIng. 

'lilt SIIIIII '-II....., ........ _ 
.......... 'M~5.ft ......... ... 
.... UI. 
'IIIt .... ~'-II ....... __ • 
fltJ .. n. ................ UI. 
.-.... -._11 ....... .. 

HIATUS 13 

V, 
IIA SPEU8INDERI THE SlUFF THAT DREAMS 

ARE MADE OFI TANTAUZINGI" 
---

K 
&«11 ". tI"--b7-~ 

DffWII_ •• 11I_,,,, ___ blll •• lJtI.111I111111IJII ... 1IlIIII.1II111l 
• __ .III:III ... _IIGI ... __ ... .UBl-'lllIRIrII._a 
~ _ _ .... __ ._ ..... , ........ ~ .~ ,C, ?~ 

s .. rro ..... . 
BIG saa ... IJIOD&'I'! 

$8.161 hour 
6-15 hours/week 

- apps due by May 
at 11:00AM! 

AJ flJuty 1, m. ....... 011 
SIIftixd ... PUJS loa will 
iDImIe eo a fixed ... 

........................ ...., .... 
,. ....... ,.rw.t ... a-... ,. .... 
·"IIIJI.,,-

Consolidation Fedtures 
(j3ea 

• LodIh. LOll FIIId iIIINIt ,. 
• NoprllClllllngflleo ........ 
• 0nI--.. ... 1IIIIIIINp,.,.... 
• ... ...,.,...._.eo30,... 

CIllo SIoIIIgI , !!:!' 
._ .... _ .............. _-...... 
..... __ ... _-

·111 ....... --

~m.~------~ 
1-800-482-4262 
.....".....-....-..... 

KattlIeen L Koomlck lI2~ 
..... 1' ....... '.-

AIhdo Pert K285 _f 
• 1 $ 1. • 5',... 

'-___ www.hInatudtntIoan.com 

Hana F'manclal, Inc. 
'-- ----_ ..... _- .... _-, .. 
........ ('1_ ......... .., _ 

-' 

, 



- . 

.. 

14 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
NEW BIOLOGY NONMAJOAS COURSE by Prof. 
Mel GtHn (BILO 84) frontleB In BIomedIdne 
Is sure to pleaSl!I MWF 1001IAm SUrnnM!r 
SessIon fl . (5/4) 

EMPLOYMENT 

'Round • J Table 
PI1. L 1\ 

HOW HIRING 
ALL SHIFTS 
... dleHours 

We WOIk around )'OUr class schedule 
Some meals 

Suo-. 0., CAIIIpI. L.A. AnL Swimming. 
hones, sports. arts and crafts, beaches, ropes 
courses, and much more www.daycampjobs. 
com. (5/30) 

...... s..- JoIIs. LA. ArH. GaIn 
valuable experience while working with chil· 
dren In a variety of fun Sl!ltlngs www.dayc-
ampjobs.com. (5130) 

,--------

Summer Day camp CounSl!iors Neededl Stay 
here In SAn Diego; 0rM a camp van to and 
from camp in Rancho f'enasquitos Uust east 
of Carmel Valley). Make a diff1!rence In the life 
of a child! 8S1H87-6000. www.outposlsum-

THE UCSO GUAROIAN' 

THE~IAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD GwHdIan merws the right 10 classify. edit. ... oItIMw WOld. And pIw-. 
andIOl FeMe any And .. adverti_ without prior noctIIcMIon. The AdvertIs. wtI not 
hold the GuotdIon I~ for Any cillml resulting from the pubIIcMIon d the ~ 
The publisher will ., not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement INde 

~the~ondthec~. 
CDPI' should be revtewed '" the acMnIser for IHrGn. In order to be corNCted In the next 
NgUIar Issue, all tmIB InUIt be NpOrIed by the conespondlng deecIIne. Credit will only be 
gillen fbr the Inconect ponton dthe ~ lhIte _ no oefwIdI for ancetIMIons. 
............. _ .1 ... _ ........ 0 ....... 
UCSO ....... Attn: n ......... tsOO ..... Dohe ..,16, LA .... CA UOIJ. 
AdullIocMIoe: Student c:-.. __ 217. 

mercamps.com (4n7) 

Day Camps - SAn ferNndo I Conejo Valleys. 
CounSl!lors. LifegUArds. Gym. fishing, 
canoeing. Hor1eback Riding, Music. Dralllil. 
Mor.. $3000-$3600+- I summer. 888-784-
CAMP. www.worbtcamp.com (5/8) 

LooItIng for San DIego hottIe. PIT pr0mo-
tional wort ca_1ng on mall stones. Flu hoots, 
bubbly personality a must. OrAnge Co. based 
company. Contact Rlck 714-612 .... 26, thes· 
trlpper-'nc~hoo.com (412n 
InCerMt ........... C-..... - exallMt 
comm. skills. degIee, basic knowledge of ~ 
commerce and web dewIopment required. 
Fast-paced environment. One of SO'5 fast· 

est !J'Owing compinies with advancement 
opportunities. SW1 after degree. send resume 
to sufllnrnodaryco.com. (4127) 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. $725.$10-......, 
CalIJ.ckl 

(858)515-2144 
Swf InIIrudDn: Surf DIva Surf ScIIooI, the 
origInIl 5Urf school for women and !jfIs, LA 
JoIIaI Surf Camp, and AustrIIIIn Surf Aademy 
are acapting app/IatIons. EmIlI cowr fet-
ter And resume dmIIIng yow surf And work 
ecpeIItlCe to ~ or fix 10 
8S8-4S+8S05. (4127) 

Internet MarUting Consulan1 - EIuIIen1 
comm.. skills, degree. bIsIc knowledge d e-
commerce and web d_lopme"t required. 
FASt-paad environment One d 50's fast-
est growing CCHl'1Pftes with ~ement 
opportunities. Startaftef degree. send mume 
to suflanmoclaryco.com (4J2n 
Part-time dog walker. Reliable. flexIble, have 
transportation and auto Insurance. See web 
site www.sandyspetcare.com or email me at 
sandrahlillOOOaolcom. (5/4) 

BARISTA: RESPONSIBLE. MORNING PERSON. 
Make espresso drinks, customer service. han-
dle dally operations. FT Mon-fri 6am-Ipm. 
11696 Sorrento Valley Road 858-259-8359. 
(5/1) 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $I per JO-* 
FClCuIty .. StAIJ: '7.50 ... zo ~ 

All ochen: '12 ... JO-* 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPlAY 
AD Rates 

$21 •• per coMnn IndI 
.,......: 

I'IIb. DoIII DIopIoy Ado Uno Ads 
.... 4,..MOII1" 4,..MOII1 .. 
1'hon. 4,.. TIt I .. 4,.. nil .. 

camp CounSl!ior. 10$ an hour. Corne Into 
RIMAe and ~ recrNlion.ucsd.edulclu, 
Reference JobI619072 (SlI) 

P.rt ............ or ..... for. Mon.-Sat. 
Night shift. 4:15-9:15; day shift 10:30-2:30. 
MATSUGAWA. Roe Japanese dining In ()@f 
Mar downtownl 858-692-11 SO (Angle. Gen 
ManAger), 858-204-4831 (JustIn). (514) 

ChltdcareJNanny NEEDED for one child. I 
~ pmchooler. Part-time, M-Th 
In ow home ,.. campuL NAncy. 1SH47· 
3350,ex.1019.(412n 

Looting for ~. SolO houn weekly. 
$IOJtu. 2 toddler boys. Carmel VAlley. Need 
rNrences. un Amy, 858-92H1107. (412n 
ExperIenced CHiLDCARE needed eICh Mon 
(9-2) MId W!d (10-4) In Carmel VAlley home 
for enetvetk ...,.. old. Cal 858-t11·3438 
wtth refMnces. (4127) 

ChIkkMr. Fun In the sun with 3 curious And 
energetic IddsI family with 3 children ages 
3-7 Is looking b fIloIdt* hIIp .. school 
through June. And fuI.tIme June • August. 
Athletic dub membership benefit! EmaIl 

~for detaIIsI (SlI) 

FOR RENT 
3, 4. 5-bedroom house/townllouses for rent 
near UCSO. Available July. 2-car garage, wash-
ef Idryer and applJinces. community pool. 
Call .lames 858-354-2106 or ~ jamesleere 

~gIobal.net (5/4) 

3-bedroom condo near UCSO. UTC. avail-
able September. $19S01month. Washerldryer 
Includled. Near bus line. ell (858)792-5934. 
(5/4) 

On Campus Summer Job . Be I Knock Around Spacious 3-bedroom tri-MI townhouse 

Saturday. May 13 • 2006 
The Episcopal Student Association at UCSD 

and the San Diego Center for Ethics in 
Science.and Technology 

present; 

Four nationally respected authorities will 
share their knowledge on aspects of this 
social justice question. 

• Scientific Foundations. 
larry Goldstein, Ph.D. 

• Moral Costs. 
Wesley Smith, J.D. 

• Public Perceptions. 
John Evans, Ph.D. 

• Political Implementation. 
Alta Charo, J.D. 

Registration requi!ed • http://ethiclcenter.net/ 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 ModrIcI howe 
5 Plow ... " 
10 McMd qu1ddy 
14 Hp .... 
15~'-' 
16 Mod. CUI! .... 
'7 filii mIIiI8Iy .,.,.." 
1 'I PIJeIk: niP. 
20 ,... ond )ImItor 
21-...... 
23 PC illy 
24 T .... d 
26 s..up_ 
2'l""""" 31 ...... 1o.~_ 

32 Brill ........... OIICI! 
3S W ... crnlt!r 
36 Sanoled 
3'1V.mhh ...... 
40 G_cIop 
42 ~ThurnwI 
43 Flounceo 
4S lick or I'ItridI 
41 "-Yo ct.ados 
52 Can .... 
53 _ftis 
55",_ 

56~. 51 FamIIy ___ 
60 Some VICldra 
62 Old ... chaIc:e 

THURS~Y, APRIL 27, 2006 

near GilmAn. U W" SquAre. Available 
SeptembIr. Wtsher~, ~ garage. pooI/ 
spa. $24OOf1llOnlh. Cal8S8-792-64SJ. (514) 

. LA JOLLA FURNISHED ROOM in townhouse 
near UCSO and bus. UtIlIties pnMcIed, kltch-
en privileges. Giadu.te and post-doctorlte 
preferred $1700. 858-450-6935. Avallllble 
ncM.(S/4) 

FOR SALE 
2000 ~ AIMo Gl 4-dr autolNltlc, 
VIN I GlNlS2T8YC332036 AIC. pcMer steering 
• windows, cruIY, AM/FMICD. 28.700 miles! 
$7.00 OlIO. Gerry 1158-27&-4692. (Sl4) 

WANTED 

1~JEWlSH ASHKENAZI 
EGG DONOR NEEDED 

We .... seeking women who haft 
bIue-green ~ .... 1.RIer the age of 

29, SAT 1300+, p/IysIaIllyfiUnd 
maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 
If you hive a desire to help an 

Infertile family and would fike more 
Information pINse contact us. 

sa.-(PLlSALL EIPIIISES) 
EIIIIII: ...... ~ 

' ... 21 ..... 

WANTED: EJaceptioNI Egg Donors NNded. 
$l1000-$ 15000 for quIIlfIed. responsible 
AppIIants. All ethnic badIgrouncIs welcome. 
Special Need for JewIsh. AsIan. and East 
Indian donors. Close personal support by 
expertenced donor. Call Dawn • 951~ 
7466. Full Info AI wwwhrtilltyaltemattves. 
com(6IB) 

SERViCES 
Auto ServIce And IIepIIr in MIramar. QuAlIty 
Job AI DIscounted PI1ceJ lA Off .... dill 
... UII 1158-530-2886, www.Autoexcellnc. 
com(412n 

AwIrd-wInoIIng ~ I'IISSUM tNChes 
you 10 self treat hRdaches, bIck pain. stress 
And _ b only $5. 800-521-6384, www. 
~(Sl4) 

Tennis • Noon - USPTR Instructor will meet 
you at the Muir Courts for a 45 min. lesson any 
time between 11·2. M·f. UCSD special: 1 or 2 
players $20. Call 619-787-S47S (4127) 

PERSONALS 
ADIIAIII'S IIOVII TIIMA: In the movie 
'WeddIng Cmhers,' how many 01 the 17 
wedldings to be crashed had ash bars? EmAil 
_to~.edu(412n 

1>4 CafeIori8 arrier 
65 HJWUnd I8ncbwner 
66 DI-.:e unit 
67 "Only TIme" Ii ..... 
68 s-III"II 
6'1 Oun'fI ..... "II 
IXJWN 
1 Old fogy 
2 ()ppmaI 
3 PIck out 
4 "'-'dous 
5 X-wd. duo 
6 0wenIct 
7 UIoe_ .... 
II ............. 

'1 '~ 
10 Fran ... pIKe 
11 1'171 IteIIDn ~ wIIh 'The" 
12 SlIver 01 "JImecop" 
13 CApItol d s-pl 
III """-JUdd 
22 Not DIm. or Rep. 
25 Rauoh III' .".. 
27 PIIn1IId IIantI 
211 PIKtIanI 01100: abbr. 
30 .wn. 
31 Apiece 
33 AI~ anc:e 
34 w. 11emI ... __ .". 
36 ~DendI 
37 Selmon Iip4 
311 flec1nHnlpltk ..... tian 
40 "--
41 .... o.y 
43 WIINn ..... 
44o..pNf. 
46 MIIanIIIII fNIt 
47 The IlKa'I EdJt 
49 a-.sIde 
50 Hlcilnllhoe",.. 
51 ........ or 8uIIan 
53 '1Cnat_ 

:;~, 
59 w.pana 
60 s.III_MIrIe 
610.,..( ...... 
., a...-• .". 

.... a_wGid ........... . 
_.w ....... "'J'a-_ .. J 

THURSDAV, APRIL 27, 2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

Antelopes Run AllOver Struggling Tritons 
• BASEBALL, from page 16 
his first errors in almost the four years 
he's been at UCSO. It's no big deal. It's 
a nonleague game and I think we got 
[the errors] out of our system for the 
next eight games that really count." 

Tanner, whose two errors in the 
fourth inning led to two unearned 
runs and increased the AnleiOpeS' 
lead to )) . ), agreed with Clement that 
UCSO's defense, and his specifically, 
will be fine in crunch time. 

"I put a lot of hard work into 
[defense], but I've just been getting 
some tough hops and not been find -
ing the right hops to pick up the 
ball; he said. "It's just unfortunate, 
but it's jusl something you've got 
to forget abOUI and bounce back 
because you're going to get a lot 
more of them." 

Although many of Grand Canyon's 
runs can be attributed to defensive 
lapses, UCSO's pitching was also 
problematic. as junior southpaw start · 
er Todd Gimenez only lasted ) 1/3 
innings. giving up six earned runs on 
six hits and a walk. 

Gimenez blamed his troubles not 
on his defense, but on his failure 
to keep the ball down in the strike 
zone. 

"I have all the confidence in the 
world in our defense," he said. "My 
big problem Ialely has been keeping 
the ball down. As long as ( keep the 
ball down, they usually hit ground 
balls rather than hard line drives or 
Oy balls ... If I can keep the ball down 
in the zone, everything should work 
out for us and I'll let our defense do 
the work." 

GREG DALE/GUARDIAN 
UCSV's three errors against Grand Canyon led the Antelopes to a 13'7 win on April 25. 

Although some players remain its quite possible that if we win the 
confident, the Tritons know they have series, we have a shot at making this 
to improve their play to make the tournament. We are a very good ball-
playoffs. As of now, they hold a CCAA club, we just haven't been showing it 
record of ) 5-13 and need to pass at lately," 
least Cal State Dominguez Hills, Cal While Gimenez was focused on the 
Slate San Bernardino and Cal State task al hand, Clement, who went 4-for-
Stanislaus in the standings to pick up 5 with two runs and three RBIs on a 
the fmal berth in the tournament. The home run in the loss to Grand Canyon, 
Tritons are within reach of those teams, explained a different approach to the 
but must play their best ball in the fmal upcoming series and UCSD's playoff 
eight games. hopes. 

·We have to win both series; · We try not to think about that," 
Gimenez said. "Not necessarily go Clement said. "We jusl go out and try 
8·0, but take three out of four in each to win every single game and count it 
series, which is very possible. It's still like it's the last game of the year. The 
possible for us to go 8·0 with these coaches know all the playoff possibili-
teams coming up because they're at ties, but we just try not to pay attention 
the bottom of the standings. I think to if' 

Volleyball Sees Bright Side In 2-27 Season 
• VOLLEYBALL, from page 16 
do because I see no alternative." 

The only questions remain on the 
position of outside hitter, but Ring 
expects everyone to step in and get 
ready to perform. 

"Losing [the seniors] is a big bulk 
of our offense, but we have so many 
positions that are solid next year; 

Ring said. "Now it's time for the guys 
to work hard over the summer and 
be ready to go in the fall. I have high 
expectations for the team. and we have 
a good opportunity next season~ 

Next year, Oierdorff will aim for 
the UCSO assist record and the Tritons 
will continue to work hard, building 
off the little momentum they had at 

the end of this season to accomplish 
even more. 

"I would say that our season was a 
success; Dierdorff said. "I don't believe 
that success depends on the number of 
wins you have on your record. We did 
everything that we could every day to 
be the best possible volleyball team 
we could be. That is success." 

SPORTS 15 

LONGBOARD BUILDING 101 
"covered in Concrete Wave magazine" 

PRESENTED BY: 
Warren Student Activity Center 

Build your own custom 40" pintail7-ply maple skateboard deck 
Open to all UCSD students regardless of past experience with 

skateboarding. or woodwork FUN ATTITUDE A MUST! 
Included: wood. glue, wood stain, instruction and use of equipment 

Additional information about the class & dates at SAC, Warren Res ille or 
check out www.silverfuhlongboarding.com 

COST: $50.00, payable at registration 
Registration Deadline: May 8th, 2006 
SPACE IS LlMlTEO TO THE FIRST 12 

Bring to clas: do.ed·toe shoes, one old t-.hirt to be cut into rags. 
Gripupt, truw. wheels, .tc .. .. will be available for purchas. through the clas 

Question.? ca11534-4581 

CANYONVIEW POOL 
Check www.ucsdtritons.cDm for information on tickets and game time 

• 



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael Entun 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

1'HE4'GUARDIAN 

SPORTS 
HOT CORNER 

Katie Levien 
Softball 

The freshman cenlerfielder did quite a job fill-
ing in for starter Jenny Spencer, going 3-for-3 

with two runs, five RBIs and a home run in 
UCSD's 12-8 win over CSUSS on April 26. 

______________________ THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 2006 ____ _ 

BASEBALL 
TOPPED BY 
ANTELOPES 

By Rael Enteen 
SPORTS EDITOR 

A nine-run second inning put the 
UCSD baseball team in an early hole 
that proved to be insurmountable, 
as the Tritons feU to Grand Canyon 
University 13-7 on April 25 in their 
final nonconference game of the sea-
son. 

With the loss, UCSD drops to 26-
22 overall, but maintains its seventh 
place California Collegiate AthJetic 
Association standing heading into its 
final two series of the year. 

Although the loss did not affect 
their playoff contention, it does put 
a damper on the Tritons' spirits 
going into the most important part 
of the season. The team will face San 
Francisco tate University on the road 
and Cal State Monterey Bay at home 
to close out the season. Although the 
Gators and the Otters are the two last-
place teams in the CCAA, the Tritons 
will need to play better than they did 
against the Antelopes. In their last 
eight games, they have gone 2-6. 

The most recent home loss to the 
ntelopes left the Tritons questioning 

whether the game's shoddy defense, 
which allowed five unearned runs, will 
carry over to their upcoming series. 

One Triton, sophomore designated 
hitter Scott Clement, is confident that 
it will not. 

"They were just fluke errors," 
Clement said. "[Freshman shortstop 
Josh] Tanner made two of them at 
short and he's been real solid there all 
year long and then [senior centerfielder 
Damian] Fante, I think that was one of 

[ BASEBALL, page 15] 

No.8 State Wins Battle of San Diego Squads 
Down 6-4 in fourth 
quarter, No. 15 Tritons 
get on~ of two goals 
needed to tie, but fall 
to Aztecs in finale. 

By Nicky Buchanan 
STAFF WRITER 

The April 20 rnatchup between 
crosstown rivals San Diego State and 
UCSD attracted young and old fans 
alike to Revelle Plaza for a pregame 
tailgate party in celebration of the 
No. IS Tritons' season and the annual 
Harper Cup game. However, there 
was no postgame celebration, as the 
UCSD women feU to the Aztecs in a 
close 6-5 contest. The loss dropped 
the Tritons to IS- IS for the season, 
headed into this weekend's Western 
Water Polo Association Tournament, 
where an NCAA Championship 
Tournament berth is on the line on 
the Tritons' home court. 

The game also marked Senior 
Night for the Tritons, and they 
started out with a personal touch, 
as seniors utility Michelle Perkins, 
2-meter Kirsten Frazer, driver Flynn 
LaRochelle and goalkeeper Kaitlin 
Foe were honored for their dedication 
to the team. It was the younger girls, 
however, who started the Tritons off 
early, gaining a point a minute into 
the game on junior 2-meter Natalie 
Hockett's goal. Another goal by soph-
omore utility Nicole Hermann with 
2:09 on the clock put the Tritons 
firmly in control. 

San Diego State's Anna Gonzales 
retaliated with the Aztec's first point 
on the game. but the Tritons dealt 
another blow right after on a goal by 
UCSD senior 2-meter Frazer with 
only 31 seconds left to go, giving the 
Tritons a 3-1 lead going into the sec-
ond period. 

"We were very much in control of 

BII.lY WONG/CUARDMN 
Senior driuer Flynn LaRochelle was honored on Senior Night in the Tritons'marquee matchup against riual San Diego State on April 20. No. 15 
UCSD foil to the No. 8 Aztecs by afinal score of 6-5 in their last match before the Western Water Polo Association Tournament on April 28. 
the game defensively:' Perkins said. 
"We got lots of shots, it was just a mat-
ter of them putting the ball away and 
we couldn'!." 

This became clear in the second 
quarter, as San Diego State dominat-
ed. Ashley Taylor, Stacy Werner and 
Rachel Serna all scored, eliminating 
the gap and lifting the Aztecs to a 4-3 
halftime lead. 

One aspect of the game that didn't 
quite sit right with the girls, as Perkins 
explained, was that the head coach of 
the Aztecs was UCSD's assistant coach 
the previous year. 

"I felt like they had the inside 
scoop on our team," she said. 

Down by one at the start of the 
third quarter, the Tritons relied on 
Hockett, who scored her second goal 
of the game to tie it with 4:07 left 

in the period. But it didn't last long, 
as the Aztecs took a 6-4 lead with 
two more successful shots and only 
1 :58 left to play. Knowing it would 
take immediate scores, UCSD's junior 
2-meter defender Sarah Bajorek 
pounded what would be her team's 
last goal of the game at 1 :23, bringing 
the Tritons to within one at 6-5. The 
Tritons had two other opportunities 
to tie the game, but couldn't get their 
pressure shots into the net. 

"Those are the shots you remem-
ber most, and it's always frustrat -
ing," junior 2-meter defender Britta 
Nordstrom said. "But someone's got 
to lose, and we played well the whole 
game up to that point." 

The fight against the .Aztecs was 
minor in comparison to what the team 
will face when they host the Women's 

Western Water Polo Association 
Tournament from April 28 to 30. 
Twelve teams will compete for a spot 
in the NCAA Championships. The 
top four seeds in order are Loyola 
Marymount University, UC Davis, 
Santa Clara State and the host Tritons. 
The girls feel confident about their 
chances and are anxious for first -
ranked Loyola Marymount University, 
which they will face in the second 
match if all goes well. 

"That will be the hardest game 
of the tournament, but we only lost 
by one point to them last time, so 
we have a pretty good shot at taking 
them," Perkins said. "We're all pretty 
nervous, but we are ready for this to 
happen. The past doesn't really matter 
anymore because it all comes down to 
our performance in the tournament." 

Volleyball's Success Depends Not On Win Count But Improvement 
Tritons played well 
over last part of 
season, inspiring 
hope in next year's 
improved team. 

By Paul Choi 
STAFF WRITER 

How do you measure the success 
of the UCSD men's volleybaU team? 

The Tritons' goal was to make the 
Mountain Pacific Sports Federation 
playoffs, but they weren't even close, 
with an overall record of 2-27 and 
a 1-21 conference record. A com-
parison of the season's statistics to 
those of their opponents, the Tritons 
lagged in every category. 

"We had a stretch in the middle of 
the season where we weren't playing 
good volleyball," head coach Kevin 
Ring said. 

UCSD got swept 19 times, includ-
ing 12 consecutive matches after 
its first win of the season against 
Princeton University, 3-1. So how 
can this season not be a faiJure? 

"Asking our team why we didn't 
have very many wins this season is 
like asking our men'~ basketball team 
why they didn't beat Gonzaga when 
they played them earlier in their sea-
son," junior setter Brooks Dierdorff 
said. "The quality of our league is the 
best in the country and any win that 
we get is a huge accomplishment for 
our team." 

flashes of brilliance. Throughout the 
season, the team played against the 
national No. I seed four times and 25 
of its 29 matches were against ranked 
opponents. 

"We didn't accomplish with our 
win-loss record, but we played some 
pretty good volleyball near the end of 
the season," Ring said. "As part of the 
coaching staff, you always want to see 
the players finish strong." 

The team also lost one of its 
leaders in sophomore libero Joseph 
Sexton mid-season, forcing freshman 
Eric Leserman to step in. 

"[Sexton's) leadership was missed, 
because he has the ability to unite 
the team unlike any other teammate," 
said sophomore middle blocker John 
Mark Wendler. 

Even though things were not 
going their way, the UCSD play-
ers were pushed even harder by the 
coaches to improve and play voUey-
ball the right way. 

"We stressed that we aren't going 
to change what we do, or back off our 
training and we definitely worked 
hard to improve every game," Ring 
said. 

Even through the tough losses, 
the players bought into Ring's work 
ethic and coUectively decided to get 
better. 

"It's discouraging [to lose so many 
matches), but that's just another rea-
son to work harder," Wendler said. 

games. Their visit to the University 
of Hawaii, Manoa made them a bet-
ter team. 

"Going against No. 2 Hawaii and 
really just feeling the energy, play-
ing in front of 3,OOO-some-odd fans, 
it was amazing," senior opposite 
Chris Sayers said. "It really helped 
us get back focused and playing well 
together." 

With a new excitement for the 
game, UCSD came back home and 
took on Stanford University and beat 
the Cardinal for its first league vic-
tory. The Tritons demolished the 
Cardinal in four games, including a 
30-13 win. Sayers led the way with 
18 kills, six aces and 13 digs, while 
senior outside hitters Mike Reuter 
and Jon Daze contributed 14 and 12 
kills, respectively. 

Those three players led the team 
offenSively for most of the season and 
their play will surely be missed in the 
upcoming campaign. 

"They were the statistical leaders 
and will definitely be missed, but it 
creates an opportunity for new lead-
ers," WendJer said. 

The middle was strong through-
out the season with Wendler, junior 
middle blocker Garret Smith and 
sophomore middle blocker Stephen 
Shaw. The team's two main lead-
ers, Sexton and Dierdorff, who is 
600 assists behind the alI-time UCSD 
record held by Jordan Hove, will both 
be back. 

"It is exciting to know that I am 
near the top of the list in the assists, 
but my motivation d~s not come 
from wanting to break records; 
Dierdorff said. "I work as hard as I 

Though its record on paper was a !C!emingly abysmal 2-27 !eaSOn, the ooIleyball tfllm 
insists that the season was a success and willlflld to better play in future years. 

The Tritons faced the toughest 
opponents in the nation, night in 
and night out. Taking on mostly 
Division-I schools, UCSD struggled 
to play at a high level but still showed 

With that mindset, something just 
clicked during the last six matches 
of the year. The Tritons looked like 
another team, consistently playing 
weU together. They weren't making 
as many mistakes and tbey continued 
to make great plaYs. 'UCSD took on 
No. 8 UCLA and almost won two [ VOWYIAu, p. t 5] 


