
THE ROAD AHEAD FOR A DEM-RULED CONGRESS ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

MEDTEST 
MAY ADAPT 
FOR STATE'S 

DISABLED 
Discrepancies 
between federal and 
state definitions of 
disability prompt 
judge's ruling. 

By SilhanJin 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Changes will have to be made for 
some California tudents taking the 
Medical College Admi sion Test fo l-
lowing a judge's recent ruling forcing 
te t administrators to arrange special 
accommodations for students who 
qualify under the state standard of 
disability - a more inclusive measure 
compared to federal statutes. 

The Americans with Disabilities 
Act defines the term "disability" as "a 
physical or mental impairment that 
ubstantiaUy limits one or more of the 

major life activities of such individual." 
However, according to the 

California Fair Employment and 
Housing Act. the definition is "hav-
ing any physiological disease. disorder. 
condition. cosmetic disfigurement or 
anatomical loss [that) limits an indi-
vidual's ability to participate in major 
life activities:' thereby broadening the 
number of standards under which 
California students can be identified 
as "disabled:' 

Four plaintiffs with dyslexia and 
other learning disabilities brought the 
class-action lawsuit forward in May 
2005. When the plaintiffs requested 
more time on their exams due to 
their disability constraints, the MCAT 
administrators denied them under 
the reasoning that the plaintiffs did 
not qualify for extra time under the 
federal definition of disability. 

Disability Rights Advocates 
brought the lawsuit against the 
Association of American Medical 
Colleges. which argued that though 
a disability may have an effect on 
reading speed. it does not affect intel-
ligence and other abilities needed to 
become a physician. 

Roger Heller. an attorney from 
the DRA, stated on the organization's 
Web site that "until this trial. the 
Association of American Medical 
Colleges was out of touch with the 
medical facts regarding learning dis-
abilities and why accommodations 
like extra time make sense:' 

In his ruling, Alameda County 
Superior Court Judge Ronald Sabraw 
ordered the AAMC. which admin-
isters the MCAT. to foUow state law 
when in California and offer proper 
accommodations to aU test-takers with 
established disabilities. 

[ MeAT. page 3 ] 

FOCUS 

A Foot in the Door 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

RDI 
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13,2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Alleged Cult Sows Seeds Via Campus Event 
A religious group hosts an 
on -campus fashion show, an 
event that could be linked to 
a web that includes Interpol, 
South Korea and alleged rape. 

By Matthew McArdle 
NEWS EDITOR 

Members of a controversial religiOUS group. 
led by an international fugitive ~anted for numer-
ous instances of alleged rape and sexual assault of 
female members. recently held an event at UCSD. 
which included a modeling show featuring young 
women. singing and videotaped religious mes-
sages from the group's founder - hallmarks of the 
group's tactics to recruit new members. 

The group. known as the Global ASsociation of 
Culture and Peace. was established by 61-year-old 
South Korean national Jung Myung Seok. who also 
goes by the name Joshua Jung. The group. widely 
regarded by international press as a cult. also goes 
by several other names. including JMS. Providence. 
Setsuri and the Bright Smile Movement. 

lung, who established the cult nearly three 
decades ago. has been wanted by both Interpol 
and the South Korean government since 1999 after 
rape allegations became public. according to sev-
eral Asian newspaper reports. 

Jung was formally charged with rape in 2001. 
and was captured in Hong Kong in 2003. but 
posted his own bail and avoided South Korean 
extradition charges. His whereabouts have been 
unknown since then. although he is rumored 
to be hiding in China. according to Peter Daley. 
an English professor at South Korea's Keimyung 
University and a dedicated critic of lung who 
established an extensive Web site aimed at expos-
ing GACP's activities after his roommate became 

SPORTS 

involved with the cult. 
Since the allegations became public, numer-

ous other women have come forward with simi-
lar accusations. According to July reports from 
lapanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun. more than 
100 women have said-they were sexually abused 
or raped by Jung under the pretense of religious 
purification. 

"There is a history of abuse with this group." 
Daley said. "So many girls get raped by its leader." 

GACP is most active in Asian countries but has 
branches worldwide. Daley said. It concentrates 
its membership recruitment activities at elite uni-
versities. including the University of Tokyo. Kyoto 
University. Osaka University. National Taiwan 
University and. recently. UCSD. 

"Most of the former members 1 have spoken 
to encountered JMS on a university campus." 
Daley stated in a February 2006 article in the 
KeimyunK Gazette. ·Younger girls are also targeted 
for recruitment." 

The cult seeks members. according to Asahi 
Shimbun. by organizing sporting events. model-
ing shows. dance shows and other activities before 
inviting participants to Bible study sessions. where 
they are subsequently influenced to accept cult 
teachings that declare Jung as the true messiah and 
regulate members' sleeping and eating patterns. 
Former members have said that the group engages 
in brainwashing and extensive secrecy. and uses 
fun activities to build trust with recruits before 
introducing them to Jung's teachings. 

GACP's event at UCSD. called "Autumn 
Fantasy: The Spirit of Harvest:' w~ held on Oct. 
22 in Price Center Ballroom. 

The event featured an evangelical message 
. from Pastor David Baker. singing, a modeling 
show with the theme "Developing Beauty from 
Within," dance performances and a videotaped 
"inspirational message" about perseverance from 
Jung himself. 

Organizers spoke during· the function about 

COURTESY OF HEATHER WElLES 

Event spokesman Vincent Salazar monitored the entrance to 
the Peace Model USA fashion show in Price Center Ballroom. 
Jung's extensive knowledge of Biblical teachings. 
saying Jung had read the Bible 1.000 times. and 
referenced a story about lessons of ignorance 
involving a young girl who traveled with lung in 
Taiwan. 

"I've never met a man who loves God and who 
loves Jesus as much as Joshua Jung:' an announcer 
said at the event. 

In his video message. which ~as translated 
from Korean. lung addressed the UCSD on-cam-
pus audience specificaUy. 

"[ am very busy." lung said on the video mes-
sage. "For me to come out to a small meeting like 
thi i a big deal." 

The event, sponsored by UCSD's Korean 
Student Cultural Association. had been in the 
works since April . 

Former Ko.scA Vice President and UCSD 
alumnus leong Jin Seok reserved the ballroom 
in July. under a campus organization policy that 

l CULT, page 2 I 

INSIDE WEATHER 

Kicked Out Currents ..................... ............. 2 lights and Sirens ................... 3 
Internships provide a valuable gateway to Women's soccer ends a stellar season, losing 0-2 to ... ~.~~ Column .................................... 4 

Nov. 14 
H68LS7 

life after college. State College in the NCAA Championship Site Seen ...................... ........... 8 
page 8 ptge16 Cia sifieds ............................. 12 

Crossword ............................. 12 
ov. 15 Nov. 16 

H79 L56 H781.54 



2 NEWS 

BLOCKHEADS 

Student Org Pres. Said He Was 
Unaware of Event Sponsorship 
~ CULT, from page 1 
allows principal members of any 
group to Temain active during the 
ummer after graduation before a new 

set of principal members takes over. 
On th~ official UCSD Event 

Calendar Form. Seok listed the event 
as a cultural activity open to all UCSD 
students featuring "cultural movie-
watching" and a presentation from 
GACP Chairman lung. 

In applying to host the event. Seok 
denied that the event would feature a 
"controversial topic or peaker," and 
reserved the pace for 200 partici -
pants. 

eok aid that he had no idea 
that lung was wanted by police for 
rape charges. or that GACP was a 
controversial religious group. He said 
he acted under the orders of fo rmer 
Ko.SCA President and UCSD alum-
nus Young Han. who has since relo-
cated to South Korea .. 

"I had no idea about this," Seok 
aid. "I th~ught it was a purely cul-

tural event. 
Current Ko.SCA President and 

Sixth College sen ior Chang-Ho Han 
said that he was unaware that the 
event occurred at all. and said that 
neither he nor any Ko.SCA members 
he knew of attended the event. 

The presenters made no mention 
of Ko.SCA during the duration of 
the performan ces and speeches. and 
a man positioned outside the ball -
room door refused entry to attendees 

unless they kriew one of the featu red 
models. 

However. Student Organizations 
and Leadership Opportunit ies 
Assistant Director Marcia A. Strong 
said that events are open to all UCSD 
students unless event planners specifi-
cally dictate otherwise. 

"This event was approved with the 
understanding that it was open to the 
campus," Strong said. 

Vincent alazar. the man who 
monitored the door. identified him-
elf as a spokesman for the "church" 

and said he did not know about the 
Ko.SCA's sponsorship of the activity. 

He also said the event was meant 
to foster peace through the modelin g. 
dancing and singing performances. 

alazar said that he was aware of 
the "bitterness" directed toward the 
group and its brand as a cult by many 
sources, but said that the labeling was 
a result of extensive "misinformation." 
Salazar also said that the rape allega-
tions against Jung. who he and other 
church members referred to as the 
"president; were all false. 

Naomi Kim. an English interpreter 
who said she was "very involved" with 
the group. said that the group receives 
negative stigma because of "journal-
ism harassment:' and that the group 
merely provides an opportunity for 
members to examine their relation -
ship with God in a new light. 

[ JUNG, page 7 J 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

By LARS INGELMAN 

World to RIa .Seafood by 2050, Study Says 
Overjishing and 0CftM 1fIIution may lead to a JtpIetitm Dj 
s!4food in 34 years. aa:or6g to the jounutI Science. 
:Report: u.s. Role ~ Iotanatioaal Destination in Daap 
The United StDtes is losing populority among intmtotiontd 
students. pulting compmtiNllaS ad diplomQC)' tit risk. 

www. ucsdguardian.org 
Visit our Web site to: 

-Read stories from last issue 
-Apply for a job at the Guardian 
-Vote in our Web poll 
-Leave story comments 
for writers 
-Access story archives 
-Check out classified ads 
-Read exclusive Web stories 

THIS WEEK: "New Business" 
An insider's look at student goverm;nent. 

What's your ;ourney? 

MONDAY, NOVEM8ER 13, 2006 

Andrew Nguy.., 
Charle. Nguyen ~-

Hodley Mendoza 
Ned. o.eizy eopy-
~nhew MCArdte 

--Mauhew l/Heureu~ ~--Serena Renner 
• ,han Miklos OpWoo&llor 

Not .. ha NorIghi ~0pI0i0n~ 
DanII Leininpr "",&IIor 
Nicky lku:hanan AIIO<ioIt s,oru &iii,/, 

HanNCnp 
_rAw 

Mallhew leavill _ AIIodIIe .... _ 

Simone Wilson ..... , ~ 
I"Gu _ ...... _ 

Arash Keshmlrian ""*' EdiIor 
Richard Cho, Deoip IdiIor 
lenmfer Hsu Ale lAIr 

,..."% .. J'OOI M~=l:rSOf\~~:::~;:' 
~11i H~-te,o • .soMflC:r:. ~inton, ~ Wollman 

"""'~ - ....... MkhotlfClAt ........ -... 
~lteMaI1W1Q . ........ "" DiredIr 

Jllnn')'kin ......... ........... 
IoshR05e ........ 

-ntt.;~"-
. ..,.~ 

o..Iet IClI 

~~:t.r 
-
l~Si 8u(h~ Leo Ko, c,ry Porler 
Th~ UCSD Cuwian I. publis"ed Mondays and 
!~r~~~Y,$h~~~b~~r::~:~~=~n~~h:: 
~=pe~~I:~OI~-=~l..:'::' ~~i 
rights reserved. The UOD CWidi'" " .... ~5pOnsjbte 
for the retutn of uMOfk:lted INnU:ICI'iptI Of ilrt. The 

~~opir.:?t::r~G:r=·=t~n~~';:~} 
California 01' AJsodMtd 5ludenl .. The UCSD Qluc/i.n 
is funded rot!fy br edver1isinl. , Ihou,hl ·W WiI.S for 

~waii,n . 

learn how Zoch's business degree helped him at 29, own 15 franchises 
including Little Caesars Pizzo, Carvellce Cream, Cinnabon, Sonic 
Burger, Verizon Wireless, and many more. 

To learn more about Zach's inspiring story and future plans, ~nd to 
explore the business programs offered: 

DID www.apu .edu/explore/sbm ... sbmgradOapu.edu 
.". Toll free (866) 209-1559 

SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND MANAGEMENT » Groducte PrMr~lmc: 

MONDAY, NOVEM8ER 13, 2006 

LIGHTS & SIRENS---
Thursday, New. 2 
~ 2:27 p.m.: Citizen contact 
A campus employee called the police 
to report an unusual letter that was 
sent from a patron about an event in 
December. which he thought may have 
been written by some kind offanatic. 
~ 4:03 p.m. : Report of grand theft 
A student was reading on Library Walk 
with his laptop placed beside him . 
When he looked up from his book 10 
minutes later. he noticed the laptop 
was missing. Report taken. 

, 

FriILly, Nov. 3 
~ 4:58 p.m_: Incomplete phone call 
A female juvenile called authorities 
from Lot 017 asking. "Where am I?" 

SlItunlay, New. 4 
• 11:03 a.m.: Suspicious person 
A white male in his 20s wearing 
a tan hooded sweatshirt and blue 
jeans was spotted going door to 
door in the La Jolla Del Sol apart-
ment complex on Regents Road ask-
ing for money. He was last spotted 
at the entrance smoking a cigarette. 
Field interview administered. 
~ 11:30 a.m.: Person down 
A 6-foot-tall. 65-year-old white male 
wearing a baby blue pinstriped suit was 
spott\!d on La lolla Village Drive face 
down in the bushes. Field interview 
administered . 

~ 7:29 p_m.: Discharging a firearm 
Police were contacted when three bangs 
were heard in a seven- to eight-minute 
period in Vaughn Hall on Discovery 
Way. Bangs sounded like gunshots. 
Unable to locate. 

SuruiDy, Nov. 5 
~ 5:08 p.m.: Report of vandalism 
An unknown suspect painted a red "V" 
with a circle around it on the wall of 
the Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender 
Resource Center. Unable to locate. 

MoruiDy, Nov. IS 
~ 4:11 p.m.: Report of petty theft 

A student called the police when he 
witnessed an unknown male stealing 
his bike tires near Geisel Library. The 
caller found the suspect and confront-
ed him about the theft. The caller got 
his tires back. Canceled after dispatch. 
~ 7:48 p.m.: Animal call 
Pol ice were contacted when two 
unleashed Labradors were roaming 
around Lot 017. The caller said he had 
asked the owner. who drove a dark col-
ored Volkswagen. to put the dogs on 
a leash but the owner refused. Unable 
to locate. 
~ 11:08 p_m. Psychiatric disturbance 
The San Diego Police Department 
reported a 91 -year-old male at 
Thornton Hospital refusing to sign 
papers and repeatedly calling authori-
ties from his cell phone. 
~ 11:35 p.m.: Suspicious person 
A female called the police because she 
heard noises coming from inside a 
room in Center Hall. While she could 
not enter. she said that it sounded 
like there were people sleeping in the 
room. 

Tuesdlly, Nov. -7 
~ 1:29 p.m.: Medical aid 
A San Diego lifeguard called cam-
pus police to report a UCSD student 
at the Glider Port showing physi-
cal reactions to a psychiatric drug. 
Ref erred to other agency. 
Wednesd4lY, Nov. 8 
~ 1:28 p.m_: Vehicle disturbance 
Police were called in response to 
a vendor changing his oil in the 
parking lot of the North Mira Mesa 
apartments on Miramar Street 
because he refu sed to stop. 
~ 7:49 p.m.: Fight disturbance 
One white and one Latino male 
were spotted in the RIMAC basket-
ball court throwing punches over 
a game. 

- Compiled by Sere1ta Renner 
ASSOC IATE NEW S ED ITO R 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Ruling 
Could Alter 
Admissions 
~ MCAT, from page 1 

The ruling, if upheld. may push 
schools to make changes in the ir 
admissions processes. th ough 
no offic ial statement regard -
ing potential changes has been 
released by the AAMC. 

The AAMC asserted that 
allowing different standards for 
di sability may affect the consis-
tency of the scores when weighed 
by medical schools. Admissions 
officials use the test as a measu re 
of performance. 

"The AAMC continues to 
believe that it is appropriate to 
apply a single, fair national stan-
dard whe n evaluating requests 
for extra testing time and other 
accommodations on the MCAT;' 
AAMC Director of Public 
Relations Retha Sherrod stated 
in a press release. " [TJhe stan -
dard should not have the effect 
of altering the comparability of 
MCAT scores or undermining 
the usefulness of the MCAT in 
helping medical schools evaluate 
students.» 

The DRA expects the deci -
sion to have a "rippling effect" on 
si milar testing agencies, although 
the AAMC intends to appeal the 
decision and set a national "dis-
ability" standard for the MCAT. 

"The AAMC intends to appeal 
this decision so that we can con-
tinue to apply a fair national stan-
dard fo r all MCAT examinees." 
Sherrod stated. "The court has 
indicated that its dec ision will be 
automat ically stayed pending the 
outcome of that appeal." 

Readers can contact Silhan lin at 
sijin@ucsd.edu. 

•• l!NIVERSITY CE~L~!~ 

~ 2 ' d_ 

NEWS 3 

------------------~SfHEE • • • 
• 

HUD SPUN 

NEWYORK: 
CHEESE SLICE : 

No Strings Attached • 
On! p!r (ustomer. 
Exp . 11127 / 06 FREE (JaB .• DE1WERY! • 

4150 Regents Park Row #170 858-550-0406 """_,,,"intspill'. cam • 

-----------------~ 
OIREtTlRY If IPPlR11JNITIES AT IJC:SD: 

Want to get involved at UCSD1 -in student organizations/clubs, 

LEAD 

student government. community service, social adion, 
internships? Don't know how to naVigate the hundreds 
of opportunities and find the ones appropriate for you? 
See the "DiNCtory of Opportunities· link at http://Mod. 
ucsd.edu or contact leadcenter@ucsd.edu 

PASSNRT TO LEADERSHIP: Check out the 
fa112006 schedule of exciting workshops available on the ·Passport to 
LeadershIp· program link at http://lHd.ucsd.edu 

] 3251 Holiday (t. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858)1tI52-99~9 I L _______________________ ~ 



4 
CONTAcT mE EDITOR 

Nathan Miklos 
opiniol1@ucsdguardian.org 

TIMES SAGA 
NO DEATH 
KNELL FOR 

PRINT MEDIA 
T he crows are circling; they can sense a dyi ng gasp. I suppose it's more of my 
bad luck that J'VI! chosen a career 
belonging to a lulling industry. This 
month, reapers of all sorts eyed the Los 
Angeles Times, nipping for a taste - a 
euphemism for big business "bidding" 

Good 
Grief! 

- of one of the most storied newspa-
pers in the country. 

Statistic enthusiasts are looking for 
the nearest shelter. Who can blame 
them? Last fall, the Times cut 85 slots 
in its newsroom to deal with a siock 
price that had plummeted. 

The prospects have also put news-
rooms on edge. And with the ouster 
of editors, continual fiscal slide and 
shrinking employee base, the death 
kneU of the Times seems to ring for 
both that publication and the newspa-
per at large. 

But I've become a contrarian to the 
idea of the dead -and-gone newspaper. 
Let's caU it the transitional age, hitting 
rock bottom right before you decide to 
buy that new red Ferrari. 

If the Times is taken as an example, 
the dying industry would be the after-
math of a soap opera fight, full of egos 
and layers we missed because the gore 
of the action was . sweeter. In 2000, 
the $8-biUion marriage between the 
Times and Chicago Tribune's parent 
company, Tribune Co., was a gamble 
to trailblaze another news age, milking 
media synergy from the two compa-
nies' ownership of TV s~ations in sev-
eral metropolitan cities. The combina-
tion proved sour. Two leading editors 
and the publisher were axed in roughJy 
over a year. 

For me, Times' journalist James 
Rainey's account - part of the Times' 
weeklong story blitz amidst its upheav-
al - made a childish play of the sup-
posedly complex problem. The many 
moving parts were distilled to an age-
old misunderstanding about journal-
ism: Its coziness with commerce is 
limited, and far more fragile than other 
bu iness relationships. The third-party 
damage done by the insensitivity of big 
business is more costly in journalism, 
and the public suffers. 

As so, the Times' editors clashed 
with a burgeoning tide of fiscal minds. 
Bottom line low? Cut some staff. 
Lagging sales figures? Time for more 
bloodletting. It was a dolt's mentality, 
with no respect for history. 

The constant infighting bred dys-
function for the Times. And soon 
enough, the newspaper's employee 
count had halved in six years. in jour-
nalism, there are some relationship 
requisites, and "don't touch my staff" 
counts as one of them. In response, 
the revolving door of editors whirled 
and here we are, at the crossroads of 
the Times, and perhaps the industry it 
champions. 

But now, the Times' outlook seems 
just right - juicy enough for innova-
tion and fmancial growth, but tradi-
tionalist enough to allow editors the 
flexibility needed for newsroom opera-
tion . 

Film baron David Geffen - one 
part of creative cadre that formed 

I GRIEF, page 5 J 

~,j" . 
THE' -JtGUARDIAN 

OPINION 
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2006 

Visit our Web site at www. 
ucsdguardian.org to vote in 

the new Web poll. 

A POLITICAL 
URNAROUND 

DEMOCRATIC VICTORIES IN BOTH THE U.S. SENATE AND HOUSE 
OF REPRESENTATIVES TILT THE BALANCE OF LEGISLATIVE 

POWER; DEMOCR.ATS MUST NOW BE FOCUSED, EVEN-HANDED. 
By Melody Gaal 

STAFF WRITER 

I t seems like we can all sleep a little eas-ier now that a 12-year Republican reign plagued by bitterness and scandal is over 
- right? . 

That may be conditional upon whether 
Democrats can deliver on issues Americans 
value without creating barriers to bipartisan 
cooperation. 

Democrats celebrated a long-overdue vic-
tory, regaining control of both the U.S. House 
of Representatives and Senate on Nov. 7. The 
Democrats picked up the seat ~hey needed 
to take control of the Senate when Virginia's 
Republican incumbent George Allen conceded 
to Jim Webb, his Democratic challenger. In the 
House,· Democrats gained at least 28 seats, 
most likely making Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) tbe 
first woman to be Speaker of the House. 

The broad realignment in Congress has 
made it clear that the people want a new direc-
tion in government. It seems as if over the past 
few years, America has witnessed on a very 
personal level what conservative rule today 
is really like. T hey have seen an unnecessary 
war, a great American city left to drown and 
corruption that has reached deep into our 
political system. 

The power shift will hopefully mean a new 
bipartisan strategy in Iraq, less government cor-
ruption , an improved economy, better protec-
tion from terrorists and an effective immigra-
tion policy. 

Let's hope that the Democrats are able to 
bring about these much -needed changes in 
Congress without continuing the. ideological 
wars that have dominated Congress in recent 
years . . 

First, there are some things that Democrats 
should not do. 

"It's up to us to prove that [we're) better than 
just a mirror image of the people they voted 
against," Sen. Evan Bayb (D-Ind.) told USA 
Today last week. "If we serve up a highly parti-
san, ideologically extreme, Democratic version 
of what they just voted against, we're not going 
to do very well.' 

Instead of creating barriers to bipartisan 
cooperation by investigating past administra-
tions policies, Democrats should push for the 
kind of reform that they have been salivating 
over for quite some time. 

These issues include the affordabiJity of 
health care and college, pension and job secu -
rity and reducing the nation's dependence on 
imported oil. The ·Six for '06" agenda includes 
efforts to increase minimum wage and advance 
the development of stem cell research. 

A common thread in the campaigns of chal-
lenging Democrats was concern for the middle 

stead of creating barriers 
to bipartisan cooperation ... 
Democrats should push for 
the kind of reform they have 
been salivating over for quite 

some tidle." 

class, which is increasingly at risk in an age of 
growing inequality. Webb emphasized this issue 
in his Virginia Senate campaign, but it is a rel -
evant issue to the nation as a whole. 

Rep. Nancy Boyda (D-Kan.) talked about a 
rural economy that has been ignored by today's 
market. 

"A lot of my district feels a great deal of inse-
curity about their jobs, their health ~re, their 
business, their famiJy farm," told the New York 
Times. "They feel like they're just kind of hang-
ing out there.' 

Other promises included a national health 
insurance program, which faiJed during the 
Clinton administration, but may gain momen -
tum. Representative-elect Dave Loebsack of 
Iowa, who defeated incumbent Republican Rep. 
Jim Leach, said that legislation to create a 
single-payer national health insurance program 
would be one of the first things he would do in 

Congress. Rep. Steven Kagen (D-Wis.) is one 
of many new House members pushing for a 
renewed commitment to the more than 8 mil -
lion uninsured children in the United States. 

Most new Democrats are also committed 
to reforming the new Medicare prescription 
drug plan, starting with giving the government 
authority to negotiate prices with drug compa-
nies. These issues have remained stagnant under 
the Republican Congress, as the failed effort 
during Clinton's. administration was a possible 
factor in the Democrats' losses in 1994. 

Supporters gf granting citizenship to some 
or all illegal immigrants say that the Democratic 
takeover of Congress has greatly aided their 
cause, and could lead to sweeping changes in 
immigration law. 

But the greatest responsibility of the 
Democrats, at least for now, is to prove their 
ability to handle national security, starting with 
a new course in Iraq. Sen. Joe Biden (D-DeI.), 
who will chair the Senate Foreign Relations 
Committee, has proposed a new Iraq strategy 
that would withdraw 110,000 of the 140,000 U.S. 
troops in Iraq and grant Significant powers to 
the country's eth'nic regions in an effort to place 
more responsibility on Iraqi citizens. 

Perhaps the biggest obstacle will be main-
taining bipartisan cooperation over the issue. 
Many new Democrats have faith in the biparti-
san iraq Study group, led by former Secretary of 
State James A. Baker, which will allow for both 
parties to collaborate and make good decisions 
upon which a majority agrees. 

Although the built-up frustration with the 
Bush administration's past decisions may tempt 
Democrats to launch scores of investigations, 
the effort would be much better spent working 
on reform as quickly as possible. 

The Democrats must keep in mind that they 
. were elected because of Americai<irustrations 

with the corruption of Republican PQwer, and 
it is now up to them to reform Congress so that 
there is bipartisan ethical oversight to steer the 
country in a better direction. Failure to do so 
will result in the pendulum swinging right back 
to where it was. 

Let's hope that the Democrats can do things 
right. 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Associated Students. 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINIONS 

Drug Ruling Hamstrings Needy Students Times Business, 
Newsroom Must 

Stay Separate 
Federal court finds 
retracting aid for 
drug offenses is not 
unconstitutional -
but is it right? 

By Serena Renner 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Here's a multiple choice ques-
tion for you: What does the U.S. 
Department of Education do when 
college students are convicted of 
minor drug offenses? 

Enroll them in rehabilitation or 
counseling? Enforce drug educa-
tion? Impose fines or community 
service? None of the above. 

The correct answer: strip them 
of their financial aid. 

An amendment authored by Rep. 
Mark Souder (R- Ind.) was added to 
the Higher Education Act in 1998 
to bar students from receiving fed -
eral financial aid if ever convicted 
of any drug offense. Since then, 
around 200,000 U.S. students have 
been denied aid, many of whom 
have been forced to drop out of col-
lege as a result. 

While more than 115 student 
governments oppose the drug pro-
vision and 250 organizations wish 
to repeal the penalty altogether, 
the federal government continues 
to turn a blind eye to many legiti -
mate concerns. All Congress has 
done since the provision's incep-
tion is add a clause to make the 
amendment apply only to those 
students who commit offenses 
while enrolled in college - a lazy 
excuse for a correction that ignores 
serious criticisms of the rule. 

Student advocacy groups have 
it right on this one: The Souder 
amendment is unfair, unreason -
able and ineffective at solving the 

problems of drug abuse. But a 
South Dakota federal district court 
judge's response to criticisms from 
advocacy groups has proven to be 
no exception to this ear- plugging 
trend. 

With encouragement from the 
Department of Education, Judge 
Charles B. Kornmann dismissed a 
lawsuit filed by Students for Sensible 
Drug Policy and the American Civil 
Liberties Union to challenge the 
constitutionality of the limitation, 
which they claim threatens the due 
process and double-jeopardy claus-
es of the Fifth 
Amendment. 

"The mere fact 

aid to pay for school. Instead of 
combating drug abuse, this provi-
sion limits equal access to college 
by targeting low-income minorities 
both in the enforcement and out-
come or the law. 

Another interesting facet of this 
provision is that it denies aid only 
to those convicted of drug offenses, 
leaving the educations of sexual and 
violent criminals paid for. 

Souder and Kornmann defend 
the restriction, stating that taxpayers 
should not be paying for the educa-
tions of student convicted of We-

gal drug use; 
however, they 

that the classifica-
tion itself results 
in some inequal-
ity or unfairness 
does not, in and 
of itself, offend 
the Constitution:' 
Kornmann stated 
in his ruling to 
drop the case. 

. Maybe not-
but this reason-
ing does not erase 
the government's 
need to analyze 
the impact of the 

Instead of combating 
drug' abuse, this 

provision limits equal 
access to college by 

targeting low-income 
minorities both in 

the enforcement and 
outcome of the law?' 

ignore answer-
ing why drug 
offenses merit 
additional pun-
ishment when 
other crimes 
do not. Why 
should taxpay-
ers be subsidiz-
ing the educa-
tions of other 
serious crimi-
nals? 

in requiring 
additional pun-
ishment - on 
top of already 
existing pen -law or the court's 

responsibility to listen to valid com-
plaints. Should we be content with a 
law because it produces only a little 
inequality or unfairness? 

The truth is that there are many 
inherent problems with the HEA 
drug provision . 

First off, the law will hit certain 
groups much harder than others. 
Given the uneven enforcement of 
drug laws, this law affects people 
of color more than other groups. 
Additionally, it singles out students 
from lower economic classes, who 
depend more heavily on financial 

alties for getting caught with drugs 
- the department suggests that drug 
offenses are more serious than vio-
lent crimes, and that all drug offenses 
should be placed on the same level, 
since ' smoking m!lrijuana and using 
harder drugs both lead to the same 
consequence. 

Let's be honest: Most of these 
so-called "drug offenses' are col-
lege students smoking pot, and 
despite stringent efforts to reduce 
abuse, marijuana has become the 
most widely used illicit drug today. 

Since studies, such as one pub-

lished in the May 2004 issue of the 
American Journal for Public Health, 
have shown that enforcement is not 
effective in reducing marijuna use, all 
the law is doing is punishing students 
for getting caught. 

While supporters claim that the 
HEA drug proviSion is intended to 
curb drug abuse and promote reha-
bilitation, too much money is wasted 
on punishment rather than effective 
anti-drug measures, like treatment 
and education. 

Kicking students out of school will 
hardly solve the problem. If anything, 
removing opportunities would likely 
increase the chances that students wiU 
fall back into drug use. 

Furthermore, if the law is really 
aimed at reducing drug abuse, why 
doesn't it also include underage use 
of the drug most .abused on college 
campuses - alcohol? 

While Kornmann argued that 
the Constitution affords no right to 
higher education or the receipt of 
financial aid, most would agree that 
college is a privilege that should be 
equally accessible to all. Although 
no one has a fundamental right to 
a college education, this law favors 
the wealthy over the poor. To ensure 
equal access, the government must 
balance aid, and this amendment 
drastically skews return or continu-
ation by revoking funds from those 
students who need it most. 

Although the HEA has provided 
numerous educational opportuni -
ties by supplying federal grants and 
loans, the drug penalty allows the 
government to close doors just as 
easily as they are opened. With 
today's high use of marijuana (50 
percent of college students have 
tried it at one pOint or another) 
thousands of students will contin -
ue losing aid and dropping out of 
school every year until this relent -
less law changes. 

• GRIEF, (rom page 4 
DreamWorks SKG - is lining up to 
buy the Times. Alongside him is a 
partnership of Los Angeles-based bil-
lionaires, Eli Broad and Ron Burkle. 
All three have publicly pledged that 
tJie purchase is meant to be in the civic 
interest. While hot air in business can 
be rampant, when there are journal-
ists involved, you better bet long-.term 
memory is in play. 

A turn from the money-based 
union with the Tribune Co. is refresh-
ing. The three bidders have promised 
to fortify the newspaper's local roots 
rather than force it to be worn thin by 
wider-but-weaker coverage. 

For editors, the potential is obvious 
in a partnership with either Geffen, 
whose media clout has few rivals, or 
Broad/Burkle, who together are worth 
over $5 billion. Pliable ownership, 
coupled with creative and fmanciaJ 
backing, would give the newspaper 
brass a stint to breathe and adapt to a 
world of flash and glamour. The Times' 
recent redesign ...,... with the installation 
of a boldly large and almost gaudy font 
- is just a small tidbit of the newspa-
per's adaptation to a public that wants 
fun with its politics. Distancing initial 
changes like that from the core ideals 
of newsroom - i.e. its staff and report-
ing - is key to avoid another. 

The Times' bidding trio aren't the 
only ones concerned about the indus-
try's health. Google's initiative to sell 
newspaper ads online is a gamble to 
pull the industry from dire straits. The 
move, which went against all business 
wisdom, showed a zest for industry 
development without touching the 
precious newsroom. 

The newspaper is not dead. It's 
just licking its wounds, waiting for a 
new age. 

i~~ I \1\ 11<'111 'I \ I \ III,'. presents ... 

Mini Job Fair: International Careers 
Wednesday, November 15th 
11 :OOa.m. -1 :OOp.m. 
Held in the Career Services Center Plaza 
In our increasingly global economy, international career 
opportunities abound! Students from all majors are 
encouraged to meet with employers and learn about 
various opportunities in the international arena. 

Guest Employers Include: 
Aspect I English education, student exchange 
Hostelling International I Travel, hospitality 
Internatfonal Humanity Foundation I Youth education 
U.S. Peace Corps I International development, service 
W1ldCoast I Ecosystem protection and preservation 

Last Lecture 
what; would 
professors 
really say if 

tihey were 1;0 
tieacti one last; 

lectiure? 

~~ ~ ~ 
GUEST PROFESSOR EDUCATION STUDIES 

Expanding '-1toI~ lPIIIII.1IIIvnItianII c.m 
WfdnIsday, NMmber 15d11 2:C111p.m.-3:lOp.m. JANET CHRISPEELS 
Held In theCMer SerYklsu.n ...... Roam 
~ a CA'l'wIIh an ~1II!II1IIbIaItxus? U5IeI" •• panelcipdeaiDUs _tIleIrtflou;lls 
.~OIl~iIr.""'f.M." •• fIIr_""""_ 1IBtIIlonaI~ CD SfIIII'4IIRII".O ..... Aa1r'r " 

GUEST PROFESSOR COMPUTER SCIENCE 

SCOnBADEN 



6 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13,2006 

Admit Numbers Fell With 
Passage of Proposition 209 
~ RACE, from page 1 
Significantly changed over the past five 
years. After the passage of Proposition 
209, the initiative that effectively e1imi· 
nated affirmative action in California 
public schools, the admissions rate for 
American Indians fell from 74.5 per-
cent of applicants to 36.1 percent from 
1997 to 1998 alone. 

Otherwise, the percentage of enroll-
ment and admissions when it comes to 
American Indians has been stagnant, 
contrasting with an 18 percent rise 
in overall campus enrollinent figures 
and 32 percent increase in total UCSD 
admissions. 

"It's so complex;' said Perse Hooper, 
an American Indian UCSD alumna 
from the class of 2004. "If you spend a 
day here and see our kids, and see what 
level they're at, and see aU of the chal-
lenges they face, it's not a one-answer 
[explanation I." 

Hooper grew up on reservations 
in Nevada before moving to the San 
Pasqual Reservation in San Diego's East 
County, where Lorraine and Natalia 
Orosco, sisters and UCSD alumnae, 
have spent their entire lives. 

"Honestly, I felt that I was steered 
away from college;' Lorraine Orosco 
said, explaining that she felt discour-
aged for many different reasons, includ-
ing high school counselors who did not 
promote college and larger contempo-
rary societal and historical issues; the 
Orosco sisters are familiar with the 
shortfalls of the common American 
Indian community, with waning sup-
port from parents and emotional issues 
that include substance abuse. 

With working parents, Natalia 
Orosco remembered being self-moti-
vated in academics, since her parents 
weren't around to encourage her. 

She had a role model - her older 
sister Lorraine, who had gone to UCSD 
and was her emotional support system 

UC BY RACE 
The Guardian takes a look at 
the races of the UC system, 
gauging their health in applica-
tion, enrollment and admissions 
fields. 

~Asians 
1---- This week --=-- -~ if' American Indians 

Upcoming o Latinos 
o Whites 
o Blacks 

- encouraging her to go to summer 
programs on college campuses. 

"One major theme is a lack of 
awareness of what education can really 
do for them - what value it has for 
them;' Lorraine Orosco said. 

The native history plays a signifi-
cant role in that theme. 

·We've been here for thousands 
and thousands of years, and for us, 200 
years isn't that long ago," Hooper said 

Children on the reservation know 
their tribe's history - even if it's' just an 
innate feeling that they get from their 
families - and according to Lorraine 
Orosco, it's no wonder they reject what 
they're taught in school: Textbooks 
portray only oDe side of history 

"It's a love-hate relationship with 
education, and our kids struggle with 
it," she said. 

Both Hooper and Lorraine Orosco 
went to community college before 
attending UCSD, where they learned 
about and were encouraged to attend 
UCSD - and closed the gap between 

[ ADMISSIONS, page 101 

.EXPLORE 
THE 

WORLD! 
STVDY ABROAD 

The UC Education Abroad Program (EAP) and the 
UCSD Opportunities Abroad Program (OAP) offer 

study, work, travel, and internship opportunities worldwide. 

Some Application Deadlines are coming SOON! 

Information 

• Eam Academic Credit 
• Financial Aid Available 
• Thousands of Dollars in Scholarships 

For more information call 534-lIll, or abroad@ucsd.edu 
UCSD Programs Abroad OffIce 

(Across from Center Hall on Library Walk) 
programsabroad,ucsd.edu 

J 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13,2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Religious Group Plans Future UCSD Events 
~ JUNG, from page 2 

"The president gives people a 
chance to nurture their relationship 
with God and Jesus from a different 
perspective:' Kim said, although she 
refused to elaborate on the particular 
perspective used. 

Other church members, including 
event planner Pastor Wing Bateman 
of San Diego's Jewel Ministries, denied 
the event's affiliation to GACP, and 
vehemently denied rape allegations, 
saying that they were invented by 
people unfairly targeting Jung. They 
said that the event was about improv-
ing oneself through cultivating talent. 

"Celebrities are always targets,· 
church member John Lee said, in 
reference to the rape charges. "With 
celebrity comes a certain amount of 
things like this:' 

Lee also said that he knew Jung 
personally, and that Jung was not 
capable of committing any of the acts 
for which he was charged 

"Dishonorable people make dis-
honorable allegations for dishonor-
able reasons," Lee said. 

Church member Sherwin Carballo 
went a step further, describing, all of 
the rape charges as "frivolous.· 

The members said that in South 
Korea, a person is guilty until proven 
innocent, and that because of this 
unwritten policy, a person like Jung 
charged with such serious crimes 
would be forced to leave the country 
or face unjust imprisonment. 

Lee said that since Jung had left 
South Korea, he had written more 
than 12,000 proverbs, 800 poems and 
60 books, and said that if Jung had 
remained in South Korea this could 
not have been accomplished because 
too many people there demand "face 
time" from Jung. 

"If you know the Korean culture, 
you know that 'no' doesn't always 
mean 'no," Lee said, when asked why 
Jung simply did not deny face-time 
meetings to concentrate on his teach-
ings and prove his innocence, rather 
than fleeing the country in the wake 
of the rape allegations. 

The members also said that a legal 
team was working in South Korea to 
prove that the allegations are false. 

Lee said that modeling and the 
organization that sponsored the mod-
els - Peace Model USA, whi('h has 
a sister organization in South Korea 
established by Jung - was very differ-
ent from traditional modeling organi-
zations. He also said that PMUSA was 
meant to bring the focus of modeling 
back to the individual spirit and cel-
ebrate beauty from the inside. 

Although church members contin-
ue to support their leader, many for-
mer female GACP members through-
out Asia continue to come forward 
with rape allegations, and some mem-
bers have left the group upon discov-
ering the public scrutiny. 

"I couldn't understand what was 
happening to me while I was being 
sexually assauhed," one former mem-
ber told the Asahi Shimbl4n. -I was so 
messed up in the head, and couldn't 
re$ist whatever the guru did n 

According to Daley, GACP events 
are also designed to promote sleep 
deprivation, which aids in the brain-
washing process by impairing mem-
bers' critical thinking skills. Events 
include daily church services at 4 a.m. 
and long weekend services that can 
last all day, aU night or both. 

Another former member told the 
Asahi Shimbun that group members 
forced him to work long into the 
night, then wake up to listen to Jung's 
videotaped preachings. 

Salazar conflfmed that Jung sends 
weekly video messages to members, 
but said he did not know the location 
of the messages' source. 

There are three levels of cult 
involvement, according to Daley. 
The first level involves membership 
in front organizations, where many 
members are unaware of GACP links 
or even targeted for further indoctri-
nation; they serve the interests of the 
group by paying to attend events. 

"[GACP] members are required to 
pay a fixed donation, part of which is 
believed to finance Jung's Oight from 
the laW, Asahi Shimbun reported in 
July. 

I8JI1lg'S] message [is] 
clear: Disobey me and 

risk death. " 
- Peter Daley, English 

Professor, Keimyung University 
in South Korea 

The second stage involves a 30-
lesson Bible study course, and upon 
completion, members come to recog-
nize Jung as the messiah. The majority 
of members remain at this stage of 
involvement, according to Daley, with 
only a few select women reaching the 
third stage. 

These women meet with Jung per-
sonally, oftentimes at his request, and 
are asked to take off their clothing 
for a health check meant to cleanse 
the members' sin, according to Daley. 
After having sex with the messiah, 
girls are often threatened with spiri-
tual death if they speak of their expe-
riences. 

" [Jung's] message [isl clear: Disobey 
me and risk death:' Daley told the 
Keimyung Gazette. 

Press members in Asia who have 
reported 00 GACP activities have also 
been assaulted and had their offices 
vandalized. 

Marie McCulley, a Bay Area resi-
dent who never became a full-fledged 
GACP membe.r, said that she first got 
involved through personal friendships 
with other members. 

"Needless to say those relation-
ships ended when I put the pieces 
together and left," McCulley stated in 
an e-mail. 

McCulley stated that college stu-
dents make good targets because they 
are often at a vulnerable period in 

their lives. 
"You're either young and trying ' 

to fmd your identity. or you've gone 
through [al major trauma or life 
change and are asking the big existen-
tial questions and along comes some-
one who's really nice, charming, good 
looking and who seems to have all the 
answers - which basically means that 
}'Qung college co-eds are easy targets;' 
she stated. 

However, Nicholle Granger, a 
UCLA junior who perfonned in the 
Peace Model event at UCSD, stated 
in an e-mail that the allegations have 
not swayed her confidence in Jung or 
her participation with the church or 
PMUSA. 

"He's made such an impact on the 
lives around him, that it's in human 
nature for some to be heavily opposed," 
Granger stated. "There is no room for 
doubt because ultimately I'm doing it 
for God, myself and for the rest of the 
girls out there who need to believe in 
not only themselves, but something 
greater than this world~ 

Jung remains on Interpol's "Red 
Notice" list, which circulates a global 
warrant with the request that the want-
ed person be arrested and extradited to 
the requesting country. 

However, Jung does not appear on 
Interpol's Web site because each par-
ticipating government decides whether 
or not to include data online, accord-
ing to a statement by the Interpol press 
office. 

The Korean National Police Agency 
states on its English Web site that 
"Korean Police decide whether to dis-
close any wanted criminal by Interpol 
on [the I Internet based on established 
standards;' but in this case has decided 
not to ask for additional publicity. 

·We'll put more efforts to arrest 
(Jung]," KNPA stated on its Web site, 
adding that the Korean police are 
working closely with Chinese authori-
ties to apprehend Jung. 

Jung was originally a member of 
controversial South Korean religious 
group Unification Church, which is 
headed by Rev. Sun Myung Moon, 
before leaving to establish his own 
group. 

Although GACP membership con-
tinues to increase, Daley said that the 
group should be regarded with cau-
tion. 

"I think it's one of the most danger-
ous cults around;' he said. 

While accusations of rape contin-
ue to surface, many Asian university 
officials have remained neutral about 
the group's activities because they 
involve freedom of religion, accorCl-
ing to Japanese newspaper Yomiuri 
Shimbun. 

Salazar said that the church would 
"most likely" try to hold future events 
atUCSD. 

. - Additional reporting by Hadley 
Mendo4a, Charles Nguyen, Serena 
Renner and Simone Wilson, Senior 
St,afJ Writers 
RetUJers can contact Matthew McArdle 
at matt.mcardle@gmailcom. 

NEWS 7 

Your 
Source for 

Transportation 
~~- Information 

Get your commute back on trad(! 
The Coaster connects to campus via the Coaster Shuttle 
from the Sorento Valley Station and to the Medical. Center 
Hillcrest via the HillcrestJOld Town Shuttle from the Old 
Town Transit Center. Transit/Coaster Club benefits include 
(restrictions apply): 

• Referral rewards for faculty and staff:.Receive a $20 
gift card for referring a newTransit/Coaster Club member. 
(Referred members must participate for a minimum of 
3 months.) 

• Two months free for new members: Receive the first and 
twelfth month free. 

• Discount passes: Get $15 off monthly Coaster pass prices. 
• Pre·tax savings for faculty and staff: Purchase passes via 

payroll deduction and earn a pre-tax deduction. 
• Free Flexcar use: Enjoy up to 6 hours per month of 

free Flexcar use. 
• Emergency ride home: Receive 3 courtesy rides home 

through Ridelink. 
• Car freedom: Maintain fleXibility with an Occasional 

Use permit worth 10 complimentary days of parking 
per quarter. 

To learn more. visit http://blink.ucsd.eduigo/tcc 

Student Shuttle Driven Needed 
If you love to drive and want to earn $12.S0Ihour for doing it, 
we've got the job for you. Transportation Be Parking Services 
trains, tests and Class B certifies student shuttle drivers. 
Shuttle Services seeks students who: 
• Are safe drivers with good driving recorQs 
• Can pass a pre-employment drug test 
• Want a job that flexes with their class schedules 

Be part of the traffic and pollution solution. For more 
information, view JOP posting #686047 or e-mail 
shuttlesafety@ucsd.edu. 

Free Holiday Airport Shuttle 
Looking for a ride to the airport? UCSD students can 
ride the Holiday Airport Sh~le to San Diego International 
Airport (Terminals I, 2 and Commuter Terminal) for FREE. 
Holiday Airport Shuttles depart from Peterson Hall on 
Wednesday, November 22 and return from San Diego 
International Airport on Sunday. Nov~mber 26.Advance 
online reservations are required and can I:>e made at 
http://parking.ucsd.edu/shuttlelholiday.html. Be sure to 

~erve your seat early due to limited shuttle availability. 

Riding Amtrack? Present your Student ID at the Rideshare 
desk in the Campus Parking Office to receive your bu~ tokens 
for a FREE ride on the 10 I North County Transit bus to the 
Solana Beach train station. 

Cityshuttle route changes take effect Wednesday, 
Novem~r 15,2006. See the full-page ad in this issue. 

Campus Parking Offic. 
Level 2 of the Gilman Parking Structure on Russell Lane 

7 •. m, - 5:30 p.m, weekdays 
Permit Information: (858) 534-4223 

Rid .. ha,. Information: (858) 534- RIDE (7433) 
perklng.ucsd.edu 

AW(lliary & Plant Services Marketing and W eb CommurllcatJons 

Transportation & Parking Services 



8 TuE*GUARDIAN 
CONTACT TIlE EDITOR 

Hanna Camp 
focus@ucsdguardian.org FOCUS 

PERSPECTIVE 
" " Employers place a lot of 

importance on relevant 
work experience." 

- Marilyn Mackes, ExecutiYe Director, National Association of Colleges and Ern~ THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 
............................................ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13,2006 .......................................... .. 

As employen say they value life skills 
and experience more than spotless 
academic credentials, students look to 
internships to get their foot in the door. 

By Johnathan Kao 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

I n the traditional stereotype, interns are little more than glorified maids,. making food 
runs or doing menial tasks for their 
employers. Many students at UCSO 
have found that practical hands-on 
learning is not a part of the experi-
ence, and some question the util-
ity of unpaid internships entirely. 
But given contrary evidence, like the 
emphasis employers give to life skills 
at the interview stage over GPA, it 
is difficult to weigh the opportu-
nity costs of pursuing an internship. 
In recent studies and interviews, 

employers have expressed disap-
pointment in recent graduates' abil-
ity to apply what they've learned in 
a work environment, dramatically 
increasing the pressure to get practi-
cal work experience. 

As a chemistry major, it was prac-
tical for John Muir College senior 
Natalie Spritzer to intern at Novartis, 
a pharmaceutical company. As an 
intern, Spritzer did research in a 
state-of-the-art facility, working with • 
other scientists in synthetic-organic 
chemistry and the development and 
discovery of new medications. Her 
goal was to become a researcher and 
develop cures for diseases such as 
cancer. However, she soon discov-

ered thai learning about chemistry 
in the classroom was nothing like 
true research. As Spritzer observed 
her coworkers, she realized that she 
had drastically underestimated the 
amount of dedication involved in 
scientific research. 

A fellow scientist once told her, 
"Science is about 99 percent failure,n 
driving her to question whether or 
not the long hours and years of 
dedication invested in an experi-
ment that could lead to nothing was 
worth it. 

Spritzer began to see, through 
her internship, that science wasn't 
a field she could make into a career. 
Her experience encouraged her 

MAY.P.~> JAC'K A ooorJ F.MFi,c,VMBN1' rn",'PFGT. ALL WORK AND 
'JOClD BMPLOYMJWl PJ{OSPEC'T. ALL WOBK AN:) N') F'AY MAKE:> 

ALL W:;l1K AND Nt) I'A ( MAKffiti .IACK MAKB::' 
NO PAY MAKES JA(W MAK8r~ ')A(, I~ A 1:K'on 

.IACI' MAKES .JlICK A G00D 8MPLOYMEN1 
. JACK 1\ Gonn EMPLOYMENT PR(Jf,PE'~. ALl , 
FMPLOYM IWT PI1.\)HPEC'l'. Ai.!. \'IOr.K Arm NO 

.)ilI'£(JT. ALL W('HK AUL' N,I PAY HAKE,: ,JAGk. 
.... ND Nrj PAY MP.KES JACK MAhr.'S c1tV~K P. 

to explore other career options. 
Spritzer later learned that many dis-
eases found only in Third World 
countries were left untreated, with 
some experts arguing that low profit 
incentives prevent pharrliaceutical 
companies from creating cures . She 
is now a pre-med student and a 
Third World studies major. Spritzer 
said she felt that her passion for 
working with the underprivileged 
could be better realized as a doctor 
than as a researcher. 

A single summer internship left 
Spritzer with a new perspective on 
her future. But the benefits didn't 
end there. She earned four unit 
toward graduation through UCSO's 

JENNIfER HSU/GUARDIAN 

Academic Internship Program, which 
ultimately garnered her a $5,000 
scholarship from the Biotechnology 
Employee Development Coalition 
for her work with Novartis. 

AlP is one organization on cam-
pus that constantly deals with the 
problems stemming from students' 
la.ck of experience. Created in 1976, 
AlP sits on the second floor of the 
Literature Building in Earl Warren 
College. UCSD designed AlP to give 
students real-world experience in any 
field of interest and set the program 
up as an upper-division general elec-
tive class. With over 5,000 intern-

[ INTIRN page 10 ] 

SITE SEEN I BALBOA PARK INTERNATIONAl COTTAGES 
Sometimes the starving student craves not pm_ f!Vf!f'/ Soociay, these aAtageS open their doors just food, but engaging entertainment. While . and share the traditions and celebrations d tfteIr there probably aren't any UCSD students who representative countries with the pubic. They're 
are truly starving,options for entertainment beyond fun to tour, with many c:otbIgeS serving traditional 
movies and dubbing seem limited to the lazy snacks along with music and information about 
researcher. Too often, cost puts the most fascinating their group and heritage. The cottages IIso tIIce 
exhibits and events out of a student's reach. turns running a lawn show in the cenIl!r d the 

Balboa Park hosts a duster of small, Mexican complex. which features musI(, dance, tradItionII 
colonial-style buildings, right across from Pan costumes, ~ crafts and ethnic foods - II free d 
American Plaza, which offer a weekly cross- charge. , 
cultural party for the curious and thrifty_ These It's usually a good Idea to bring some change to 
cottages, originally built for the 1915 Pan-American give the-donation boIcB,just to keep the ~ 
Exposition, are occupied by groups that represent happy, These cottages .e a -.come escape from 
over 30 different countries and ethnic gtOUpi. the monotony d studying and dus, If,ou're wiNng 

The International Cottages don't seem Mite much to make the hike to the park. 
when you walk through them during the week. They 
are simply small houses with the names d various -I, ..... .,.,... 
countries· listed on the rafters. But from noon to 4 SENIOR STAFF WlITH 

j 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN FOCUS 9 

CITYSHUTTLE ROUTE CHANGES 

University 
City 

.~ . 
I'm 

Beginning November 15,2006, Cityshuttle becomes three new, direct 
routes, UTC Express, Nobel Shuttle and Arriba Shuttle. In addition to 
reducing greenhouse gas emissions and traffic congestion, these new 

-' 

NORIH 

+ 

.... : TIlt IIIIfI .nd the tllMtAbl.s 
do lilt shaw 1M bus stopI; hoM-. 
"-wi! use AU dIsIgMtId bIIs 
SlIPS on thIIr IOIIlI5. 
..die OIIIdIIions .nd ..... r till 
.fftct runlllllg IIIMs. . 
1IotIi: £1 llllpi r los hor.rIGs no 
IndicIII toda lis plr. de ~s; 
sift ttllblrgo los 8UtotMts _", 
IOd.s lis pIIldas dentlO de SII ruta 
indkIdI. Condiciones de If'llco Y del • 
dllIII podrfllftctar los horllios. 

-

............. --

Antbe ...... ---
Bus IOUte 

TIIIIt point ITrInsft!r point 
TfIIISfw point 

CoIalKlill!l routes 
Points of interest 

Hospital 
SIIopping 

-(!) 
<> 

~ 
+ 
• 

Ill.,'" 

Auxiliary & Plant Services Marketing and Web Communications 

With a Free Bus Zone sticker on your valid 
UCSO 10, you can also ride the University 
City Loop, MTS route 48/49, for free. 

area-specific routes will: =:!5:==~~--~;~-~-:~:~i 
• Continue to pick up and drop off at Mandeville Auditorium 
• Decrease travel time . 
• Increase passenger capacity by 68% 
• Complement University City Loop 48/49 service 

New routes give you more choices. 
The map above shows these new routes. Look for posted signs indicating 
stop consolidation and new route service at affected Cityshuttle stops. 

UTC Express (orange route) serves University Towne Center exclusively every 
\ , 

30 minutes. 

Nobel Shuttle (blue route) serves these stops every 10 minutes: 
• Nobel/lebon 
• NobeVLa Jolla Village Square -

Arriba Shuttle (purple route) serves these stops every 10 minutes: 
• RegentsINobel 
• Regents! Arriba 
• PaJmilla/Lebon 

Transportation & Parking Services 
University of California, San Ol.go 

parklnl,ucsd.edu 
Moving in the right direction. 

'. -



10 NEWS 

Statistics Show Benefits 
to Interns in Job Search 
~ INTERN, from page 8 

ship opportunities, from scientifi c 
research to theater, the group farms 
out a litany of internship opportuni-
lies to any student wanting to te t 
the waters of a potential career. 

Participating companies are care-
fu lly sc reened to ensure that they do 
not take advantage of the interns, 
but provide an environment where 
students can learn and develop prac-
tical skills for careers in their field . 
Students who have found intern -
ships on their own can also receive 
UCSO credit if it is cleared by AlP 
staff and the 
student com -

assignment." 
Internships also provide an insid-

er's look at possible careers for those 
who don't quite have their five -year 
plan figured out. In a 2005 sur-
vey of new students done by the 
UCSD Office of Student Research 
and Information, 20.3 percent of 
freshmen were undecided about 
possible ca reer choices upon adm is-
sion. When the general education 
classes fail to spark someone's inter-
est in a major, internships provide 
an opportunity to learn exactly what 
an animal physiology and neurosci -

ence major will be 
doing in the real 
world. pletes all other 

requirements. 
Last yea r, 713 
students partici-
pated in AlP. 

·Students are 
becoming more 
awa re of the 
va lue of intern -
sh ips," said Elise 
Tiregol, director 
and internship 
coun selor for 
AlP. 

NACE's Experiential 
Education Survery 
for 2006 indicated 
that nearly half of 

"The intern-
ship gives both 
the employer and 
the student the 
opportunity to 
'try each other on 
for size;" Mackes 
stated. "Both have 
the opportunity 
to see if there is a 
good fit brtween 
the organization 
and the potential 
employee:' 

responding employers 
offered students with 

NACE's 2006 
Int e rn ship s 

p rovide many 
benefi ts, includ-
ing connections 
with profes-
sionals in vari -

internship experience 
higher salaries than 
those who did not Experiential 

have that experience?' Education Survey 
reported t h at 

ous fields and basic job skills such 
as creating resumes and interview-
ing. C ollege graduates often enter 
the work force with only classroom 
training. The on-site training that 
internships afford allows students 
to practice what they will be doing 
when hired. It is this practice that 
gives the applicant a foot in the 
door. 

"Employers place a lot of impor-
tance on relevant work experi-
ence." Executive Director of the 
National Association of Colleges and 
Employers Marilyn Mackes stated 
in a press release. "For new college 
graduates that experience is typically 
gained through an internship or par-
t icipation in a cooperative education 

employers hired 
53 percent of interns last year to 
fu ll-t ime positions. The report also 
indicated that nearly half of respond-
ing employers offered students with 
internship experience higher salaries 
than those who did not have that 
experience. 

Internships can also give students 
insight into whether or not their pro-
posed career is what they expected. 

If a student can get an in ternship 
that involves more than wash ing and 
drying test tubes or brewing the best 
pot of coffee in the office, the work 
experience can open doors to expe-
rience the world of their careers. 

" Internships are probably the 
most beneficial things you can do as 
an undergraduate," Spritzer said. 

VentureForth 

Register @ 
www.VentureForth.org 

IT TAKES BAWLS 
TO READ THE GUARDIAN 
COYER TO COVER. 

PICK UP A CAN ON LIBRARY WALK 
TODAY! 

THE UCSD GUARDI~N MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2006 

Campus Integration a Challenge for American Indians 
APPLICATIONS, ADMISSIONS AND ENROLlMENT AMONG AMERICAN INDIANS 

2001 2001 2003 2000 
D ucwide 
iJUCSO o "AIIlcations GJAdmI!I!ions • EnmIImn 

• ADMISSIONS, from page 6 
their high school educations and what 
college demanded of them. 

Hooper remembers taking sociol-
ogy courses at U SO, where students 
would deny the presence of racial 
inequality in the school system. 

Her peers, according to Hooper, 
said underrepresented students sim-
ply. hadn't taken advantage of avail-
able opportunities. But for Lorraine 
Orosco, the situation is hardly that 
simple. Critical reading kills, she said, 
were not taught in her high school at 
all, which most of the reservation's 
teenagers attend. In addition, only 
a small proportion of students went 
and continue to go to after-school 
programs with tutors - assuming 
that they're available. 

And if college itself is a foreign 
idea, then the SAT, ACT and appli-
cation fees alone are even more to 
handle, according to Hooper. 

Hooper said that it is a common 
misconception to think that money 
for college is handed to American 
Indians. 

"I grew up and people would tell 
me, 'Oh, you're Indian? Wow, you're 
going to get all this money when you 
tum 18, and your school's going to be 
paid for;' Hooper said . "We don't have 
anything more than anybody else:' 

Lorraine Orosco had spent so 
much time researching scholarships 
that "financial aid was like my other 

class:' 
Scholarships did not come eas-

ily, and the maximum amount of 
any of them received in a single year 
was $2,500. The majority of their 
financial aid came in the form of Pell 
Grants, Cal Grants, Grants-in·Aid 
and UCSD's Opportunity Grant. 

But money was not the only issue 
after arriving at UCSD. Adjustment 
to a completely different lifestyle away 

- lorraine Orosco, UCSD 
Alumna, San Pasqual Band of 

Mission Indians 

from the intimate setting of the reser-
vation made transition difficult. 

"You're walking around with thou-
sands and thousands of people, and 
you're like, 'Wow: I would go days and 
not talk to anybodY, Lorraine Orosco 
said. ") would take I what 1 leamed 
in class 1 and go home to my family 
where I felt safe in my community 
and in my reservation." 

But balancing schoolwork and 
community involvelmnt proved dif-
ficult, she said, when familial support 

2004 

for educatioJl was lacking . 
"Nobody understood what I was 

missing; Lorraine Orosco said. "It was 
hard, but I wouldn't trade it at all:' 

All three had been a part of the 
Native American Student Alliance as 
undergraduates, and emphasized the 
importance of having a support net-
work of other students who have the 
same ethnic background, have expe-
rienced the same cultural differences 
and can talk about all pressures they 
constantly face. 

Natalia Orosco conlinmid to work 
at the reservation throughout college 
to keep her ties with the community 
strong. But after completing graduate 
school and returning to the reserva-
tion, she said it took time to regain 
everyone's trust. She was returning as 
a professional. not just as a "kid from 
the res; as all of the other high school 
graduates were known. 

Today, Hooper and Lorraine and 
Natalia Orosco work for the educa-
tion department on the reservation, 
organizing after-school tutoring, cul-
tural programs and a preschool and 
building the gateway to coUege they 
could not enjoy themselves. 

" ) want to see some of these stu -
dents enjoy [learning] , to see who 
they want to be, to feel em powered," 
Lorraine Orosco said. 

Readers can contact Neda Oreizy at 
hineda@gmail.com. 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN CAMPUS CALENDAR 11 

Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

MON NOV 13 
UCSO 1-...d0Nl Eduatlon Week 
u.s. Dlplom..:y llId the Chillenge of Polltiell 
Chonge in Utin AIMrieI - Reception and discus· 
sian, 5·7pm in the Weaver Center at the Institute 
of the Americas. 
UCSD professor Suun ShIrk will lecture on Inside 
the North Korean Economy. Shirk Is director of the 
UCSD Institute of Global Cooperation and Conmct 
and former U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary for 
China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong. 7pm In the Great 
Hall, International House. 
Thurgood ........ WHIt 
Glw MI 5 FREE LUNCHI Receive a free meal while 
learning about our college namesake and receiving 
information on Thurgood Marsha. Week activities. 
11 :30am-12:3Opm outside TMC Admin Building. 
African ~ StudiH Min« Open Hou .. 1 
lle<eptioft - learn about UCSD's new African-
American Studies Minor. Reception will Include 
information about courses, relevance of the minor 
and opportun~ies to interact with associated fac· 
ulty and staff. Composer/Pianist Anthony Davis 
from the Musk Dept will be performing. 4-S:3Opm. 
Eucalyptus Point. 

ARTS 
The film SiIwriab life (19931 will be shown at the 
Price Center Theater at 8pm. It is a video diary of a 
man's battle with AIDS, with a discussion to follow. 
Clothing barrels for Auntie Helen's Clothing Drive 
will be at PC Theater all day. Hosted by Arusha 
ProJect. 

CAREER 
Inlenl_ tnlerl<ll.. for Hellth PrOfHsionol 
School AppIkMU . This interactive workshop will 
cover the essentials as you hear tips from admis· 
sions directors, and learn about interview protocol. 
3-4:30pm, Career Services Center. 
o\ptH R«rultlng PrHontation • This free com· 
pany presentation will get you up to speed on 
upcoming job and internsh ip opportunities. learn 
more at career.ucsd.edu - click on "On-Campus 
Interviewing.' 7:30-gpm In the Career Services 
Center IS Horizon Room. 

TUES NOV 14 
UCSD Internotlonol Edumion WHIt 
H_ They See Us: An EvenIng with Inttmotionol 
Sludents from a panel of international students 
will share their experiences on a college campus 
in the United State~ 6 ·7:3Opm In the International 
Center Lounge. 
Th ......... MInh .. t w..k 
inside Tour - The Active Community at Thurgood 
(ACT) will give students from Gompers Charter 
Middle School the Inside scoop on the impor' 
tance of education. llam-l pm @ TMC Ocean View 
Lounge. 
,.,., SlIm - Get slammed by conscious poetry 
featuring film actor, author. producer and perform· 
er Marl< lawrence, UCSD alumnus Veje> Jennings 
and current undergraduate students. S:3Q.7pm at 

FEATURED 

The Stage in Porter's Pub, Student Center. 
CAREER 

On<O_. PnctIu InttrYiewlng for Job Seekers 
- Receive immediate feedback from . our career 
expert, learn by watching others, and get helpful 
tips from your peers. Pre-registration is required 
- call 85B534.3750 or stop by the Career Services 
Center to sign up. 10am·12 Noon in the CSC 
Conference Room 
PNce Corpt I"'" SessIons - Meet a returned vol· 
unteer and explore job opportunities, benefit~ 
and the Peace Corps application pfocess. 11 am-
12:3Opm at Career Services. 
Turner Construction Corporltfon Recruiting 
PreIIntrion . Get up to speed on upcoming 
job and internship opportunities, .s well as the 
goals, current projects. and corporate culture at 
TumerCorporation. S-6:10pm in the Career Services 
Center Horizon Room. 

LECTURE 
Philosopher and scientist lot.rt T, Pwnn«It dis· 
cusses creationism in a lecture titled The Ground 
Rules of Science: Why the Judge Ruled Intelligent 
Design Creationism Out of Court. 7pm at RlMAC 
Arena. Open to the public. 
Robert MeR ... r of The George Washington 
University presents a lecture entitled 'Neoliberal 
Risks: Mediating Disability In a Moment of Danger~ 
Professor MeRuer, one of the most creative figures 
in the emerging field of disability studies, is author 
of Crip Theory: Cultural Signs of Queerness and 
Disability. 4pm at the Cross Cultural Center. 

RECREATION 
The Price Center Film Series presents Clerks (r), 6 & 
9pm at the Price Center Theater. $3 admission. 

WED NOV1S 
ucso tnterNrtionol EdlKllion WHIt 
InltrMtlonll FestIval - UCSD students from all over 
the globe will celebrate their cultures in displays. 
music. dance, and food . 11am·2pm, Library Walk. 
Thurtood MInhoIt w..k 
Up a.... It,.,..", .. . Partkipate in a dialogue with 
founding student activists of Thurgood Marshall 
College, formerly Third College. Reception Included. 
5-6pm • San Francisco I Santa Cruz Room, Price 
Center. 

CAREER 
Mini Job Fair for Intlmllton.l c.... . Students 
from all majors can meet with employers and learn 
about opportunities in the international arena. 
1lam-l pm in the Career Services Center Plaza. 
In case of rain, the fair will be held in the cente(s 
Horizon Room. 
Expondlng Your HorlEono: In Inlernillonit 
c...s p-r . Are you interested in a career with 
an International focusllisten to tips from our panel 
of professionals. 2· 3:30pm at Career Service~ Co-
sponsored by the UCSD Alumni Association. 
FIndtnt III lmemlllip OIIhrt-TIme Job - Come 
leam strategies for searching intemshlp and part-
time job listings to find pos~ions that will meet 
)'OUr goals. 5-6:1 Spm ,t Career Services. 

SPORTS 
Women's IIMbIboII uhlbltlon VI. BioIo, Spm at 
RIMAe. 

THURS NOV 16 
UCSO InterMtIonot Eduation WHIt 
UN-GoInt: Globil PoIItkJ ond UN Reform with 
MIn, Corell -Corell Is former United Nations Under· 
Secretary General and legal Officer. 12:3(}'1 :3Opm 
in the Davis/Riverside Room. Price Center. 
Thurgood MInhIU WHIt 
MIrWIt Arts Comest - ExpreSSions of Social 
Justke Through Art. Witness social Justice in action 
as student artists create relev,nt pieces In real time. 
Prizes total $3501 1 bm-4pm. outside TMC Admin 
Building. Rules and applications available in the 
TMC Dean's office. 

CAREER 
o...c-. PrKtkt InttrVltwlng for ~k 
Trock Ph.D. Studtnb . Practke answering faculty 
hiring committee questions on-camera in a small 
group setting. Pre-registration is requi red - please 
call 858534.3750 or stop by the Career Services 

UCSD International 
Education Week 
Nov. 13-17 

Experience a variety of international 
cultures through interactive displays, 
food, art, films, and timely, topical lec-
tures on such issues as political change 
in latin America and the economy in 
North Korea. Other lEW activities will 
include a job fair, an international career 
panel, a Peace Corps presentation, pro-
grams abroad sessions, films, children's 
art and cuisines from around the world. 
The events are open to the public and 
most are free unless otherwise noted. 
For more information see the insert 
In today's Guardian, call Emily Maxon, 
director of Intemational House at (858) 
822·1791 , or go to http://iew.ucsd.edu. 

FRI NOV 17 
Center to sign up. 11am-l pm in the CSC Conference IIIterNItionAI Eduutlon W .... 
Room 

11M Inttrnotlonol Ceftter c.f' Closing Ceremony 
0n<I0_1 PrIClia! InIRrYinrIng for Inttmship and Lunch will be held In the International Center 
ond Port-TIme Job SeeIIers - Learn the techniques Patio and lounge. The longfellow Ballet Folklorico 
that work and practice answering re.1 interview Dance Group will perform. lunch is $4. Noon. 
questions while being videotaped in this small· , 1 :30pm. 
group workshop. Pre·registratlon Is required 
. please call 858.534.37S0 or stop by the Career Thurvood MlrWtI w..k 
Services Center to sign up. 2·4pm in the Career Guest Spelker J..." WHII .... , - Spend an evening 
Services Center Conference Room. with the Emmy Award winning writer, radio and TV 
MobITV RtauItIng I'NIIntoIIon . This free com. corresponden~ and author of Thurgood Ma"hall: 
pany presentation will get )'OU up to speed on American Revolutionary and Eyes on the Prize: 
upcoming job and internship opportunitie~ Learn America's Civil Rights Years, 1954-1965. He is also 
more at career.ucsd.edu _ click on 'On.Campus the author of the current best seller Enough. 5-6pm 
Interviewing.' S·6:10pm in the Career Services at Mandeville Auditorium Book signing will follow 
Center 's Horizon Room. the event 
ffw MCAT Test Chonge llId CIT Stmog"f Semi""r MARSHALLPALOOIA · Thurgood Marshall College's 
. Find out how the computer·based format will annual student-run festival including concert, 
affect you and how to sign up for a CST Practice food, talent show, games & rides (Ferris wheeland 
Test. Determine which of the 22 administrations is mechanical bull.) FREEI3-IOpm at Marshall Field. 
best for you. learn key CBT test strategies to help ART S 
you to be successful on Test Day. FREE Pizza and 
' 2007 MCAT Change' CD-ROM's will be provided! 
6·7:30pm, Mandeville East Room, just inside from 
the coffee cart. 

LECTURE 
u UABC In UCSO pr ..... 1s Humberto Filix 
........... - 'I.a literatura de la frontera norte de 

M~xico" Professor Berumen is coordinator of the 
Jorge A. Bustamante Library at EI Colegio de la 
Frontera Norte in TIjuana and professor in the 
S<hool of Humanities. UASe. The La UABC en UCSD 
series brings poet~ scholars. playwrights, and critks 
from the Universidad Aut6noma de SaJa California. 
TIjuana campus, to UCSD to showcase theircreative 
and scholarly works. 5pm in the deCerteau Room, 
155 literature Building. 

RECREATION 
The Price Center Film Series presents Clerks (II), 6 & 
9pm at the Price Center Theater. 53 admission. 

UCSO Theatre presents Lope de Vega's Th. 
Labyrinth of Desi ... 8pm at the Potiker Theatre. 
Students $101 UCSD staff $12,515 GA. 

RECREATtON 
The F·12 Free Concert series presents Sol.r., 12 
Noon on Porter's Pub patio In the Student Center. 

SAT NOV 18 
ARTS 

UCSO Theatre & Dance presents Lope de Vega's 
Tha ubyrlnth of Desi ... 2 and Bpm at the Potlker 
Theatre. Students $101 UCSD staff S 12, $1 S GA. 

RECREATION 
The Price Center Film Series presents Oerks (III, 6 & 
gpm at the Price Center Theater. 51 admission. 

SPORTS 
Men', I Women', FencIng MIld! n. CAt Toch, CAl 
SlIte Fullerton ond UC Irvine. t pm at RIMAe. 

Thurgood Marshall 
Week 

Nov. 13-17 
This weeklong celebration of Justice 
Thurgood Marshall (1908-1993) presents 
myriad venues of expression and inter-
action to raise consciousness of social 
issues and Thurgood Marshall College's 
contributions. All events are free and 
open to the public. http://marshall,ucsd. 
e-l" 

SUN NOV19 
SPECIAL EVENT 

UCSO', ~iblpng Pitipino', 9th AnnUli 
"-9bsomo. It's a space for people of All ages 
and cultural backgrounds to explore and enjoy 
an afternoon of entertainmen~ workshop~ ven-
dors and food. Confirmed Artists Include: NUMP. 
Bambu/NativeGuns, Kareya. Touchblue, Tin Cagayal, 
FreedomWriters and many more. I Oam-4pm on the 
Roosevek College Green. FREE! 

WEEKLY 
CAREER 
On-e.mpu'ln~ng with Top Employers,Oct. 
16-Nov. 17 - Looking for a full·time career position 
or high·level internship? Industry-leading employ-
ers recruit at the Career Services Center throughout 
the year for positions outside of our regular list-
ings. Log on to httpJlcareer.ucsd.edu and click 
on 'On·Campus Interviewing' to leam about the 
companies and submit your resume for upcoming 
Interviews. Current resume deadlines include 11 /13 
for Fluor Corporation; 11/14 for TriStar Capital; 
11 /20 for Calence. 

CLUBS 
UCSD language Conversation ToI)l., - Bringing 
together natrve speakers & language learners for 
Informal conversatton in over 25 foreign languag-
es. Everyone's welcome to join, even beginners! 
Meetings at Cafe Ventanas, Weeks 2-1 0. For infor-
mation on specific times & language~ visit httpJ/ 
ihouse.ucsd.edu/calendar.asp 

HEALTH 
STUDENT HEALTH is open to All registered 
students, regardless of health insurance status. 
Appointments can be scheduled online at httpJI 
studenthealth.ucsd.edu or call S34-8089. Same· 
day appointment for urgent needs; walk·in Urgent 
Care If you need immediate care (some access 
fees applyl. Hours: weekdays Bam-4:30pm (Weds. 
9-4:3Opm). 

Gain the advantage for competitive jobs in some of today's fastest growing and most promising industries by participating in 
the UCSD Extension launch Program. DeSigned 
for full -time students, a personal coach will assist 
you in choosing a certificate program and 
building workplace skills to complement your 
degree work giving you the edge you need to 
launch your career. 

Students 
FlvCheaper 

UCSD students receive S 1,800 toward launch 
program fees. 

Attend an information session to learn more! 
November 15, 2006 
5:30 p,m. 
Mandeville East 
For more details visit 
extension.ucsd.edullaunch 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From San Diego to: 

Freano $151 Parla $395 
Denver $202 Naples $480 

$257 Hong Kong 

• C :. StudentUniverse.com 

. ~ . 



-, 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

IF YOU LIST IT 
THEY WJ~L COME 

~.. : 

J}jE,-r~ClMDIAN CLASSIFIEDS 

EVENTS 
The Guardian won't rip down your fly-
ers! Do you have something to tell 
UCSD? You don't need to plaster flyers 
all over the Price Center and watch 
t hem get torn down or covered over 
in minutes. Dig deep and cough up 
the 5 bucks and let the Guardian clas-
sifieds do all the work. That 's 20,000 of 
your damn flyers in one week! That's 
right baby, both in the paper and on 
line at ucsdguardian.org. Check ucs-
dguardian.org for easy instructions 
or just call us @ 858 534-3466. Gitter 
done. (617) 

WIN a Taylor Big Baby ~coustic guitar 
from the Guardian, courtesy of La Jolla 
Music. For more details, please visit 
www.ucsdguardian.org (11/13) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Tuesday, November 14, 2006 at 7 p.m. 
at the UCSD, RIMAC Arena . Robert 
Pennock discusses: "The Ground Rules 
of Science: Why the Judge Ruled 
Intell igent Design Creationism Out of 
Court." (11 / 13) 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$850-$1050 hourly 
Call Jacki 

{858}565-2144 
Mystery Shoppers. Earn up to S 150/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover 
shoppers needed to judge retail and 
dining establishments. Call 800-722-
4791. (11 /30) 

Earn 5800-53200 a month to drive 
brand new cars with ads placed on 
them. www.DriveAdCars.com (11/30) 

MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 
Restaurant in Del Mar is looking for 
a part time waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 
am to 2:30 Mon thru Fri.; For Dinner: 
4:15 pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Part 

r-----------

: BRENDAAnAMS: 
I at ALEX'S SALON : 

:SO I 
:OFF* 
I HI' I nlurcut, r<g. $40 
I '* Up do or Malzeup, reg. $45 
I "'Color or Foil HiLites, rq.$85 I .nd up 

-., .".,., ... ,. 
I c •• ,.. ,.114 rrlfll .... 4 • •• " . 
I 8915 Towne Center Drive 
I San Diego, CA 92122 I 
I 151.229.4157 I L __________ _ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~GuARDIAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD G ... rd"n re,erves the right to classify. edit. delete offensive word, and pharse,. 
andl or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the GlUJrdlGn liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advert iser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the ne.t 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credi t will only be 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: IS per 20 ... 
Faculty & Staff: " .10 ,.. 20 words 

All others: '12 per 20 words 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

n o.DO per column inch 
Deadlines: 

MONDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 2006 

hotline at l -BOO-NO-ABORT or visit 
our website www.lifecall.org. (11/30) 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDEDI 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

P .... s. Hnd all correspondence regarding C.a .. ifl .... to: PublICation Date DIsplay Ads and line Ads 

CoMPENsATION $8,000 
Call . prod. di,e Solutions 

now 818·832·1494 UCSD G ... rdian, Attn: CI ... ifl .... , 9500 GiI,.,.,n Drive '0316, La Jolla, CA 9l093. MonAy 4pm Mon (\ wIl) 
Actua"ocation: Student Center A, Room l17. Thtorscbly 4pm Thurs (I wIl) 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Time: Minimum of 2 days on either 
Lunch or Dinner. Cal l Manager: (858) 
204-4831 bet. 10 am to 4 pm, Mon-
Sat. (11 / 16) 

TUTORS 
needed in most subjects. 

Call the Tutoring Network 
a5aoNET-WORK (858-638-9675J 

Real Estate & Loan company looking 
for energetic & motivated person. PT 
admin, phone duties. Training pro-
vided. (858) 564-0652. (1 1/13) 

Attorney Aide:, Disabled female 
attorney needs part time assistance 
(Wednesdays, Fridays) to assist at 
office. Hours are 8:15 am to 7:00 pm 
(plus additional overtime). Duties 
include typing filing, word processing, 
occasional bookkeeping, assistance 
at court, good grammar and punc-
tuation skills, knowledge of Microsoft 
Office, good handwriting and the abil-
ity to stand for long periods of time. 
Requires the ability to drive a van 
with an automatic transmission. Must 
have good driving record. Candidates 
must pass a grammar, spelling, punc-
tuation and typing test plus a back-
ground check. Please send resume 
to: Human Resources, DLA Piper US 
LLP, 401 B. Street, Suite #1700, San 
Diego, CA 92101 or email to maureen. 
walker@dlapiper.com (11 /30) 

Paid marketing internship for nation-
wide' bar and restaurant organiza-
tion. 10-20 hours per week. Please 
fax resume to 619-291-0845 or e-mail 
hq@mje-inc.com (11116) 

Air Fo rce ROTC studenls get 
oppor tu ni t ies l i ke summer 
internships in fore ign countries and 
leadership training . Scholarships 
provide up to full tuition and up to 
$400 a month in spending money. 
Find out how you can make your 
college career more noteworthy. 
Visit our Web site or call our 
toll-free number. 

AFROTC.COM • 1-8"-_AFROTC 

619-594-5550 
75afrotc (ivmail.sdslI . edu 

Financial advisor needs part t ime help 
for client services. Phone skill is a 
must. Flexible hours. UTC area. 511/ 
hr. 858-558-7000 x391 (11/1 6). 

Need software engineer to code up 
an idea then put it on the web. Lee 
- 858-453-2805. (11 / 13) 

FOR RENT 
This space is what's For Rent! 
Call the Guardian Classified 
desk at 858-534-3466 or email 
adsucsdg ua rd ia n@yahoo.com. 
(11/13) 

FOR SALE 
UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 

Apple MacBook Blowout 
Buy with AppIeCa ... nd Receive $1 00 Rebote 
MaeBoo/! Pro 15.4"(MA6OOlUA) Was S 1799 
1.0 Ghz Intel Core Duo NOW: $1299 

Mac800kPro 15.4" (MA601LUA) Was SU99 
1. I 6GHz Intel Core Duo NOW: $1599 

MacBook Pro r r (MA091LUA) Was S2599 
l.33GHzlntei CoreDuol NOW: $2199 

Purthose with AppIeCare. Reciwe 
Free Extr. AC Ad.pter 

Moc800k 13.3" (MAlS4LUA) Reg. S 1049 
1.83Ghz Intel Core Duo UCSO Pric.: $999 

Mac800k 13.3" (MA1SSLUA) Reg.S1199 
2.0 Ghz Intel Core Duo UCSD Price: $1 ,099 

• 

UCSD Bookstore Computer Center 
1858,534-4291 

hrrp:l/booicJtore.ucsd.«iu/computerl/ 

ACROSS 
1 Jogging gait 
5 _ vinci I omnia 
9 Freer (rom risk . 
14 Novelist Jaffe 
15 Ea sy gait 
16 Handbag 
17 Robert of "The Sopranos" 
16 Pension S$ 
19 Playwright CI i fford 
20 Chance event 
23 Held first place 
24 Narcs' org. 
25 Gas: pref. 
26 Spacewa lk, to NASA 
29 Obliterate 
31 Zhivago's love 
33 Physics particle 
34 Kind 
36 Dosa ge amI. 
37 Caron tille roie 
36 Chance event 
42 Operatic prima donna 
43 Wish undone 
44 Put on 
45 Historic periods 
46 Tips 
48 Approaches 
S2 Fish with a long snout 
53 Conlemptuous inte~ection 
S4 Goddess of foily 
56 Menlo Park initial s 
57 Chance event 
61 Steepie top 
b3 Title role for Peter Fonda 
64 Geometry calculation 
65 Penultimate round 
66 Ranked competitor 
67 Oenched fingen 
66 Bikini blast 
69 Author' Ferber 
70 Ferrara famil~ 

DOWN 
1 Unimportant thing 
2 Caster piece 
3 New Vorl< lake 
4 Boat cOlIer 
s De Maupassant novel 
6 Human 
7 Colorful marine fish 
8 Scientific investiption 
9 T""'ke(s trail 
10 Auto on the autobahn 
11 Wildly excited 
12 B05Ion h ... 
13 Legal ~Ing 

UGG & Aussie Dogs sheepskin boots, 
shoes & slippers $1 0 off any item 
excluding In-Line UGGs. Bootworld. 
com for locations. (11/30) 

WANTED 
Volunteers paid S45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21 -26, call 
858-552-8585 x5590. (11 /30) 

SERVICES 
Pregnant or know someone who is? 
You don't have to be alone. We want 
to help. Call our 24 hour confidential 

Fully Equipped 
Hourly Reheerul Studio . ... 

• 5 Piece Drum Kit • B<lss Amp 
Hlgn Hat. Crasn &. Ride 

• 2 Gu~ar Half Stacks • PA. Mics 
... Just 8rtne Your 

Instruments. Cebles a Oru_tk:IIs 
AskMout "" ....... tor ............. 

.............. rlltH. 
7742 AIUOIIS DRIVE. sum A - MIRAMAR 

Cell (ase, 835-9811 ,...-...... 
_.H ....... ...-.,..I._ 

DUI? MIP? DRUG CHARGE? CALL A 
FORMER PROSECUTOR TO DEFEND 
YOU! AFFORDABLE RATES AND 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS. LAZO LAW 
CENTER. (619) 595-3157 (11/30) 

TEASERS - Stylish waxing. Great daily 

FREE PIZZA SLICE p.3 
UCSDEVENTS p.3 
CITY SHUTTLE ROUTES p.9 
THURGOOD MARSHALL WEEK p.2 
ROCCO'S HAIR STYLE p.14 
INT'L CAREERS p.5 

CROSSWORD 

21 "Isiand of the Blue Doiphi",," author 49 Some a",ade games 
22 Came toa halt 50 Hardest to find 
27 Mouseiike rodent 51 Tranquilize 
28 f",""h Iriend 53 B~nany pen 
30 Eliors Marner S5 Actress Bora 
32 Played. port SB AuthorllOO 
33 Fashionable shape 59 Ran away 
3S Seoul resident 60 Coffee shop 
38 LalYi." apilal 61 987-65-4321 group 
39 W<X1<et's exira wages 62 Favorite 
40 Camival attraclion 
41 Gift A!Cipient 
42 Diplomat Hannmar>l<iold Find cr05Sword &: !Olulions 81 
47 lustrous fabric www.llcJdpardiGlLorg!crossworri 

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2006 

and holiday specials. Mention ad. 
Keirstin 858-354-0352 or 858-272-
1876. (11 / 16) 

PERSONALS 
GUARDIAN MOVIE TRIVIA: I can't find 
the right one, so here's one from 
Laurel instead. Be the first to email 
mfoulks@ucsd.edu with the correct 
movie wherin the following quote 
was uttered: "It's an important and 
popular fact that things are not 
always what they seem. For instance, 
on the planet Earth, man has always 
assumed that he was the most intel-
ligent species occupying the planet, 
instead of the third most inteligent. 

The second most intelligent were, of 
course, dolphins." (11/13) 

ANYTHING BUT YOUR SOUL 
~~GuARQIAN ClASSIFIEDS 
Great Lawyer Series: a New Jersey 
woman plans to sue a Manhattan bar 
that sponsored a"Shake it like Shaklra" 
competition after she injured herself 
during the contest. (11/13) 

Britney Spears seeks full custody of 
the two children in her divorce case 
against Kevin Federline. Kevin just 
wants the couch and remote. (11/13) 

Since 1962 

7442 Girard AY8IIIIe, La Joll., Cell'oml. 
www.lalollamu.lc.comI58-459-3375 

Prillale Lessons in 011' Studios 
Guitars by Taylor, Washburn, Samick - Harps by Lyon & Healy 

Bond & Orchestra Instruments by Glaesel, Selmer, Yamaha 
Shut Music - Classical, JOZ%, Popular, & Mttlwds 

Instruments/rom Around TM WorM 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Robert Pennock Convocation 
UThe Ground Ruled of Science: 

Why the ·JuJge Ruled 
InteLLigent Duign 

Creationun2 Out of Court N 
The Convocation is open to the public . 
Philosopher and scienti st Robert T. Pennock 
discusses the creationist movement, a stormy 
topic from schoolhouse to courtroomf during a 
Convocation on Intelligent Design Creationism. 

He is the author Tower of BaheL: The E"iJcllce 
A.9ainJt the Nell' CreationMm, which has been 
positively reviewed in more than 50 publications, 
both scientific and religious. "The New York 
Review of Books" call ed it "the best book on 
creationism in all its guises." In addition, in 

September 2005, Dr_ Pennock was caJled as an expert witness in "Kitzmiller et al 
v. Dover Area School Board_" The suit tested the constitutionality of a policy that 
allowed -the teaching of intelligent design creationism in a public school. 

Open to the public! 
This event is sponsored by the Council of Provosts, Sixth College, the He len 
Edison Lecture Series, the Division of Biological Sciences, Calit2 and the Sixth 
CoUege Student Cou neil. 

Tuesday, N ove m ber 14th, 2006 
at 7:00pm at the Rimae Arena, UCSD 

For more in formation, visit bttp://.Jixtb.uc,/J.wu 

Got BAWLS? Check out Library Walk at Noon 

What IS law school? 
A place where convention is reinforced? 

Or more t ha n t ha t ? 
A place to learn a broad repertoire of skills . 

A rigorous curriculum in a supportive environment. 
An intersection of theory a nd practice. 

Explore the full potential of the law 
in a school devoted to the big picture. 

CALIFORN IA WESTERN 
SCHOOL OF LAW I San Diego 

What law school ought to be.'" 



., 

14 SPORTS 

UTe 
University Towne Centre 

(858) 455-0420 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS WITH ID 
WALK-INS WELCOME 

OFF 
ANY HAIRCUT 

Student discount with 10. Exp. 12113/06 

FREE 
HAIRCUT with an, 
CHEMICAL SERVICE 
Student d iscount with 10. Exp. 12113/06 

ROCCO'S NAILS 858-202-0426 
Fills ...........................•..................... ............. $1 5 
Manicure & Pedicure ............................. $23 
Full Set (pink & white) ........................... $25 
Spa Pedicure ............................................ $65 

Learn about a new way to 

PAY forcollege 

tudent Securities 
S~curing your future_ 

www.studentsecurities.com 

DOlll;Il0'S Delivers to UCSD! 
I GUARDIAN SPECIAL 
13MEDIUMs 00 
I l-topping 15 
I PIZZAS PLUS TAX 

L 

Exp.17/31/06 

Good on Hand Tossed and Thin Crust. Deep Dish $1 Ex1ra. $1 .99 Dolivory Chargo. 

•• 
tritonplus Chorges for yoice orders only p'eose 

Order ONLINE at www.DomlnosSonDiego.com 
.--

Need Extra Cash for the Holidays? 

• Bartenders 
• Meeters & Greeters 
• Dishers 

It's possible to cover everyone on your 
list and more working at HEPCat! 

HEPCat has tons of temporary 
part- time positions for: 
• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality industry! 
Daily & Weekly Pay! Work Today, Get Paid Tomorrow! Flexible 

Work Schedules! Group interviews! Open House take place on: 
Mondays thru Thursdays at 10:30 am, 1:30 pm 8c 4:30 pm SHARP! 

Se Habla Elpanol! 
Apply Today, Start Tomorrow! 814 Morena Boulevard, 

Suite 21O-San Diego, call (888}472-1829!! www.HEPC4t.jobs 

.J 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2006 

Dragon Boaters Look to Winter Recruitment 
• DRAGON BOAT, from page 16 
first place in the C division. UCSD's 
A team finished less than one second 
behind Suen Feng Loong, a team not 
affiliated with any college, and less 
than one second ahead of UC Davis. 
Overall, it was a tight race, with last 
year's winners, UC Berkeley, coming 
in fourth. 

"We're really proud of our team;' 
Zhao said. "Our B team beat all the 
other teams in their division. We 
came in the underdogs - not seeded 
very high - but we pulled out some 
upsets ." 

Even though the sport is relatively 
new to UCSD and other nearby col-
leges, dragon boat has a long history. 
The sport originated in China about 
2,500 years ago and has now spread 
around the world. 

"It's a really big sport," junior 
rower Kevin Kwan said. "It's second 
to soccer in the world ." 

Kwan and other members are 
also interested in making dragon 
boat a more prominent sport at col-
leges in general. 

"We're trying to set up a college 
league, but that's a Iinle far off in the 
future," Kwan said. 

Right now, the team is focused on 
increasing the number of members 
on the squad and members plan to 
continue their recruiting into the 
winter. Although prior experience 
is helpful. Yee insists that it is by 
no means a requirement to join the 

Seniors Bid 
Farewell to 

National Title 
• SOCCER, from page 16 

"We pushed hard the second 
half and had some opportunities." 
Sepulveda aid . "We knew that if 
we could just get one goa l, anoth-
er would come qUickly, but it just 
wasn't our day." 

The final blow by the Roadrunners 
swooped past McGovern into the left 
corner of the Triton net from 2S yard 
out, bringi ng the score to 0-2 in the 
66th minute of play. Senior forward 
Kylee Hanavan , who also assisted 
the first goal in the game, made the 
final shot. 

"It was an amazing shot which 
I had no chance of saving:' said 
McGovern. who has made 60 saves 
in 2, 11 7 minutes of play this sea-
son. 

As the ' game came to a close, 
the team said goodbye to a national 
title, and four seniors: midfielders 
Kelly Cochran, Megan Dickey, the 
injured Heather Sugg, and forward 
Alise Malley. 

From 2003 to 2006, their Triton 
team record moved from 18-3- 1, 
14-4-1, 18-4-0 to rest at the current 
20-2-2. 

"Initially we all cried : Lai said. 
"But by the time we got to the air-
port an hour later, we realized that 
it was a great end to a great season. 
Our coach kept telling us that our 
team had the talent and ability to 
go all the way this year, and we 
still believe it, but got unlucky this 
game:' 

HILLARY HDER/CUARD/;\N 
The 3·year-old dragon boot team has created a short but successful history with a first-plaCL 
finish for the B team at its first race at Lake Merced in San Francisco. 
team. 

"If you want to do [dragon boatl, 
you don't need experience," she 
said_ "We train new people - you 
just need a good attitude. It's team-
oriented more than any sport I've 
tried:' 

Zhao had tried different sports 
in high school before settling on 
dragon boat. The importance of 
teamwork in the sport is one reason 
he was drawn ill by it. 

"You're only as strong as your 

weakest link," he said. "The team 
with the best teamwork and timing 
wiJls races:' 

The dragon boaters won't race 
again until May 2007, but the team 
is ready to be recognized as a top-
tier team . 

"Last year, we weren't expect -
ing too much, but we held our own 
against the good teams," Zhao said. 
"This year, we have a lot more expe-
rience. We are a top-seeded team 
now and we expect to win:' 

Fresh Victory Prl)pels 
Tritons into Championships 
• WATER POLO, from page 16 
put the starters back in. After a 
few close misses by both teams, 
Kotanjian netted another goal 
with a man advantage to end the 
quarter, 4-2. 

UCSD didn't let up in the third 
and scored three more goals, only 
to have UC Irvine score the next 
two to make it 7-4. 

I n the fourth 

". 

"He's the only player to leave 
our club team here at UCSD and 
make the varsity:' Harper said . 
"I'm really proud of him." 

Even up until the last second, 
Harper did not let up on the Triton 
players, getting them ready for 
what's to come in the WWPA tour-
nament. 

"Our defense was really strong; 
the second 
group messed 

There's no egos about 
up a little bit, 
but overall it 
was a good 
defensive per-
formance for 
u.s tonight," 

who scores goals or 
who does what. We 

quarter, the 
Anteaters ca me 
out with a one-
on-one oppor-
tunity against 
Randall , but 
were denied 
by a great left-
handed save. 
The Tritons then 

J" ust get the J" ob done?' Harper said. With high 
hopes of mak-

set up almost an 
alley-oop kind 
of play where 

- TyLackey 
Senior two-meter offense ing some noise 

in the NCAA 

junior driver 
Nestor Dordoni rose up high to 
score the goal. UC Irvine finished 
the night with two more goals, as 
did UCSD, including a penalty 
shot by senior utility Kyle Sutterly, 
who joined the team after impress-
ing the coaches with his play on 
the club team. 

tournament , 
UCSD will 

have to take care of business against 
its WWPA rivals. The team seems 
as focused as ever, ready to take on 
the challenge and get the job done. 

"This year, we've really surprised 
a lot of people, but at this point, los-
ing any more ball games is not com-
ing up on my radar;' Harper said. 

Get)bur MeAT Scores UP! Go to: www.stewartmed-.org J 

MONDAY, NOVEM8ER 13, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORT 15 

, UCSD Stomps Aztecs in 
Overtime Play to Push Tie 
• HOCKEY, from page 16 
the Aztecs, SDSU muscled in a shot 
just past the goal line, prompting the 
UCSD crowd to boo at the officials. 

SDSU scored two more quick 
goals, putt ing the Tritons in a 6-4 
hole with a Iinle over 11 minutes 
left in the final period. After the 
second SDSU goal, Ozonian called 
a timeout. 

"I felt like we needed to regroup 
and take a second to focus on what 
we needed to do." Ozonian said. 

The timeout paid off as senior 
forward captain Charlie Blake scored 
a goal less than a minute later, cut-
ling the deficit to one. The defense 
also improved, shutting down SDSU's 
offense completely. With less than 
three minutes left in regulation and 
UCSD on a five ·on-three advantage, 
Tenenbaum scored the game-tying 
goal. Both offenses were shut out the 
rest of the way, sending the game into 
a five-minute overtime period. 

UCSD was not able to convert 
on a power-play opportunity, and 

Carter's save on an SDSU shot with 
10 seconds left in the overtime period 
sealed the tie. 

The tie was an improvement from 
the tough 10-4 loss that the Aztecs 
dealt the Tritons on Oct. 20 at sbsu. 

"We played a lot better on defense 
and goaltending,» Carter said. "We 
had [fewer) turnovers and didn't let 
them break away." 

Because the team was missing five 
of its starting players, some members 
of the team were forced to play differ-
ent positions. 

"We allowed 10 goals last time 
we played [SDSUl, so we didn't want 
to let them run up the score again:' 
Carter said. "Blake played defense the 
whole game. He came in and scored a . 
goal and he checked a lot. He·s usually 
a winger ... he plays offense.» 

The deep-rooted rival ry between 
SDSU and UC D rendered a large 
crowd of rowdy fans. 

"We love the fan support; it makes 
us play that much better," Tenenbaum 
said. 

HILLARY ELDER/CUARDIAN 
The Aztecs left the rink less thon satisfied on Nov. JO with a 6-6 draw to the 
Tritons, whom they previously defeated 10-4 on Oct. 20 at home. 

ASSOC~dents . 

Developin~ the Tradition of Shared Governance 

Wednesday, November IS, 2006 
Noon to 1:30 pm in Price Center Ballroom B 

*Light lunch will be served* 

Students n encouraged to evenL 
For more information, please contact asvpintemallucsd.edu 

Meet this weel< s featured vendors 8t farmers: 

WOODIES KETTLE CORN 
Lewis and Susie Beach are catering 
something sweet to the farmer's 
market. Kettle corn and sugar-free 
kettle corn will satisfy anyone 's sweet 
tooth. For three years the pair have 
been selling at markets in the 
Clairemont community and Scripps 
Ranch . Grab a snack before class. 

CENTER CUT FRESH FRUITS 
Looking for something 
healthy? How about a fresh 
cup of mangoes, papayas, 
watermelon, jicama and 
pineapples? Selling at four 
different San Diego markets, 
Francis started in 2000 selling 
corn on the cob. Now, 
Francis Hernandez and Valente are hoping to bring you new products 
such as fruit with yogurt, granola and cottage cheese . 

-


