
Is DYNES To BLAME FOR UC'S FALL FROM GRACE? .. OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, MAY 15, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Sun God Finale Draws Crowd of 12,000 to RIMAC 
By Jaclyn Snow 

STAFF WRITER 

Traditionally known for drunken debauchery, trips 
to detox and a huge turnout for the concert finale, this 
year's Sun God proved to be no exception. 

Approximately 12,000 people turned out for the 26th-
annual festival concert, according to Commissioner of 
Programming Di Lam. 

-This was actually the biggest crowd we've ever seen 
at Sun God," Lam said -In past years, we've never had 
an accurate count of Sun God [attendees) since our 
scanners have gone down, so the numbers in past years 
have definitely been inflated But this year, we did do an 
official count" 

Demonstrating the reputation the festival has gained 
among those unaffiliated with UCSD, the 4,000 reserve 
tickets sold out, according to Lam. 

"The social scene was amazing." University of La 
Verne senior Ben de Arora said, "The parties were great 
and everyone was friendly." 

However, the lack of beer gardens on campus did 
not stop students from drinking. Officers were out all 
over campus, watching for intoxicated attendees. The 
UCSD Police Department declined to give exact figures 
on arrests and citations during the festival, as the figures 
were not yet finalized. 

The daytime stage featuring Lyrics Born, a San 
Francisco rapper with a large West Coast foUowing. 
attracted hundreds at Price Center with some students 
listening from the fountains. 

"It's been great. the best Sun God yet" Thursood 
ManhaII ColJeae junior em iItopher Puck said. , sot 
pushed into the fountain, but I can't reca1l much else," 

During the day, Sun God lawn had booths hosted by 
student organizations. The KoaJn set up a s1ip-and-slide 
and a jacuzzi before administrators shut down the booth 
in the afternoon. 

-I think [administrators) realized there would have 
been a riot if they shut it down earlier; John Muir 
CoUege alumnus Steve York said 

Lines started forming at the gates for the main event 
at RlMAC Pieid around 4:30 p.m. Plain-dothed officers 
were stationed in front ofRIMAC near the gates. pulling 

~withmwu~to~ilimcon~ts,~~ 
citations tOr alcohol. Visibly intoxicated students were 
abo barred from puling throush the pta. This Sun 

'ASON CAMP~GU."'IOI"N 
Above: Talib Kweli's rwrfomw jftpsa lid. ,""lItl My Oremical 
Romance suenade tM Sun God concert crowd. 

God was about the same as years past in terms of drunk 
students, according to Officer Dan Cook. 

After passing through the gauntlet, students were 
bombarded with food stands and blow-up obstacle 
counes, which continued running after the show began 
at 5 p.m. .After the concert, students expressed frustra-

[ CONCERT, .,. 8 J 

UCSD Police Join City Cops In Hunt for Rapist 
By Charles Nguyen 

NEWS EDITOR 

San Diego law enforcement has 
partnered with the UCSD Police 
Department to investigate two 
rapes of female students in the 
UCSO area. 

DNA evidence and how the 
crimes were committed showed 
that the same suspect was involved 
with both crimes, San Diego Police 
Department officials said To expe-
dite investigations, the city decided 
this month to enlist efforts of uni-
versity police to catch the suspect. 
According to victim and witness 
reports, the perpetrator was an 
Asian male between 30 and 40 
years old, between 5 feet 6 inches 
and S feet 10 inches taU and weigh-
ing between 140 and 180 pounds. 

l SHUTTlfS, page 8 J 

FOCUS 

American Dreams? 

NUMBER OF RAPES IN THE UCSD AREA 

1 

lOO6 

sOUacf: SAN Dtlc:o 1'01.10 DfpjIUMINT 

SPORTS 

Strike Three, You're 

Campus, MIS Partner to 
Expand Free City Bus Zones 
Starting fall quarter, 
students and staff 
will have access to 
bus routes to Fashion 
Valley. 

By Erika Cervantes 
STAFF WRITER 

Beginning next fall , UCSD stu-
dents, faculty and staff will have 
greater access to bus services in the 
San Diego area. 

UCSD is working with the region -
a� Metropolitan Transit System 
increase the frequency and service 
areas of the buses MTS provides for 
the community, according to Greg 
Snee, director of planning and anal-

ysis at the campus' Transportation 
and Parking Services. 

To work in conjunction with these 
transit-service improvements, UCSD 
will expand the range of the free cam-
pus bus pass zone to include a larger 
regional area than previously served, 
including the entire length of MTS 
route 41 , which connects UCSD and 
Fashion Valley, Snee said. 

Surveys completed last quarter by 
T&PS reported that approximately 
1,300 students, staff and faculty utilize 
the MTS and County Transit District 
to enter UCSD each day. 

No major changes are anticipated 
for the on-campus shuttle system in the 
faU, Snee said 

While the improvements to 

r SHUTTLES, page 3 ] 

INSIDE WEATHER 
Currents .................................. 2 .. -. 
Column ............... .... .. .. ............. 5 

Undocumented students stnJggle to get 
at institutions of higher education. 
page 9 

71ae baseball temn~ season ends with two close 
losses to CSU Dominguez Hills and CSU~'JIl~""­

letters to the Editor .... .. ...... .. 6 
Campus Calendar .................. 7 

May IS 
H68L60 

o 
May 16 

H69L62 

o page 16 Classifieds ........................ ..... 13 
Crossword ............................. 13 

May 17 
H 71 L6S 

May 18 
H 71L63 



2 NEWS 

We're Allin This 1.,. .. .,. ..... 

CURRENTS ------
There Is No 'Rest' for 

Autistic Brains 
Normal brain activity present 

when most people are resting or 
daydreaming is absent or damaged 
in individuals with autism, accord-
ing to a new 'UCSD study. 

The study results revealed that 
brain activity during a time of 
rest helps process emotional and 
socia l cues, the characteristics that 
are abnormal in autistic people. 
Through brain scans, the research-
ers found that normal individuals' 
brains deactivate from rest mode 
when presented with a complex 
mental task but autistic brains do 
not. 

Autism is marked by highly 
impaired social interactions, com-
munication abilities and interest 
and behavior patterns. Usually diag-
nosed before age three, autism is 
three times as likely to affect boys, 
although the symptoms in girls with 
the disease are oftentimes notably 
more serious. 

Campus Begins Taiwan 
Studies Program 

The $'00,000 gift was presented 
to Chancellor Marye Anne Fox in 
a ceremony on May 15. Noted 
Taiwanese-Americans, including 
vocalist Hsun Hsun Hsu and pia-
nist Julie Wong. also attended the 
ceremony. 

The project will focus on bring-
ing a greater understanding of 
Taiwanese history and culture. 

Study: Pollution 
Siammil"!g South Asia 
A new study from researchers at 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
has demonstrated that air pollu-
tion, greenhouse gases and climate 
fluctuations have produced great-
er-than-expected consequences in 
South Asia, the world's most popu-
lous region. 

Scientists noted that cooler-than-
normal temperatures in the Indian 
Ocean have weakened natural cli-
mate conditions. As a result, rainfall 
over India has decreased because 
ongoing greenhouse gas emissions 
are warming the tropical areas but 
not the northern ocean, sparking 
drought conditions that affect nearly 
2 billion people. 

THE UC5D GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAV 15, 2006 

Vlidi:~ ~~~ ~ (A8 
Huh,n Miklos c.". WikMa 

Heather YVrUes 

Owtes Ngu~" .... ~ 
MoIIIl<w MeArol. __ _ 

MAri.1nne Maddt:n o,wo. &MIaf 
Hv\NCamp _0pI0I00_ 
.... lnIeon ..... _ 

DoNI ......... ' _ ..... _ 
Christl .. ,.. __ 

MI.""''''ri, '-dI* ........ 
C~"N __ _ 

Christlne~" ....... ..-NIIIrI 
~Iehufe 

IIoIIyWons __ 

~ndcr\"fond ..... ,..-. 

And .... Ngu!'n DoOp_ 
RIley s.alitll·~ir('e All" 

--

_I_ 
RlcN.dChol, ~~-..,-. U.oIIo,,"*, SI __ 

Nlnf~==-' 
!WIer - Nedol)ooi7r 

M ____ __ 

M_TooI_-"", __ 
_c: ......... __ .......-

Mite MarMel ~ ... DiNdIt 
IOShROR ...... 

Thanks to a donation from the 
local Taiwanese-American commu-
nity, UCSD is set to become one 
of the few universities in the coun-
try with an endowed lecture series 
focused specifically onTaiwan. 

In addition to South Asia, simi-
lar pollution clouds - or brown 
haze clouds - can be found in 
numerous areas around the world, 
including over major urban centers 
such as Los Angeles and Denver in 
the United States, 

1Tw Guadiaa CIIrfIdJ .. cmn ....., .. "., ..".,..,. "'". ...... 
ConwfioIu QIII 1M.,.,,. edItoI..... Map... • 

REGENTS pizzerld 
e><::::> 

HAfriD S'UN 

858-550-0406 

DoIit get ripped off by chain-
store pizza. Wby pay 11 bucks for a pizza 
made with bad ingredients when you can get 
just as much pizza at Regents Pizzeria for 
$9.45? 

We make our dough fresh every day in a big 
mixer using springshard wheat and extra-
virgin olive oil We pick. fresh basil and orega-
no for our sauce, which we make from scratch. 
We use the finest mozzarella cheese, no fillers 
added. We toss the dough out by hand and 
cook it on a stone-deck. oven. 

www.regentspizza.com We have free delivery and better pizza. Stop in 
and have a slice on us. We're sure you'll see 
why Regents Pizzeria is the best pizza in La 
Jolla. 

------------------~ 
Free Slice 

Come in for a free slice of NY-style cheese pizza, no 
I strings attached. 
I Limit one per person. Valid tillS/21/06. L ___________________ _ 

4150Regants PlR Rod170, lJI.loIa 12 doon1 down from Einsalin Bros Bagleson the NE Comerofl.1 JdIa V!lagedr. a1d Regents rd. 

Four years of studying 
16 mon1hs of worry time 

400 11K of books 
1 hard drive, 1 broken heart 
S super size bo1ttes of aspirin 

2 months worth of sleepless nights (studying) 
Countless numbers of sleepless nights (not studying) 

More cold pizza than you .. have 
for the rest of your life, 

and now you're supposed to put your 
best face fonad as you step Into your futur .... 

IHI tHt ... ho •• 1 ..... 01 It! 
You've earned It .. . 

get lASIK! 
UCSD SHILEY EYE CENTER 

MONDo\Y, MAy 15, 2G06 THE UCSD GlWtDIAN NEWS 3 

Political On~laught of UC Continues 
By Charles Ngllytll 

NEWS EDITOR 

PreNure is increasing on ue 
administraton to review the system's 

~ structure, with I top law-
maker being the latest in .. long line of 
poIitidaaa to demand concrete muIts 
from the unimsity. 

Last week, Asaemblywoman 
Carol Uu (D-La CaftadalFlimridIJe) 
- chair of the Il* As&embly Higher 
Education e~ - called for a 
"perfonnance auditn of the 100campus 
college system. which would scruti-
nize the univtnity'. staff'mg proce-
dures and organization. 

Under Liu', plan, a five-person 
panel - two appointed by the ue 
Board of Regents, one by UC President 
Robert C. Dynes and ODe person each 
chosen by the chairs of the Assembly 
and Senate Higher Education 
Committees - would hire an inde-
pendent contractor to examine ~staff 
leveu. functions.. IIIIIlIFJDalt poli-

• des, compensation levels and areas of 
possible duplication and ~ with 
campus functions," according to Uu's 
spokeswoman. Candice Chq 

Uu', demands rome on the heels of 
two financial audits by the uniYersity 

and by the .... bod! of which found 
fIapaot vicIatiaaa of uniftrIIty pay 
policies. The IIIre auditor found that, 
in IIOIDe inItanca. the ue Oftke of 
the President IUthorized bundreda of 
thousauda of doIIan in ema compen-

( t is dear that a 
systemic disconnect 
between UCOP and 
the Board of Regents 

.•. hasemlved 
over time." 

- Carol Liu, Chair, 
Assembly Higher Education 

Committee 

aation without properly notifying the 
UC Board ofRegenta. 

Ahhough estimates by the S/m 
FrtmcisaJ Chronicle placed pay perk 
figures at more than S800 million, 
UC officials haw diJputed the exact 
number. 

"It II dear that I syatemic diacon-
DeCt between uCOP and the Board 
of Rqents and betwftn uCOP and 
the ue campuICI hu ewMd fNCt 
time,. Liu stated in a press release. 
"I think I brmd mduation of aD of 
the fimctions and operations of the 
ueep II Joos omdue. We need to 
eumlDe UCOP'. rapooaibi/IIeI and 
functioas reIItiw to those of the indi-
vidual CIIIIpUIeI and determine how 
the office CIIl become more efficient 
and respoNiw." 

Dynes has said that a similar review 
of UC structure is already underway, 
with results set to be presented III the 
ue Botid of Rqrnts' next medinS. 
He did not, however, offer details on 
the review or who would presmt it. 

"It is my intent that this first review 
will lead to structural and functional 
inlproYements in a timely manner; 
he Stilled in a press release. "My goal. 
working with others, is to achieve full 
public accountability.· 

Liu suggested a deadline of July 
2007 for the univenity's performance 
audit, which wou1d be paid for by the 
univenity's own ~ds. 

Re.wers can contQct CIui"es Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen .. bcglobaLnet. 

737 Turquoise St,,1aci~c Beach 
•• ... ••• dabl: tt ...... AlCIIII E·MAll: boulevordoutoOson .rr.com 
- - - - - - -, - - - - , 

OIL CUIIiGE $9~~~:&:'s~~;~ I nAn PIoa ...... Io._,_c ... ...I IogN lruob w-. c...,- up.. 6/}J/06 

Mini Shuttles Make Stops Less Frequently 

Confidential .Egg Donors 
Needed Immediately! 

• SHunLES, from page 1 
MTS services will benefit students, 
many prefer the services of UCSD's 
Cityshuttle. and say that MTS buses 
are often inconvenient and run 
behind schedule. 

"For the most part, I've bad a posi-
tive experience with the Cityshuttles," 
Thurgood Manhall College sopho-
more Allison Rhodes said -They're 
defmitely more reliable than the 
bUIeS ... [whichl taR too long to get 
anywhere and they're always Iak." 

Though many atudents epee that 

the UCSD shuttles are more depend-
able and convenient than the MTS 
buses. othen point out that there is 
still room for improvement. 

"Sometimes I'D be at the shuttle 
stop on Thesday and Thunday nights 
around 9 p.m. and I'D have to wait 
30 minutes for the .buttle,· Revelle 
CoDege sophomore Evan Greene 
said. "It'. kind of ridiculous.· 

Snee said that the delay is due to 
the uae of smaller. quieter shutt1es 
that run less frequently It nipt, even 
though It often CIUIeS 10118 waits. 

·UCSD reduced the size of the 
vehicles on the Cilylhuttle service this 
year in the evening hours to respond 
to decreued passenger demand in the 
late evming hours," Snee 5!!d. -These 
sma1Ier vehicles abo utilize alternative 
fuels and piovide a more quiet vehicle 
alternative within the tommunity." 

More details about expanded MTS 
services will be available on the T&PS 
Web lite this month, Snee said 

RetUlm aut contllct Eri/ca Cervantes 
lit emcervan~csd.edu. 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS A_---



THE~GuARDIAN OOn,-, 
J:J~IOII co TACT m E EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opirr iorr@ucsdguardiarr.org OPINION • UniwnIIy --.. Conoor • __ v.noy 

MONDAY. MAY 15, 2006 _____________________ _ 

n Firing ange 
Should UC President Robert· C. Dynes be fired 

for his role in the compensation scandal? 
The findings on Robert 

C. Dynes are grim 
By Nathan Miklos 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

O n the heels of audits by PricewaterhouseCooper's and California's state auditor, which found holes aplenty in the University of California's 
compensation practices, several state senators have 
called for the ouster of the beleaguered UC president. 
And they might have the right idea, 

Granted, Dynes is not the only administrator responsible for the university's bur-
geoning fiasco. True, his office granted substantial numbers of exceptions to UC pay 
poliCies in the last fiscal year. True, he himself received 523,000 in compensation related 
to his wife's residence at UCSD, which makes him a tempting target. 

But the UC Office of the President has been regularly issuing exceptions to univer-
sity pay rules for nearly LO years, while Dynes has been in oftlce only since 2003. And 
$23,000 is a drop in the bucket compared to the substantial benefits paid to other UC 
executives. 

Furthermore, the audit done by the Bureau of State Audits - the 
state's independent, nonpartisan watchdog - suggests that the greatest 
problems within the university's pay practices are systematic - such 
as the outright failure to report compensation and the vague or 
misleading identification of packages that are reported - the 
blame for which can hardly be pinned on a single person. 

But if anyone had ~ capability to identify and remedy 
these chronic problems, it was the UC president, wbo has 
been delegated much of t1:_ power of the UC regents to 
make pay dedslons. And Dynes took little action on the 
university's pay practices until the issue hit the newsstands 
in the San Francisco Chronicle. If the press had not been 
pressuring the un iversity with its reports of the pay fias-
co, Dynes' apparent commitment to accountability and 
enforcement might never have seen the light of day. 

This failure to act has left the president vufner-
able to attacks from politicians and the public alike. 
"I think that Mr. Dynes is a good man; said Sen. Abel 
Maldonaldo (R-Santa Maria) at a May 3 press confer-
ence. "I think Mr. Dynes is a good academic. I don't 
think he is a good manager and he's defmitely not suited 
to run a 520 biUion university system.' 

A spokesman for Sen. Fabian Nunez (D-Los Angeles) 
came to Dynes' defense, saying that the senator "feels we 
really need to focus time, energy and efforts on the many issues 
facing the UC system, rather than the individual personalities 
involved" - which is all very well. considering Nunez's own 
pOSition as a UC regent. However, the "issues' are not the 
poliCies themselves, but the people who administer 
and enforce them. 

"Those of us who lead the 
University [ofCaliforniaJ hold the 
university In trust for the peo-
ple of California," Dynes noted 
accurately in a Feb. 8 hearing 
with California's Senate Education 
Committee. · We must earn 
their confidence by being 
clear about ou r policies, 0 
making sound decisions 
consistent with those poli-
cies, and be.ing open in com-
municating the a"tions we've 
taken under our policies." 

Dynes is right on the money: 
But can we have confidence in 
UC leaders when self-analysis 
comes only when testy reporters 
are knocking on the door? 

Dynes has accepted responsibility 
for the fact that the university "has 
not always met its obligations to pub-
lic accountability in matters of compen-

[ PRO, page 5] 
IJ 

A case for Dynes and 
'cautious optimism' 

By Vladimir Kogan 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

T he Guardian caught the first whiff of the University of California compensation scandal in February 2005, long before the 
rest of California heard about unreported bonus-
es, housin~ allowances and deferred sabbaticals 
at the state s elite university. 

In an Interview with the paper's editorial board, UC President Robert C. Dynes was 
asked whether his office would provide any money to UCSD for the rebuilding of University 
House. the fancy chancellor's residence that was condemned after he went from being the 
campus' chancdlor to the UC system's president 

·fw said 'no' so far; Dynes responded. "That's local and they'w got to raise that money 
loca1ly." . 

1\vo \WIeks later, the uc Office of the President admitted that it would give the campus 
$ 1 million from,.an opaque fund, provided by an anonymous donor, supposedly with sped6c 

Intent of being used for adminlstraton' housing. 
That Interview carne at the conclusion of Dynes' two-~ 1nwgura1 tour, which 

brought him back to UCSD. Critics now argue, quite rightly, that Dynes sboulcfw 
spent his first two years in office doing less travding and inaugurating and more 

hands-on management. 
However, what struck the lIlembers of this paper's editorial board was not 

Dynes' subterfuse over University House but his pUliion for the UC system 
and his commitment to public service. (Pollowing his YiIit, the board wrote 
an editorial, titled "Dynes Provides Key Leadership and VIsion; expressing 
its optimism for his tenure.) 

That tenure has been marked by many IIUCceaea· lust months after 
taking office. Dynes convinced a Republican governor to make a long-
tenn funding commitment to the university. Since then, he's succesafully 
lobbied lawmakers to approve UC appropriations consistently above the 
levels requested in the governor's budgd. 

It's true that a slew of critical articles and the release of recenl audits 
have largely undercut Dynes' credibility and his political capital; the same 
lawmakers that consistently backed his bid for more university funding 
now caU for his ouster. However, the most important players, including 
the governor and the speaker of the Assembly, continue to otTer their 
Oukewarm) support. 

The truth is that Dynes remains the best president the university 
can hope for. 

The biggest criticism offered by the audits is 
that Dynes appro~ millions In exceptions to the 

university's compensation poliCies, without con-
sulting the UC Board of Regents. However, the 
regents, in recent memory. have done little to 
actually suggest that they want to be kept in 
the loop. When the university used a flawed 
study to back a pay-increase proposal in 
November, the regents ignored critics who 
pointed to serious methodological problems 

In the report. Last 
, ~.--- :~byinthe~ 

O~ DiegoUnion-Tribune "--. shoYled that many of the resents don't even bother coming to their board's meetings (In raponse. the 
~erslty sIq!Iy stopped taking attendance). 

Though Dynes deserves much blame for his 
mistakes, keeping the regmts out of the loop Is not 
one of them; blame the regatts ~ fortbat. 

Dynes' resignation would also pollC an impo .. 
sible question: Who should replace him? Though 
. the audits did show that Dynes had accepted 

some Improper compensation (by allowing 
his wife to stay at University HoUIIC, 

ironically enough), revelations about 
other UC administrators were far 

more damaging. First, there 
was UCSD ChanceUor 

RILEY SALANf·PIARC[lCU>lRDI>lN 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of QJlfom/a or Associated Swdents, 

MON04Y, MAY 15, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Imagine a University With No Students 
For UCSD, as with the rest of the University of California, stu-dents are much like used cars. 

Ever wonder why your favorite 
charity or local PBS station is so keen 
on getting your old plece-of-Junk 
clunker, whether It runs or not? Here's 

So why does the campus Pta up 
with students, then? The answer is 
the state. In order to .get the nearly 
$270 million a year California gives to 
UCSD, the university actually has to 
do something resembling a public ser-
vice,like educating the state's smartest 

students. If the a hint: They don\ 
want the car itself. ,...-........ ---- campus could H ats stllJ get the tax dollars without 

off having to accept 
In many cases, 

charities - 0 r, 
more likely, the 
price-gouging pei-

. vate contractors 
they hire to run the 

Vladimir 
any students, it 
would probably 
happUy do so, 
even if it had to 

give up the pitiful pocket change it 
h · I d . vkogan({(ucsd.edu ve 1C e- onatlon 

programs - resell the old cars to 
other for-profit comparues without 
ddolng much to them. ThoSe com-
panies, in tum, receive credits for 
gating "gross-polluting" vehJcles off 
the streets, helping them to meet reg-
ulatory pollution standards. without 
actually reducing their own emissions 
of toxins. For charities, the junkier the 
jalopy, the better price it can fetch. 

raises from tuition. 
Thai is not to say that univer-

sity administrators and faculty don't 
genuinely care about the students 
they serve. They surely do. However, 
when the interests of students conflict 
with thinss like federally sponsored 

Amendment rights. 
The new Triton Cable "accept-

able use policy; which bans nudity 
and the word "fuel<" during daytime 
hours from the station, shows which 
side the university considered more 
important. 

Student activists and agitators, 
who have long lobbied the university 
to change or accomplish whatever 
pet goal is in vogue at the moment, 
have yet to understand the cold-
hard-cash reality of the way modern 
universities function. In demanding 
specific poliCieS, students still see 
themselves as the university's cus-
tomers, and insist that customers 
are always right. As the university 
fmandal data shows, this model is 
no longer valid (if it eve.r was). 

'The state of California is a custom-
er. The National Science Foundation 
is a customer. Those rich donors are 
customers. Students, however, are 

not. 
For students, 

. At California's public universi-
ties. the system works in very mllCh 
the same way. You see. the university 
receives relativdy little money from 
the students that attend its campus-
es. In 2004, the latest year for which 
the university has reported data, 
UCSD received $145 million from 
student tuition and fees. Though It 
may sound like a lot, student tees 
made up less than 8 percent of the 
campus' total revenue. 

research (which 
provides near-
ly a third of 
UCSD's total 
cash), it is easy 
to see why any 
rational univer-
sity administra-
tor would side 
with the latter. 

Studmts must 
"deII1lODS1trate how 

sidingwlb than would 

and tlieir lead-
ers, convincing 
the university to 
take their side has 
much less to do 
with proving the 
righteousness of 
their position and 
much more to do 
with convincing 

In mldt the 

make the univmity 
JIl(ft money:' 

In fact, "auxiliary enterprises" 
- things like dining haIls and the 
bookstore - brought UCSD more 
than 5100 million, two-thirds the 
amount the campus raised In ·fees. 

Indeed, saylns that UCSD Is in 
the business of IIC~ lIudents is Ih 
IIlIIJ8e5ting ~ lI)at any major on com-
pany is In the business of producing 
renewIhIe ellCllY - both caIqJories 
provide the reapective businesaes (and 
a univenlty is • business) a pIlIfulIy 
small part of their annual rew:nue. 

same way, most 
executives that 
run oil companies also genuinely care 
about the environment - as long as it 
doesn't mean lower profItS. 

For a case-study In the corpo-
rate-university model, consider the 
drama over Student-Run Television: 
After SRTV ~d pornography, and 
national media descended like vul-
tures to cover the story, the univer-
sity received many angry calls from 
generous donors threatening to pull 
funding from the ·porn school" 
At the same time, students mobi-
lized in support of the Station's First 

the administrators 
that their bottom line would be bet-
ter otT. In other words, students must 
demonstrate how siding with them 
would make the university more 
money. As the current mobilization 
against new lee increaaes susP, this 
is a Ieaon student leaders have not 
yetleamed. 

If students truly wiIh to Influence 
the unlvasity's pollcia, they'd be bet-

. ter off eaaing the rbctoric and lower-
ing the volume, and showing the uni-
va'Iity the sihw lining. As America's 
charities know, It can be done. 

• 
UCSD lahln Stillature n 
Time: 7:30 p.m., 
Place: Price pa.",a,WTli'Ilatll,a. FREE 

OPINIONS 

Dynes Is Responsible for the 
Failures of His Administration 
• PRO, from page 4 
satlon and compensation disclosure; 
as he said in a hearing before the stale 
senate, and he has apologized for these 
shortcomings. He clearly recognizes 
the widening breach of trust between 
the UC system and the California pub-
lic, and that policies are meaningless 
without enforcement. But his assess-
ment comes only under the coercion 
of public pressure - too late to save 
his credibility. 

It's unfortunate that Dynes should 
have to take a bullet for the system 

. he inherited from the offiials that 
preceded him. But charged with the 
administrat ion of the university in 
the public trust, he should have seen 
the bullet coming. 

Unless Dynes and the regents can 
pull a magi rabbit out of thei r hats 
at the regents' meeting on May 17, 
the search for a new UC president 
should begin. 

Despite Pay Scandal, UC 
Staffers Are Underpaid 

• CON, from page 4 
Marye Anne Fox's unreported sab-

_ batical buyout. Then there was the 
530,000 dog run for the pet of the UC 
Santa Cruz head Mosl current and 
former top UC executives have been 
named in the audits, so none of them 
could hope to bring more credibility 
to the of Ike. 

Were the regents to turn outside 
of the university, they would face one 
major challenge: pay. For, despite the 
outrage over the newly exposed perks. 
the staff at the University of California 
is vastly underpaid - especially the 
system's president. Attracting a quali-
fled applicant would mean boosting 
his or her pay - a devdopment the 
university's rabid unions would never 
allOw. 

Indeed, compared to the alterative, 
Dynes remains I rather solid choice; al 
his current salary, he's stU! a bargain. 

The University of California facj>~ 
serious problems, swept under the 
carpet for far too long. However, 
most began before Dynes came into 
office and most would continue even 
if he were to leave. What the universi-
ty needs is new poliCies that tackle the 
issues, not a new president to Simply 
make the issues less visible. 

Despite his record on pay, Dynes 
has led the university through two 
storms, including a stale budget melt-
down and an eviction at the governor's 
mansion. Based on this papers' con-
versation with him, he appears to have 
enough left to guide it through a few 
more. 

Last January, the Guardian wrote 
in an editorial: "Though challenges 
remain, Dynes' current administration 
certainly provides a basis for cautious 
optimism." That cautious optimism 
still remains today: 

E-mail editor@ucsdguardian.org 

Log on to 
career.ucsd.edu 

and click on 
"Port Triton" 

ThtnutmJs of Job Listin, per Quizrter 
Explore opportunities for full-time, part-time, and internship 
positions, then submit your resume online. mumaanson~~~~~ 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Soprano 
HeunHeun .... 

Pianist 
Julie Wong 

.uIon of the Taiwan Stud. Endowment: To promote 
understanding and appreciation of Taiwan's arts, culture, 
history, medicine, science, and technology, 

SpecW Programs for Job Seekerl 
Coffee, Bagels, and ... Smart Job Search Techniques 
for Graduating Seniors and Alumni· 
Saturday • S/20 • 10am-12pm 
Effectl". Job Search Strategies 
Monday • 5/22 • 2pm-3pm 
How to Get HiNd at UCSD 
Wednesday. 5124 • 2pm-3:30pm 
Interviewing to Win _ 
Wednesday • 5/31 • 3pm-4pm 
On-Camera Interviewing for Job Seekers" 
Friday • 6/2 • 9am-1 1 am 
• PIY-~strotion lYqullYd. CoI18S8.S34.J7S0 to sign up. 

(1'1 H\II (It<j tl'llj" 11,1 "'th~d"fd 

• '(lH'f'rC;prvl(f'I~C(\nler III 1\ d,'lldl! 1.,\,,1,1·, 
... ,\ r ~ 1 ,~ I) 



6 OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~~~ __ )""'_"""'v..<,-_",_""",,", ... , 

DITCH THE BUN ... PIZZA'S MORE FUN! 
.~~iI:iI.'_'*·~~~~~ !t:~",':.e.<~;t:'". ,..<"'~~~~ > ,...... ~ ,*- ... 

One Large One Topping Pizza 

$7.99 
LJoiIlted -, _ . DoIMry etwa-M. AIIPIr.I'III-11_. 

V.Ud._ID ........... _.IIIt_.lbIt_ ...... 1IIIe 
__ ......... NIt ........ .., __ .cua-,..II 

l1li* __ \ • . _ OtII1M" COUoly .... _ ..... -
.... ~/UI. 

1 
1 
1 

Buy One, Get One 

FREE 
I --........................ ~ .. • .... I 
................ U_.linhddIIMrJ _·o.IMrJC"-
I ... ., Apply. NcIt Vllill will .. atI.- cIffI. CuIt_ PlJlIIIIIIPII088IIII 
1 .... tao WIld only • 80 CoIInty I'I1II JaIIn', Piu. -- 1 

EIqIhe 12110/01. 

TWO LARGE 
Two Topping 

PIZZAS 

1 

.SlS.9S! Eam Up to : $14/hr. (hourly + tips) : 
I limited dlllillery -. Dlilllery c-.. Ill.,,.. ..... - 11--'1 c.I or etop br ,.... John'. at UTe 1 

Not •• Id will" ather rIfftI. C __ PIJI .. IIIIPII088III .... Wll 1 
I v.l1d onIr • 80 Courty P- John', PIua 81-. 4130 La Jolla Village DrIve 1.1 •• .... . I ______ ~~L~ _____ L ________________ J 

The intensive Summer Language Institute in Mandarin Chinese offers students a unique 
opportunity to learn the Chinese language and culture. The curriculum targets two tracks 
of language learners. The first track is Manurln Ch ...... and the second track Is ~ndarln 
Chinese for Heritage Students. The courses are face-to-face with 
innovative online technology to enhance individualized learning: 

Special Features al:'d Benefits: 
• Completion of the eight-week program is equivalent to a year of 

college-level language learning 
• Highly qualified faculty 
• Immersion program experience without traveling to China 
• Innovative onlin~ course support components. 
•• Financial assistance available to qualifying students 

Date: June 26-August 18 
For more informatio'n, pleas~ visit www.uces.csulb.edu/SU, 

or call (562) 985-9333, or email SLI@uces.csulb.edu 

(~l CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY. W LONG BEACH 

SeaWorld 
Sea World Adventure Park San Diego 

is currently looking for 
Tour Guides 'O.'''TUI,. ".1( s-o..,. 

Overview of positiODI 
• Educates pan. guests, school groups, camp panici-

, pants, and private parties about marine animal infor· 
mation at animal exhibits throughout the park. 

• Mainlains and enfol'ces the 5ilfety of the parle guests 
and marine animal" at exhibits throughout the park. 

Preferred SJWJ. _d EdUc:.aOllI 
• Good public speaker: comfortable in front of large 

groups. 

• Previous work or volwlteer experience in camps, JllU-
seunu, cluarooms or other informal educational set-
tings preferred. . 

• MUlt be at least 18 yean of age, have a high school 
diploma and/or equivalent, and pass a pre-employ-
ment written test and microphone a.uessment. 

• Must have a valid Califonti;l driver's license and 12 or 
more units of college credits are preferred .. 
V'uiI"," w .... Jw • .",;w~Ii •• rtf,.."...... 

Apply In penon: Sea World Employment Center 
500 Sea World Drive, San Diego, CA 92109 

Houn of Ope_Ion: Monday-Friday 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. 
Office: (619) lZ6-J842 web site: SfItIWOrldjobJ.com 

We Believe Ia You. 
s.. ItWJ is ... EtwJ 0/IIJriai9 ~ 

MOI'«>AY, MAY 15, 2006 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR-
Classroom Flag 

Desecration Lacks Value 
Dar Editor: 

On April 10. professor Richard 
Biernacki brought an Amerkan flag 
to his Sociology 20 class and des· 
ecnted II in an attempt to prove to his 
students that people bold profound 
attachments to tymbols. Biernacki 
cut the flag up with a knife and then 
smeared the Oag with mud. Sadly. 
these actions were an improvement 
from last year. when he disgustingly 
used dog excrement in place of mud 

Looking back to when I started 
class this year, I naively believed in 
the good in people and so did not 
fear a recurrence of this demonstra-
tion. After the discussion brought 
on by Biernacki's demonstration last 
year, in which many of his students. 
often nearly silenced by tears, told 
Biernacki how much his experiment 
had burt them. I could not believe 
Biernacki would have the heartless-
ness to cause a new batch of students 
such anguish. My beliefin Biernacki's 
natural goodness was callously dis-
proved. 

Stunningly, Biernacki had the 
nerve to say repeatedly that he did 
not intend to hurt people, and he 
was simply trying to prove a point. 
These are contradictory statements. 
If he destroyed the flag and no one 
felt pain, his point would remain 
unproven. If no one were offended 
or hurt by Biernacki's demonstntion, 
then the entire demonstration would 
be pointless. Biernacki's intention, 
whether he likes to admit it or not. is 
to inflict pain on his students. 

I stood up in class and told 
Biernacki to stop because I thought 
there was a way to make the point 
in a less offensive way. I was greeted 
with major opposition from the class. 
Since the majopty of the class did 
not feel as I did, if Biernacki truly 
had the intention of proving a point 
about symbolism: he should have 
come up with a symbol to desecnte 
that would elicit a negative reaction 
from everyone. 

During the discussion foVow-
ing Biernacki's demonstration this 
year, one woman stated that she felt 
his actions 'were useful in that they 

proved the values for which the fllll 
stands. Her point was that BIernacki. 
as an American, is free to do whatever 
he wishes to the flag. What she forgot 
to mention is vitally important. The 
rights we hold as Americans come 
with the responsibility to WIe them 
wisely. As has been quoted many 
times. ·Just becaWie you can does not 
mean you shoulct." Biernacki has the 
right to do whatever he wants to the 
flag, but that does not make whatever 
lie does to the flag right. Similarly. 
Biernacki can cause his students pain 
and' suffering. but does that mean 
that he should? 

Though Biernacki stated that it was 
hard for him to do this demonstration, 
he does not have the attachment to the 
filii that he was supposedly attempting 
to portray If he had that attachment, 
the kind that comes from spending 
sleepless nights worrying about a little 
brother fighting half a world away, or 
from opening the door to your house 
and hearing the dreaded words. "Your 
son died for bis country." he would not 
have been able to desecrate the fllll. 
I have two people that I love in the 
military right now. and what Biernacki 
did felt like a sudrer punch to the gut 
forme. . 

Biernacki has bis own lesson to 
learn. He needs to learn compas-
sion and empathy, and to be mature 
enough to take other people's feel-
ings into consideration when he acts. 
Hopefully, this letter will be more 
effective at teaching than he is. 

- Dwelle Adam 
Thurgood Marshall CoUtge Junior 

The UCSD GtItInIitm 
Opinioo Editor 

9500 Gilawa Dr. OJI6 
La JoDa. CA 92093-0316 

Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guorcion week of MAY 15 TO 22 
7 

MON MAY 15 
IIClUTIOIl 

AIIdNw FoIhIe performs at Roma 
Nights, Espresso Roma In the PrIce 
Center, 8-9pm. 
UCSD will celebrate the estab-
lishment of an endowed Taiwan 
Stud_ Lecture SerIes during a cer-
emony featuring performances by 
noted Taiwanese Americans, vocal-
ist Hsun Hsun Hsu and pianist Dr. 
Julie Wong. The event is free and · 
open to the public. Price Center 
7:1S-9:00pm 

LICTUR. 
Dntd BaltIMOre, who has been 
the president of California Institute 
of Technology since 1997, is one of 
the world's most Influential biolo-
gists. Awarded the Nobel Prize at 
the age of 37 for research In virol· 
ogy. Baltimore has profoundly influ· 
enced national science policy on 
such Issues as recombinant DNA 
research and the AIDS epidem-
ic. Before coming to Caltech, Dr. 
Baltimore was an Institute Professor 
at the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology. He was founding direc-
tor of the Whitehead Institute for 
Biomedical Research at MIT, and 
served from the institute's creation 
in 1982 to 1990, when he became 
president of Rockefeller University. 
Garren Auditorium, 4-Spm 

TUES MAY 16 

THE~GUARDIAN 
cQlendQr@~u ........ cs~d _____ _ 

un 
Screening of the Internationally 
acclilmed Spanish film .,... .., 
&yeI,. 7 and lOpm In the Price 
CtnterThtater, $3. 
..... AN You Froml: Immigrant 
identity and experience. Presented 
by Cross-Cultural Center, San Diego 
Asian Aim Festival. Cross Cultural 
Center, 5:30pm 

WED MAY 17 
UCRUTION 

The Interfraternity Council and the 
Panhellenic Association, the gov-
erning councils of the general fra-
ternities and sororities, are hosting 
a bake-off to raise money for the 
Cure AutIsm Now philanthropy. The 
event will feature a watermelon eat-
Ing contest, pie eating contest. and 
Dunk-A-Greek dunk tank. Contest 
admission is open to the students, 
faculty, and staff and costs $5.00. 
Dunk-A-Greek is $2.oo/throw or 3 
throws for $5.00. All money raised 
will be donated to the philanthropy. 
Library Walk 10:30-3pm 

THURS MAY 18 
LlCTUIl 

UCSD Centerforthe Humanities "The 
City- series presents Prof. Suzanne 
Cahill, UCSD History Department. 
who will talk about globalization and 
Chang'an (modern Xi'an), the capital 
ofTang (618-90n China. 7:30pm in 
Pepper Canyon HaU, Room 106. Free 

MONDAY,MAVl',2006 

and open to the public. 

FRI MAY 19 
See Featured Box 

WEEKLY 
.CADIMIC 

Internatlon.1 Caf6 The 
Intematlonal Center Invites you to 
attend the International Cafe on 
every Friday of the academic year 
(except for during Finals Week), Join 
us for a delicious home· cooked 
meal and the company of students 
and scholars from around the world 
all for $4.00. lunch will be served 
from noon until 1 :30pm on a first 
come, first served basis. If you have 
any questions, please emailLayla at 
laylaiC@yahoo.com 

HULTH 

STUDENTHEALTH IsopentoALLreg· 
istered students, regardless of health 
insurance statusl Appointments can 
be scheduled onilne at http://stu-
denthealth.ucsd.edu or call 534-
8089. Same-day appointment for 
urgent needs; walk·in Urgent Care 
If you need Immediate care (some 
access fees apply). Hours: weekdays 
Bam-4:30pm (Weds. 9-4:30pm). 

RELIGIOUS 

experience Church Dlff.ently-
Services Sundays 11 am in the 
International Center. www.Experien 
ceChurchDlfferentiy.com 

FEATURED 

ArtPower presents 

The St. Lawrence String 
Quartet 

The st. Lawrence String Quartet has established 
itself among the world-class chamber ensembles of 
its generation. The group continues to build on its 
reputation for brilliant, imaginative, spontaneous 
music making. 

FRI. MAY 19 
8pm, Neurosciences Institute 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to www.ucsdguardian.org and link to "Calendar" 
Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

Volunteers Needed lor 
Sleep Studies ' \~ c ' 
Volunteers are needed for Studies being conducted at the 

Veterens Affairs Medical Center in La Jolla 
The research studies consist of several appointmente that 

may include: 
~ Medical and psychological screening appointment 

~ Napping studies 
~ Pouibla Bleep or sleep deprivation studies 
¢ Functional Magnetic Resonanca Imaging [FMRIJ scans 

Subiact& needed batwaen the ages of 18-39 
If you ara in good haalth and have no sleep problems, 

you may qualify 
.... mllll ...... .. 

.................. _ ..... 11111 .... ... 

1rr (8581 642-3965 or (858) 642-3219 

• Servers 
• Bartenders 
• Meecers & Greeters 
• Dishers 

Do you love working with people? 
Do you love Fun, Food & 

Entertainment? HEPCat has 
tons of pOSitions (on-campus and 

off campu ) [or: 
• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

We provide training and adva ncem ent in the Hospitality Industry! 
Daily Be Weekly Payl Flexib le Wo rk chedules! 

Group interview I Open House take piace o n: Mo ndays thru 
Thursdays at 1 :30 pm& 4:30 pm SHARP! Se Habla Espanol! 

Apply Today, Start Tomo rrow! 814 Mo rena Boulevard, 
uite 21O-San Diego, call (888}472-1829!! www.HEPCat.jobs 



Head. Neck Be 
Spine Center of SD 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive. Ste. B212. La Jolla, CA 92037 
858-558-3111 Fax 1J58.&58-3841 

www.laJolladc.com 

READ 
UCSD 

online! 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

. MU$ical Equipment Faltered 
During Sidestage Performance 

JIISON CAMPIVGI)ARDIAN 
Hip-hop pioneer Talib Kweli drew many concert attendees. An exodus of students , however. 
exited the concert before headlining band My Chemical Romarlce's performance. 
• CONCERT, from page 1 
tion over problems with Talib Kweli's 
set. 

"' was very disappointed that Talib 
was not on the main stage and had to 
deal with such horrible sound equip-
ment; de Ayora said. 

The concert went very smoothly. 
Lam said. alt hough she admitted that 
there were problems with Kweli's set. 
Fireworks were set off immediately 
after his act, preceding My Chemical 
Romance. Many concert goers chose to 
leave before the headlining act 

"' don't like My Chemical Romance 

and [ think programming could have 
done a better job picking a headliner 
who doesn't just appeal to a very spe-
cific group," Earl Warren College fresh -
man Yesenia Padilla said. <01 think that's 
why a lot of people left [after KwelW 

Most students were just happy to be 
there with friends and socializing. 

·Personally, I had a pretty good 
time at the concert, granted 1 was 
hammered off my ass," Marshall senior 
Billy Ikosipentarhos said. 

Readers can contact ladyn Snow at 
jrsnow@ucsd.edu. 

Learn. about a new way to 

MONDAY, MAY 15, 2006 

Both Rapes 
Occurred Close 

to Campus 
~ RAPES, from page 1 

Both crimes occurred in the 
early morning hours, police said, 
when the suspect forced his way 
into the victims' homes through 
unlocked windows. 

The first sexual assault occurred 
at an apartment complex on Cargill 
Avenue on June 13, 2005 according 
to UCSD Sgt. Tom Morris. The sec-
ond rape was also close to campus. 
and occurred on Chamlant Drive 
on March 6 of this year. Police 
declined to release any more infor-
mation on the suspect or incidents. 
Both locations were within a mile 
of Regents Road. which connects 
directly with the UCSD campus. 

In total, there were II rapes in 
the University City and La Jolla 
area last year, according to local 
police department statistics. 

Readers can Charles Nguyen at 
charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Con"..tulatioM 

Heather 
Welles 

Editor in Chief-Elect 
2006-07 

Student Securities PAY for college 
S«urlng your futur • • 

www.u(sdgllordian.org www.studentsecurities.com 

9 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

CJtristiN PIU 
jeatures@ucsdguardian.org 

By MameUe Federis 
A SSOC IATE FOCUS EDITOR 

n 2000, months before 
graduation at UCSD, 
Amy was just as anx-
ious as any other col-
lege senior. The excite-
ment of fmally earning 

a diploma was overshadowed 
by uncertainty. Unlike her 
classmates who were busily 
preparing for professional 
jobs after graduation, Amy 
knew that she could not do 
the same. 

It was 1982 when Amy's entire family left 
Taiwan (or the United States on tourist visas -
with no intention of ever going back. Amy, who 
like the other students mentioned in this article 
asked to only be identified by their first names, 
was only three at the time. She and her siblings 
eventually entered the California public school 
system, even received a bachelor's degree, but 
today, she remains without legal status in the 
United States. According to Amy. her expe-
rience as an undocumented college student 
reAects the contradictions of U.S. immigration 
policies. 

"In this country, there's a law that immi-
grants can go to public school, and if you go 
to public school you're raised as American," 
she said. "But if you want to be productive in 
American SOCiety, you're not allowed to do so 
because of your status. If you want to work and 
make things better, why aren't you allowed to?" 

As the debate on immigration continues 
to ring throughout the country, tens of thou-
sands of undocumented students who are in 
the same situation that Amy was in six years 
ago, are closely watching Congress' next step. 
They are not just keeping an eye on what 
happens to H.R. 4437, a House bill passed in 
December that would make being an undocu-
mented immigrant a felony and build up the 
U.S.-Mexican border, but also the less stringent 
immigration bill pending in the Senate. 

That bill, set aside before the Senate broke 
for a recess this past spring, would create 
a legalization path for undocumented immi-
grants. Attached to it is the Development, 
Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act. 
The D.R.E.A.M. Act was first introduced to the 
House in 2001 and has slowly gained more sup-
port throughout the years. 

The D.R.E.A.M. Act would apply to those 
who came to the United States at 15 years or 
younger. As long as a student can prove good 
moral standing and completion of high school 
and acceptance to college, the D.RE.A.M. Act 
would provide a conditional permanent resi-
dent status to those who qualify. After a six-year 

'fHE.,GuARDIAN 

·FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

MONDAY, MAY 15, 2006 

period, the conditional status would be lifted 
upon graduation from vocational school or a 
two-year college, completition of at least two 
years toward a bachelor's degree or higher, or 
two years of service in the military. 

"The D. R.E.A.M. Act does not offer amnesty, 
nor is it an entitlement," Sen. Dianne Feinstein 
(D-Calif.), a supporter of the bill, stated. "I 
believe we should give these talented students a 
chance to succeed." 

The D.R.E.A.M. Act would also repeal a 
law that prohibits states from prOviding higher 
education benefits to undocumented immi-
grants unless the same benefits are given to 
U.S. citizens. For some states, the provision 
discouraged allowing undocumented students 
to pay resident tuition rates for their public 
universities. Meanwhile, these students do not 
qualify for state and federal financial aid, while 

most loans require a Social Security number or 
a CO-Signer who is of legal status. 

In 2002, a law called A.B. 540 went into 
effect in California which allowed for in-state 
tuition for anyone who has spent at least three 
years in high school within the state, graduated 
from high school or received a CED, or signed 
an affidavit stating that they're pursuing lawful 
status. According to the Unive.rsity of California 
Office of the President spokesperson Ricardo 
Vasquez, most students who utilize A.B. 540 
are U.S. citizens, but about 524 students with 
undocumented status have been able to qualify 
since the law's inception. 

According to Director of Legal Services 
Anthony Valladolid, prior to A.B. 540, prospec-
tive UCSD students faced enormous economic 
hardships in trying to fund their education. He 
recalled families who were willing to work long 

• 

GO FIGURE 

~ Approximate number of people 
who attended this year's Sun God 

festival concert, according 
to A.S. Programming 

• • 
ndocumented 

students 
wait passage 

legislation 
that would 

th 

CHARLES ELLIS/GUARDIAN 

hours or to incur heavy debt 011 credit cards just 
to allow their students to attend the university. 

"Post A.B. 540, it has definitely taken some 
financial burden off students;' he said. "Most 
students still end up working full -time, since 
they are still ineligible to access. grants and 
financial aid" 

UC Davis student RJ., who came from the 
Philippines in [990 as a child and is cur-
rently undocumented, said that he feels 
lucky to be in California where in-state 
tuition is an option. 

"I'm also lucky that my parents are 
capable of funding my education," he 
said. "It's just really draining on me 
emotionally ... knowing that if one 
day my parents just decided to stop 

l D.l_E_A_M., page 12J 

NEW ORGANIZATION BRINGS HOMELAND SECURITY CLOSER TO HOME 
By Molly Crystal 

CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

W hat John Muir College junior April Deibert had in mind when she began 
pushing for the creation of a new 
student organization was very differ-
ent from what has grown from her 
efforts. Her original idea was to cre-
ate a community service organization 
that would allow students to Intern 
with local politicians, but when her 
e-mails to local officials were met 
with negative responses, Deibert had 
to change plans. 

The S.O.L.O. organization called 
The Intern: Homeland Security 
sprung from Deibert's interest in 

promoting student involvement in 
issues related to national security. It 
is a nonpartisan, preprofessional club 
that provides information and hands-
on experience for students who are 
interested in homeland security. 
With the help of two other students, 
the organization began this year and 
is now over 6O-members strong. 

"This project seeks to showcase 
the talents of UCSD undergraduates 
who wish to go on to work in govern-
ment, public service, social science 
... or any other related field,~ Delbert 
stated in an e-mail "Although we are 
very new, we have been attempting 
to provide networking opportunities, 
guest spealc.ers, job opportunities, 
and the most important of all. a well-

rounded view of each issue." 
De.ibert, who is chairman of the 

organization, and the founders of the 
club pushed its development in the 
hopes that it would become a sort of 
training ground for students who are 
interested in going into any aspect of 
foreign affairs. After finding statis-
tics indicating that nearly half of the 
current members of agencies under 
the u.s. Department of Homeland 
Security will retire within the next 
five years, they became concerned for 
the next generation's ability to protect 
the country from future disasters and 
attacks. 

"If you look at where [current offi-
cials J are at and how they got there, 
there's a huge ga~;' Vice President 

Matt Ramirez saia. "There's no real 
set curriculum for getting into these 
organizations, and it's not as easy as 
one, two, three." 

The organization hopes to give 
students exposure to the issues 
that these agencies deal with, 
and to let them know about 
the plethora of opportu-
nities available to peo-
ple with interests in 
national security, no 
matter their background. 

"People tend to think that there's 
just the FBI and the CIA," Deibert 
..aid. "But really, there are trillions of 
organizations dealing with homeland 
security, and so many opportunities 
for everyone. If you want to use your 

JENNIfER HSU/GUAROIAN 

microbiology degree, you can work 
with bioterrorism. There's medical 
work involved. You could basica1ly do 
anything that you want" 

One of the organization's biggest 
goals is to foster discussion of current 

[SECURITY, p.~ 12] 



10 FOCUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 15, 2006 

NINETEENTH ANNUAL 
U C S D UN DERGRAD ·UATE 
RESEARCH CONFERENCE 

Welcome to the Nineteenth 
Annual UCSD Undergradu· 
ate Research Conference. 

The purpose of the conference is to rec-
ognize the outstanding scholarly work 
produced by our undergraduates and 10 
stimulate additional research interactions 
between students and faculty. The research 
and conferen e !'lIperiences are also likely 
to encourage more undergraduates to pur-
sue jUaduate and professional degrees and 
caree rs in research and college teaching. 

A total of t34 students WIll be presenting 
papers at tlw conf.,ence this year. AU par-
tiCIpants have been nominated by mem-
bers of the fa ulty who have judged their 
work to be outstandmg. Each student will 
be awarded a certificate honoring him Or 
her a a research scholar. 

The conference is organized into 19 small 
roundtables. At each roundtable. five to 
eIght students will present tHeir papers 
wIth one or more faculty members serv-
ing as moderators. Each student has 15 
minutes to discuss his or her paper and 
5 mmutes 10 answer questions. After aU 
p,esentations are completed, there wi ll be 
addillonal lime for group discussion. Stu-
dents will present their papers at eIther a 
morning or afternoon roundtable. During 
the session when they are not presenting. 
students will attend roundtables of their 
choree as members of the audience. 

This conference was made pOSSIble by gen-
erous support from the Vice Chancellor of 
Student Afrairs joseph Watson, and lhe 
$<onior VICe Chancellor of Academic Af-
fai's Marsha Chandler. The annual UCSD 
Undergraduate Research Conference is 
planned and coordinated by Academic 
Enrichment Programs. which is a unit of 
Student Educational Advancement. 

Schedule 
8:1 5 REGtSTRATtON & CONTINENTAL 
BREAKFAST 

Fa ulty Club Lobby and Courtyard 
8 :45 OPENING REMARKS 

Faculty Club Dining Room 
Speaker: 

Dr. Marye Anne Fox. Chancellor 
9 :00 MORNING ROUNDTABLES CON-
VE NE 

Faculty Club Conference Room 
12 :00 LUNCH BREAK 
1:00 AFTERNOON ROUNDTABLES 
CONVENE 

Faculty Club Conference Rooms 
3:45 AWARDS CEREMONY 

Faculty Club Dining Room 

Morning Roundtables 

1: ISSUES IN ENVIRONMENTAL & 
GEOSciENCE 

Conferenc~ Room I 
2: TOPICS IN LITERATURE 

Conference Room 2 
3: PoLITICS. GoVERNMENT AND 
HEALTH CARf 

Conference Room 3 
4: PSYCHOLOGY PERSPECTIVES 

Conference Room " 
5: ENGINEERING AND MATHEMATICS 

Conference Room 5 
6: TOPICS IN ANl'tfROPOlOGY AND 
HISTORY 

Conference Room 6 
7: CURRENT ISSUES IN SociOLOGY 
AND EDUCATION 

Lounge 
8: TOPICS IN MEDICAL RESEARCH 

DlnI"Il Room 
9 : ADVANCES IN BIOLOGY I 

Euc:aIyptu.1Ioom 
10: INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 

Nmh ConCemIce Room 

1 Issues in Environmen· 
tal & GeoScience 

CONFERENCE ROOM 1 
Presider: Professor Martin Wahlen, SIO 
Rebecca L Johnson (Nomlnlted by 
Professor Lisa Levin) 
"Plant Associated Nitrogen Fixation in Re-
stored and NrlIllral Marsh Systems." Col-
lege: Roosevelt: Major: Environmental 
ystems 

Fablola A Hatley (Nominated by Profes-
sor Jeanne Ferrante) 
"Chemical Analysis of the San Diego River 
through an Environmental Monitoring Ser-
vice Learning Project through the Teams in 
Engineering Serviee Program at the Jacobs 
School of Engirreering" College: Thurgood 
Marshall; Major: Chemical Engineering 
Eli SUzuki (Nominated by Professor 
David woodruff) 
"Investigation on tlu EJfocts of Age and 
Group Size on tloe Bubbling Production 
with CAlis among Captive Killer Whales 
(Orcinus orca) at Sell World" College: 
Muir; Major: General Biology 
Emerald Claire Butlto (Nominated by 
Professor Julian 5chroede~ 
"Long Distance Heavy Metal Transport in 
Plants" College: Warren; Major: General 
Biology 

- TEN MI UTEBREAK-

Rene Omar sanchez (NomInated by 
Professor Prather) 
"Operating System Development For An 
Aircraft-Aerosol Time-of Flight Mlill Spee-
trometer (A-ATOFMSr CoUege: Warren; 
Major: Mechanical Engineering 
jessica Grace Chamer (NomInated by 
Professor prather) 
"The Size Dependant Incorporation of 
Chemical Species into Salt Particles pro-
duced by Bubble Bursting·CoUege: Revelle; 
Major: Chemistry 
joseph John Annao (Nominated by 
Professor jeffrey Bada) 
"Determination of the Rates of Hydrolysis of 
Adenine Derivatives" College: Revelle; Ma-
jor: Biochemistry and Chemistry 

2 Topics in literature 
CONFERENCE ROOM 2 

Presider: Professor Kathryn Shevelow, Lit-
erature 

Lindsay Morgan lockhart !Nominated 
by Professor sarah Shun-lien Bynum) 
"Cedar Mask Dances: A Novel of the Pacific 
Northwest" College: Muir; Major: Litera-
ture and Wriling 

felipe Alejandro Martinez (Nominated 
by Professor Donald Wesllng) 
"In the Realm of Idlerress" College: Warren; 
Major: Literature and Writing 
Leonor Rodriguez McCrory (Nominated 
by Professor Donald Wesllng) 
"[)ecoding Fredric lamesoni "Political Un-
conscious'· College: Thurgood Marshall: 
Major: Literature and English 
Josen Gayle Diu (Nominated by Pro-
fessor Nicole Tonkovtch) 
"Building Castles in the Air: An Examirl(j-
tion of the Utopian Ideal in LOllisa May 
Akott's 1\ Modern Cinderelln' and 'Tran-
scendental Wild Oats' College: War ren: 
Major: Literature and English 

- TEN MINUTE BREAK-

Kristen Elise Wong (Nominated by 
Professor Donald Wesllng) 
'/he 'Unholy Flame: Colleeting as a Con -
cern in Late 19th and Early 20th Century 
Fiction" College: Muir; Major: Literature 
and English 
Benjamin Nodln Chapin (NomInated by 
Professor Nicole Tonkovich) 
"Transcribing and Preserving NrlIive Amer-
ican Origin Tales" College: Thurgood Mar-
shall ; Major: Political Science 
Lillian M Nedwlck (Nomlnlted by 
Professor Kathryn Shevelow) 
"Magic Realism and tile Gothic,' College: 
Roosevelt; Major: Literature and English 

MAY 20, 2006 

3 Politics, Government 
and Health Care 

CONFERENCE ROOM 3 
Presider: Professor Philip Roeder, Political 
Science 

Xenia Feere (Nominated by Professor 
Mellsn Famullrl) 
"Effect of Federal Government Programs 
on Hospitals' Costs to Treat Undocllme nted 
Aliens· College: Warren; Major: Econom-
ics 

Group P!esentatlon: "Measuring Gu-
bemltorial Power" 
Allison Margaret Henderson ( ominated 
by Professor Thad Kousser) College: Rev-
elle; Major: International Studies-PoUlical 
Science 
Elohim Demian HernandezCamacho 
(NOminated by Professor Thad KOtlSser) 
College: Warren; Major: PoUtical Science 
Mlchlel Calvin Plouffe (Nominated by 
Professor J. lawrence Broz) 
''The Political Economy of Election Dates 
and Exchange Rate Adjustments" College: 
Eleanor Roosevelt: Major: International 
Studies-Econ 

- TEN MINUTE BREAK-

Melodle Chlka OgaWI (Nominated by 
Professor Kia .. Strom) 
"Interparty EleetoralCooperation in Mixed-
Member Electoral Systems" College: Thur-
good Marshall; Major: Political Science 
Andrew Vente .. (Nominated by Profes-
sor Mlchlel Parrish) 
"The Grrat White Hype: Milk and tile Con-
stitution- How Supreme Court Decisions 
on Milk Reshaped American Law." College: 
Thurgood Marshall; Major: Hiltory 
Caroline Elizabeth Matthew (NomInated 
by Professor Marti Chartes) 
"Entering tile Feminine Domain: Male 
Nurses' Negotiation of Gender and Occu-
pational Stereotypes" College: Thurgood 
Marshall; Major: Sociology 

4 Psychology Perspec· 
tives 

CONFERENCE ROOM 4 
Presider: Professor Edmund f-anUno, Psy-
chology 

Group P!esentltion:- Eyewitness Iden-
tlRcatlon: A Comparison of Tradltlonll 
Simultaneous Lineups to Double-Blind 
SequendalUneups· 
Joseph Francisco Hicken (Nominated by 
Professor Ebbe Ebbesen.) CoUege: Muir; 
Major: PoUtical Science I Psychology 
Jeffery Osborne (Nominated by Professor 
Ebbe Ebbesen, ) College: Muir; Major: 
Psychology 

Ka .. n Mimi Tang (NomInated by Pro-
fessor Edmund Fantlno) 
"The EJfocts of Types of Instruction on 
Transfer to New Learning Situations." 
College: : Major: Psychology 
Robin laura Kaplin (Nomlnlted by 
Professor Christine Hams .. HII 
Pashler) 
"Semantic Analysis of the Visual Periphery: 
Saccading to Danger" College: Thurgood 
Marshall; Major: Psychology 

-TEN MINUTE BREAK-

Reina Remlglo (Nominated by Profes-
sor Edmund Fantlno) 
"The Prisoner's Dilemma Game in Pigeons' 
College: Warren; Major: Psychology 
Miguel Pinedo Banuelos (Nominated 
by Professor Edmund Flntlno) 
"7I,e Effects of Economic Context on Shar-
ing Behavior." College: Thurgood Marshall; 
Major: Psychology 
Louise HUI Ly (Nomlnlted by Profes-
sor Maril Chaltes) 
"Can II.n", Helpr Examining Cyber Spheres 
of Pro-Anti' CoUege: Warren: Major: Soci-
ology 

5 Engineering and Math· 
emadcs 

CONFERENCE ROOM 5 
Presiders: Profe5SOr Peter Krys~ Structural 
Engineering. Professor Jeffrey Rahill, Math-
ematics 

William John Gamer (NomInated by 
Professor Guershon HareO 
"Application of DNR in Matloernatics and 
Various instructional Settings" College: 
Muir; Major: AppUed Math 
Slyln Wang (NomInated by Professor 
VItali F. Ne5terenko) 
"Strongly Nonlinear Waves in Discrete Two 
Mass Granuklr Systems" College: Revelle; 
Major: EAP Rec Ex 
Kltherine wapchal (Nominated by 
Professor Flrhat Beg) 
'i\ Compact X-Pinch Based X-Ray SOIl"e 
for Characterization of inertial Confine-
ment Fusion Capsules" College: Warren; 
Major: Aerospace Engineering 

-TEN MINUTE BREAK-

Eric Shlnkal Yin (Nominated by Profes-
sor Rlndolph Bank) 
"Multilevel Iterative Methods" College: 
Revelle; Major: Applied Math 
Robert Daniel valtierra (Nomlnlted by 
Professor Vlstasp M. Karbharl) 
"Enhancing the Performance ofStul Beams 
With Composite Carbon Fiber/Polymer 
Shuts· College: Warren: Major: Structural 
Engineering 

Kevin Jung (Nominated by Professor 
jelnne Ferrante) 
"UCSD Digital Nursing: Next Generation 
Healthcare (Tea ms in Engineering Servia: 
Program, /Dcob School of EnginM'ing)· 
College: Warren; Major: Computer Sci-
ence and Engineering 

6 Topics In Anthropol· 
ogy and History 

CONFERENCE ROOM 6 
Presidu: Professor Michael Panish , His-
tory 

Group Presentation: "Unraveling the 
Unknown Story" 
Stacy Chinru Jer (Nominated by Professor 
Joseph W, Esherick) College: Warren; Ma-
jor: Chinese Studies 
Tony Wan (Nominated by Professor Jo-
seph W. Esher ick) College: Muir; Major: 
History 

Paul KoSI Nikolai Tchir (NomInated by 
Professor Hasan Kayall) 
'1\ Civilization Red1i"ed: The Middle East 
from 1800 to 1914"College: Eleanor Roos-
evelt; Major: Economics and Management 
Science 

-TEN MINUTE BREAK-

Hassan Aezakhlnl (Nominated by 
Professor TholTlls E. levy) 
"Taphonomic Studies of Animal Bones on 
Tell Sites: Implications for Near Easte rn 
Arr:haeology" College: Thurgood Marshall; 
Major: Anthropology and Archaeology 
Alicia Aileen Cunningham-Bryant (Nom-
Inated by Professor Thomas E_ levy) 
"The Persistence of Cultural lden/ity Despite 
Conquest as Evidenced in rhe Column Cap-
itals of Petra" College: Eleanor Roosevelt; 
Major: Anthropology and Archaeology 

7 Current Issues in Socl" 
ology and Education 

LOUNGE 
Presider: Profes!iOr Gail Hey man, Psychol-
ogy 

AnJlnette UrdlnlYil (Nomlnlted by 
Professor Bud Mehln) 
"Reeu/turi"ga Distressed School: A Strattgy 
fur Educatimull Rmewor College: Thur-
good Marshall: Major: Political Science 
Kite Storrnost pson (NomInated by 
Professor IIIIC Martin) 
'i\ Mi(ro-Level Study of Living Wages: The 
Effects of Hourly Wage on UCSD Service 
Workers' Well-Being" College: Muir; Ma-
jor: Sociology 
ElIza Said (tIomlnltad by PIOfHsor 
DIp vasquez) 

"Prosp«t of MulticulturAl Education in a 
Global Society" College: Muir; Major: EAP 
Rec_Ex. 

-TEN MINUTE BREAK-

Yanul PaltlJlln (NomInated by Profes-
sor GIll HeyInan) 
'i\n Analysis of of the Development of Self-
Presentation in Children' College: Warren; 
Major: Psychology 
Aebeca Elizabeth Saucedo (NomInated 
by Professor Gill Heyman) 
"Exploring Language and Thought Relntions 
among Spanish-Engli h Biling"al Children" 
College: Warren; Major: Psychology 
Maid Matsumura (NomInated by Pro-
fessor IsI.C Martin) 
"The Economic Effects of a Living Wage 
Ordinance: A Comparative Analysis of 
Pittsburgh and Cleveklnd" College: Muir; 
Major: Sociology 

8 Topics In Medical Re· 
seaKh 

DINING ROOM 
Presider: Profes5Cr Nigel Calculi. Pathology 
Brenda Rio Tones (Nominated by 
Professor Nigel Calcutt) 
"Neurotoxicity of Dichloroacetate" College: 
Eleanor Roosevelt; Major: Microbiology 
Martelli Angelini EvIns (NomInated 
by Professor lleltrtce Golomb, MD. 
PhD) 
"Do Cholesterol Drugs cause Birth Defuts 
and Embryo Loss? A ConJrolled Trial in 
Zebrcgi.th" College: Muir; Major: Animal 
Physiology 

Dominic DI Tornasso (Nominated by 
Professor Matthew Allison) 
"Renal Artery Calcium: Relationship to 
Systemic Calcified Athero5Clerosis" College: 
Warren; Major: Bioengineering 
jennifer LInnea Smith (Nominated by 
Professor Nigel Calcutt) 
"Tau Protein as a Link Betwetn Alzheimer's 
DiSfUlSe and DialNtes" College: Revelle; 
Major: Human Biology 

- TEN MINUTE BREAK-

larry Michael Arias (NomInated by 
Professor Virgil L Woods) 
"The Search for New Antibiotics: Analyzing 
tile tructural Dynamics of M.t-RS· Col-
lege: Thurgood Marshall; Major: Biology 
and Cell Biology 
V1dhl H Doshi (Nominated by Professor 
Alan Hargens) 
impact of Head Contact Sports on Intra-
cranial Pressure" College: 1burgood Mar-
shall; Major: Bioengineering and Biology 
Veronica leonor Lopez (Nomlnlted by 
Professor Nigel Calcutt) 
"Effects of Diet-provided Antioxidants on 
Unmyelinated and Myt!linated Fibers" Col-
lege: Warren; Major: General Biology 
Roman GrelOrto Fajardo (Nomlnlted by 
Professor Pamela sample. catherine 
Boden) 
ilnalyzing Differences in Psyc/wphysi-
cal Tests of Function bt!tween Blacks and 
Whites in Diffortnt Diagnostic CAtegories" 
College: ReveUe; Major: Biology. Cell Biol-
ogy and Psychology 

9 Advances in Biology I 
EUCAl YPTUS ROOM 

Presider: Professor James Nieh. Biology 
Bel Bel Wu (NomInated by Professor 
Ananda GoIdrath) 
"The Rik of E-proleins in the Immu,", Re-
sponse: Formation of Ejfocto, and Memory 
T-cells" College: Muir; Major: Biology and 
Cell Biology 
Jesse Rodrll\lez (Nominated by Profes-
sor Juilln SChroeder) 
"Bioinformatics and Micro Array Analysis 
of Hormoroe Responses in ItI'abiopsis" Col-
lege: Muir; Major: Computer Science and 
Bioinformatics 

MlrIto Hayashi (NomInated by ProI'es-
sor lInl wan., 
"Sillp Ceu AlI4lysls of Drosophila Olf«-
tory l~s in flit! Ant.,,,141 WIle· 

CcAp ...... 1tIIjar: lAP" Ba 
'-TDI MDIUTB ...... 

......,_.1 I ... .., ....... ._..., 
"8 .. .......,. 0f'WIIu tf ... ......, P/a-
".,. Collie: 'IIItIIpocI w.nw: Ma· 
;x: .... ...., 

.- DIItII4 __ ~ III! OIu, .. illd 
."......., - SIIaI) 
'PwrIfIiII .... p' .. lWIIIwic ..... -
".,...ar-............. CoIep: 
...... MIjor: ...... ....., 
_ .... 011 ....... .., ........ 
--1IIatt . 
....... if A-* AM s.qon.n" 
CoIIIp: .... ...., MuIecuIIr BioI-
OSY 
...., ......... 11 •• .., 
............ c. ..... 
-n. /rMIIW HIIr-. .-.... ..... 
".... S- ....... ,...., I{-
Jici-q." CoIIep: .,... MIjor. Itunn 
..., 

HoaTH COItfEItENCE ROOM 
PraItiIIr. PrfII- a.r;,,;. IIwttI/IItIl. 
IIi6ItIr7 
AIIII ......... 'I I • .., 
..... , ..... ..., 
........ .,., ..... ifllwW .. ".. 
bwIiIatIIMr" CalIF 1IIuqaocI ....... 
MIjor: cntIcaI o.ndIr ..... 
................. 01 I ... ." 
....... -- .... ~ MIl CitIII vw.- .. A/rfaI' 
CoIIp: __ IooMftIt; MIj«: Politi-
cal Sc:iIDt» 

.......... '" 11'1.'" 

............... 
~ for • 1'rIIiIiaII f/JIjaJm: 1IIbIIItI· 
MMIIw "..,.,,1iIIMIiry .. dw 1ft 
ZMIIIIM s..,;.d CclIIIp 1INrJood 

~ ..... : PbiIoeapIIr .... I'oIIIkIII 
Science 
................. I •• .., 
............... A. ...... 

~ ........ h,' .. , .. ,.,.. 
VIICMM" CaIIp: ........ MInW; 
MIjor: FoIIIiaII SciIIII:e 

-11IN MIN\TI'B IIIWC-
..., .......... ., 2 • ., 

........ -- ..... 
-v._tt"'PSjlll _ ... ~ 
s- ., RIIIwtr III DueG .'f sf ,-
CoIIIp: -- • ...,it; IoIJfar: ........ 
............. PaIIcIISc:ieKe 
..... _- ... , . ..,......., 
&II ... " ...... PILI.) 

""'*'".~_ ... , .N .. ".1fttIIr. 
......., • CriIB ~-.CoIIep: 
Muir; MIjor: PIIiIaIapky 
............... OIa ....... .., ... 
........... A. ........ PILDJ 

~.""o-a ItII",*","""""-
- ~ CcJIIIp: 'IIIutpcI ....... 
MIjar. FaIIIicaI SciIIII:e 
.......... 1· ........... 
.................... 
8.t." ... 
u.-Aaw CIItatt (No-.,"'''' PnIfa. 
- MIK .......... ) CoIep:'I-.,od 

MlaWl;MIjar:~"'''''' 
.... Sdence 

.. HIIaieIa (No-1 ...... ." ..... 
_liliii'i: ....... )CoIIp: ..... 
---MIjor:~ 

11 (h .... .,_ .. 
"1liiy . 

CONFEItENa ROOM 1 
,.,..."",.,., """' ............... 
............. 01 I • ., 
........... L.d.'. 
.",..,. ...... ,..".. .. "11.· " 
_ AIIIII&' kIN c.aa..: a...Ie; loti-
;or: .... 1ioIaiJ 
..... c IIIIk 01 2 • ..., ~ a ..... ' 

. CIIIIDId Po IJIIIIIII) 
rs.r ............ n.pr Jt.aiIqu 
'-- .. s.-.tf~"""· 
a...t' CoIItp: w.rna; MIfar: a-. 

'*' ./ 
.... C ~ .. _. OIDI I ••• '''' PIuIssaor...,.. .. ~ 
'2!qIcriw ..... , ..... ,... "-'-
C,-[JI}+ a....._ ~,..­
,.-CoIIep "-Ie;..., PIIIoIapIIy 

~SciIaIle 
""'111 If .......... 1I1hd 
.., ........, ... --
'lWIJoIU tI{ CoIfoi "'-' CUIp .. 
dwc-r-""".."., .1'OI-JtW/"." 
c-,IIIr • D1CM$" CGIep: WIrnn; 
MIjar: o..na...,. 

- 'J1!N WINUI'B BIII!AIC-
.... a.IIfOi. I ••• .., ......... ,...,....., 
.",..,.....,11 • Nwtl{NowI,..,.,," 
CaIlIp: RaoHNII; MIjar. .... 1IIItry 

._ n.aI OlD I .d.., ........ 
5I1It c.t.) 
"NIwL " , ... ~c..,.ta.­
CalIIp: a-Ie;....., a.....ry 
.., .......... 01 It ••• ." 
.....,lIIttMk .., 

~.,a.. ........... tfA&l· 
,....., ,..,..,., L/pIIIII' CaDete= 
Mair; IilIfar: a....try 
................... "' ...... 
... YIlIIIIIt TaIJ 

~ ..... A-.,'" IIw DIS;" 
Hrr ColIIp: WIrnn; ..... : IIIawa Ii· 
.., •• ct. ... ...., and Q 111, 

12 PerspectIves .. VI· 
..... Arb 

CONFERENa ROOM 2 
1fwI4r."",.., ",..-....",. 
.....-01 2 •• .,. , ..... 
........ 
.,.., i''''''' ,.,.""",. _ • An tI{ 
l>iIIMIw" '''' c.ar,. Prard CaIIep: 
w.n. MIjor: ArtItillDry 
All ..... c.- ..... 0-11I11III .., 
....., CiIIIl ..., 
'7..., .......... ~ ...... fIJ· 
'*- ........... ~CoIIep: 
'RurpcI MInW; MIfor. MIdia 
........................... 

... ." ...... &.11...., 
..,., 1930's GfwIIIIt* Ce"...-ry: A De· 
IlIfIIIw ModrI tI{ A-*- ."",.. Cal· 
lip: SildII; MIfar: Art HitIory'" Crill· 
c:mn 

, 

-TEN MINUTE BIU!AK-
... __ 1iIIaIIS" I •• 
.., ..... urL ..... 
,." ......,.,tI{IiIIrIIID AMINfiI:: .... 
~ CaIIIp: MtIIr: MIfor: Art HtaIlDrJ 
... CritidIm 
IIIIhII _ ... .. I 11 • ., 
..... , .... ..... 
'Z' ", eM. ~ CInIIriiI IIIjIa-
.. 4fo ~ ..... r-tI{GGnIaoI 

~ ~ MIll; MIjor: Art I'IIItary _ CrticIIIn • 

............... , 111"" 
"IIII'-~ . 
'NIIb ...... Aft • ".. ",."." 
Co!IJrtI; .... MI;or: Art ~ 'I2IIarJ 
...,CdIkI.a 
.............. _, . .., 
""'lDrL.w .. .. 

~igitl{i ... ~D~.- III~· ,..... CaIww" MIfar. Art 

............ 0'·· ',"' ...... 

............ ~w.n......, 
C .......... 
~ .. ~(No ... Ibr ...... 
-s.., ..... )~-Mip! OWl, .. SdIece 
....., lalli Gil , 11.., ........ 
"....,...., 

~~~ 
OI8IFIlawll;MIjar; ......... .. 
....... ,. a..,. oaa .... 1 .., 
.......... 1.1111' .. .., 

'MIfIIIr~ CMjIId: AMIJIiI of 
....,~a-hl ... ~ ..... -
"'*" CaIIeF MIIr. w.;or: .... --_ ......... 

·TBN MIN\TI1!\u.u. 
EIIk eo- 0lI I ... d." ....... 
... EsIIIIt) 
'Dirc:o .... SIrwawwl DMdGu 110 Ilw 
"".. a-.i' CoIIep: WImn; MI;or. 
CompuIIr Scieollt II1II BIoinfor .... 
........ OI*IpII ...... .... 
.-..., ........... 1sIIIIJII) 

~ SoM a-.....,. a..a...I 
&Idtpoturd" CoIIep: w.nn; ..... : 
CGaIpIIer Sdenc:e 
................ d .... .., 

........,a....~ 

........ ~tf7a.l,..· 
'*" ,.,.., ... ,....., SfDrt JhIrIiIw. w. 
rM ~"CoIep: SidI; MIjor: 
C.-puIIr sa-e 

1i::::.. .... 
(QNFEltENCE ROOM 4 

PraiIIr. PrrII-- ,., KiM. CItntiIIry/ 
..,.",.", 

0IIIIwII. OIl" I .. ,d ., ....... 
........ ......, 
'1rnIdIft"'" .... of n... UIo, 
__ a.-MiJor ... """"1-
OrjMII ~ vn."CoIep: IIawIIe; 
MI;ar. Bicidwnvcry- a-utry 
.... NIl (IID.II .... ." I'IafsIIOr 
........ 
"Q--. y.., ~ /tIT FIw 
NATA"" 1-»1" ,.,.,.... .- • ......, 
D , f - 1_""'" CoIIep: Muir; 
MI;ar. HAP a.c 11K 

......... Ok I .11~"'''''''''' ..... ....., 
,...,., ..... , .... , IS .. ~ 

,."..,., ... .".. ~.-
.,.: CcII9:......-. ........ Ma-

;:r.~ a....ucr, 
-11IN MlNtTl'BBRBAK-

....... E4IIra~ CiItII", I IlId.., 
F , ... ..." .... 
1ilrprIJiioIi • o.w .,...,.r.n- ,.,." A 
(OIIIpAJ .. B. c.I/ for ~ Stwl-
ia tf 06'-"-"'" ~CoIIep: 
1IIurpcI ..... MI;or: Riochemillry 
... CIIeatiIcry 

...... "'" Oct.- (IIs_1IIIII by 

.............. 6II1II) 
~ AdiwJfIIII ,.,.. C Proj-
.ct.- eoo.,.: MIlt; ...., MDIec_ Bi, 
oJoay 

CONFERENQ ROOM 5 
I'IwiIr. PrrJIt- .,..... RMWfr. Ply, 
"**7 . 
_.'"- ....... ., 
.............. 
....... 1"''[ ..,ApIIIk-
""."". ..... ,.,-~...., 

~''''''' SII 'IN, ~" Cal, 
........ MIjor:~Sdence 
GiIJIIIt"'1$ If ..... ...., II 
RwI .. II •• dl,.,.... ..... 
............. . 
.,...;...,:. ..... ~ by Pro-
.......... ~~ .... 
....... JiIIP: ~ Sc:itnGrINII. 
...... 
.... AIIoi ..... 01 ; I .... byPmfn-
- ,... I'IIIIIII) 06tt: ... MIjon 
CopldW SdIIa 
IIriD HIdII (HI It' ., ....... JIi-
_ ~ Cc6p: *rI NIp: Cap!-
.... 1 I""'-Ilctl.~' 

·TIN MlNUlWIIIWC-
...... '-........... " .. UI.., 
• .. •• ., '-III CIntII) 
..... CMIIIIIII tWa~ .. .,."...-
...", """.. .. II ...... OW ,... 
OI1lIa ~ ..... MIjar: l1li-
_D •• 

.UIT 

,.,,,,.., n-a. ...... A-.1tM/lJ 
.... S I ',a n., """"" v.,. . 
*'" CoIep: 'I1IaIpd ....r.tI! MI;or: 
..,.... 

_1111 .... 1IIrh 010-'" IIy 
... ror ...... ......" 

.,.~ ... 'Mn,,",.JIS GIIitIMu 
tI{~ CAl ~ - r- ...... tI{ 
AIM CA3· CoIIep w.rna; MIjor: PIayti-
oIosY and NturoIdInte 

16 EIImIc 5lucl1es. Lan-
...... and PhIlosophy 

CONFERENCE ROOM 6 
PraitItrr: Prffa-AM Celiro ~ EtIo-
IIic SIIMIiIs 
,., LIIM w..ts .......... d lIy 
....... AlIa CtIa leIIlIIII) 
"SIotrJoMI IWwnI U. hi Scuo IMID· Col-
• Wwnn; MI;or: HWory 
SapIIIa ... (lis * III 1 .., ....... 
_CIlII""" 
......., III Dow!oIowIo Scuo IMp: ,.,.-
",.. ..", ... - lMontIIiI &wfiM" 
CoU.p: a-wII; MIjor.Ilconomica 

........ .....,.,010 ........ ." 

.......... s-eI c. IIc:IIIII-.J 

.,..... DofaMi,..,.", MIl RIfwnIa 
a""p" CoIIep: WIrnn; MIjor: PhIIoeo-
phy 
........... I .d.., ........ 
.. CIlII,...., 

~ MIl ... ", ~ Senobs tit 
CIriIt IIw m.~ ~II" Sa l)j-
." CoIIJp: 'IIIIuJood M.nW: MI;or: l!Ihnk SbodieI 

-1»/ MINUTB BREAK-
VINII ........... 0I0mI_1I.., 
......., CItIIIlIIa II. h'10 
'tIS ~,.. III iINI(pIIoMI ,..,,.,.,.,, 
.. l.IItbo ~. CaIIep: Sixth; ...., 
CriIbI GencIer SIudieII HiAory 
Uo...(IIc: t .. d.., ...... a............, 
"MIll"""" 1lJIb: No AIoorIysis tI{ *",,-
,0 .......... CaaMjlC •• ,a..·Mipi· 
,.,,..,,,.,.CoIIF'IInupId MlrIhiU; 
Wotjor: InterMIIDIW ShIdiet 
.., IIIICJ ....., fill I ad.., ....... -
lora..........., 
"I'iIipiIIo 1.., • c-:tiorc Gaaa· 
,.. ,.,.".,. ~" c:ou..., m.nor 
RooeewIt; MIfcr. 5tIctoIcv ....... 
SIudiet: ....... 

17 ..... Sludles lind 
PerfamIInc Arts 

I 

LOUNGE 
Praidr. PruJmor AIIIiIo J.J. CoIwII. Mto 
.... 

IIchaIu D DlIfIt (JIaInI .... d " .... 
...... AIIIII J. c.r.) 
'"lite ~ rI lid", .. "".. CoIIep: 
Muir; Major: Utenhore mel WrilinB 
CaIIIIII ... CoII1Ia (MoInI ..... ." 
..... , ... ....., 
"SllH. 0rWiJw0I ,.... Lt!fwtIt Sawn 
PIt.t CoUese: 11nqood ManhaII; MIjor: 
1'oIIIiaII Sdence 
..... LeeO'l ' ... ." ....... 
IMteot.l) 

~ tf c.Iat: SaoUoIic.s If 
MiJtw IfIr ttWs" ,,, IIw MoaII IIDr Law" 
CoIIIp: Ma; .... : lJtaIIuN Md WItt· 
... 

IIdlsIlI 1'-1 iIIdll .111 ... ." 
............. DlIIIIlOII) 
...,.,.. A6I* Pw{Gi --.,.v...p. . 
""""if--~Cc6fe: Mair; 
MIjar: Musk: 

-TBN MINUTBBRBAK-
.... AIIlItr .... (110" hI.., 
......... MI?It J, c:at.) 
,. Pol,,"'" CaIIIp Mair; MIjor: 
SloMIiII vr..I Arb 
c:-.,.... ............ . 
.., ........... CAIIIIrt 
... AIIdcs tf .,. ,... .. IrfIMrlq 
..,." .....,. ...... 2fIIIlf' CaIIIp: 
.... . "-wIl; ......, .... aw1IuiwI 
....... HtRarr 
... DC, al1" , ... .., 
............... 
.. JIll,.., IItttI'CoIIp ......... 
;:r.~ 

18 
.... ROOM 

,..".,.",.., ............ ......, 
......... II • ., ....... 

FOCUS 11 

... ......, SetIIII) 
'Sa ", ... ,.,..". CaIIep: 1IIuqoocI 
w.nIJIIk Major: PolIIicaI Sdenc.e 
IIIIIIt ..... 1IaIwIdo (IilDnl1l .... by 
....,.., .. iJIIIDII) 
".",.,., labs: Haw tltt! MIlle PNma in 
rIw Uot ..".,., ,,,.,,,., lias ItJjKIetJ c;",-
..,., Mbrt_c.r- ...n.n-CdIep: 
I!IeInar ~ M.jor: Sociofoty 
".,. J H fiOIdaII (MInIIR1IIIII .., .... 
fluor ..... UrIIpIaIId) 
-n. ~ Slllclo -~ of 
Slaw ""- '1InII,tIo Quilzilil in ArItchd-
lui SovIJI" CoIIep: Muir: Major: CritiaoI 
Gender Studies 
!IIIh 1CI1IIIIIII .............. by 
..... r Eo "'1OIIlII 
':VI tiIItd GImd.r IWaIioIU 111 't1tt! .Sqnk 
~ NwI' Colep: RewUe; MIjor: Art 
HiIIory 

.-' 

- TEN MINUTE BREAK-
ChIIiIIIIIe a.u (lID ......... by IWII-
lOr "'-_ A. fIoIlDII. .... D,J 

-~, Otjiilliaotiofa IIIOd tIte Promo-
Iiort tI{ Gt!fiMr ,.." ill ~ 
Cia"'" CoIIep: Rooeewk; MIrjor: PoIiIiaII 
ScieDce md PoIitiaol r..-
""*' ... .,.... (NoaMI_d by 
..... , __ 'RIIUwIdI) 

~ I11III Sllwirt,r LucrdM Molt -
tIw JMjiniIiDII rI doe Hi,.,."'" CenIwy 

~" CoIIep: w.mn; MIojor: U\a'a-
tIae mil Bnalitb 
CIIIIsw AlIne c-.II~ 
tIL ..... ." PitaIIuor ... 
a.pIIId) 
-nnw. ""Ror1Iifwilrl __ ..... Nod PoIitia: A R-r-
icMIaaion Of Dnv AItJ 'ts Soc;"J brtpIica-
Iiortt' CoIIep: Rooeewk; M8j0r: Critical 
Gender Sludiea 
.... CsIaNII (lis ...... ." IWII-
..... " ... r-t.ar) 
-ooaw ItftItIwrIoIIot Doirw lAbor: A 
~ SIrMll if doe ~ be-
'-II IioIoziuIlI'llmotbtr _ tIw DWisiofI 
tI{ DaIroatC ,.." .. Labia HotuMoIdJ.-
CoIIep: Rawle; MIrjor: SocioIosY 

19 AdvIllC8S In BIoI-
eo II ' 

euCALYPTUS ROOM 
,.,..., ~ Hopi IIoeIaIrG. BiaIotY 
MIIIII R AItIlIt (JIaIIIInalecP ." I'11III • 
.. ....... IIIlIDI\) -
"DI ... ..-"J ,...,.,.. If ,.. GnRH 
-= 0CIr2 ~ , .......... ill 

~lliI'_k ~ CaDetI: aewIIt; 
MIfar: IFioIcJBy/CellIIioIoD 
... CaIlIII ... (IlDndI .. .., .... 
._* 1-~ .. ~\WiawithPost 
CGpItllfIJfys-..l:Wdon;" Pmlirtysau" 
CcJIIIae: Muir; MIfor: General BioIosY 
""'1II:Dy SInock &No!nI1III8d by 
.......... 11. ~ 5dllllld·SdIanbIIn) 
1lI& ' ..... tf doe 1~ be-
'-II Catltepsirt B Jlrotaue Activity aIOd 
1,*,"" C ....... i" Ntutroploil Rt!spmtJf:S 
/(J PIo.itI SM. Stm.s-CoIIep: Warren: Ma-
Jor: JioqjMe'iIII 
GonIaI No (llDndna1ld by PrafuIor 
II. Galt 5d1nt1c1-5c:hoIIbeIn) 
'&p""", VIUC_ c.u Dyooimo;cs: Dffrr-
__ NeZ &prasiDn" tltt! H __ "y 
tI{. V_dIIIne I11III doe.ts If I'rouo-
Iycic ~ Oft P.IotIot/oeIMI Ct!II Mec/oa-
ffOIrrIroItIuctiBfo- Colle.: ReveRe; Major: 
BiompDeeIinI 

-11!N MINUTE BREAK-

...., ... w (110m""" .., PnIIIIIor ,.,....., 
'1111 " ....... Fomctitm if~­
rill u,.l ,.".,. II-...d' CoIep: Muir, Ma· 
;:r. H_ BioIoaY 
........ III ........... by PIlDfII· 
...... 5aIeI) 
,." .."... rf P-Iype AT""" CoUep: 
Mtdr; MIjor: BIoc:hemlttry/Cell BioIosY 
CPtI-O-. a.. OlD Iln.d .., ...,. . 
....... RIIIJp) 

~....... QIIIIII#oM Mus s,.-
......""if""" c.Is." caIIIp: MIjor: 
...... 1IIoIcv 
W2dJIII III. ...., (Ib d I8hd " 
......., 1IJIlalil) 
?AI ~ ..... if AZO III • 
..... """,."". CoUep: Mtair, ...,.., 
Q I s ,_ilia ".ery 
II lQITED NUMBER OF FREE nCKElS 
_,,"..AIlE 011 A FIRST COME. 
ARS1' SEIMD IASIS FOR UCSO SlU-
DEllIS 10 ATTBID THE COIIFEIfJICE. 
FOI TICIllS. COME 10 TIfE ACAD£MIC 
EMICHMEIII' ..,..,.. 0ffICl M 
S1UDEItT CHTER. IlDG • - 2ND 
RDOIt ~ FIOM IWIOEW.L£ 
MIIII1OIIIUIII8 

, . 

.-



12 FOCUS THE UCSO GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 15, 2006 

Undocumented Students Strained 
Under Current 'Immigration Limbo 

UCSD Takes On Terrorism, the FBI and Border Control 
• O.R.E.A.M., from page 9 
paying for my schooling, I just wouldn't 
know what to do." 

Beyond ftnancial worries, growing 
up without papers in America can also 
affect Ihe coUege and teenage experi-
ence. Amy said that life in coUege was 
different for her in comparison to her 
peers since she wasn't able to travd. 

"I felt left out and that I couldn't 
have a life that college students had," 
she said "My friends would gel drunk 
in TI on Wednesdays; they would go 
backpacking through Europe in the 
summer." 

Fernando, a San lose Stale 
University student who entered the 
United tates at age ftve from Mexico, 
described the dL'iCOvery of his undocu-
mented status during middle school as 
a blow to his reality. 

"There was a time when I couldn't 
drive or go to dance clubs with all my 
friends because I had no 10; he said 
"I think for a long tinle, that was the 
hardest part' of being undocumented 
.. . not being able to do what all my 
friends can do." 

According to Valladolid, students 
who came to the United States with 
their families as children and who 
were never able to obtain documents 
have extremely limited legalization 
options as they grow up. Without 
the D.R.E.A.M. Act, petitioning for 
legal status can only be done through 
immediate family members or spouses 
and fiances. While marriage to aU. 
citizen seems to be the most viable 
option for many students, few are will-
ing to take that step. 

For Fernando, while he and his 
girlfriend are already planning to get 
married, he wants to wait until the 
D.R.F.A.M. Act passes. 

"I want to make it clear to her and 
everyone, I wouldn't sell myself out 
just to obtain 'papers.- he said "The 
marriage option wouldn't he difikult 

at all." 
For R.J., passage of the D.R.F.A.M. 

Act would allow students like him to 
pursue life beyond (ollege. For him 
and others. the anguish of not know-
ing what to do after graduation can 
ometimes take its toll. 

' J can imagine all the forlorn 
thoughts others like myself have when 
we sit in lect ure halls and see that 
others are moving on with their lives 
as they talk agout their careers while 
I just it there in the dark studying. 
hoping that I might even have half the 
opportwlities that they do to succeed." 
he said 

Amy knows ftrst-hand how dif-
ficult life after coUege can be without 
lawful documentation. Immediately 
after college, she worked as a tutor 
for a few years and moved from "one 
so-called tareer" to another, from law 
school to modeling. She is currently 
working in retail and said that she is 
still unsure of her future. 

"I feel like all my friends have 
their careers and their lives," she said 
"They're experiencing accomplish-
ments that I don't even know." 

The D.R.E.A.M. Act continues 
to be one of the least controversial 
parts of the · move for immigration 
reform, as its passage through the 
Senate Judiciary Committee attests to. 
In CaJjfornia. S.B. 160. which would 
allow for undocumented students to be 
eligible for financial aid from the state, 
is also pending. 

Still, many are cautious with the 
verdict on the D.R.E.A.M. Act still 
pending. 

·I .... -e always been very careful to 
look towards that future, especially 
when it comes to something as fickle 
as Congress passing a law like this," 
R.J. said "Sure fd like to look forward 
to my future and the things I can do if I 
were legal, but I just don't want to have 
my heart broken again ." 

~ SECURITY, frOm page 9 
issues pertaining to national secu-
rity in an unbiased, nonjudgmentaJ 
atmosphere. It hopes that introWc-
ing all of the sides to the issues will 
allow students to leave with their 
own,infonned decisions. 

"We want our members to have 
a clean slate when it comes to these 
issues," Deihert said "Maybe they will 
walk away with a new perspective." 

However, the offICers have had 
. some difficulty convincing others of 
their nonpartisan nature. As a result, 
they feel that they have been tmfairly 
prevented from receiving ' funding 
f{om sources such as the A.S. Council, 
and that they have encountered such 
fllJlding obstacles as a result of mis-
conceptions of their group's goal. 

"They think we're partisan .. and 
that giving money to us would just be 
taking money away from something 
I ike a dance; said Ramirez, explain-
ing why he felt the A.S. CollJlcii was 
reluctant to give them money to get 
their organization started. 

Vice President of Finance Conrad 
Ohashi. however, said that the organi-
zation had received some A.S. fund-
ing in the past when It was requeSled, 
and any lack of further funding was 
due to A.S. fmancial bylaws and not 
partisanship. Ohashi was formally 
chair of the Student Organizations 
Funding Advisory Board 

Ohashi also noted that the orga-
nization did not appeal the decision, 
which is something that he encour-
ages all organ1zations to consider. 

.Yet due to a IlKk of funds, the 
organization had to caned a network-
ing banquet that was to take place in 
January. lbe offICers had to notify 
ovt!r 60 students, UCSD alumni and 
local homdand securitx experts of 
this canceUation. Deibert e-malled 
UC President Robert C. Dynes about 
the issue, and they both began to 
receive offers for hdp with future 
events after Dynes' secretary sent 

TItlTONS 

. Depressed? 
Sleeping Too Much? 

Not Enjoying Life? 
If you are between the ages of 18 and 65 and have not responded 
to treatment for depression, you may be eligible to panidpate in a 
clinical research study of an investigational medication. 

Qualified participants may receive study-related evaluations, 
• medical care, research medication and laboratory work - at no cost. 

All telephone calls and visits are confidential and safely conducted 
under the supervision of experienced physicians and research 
specialists. 

To learn m~re, please call the Sharp Mesa Vista Clinical Research 
Center at (8S8) 694-83S0. 

Clinical 
Research Center 
crJ A un Mesa VISta 

~. Hospital 

M\I!i()I\ C2006 SHe 

a personal memo to the S.O.L.O. 
office. . 
. Despite the controversy and their 

fllJlding concerns, the officers h,ave 
been pleasantly surprised by the posl-
ti~ responses they have received from 
members. One of their firsI meetings 
attracted over 25 students interested 
in listening to a DHS representative 
speak about his experiences in the 
Foreign Service. 

"I was worried because I expect-
ed that J would have to keep asking 
this guy questions; Ramirez said 
"But then everyone kept raising' 
their hands and asking questions; 
everyone was so interested'" 

In addition to encouraging dis-
cussion among students, the organi-
zation tries to be more creative in the 
sorts of activities for its members. 

"The government is getting a 
lot of flack for its lack of creativity; 
said Ramirez, citing recent situations 
like FEMAS response to Hurricane 
Katrina. "People say that our govern-
ment is so set in the Cold War era that 
it's not fluid enough to respond to the 
problems of this era." 

Being fluid in their thinking, how-
ever, is what the offICers have done. 
One idea was to host a terrorist simu-
lation, with hdp from experts from 
the FBI. Their plan was to divide the 
attendanl$ into two groups - the ter-
rorists and the DHS - and see how 
they would react to each other. 

· We wanted both groups to think 
alike; Ramirez said. "You need to be 
able to think like your enemy:" 

Another idea was so creative that 
they never implemented It out of 
concern that It would raise go~m­
ment suspicions. Their,plan involved 
asking their members to map out San 
Diego as though they were foreign-
ers. so that they could learn to think 
about what terrorists would look for if 
they were planning an attack. 

"Wetl look at San Diego and think 
about what could happen here, what 

San Diego is doing to protect this, 
and whether it needs to be protected; 
Ramirez said "A lot of people th ink 
that we can be attacked anywhere and 
any time. And that's true. we can be. 
But we need to think about what is 
likely and what is not." 

WhlIe these ideas would prob-
ably ~arlc: debate and controversy, the 
ofikers want to encourage students 
to begin thinking critically about 
the sorts of issues they are likely to 
encounter. 

"It's all about thinking outside 
of the box; Co-Vice President Kate 
Valentine said "[The government] 
aI ready has plans, but they're very 
'by the book.' They're probably 
already aU written out. We want 
college students who haven't been 
molded into this mentality yet to 
think about these things." 

The club's officers have high 
hopes for the futwe, including more 
guest speakers, ride-aJongs with the 
Border Patrol, shooting classes, first-
aid training and emergency simula-
tions. Although it may seem rather 
pessimistic to train for worst-case 
scenarios, preparing students to 
handle whatever crises our genera-
tion will face is the overarching goal 
of the organization. 

"Thinking about these things 
actually makes you feel more at 
ease because you know what to do," 
Deibert said "The biggest fear that 
people have is of being alone and 
unprepared If you know how you're 
going to react and can help others 
react, you feel more comfortable.' 

Giving students the tools to think. 
and encouraging them to do so, is 
what the club wanted to accomplish. 

"Homdand security is a federal, 
state and local issue; Ramirez said. 
These 1_ ~ everyone at every 
level, not JIIIt students:' 

For more lnfonnation about the 
organization, e-ma1l nlllionaJstrat-
tg)'@gmlltl.com. 

The Fannie and John Hertz Foundation 
rakes great pleasure in 

announcing I Fall 2006 Fellowship Award to 
UDiwnity of Califoraia, San Diego ltUdeat: 

H~rt.z Elizabeth Stephens BiotecboIosY at Mueriala Sdeaee 
FOUNDATION 

freedom ID ~ 

Ms. Stephens is one of 15 Hertz Foundation Fellows 
chosen from a field of 688 applicants to receive 

a five year Graduate Fellowship Award of up to $240,000 
whjle earning doctorates in the 

Applied Physical, Biological or Engineering Sciences, 

The Hertz Foundation 
would like to extend its congratulations to the 

UaJftnity of CalifonaJa, Sa Diep 
for its role in educating this exccptionalstudent. 

..tMIHERJOE'S ~V ILL A Ci E S· 

Mo~Y, MAy 15, 2006 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

CastIag c.II: Actors needed. all 
backgrounds and ages for vari-
ous projects. When: Thursday 
May 18th. 6:3Opm-9-.2Opm. 
Where: UCSD Campus Media 

~ommunlcatlon center 140. 
Contact: V1s180Bcastlngo 
gmall.com. (5115) 
Hard working, respectful 
female, no. 2-ranked outstand-
Ing high school JunIor. Wishes 
to leam and work In a UCSD 
science lab doing medIcal 
research this summer. WILL PAY 
FOR MENlORING. References 
available. Contact Jonl, 619-
464-8899. (Sl15) 

EMPLOYMENT 

SURF INSTRUCTORS, male . 
or female for spring and 
summer. $1 D-20Ihr, part-
time, summer full-time. Visit 
leucadlasurf$chool.com or 
email surfOleucadlasurf-
school.com (5125) 

looking for energetic & 
friendly people to work part! 
fuR-time for ZanzIbar CaN In 
PIdftc Bach. Cau Michele at 
858-272-4762. (5118) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~IAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Gla-dian ...... 1 ... right 10 duoiIy, edit. deIoI. cINnsiIIt -- and ~ 
and/or ,."... ~ and .. -'-' ....... s wit ...... prior ncMificMjon. The Advwt_ wiI not 
hokIlhe Guordi<Jn bbIe for lIlY cJ.uns ...... inc,j "om the pubIicMion 01 tile "".-ta-. 
The publisher will .he not be hekI ..:counIabie for any claim from an I9r-' made 
bet--. tile advert_ and lhe CClft5Ullllf. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5,.. 20 ..... 
Faculty & Stiff: $7.50,.. 20 ..... 

All others: $12 ,.. 20"" 
Advance ~ent is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

S20.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

eop".t>ouId be reviewed ~ tile advertiser for errors. In order 10 be corrected in lhe next 
regular issue. . U .rOlS must be reported ~ I'" corresponding d8ldline. Uadil will only be 
gill .. for the incorNCl portion 01 the adwniwrrwnl. Ther ••• no Nfunds for ~ions. 

. Pub.o... DIspIoy Ads 
....... 1Ind .. CCM', ....... nce .......... C ........ to: 

UneAds 

oeso GuardIan. Attn: a-tfIech.. 9500 Cillo.- Drtw 10316, La JoIIIo. CA .JOtS. 
Actuel ~: StucIent c.m.r A. Room 217. 

..... 110111 ... 
4,..TH'''' 

emaR: ,dsucsdgwrdim@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdglWdian.org 

arts and crafts, beaches, ropes 
courses. and much more www. 
daycampjobs.com. (5130) 

A+·su.s 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides .. teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. $725.$1051 ....... 
c.lJMId 

CIU)M5-2144 

........ .. 5unMIw ..... LA. 
ArM. GaIn valuable experience 
whIle working with children In 
a variety of f\wt settings www. 
daycampjobs.com. (5130) 

Male Summer Day Camp 
Counselors Neededl smy heN 
In San DIego; DrIve • camp van 
to and from camp In Rancho 
Penasqultos Oust east rI Carmel 
YllIey). MaIce a dIfferet ICe In the 
life of • chlldl 858-487-6000, 

Fun part time event and game 
staff needed. Interactive game 
rental company for corporate 
parties and ewnts. Fun working 
environment, will train. 85U22-
6613 www.partypals.com (618) 

Swim Instructors $1 1 -$17 per 
hour. San Diego 858-273-7946. 
North County 760-744-7946. 
(618) 

$24001 month. 2-car garage, 
washerldryer, poollspa. Call 

8S8-792~53. (5n5) 

Don't Pay High Rentsl 3Bed, 
2 1h bath luxury town 
house 1 'h miles to UCSD. 
$569,000. www.sdrealtypros. 
com/1 0186waterldge.htm. 
CaII4 loan options. REIMAX. 
Associates. 619-200-7612. 
(5115) 

FOR RENT 
light and bright 2-bed 2-bath 

3BR125BA Townhouse located condo on La Jolla Village Dr. 
on Easter w.y, Rent Is -$22001 . Walking dIstance to UCSD, 
month.4BRI3BA Duplex Iocat- Susan at 858-204-7295. (5115) 
ed In Sorrento Valley, Rent 
Is -$2800/month. 5BRI3BA 
House located In Mira Mesa, 
Rent Is -$31oo/month. All 
three places available July and 
Include 2 car garage, washerl 
dryer, community pool, etc. 
Call James 858-354-2106 or 
email at jamesleerentalSO 
sbcglobal.net. (5118) 

Six bedroom plus sunroom, 
2 full bath, 3 half baths. 
Clalremont-Mesa. $2700. Call 
John 858-"5-5918. Available 
June 15th. (5130) 

~room ($2750) and 3-bed-
room ($2350) condos available 
late June. 3-bedroom condo 
available Sept. 1 ($2450). Call 
Donna 858-454-6462. (5122) 

Del Mar family looking for 
experienced baby-sitter to 
start end of May. Monday & 
Thursday afternoons and 0cca-
sional weekend & evenings. 
References a must. $15 per 
hour. 858-755-6959. (5118) 

www.outpostsummercamps. 
5unMIw Dar c.npl • LA. com (5130) 

--~--------------

Spacious 3·bedroom, 2 1h bath 
condo near Gilman, La JoDa 
Village Square, avail September: 

New Condo, UTe area, 1 BR, new 
appliances. dose to pool, spa, 
fitness room and tennis courts. 
$1500, 520-419-0620. (5115) 

ANLSwlmmlng, horses, sports, 

CROSSWORD . 

/\CROll 
1 Goonupree 
8 B_ 
1 5 Long-rime pals 
16 "T'" Once and Future King" w riter 
17 Shout of pno"" 
18 Perform' again 
19 Like 100M! Jobs ()( Joles 
20 Soho resident 
21 Hold back 
22 Adotesa!nI 
24. Sped< 
2S Amble ie4sure4y 
27 WI!Ir African rI_ 
JO AcUlr IClrcsIeY 

3 t .,... lOng. , _ Prudence" 
33 Tawrndrink 
34 Javelin's pad! 
35 Is plural/ 
38 Full-house tenen 
39 Diamond stat 
40 Team c'-
41 [x-QB Dawwon 
42 Moray Of con., 
43 lion's do 
4S Falte front 
46 Ointment 
48 Su&way .. tono 
52 ~olwordl 
54 CteIIII!d 

S6 First name In mysteries 
57 Some (ennis officials 
60 "The Picture of _ Cray" 
62 "L«s Stay Together" singer 
63 Offi cial seals 
64 "Marty" director Mann 
65 Strait off Italy 
66 Frocks 
67 Rolling Stones hil, "Cimme _" 

DOWN 
1 Division into factions 
2 Quicklyl 
3 Defeats 
.. "waiting a target! 
5 Tough outer covering 
6 '1 he Screens" dramatist 
7 ISS partner 
8 Used muscle 
9 As soon as 
10 Filled with reverence 
11 _ Penh, Cambodia 
12 Musical lounge 
1 3 And so forth 
14 Move 10 a fallback posilion 
20 Hawaiian souvenir 
23 CI ass flgures 
26 Words of approval 
28 Exile Isle 
29 HOfW! conITOllen 
32 Surface -.re 
35 "Shane" star 
36 Backpedal« of a !I<irt 
3 7 Twist together 
... Unending 
47 Pianist Cllbum 
49 "Murder on the _ Expras" 
SO Missouri tributary 
S 1 Detection device 
53 Sea50ning plants 
S5 Designer Head 
58 0bsenIes 
59 Inconsequential 
6 t Shrek, e.g. 
63 Maydayl 

Flail av.wonl er .00.1101. 8t 
www ....... n.urWcrossword 

-. 
- , 

l..arge roomlsmall loft for rent 
In Solana Beach condo. All 
amenities, housekeeper, park-
Ing. $1499 for both, or will rent 
separately. Females only. 858-
449-5295. (5118) 

WANTED 

WANTED: exceptional Egg 
Donors Needed. $8000-$15000 
for qualified, responsible appll-

SUMMER 
WORK 

Pay starting at 

·'725 ...,Appt 
Flexible schedules, will 
train, conditions apply, 
no expo req .. all majors. 
Openings In La Jolla. 

Apply at 
... _ata .... ts._ 

7 .... 42·1223 

13 CLASSIFIEDS 

cants. All ethnic backgrounds 
welcome. Special Need for 
Jewish, Asian, and East Indian 
donors, Oose personal s.uP-
port by experienced donor. 
Call Dawn @I 951-696-7466. 
Full Info at www.fertllityalter-
natives.com (618) 

Volunteers paid $45 for an 
Interview. If you are entirely of 
Chinese, Japanese, or Korean 
descent, age 21-26, call 552-
8585 ex. 5590. (618) 

SERVICES 

Hard working high school 
junior WILL PAY FOR SUMMER 
MENTORING in medical lab. 
See the ad In Announcements. 
(5/15) 
PSYCHOTHERAPY: Personal, 
Relationships, Career Issues, 
Competent, discrete services 
for students, faculty and staff. 
Local psychologist for 20 
years. laurie Kolt, Ph.D. (Uc 
'PSY8556), 858-509-1330, 
UKoItOaoI.com. (5115) 

Marketing Dlrlctorl 
FreeIanG pIOduct dlllgntr 
seeksfresh projects and reward-
Ing opportunities. My office 
or yours. Have passpon. Will 
travel. Strategy4marketlngo I : 
sbcglobal.net. 858.453.2809. l 
(5115) 

$300 OFFI Get LASlK by the 
finest professionals at UCSD's 
Shiley Eye Center. Call by the 
end d this spring quarter and 
receive $300 off the cost of 
your procedure. What a great 
way to face your bright futurel 
fI17·121-EYES. (618) 

Tennis. Noon - USPTR instruc-
tor will meet you at the Muir 
Courts for a 45 min. lesson any 
time between 11 -2,' M-F. UCSD 
specIal: 1 or 2 players $20. Call 
619-787-5475 (Sl2n 

PERSONALS 

Sound off! UCSD sports fans 
visit www.tritonfans.com 
(5115) 

,-------.----

BRENDAAnAMS: 
at ALD" IALO. : 

I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

..,..,...... I 
c..,..wM ...... ..". I 

891S ToWne Center Drive I 
SIn Diego, CA 92122 I 

I 1.1.22 •• 41.7 I L __ . ________ _ 



14 SPORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Urban theorist and author of Planet of Slums, Under the Perfect Sun: 
The San Diego Tourists Nev.er See, and City of Quartz: Excavating the 

Future in Los Angeles, 

Mike Davis , 
will lecture on 

"Vigilante Man: A History of White Violence In 
California" 

UCSD Robinson Auditorium 
Thursday, May 18, 2006, 7pm 

15,laS6.-

Born in Fontana' and raised in Bostonia, CA, Davis is a former meat-cutter and 
truck driver who teaches history at the University of California, Irvine. He is a 
MacArthur fellow and long-time activist whose earliest political activities date 
back to the late 1960s. His highly original analyses of the labor movement, 
Latino urban space, ahd the aftermath of Katrina have set the standard for 
progressive teaching and scholarship. In the context of the recent 
mobilizations around the issue of immigrants' rights, Davis' reflections on the 
history of vigilante violence in California could not be more relevant. 

Lecture Is free and open to the public. 

Sponsored by California Cultures in Comparative Perspective, the Chicana/o Latinalo Arts and Humanities 
Pram 

. 

IN THE ADS 
REGENTS PIZZERIA 
LEGAL ISSUES? 

P. 2 
P. 7 

AUTO TROUBLE? 
STRESS MUCH? 

YOUR FUTURE IS GOING RILL SPEED AHEAD. 
ARE YOU IN THE DRIVER SEAT? 

As your college years come to an end, it's time to align 
yourself with a dynamic company that will benefit from your 

. interests. skills and potential. At GEICO, the fourth largest 
private passenger auto insurer in the lklited States. we're 
committed to becoming the best in the industry and we 

. know exactly how to get there. Is your future headed in 
the right direction? Consider the following currently 
available positions: 

• lew Customer SpecIIIIsts 
• Claims RepresentaIIws 
• Custom .. Service ............... 
BeneIIts: 
• Excellent starting salaries 
• Health coverage & 401 k for full-time employees 
• Profit sharing 
• On-site fitness center and credit union 
• Fun company culture 

If you're ready to steer your career onto the right track. 
apply online at www.gelco.com/careers. or apply in person 
at: 14111 Danielson St., PowaY. CA 92064. 

EOEIDRUG TEST, PtMiII'A, CREDIT AND IIACKGROUND CHECI<S IIEOURED. 

GEICD. 
www. ~Jel C 0 CO 111 / C;l rel~rs 

P. 3 
P.B 

MONDo\V, MAv 15, 2006 

Morehea'd, Cantele's Homers' 
Can't Keep Baseball Alive 

• 1ASE1AU., from page 16 
was then hit by a pitch to load the bases 
for junior second bueman John Roth. 
Roth oouJd not get good wood on the 
ball, but his fielder's choice allowed 
Gomez to score. A Dominguez Hills 
error on the play added another run 
and put the Tritons ahead 4-3. Knowins 
that a one-run lead would not hold up. 
the Tritons added an insurance run on 
Cantele's second double of the game, 
scoring Fante to go up 5-3. 

However, the insurance policy ran 
out, as CSUDH came back with a five-
rWl sixth inning to take an 8-S lead. 
Puckett hit a one-out triple to center 
field and came home on Chris Hunter's 
dinger to right ·center. Not satisfied 
with the tie, the Toros took the lead on 
Kyle Stanley's three-run homer. 

UCSD had the makings of a rally 
in the bottom half of the sixth. with 
two runners on and only one out, but 
a double play ended the threat, UCSD 
still trailing 8-5. 

Stanley tallied his fourth RBI of the 
game on a two-out single and another 
run put the Toros up 10-5. leaving 
UCSD with only six outs to put at least 
five runs together. 

The Tritons gave themselves 
a chance by loading the bases with 
one out in the eighth. A two-out RBI 
single by Roth left the bases load· 
ed and brought the tying run to the 
plate. Cantele fonowed with a single 
of his own to put the Tritons within 
three runs at 10·7 and set the table 
for Morehead to do some more dam· 
age. He did just that, ripping a single 

. through the left side to bring home two 
runs and put the Tritons within strik-
ing distance of a tie at 10-9. 

After the inning came to a dose, 
the Toros came up and added an insur-
ance run on Hunter's second dinser of 
the night, putting the pressure OIl the 
Tritons to come up with at least two 
runs In the bottom of the ninth. 

Howner, Dominguez Hills closer 
Fred Medina came in and retired the 
Tritons in the ninth to send them 
home empty-handed. 

"The Tritons would not have been 

facing elimination if it were not for a 7-
510ee to 01ic0 SbIte earlier in the day. 

0Uc0 State took an early 2-0 lead, 
but UCSD would come back to take 
a 3·2 advantase OIl Cantele's two· run 
homer to right-center field in the sev· 
enth inning. 

But. the Wlldcati would come back 
strong like the champiOIUi they are, 
scoring five runs in the seventh inning 
to take a 7-3 lead. The Tritons started 
to rally in the ninth, as they loaded the 
bases with one out for Clement. He 
came through with a two-RBI single 
and put the TritOIUi down 7-5 with the 
tying run on base. However, Chico 
State got two qUick outs on the next 
two Triton batten. ending the game 
and forcing UCSD into the elimination 
game they eventuaUy lost. 

"We faced some good pitchers 
throughout the day and our off"mse did 
a great job." head coach Dan O'Brien 
said. "We simply did not get the out-
ings on the mound we needed to win 
thole two baIIgames OIl Saturday.' 

The only game the TritolU won 
in the tournament came on May 11. 
when Cal State Los Anp. made eight 
defensive errors to hand UCSD an 8·4 
win on a platter. The Golden Eagles. the 
hosts of the tournament. gave up the 
lead to the Tritons in the first inning. as 
Fante scored on a Roth single. UCSD 
kept padding its lead on Los Angeles' 
errors until the fifth inning, when the 
Golden Eagles took a 4-3 lead on R.J. 
Brown's two-run homer. 

However. UCSD came back to lie 
in the bottom of the fifth inning and 
recaptured the lead with a four-run 
sixth inning. UCSD would never look 
back, as the score remained 8·4. 

Though they are eliminated, the 
TritolU have a slim chance of being 
selected to the NCAA tournament. 
Either way. O'Brien is excited to take 
the ficId next year. 

"Were going to be a good ball dub 
next yar;' he said. "If we don't IIlW 
it to regionals this year. I think were 
going to have a lot of gu}'1 that are 
going to focus on getting there next 
year:' 

Thlnldng of MOVIng Off Campus1 
Tell Your Parents to Buy II 

Condo for Yout 
WHY REN11IUY1 

• Renr rM exrro I'OQIrIS to your friends ... 
• Use file rent -.y to fIllY ffN rite ntCN'tfGIe ••• 
• You live In rM condo frx FllEE. and ••. 
' .. . you,,,.,.,,ts ctIIt .",. off tMlnrwest on tire "...."" . 

Have your parents call Tobin today at ,8")l37-Ge01 
Flnestrra/ror.hotmoll.com· www.cbcallfornio.com/robln 

MONDAV, MAY 15, 2006 

Badminton Wins Third Title 
In Four Years at Nationals 
~ BADMINTON, fro m page 16 
18 and was open to the publi . Barroga 
said the annual event alone gave the 
team 52,000 to put toward the expen-
sive trip to Connecticut. 

With the money to prove the valid-
ity of last year's title, the UCSD bad-
minton team used a complete team 
effort to outperfonn the rest of the top 
badminton programs from around the 
country. Although some players didn't 
come home with individual merits, 
every one of the 20 UCSD players 
sent to the tournament won at least 
two matches, meaning every Triton 
contributed to UCSD's winning point 
total. 

A1t1lOugh UCSD nx;eived some fan 
support at the tournament, Barroga 
expressed disappOintment in the repu-
tation badminton has as a spOrl. 

"When most people th.ink of bad-
minton, they don't think of a real sport; 
he said "They think of a park·and-1l.'!C 
sport or something on the side, but its 
actually one of the most popular sports 
in the world next to soccer, just not in 
the U.S: 

But, with top fmishes like at Yale, 
the sport gains recognition and popu· 
Larity at U CS D. 

"I feel like weve come a long way: 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

,. 

•••• enf. 
"""""W ••• ey 

'ILPI'O'A.' ~ 
1Ioo_~""' ____ _ 

10531 Sorren~~!~ Rd. 
811 41a.G800 

"" I, 
:(6 •• "e. 

"It was pretty amazing to see," 
Barroga said · We stood out from tile 
rest of the Khools. The courts were 
covered in yellow jerseys and we had 
the loudest cheering section." 

Totten said "Especially since just four 
years ago when we had IS people on 
the team and now we have over 60. It's 
nice because you sec different schools 
that dOll't have much of a team . And 
so it's really great coming from aschool 
that really cares about the sport ." 

FREE Truck to Move In! 
..,J.. ......... e · 

.IL' .TOIA •• 

... s- ......... _-_ 

• Plan Ahe~eserve Now! 
• No Security Deposit • Friendly Staff 

10345 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
8M 4.WOO:l. 

"" I, 
UCSD Tennis Can't Maintain 
Cinderella Run Past Sweet 16 

• Call for Guaranteed Reservation with :Q" .... Me .. 
..,J... ILP 'TO'A.'~ 

Credit Card ............... .,..,... .... ...... 0/000-__ _ 

~--------------------I 
: 1 MONTH : 

7044 Flanders 
.1.4 ..... 11 
~ TENNIS, (rom page 16 

"" I, of elimination, the Tritons man -
aged to lie it up at three apiece 
thanks to wins from No. I Molden, 
who beat Cava 6-2, 6-4, and No. 6 
Ramesh Thondapu's win over Tom 
Whittaker. However, Lynn scraped 
back up to take a lead as Azevedo 
topped Negishi, 6-4, 6-4. 

in singles play. C".arsu7.aa improved to 
18 ·0 in singles with his three-set battle 
with Rubens, who pulled off a 6-3 win 
in the second set, but lost the first and 
third sets by scores of 6-2 and 6-3, 
respectively. : FREE!*! 

I for UCSD atudenta, fHutty II ataff I 

::r. ••• e .. fo 
"""""Me5. 

"L"TO'A.'~ 

·wlth peyment of 2 monIlia. PI._ preMnt COIIpon. I 
Il00_ ..... "", ____ _ 

6690 Mira Mesa Blvd. 
811841100100 

As Lynn advanced to the national 
quarterfinals for their first time since 
1997, the Tritons flew home with the 
hush realization that their season had 
come to an end Some Tritons still 
found the positives in the tough sea· 
son-ending loss. 

Sulljecllo I.,me Ind .... llability. Exp. 7/31/01. I 
--------------------

"At 3·0, things started going bad; 
Negish i said "Then as I hit at match-
point, Azevedo called it out and the ref 
wasn't watching, but still overruled litl. 
It was a disappointing way for me to 
end the season." 

·We did what we came to do . . . to 
get to nationals and play our best. and 
that's what we did; Oijala said. "We've 
been waiting for that all year so we 
didn't really have anything to lose. The 
perfonnance was not disappointing, 
the results were:' 

IN THE ADS 
Up 4-3, with only one more win 

necessary to eliminate UCSD, the 
Fighting Knights' fate lay in the NCAA 
Southeast Rookie of the Year Carsuzaa, 
who came in to the match undefeated 

HAIR CARE 
LIVE A LITTLE 
BEST RESEARCH 

P. 13 
P. 3 
P. 11 

PAY FOR COLLEGE 
JOB OR CAREER? 
FILMS @ UCSD 

P. 15 
P. 5 
P. 6 

f "I F ~ d .' , it I ~. u d t? n t l 0 d .., , 
A Message from the UCSD FINANCIAL AID OFFICE Reldllne lIews Hana Consolidation 

Attention Student & Parent Borrowers: 

Save Money By 
Consolidating 
Student Loan Debt 

(I.SllId.tll. De.dU •• : Ju •• 31, 201' 
Act. now to lock in low interest rates by consolidating 

your student loan debt. 
Student IOIIn Interest rates will rIM from 4.~ to 6.R on July 1. 
Consolidating at a fixed low interest rate now may result in huge 

savings to you. 

Attend II UCSD COIIsollddon Worbhop 
PrIce Center GII"e" A 

1'-.Aprl25 
11:00 AM -12:00 PM 
1:00 PM - 2:00 PM 
2:00 PM - 3:00 PM 
7:00 PM - 8:00 PM 

.... Junt7 
10:00 AM - 11:00 AM 
12:00 PM -1:00 PM 
2:00 PM -3:00 PM 

.... ..,1 
11 :00 AM - 12:00 PM 
1 :00 PM - 2:00 PM 
2:00 PM - 3:00 PM 

Thun.J ..... 
10:00 AM -11: 00 AM 
12:00 PM -1:00 PM 
2:00 PM -3:00 PM 

TIIun...,4 
11:30AM -12:30 PM 
1:30 PM - 2:30 PM 

Visit http://ftlo.ucsd.edu and click on 8teGlclng News for more 
information on student loan consolidation. 

Congress moves to cut 
Student Loan Funding. 
AJ of July 1, m , interest rates on 
SIafford and PLUS loans will 
inaease to a fued rate. 

The SIIfbd IA*I is cunatly II • vWbIr: lilt 
..,... (IQII 4.75~ - S.M . 110t pqaed rued 
_ willlllDne 6.1l"'_ 
The .... 1'UJS '-- iI a-.dy •• variable '* 
al 6. I ... '!'IIe,.....1iIoI '* wiI becomeS.5'k. 

~1_~, _illh:_lOloctmk 
~~[lII"tM,..snitp. ~1IIOO8IYar.wace 
yoIIlOl'AlIIIlIiIIIl)'Gll" FtdIaI SIIbII..- tduIo: JIlU". sOd; 
.,idltllClllly III _tiki! 

Consolidation Features 
• Loct in • Low FiMd irQrnt rm 
• No proc:tUing let 10 applicAnts 
• One con¥tIIie!It '-morltlily piYmtnt 
• E>:tendtd Npayment term, up to :K) rem 

Loan AtrooIonI $30,000.00 S50,ooo.oo $100-000.00 
5542.10 $1,014.19 

·_ ..... _ llD_ ... ... ___ ... 
.o.n._ .... _..w. .... _ 
· '.-. .. 16f11' ... ......,.. 

Speak to a Specialist -------. 

1-800-482 .. 4262 
~~, ... Ii<Totno) 

Kathleen L. Koornick x243 

Alfredo Park )('285 
........,.,. ...... ~al.com 

'----www.hanastudentloan.c:om 

Hana Financial, Inc. 
o.;;;;~ ""'MCii!b 
................. WIO ......... ' . 
Let ........ tA",1 ... ,.,. '",.,,, 



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rae' Enlten 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

BADMINTON 
DEFENDS 

NATIONAL 
TITLE AT YALE 

By Rael Enlun 
SPORTS EDITOR 

The UC D dub badminton team 
traveled to Yale University, the host 
of the 2006 ollegiate Nationals, and 
defended its national title, taking home 
the men's and women's trophie for the 
third time in tile last four years. 

"We had pretty high expecta-
tions going in:' junior captain Joshua 
Barroga said. "I don't think anyone 
didn't think we were going to come out 
with trophies. I was confident that we 
were going to be fust place:' 

Despite Barroga's confidence, the 
Tritons fa ed some tough competition 
in this year's title run, much more than 
they have in their previou champion-
ships. In UCSD's top-ranked women's 
doubles match, senior Caroline Chen 
and sophomore Deana Tran rose from 
a 6-10 deficit to close the game with a 
15- 11 win. 

Wins from other lady Tritons only 
added to the team's strong showing in 
the tournament, as UCSD took first 
and econd overall. Chen and Tran 
ended up \vit h econd place and fresh-
man amantha Jinadasa and junior 
Grace Cheung placed in the top spot. 
Also helping the women to their cham-
pionship title were senior Lillian Lai 
and junior Jessie Totten, who made it 
to the semifinals of the main draw and 
the consolation draw, respectively. 

"We have a lot of good girls, which 
is fortunate for our school:' junior 
captain Jes iea Totten said. "It's really 
nice to have that kind of turnout for 
the girls:' 

The men's team also impressed the 
ompetition, a freshman David Lim 

and senior Scott Bering lost in the men's 
doubles finals to George Washington 
University's Sameera Gunatileka and 
Will Do, who had combined to beat 
two other UCSD men's teams earlier in 
the tournament. 

The Tritons also combined to place 
well in the mixed doubles competition, 
with duos of Barroga with Jinadasa and 
senior David Lamb with Cheung add-
ing points to the UCSD total as eacl, 
team made the semifinals. 

The Tritons' youthful energy con-
tributed to the team's win, with fresh -
men Harold Juang and Tim Chen 
- both unseeded players to start the 
competition - battling to make it to 
the men's singles semifinals. 

Although they saw the fierc-
est nationwide competition at Yale, 
during the regular season, the bad-
minton team plays against some of 
the top schools around California in 
the Southern California CoUegiate 
Badminton League. 

Throughout the year, the Tritons 
squared off against players from UC 
Irvine, UCLA, San Diego State and 
many others. A loss to UCLA in a dual 
match cost UCSD the regular-season 
SCCBL title. 

According to Barroga, however, the 
loss to UCLA is '! sore subject among 
many of the UCSD players because 
the Bruin used ineligible players to 
pull off the win. However, the Tritons 
ended up with the nationwide title, 
which should make them feel a little 
better about the injustice. 

The Tritons almost didn't have the 
chance to make it to Yale, but fund-
raising efforts and the support of the 
UCSD sports club program made it 
possible for the tearn to defend its title. 
The best fund raising effort, accord-
ing to Barroga, was the Sun God 
Tournament, which was held on Feb. 

[BADMINTON, page 14 J 

'fHE+GUARDIAN 
HOT CORNER 

Women's Crew 

SPORTS The women's crew team, including seven gradu-ating seniors, earned a medler of gold, silver and bronze medals in all four 0 its races at the Pacific Coast Rowing Championships at Lake Natoma May 12 through 13. 
MONDAY, MAY 15,2006 

Tritons Sent Home Without CCAA Title 

DANAI L[ININGER/GUARDIAN 
Senior second baseman Dusty Destler turns a double play during the Tritons' eight-game win streak to make the playoffs, but UCSD's luck 
ran out when it arrived 01 the CCAA tournament, getting eliminated by Cal Slate Dominguez Hills in its third game on May 12. 

UCSD tops CSULA 
8-4 to advance, but 
losses to Chico State 
and CSUDH eliminate 
Tritons from contention. 

By Ratl Entern 
SPORTS EDITOR 

The UCSD baseball team managed 
an 8-4 win over Cal State Los Angeles 
in the ftrst round of the double-elimi-
nation California Collegiate Athletic 
Association tournament on May II. 
However, two two-run losses at the 
hands of Chico State and Cal State 
Dominguez Hills on May 12 ended the 
run for the young team that won its last 
eight regular season games just to earn 
the chance to play in the postseason. 

The Tritons fell in an elimination 
game against Dominguez Hills after 
their 7-5 loss to the eventual CCAA 
champion Chico State Wildcats. 

The Toros and Tritons squared ·off 
fiercely - the teams exchanged leads 
five times and neither ever had a com-
fortable advantage. 

Dominguez Hills took a 1-0 lead 
in the top of the first on a two-out RBI 
single by Ja on Klug, but the Tritons 
one-upped the Toros in the bottom 
half of the inning with a two-out rally 
that tarted with freshman utility Matt 
Cantele' double down the right -field 
line, and ended with junior catcher/ 
first baseman David Morehead's 12th 
homer of the year. Morehead's two-run 
shot gave the Tritons a 2-1 lead, but 
one that would not last long. 

The Toro came back in the top of 
the second to take a 3-2 lead on Cody 
Puckett's two-run homer. 

Dominguez Hills' lim lead lasted 
until the bottom of the ftfth, when 
the Tritons got a one-out double 
from senior outfielder David Gomez. 
Freshman shortstop Josh Tanner fol-
lowed him with a double of his own 
that could only advance Gomez to 
third. Senior outfielder Damian Fante 

I BASEBALL, page t4 J 

Doubles Play Dooms Tritons In 5-3 Loss to Lynn 
Mens tennis loses to 
Fighting Knights in 
Sweet 16 of NCAA 
Division-II tourna-
ment to end season. 

By Nicky Buchanan 
STAFF WRITER 

A 5-3 loss to Lynn University 
on May 10 in the Sweet- 16 round 
of the NCAA Division-II National 
Championships sent the talented 
men's tennis team home to La Jolla 
from Kansas City, Mo., where the 
tearn will contemplate the challenge 
of replacing three top seniors for next 
year. 

"We kn<!w it was going to be a 
close match from the start," freshman 
Kazurni Negishi said. "What's most 
crushing is that we could have been 
having the time of our lives playing in 
finals right now." 

In doubles play, usually the Tritons' 
strength, UCSD could not fmd its 
game. In the No. I spot, Jack Macko 
and Lorenzo Cava took charge and 
got Lynn off to a good start with an 8-
2 victory over the Tritons' sophomore 
Blake Meister and senior Erik OijaJa. 

"We just got outplayed," Meister 
said. "We handed them too many 
mistakes to pull for the win." 

In the second seat, UCSD senior 
teanlmates Steven Oechel and eaptain 
Brent Molden were dealt a similar 
blow, an 8-5 loss to Dennis Rdgraf 
and Julien Carsuzaa. who earned their 

BILLY WONGIGUARDlliN 
Sophomore Eric Rubens andfreshman Kazumi Negishi made up the UCSD's NO.3 doubles duo, the only pair able to top their opponents from 
Lynn University. Due in part to their subpar doubles play, the Tritons/ellS-3 to the Fighting Knights in the NCAA tournament on May 10. 

team-leading 20th doubles victory. 
Sophomore Eric Rubens and Negishi 
decided to bite back and pulled off 
an 8-4 victory over Lynn's No. 3 duo 
of Regnier Azevedo and Raphael 
Koehle. 

Down 2-1 after the poor show-
ing in doubles, the Tritons felt the 
pressure to step it up in their singles 

matches. 
"Everyone was nervous for such a 

big match, but practice and regionals 
went so well that we had high expec-
tations for ourselves," Meister said 
"[Lynn) wasn't as tough as I expected, 
but they aren't a team we couldn't 
handle. They don't do anything spec-
tacular; they are just tough and have a 

bit more confidence:' 
Lynn picked up its third point in 

the opening singles match as Reigraf 
ove.rtook Meister 6-2, 6-4 in the third 
spot to improve to 19-2 in singles 
matches this season. 

Down 3-1 and on the brink 

L TENNIS, page 14 J 


