
POD-DY TRAINING: YOUR NEXT LECTURE ~ FOCUS, PAGE 6 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNrA, SAN DIEGO 

UARDI 
www.ucsdguardian.org TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Brainy Fortysomething Seeks Young 
Grads; Fame and Donations Preferred 

Pay Power 
Could Go 
to Dynes 

STATE SENATE 
STEWSi)VER 

RACE~BASED 
ADMISSIONS 

AlEXANDER V ... RONDlCUIoRDIIIN 
University alumni wine and dine at the Benjamin Franklin dinner at UCSD's Faculty Club on Jan. 13. The Alumni Association is aiming 
to m:nIit a different set of graduates, taking into consideration the short time UCSD has been in existence. 

A maturing UCSD is 
trying to carve out its 
alumni niche, hitting 
younger leaders up 
for philanthropy. 

By Serena Renner 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Harvard University has a tradi-
tion of graduating famous alumni, 

some of whom have gone on to take 
the oval office or pen award-win-
ning literature. The University of 
Southern California schooled the 
likes of George Lucas, who regularly 
donates back to the college's School 
of Cinema-TeleVision. 

Now, along with the rest of the 
10 campuses in the University of 
California system, UCSD is search-
ing for its own niche in the alumni 
market, which lacks the star power 
present in other colleges. 

C~nsidering that the UCSD 
Alumni Association is 30 years 
young, the university is grappling 
with a unique problem, according to 
Director of Chancellor's Associates 
Valerie Townsend. 

"UCSD is such a young univer-
Sity, which means that our alumni 
are also young," Townsend said. 
"Historically, we haven't done a 
great job reaching out to alumni in 

[ALUMNI, page 2 ] 

Ducking flak, regents 
mull easing oversight 
of top exec salaries. 

By Mati McArdle 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

Despite recent scrutiny over 
its pay practices, the UC Board of 
Regents has decided to vote on a pro-
posal on Jan. 18 that would give UC 
President Robe.rt C. Dynes the power 
to boost executive salaries by as much 
as $296.000 over the next three years. 

The university's goal is to "estab-
lish salary ranges that are aligned 
with the rates paid in the competitive 
markets within which UC competes:' 
the proposal reads. 

University officials said the pro-
posal is part of a plan approved by 
the regents last year to make the 
pay of the university's top officials 
comparable to that of other institu-
tions. Under the plan, Dynes would 
not need approval from the regents 
to grant pay raises and would only 
need to report employee raises to the 
regents once per year. 

.~ The university hu-faced criticiim 
recently for not disclosing its pay 
practices to the public. In November, 
the San Francisco Chronic/e reported 
that the university awarded nearly 
$871 million to top employees last 
year, on top of their base salaries and 
overtime. 

The report also revealed that the 
number of employees making more 
than $300,000 has grown by 50 per-
cent in the last year while UC manda-

[ REGENTS, page 31 

Opponents still 
questioning bill's 
legality under Prop. 
209. Measure would 
be 'much different' 
when voted on. 

By Christine KWOfl 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

In an effort to bring race, gen-
der and household income back into 
the admissions considerations, a bill 
written by state Assembly Speaker 
Fabian Nunez is moving through the 
California Legislature. but it will like-
ly be changed on its way out. 

Nearly identical to a previ -
ous bill vetoed by Gov. Arnold 
Schwanenegger in 2003, the legisla-
tion, AB 1452, "will be a much differ-
ent measure than it currently is" after 
the Senate Education Committee has 

ADMISSIONS POLICY 

Students Pressure UC to Sever Ties with Genocide-aiding Corps 
By Charles Nguyen 

NEWS EDITOR 

Students sat in York Hall on 
Jan. 12 ready to commit to a cause 
that is over 8,000 miles away. Some 
winced at documentary footage of 
genOcide in the Sudanese region of 
Darfur, 'while others jeered at politi-
cians .who denied the killings. But 
almost all applauded the UC Board 
of Regents' consideration to sever 
ties with companies doing business 
with the Sudanese government. 

Student presence at last week's 
event was the antithesis of apathy, 
according to UC Divestment Task 
Force member Anya Sorin. 

"Students are concerned about 
this:' she said. "It's a topiC that 
we can all be concerned about as 
humans. not just as students." 

The task force sponsored the 
screening of the BBC documentary, 
beginning a week of events at UCSD 
that the group hopes can convince 
the regents to approve divestment. 
The UC Board of Regents will meet 

- on Jan. 19 at Price Center to discuss 
the topic. The task force plans on 
more events in the coming week, 
including a rally in Price Center, as 
the regents mull their decision. 

In December, the task force pre-
sented UC Senior Vice President of 
Business and Finance Joe Mullinix 
a 220-page analysis on the routes to 
Sudan divestment. In the analysis, 
the group reported that the UC has 
almost $132 million of investments 
in eight companies doing business 
with Sudan's government. 

By pulling out investment funds, 
the university can apply pressure on 
government-sponsored genocide in 
Sudan, Sorin said. 

"Without money or financial 
support, the killing in Sudan can 
finally stop," she said. "It's a Simple 
thing to do, and we hope the regents 
can see that." . 

Stripping all ties with a certain 
country is not as simple as it seems, 
according to UCOP spokesman 

[ SUDAN, page 2] 

JOHN Y M:>IGUIoRDIIoN 
Lalco Tongun. a Sudanese native and UC Dauis alumnus, speaks with students about UC 
divestmentfrom Sudan. The UC Board of Regents will consider divestment on Jan. 19. 

voted on it, Nunez spokesman Alex 
Traverso stated in an e-mail. 

Because the bill is currently 
being considered by the commit-
tee, Traverso would not specify what 
changes would be made. 

The bill would purportedly work 
"in accord" with Proposition 209. a 
measure passed in 1996 that banned 
"preferential treatment to any indi-
vidual or group on the basis of race. 
sex, color, ethnicity or national ori-
gin" in public entities. 
. Nunez's bill would authorize 
the University of California and 
California State University to con-
sider various race- and gender-related 
factors in undergraduate and gradu-
ate admissions as long as no "prefer-
ence" is given in the recruitment. 

"Most people in California do sup-
port equal opportunity:' said Yvette 
Felarca, chairwoman of the affirma-
tive action advocacy group By Any 
Means Necessary. "lfSchwarzen egger 

[ RACE, page 9 ] 

INSIDE WEATHER 
lights and Sirens .............. .. ..... 3 
Op-Eds .................................... 4 
Column ................ .. ....... .. ........ 4 

jan. 17 jan. 18 
H67 L42 H63L43 

Campus Calendar .................... 8 
Crossword ............................. 10 
Classifieds .. .. .... .. .... .. ............. 10 

jan. 19 Jan. 20 
H61L39 H64L39 



2 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

We're All in This 1 
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17,2006 

THE* GUARDIAN 
Grant Schrader &liar in ChIef 

Vladimir KoRan MinIP'I EcIIton 
Ian S. AlII 

Nathan Miklos Copy fdIIon 
Heather Welles 

Charles Nguyen News &IIor 
Matthew McArdle A-'* News &liar 

Marianne Madden 0pW0n EdiIDr 
Hanna Camp "-lIIe Opiooiooo fdiIor 

Rael Enteeo SporIII &IIor 

Angie Lin A-'* SporIII fdiIor 

Christine Pae f«w &IIor 

CURRENTS-------------------------------- Marnette Federis A-'* Foaat &liar Cody B. Nabou" HUM &IIor 
UCSD to .Expand 
Shiley Eye Center 

UCSD announced last week 
that because of extensive research 
programs and increasing patient 
visits at the Donald P. and Darlene 
V. Shiley Eye Center, it has secured 
$8.1 million in private support for 
an expansion of the center. 

Located at UCSD Medica l 
Center, the complex is home to 
the department of ophthalmology; 
its activities include clinical care, 
research, teaching and commu-
nity outreach programs. 

The expansion is fully funded 

and will increase existing' clinical 
space by more than 50 percent 
and add a waiting room and regis-
tration area to the first floor. 

In total, the project will add 
13,000 square feet of space to the 
center. 

Stuart I. Brown, chairman ofthe 
UCSD ophthalmology department 
and director of the eye center, 
stated in a press release that the 
center has outgrown its facilities 
faster than anticipated and that an 
expansion is definitely needed. 

Since its conception 20 years 
ago, the center has produced con-
tributions in the areas of diagno-
sis, prevention and treatment of 

Regents to Vote on 
Divestment this Week 
~ SUDAN, from page 1 

Trey Davis. The UC Office of the 
President did not return calls for 
comment, but Davis spoke on the 
topic in October. 

"We don't invest in companies, 
we invest in funds that have in their 
mix a variety of companies." he told 
UCLA's Daily Bruin . "The mecha-
nism is not .. . straightforward." 

If the divestment is approved, the 
UC would follow in the footsteps 
of universities across the nation, 
including Stanford and Harvard. 
However, the UC task force is pro· 
posing a full divestment from Sudan, 
wh ile Stanford and Harvard only cut 
investment in bonds of certain com· 
panies. The UC Board of Regents bas 
divested from companies because of 

social concerns before. including a 
financial separation from the South 
African government because of its 
apartheid policy in the I 980s. But 
that decision will have no bearing 
on the board's decision concerning 
Sudan, Davis said. 

"If you organize, you can 
change things:' said Lako Tongun, 
a UC Davis alumnus and Sudanese 
native. 

Tongun spoke at the task force's 
screening about his participation in 
the student movement that requested 
UC divestment from South Africa. 

"Students can mobilize the rest of 
America to do something," he said. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus? 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo lor Youl 
WHY RENT7 BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends .. . 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortg •.•• 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
' .. . your fJOrents can write off th, interest on the mongagel 

Have your. parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Finestreallor~hotmoll.com • www..cbcalffornia.com/lobin 

www.bouIev8n:Ieutom.com r-----
lOlL CHANGE 
- - - --

. ' 

737 Turquoise St., Paci~c Beach 
E·MAIL: bou/.voraoufoOJon.rr.com 

-,- - -+Iax- - , $ 99 +lnv. r..~.99 I 
IoduOo. cMlliior & " .. 5 "". MoW cMI PIooto call lor . • _ Con ... 
1 .. 1 ....... wrc::;: E,.;.. 2M/Oil 

------.1 FREE TOWING IN PB OR LA JOLLA 

eye diseases, including a mobile 
children's eye unit and the first 
macular degeneration outreach 
program. 

The _ center had more than 
55,000 patient visits in 2004. 

Gallery Showcases 
Faculty Artwork 

From urban landscape collag-
es to examples of electronic civil 
disobedience, the University Art 
Gallery is featuring the work of 
seven new faculty members from 
the visual arts department until 
March 25. 

On display are pieces cre-
ated by photographer Amy Adler, 
media theorist Jordan Crandall, 
architect Teddy Cruz, "hacktiv-
ism" artist Ricardo Dominguez, 
techno artist Natalie jeremijenko 
and environmental artist Brett 
Stalbaum. 

The university gallery will also 
screen "Hungarian Passport," a 
film-diary created by cultural film-
maker Sandra Kogut, in March. 

University Art Gallery Director 
Kathleen Stoughton organized 
the display, dubbed "New Faculty 
Exhibition 2006/ on the prem-
ise of combining traditional art 
media with new technologies. 

UC Alumni Lag National 
Donation Rate Average 

• ALUMNI, from page 1 
many ways, including philanthropy." 

Of the 7,200 current Alumni 
Association members that have gradu-
ated from UCSD; 80 percent are under 
38 years of age. Catering to a younger 
audience has so far proved unfruitful, 
with alumni accounting for only two 
percent of the $750 million raised to 
date in UCSD's "Imagine What's Next" 
private fundraising campaign. 

"We don't have many older, 
established alumni; said Thurgood 
Marshall College alumnus Joseph 
Leventhal, "Most younger alumni are 
still gaining their fmancial footing. We 
haven't focused on alumni as much as 
in recent years." 

Othe.r UC alumni groups aren't 
faring any better. According to the 

association's statistics, 8.5 percent of 
UCSD alumni have donated funds, 
compared to an average giving rate of 
8.3 percent for the UC system. While 
UCLA and Berkeley lead the pack, 
both averaging roughly 10 percent of 
its graduates donating. the UC system 
lags behind the national public school 
average of 14.5 percent. 

"Obviously. when compared with 
private schools, all publics rate unfa-
vorably below," said UCSD Alumni 
Association Director lehn Valva. 
"But when compared with other pub-
lic schools, California is behind the 
curve. There is something going on 
with this state and university system 
that is keeping us behind:' 

[ DONATIONS, page 3 ] 

Christine Clark A-'* HiIIus fdiIors 
Gaelle Faure 

Billy Wong PhoIo &IIor 
I\lexander V.rood A-'*""*, &liar 

Andrew Nguyen IJeIisn &IIor 
YIorIaI AMilUnt 
Matthew L'Heureux 

Richard Choi, N.'::f. '=i. W.ooy Sh",u, 
Utako Ueda, Simone Wilson 

Copyluden 
Chris Covington, Matt McArdle, 

Neda Oreizy 
Michael Foulks AdwrIiIIna MonIcer 

Michelle T sai !itudenC AdooerIIIinI 
IIIIanapr 

Mike Martinez AdwrIiIIna Art Dftc:Ior 
Kim-long Le SenIor ___ 

AIIiItInt 

ChriSty Facklr ..... AIIhUnI 
AIMI1iIement DeIiIn and ~ 

George Chen, RiChard Chol 
The UCSD Coordi.n is published Mondays 
and ThursdaY' during the academic year t>y 
ucso students ,nd fOr the UCSO community. 
Reproduction 01 this newspaper in any form, 
whether in whole or in part, without permission 
is Slried, prohibtted. 0 2006. ,II rights reserved. 
The ucsD Cw,dian is not 'esponsible for the 
return of unsolicited manuscripts or an. -"e v~'S 
e~sed herein do not necessarily ,,,,,,,,,,,,tthe 
optnions 01 the UCSD Guardi.n, the University 
0/ Coliforni. or Associated Students. The UCSD 
Guardian is funded solely by advertising. 15·year-
olds. Yeeyee. 

General Editorial: 656-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org 

N ..... : 858-5J.-5226, "..., l@ucJdguarriian.atg 
Focus: 858-53-4-S226. fe.rures@ucsdguardian.atg 
Hiatus: 858-53H58J, hiJrus@ucsdgualdian.atg 

Opinion: 858-534-6582. opin~.atg 
W1s: 858-534-6582, ~rdian.atg 
1'I1oro: 858-SJ4-6582. p/IottJ@uadguardilll.atg 

Advertising: 858-534-3466 
ads@ucsd8uardian.org 

Fax: 858-534-7691 

The UCSD Guardian 
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
www.ucsdguardian.org 

v~\>l\10\\"~ STUDENT DISCOUNT EVERYDAY! I ?~\>l\l(}\\"S- GET A PIllA FREE! 
I 

One large One Toppmg Pizza 

$7.99 
Umlted dellvtry ... . 0eI1Ytry CIIIrpI 101., Apply. p., Pizza 11 mace. 

YllkllludonI ID required. "" ......... II the doOt. I'Gu ......... for IN. 
_ wllon -re. Not VIIId will ... __ . CUll,,"*, PIJI" 

1IIPI1c __ tao YlllkI ~. so caunty p .... John', P_9I."... 

EJcphe 2/11/08 

I 
I 
I 

Buy One, Get One 

FREE 
1--........... -.. ............. • .... I 
..... .... p., Pm $1 ...... Umlted It.llvefy ... - DIIlvefy C,* ... I May Apply. Not valid wlh any other on.r. Customer pays III appIlcltble I 
I Illes till . Vllid only It SO County Papa John's Pizza Stores. I 

ExpINa 2/11/08 
• v~\>l\l(}\\"S EXTRA! EXTRA! • ?~\>l\lQ\\"S PIUA PARTY! 

$1 OFF ANY SIDE ITEM TWO LARGE I 
Breadsticks· Cheese Sticks Two Topping $18.99: 

I Chicken Wings • Chicken St~ips I PIZZAS I 
I Umlted clltl¥«y .... Detlvefy CharC" May Apply. I Umlted dellvefy .... DetNwy CharC" May Apply. p., Pm $1-..1 

Not vllid wlh lOY lither otr.. CUIlomer pay~ 1I11P1111c1tble .... till . Not vllid wlh any other offwr. CUIt_ PIP IIIIPIIIIcIbIe ..... till. I VIIIId only It SO County Papa John , PImi St-. I v.tId only It SO Caunly p .... JaM', PID8 Storn. I 
____ ~~~!_"-____ L___ ........ 2/11/'!___ I 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2006 

LIGHTS & SIRENS----
Monday. Jan. 9 

6: 17 p.m.: Officers detained a 19-
year-old female srudent at the Sixth 
College apartments for being a dan-
ger to herself and others. Transported 
to Thornton Hospital. 

9:35 p.m.: Officer arrested a 25-
year-old male .nonaffiliate at La jolla 
Village Drive for driving under the 
influence of alcohol. Transported to 
Coutrty Jail. 

9:43 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a blue-and-gra)' B27 Trek 
2000 mountain bike. from Regents 
Road. Loss: $ 1,500. . 

10:0 I p.m.: Officers arrested a 
19-year-old nonaffiliate in Lot 701 
for being a minor in possession of 
alcohol. Cited and released. 

Thesday. Jan. 10 
1:01 a.m.: A 20-year-old female 

stl)dent suffered from alcohol poi-
oning at York Hall. Transported to 

Thornton Hospital by officers. 
1:06 a.m.: Officers detained a 21-

year-old male student at Lot 355 for 
being drunk in public. Transported 
to detox. 

1 :30 a.m.: A staff member report-
ed vandalism to a red 2000 Ford 
Explorer in Lot 607. L05s: $400. ' 

7:29 a.m. : Officers detained 
a 19-year-old male nonaffil iate in 
Lot 502 for being drunk in public. 
Tramported to detox. 

3: 19 p.m.: A student reported 
burglary to possessions in a purple 
2005 PT Cruiser at Regents Road. 
Loss: $300. 

3:53 p.m.: Officers arrested a 20-
year-old female tudent for mi suse or 
a di abled placard in Lot 104. Cited 
and released. 

Wednesday, Jan. 11 
8:53 a.m.: A student reported 

the theft of a black-and-yellow 2005 
Suzuki GSX-R motorcycle from 
Pangea Parking Structure. Loss: 
$/0,000. 

10:16 a.m.: A 22-year-old male 
nonaffiliate suffered from alcohol 
poisoning at Black Hall. Transported 
to Thornton Hospital by paramedics. 

3:18 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a Specialized Hardrock Sport 
men's mountain bike from the south 
side of Geisel Library. Loss: $350. 

5:42 p.m.: An 18-year-old female 
student suffered a sprained ankle 
after falling at Argo Hall. Transported 
to Thornton Hospital by officers. 

7: 11 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a black-and-blue GT Palomar 
B21 mountain bike from the Arg'o 
bike racks. Loss: $400. 

Thursday, Jan. 12 
9:44 a.m.: A 22-year-old male 

student lost consciousness at 
Engineering Building Unit I. 
Tratlsported to Student Health 'Center 
by officers. 

10:13 a.m.: A st",ff member 
reported the theft of a projector from 
Mandeville Hall . Loss: $4,000. 

1:06 p.m.: A staff member 
reported the theft of a laptop com-
puter from Cellular and Molecular 
Medicine building. Loss: $800. 

1:31 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a silver Next B21 mountain 
bike from the Galathea Hall bike 
racks. Loss: $110. 

1:53 p.m.: A staff member report-
ed the theft of a laptop computer 
from Pacific Hall. Loss: $ 1,500. 

2:10 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a red Mongoose Exile B21 
mountain bike from Argo Hall. Loss: 
$185. 

3:34 p.m.: A student reported 
the theft of a maroon BI8 ext 
Powerclimber from the Groundwork 
Books bike racks. Loss: $100. 

3:42 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a Specialized mountain bike 
on International Lane. Loss: $190. 

- Compiled by Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

-

Tf-!E UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Campus Alumni Recall Thin Social Life 
• DONATIONS, from page 2 

Since . Valva became director in 
2001 , UCSD has undergone dramatic 
changes in the Alumni Association's 
investment, importance and the 
number of alumni involved. Before 
his entrance. UCSD imply did not 
place much emphasi on graduates, 
which has hurt the group's' present-
day efforts, Valva said. 

"This doesn't mean that we have 
terrible alum ni [donators];' he said. 
"We have instead been very forru-
nate with these r ther local corpora-
tions and philanthropic communi-
ties. 1 believe that we have done ome 
of the harder work first and some of 
the easier work in terms of alumni 
giving i what's in front of us:' 

Only during the last two years 
did the group create a magazine and 
newsletter, hoping to finally establish 
a connection that has been lacking, 
according to Leventhal. 

But that connection may be hard 
to create for alumni that may be 
happy to forget their college era. The 
faU's undergraduate student experi-
ence report, which found that while 
97 percenl of UCSO's undergrads 
are satisfied academically, Only 51 

percent are satisfied socially. While 
U SD competes with top institu-
tions academically, low alumni con-
Iribution may be product of social 
hollowness, said Leventhal, who co-
chaired the committee ·that wrote 
the report. 

"More th~n a lack of pride, it' just 
a lack of connection," Leventhal said. 
"Students are proud of UCSD from 
academic standpoints but have a lack 
of connection at an emotional level:' 

The report showed many area 
Ihat need improvement, including 
shuttling service , parking, on-cam-
jJU housing, campu unity, late-nlght 
activities and campu "life." Alumni 
in the group recalled a barren cam-
pus life, with no cent ral gathering 
places late at night. 

"Something as simple as [a gath-
ering placel has a real impact on the 
way students interact and SOCIalize:' 
Leventhal said. "The campus doesn't 
seem to recognize that students don't 
live a nine-to-five lifestyle." 

The age of UCSD's alumni has 
more bearing on donations th-an the 
social atmosphere, Valva said. 

"I anl not willing to say that the 
social discrepancy is a reason for . 

lower alumni giving:' he said. "I do 
believe that our alumni giving should 
be higher but 1 fervently believe that 
it's just a matter of time." 

Until that time corne, U SD 
is digging into its younger alumni, 
establi hing programs in the hopes 
to reach students at a younger age. 
Last pring, the university launched 
Young Alumni, a ister program of 
the Chancellor's Associates. With a 
donation of $500, alumni who have 
graduated within the last five years 
receive perks usually reserved for 
older alumni, including preferred 
access to Chancellor Mary Anne Fox 
and a parking pass to any on-campu 
space. 

"It is important to instill the 
ignificance of philanthropy in our 

alumni from a very early stage;' aid 
Townsend. 

T he Chancellor's' Associates 
program contributes approximate-
ly $600,000 annually to a special 
fund, which has been used for proj-
ects such as the University Centers 
Expansion. 

Readers can cOlltact Serena Renner at 
srenner@ucsd.edu. 

Regents Will Vote on Compensation Policy 
• REGENTS, from ·page 1 
tory student fees have faced a 79 -
.percent increa. e over the last four 
years. 

"While we understand they need 
salary raises to maintain staff qal -
ity, those increases are coming on 
Lhe backs of students; UC SLudents 
Association Chair Felicia Cruz said. 

I n response. both the slate enate 
and Assembly have called for inves-
tigations into the univerSity's com-
pensation policies. State Sen. jeff 
Denham (R-Merced) has also intro-
duced legi lation that threatens to 

strip the university of its constitu-
tional autonomy if it fails to release 
pay information to the Legi lature. 

However, the university has 
defended its plan to raise executive 
salaries. 

"These are personnel - related 
decisions that the regents need, and 
are entitled to, discuss fi rst in private 
committee," U spokesman Paul 
Schwartz told the Chronicle. 

University officials have also 
described the current method of 
increasing executive compensation, 
which requires the regents' approv-

al for annual salaries greater than 
168,000, as an inefOcient practice. 

Under the new proposal, the uni-
versity would assign employees to 
broad salary ranges, with the top 
salary range capped al $791 ,600. 

The UC president would then 
have the power to increase employ-
ees' salaries within each range by any 
amount up to the midpoint of that 
range and up to IS percent annually 
afterward without approval. 

Readers call COil tact Matt McArdle at 
matt.mcardle@gmail.com. 

f I)H':"f--:: ,~,f ()H[,1/,i,(Ji, I>',ll :,. (~rL' . . )llt;() '1\'ISijlri1 :" ,,'11'.' i~,hcl:nkl:) li( ::;cj ('ell 



4 
CONTACT TIlE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org 

TUESDAY, JANUARY L7, 2006 

Web poll I What should the state do with its unanticipated revenue? 

• Pay for one-time capital projeds.Jikt building roads 
• SrI !he ITIOIIef aU for the expcmd de6cit in bW years 
o Fund social services mIuald in =111 years 
• RoIhck universly fM, as the pemor proposed 

Vole GIl tbe lIN ,ueatIoa 1\ _""/,,..1/11. 

SpinningtheWheel· UCSD' en ' 
' . . S 0 eges are-

By Mega'l Durham 
STAFF WRITER 

....... --.,,-, __ a Minefield for Applicants 

JENNlrER HSU/GWIRDMN 

and Students Alike 
Lindquist, a Revelle College senior and a trans-
fer student, says he likes the idea of the six-col-
lege system but feels that -it is only useful for 
students who live on campus. 

The student satisfaction report suggests that, 
since "UCSD values the college system," col-
lege-specific housing should be in place for all 
four years of a student's career, with the option 
of having students of "other colleges live within 
another college'S residential system." This only 
encourages college community building arld by 
allowing students to live with friends from other 
colleges, it gives them an incentive to remain on 
campus. Without the vast off-campus migration 
that usually occurs between sophomore and 
junior years, students would retain closer ties 
to their university and feel a stronger sense of 
community. 

"I think it's a whole lot better than nothing," 
he said. "But if you're off campus and interested 
in your studies, you probably won't do anything 
with your college." 

marquees on the shuttles) were utilized for this 
purpose. Smaller college events could also link 
with campuswide events, such as a pre-Fall 
Fest college talent sho~ that would encour-
age everyone to walk to the concert tQgether 
afterward. Almost every college has a "Day at 
the Bay" or a Martin Luther King Day march; 
why couldn't these events be combined into 
multicollege events? 

T he six -college system is UCSD's pride and joy. The Ad missions Office describes it as "the heart of the UCSD 
campus," and the description elici ts pride in . 
almost every introductory text about the uni -
ver ity. It is truly an amazing program that 
has the potential to give students a sense of 
intimacy that is usually lacking in big research-
oriented school such as UCSD. But the prob-
lems of the college system start from the very 

of applying to college, who wants to read into 
each of the separate colleges before one even 
knows if he or she will be accepted7 Alex Lan, a 
John Muir College junior, agrees that he chose 
Muir College at random and "got lucky." 

"The descriptions were very vague," he 
remembers. "They should have just listed the 
requirements." 

A better solution would be to have students 
choose which college they would like to attend 
at a later date. This should occur after students 
commit to attending UCSD so that the choice of 
college is more pertinent to them .. They would 
also then have the option to attend Admit Day 
and visi t each of the colleges. Brochures of each 
community's facilities and writing programs, 
as well as its general education requirements, 
could also be distributed in the acceptance 
packets students receive. 

This trait of the college system won't change 
anytime soon, arld the flaws of the system as 
a whole don't end there. The college system 
often seems to undermine community build-
ing as much as helping it. Students constarltly 
complain that UCSD has a lackluster sense of 
community and pride, and that the school only 
comes together on big events like Sun God. 

While it is true that the colleges do orgarlize 
a plethora of events meant to draw students 
together, according to the student satisfaction 
report, "There is a persistent misconception . 
among students that events organized by col-
leges are only open to students from those 
colleges," and this is only enhanced by the fact 
that big college events tend to occur on the 
same day. This type of scheduling discourages 
intercollege friendships and mingling, as well 
as an identification with UCSD as a whole. It 
would help if colleges were required to draw 
the entire university community to their events 
and if advertising forums (such as the electronic 

One interesting suggestion that the report 
makes is that, in order to increase school spirit 
and a sense of community, UCSD should cre-
ate rivalries to unite the students. The' report 
suggests that these rivalries be made with other 
schools in the area, such as San Diego State or 
University of San Diego, but perhaps intercol-
lege rivalries could increase school spirit as 
well. The Unolympics. the crowning event of 
Welcome Week, unites incoming freshmen with 
other students from their college and encour-
ages them to work together as a team to win 
the coveted Golden Shoe. It 's a hilarious and 
wonderful event that those who participate 
remember long afterward and the core of it is 
a healthy intercollege rival ry. The same feeling 
is present at another such event, Spirit Week. 
If healthy rivalries were encouraged with other 
such events, then perhaps students would feel 
more involved with their college. Plus, if the 
college they belong to became a source of pride, 
then students would be more likely to remain 
involved with their college even after the first 
two years of housing are up. . 

Imagine a UCSD where applicarlts knew 
exactly which college they wanted to go to, 
and rarlked them accordingly. Wouldn't they 
have more pride in their college of choice, and 
wouldn't they want to play a bigger part in 
it? Now imagine that the colleges worked to 
make them a part of the university cominunity 
throughout their entire career and acted as the 
support system that the admission brochures 
imply they do. Then the college system would 
truly be something for UCSD to be proud of. 

beginning. . 
As it stands now, students sometimes end 

up in a college at random, and sometimes in 
one that is unsuited to their temperaments or 
interests. The 2005 report on undergraduate 
tudent experience and satisfaction reports, 

"Due to the stress of the . application process, 
they [student applicants] did not place tlle 
requisite importance on researching UCSD's six 
colleges:' Ln the midst of the horrible experience . 

The fact is, the college system is really 
only effective for the first two years of school-
ing. Once students no longer live on campus, 
the sense of college ~ommunity fades . David 

Warrantless Domestic Spying Suppresses Freedom and Privacy ir:z America 
T he English writer Sir Thomas More had such a politically acute sense of typical societal 
inadequacies that nearly 500 years 
after his most famous work. "Utopia," 
was published, its message is more 
relevant than ever. 

More could not remember where 
Utopia was because it did not exist. 
Unfortunately, the fictional cities he 
designed are just 
that - fictional. 

In Utopia, 
the slight loss of 
freedom of pri-
vacy presents no 
problem; but in 
America, domestic 
spying - which 
proves to an extent 
a necessary institution in the protec-
tion of its people - threatens more 
than just the freedoms of its citizens. 

The social norm in college encour-
ages students to question their govern-
ment and I have definitely particpated 
participated in that pastime. Any FBI 
agent spying on me might easily sus-
pect me of treason simply because I 
show my patriotism for my country a 
little differently than some others. 

The 200 or so students protesting 
the presence of military recruiters at 
a UC Santa Cruz job fair last year 
also displayed their patriotism in a 

more abstract manner. They report-
ed�y piqued the interest of the Defense 
Department to such an extent that the 
activity was lumped with 1,500 other 
events said to be "suspicious," accord-
ing to Pentagon documents obtained 
by the SanliJ Cruz Sentinel. 

Like the tJ CSC protestors, I may 
not demonstrate my patriotism by 
waving an American flag or recit-

ing the words to 
"America the 
Beautiful:' But par-
taking in activities 
permitted by the 
First Amendment 
should not war-
rant the suspicion 
of my government. 
The UCSC stu-

dents did nothing wrong. 
Such college demonstrations merely 

act as a microcosm for the President's 
warrantless use of domestic wire-tap· 
ping. General political upset, however, 
will greatly affect university students 
in the coming years. As reported by 
Associated Press writer Jennifer Kerr, 
a recent Federal Communications 
Commission regulation obligates 
Internet providers to "rewire networks" 
so that government agencies like the 
FBI can monitor the network live 
instead of having to request informa-
tion transferred through Voice-over-

Internet Protocol calls. This includes 
universities like UCSD and UCSc. 

The cost of aiding the FBI would 
not solely be the loss of possible stu-
dent freedoms. but would also dip into 
the increasingly shallow pockets of 
the- various colleges and 1I niversitiC$. 
According to the Associated Press, 
the University of Wisconsin-Madison 
spent $18 million upgrading its com-
puter network. 

The threat of an overbearing exec-
utive power, however, proves more 
important than any student qualms 
about the legitinlacy of FBI sucveil-
lance. 

On September L2, 2001, America 
may have been wounded, her a1abas-
ter cities dimmed by human tean to 
such an extent that Congress approved 
the overly invasive Patriot Act that 
in more stable tinles would have had 

. Americans shouting about infringe-
ment of personal rights. More than 
four yean after the attacks, I think it's 
time Americans sal down and reas-
sessed President George W. Bush's 
constitutional power and his appli-
ance of "all necessary and appropriate 
force" as approved by Congms after 
the attacks. . 

It's about time we acknowledge 
both of these wars - the war against 
terrorism and the war in Iraq - as 
more than brief promises to prevent 

terrorism and spread democracy. The just the same old song playing to a 
broader relevance of this issue is not . new generation of hopefuls. It's just 
one to national security but to the the same old quest to discover the 
foundation of American democracy, balance between freedom and protce-
the fundamentals of the American tion feminists could not work out ISO 
Constitution and the forbearance of years ago. 
authoritarianism, As a' woman of ohly 18 years, I may 

I understand that citizens are will- be lacking worldly experiences like 
ing to saCrifice their right to privacy those of my grandmother, who suf-
in an attempt to protect themselves fered during the Great Depression. Bu~ 
from possible terrorist threats, but that in my attempt td quench my thirst for 
does not mean we should hand over freedom, I was quick to discover that 
all sense of freedom to a president a shield of protection was its cost. Yes, 
already taking advantage of his posi- I have more freedom than Elizabeth 
tion in power by spying on citizens Cady Stanton did at L8; I can vote and 
without a warrant I can enlist and I can take a job in a 

I remember when we started this mans world, bUt when I walk out into 
war on terrorism.. I remember with a a dark parking lot at night, I'm cau-
hint of nostalgia, even thoush I was tious enough to look behind me. 
against the war, because I remember I'm not ~d of my own shad-
it once being about bringing liberty to ow. It's the shadows of othen that 
Iraq and giving its people a freedom sometimes scare me. I don't W'dIlt the 
they could not buy. Let us recognize, Bush administration's to become one 
however, that in giving them added of them. 
freedoms we seem to be sacrificing So at the dawn of 2006, I encour-
some of our own. age Americans to realize that, in 

After all, freedom is easy. It's the spreading democracy abroad we have, 
sacrifice that comes with it that's the perhaps accidentally, encouraged a 
hard part. If tomorrow, every citizen sense of authoritarianism at home. 
gave up the freedoms given in the So, America's New Year's resolution 
Bill of Rights, this would be the saf- for 2006: a Iitt1e less pass~ness in the 
est nation on earth, but its people the American people, a little more restric-
most suppressed lion on the powers of the ~t to 

Tales of domestic spying may be aecute his plan for democncy - so 
new, but the war is an old one. It's that it truly is a plan for democracy. 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Gua'rdian, the University of California or Associated Students , 
. . 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

GUEST COMMENTARY 
UC System in a Unique Position 

to Stop Genocide in Sudan 
By Adnm R05t1l1hal, Jason Miller 

and Adnm Sterli~g 

I n 1944, Polish lawyer Rapbel Lemkin, in response to the Holocaust that took the lives of 49 family members. coined the term 
genocide to describe a crime against humanity 
so horrific that it needed its own defmition arld 
code of governing laws. While Lemkio's efforts 
led directly to increased awareness about the 
crime, scarcely a decade has since passed without 
the perpetration of a major genOCide some-
where in the world. Despite strong declarations 
of "never again" after the Rwandan genocide 

others because of their tribe or skin color, when 
babies succumb not to diarrhea but to bayonets 
and bonfues, that is not just one more tragedy. It 
is a monstrosity that demands a response from 
other humans. We demean our own humanity, 
and that of the victims. when we avert our eyes:' 

Today, the University of California is in a 
unique position to make "never again" more 
than just an empty promise. As a result of the 
combined efforts of thousands of UC students. 
the UC Board of Regents will meet at UCSD on 
Jan. 18 and 19 to consider a process known as 
divestment, the removal of more than SLOO mil-
lion in foreign investments tied up in companies 

that directly or indirectly in 1994, we are once again 
acquiescing to genocide in the 
Darfur region of Sudan. [I]t is our 

responsibility to 
ensure that our 

university does not 
continue to passively 
condone genocide." 

facilitate government-spon-
sored genocide in Sudan. 

As the students of the 
University of California, it is 
our responsibility to ensure 
that our university does not 
continue to passively con-
done genOcide. "Silence in 
the face of atrocity is not our 
neutrality; silence in the face 
of atrocity is acquiescence~ 
said Pulitzer Prize-winning 

Since early 2003, Sudanese 
troops and government-spon-
sored militias have carried out 
the coordinated and targeted 
killing of the black African 
population in Sudan's Darfur 
region.' For the first time in 
history, the US. Congress, 
State Department, and execu-
tive branch have all declared 
that an ongoing massacre 
amounts to genocide and that 
the Sudanese government is 

_ Adam Rosenthal, Jason Miller author and Harvard profes-
sor Samantha Power. 

directly responsible. 
To date, 400,000 people have been slaugh -
tI~red, 2.5 million more have been driven from 
their homes, and 70 percent of all Darfurian 
villages have been destroyed. Furthermore, a sys-
tematic policy of rape has maimed and humiliat-
ed scores of women, while a government's b1ock-
aJe of humanitarian aid to the displaced has left 
more than 3 million in danger of starvation. 

Why should U C students, specifically, care 
about the genocide in Darfur, especially in a 
world whe.re so many millions are aftlicted by 
disease, poverty and conflict? New York TImes 
columnist Nicholas Kristof offers a compelling 
explanation: "There is something special about 
genocide. When humans deliberately wipe out 

and Adam Sterling On Jan. 18 and 19, more 
t1!an 188,000 students of the 

UC system must come together and provide a 
voice to the millions of Darfurians who have lost 
theirs. Join the thousands of students, faculty and 
staff that have expressed their concern by signing 
the online petition for divestment at http;//www, 
ucdivtstsud4n.com. And if you would like to join 
hundreds of UC studen~ in calling for Sudan 
divestment, come to the regents meeting at Price 
Center at 9 a.m. both days. . 

Adam Rosenthal is a law student at the UC 
Davis And the student ~gent for the University 
of California. Jason Miller, Adam Sterling 
and Rosenthal Are co-chairs of the UC Sudan 
Divestment Taskforce. 

Divestment Would Deny Sudan Funds 
Needed for Relief and Reconstruction 

By Ismail Abdel-Rasoul 

T he tragedy of Darfur is and will remain a deep scar for years to come. The causes and roots of the conflict are, however, 
complex and intertwined. This is why many of 
us are baffled by the oversimplified and mis-
leading portrayal of the conflict between Arabs 
arld black Africans. 

One of the tools of the anti-Sudan campaign 
has been to call for "divestment" from compa-
nies dealing with Sudan. But the recent proposal 
presented to the regents of the University of 
California, calling for divestment from Sudan 
(to be voted on Jan. 18 and 19 at UCSD) con-
tains a precarious clause: "A policy of divest-
ment from a foreign government shall be adopt-
ed by the university only when the United States 
government declares that a foreign regime is 
committing acts of genocide:' What this pro-
posal consequently does is ignore the findings 
of many other international bodies and leaves it 
solely up to the U.S. government to be the moral 
compass of the public. 

Given the recent fumbles of U.S. policymak-
ers (WMDs, Abu Ghraib, domestic pying, etc.) 
one has to seriously question this clause. J n fact, 
such (I clause would have made it impossible 
for the University of California to divest from 
apartheid South Africa in 1986. 

The fact that the US. government alone 
has declared Darfur a "genocide," contradicting 
the investigative reports of the United Nations, 
European Union, African Union and Doctors 
Without Borders, should raise legitimate ques-
tions. Pointing this out should not belittle the 
scope of the tragedy. However, let us consider 
the following: Former US. Ambassador to the 
UN. John Danforth remarked in a BBC inter-
view that describing the conflict as "genocide" 
was done for "internal consumption" in an 
election year. Peter Hallward, journalist for 
Britain's Guardian, wrote: "Bush's opportunity 
to adopt an election-season cause [in 2004] that 
can appeal simultaneously to fundamentalist 
Christians, the National Association for the 

Advancement of Colored People, multiJateralist 
liberals and the altruistic 'left' ... [was I ... too 
tempting to pass up." Jonathan Steele, another 
journalist, points to the "Arab bashing" that has 
accompanied the anti-Sudan campaign. Hence, 
I suspect that the above clause represents a com-
mitment by some in the university to support 
the current US. administration's uniLateral ism 
in international affairs . 

A few more facts should be pointed out. 
Sudan has a new transitional Government of 
National Unity that has been ill' J11ace for a year, 
since the end of the civil war in the south. Is the 
divestment campaign targeting udan's GoNU, 
and thus seeking to destabilize it? Given the fact 
that the UC system is the largest public univer-
sity system in the country, divestment will only 
encourage many other universities and public 
institutions to do the same, thus denying Sudan 
needed foreign investment funds for relief and 
reconstruction. 

Divestment is essentially a form of eco-
nomic sanction. Former Southern Sudanese 
rebel-turned Vice President John Garang, and 
his successor, Salva Kii r, have both expre sed 
opposition to sanctions at the UN. Security 
Council and the White House. The divestment 
campaign, fIXated on the Sudanese govern-
ment. ignores a point made by some of the 
Sudanese government's harshest critics, such as 
pan-Africanist writer Tujadeen Abdul- Raheem. 

I know that many sincerely wish to help 
the aftlicted of Sudan and help bring an end to 
this conflict, and to them we are grateful; I also 
recognize that the issue is being exploited for 
political purposes. While the UC regents may 
vote in favor of divestment - for this campaign 
has much "star power" behind it - it will do 
so ignoring the input of many Sudanese who 
have been left out, as everyone claims to be 
solving our problems. I nevertheless urge the 
UC regents to vote this proposal down. Sudan 
does not need sanctions or divestment. Sudan 
needs help. 

Ismail Abdel-Rasoul is a former resident of Sudan. 

Get started with one of our workshops! 
• Effective Job Search Strategies 

Wednesday· 1/25 • ·2p.m.-3p.m, 
Thursday· 312· 11a.m.-12p,m. 

TODAY (Jan. 17th) 
Winter Job 8. Internship Fair 

10:30a.m.-2:30p.m. 

Gain work experience, develop valuable 
skills, and build your career network 
through a part-time job or internship! 

• Interviewing to Win 
Thursday • 1119 • 2p.m.-3p.m. 
Tuesday· 217 • 11a.m.-12p.m. 
Monday· 3/6 • 12p.m.-1p.m. 

• On-Camera Interviewing 
for Job Seeken* 
Tuesday· 1/24 • lla.m.-1 p.m. 
Wednesday· 2/1 • 4p.m.-6p.m. 
Friday· 2/10 • 10a.m.-12p.m. 
Thursday· 2/16 • 2p.m.-4p.m. 
Monday· 2/27 • 2p.m.-4p.m. 
Friday· 311 0 • 9a.m.-11 a.m. 

• On-Campus Interviews* 
Learn how to participate at 
hnp:llcareer.ucsd,edu/sa/OCIHome,shtml 

Library Walk (Ree Gym if rain) 

Browse our e-calendar at career.ucsd.edu for dates and times: 

• Finding an Internship or Part-Time Job 
• Resume Writing for Internships Br Part-Time Jobs 
• The Mysteries of Work-Study Revealedl 

• On-Camera Practice Interviewing for Internship 
" Part-Time Job Seekers 

• UCDC Program Info Session 

Sean::h thousands of job and internship listings on 
. Ptm Tritfnt lit 1Jttp://cl#Wr.ucsJ.eJu 

.. Advance sign-up is required, please call 858,534 .. 3750 to register. 

VIPW our full Winter Events Calendar at career.ucsd.edu 
._; ~areer Services Center Located on Library Walk 

858.534,3750 



6 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Christine Pae 
fe(ltures@ucsdguardian .org 

Lectures on 
iPods may seem 
like an unheard-

of luxury, 
but to day's 
technology 

makes it 
happen. 

By Chrisline P/U 
fO(,u, [Pltu" 

Rock songs and lectures all in your iPod - sounds Like the future? With the innovation of video i Pods, breezing through a previous lecture to refresh your 
memory before class is slowly becoming more 
reality than fantasy. 

For faculty members seeking to enrich 
educational options in and out of the lecture 
hall , such technology is the next step in pro-
viding students the best available tools for 
their education. 

UCSD's Media Center has been active in 
providing the necessary equipment for faculty 
who are interested in utilizing such tools. 

"The use of t.echnology in the class-
room has increased 20-fold ; Media Services 
Director Sherman George said, in reference 
to the introduction of PowerPoint presenta-
tions as the "turning point" in the mechanics 
of teaching. 

But with podcast lectures becoming 
increasingly available to students, the pros-
pects of dwindling attendance during lectures 
brings forth age-old ethical questions about 
the relationship between teacher and student, 
technology and humanity. 

"It goes to the Iieart of pedagogy in the 
modern world; professor Peter John said, 
who teaches Sixth College's Culture, Art and 
Technology. "What is the best technique and 
most importantly, what is authoritative knowl-
edge? It is constantly questioned." 

With an aim to provide tech services in the 
classroom more efficiently, the Media Center 
has installed permanent media stations, or 
"data projectors," in 95 percent of the cam-
pus' classrooms, according to Media Services 
Facilities Manager Howard Laurence. 

Current advancements in fusing technol-
ogy with the classroom include the "captur-
ing" of lectures onto audio pod casts and even 
streaming video, recorded by professors and 
later posted onto an Internet server where 
students can download them. 

"[t's starting to catch on. It could be the up 
and coming thing on campus," Laurence said. 

The upgrading of classrooms - with high-
speed wireless cable internet connections, 
DVD and videocassette players, and outlets 
for a microphone - have eliminated the 
time-consuming process of tech services set-

THE*GUARDIAN 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

TUESDAY,JANUARY 17, 2006 

PERSPECTIVE 
don't think there's 

a substitute for 
in -class lectures.» 

- Kevin Jung. Earl Warren College Senior 

JASON CAMPA/GUARDIAN 
Since last year, almost aU classrooms and lecture oolls have been equipped with permanently installed media stations called "data projectors, • each providing DVD players and Intemet 
connection for use during lectures. Such installations are just one of many technological innovations being introduced in the classroom and acting as key players during lecture. 
ting up the connection before class and have 
made technological tools ever more accessible 
for faculty. Such improvements have allowed 
them to make liberal use of films and elec-
tronic slides during class. 

Other tools being used during class 
include the "automatic student response sys-
tem" method, which allows students to input 
answers with a remote control-like device 
to a computer receiver, where instructors 
can assess student learning. The physics and 
chemistry departments, in particular, have 

attendance, even Sharma was skeptical. 
"My main questions were, can students use 

it and do they care?» Sharma said. "Will they 
give one more hour [of time] out of lecture?" 

With easy access to broadband cable 
Internet and DSL, Sharma understood that 
students will at least have the ability to down-
load video lectures with ease. For students 
who cannot access high-speed Internet at 
home, Sharma made sure that they would be 
able to download them from computers in 
libraries across campus. 

made use of the system for 
quizzes composed of numeri-
cal answers. 

With high enrollment in 
lower division classes and 
lecture halls growing increas-
ingly crowded with students, 
professors are seeking ways to 
deliver their lectures the best 
way possible. It is difficult to 
pinpoint every podcast lec-
ture recorded by faculty, but 
one professor has built the 
resources for his students. 

~ . is the state of 
the art in teaching. 

"The pressure I feel is 
that I have to be successful; 
Sharma said. "This cannot 
be done sloppily, but with 
style. Then it can become a 
standard." 

Somebody has to 
be out in the 

bleeding edge." 

After consulting Assistant 
Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Planning and Resources 
David Miller and earning sup-
port from the Instructional 
Improvement Plan in 2003, 
Sharma received funds to 
videotape all 8,000 minutes 
of his Physics 20 course. 

- Vivek Shanna, 
Professor, Physics 

A pioneer in forming cap-
tured lectures into a comprehensive system 
at UCSD, physics professor Vivek Sharma 
enthusiastically embraces pod casts as higher 
education's future, and has incorporated it as 
a key source of reference and supplement to 
his lectures. 

"This is the state of the art in teaching; 
Sharma said. "Somebody has to be out in the 
bleeding edge." 

Dissatisfied with students' low quiz scores, 
Sharma resolved to provide better ways for 
students to understand the physics courses he 
teaches, known for its difficult material. Yet 
when conSidering the common argument that 
providing taped, streamlined video lectures 
will result in a Significant drop in student 

The results from Sharma's experiment were 
impressive, revealing an overall 20-percent 
increase in quiz performance and positive 
student feedback. Most importantly, though, 
it showed no significant change in attendance 
than is normally expected in the middle of 
a quarter. Teaching three separate classes of 
Physics 2A this quarter, Sharma plans on 
video-capturing his lectures and posting them 
onto the Physics 2A class Web site. 

Sharma insists that there are two things 
necessary for video-captured lecture success 
- a course with high student enrollment 
and the presence of difficult course material . 
Sharma cites these situations as particular 
factors where such technology will indeed be 

beneficial to students. 
The availability of video lectures to use as 

later reference is also a comfort for students 
who simply want to listen and absorb what the 
professor has to say. 

Integrating lecture slides of formulas and 
diagrams with his taped lectures, the resulting 
streaming video appears like a clip from an 
educational television program. With such a 
clear replication of his class from the lecture 
haJJ onto the computer screen, students may 
wonder why they should even attend class. 

But Sharma refuses to believe that the 
majority of students will take their college 
education for granted, giving more credit to 
their maturity. 

"This is not high school;' he said. "I don't 
want to treat my students as if they are in high 
school: They are adults, and I want them to 
succeed." 

Earl Warren College senior Kevin Jung 
took Physics 20 during the year when Sharma 
first offered the video lectures and spoke with 
approval for the online resource. 

fung said that students did not collectively 
abandon the classroom for listening to lessons 
at home, noting that disinterested students 
will not attend class if they do not want to, and 
that attendance is unreliant on the availablity 
of video lecture. 

"I don't think there's a substitute for in-
class lectures." fung said. 

Faculty in the humanities departments 
have also experimented with a variety of tech 
options. In an experiment to monitor student 
feedback, Professor John allowed the presence 
of an online chat room to be projected onto a 
screen during a lecture, giving students the 
chance to ask questions during class and dis-
cuss the lecture amongst themselves while it 
was happening. 

[POOCAST, page 9] 

Left: Some speculate toot lecture halls may get emptier Wi podcast lectu res become aooilablefor sllIdents. Right: Sixth College Junior Kevin Mann lisrens to his iPod, which with today's technology, allows him to listen to his professors' lectures. J 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDtAN FOCUS 7 

Genome Syntposium Maps Out DNA's Past and Future 
By Shauna Kanel 

STAFF WRITER 

Celebrating a Decade of Genome Sequencing,» a one-day sym-posium held last month in Price Center Ballroom, fea-
tured presentations on various top-
ics by world-renowned scientists 
that together iUustrated how far the 
field of genomics has come since the 
first free-living organism's genome, a 
small bacterium called Haemaphilus 
Injluenzae, was sequenced a decade 
ago. 

But what, you may ask, is genom-
ics, or even a genome? A genome is 
an organism's complete set of DNA. 
The human genome contains approx-
imately 3 billion base pairs, which 
are bundled into the chromo omes 
located in each cell in our bodies, 
with every cell containing the same 
genetic information. Genomics is 
the science of studying and applying 
information gleaned from genomes. 

Some 750 students, faculty and 
scientists were present at the sympo-
sium to listen as leaders in the field 
of genomics from around the world, 
including J. Craig Venter, Ph.D., and 
two Nobel laureates gave talks vary-
ing from how genomics might eluci-
date the key to a longer, more healthy 
life, to environmental genomics, to 
how big pharmaceutical companies 
like GlaxoSmithKline use pharma-
cogenomics in testing their drugs for 
safety and efficacy. 

These scientists represented 
important research institutions such 
as the f. Craig Venter Institute, the 
Max Planck Institute in Germany, the 
Howard Hughes Medical Institute, 
the Salk Institute, Stanford University, 
UC Berkeley, UCSF, Cal (IT)2 and 
UCSD. 

Dr. Hamilton Smith, Ph.D., of the 
f- Craig Venter Institute, one of two 
Nobel laureates present at the sym-
posium, began the day by recount-

ing how Venter approached him in 
1992 and asked if he would join The 
Institute for Genomic Research and 
collaborate with him in sequenc-
ing H. Injluenzae. He did, they were 
successful, and that is where the 
story began. The method they used, 
called the "whole genome shotgun 
sequencing and assembly method," 
is what made possible the speed with 
which genome sequencing can be 
done today. In fact, every year more 
genomes are sequenced than were 
on record for all previous years com-
bined. 

Next to speak was Venter, founder 
of TIGR and Celera Genomics, and 
the president of the J. Craig Venter 
Institute. Venter earned his bachelor's 
degree in biochemistry as well as his 
Ph.D_ in physiology and pharmacol-
ogy from UCSD - and both in three 
years. As the person responsible for 
discovering much of the technology 
that enables genome sequencing in 
its present form, all eyes were on 
him as he spoke at the podium, wait-
ing to hear what his next big project 
would be. 

Venter filled in a little more of 
genomics history, reminding those 
in attendance all that has trans-
pired since that initial genome was 
sequenced. While it took nearly 10 
years to sequence the yeast genome 
(which has only 13,000 base pairs) 
using more antiquated methods, the 
human genome was sequenced in 
only nine months, and was published 
in the journal Nature in February 
2001. Of course, since then, dozens 
of others have followed, including: 
the fruit fly, C. Elegans, the mouse 
(three favorite model organisms for 
biologists), E. Coli, the malaria mos-
quito, numerous plants, the puffer 
fish, and most recently the chim-
panzee. 

Venter's new project is sailing the 
world's oceans collecting microbial 

genome sequences for sequencing 
and assembly. This expedition has 
the potential to discover thousands 
of new organisms and millions of 
new genes, as Venter and his team are 
sequencing up to 200 million letters 
of genetic code every day. 

Another presenter, Christopher 
Somerville, Ph.D., director of the 
Carnegie Institution at Stanford 
University, spoke about plant 
genomics - a topiC some might 
have found boring but for his 
enlightening style of presentation 
and passion for his field . According 
to Somerville, the reason the field 
of genomics is advancing so rap-
idly is because small labs can make 
major discoveries. "Problems that 
have been around for literally hun-
dreds of years are falling every day;' 
Somerville said. "It 's hard to convey 
the impact genome sequencing has 
had on plant biology:' 

However, biologists cannot solve 
these problems on their own. "We 
have a problem,» Somerville said. "It's 
not a technical problem, but a politi -
cal one." 

The funds needed for study, 
especially from the United States 
Department of Agriculture, which 
failed to Significantly increase fund -
ing after genomics came [0 light, are 
just not there. In order for genomics 
to contribute to alleviating national 
and world needs for food, fiber and 
nutrition on the level at which it 
is capable, the government needs 
to recognize that this is the area it 
should be focusing its investments. 

Many other scientists that pre-
sented at the symposium echoed the 
sentiment that the future of genom-
ics is going to need some special 
attention. "We are coming to a point 
where we need to continue sequenc-
ing genomes but also move into 
functional genomics," said Mathias 
Uhlen, Ph.D., of the Royal Institute 

Blur WONG/GUARDIAN 
J . Craig Venter, Ph .D., whose work includes sequencing human, fruit fly, mouse and rnt 
genomes, was ORe of the speakers at last December's Genome Symposium in Price Center. 
of Technology in Sweden. "We need 
to start looking at the bigger picture." 
The information gained from aJJ of 
this sequencing needs to be put to 
use, and many are starting by apply-
ing information to cancer treatments 
and disease prevention, and estab-
lishing protein databases. 

Salk Institute professor Sydney 
Brenner, Ph.D., M.D. is considered 
by many to be a pioneer in the field 
of genetics. Brenner has witnessed 
the field of genomics change from 
the beginning, and has been lead-
ing the pack the whole way. Hearing 
him talk about uncovering the mys-
teries of DNA, genes and genomes 
was the highlight of the day. In his 
talk entitled "What is a Grne?» he 

reminded those present that it isn't 
the number of genes you have that's 
important, but how you use them. 
It is not the number of genes that 
an organism has, but the expression 
patterns of those genes, that is the 
way the genes are expressed, that is 
most important. 

"To be told you're only four or 
five times more complicated than 
E. Coli is a little insulting," said 
Brenner, referring to the eye-open-
ing discovery that while E. Coli 
have 4,400 genes, humans have only 
approrimately 20,000 - far fewer 
than what was originally thought. 
"But for all of you people who feel 
insulted I've got good news: You're 
reaJJy complicated!" 

Time Warner Cable makes student life a lot simpler. DIGITAL CABLE 

,... 

Get all three _rvices 
on Just one bill and SAVE! 

Digital Cable. 
Road Runner & 

Digital Home Phone 
-jim 

$99.95 
• month 

.. 4 ........... • 

~ TIME WARNER CABLE 
~ THE POWER OF YOU-

• Over 225 channels 
• DVR 
• HOlY 
• Movies On Demand 
• All local programming, 

including cable-exclusive Padres 4 
• No expensive equipment to buy 

Road Runner 
HIGH SPEED ONLINE 
• Up to tOO times faster 

than dial-up!* 
• Always connected 
• Speed and perfonnance 

you can't get from DSL 
• Makes homework a breeze! 

DIGITAL PHONE 
• Unlimited calling as low as 

$39.95 per month 
• Call anyone in the United States, 

like Mom and Dad, as often as you 
want, for as long as you want 

• Call waiting 
• Caller 10 

Digital Cable 
+ High-Speed Online 
+ Digital Phone 

= SAVINGS! 

(858) &95·3220 
www.twc:sd.com 



. I 

8 CAMPUS CALENDAR THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

'1 

THE--~GUARDIAN \veek of JAN 17TO 22 

endar@ucsd ca 
Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

TUES JAN 17 
ACADEMIC 

UCSD PRACMA/PRIME OVerseis 
Research Procram Info 5euion. 4:45 
PM, EBU3B 1202 - Learn all about 
a fully funded program of research 
abroad in Australia, Taiwan, Japan and 
possibly other countries. Applications 
will also be available at the session. For 
more info. 534-1123, www.primeucsd. 
edu or abroad@ucsd.edu 
UK, Cambridge Summer Program, 
6:00pm, International Center Pavil ion 
- Learn about the incredible opportu-
nity to study at one of the world's most 
prestigious un iversities during the sum-
mer term. For more info. 534-1123 or 
abroad@ucsdedu 

ARTS 
PC Film Series: Min Her Shoes· - 7 and 
10pm screenings of the film starring 
Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette, $3 in 
the Price Center Theater. 

CAREER 
Winter Job and Internship Flir - Meet 
with representatives from over 80 top 
companies from a variety of indus-
tries. Full-time, part-time and intern-
ship opportunities. 1 0:30am-2:30pm 
on Library Walk. 

WED JAN 18 
ACADEMIC 

Proplms Abroad Centrll Information 
Session, 7pm, International Center 
Lounge - Come find out about the full 
range of study, internship, and work 
abroad options through EAP and OAP. 
Meet recently retumed students from 
your future destinations! For more info. 
534-1123 or abroad@ucsd_edu 

CAlEEI 
Resume Writinl for Intemships Ind 
Plrt-Time Jobs - Workshop on the 
steps to developing a cover letter and 
resume that includes all of the essential 
elements. 10-1 1 :15am in the Career 
Services Center. 
Pelce Corps Info - Explore job oppor-
tunities, benefits and the Peace Corps 
application process. Network with pre-
vious volunteers .. ll am-12:30pm in the 
Career Services Center. 
Pre-Med at UCSD: The Inside Story -
Expert pre-medical advisors on courses, 
experience, letters of reference, the 
MCAT, and personal motivation. 12-
I pm in the Career Services Center. 
The Mysteries of Work-Study Revealed 
- Student employment expert on the 
nature of work-study, how to use an 
award, and how to find and apply for 
work-study jobs on and off campus. 3-

4pm in the Career Services Center. 

THURS JAN 19 
AITS 

Bamboozled - Film on racism and how 
images are bought and sold. Discussion 
and light refreshments after the film. 
5pm at the Cross-Cultural Center. 
PC Film Series: .Jarhead" - 7 and 1 Opm, 
starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Jamie FollX, 
$3 in the Price Center Theater. 

CAREER 
UCDC Proplm Info Session - Come 
find out about requirements, deadlines 
and the application process. 11 am-
12pm in the Career Services Center. 
Intervlewinl to Win - Interviewing tech-
niques, how to anticipate questions, 
and the best strategies for following up 
after an interview. 2-3pm in the Career 
Services Center. 

FRI JAN 10 
AITS 

Josephine BlkerCentennill Celebration 
- Film screening of the French language 
English subtitled 1934 film, Zou Zou. 4-
6pm in the Geisel Library Seuss Room. 

CAIEER 
Findine In Internship or PIIt·TIme Job 

- Learn strategies for searching intern-
ship and part-time job listings to find 
positions that will meet your goals. 12-
1 :15pm in the Career Services Center. 

SAT JAN 11 
AITS 

PC Film Series: '"The FoI" -6 and 9pm 
screenings of the film starring Tom 
Welling and Maggie Grace, S3 in the 
Price Center Theater. 

STUDINT OIGS 
Punch • Kick Your WIY Into Shape 
- Lambda Chi Alpha presents Industrial 
Strength Kickboxing_ $7 to pre-register 
(LXAKickbox-{)6@yahoo.com) or S 10 at 
the door. Class begins at 2:30pm at 
RIMAC; bring water, towel, workout 
dothes and comfortab!e shoes. 

SUN JAN 21 
STUDENT ORGS 

Cultural New Yllr Enravilanzi 
- Celebrate Chinese and Vietnamese 
New Year with Warren ResLife. Paper 
crafts, calligraphy, games, history, tradi-
tions and raffles. 5-8pm at the Yosemite 
Room next to Canyon Vista. 

WEEKLY 
HEALTH 

Check Your Cholesterol - Screening 
requires a self-administered finger stick 
and 12 hours fasting before the screen-
ing. Immediate results, $15 fee. sign up 
online - http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu. 
mstop at RIMAC - Evaluate your rela--
live fitness levels, set goals and mea-
sure your progress_ Free service, walk 
in to RIMAC Well ness Room any Mon 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2006 

or Wed 7-9pm. 
PIer Educatioll IIropMIS - Nutrition, 
HIV, f'lIness, Stress, Sexual Health and 
other topics, free programs, call 534-
1824 for more info. 
Min's Clink @ Studlnt Htilth -
Routine male exams, STD checks, etc, 
Monday momings at 9:30am - no visit 
fee, no appt 
AnonyIIIous HIV Ttsti", @ Student 
Health - Sign up online at http://stu-
denthealth.ucsd.edu. S 10 charge. 
NutritIon Counsell", - One-on-one 
with a registered dietician, indudes a 
three-day analysis of your diet Make 
appt online at http://studenthealth. 
ucsd.edu. 
Wtipt Manapmtnt Clinic - Led 
by a dietician and a physician. Every 
Thursday at 3pm in the Student Health 
Conference Room. No appt, free. 

IELIGIOUS 
EXPERIENCE CHURCH DIFFERENTLY 
- Services Sundays II am in the 
International Center. www.Experience 
ChurchDifferently.com 

STUDENT ORCS 
Wlrren Collece Residentill Life -
Applications are now available at the 
Warren Res Life office for RA and intern 
positions. They will be due Jan. 20. 

CrosswordSolutions 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to www.ucsdguardian.org 
and link to "Calendar" 

COLLEGE LEADERSHIP OPPOR1UNITIES 
Are you looking for a challenging and exciting job next year? Gain valuable leadership and job experience! 

College 

Apply to be a Resident Advisor/House Advisor or Orientation Leader at one of the six Colleges. 
See below for where to pick up an application and deadlines to apply: 

Resident Advisor Orientation Leader 
. Deadline/Applications at: Deadline/Applications at: 

January 30 February 3 REVELLE 4:00pm, Revelle Residence Life Office 4:00pm, Revelle Administration Building 
January 17 

MUIR 
6:00pm, Muir Residence Ufe Office 

Feb. 3 
Freshman Apps due, 
4:30pm, Muir Academic 
Advising Office, HSS 
2126 

Feb. 10 
Transfer Apps due, 
4:30pm, Muir Academic 
Advising Office, HSS 
2126 

~MARSHAll January 2S 4:00pm, Apps at Info Session in OVL. Info sessions are: 1 Ill, Spm; 1/12, 12 noon; 
1/17,Spm 

Jan. 27 
Freshman Apps due; 
4:30pm, Dean's Office 

Feb. 17 
Transfer Apps due, 
4:30pm, Dean's Office 

WARREN 
January 20 
4:00pm, Warren Residential Life Office_ 
Apps at Info Session: 1/12, 1/16, 1/18, 7pm at JK 
Wood Lge 

January 23 
4:00pm, ERC Residence Life Office, Earth Bldg_ 

January 27 
4:00pm, Residence Ufe Office 

February 3 
4:00pm, Warren Student Affairs Office 
#1148 CS&E Bldg/EBU 2 
Info Sessions: 1/17, 7pm; 1 /2S, 4-Spm 

January 30 
4:30pm, 3rd floor ERC Administra~ion Bldg. 

February 10 
4:00pm, Dean's Office 

TUESDAY, JANU"RY 17, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

·Bill Looks to Improve Ethnic-Makeup at U·Cs 
• BILL, from page 1 

is serious about winning a re-elec-
tion he would be very smart to sign 

. this bill." 
However Diane Schachterle 

of the American Civil Rights 
Institute, an organization founded 
by Proposition 209 leader Ward 
Conneriy, said the bill "violates the 
California Constitution." If passed, 
it will be challenged and struck 
down by the state's courts, she said. 

"If in filct the UC and CSU 
system would consider race as a filc-
tor in respective admissions process 
then ·they would be unlawful and 
in violation of Proposition of 209," 
Srudents United for Student Rights 
President Eddie Herrera stated in 
an e-mail. 

"However, the bill does not 
affect the admissions process but 
assists the UC and CSU systems 
in detennining adequate outreach 
to all sectors of California popula-
tion," said Herrera, who is also vice 
chair internal for the Thurgood 
Marshall College' Student Council. 

Still, any attempt to consider 
race and ethnicity in the admis-
sions process is "flatly illegal," 
Schachterle said. A clause within 
the bill that States adinissions will 
consider race JoVithout preference is 
a "meaningless disclaimer to pro-
tect the bill from a legal challenge 
under Proposition 209,~ according 
to Susan Browne, an attorney for 
the Pacific Legal Foundation. 

But because Proposition 209 has 
yet to be tested in the context of 
the UC system, it is due for a new 
interpretation, Felarca said. 

"Proposition 209 never acrually 
had the words 'affinnative action' 
in it," she said. "If Proposition 209 

means the enforcement of segrega-
tion, then it is illegal. If Proposition 
209 means that universities cannot 
discriminate then they must take 
race in to account." 

Nunez's bill does sute that its 
JTleasures would be implemented {O 
the maximum extent permitted by 
the Supreme Court in the Grutter 
v. Bollinger case. Significantly, the 
case affinned the University of 
Michigan Law School's right to use 
a "narrowly uilored use of race in 
admissions decisions" in the inrer-

, earenotyeta 
country free of 

institutionalized 
racism:' 

- Yvette Felarca, Chairperson, By 
Any Means Necessary 

est of "obuining the educational 
benefits that flow from a diverse 
student body." The landmark ruling 
in 2003 reasoned that because the 
Law School did not base accepunce 
or rejection on race but rather used 
it as one of many filctors that con-
tribute ta a diverse student body, it 
was not in violation of the Equal 
Protection Clause of the Civil 
Rights Act. 

If passed, Nunez' bill may shed 
light on a srudy undertaken by the 
uc that indicate African American 
and Latino stud~nts remain under-
represented in the to-campus 
system, compared to the ethnic 
makeup of California's high school 
graduates. 

"Our local, state and federal 
government must first acknowledge 
students as an investment for the 
future of society," Herrera said. 
"Because many minorities began 
with unequally distributed opportu-
nity, it will take time and commit-
ment to pursuing equal representa-
tion in underrepresented institu-
tions to reach equilibrium." 

What is most needed, however, 
is "universal outreach into places 
where traditionally. the UC has for-
gotten to go," Schachterle said, cit-
ing lower education as a primary 
area of concern_ 

"Kids have to be UC-prepared 
when they graduate high school," 
she said. "I would liIc.e you to find 
me any admissions officer that does 
not want to admit qualified srudents 
of any race, ethnicity, or gender." 

Policies like affinnative action, 
however, are needed in order to rec-
ognize that social inequality exists 
and that rectifying social inequality 
is the responsibility of this society, 
Felarca said. 

U If we had a truly filir admisSions 
process then we would see propor-
tionate representluion in universi-
ties," Felarca said. "We are not yet 
a countty free of institutionalized 
racism." 

The bill would also require 
each UC campus to report to the 
Legislature and the Governor on 
the implementation of the bill, 
including information on the 
number of srudents admitted cat-
egorized by race, gender, ethnicity, 
national origin, geographic origin, 
and household income. 

Readers can rontact Christine Kwon at 
clkwon@ucsd.edu. 

Costs Downgrade Class Tech Opportunities 
• PODCAST, from page 6 

John. who has also distributed 
wireless microphones to his stu-
dents during lecture to improve the 
ability of students to ask questions. 
is keen on solving the problem of 
the lack of dialogue in a large class-
room. 

"It was an attempt to focus on 
the possibility of Socratic dialogue, 
and to concentrate student opinion 
and voice;' John said. 

Although it was ultimately 
unsuccessful, according to John, the 
experiment to try a different tech-
nique in maintaining substantial 
dialogue in a lecture hall holding 
as many as 220 students was worth 
the try. 

"I was pleased . that the students 
were so responsive," he said. 

Despite: the relative support for 
streamlined video and podcast lec-
tures, the cost of such technology 

Students' 
Fly Cheaper 

spring break, study abroad & more 
~ I'CUldIr'cl SbIdent AIrfares from S.n DIego to: 

San Francisco $124 
s.n .. flM 

Qenver $111 

Amsterdam $432 
·London t4I2 

Paris $510 
Visit SluclentUniwne.cam for cheap student alrfllres 

on major airlines to 1,000 destllIItIOnI across the US 
and lround the wor1d. 

is more than what the university is 
capable of providing with its cur-
rent budget .. According to George, 
the cost of providing captured lec-
tures ranges from $3.000 to $4.000 
a quarter. for tech service labor and 
equipment costs. 

"Education adapts very slowly 
and it is expensive. There is no extra 
money floating around," George 
said. "It's adopted when it's effective 
and cost-effective." 

ArelECEIIT 
you a ICSI 

·IIIIP 
Do you 
want .,111.1 •• 11 

... It •• el"l 

......... 
__ •• ell 
f •• I" CIIIIc 
prior to graduate 
or medical 
school? 

CII __ ellll 
••• 111'.'1211 
to leam more about a 

great opportunity" 

New Year 
Ne.w·Look 
~GuARDIAN 

FOCUS 9 

I _ 3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858,1152-99,..9 I L _______________________ _ 

START RIGHT. 

Please visit our booth at the UCSD Career Fair 
January 17, 2006·Tuesday·10:30arn-2:30pm 

RI C () H Color Laser Printers 
CL2000N Color Laser Printer 
Up to 16.9 Pages Per/Min. 
Full Color, Network Ready. 
Beautiful 1200x1200dpi Resolution 

,64MB RAM, 530 Sheet Paper Tray. 

High-Speed & High Efficiency in an 
Affordable, Compact Color Laser Printer 

HypheNet Your Technology Resource 
Offering Solutions From: Cus(om Servers, Workstations, 

Security, Remote Access, Storage, Onsite/Remote Support 
. - Call for a Free 30-Day AntiSpamlSpyare Eval-Appliance • 

T. Ord~ call: 619-325-0990 
• Allow 2-3 Weeks for iPod Delivery 

r - - -
_.-

- - - - --•• 
• • •• 

W. now accept tritonplus 
, 

I I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

ee:: crd~ti~ed~;ive: 
~ pi 

. I· 
I 

zpizza 
8657 

Villa La Jolla Drive 
Suite 109 

I San Diego, CA 92037 
1S'-4S0-0MtD 

Bri 
·ad i 

25% 



, , 

10 ( LASSIFIEDS 

THE "-:~GUARDIAN 
SPRING BREAK 2006 

MON. JAN 23 
Ad deadline: Jan. 17 

Call 858-534-3467 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The Guardian SPRING BREAKTRAVEL 
SECTION is coming! Monday, Jan. 23. 
(1/17) 

Worried a bout auto theft? Raveleo 
has sold over 3,500,000 units world 
wide, and we've never had a vehicle 
stolen. To learn more, go to www. 
NoHotWire.com. (1/30) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Marketing Rep-Partnme.PlaceMovie 
• Posters In Stores. S10hr+GaHBonus. 
Need Car/Camera. 800-852-6250. 
(1119) 

Financial planner needs help with cli-
ents services and relations. UTe area. 
Set your own hours. Call Michael 
858-558-7000 x391 (111 7) 

Attention Future Teachers: Teach 
fun science classes for elementa ry 
age students weekd~y afternoons. 
$20-$30 per hour class. Apply online 
www.madsciencesd .org/sandiego. 
(1119) 

Tutors needed for high school 
Algebra, Geometry, Ca lcul us, 
Chemistry and Physics. Flexi ble eve-

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 Bombard 
5 Bee gathering 
10 A way away 
14 Orcheslra member 
15 Craze 
16 Cocktail ga rnish 
17 Sabbath before EaSier 
19 Wriler Bagnold 
20 Graceful girl 
21 Places for keeping goods 
23 Poetic meadows 
26 Mountain ridge 
27 Prized 
31 Sleeper's commenl5l 

THE U SD GUARDIAN . 

" THE"- ·" CUARDIAN 
~ 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reserves Ihe nght to classrfy, edi~ delete offenSive words and pharses, 
and/or refuse any and all ddvertisements WithOut pnor nottficanon. The Advertiser wlll not 
hold the Guardian liable for any clatms resulttng from the publication of the advertisement 
The publisher wtll also nol be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between Ihe advertiser and Ihe consumer. 
Copy should be revtewed by Ihe act,.ertiser for errolS. In order 10 be correaed in Ihe next 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by Ihe cO/responding deadline. Credit wtll only be 
gtven for Ihe tn,COrrea portton of the advertisement There ale [10 refunds for cancellations. 
Please send all correspondence regarding Classified. to : 
UCSD Cuardian, Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Gilman Drive * 0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location : Student Center A, Room 117. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: S5 per ~o word. 
Faculty & Staff: S7.SO per 10 word. 

All others: Sl1 per 10-* 
Advance payment is recuired 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Pub. Date D,sploy Ads une Ads 
Mon. 4 pm MON 1 wIc 4 pm MON 1 wk 
Thurs. 4 pm TH 1 wIc 4 pm TH 1 wIc 

Classified Une Ads appear in both the Cuardian PRINT and ONUNE editions. 

ning hours. 6-9pm, $ lO/hr. 858-635-
8904. All majors welcome. (1/19) 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$725.$1050 hourly 
CllIIJacki 

(858)565-2144 

with strong computer Knowledge 
and skills. Graphic Design experi-
ence . a plus. Flexible hours, pa rt 
time, close to UC5D. Plea~~ e-mail 
Christina@tbpe nick.com with your 
resume, or fax it to 858-558-1 881. 
Hourly rate commensurate with expe-
rience. (1/17) 

Part Time Customer Service· Starting 
at $ 1 O/hr. 1 1 :30am-5pm Monday-
Friday .. Flexible on days. Inbound 
call center. No Cold Calling. Bilingual 
a plus. Contact Sabrina Marquez. 

wDrking in a team environment & are 
10Dking fo r something extra tD do 
in your free time, please apply. Taste 
panelists will be paid S25 per day. 
For more information, ca ll: 858-646-
8223 or email: tastetests@senomyx. 
com (1/23) 

Two UCSD Profs looking for baby-
sitters to occasionally sit during the 
daytime for our kids (ages 1-4) when 
they are home sick fro m school. $ 1 0/ 

TUESDAY, JANUARY '17,2006 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING 

STUDENT 
HOUSING 
LA JOLLA-
STARTING 

FROM THE LOW 
$400,0005. 

~ '~CUAR[)IAN ClASSIFIEDS 
"" 

FOR SALE 
Economics 2nd edition for all Econ 
1, 2, 3- 565-good condition. Email 
k 1 le@ucsd.edu or call 61 9-793-6988 
(1/30) 

Town home near UCSD, 2 bed-
room, 25 bath w/ 2 car garage, 
approx. 978 sf, $449,900. Check out 
www.8262GilmanDrive.com; call Roy 
Warfield @ 619-523-1648. (1 /19) 

WANTED 

Mission Imprintables, Inc. 858-790- hour. Please call Karen at 619-846-

Volunteers paid $30 for an interview. If 
you are eniirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26; call 
552-8585 x 5590 (3/16) Swim Instructors S 1 1 -17 per hour. San 

Diego 858-273-7946. North County 
760-744-7946. (3116) 

8300 x 236 or Sabrina@missionimprin 
tables.com (1119) 

8152. (1/19) 

Need a babysitter for 2 daughters 9 & 
Taste Testers Wanted: Have you ever 7. Wed & Thurs pm, after school. Good SERVICES 

Cheerful tutor, knowledgeable in 
History, English, Math and Biology, 
for La Jolla HS junior. Please call Ines 
858-456-7404. (1117) 

Part time cashier/Mgr. needed for 
nig hts and weekends. Contact Theresa 
Surratt. Fins Mexican Eatery 8657 Villa 
La Jolla Dr. 858-27a-FINS. (1/17) 

HOME HELPERS (CAREGIVERS) . 
Immediate positions 4, 8, 12, 24/hr, & 
live in shifts. 858-274-5534. (1/17) 

Constru c;tion Company seeks 
office/marketing support personnel 

34 Cheering sound 
35 Au ... lill resident 
37 Once around the sun 
38 Ca sowary ki n 
40 Happen again and again 
42 Hindu diSCipline 
43 Pause mark 
45 Fra8menl 
47 For whal reasonl 
48 Small drums 
50 Blacklops 
52 Overcast and clear, e.g. 
54 Harrow rival 

62 
63 
66 
67 
68 
69 
70 
71 

thought about getting paid to taste? 
A leading biotechnology company 
located just minutes away from UCSD, 
is focusing on developing new flavors 
&·flavor enhancers. We have numer-
ous openings fo r people like YDU to 
take part in basic taste test ing. No 
experience is required, just an interest 
in the sense of taste. 

RequirEments: -Non-smoker -Age 18 
yrs & older -Must be available Tues, 
Wed, & Thurs, 2 hrs per day -Year 
round/long term commitment. 

If you have an interest in food, enjoy 

Lotion ingredienl 
Beaulifully 
Currenl evenlS 
Classic hil 
Modern Persia 
Camping home 
Plop back down 
N. Eng. Slate 

DOWN 
1 Colas 
2 Inlernel auction si le 
3 Recline lazi ly 
4 Place of worsh ip 
5 Tex. campus 
6 Ashen 
7 Common conjunctions 
B La rial 
9 City VIPs 
10 Dependent on chance 
11 Rinsing dish on the lable 
12 Henri's gi rlfriend 
13 Cincinnali nine 
1 B Th in layer 
22 Vegas rival 
24 Pa rt of USA 
25 Male and female 
27 PUI up 
26 South Pacific island group 
29 Geslure of rejection 
30 Capilal of Bangladesh 
32 Skaler's figu re 
33 Rema ins 
3& Hospilal employee 
39 Most murky 
41 Absorbed 
44 
4& 
49 
51 
53 
55 
5& 
57 
59 
&0 
61 
64 
&5 

Diva's song 
Pic · 
Man from Manaus 
Socia lly unstable 
Ascend 
Talk Wi ldly 
Toward sheller 
Finishes 
Mr. T's lasl name 
Silliloe or Bales 
Aclress Redgrave 
Half of MIV 
In posilion 

55 Warm, cheerfu l brighlness 
58 Aggregale , SM ............. on PIlI" • 

driving record. Contact Meryl at 619-
540-6027. (1/19) 

Mother's Helper - Part Time. Looking 
for loving, fun individual with child-
care experience. Must have own trans-
portation, non smoker, CPR certified, 
references required. TueslThurs/Fri 
afternoons. Please call 858-414-4301. 
(1/26) 

American Idol training! Voice/piano 
lessons. Theatre/audition/perfor-
mance preparation. Record your CD! 
Launch your career! S50/hr. Celeste, 
858-467-0776, www.celestecenter. 
com (1/19) 

,-----------

BRENDAAnAMS: 
at SILOI IEIUI lEIS: 

50% 
OFF· 

"Haircut, re8. $40 
"Up dOor reg. S45 
"Co/(Jror Foil HiLites, rq,$I,s 

and up 
." ,,,.,.f.af. 

c •• ".. r.IIII w/f. ,,,,,11 ••• ". 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

7770 Regents Rd. : 
151.229.4157 I L. __________ _ 

SERVlCES WITH THE RIGHT ATTITUDE. 

D-lE~GuARDIAN CLASSIFIEDS 
Computer Csychiatr ist: Is your 
home computer distracted, angry, 
depressed, sleeping more than 
it should? Would you like the rela-
tionship you've always dreamed of? 
Contact the doctor by email or phone. 
Sliding scale fees. Free initial consulta-
tion at your home. 858-452-3777 or 
jledingh@san.rr.com. (2/9) 

Need to sell your stuff? Check out 
www.TritonTrader.com (1117) 

PERSONALS 
The GuII""n SPRING BREAK TRAVEL 
SECTION Is tomlngl Monda" Ja!'. U. 
(1/17) 

Pam Anderson wants the state of 
Kentucky to remove .a bust of KFC 
founder Colonel Sanders from the 
state capitol, because it's a "monu-
ment to cruelty" to chiGkens. So wh~t 
.a,plmals had to die to make silicone? 
(1117) 

Education, Labor and 
Employment Lawyer 

Law Offices of David. S. Bristol 
Representing Students, Faculty, Administrators and Staff 

462 Stevens Avenue, Suite 102, Solana Beach, CA 92075 

(858)792-1112 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 2006 

Tritons Set to Face Toros, 
Cal Poly Pomona at Home 
• BASKETBALL, from page 12 

Poppen chipped in seven points 
and five rebounds, while sopho-
more guard Andrew Hatch came in 
off the bench to add seven points, 
three rebounds and an important 
Iilock in the last minute of the 
game. 

The Triton attack withstood 
five Monterey Bay players scoring 
at least nine points. Lamont led the 
Otters with 13 pOints, Jenkins had 
10 points, nine rebounds and six 
assists, and forward Jay Demaestri 
dominated the boards with a game-
high 19 rebounds to go along with 
his 12 points and four blocks. 

Despite losing the rebounding 
battle 34-54 and shooting only 37.3 
percent from the field, UCSO's sea-
son-low five turnovers and solid 
42.9 percent long-distance shoot-
ing were enough to earn the Tritons 
their second CCAA win. 

UCSO's fourth CCAA loss came 
against Cal State San Bernardino 
three days earlier when an amazing 
second-half shooting performance 
was not enough to overcome a 
poor first half offenSively and the 
lack of a three-point threat. 

Despite only leading once in 
the first half after a three-point 
play by senior guard Odioh Odiye, 
the Tritons stayed within range of 
the Coyotes for much of the start-
ing period, down only six points 
with just over five minutes to play 
in the half. However, a steal and 
dunk by Coyotes .reserve Yoseph 
Yaisrael began a 10-2 run that left 
the score 29-15 at intermission. 

The Tritons shot only 29.4 per-
cent from the field in the first half, 
while San Bernardino shot 54.5 
percent. While UCSO improved to 
a 57,1 field -goal percentage in the 
second half, the Coyotes continued 

to be accurate, converting 46.7 per-
cent of their field goals, including 
seven three-pointers. The Tritons, 
who were unable to convert a 
three -point shot and took only 
three in the game, got no closer 
than the 14-point halftime deficit, 
and fell behind by as much as 30. 
UCSO's own 10-2 run in the game's 
last three minutes cut the Coyotes 
margin of victory to 22. 

Curtis Williams scored a game-
high 13 points for San Bernardino 
and Chet Johnson was perfect from 
the field, going 4-for-4, includ-
ing 2-for-2 from long distance, 
to notch 10 points. UCSO fresh -
man forward A.J. Maulhardt was 
also 4-for-4 from the field , lead-
ing the Tritons with eight points 
and five rebounds in.. 13 minutes 
off the bench. The Tritons had 21 
turnovers, 1 S courtesy of Coyote 
steals. However, UCSD did win 
the rebounding battle, 27-26, and 
64 points was stiU below the team's 
65.1 scoring defense average, the 
lowest in the CCAA. 

"After such a great team effort 
on Saturday, I think we just got 
feeling too good about ourselves; 
Allard said. "We are capable of 
beating any team, but you have 
to put in the preparation and the 
effort before each game in our 
league or else the opposition wiu 
bury you, and we got a taste of that 
on Wednesday. Hopefully we can 
learn from [the loss) so it won't 
happen again." 

The Tritons will have their 
next chance to show what they 
have learned this season as they 
return home to take on Cal State 
Dominguez HiUs on Jan. 20 and 
Cal Poly Pomona on Jan. 21. Both 
games are scheduled for a 7:30 p.m. 
start in RlMAC Arena. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Four Ranked 
Teams Await 

0-3 UCSD 
~ VOllEYBAll, from page 12 

match against a team that just came 
off a win in the UCSB/Elephant Bar 
Collegiate Invitational, improving the 
4gers record to an undefeated 4-0. 

"Long Beach State is as good of a 
team as we'll see all year; Ring said. 

According to the new head coach, 
the Tritons will need a lot more from 
Dierdorff and everyone else the rest of 
the season, but this was a start. 

"We never gave up and we showed 
a lot of heart; Sayers said, "I think this 
year is going to be a really good year:' 

UCSD and No. 10 Ohio State com-
peted in a two-match series over the 
Martin Luther King Jr. weekend in 
OSU's St. John Arena. 

On Jan. 13, the Buckeyes won the 
match in four games 25-30, 22-30, 33-
31, 17-30. Once again, Sayers led the 
way for the Tritons with 13 kills while 
junior middle blocker Garret Smith 
added 11 kills hitting at a .476 dip. 
Dierdorff finished with 47 assists and 
sophomore outside hitter Russ Hardy 
had 11 digs for the game. 

UCSO kept it very dose through-
out game three with many ties and 
lead changes until a Smith kill and 
a block by Dierdorff and John Mark 
Wendler gave them their first game 
of the year. 

On Jan. 15, the Tritons lost again 
in four games to OSU, dropping to 0-3 
for the season. The Buckeyes improve 
to a perfect 5-0 with the 23-30, 30-27, 
25-30, 23-30 win. 

UCSD had three of their players 
reach double-digits in kills with Jon 
Daze contributing 18 on .429 hitting. 
Dierdorff continued to improve with a 
match-high 49 assists for UCSD. 

UCSO will be back in action on 
the road Jan. 19 against Stanford. 

SPORTS 11 

-~'!lj'D:fflHU1![,j'·'jDliltil 
a QlalltJ Barberinl • All SlJles I 

Appt. or •• Ikll • M 12-5, T-F '-5, Sat '-4 I 

HAIRCUT S12 : 
Men, Wo .... , lids R ·· I ( "g . • 14) 

DOWNTOWN LA JOLLA HIt to E.press Hotel I 
776.£.Fa!.Av:.St~ L~oIl~ CA !20E 8~8~5~.5!9~ 

Head, Neck a 
Spine Center of SD 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La Jolla, CA 92037 
1.1 ..... 3111 Fu 1.1 .... 3841 

www.laJolladc.com 

3151 HoIIdIy Cto It04 
.51-455-0909 
~o!e .fa! . .c!!Py ... a~osl from ~ ~ r !!.O !.n d..R~ !loEo!!! 
: MystIcta. ::= S18-

NLESS: Illy 1 Get 1 ::.,111 UNLIMITED 
I FREE II MOHTHLY 
1 • I I TAHHIHG 

Am Iimt customors only. s.e salon for details. TAN : __ .?':21~7? __ ~ : __ !"P.;.21~7~ __ ~ 
or less) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

: ~ ,.. :: Bu, .n, STANS : 
I or Uhr .... II GET 5 FREE 

FREE I BUY 5 ,,'5 II Including Mystic 
I for only ... II and Ultra 
I II 

I I s.e salon for detailL 
Exp. 2117/116 

What IS law school? 
A place where convention is reinforced? 

Or more than' that? 
A place to learn a broad repertoire of skills. 

A rigorous curriculum in a supportive environment. 
An intersection of theory and practice. 

Explore the full potential of the law 
in a school devoted to the big picture. 

CALIFORNIA WESTERN 
SCHOOL OF LAW I San Diego 

What law school ought to be.SIoI 



-.I 

. \ 

12 TuE~GUARDIAN HOT CORNER TRITON JAM 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael En/un 
sports@ucsdguardian.org SPORTS RIMAC Arena, Jan 17 @ 5:30 p.m. The Triton Jam is a pep rally meant to introduce the UCSD stu-. dents to their favorite Triton athletes. While meeting stars like women's basketballer Leora Juster, attendees will also have the chance to win prizes such as an XBox and free textbooks. 

TUESDAY, JANUARY 17,2006 

Defense Pushes Tritons Over Otters 
UCSD's league-best 
scoring defense holds 
CSUMB to 62 points 
for fIfth overall win, 
second in CCAA play. 

By Joe Tevelawitz 
STAFF WRITER 

If defense does in fact win cham-
pionship , then the UCSD men's 
basketball squad has big things in 
its future. 

Leading the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association in scoring 
defense, the Tritons forced 12 turn-
overs while committing only five of 
thei r own and clamped down in the 
final minute, gaining a 67-62 vic-
tory over Cal State Monterey Bay 
on Jan. 14. Following a 64-42 loss 
at Cal State San Bernardino on Jan. 
ll , the Tritons recovered by hold-
ing the Otters to below 35 percent 
shooting from the field . 

With the lead changing nine 
t imes in the first half, neither team 
was able to take a significant advan-
tage. The Tritons, who began the 
game with four guards and fresh -
man Henry Patterson at forward, 
were led early on by another fresh -
man forward, Darryl Lawlor, who 
cored nine of his 10 points off the 

bench in the first half. UCSD took 
a 31-26 lead into halft ime by going 
o n an 11 -4 run in the final four 
minutes. 

The Tritons held onto their 
momentum after halftime as they 
extended their lead to 10 with 16 
minutes, 48 seconds left to pl~y 
in the game. Unfortunately, UCSD 
was unable to club the Otters into 
submission, as back-to-back three-
pointers brought Monterey Bay to 
within four_ UCSD wouldn't hold a 
double-digit lead for the rest of the 
game, but was able to stay slightly 
in front of Monterey Bay thanks 
to a balanced team effort that saw 
scoring contributions frolJl seven 
players. However, four successful 
free throws by the Otters tied the 
score with 3: 19 left to play. 

"We were in control of the game 
fo r most of the night, and though 
we have lost some close ones, I had 
a good feeling we'd finish them off," 
sophomore guard Clint Allard said. 

Allard was fouled after 
rebounding his own missed shot 
and converted both of his chances 
at the line. Monterey Bay center 

GREG DlIlffGUARDIAN 
Freshman guard Shane Poppen and the Tritons have held their opponents to an 
average of 65.1 points per game, the best scoring defense in the league. 
Devoughn Lamont and forward 
Richard Jenkins would both make 
l -of-2 free throws to tie the score 
again at 62. After a UCSD timeout 
it was Allard again, nailing a three-
pointer off junior guard Robby 
Peters' assist to give the Tritons a 
lead from which they'd never look 
back. 

"The play at the timeout was 
designed for Odioh Odiye to get 
the ball on the inbound and take 
it to the basket since we had little 
time on thl,! shot clock:' Allard said. 
"When he was covered and the ball 
came to me, I just knew I had to 
create a shot for myself with little 
time left, and thankfully it went 
in." 

The UCSD defense took care of 
the lead the rest of the way, forcing 
three missed shots by Monterey Bay 

before Allard, who had scored only 
six points until the final three-min-
ute stretch, iced the game with two 
more free throws. 

"I had been held down offen-
Sively most of the game and my 
teammates had picked me up," 
Allard said. "We really deserved 
that win, so to be able to come 
through down the stretch and help 
win the game was definitely one of 
my proudest moments in college 
basketball." 

Peters joined Allard and Lawlor 
in double-digit scoring, leading the 
team with a game-high 16 points 
on 4-of- 10 shooting from three-
point range. Allard neared a dou-
ble-double with a team-high nine 
rebounds. Freshman guard Shane 

[ BASKETBALL, page II ] 

Volleyball Falls in First 
Three Matches of Season 

By Paul Chai 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

There was a new head coach, a new 
season, but the same old outcome. 

The UCSD men's voUeyball team 
lost its season opener at home in 
straight sets 24-30, 21-30, 21 -30 to No. 
1 Cal State Long Beach on Jan. 11. 

Though head coach Kevin Ring's 
debut as the Tritons' leader resulted 
in a loss, he saw many positive things 
from his team. 

"Our transition game was all right 
late and in the middle part of the 
game:' Ring said. "I appreciate the 
effort the guys gave. We've seen some 
things we need to work on and I think 
we're playing at a pretty high level 
right now." 

The Tritons came out strong in 
game one, forcing the 4gers to use a 
timeout after a kill by senior opposite 
Chris Sayers brought the early UCSD 
lead to 14- 11 . Sayers led the Tritons 
with 13 kills and redshirt freshman 
middle blocker Tim Dietrich added 
six more on .364 hitting. 

"Our team stepped up and played 
with them the first game," Sayers said. 

UCSD kept their lead until a Long 
Beach kill by Paul Lotman put the 
4gers in front 18-19. The Tritons kept 
it close, but the 4gers managed to 

score six of the last eight to end the 
game 30-24 on a UCSD attack error. 

Game two also started off very 
close, but Long Beach's .429 attack 
percentage during the second game 
was too much for UCSD t6 handle, 
falling 21 -30. The winning point for 
the 4gers was on another Triton mis-
take, this time a service error. 

"A lot of the points that they scored 
tonight were just kind of errors on our 
side:' Ring said. 

From early on in game three, the 
4gers took control with a 3-10 lead. 
A service ace by senior outside hitter 
Jon Daze brought UCSD within four 
points at 16-20, but the team couldn't 
get any closer. The 4gers hit .545 to the 
Tritons .121 to take the game and the 
match 21-30. Senior middle blocker 
Duncan Budinger led the way with 
13 kills for Long Beach on .812 hit-
ting, including the kill that secured 
the win. 

UCSD junior setter Brooks 
Dierdorff had 35 assists and five kills 
on 1.000 hitting. 

"It's all going to run through 
[Dierdorff)." Ring said. "He's our 
setter. He's our main leader on the 
court." 

This was a fairly competitive 

[ VOLLEYBALL, page II 1 

BillY WONG/GUARDIAN 
Senior Chris Sayers led UCSD with 13 kills to go along with his two digs in the Tritons' 
season opener, a straight-set losing effort to top-ranked Cal State Long Beach on Jan. 11 . 

Women's Basketball Tied for First in CCAA After SiXth-Consecutive Victory 

GREC DilLE/GUARDIAN 
The Tritons have seen plenty of bounces go their way during their six-game win streak, 
which has pushed them into a tie with three other teams atop the CCAA standings. 

By Nicky Buchanan 
STAFF WRITER 

It didn't take long for the. UCSD 
women's basketball team to push back 
into gear after winter break, further 
improving its record to 10-2 on the 
season and 5-1 in Califomia Collegiate 
Athletic Association play. 

They remain tied for frrst place 
in league standings with Cal State 
Bakersfield, Chico State and Cal State 
Los Angeles, all of which won on Jan. 
14. The Tritons finished off the week 
with a win on Wednesday over Cal 
State San Bernardino, 65-59, and again 
on Saturday when they dominated Cal 
State Monterey Bay in a whopping 82-
69 contest to continue what is now a 
six-game winning streak. 

So is this merely a run of luck or 
the results of decisive pl.ay? 

"It wasn't luck at all; said fresh-
man Michelle Osier, who helped lead 
the team in scoring against the Otters. 
"Our coach prepares us for each team 
we are about to play and with all the 
talent and hard work each girl brings 
to the team, we are bound to be suc-
cessful." 

Sophomore forward Alexis 

Mezzetta agrees. "We have been able 
to win our last six games by executing 
our game plan each night and out-
working our opponents," she said. 

The game on Jan. 11 was very 
close, but the Tritons managed to 
deliver a win with a heart-stopping 
finish. 

"San Bernadino's defense was hor-
rid and we had the momentum the 
whole time and a comfortable lead, 
but we made a few mistakes at the end 
which happens sometimes," junior 
guard Leora Juster said. 

Down by 11 points with four min-
utes, 45 seconds on the clock, the 
Coyotes gained on the Tritons, coming 
to 63-56. They foUowed with a three-
pointer by Desirae Martinez to bring 
the team within four points. After 
another missed UCSD free throw with 
28 seconds left, Mezzetta ripped the 
ball from the Coyotes for a steal and 
finished with a sweet lay-up and an 
even sweeter win. 

Even the scoreboard must have 
broken a sweat on Saturday with five 
UCSD players scoring in the dou-
ble digits. Juster, who was last wtek's 
CCAA Player of the Week, and Osier 
led the pack with 19 points apiece. 

Freshman forward Meaghan Noud 
contributed 15 points, while junior 
forward Hillary Hansen and sopho-
more forward Briana Hinga added 11 
and lO, respectively. 

Juster revealed her secret to her 
remarkable shooting consistency. 

"It seems like when I'm having an 
off night I still get lots of easy points 
from free-throws and such; she said. 
"I also know that ifl score an adequate 
amount of points, the team is more 
likely to win, so I don't second-guess 
my shots as often as in the past." 

As for the win over CSUMB, she 
said, "We got so many tips and touches 
and steals that they never could get a 
good rhythm going and we got a large 
lead due to our good defense:' 

The Tritons hope they can exe-
cute many of these same strategies in 
their upcoming home games against 
Cal State Dominguez Hills and Cal 
Poly Pomona on Jan. 20 and Jan. 21, 
respectively. Osier said she hopes for a 
good crowd turnout this weekend. 

"We plan on continuing our win-
ning streak," she said. ·UCSD has no 
football team riSht now, so of course 
women's baskdba1I is the next best 
thing." J 


