
JESUS 'RIDES ROUTE 30 ~ OPINION" PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

DI 
www. ucsdguardian. 0 rg THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Dorm 
Searches 

Restricted 
A San Jose court 
ruling binds police 
authority over dorms 
in protection of 
student privacy. 

By Serena Renner 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

Universities can no longer allow 
police officers to search on-campus 
dormitories without warrants under 
a recent court ruling that grants col-
lege students tenant-like protections 
that were previously withheld. 

The appeals case, which re-
appeared recently in the San Jose 
District Court of Appeals, revolved 
around the search and seizure of 
19-year-old Christopher Walker, 
a Santa Clara University student 
charged with possession of mari -
juana for sale after police officers 
collected evidence illegally from his 
dorm room. 

On Oct. IS, 2004, Walker was 
spotted smoking marijuana near 
the residence halls at SCU. After 
being confronted by campus secu-
rity officer Kim Payne, Walker said 
he smoked marijuana for medical 
purposes, then invited Payne to his 
dorm room to present documen-
tation from a medical marijuana 
club. 

While verifying the club cards, 
Payne discovered other supplies 
- such as scissors, miniature cigars 
and an electronic scale - which 
gave him reasonable suspicion to 
search further, the case stated. 

Payne eventually found large 
quantities of marijuana and $1,800 
in cash, which was handed over 
to police officer Tyson Green, who 
arrived at the scene shortly after. 

Before entering, Green asked 
Payne if he had obtained consent 
to search the room. in response, 
Payne confirmed consent but added 
that permission was not necessary 
because Walker had waived his pri-
vacy rights by signing the campus' 
housing .contract. The police then 
entered and seized the evidence. 

The most recent verdict deemed 
the police search unlawful because 
the university did not have suffi-
cient authority over dorms to grant 
third-party consent, but held that 
evidence could be used against the 
defendant - even if acquired ille-
gally -- because police would have 
obtained it from the university any-
way. 

"The case ruled that universities, 
like landlords, don't share occupan-
cy with students living in dormito-
ries, and therefore cannot provide 

[ WAR!.l"NT, page 2 ] 

Housing Renovations Plagued by Problems 

HYDlf CHEUNG/CUARDIAN 
John Muir College's TIoga Hall was renovated over summer to accommodate a record 
numberoffreshmen, but hasfacedfurniture shortages and bathroom problems. 

By Christina Homer 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

The record-breaking 4.290 fresh-
men living on campus this year are 
settling into their somewhat-cramped 
housing situations amid complaints of 
a poorly planned redesign and lack of 
furniture, especially in overenrolled 
John Muir College and Sixth College. 

According to Director of UCSD 
Housing and Dining Services Mark 
P. Cunningham. there are 735 triple 
bedrooms across the campus this year, 
compared to only 22 triples last year. 

At Muir, Tioga Hall underwent 
a major renovation over summer to 
accomodate the large freshmen class. 
including bathroom renovations 
and new paint. carpet and furniture, 
according to Cunningham. 

"It's a long list, but it was our 
typical level of work for a major reno-
vation:' Cunningham stated in an e-
mail. 

However, some Muir students liv-
ing in the newly remodeled Tioga 
Hall are questioning the dorms' rede-
sign. Meg Gullo, a house adviser in 
the hall. has compiled a list of the 
most common student complaints 
and submitted it to Cunningham and 
other administration. 

In her letter, Gullo complained 
about the lack of shower-changing 
rooms and towel hooks that are too 

Space Race Hits Price Center Plaza 
New policy limits 
number of student 
org tables in PC 
plaza, forcing them to 
compete for space. 

By Justin P. Williams 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

A new Price Center tabling pol-
icy, which aims to curb the massive 
crowding of the plaza seen in the 
first few weeks of the quarter, sec-
tions off 12 8-foot by 8-foot spaces, 
rather than allowing student orga-
nizations to set up anywhere on a 
first -come, fust -served basis. 

The newly asSigned areas filled 
quickly this fall, often before 5 a.m., 
leaving several organizations with-
out space to advertise. 

[n ·the past, organizations have 
showed up as early as 4 a.m. to 
compete for limited space and patio 
furniture. Any open area in the 
plaza, including directly in front of 
the fountain , box office and UCSD 
Bookstore, became an advertising 
area for the organizations, con-
sisting mostly of fraternities and 
sororities recruiting for their rush 
periods. Large Greek letters, some 
as tall as 12 feet, were placed on 
Price Center lawn and elsewhere 
around the plaza; stereos compet-

ARASH KESHMIRIAN/CUARDIAN 
University Centers has introduced a new tabling policy in Price Center plaza in an effort to 
relieve crowding, adhere to fire codes and limit the presence of student organizations. 
ed for airspace and fliers detailing 
rush events littered the ground. 

The new policy surprised most 
organizations arriving during rush 
period to set up tables. Blue tape 
and numbers marked off the new 
areas, with some areas reserved 
and some left open. Several orga-
nizations were unable to set up due 
to lack of space and a policy that 
bans the use of Price Center furni -
ture for events. During rush week, 
organizations resorted to several 
impromptu methods to deal with 
the new policy. including moving 
the tape and camping out over-
night. 

"The first three days [of rush) 
were bumpy; said John Payne, the 

scheduling and event services man-
ager for University Centers. 

Payne decided to implement the 
new policy to adhere to fire codes 
and address complaints from Price 
Center customers about the lack of 
space and furniture. The specified 
areas should also curb the tendel)cy 
for organizations to construct huge 
displays, taking up even more valu-
able space, Payne said .. 

"We allow it to be a free-for-all 
as a courtesy," Payne said. Although 
the new policy does dictate the 
location and amount of space avail-
able, rush week tabling will con-
tinue to be reservation-free. 

[SOLO, page 3] 

far to reach from the shower. 
[n addition, the showers are much 

smaller - making showering uncom-
fortable for larger residents - and the 
fiberglass shells of the showers have 
begun to crack in some bathrooms. 

"When they made all the decisions 
on the renovations, it was, too late to 
convene a student panel:' Gullo said. 

Cunningham admjtted that he ha 
received complaints regarding Tioga, 
indicating that "the functionality of 
some of the remodeled space and 
some of the new furniture would 
describe a large portion of the con-
cerns which were brought to me and 
the need for more student involve-
ment in the renovation process." He 
said that he would be working with 
the Muir College Residents Council 
to address the problems. 

Gullo also said that the lack of 
drainage in the bathrooms causes slip-
pery floors, and only having one toilet 
paper ill penser in each stall leads to 
toilet paper shortages, especially on 
the weekends. 

"The bathrooms are one of the 
biggest problems:' Gullo said. 

Four weeks into the quarter, furni-
ture for Muir's converted triple rooms 
is still trickling in, but Cunningham 
blamed the furniture prOvider, which 
broke a contract with the university. 

[ TIOGA, page 7 J 

STUDENT 
FOUND 

DEAD IN CAR 
By Matthew McArdle 

NEWS EDITOR 

The body of a UCSD student was 
found in a parked car on Gilman 
Drive last week in an apparent sui-
cide, according to the San Diego 
Police Department. 

The county Medical Examiner's 
Office identified the student as 
Samuel Nahm, a 26-year-old 
Thurgood Marshall College junior 
from Los Angeles. 

Nahm's body was found on Oct. 
13 in the driver's seat of a white 1995 
Mitsubishi Mirage by two pedestri-
ans on Gilman Drive and Evening 
Way, about half a mile away . from 
campus, according to SDPD homi -
cide division Sgt. Pete Morales. 

The seat was reclined, Morales 
said. Because the pedestrians could 
not tell if something was wrong, 
they called the police. 

Although Morales said he did 
not see any signs of foul play at the 
scene, he said police had not ruled 
out any possibilities and indicated 
the death could also be the result of 

[ DEATH, page 21 

----------~-----------., i::ried Treasure lit ;;~ Pass INSIDE WEATHER New Business ......................... 3 
Geisel's basement offers music, movies liJf~ Women's soccer clinches playoff berth by 
more for procrastinating patrons. ~ walloping Cal State Bakersfield 5-0. 
~8 ~~ 

Editorials .................................. 4 
Album Reviews .................... .. 8 
Druthers .............................. .. 11 
Classifieds ............................. 12 
Crossword ............................. 12 

Oct. 19 Oct. 20 
H76 LS4 H76LS7 

Oct. 21 Oct. 22 
H76 LS7 HnLS7 



2 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

PEEPS B y J ENNIfER HSU 
~ev I-IAII, I1IW'S $1'111)'(1 ... (. l ~'/~ 'tlI8II tMW ~ YO\IIlIlOOkIS

A T 
) 

f'OIl 'IO~ " ~aI""D VorJ ... LIIiIINIo C/ 
..... \ 

c.. 

kd ) r--~i1 ~~iJ 
Lawyer: Authorities Need 

Concrete Evidence to Knock 
~ WARRANT, from page 1 
the right for police to enter; UCSD 
Student Legal Services Director 
and attorney Elyce C. Morris said. 

This is good news for students, 
according . to Morris, because it 
overturns past judicial motions that 
had placed all Fourth Amendment 
authority in the hands of universi-
ties. 

The question of dorm searches 
is relatively undocumented, with 
the only California precedent, 
People v. Kelly, dating back to. 1961. 
In that ruling, the jury granted the 
university sole control over occu-
pancy, use and investigation of 
dorm rooms, placing considerable 
reliance upon housing rules. 

Instead of upholding the 45-
year-old deciSion, Walker's case 
gave precedence to more recent 
rulings that have promoted a uni-
versily·student relationship clos-
er to landlord-tenant contracts, 
Judge Richard J. McAdams stated 
at the end of the report. 

"Society and the cou rts have 
progressed from a view of college 
officials as substitute parents .. . to 
a contemporary view of the uni-
versity as an educational commu -
nity of adults:' McAdams stated. 

While the co urt decisio n 
strengthens student privacy rights, 
Morris said , it ignores another 
issue - "apparent authority." The 
term refers to someone else's per· 
ception that a person has the right 
to act based on legitimate author· 
ity, as was the ca e with Payne. 

" It's an interestingly written 
decision in that they deliberately 
sidestep answering the big ques· 
ti on lof apparent authority]:' 
Morris said. "Unti l they answer 
that , police officers still may say, 
'Well , we reasonably believed that 
secu rity officers had the apparent 
authori ty to give us consent to 
enter.'" 

While the written case leaves 

this query pending, McAdams 
added a "dicta:' or formal opin-
ion, at the end of the document 
that doubted the campus officer's 
apparent authority. Morris called 
the addition "enlightening." 

The case also poses implica-
tions for the way resident security 
officers regulate dorms, according 
to Morris. 

She said that as far as she is 
aware, RSOs currently lack a carn-
puswide method for enforcement 
- which may yield inconsistent 
responses. She also stressed the 
need for specific, clear reasons to 
attempt entry into a dorm room. 

"[RSOs] don't know what's hap-
p'ening behind the door unless 
they enter, or unless they have x-
ray vision," Morris said. "We don't 
live in the world of science fiction, 
right? If there's a door and you 
can't see behind and you have no 
right to open, then one could argue 
that the only reason you should 
be trying to enter is if you believe 
there is something wrong." 

She added that students should 
be able to refuse to open their 
door for law enforcement, unless 
officers have a warrant, or if some 
other exception exists. 

Morris said that she hopes that 
the ruling will lead to discussion 
about UCSD's student privacy 
policies and the training of resi -
dential life staff, security officers 
and police officers to interact with 
each other in a consistent manner 
to better uphold student rights, 
which should not be ignored. 

"[Students] are here and [they] 
should be comfortable in [their] 
homes," Morris said. "You don't 
leave your rights on the street when 
you walk onto this campus as a stu -
dent. I think it's about time that the 
law catches up with reality." 

Readers can contact Serena Renner 
at srenner@ucsd.edu. 

Mental Health Services 
Available, Admin Says 
~ DEATH, from page 1 
an accident or a homicide. 

"We're waiting for an au topsy to 
be performed by the medical exam· 

. iner:' Morales said. 
Morales said that he did not 

know when the autopsy wou ld be 
completed . 

This was Nahm's first quarter at 
UCSD, Marshall Dean of Student 
Affairs Ashanti Hands said. 

Marshall will provide support 
services for students who knew 
Nahm, according to Hands. But she 
said that Marshall did not have any 
direct community to target because 
Nahm was a new student, a com· 
muter and had no known involve· 
ment with any college organiza-

t ions. 
"Physically, we'll let the com-

m un ity dictate to us what the needs 
are," Hands said. -' 

Hands said that Q{n ·aampus 
mental health services arc it\) tlable 
for students and encouraged stu-
dents to utilize them. . 

She also said peers of students 
experiencing mental health prob-
lems should encourage their friends 
to seek counseling. 

"We're certainly grieving and 
saddened," Hands said. "We missed 
an opportunity to connect with a 
person with such great potentiaL" 

Readers can contact Matthew McArdle 
at matt.mcardJe@gmaiLcom. 

Looking for the crossword? 
Find today's puzzle along with its solution online at: 

www.ucsdguardian.org 

August 19-Novernber 12, 2006 

Featuring more than 80 works in a variety of media by the 
renowned Chilean-born Surrealist Matta and the pioneering 
urban conceptualist Gordon Matta-Clark, this ground breaking 
exhibition is the first to fully explore the father and son artists 
side-by-side to reveal the lasting impact each had on the 
development of 20th-century art. • 

Brll1C] III thiS ild ill1d r0~PIV(, 0110 fn'(' .lrilllls C ,Ior1 
With the pllrcl13se of one Zlriliit ,1cfmISSI0I1 

Ottel expires Noveillber 12. 200() 

This exhibition is organized by the San Diego Museum of Art and Is made possible by 
the generous support of the Andy Wwhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, the National 
Endowment for the Arts, the Graham Foundation for Advanced Studies in the Fine Arts, 
and the LEF Foundation. 

THURSDAY. OCTOBER 19. 2006 

Andrew Nguyen 
Charles Nguyen 

~fdltGn 

Hadley Mendoza 
Neda Orelzy 

Copy &lioii 

Manhew McArdle News EcIIor 

Matthew l'H~reux AIIIIdIIt News 
Serena .Kenner EcIlon 

Nilhan Mllclos ~EdiIar 
NIIiIbi Narlahl ~0piII0n ..... 
Danai lelnlftr SporII fdtIIr 

Nid<ylludlanan "-dIll SplItt f.dIIor 
HannaCimp focusfdllr 

Matthew leavitt ~r-£diIor 
Simone Wilson .... EdiIar 

JiaGu AnecIIIt ........... 

Arash Keshmirian lllaetlillllr 
Richard Chol .,..,..NIIDr 
Jennifer HMI Alt NllDr 

Mich~11e lee. N..'% '=hi, Wendy Sltieu, 
Simone W.lsOl\, Michael Wu, Kathleen Yip 

Nini 8ui, Th'!r.=' Su.." Kim, 
Will Unton: lCe¥in Wolfman 

Anna Candom GeIoeraI ....... 
Michael Foulks AAhIIIIIIs ~ 
Mike Marrinez ~ Art Difec:t .. 

JimmyKan NeIooIirit~ 
Josh Rose ww.-. 

SIMnt -"'Monopr 
Tiffany Nguyon 

.... AoIIoIooob 
0Inie4 KiI 

!Wft<III_ .,..... ...... 
Georg. Chon. lautIl'aIt 

~ ... 
TesSl8uchinl leo Ko, Ciry Porter 

The UCSD GUirdian is published MondiYs 
and Thursdays during the audemic year by 
UCSD students and for the UCSD community. 
ReproduC1ion of this newspi~r in any (orm • 
whether in whole or in put, without permission 
is sirictly prohibil'ed. e 2006, all rights reserved. 
The UCSD Guardian is nOi responsibte (or 'he 
return of unsolicited manusolpts or art. The 
views eKpressed herein do not necessarily rep· 
resent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, Ihe 
University 0 California or Associated Students. 
The UCSD CUilrdian is funded solely byadver· 
tising. Somebody already did. 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org 

News: _SlH226, news ,eucsdKlJ,Jrd~n.Ofg 
Focus: 1158-534-5226, le., ... S@UCS0suWiiJI.org 
Hiatus: &S8-S34-6S83, h~lus8ucsd81U1d;~n.0f8 

~'on: _~ opmion@ucidBu.rdion.OfB lis: _~ SJXXIS8u<;sd,u.rdW..Otg t<. 3511-~ p/>oro@uad,wnliill.Otg 
Advertising: 858-534-3466 

ads@ucsdguardian.org 
Fax: 858-534-7691 

Random Dance series 
presents' Ataxia, choreo-
graphed by Wayne 
McGregor, a performance 
that challenges the very 
fabric of collaboration by 
drawing from the diverse 
worlds of neuroscience, 
composition, psychology 
and design:Sat. Oct. 21, 
8pm at Mandeville 
Auditorium 

The Cald.r Quartet 
, combjnes the best of 
t raditional and avant-
garde chamber music, 

Sun.Od.22, 
2pm at Mandeville 

Auditorium 

THURSDAV, OCTOBER 19,2006 

Racers Vital to Prospect 
of Khanna Car Wash 

The Chancellor's Challenge responded to Rodriguez-Palacios 5K Run/Walk for Scholars without hesitation. was the recurring discu sion "This time all of our expenses are 
topic at a council meeting very remi- transparent and we are turning in all 
niscent of elementary school hijinks of our receipts:' Pham said. 
- councilrnembers joked about A.S. Dellomes reaffirmed her mother· 
President Harry Khanna's deal with ly council position with a reprimand 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox, where of proper etiquette during the ques-
he would wash her car if a sufficient tion segment. 
number of students did not register " I ask the council to use discre-
for the walk. tion when asking questions because 

"I will be wearing a bathing suit;' certain things like this are inappro· 
Khanna offered. priate," said 

During the Dellomes. 
reports seg- N ew Though no 
me nt, Eleanor one said it out-
Roosevelt College B s· ess right, Dellomes' 

. Senior Senator U I n comments were 
Erik Rodriguez- er poignant in 

hl~os v~ized p.feytser.jr@gmail.com lightofapub-s opPOsItion to lic input visit 
building a bookstore annex on the from former Vice President External 
north side of campus for Eleanor Kevin Mann, who resigned from 
Roosevelt College and future transfer Pham's same office last year. 
housing residents. "( respectfully disagree, but take 

"I think that space could be used your comments into consideration;' 
for better purposes," Rodriguez- Rodriguez-Palacios said. 
Palacios said. Thurgood Marshall Junior 

However, chitchat quickly bogged Senator Kyle Samia was quick to 
down the discussion. change the topic and mood of the 

"Can we keep the ide chatter to council discussion, bringing up last 
a minimum?" said Vice President week's introduction of the fairly triv· 
Internal ,&nine Dellomes for the ial "question time." 
fourth time. " I like question time," Samia 

As newly appointed vice president said . "But no one's taking it seri o 
external, Long Pham faced ques- ously." 
tions from Rodriguez-Palacios due Another councilmember 
to the previous scandals concerning directed a question toward Khanna 
the fortner vice president externals' in reference to his deal with the 
alleged misuse of student funds. chancellor, asking where the funds 

"One of the former vice presi- would come from to buy the car 
dent externals purchased something wash supplies. 
for themselves and the other one "The chancellor would provide 
bought stuff for his girlfriend," said the car wash supplies;' Khanna said. 
Rodriguez· Palacios. "How will this "The bathing suit would be self-pro-
[vice president external] show that vided:' 
he is not going to abuse student With that double-edged sword 
fees? " (and mental image) in the council's 

Pham stood and solemnly minds, the meeting was adjourned. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Students 
Camp Out 

for PC Spots 
• SOLO, fro m page 1 

The normal policy during any 
given week allows for five spots in 
the plaza to be reserved, but the 
rule has never been enforced during 
the high -demand periods. The few 
spots that were reserved this quarter 
were left open to organizations that 
had reserved spots during spring 
quarter, before the new rush -period 
policy was created. 

"I don't like the free for all. ... 
There is no security lovernightl 
out there ... [and] it's just not safe; 

tu4ent Organization Leadership 
Office Greek Organization Adviser 
Jennifer R. Johnson said. 

Payne added that he has no prob-
lem with students camping out for 
spots, as long as it doesn't interfere 
with scheduled events and mainte-
nance. 

The new policy will also be in 
effect dvring the spring rush periods, 
and the spaces will be open to the 
organizations that gct to them first. 
Payne said the policy is better for 
everyone, and that he "admires the 
competition" among organizations 
for the limited space. 

Although there are enough spaces 
for the traditional Greek organizations 
to set up. several organizations unafm-
iated with the Interfraternity Council 
or Panhellenic Association, such as 
preprofessional fraternities or cultur-
ally focused organizations, also use the 
Price Center for their rushes. These 
organizations participate in a rush 
period that stretches over two weeks, 
which makes space scarce, especially 
during Price Center performances and 
the quarterly vendor fair. 

Readers can contact Justin P. Williams 
at justin.p.williams@gmail.com. 

- 13 r;-)O ~ •• I v ~ -t 12 f. ', ~ ~J 911 ~ ~ 
The Best Career You Never Heard Of ••• 
Are you ••• 

Thinking about graduation - but stiI unsure wha1 you want to be? 
• Eager to gcin skiMs !hat are very nut. in demond? 

Wooied you'll get studt in the kiIcI of job you wenlto colege 10 avoid? 
IDflC MI •• , •• fII. Answ.r 
c... EM 5poIsored by SDSU YIadiaIaI TecIIdagy Dept. 
W_.sday Oct. 25 • 10AM •• at SDSU Casa Real 

NEWS 3 

Cars THill. 10119 alii SAnOm 
IxXIIJstB' ftns il tM Pri:e Center lheatre. Two at 6 & SlID 

~GuARo~ READ UCSD 
Mondays & Thursdays 

$8.16/ hour 
6-15 hours/week 
apps due by Oct 
at 11 :OOAM! 

Join lIS on the SDSU campus 01 (oso Reol in Aztec (enler far 
munchies & leorn about a career you've probably never heard of 
- edtKoIionalledmo!ogyl Juniors & seniors with rnojon in ANY 
field, come meet representotives from organizations !hot rely on 
the skilk of educational technologisl5. Let them Iell you abaut the 
demand for creative prafessionals in: 

(Be a 
• training ' • instrudionoI design • software development 
• cllllllllUllicolions • project management • perfonncm improvement 
• muhimedio • alSlarKe learning • and more ... 
EDTE( professon & grads will be on hand to tolk to you abaut the: 
• EDTK MA degree 
• Certificole programs in Instructional Technology, Instructional 

Software Design, and Advanced Distance Education 

More Info: 
edtec.sdsu.edu 
619.594.6718 
SI YiIIDI ,.. in 5ndur. , MlIIIII""_ 
AllIe C. 0 c.IIgIAw 

, . 

. 



4 THE~GUARDIAN :: out. low-interest microloans loans to his 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Nathan Miklos 
opillion@ucsdguardiarl.org OPINION ~ 

Props to Mohammed Yunus, the Nobel 
Prize-winning Bangladeshi who gives 

natIon's poor. 

online gambling and to the president .4 
Flops to Congress for trying to ban ~ 

for promising to sign the bill . 

EDITORIALS 
Administrator's Losing 

Battle With Alcohol 
Once again, student leaders found them-selves beguiled of a potentially enrich-ing and alcohol-related event_ The story 
of this Fr id ay's A.S. 
Programming-hosted eve n t 
- a revival of its "Thank God 
It's Friday" concerts - te lls 
like every other story, with the 
same charac,ters doing the sa me 
thing. [n th is instance, a s tu-
dent affairs policy bars the p ro-
gramming office from adver-
ti ing the presence of alcoho l. 

conce rt. 
But here we are, with thi s 

Friday's "Bear G arden ." T he 
play on "beer" is a produc t of 
the stude nt affairs office's rigid -
ity on alcohol. A beer garden 
will b e present, but the un ive r-
sity is ha nd icapp ing the event 
by ba rring advert isement of 
alcoho l. 

The rule even p-.................... ~ 
restricts state-
men ts suggest-
ing the pres-
ence of alcoho l. 

To deal with 
the un iversity's 
archaic stance 

The mes -
sage from Vice 

TAPS UNDER WRAPS 
• University needs to 
revamp alcohol policy for 
better event turnout. 

o n a lcohol , 
a lo ng with 

C han ce l l o r L-_________ ---' 
it s duplicity 
b etween speech 
and action , 

of _ tudent Affai rs Joseph w. 
Watson, however, seems to run 
counter to his own po licy. Two 
years ago, Watson nixed a pro -
posal for a Sun God beer gar-
den. He glossed over the deci-
sion by stating that he would 
permit gardens at eve nts less 
alcohol -driven than the annual 

students are forced to tiptoe 
around the policy. And , like 
children , they'll play Scrabble 
with "b eer" to have it . 

Gam es aside, the universi-
ty should recognize its losing 
battle with alcohol; a regulated , 
scrutinized new policy on it is 
better then hollow defenses. 

Ease of Use Decides if 
r &PS Ideas Sink or Swim 
W hat if you could drive a car to school without paying for a parking permit? What if you didn't have to pay for car 
insurance, vehicle m aintenance 
or even gas? You(! probably ask: 
What's the catch? 

If you're a UCSO student, 
staff member or faculty mem-
ber, there isn't one. Through the 
program, UCSO affLiiates who 
do not purchase parking permits 
can rent a Flex Car for a free six 
hours per month, paying a small 
hourly fee after that. And as part 
of a test program at II universi-
ties nationwide, 

to convince at least a handful of 
commuters to hop the far side 
of Interstate 5 (or hop on one 
of the shuttles that run between 
the lots and the main campus) . 

Unfortunately, poor imple-
mentation may run both of these 
ideas into the ground, or at least 
keep them from flourishing the 
way they should. 

The $4 monthly discount on 
permits for the East Campus 

isn' t nearly 

HALF·MEASURES 
students between 
the ages of 18 
and 2 1 are able 
to rent the cars 
at a discounted 
hourly rate, after 
paying a refund-
able deposit. It's 

enough to con-
vince anyone to 

..... --------~ park in UCSO's 
• The pennIt-disoount and hinterland. And 
Flex Car Idus are pod, while the Flex 
but they wRI fall wfthout Car Web site 
proper support. flaunts its pilot 

as good a program as can be 
expected, and it may even con-
vince some first- and second-
year students to leave their cars 
at home. 

UCSO 's Parking and 
Transportation Services also 
offers a discounted permit that 
is valid only in the underutilized 
lots in East Campus. It's a good 
idea, and the lower costs ought 

program for 
18- to 21-year-olds at UCSD, 
the T&PS Web site is mysteri-
ously silent on the subject. How 
are undergrads supposed to 
use a program they don't know 
about? 

The discounted permits and 
the Flex Car program are good 
ideas, but they will never see the 
success of the wildly popular 
Cityshuttle because thus far they 

THE .~. GUARPIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Heather Welles 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
Matthew McArdle 

N EWS ED ITOR 
Nathan Milllos 

Andrew Nguyen 
M ANAG ING EDITOR 

Charles Nguyen 
M AN AGING EDITOR OPINI ON EDITOR 

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week al the Unive r ity of 
Californ ia at San Diego. Contenls e 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the majority vote of th e editoria l board and are not necessarily those of the 
UC Board of Regent , the ASUCSD or the membe rs of the Guardian staff. 

j f I I I •• 1'1 I I I If ' 
, • ~ j , , • • f 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Priscilla Lazaro 

· . 

· . 

prince .. , sh. . . . ou.te{ have . " no oth ~r ... 
aDject.. " than war . . . Keep.s :born princ.es 
in.. . .. pt1. .. ac.~?? 

· . 

Badda-bing! Lessons on Charity From 
a Public Transportation Prophet 

I was on a bus last week, con-templating th e smudges on the window and otherwise mind-
ing my own business, when 1 ran 
straight into Jesus. He was wander-
ing around the front of the bus, mut-
tering to himself, dressed in a surgi-
cal scrub top with a blue and green 
sarong wrapped around his legs. 

Now, 1 know what you're thinking. 
Jesus doesn't wear 

the kook asked. He was looking 
straight at me. 

I was unnerved by how dose his 
guess was. 

"San Jose;' I said. 
"Where's thaH" 
"It's about 30 miles south of San 

Francisco." 
"Do you like baseball?" he 

asked. 

surgical scrubs or -~--C~h~I.C~ke-n-
a sarong. The real 
Jesus has flowing 
white robes and ~ Scratch 

. . Id ~ ~a~aJ~u\~~ ~: ~ Nathan Miklos 
always holds one - nmiklos@ucsd .ed.u 
hand slightly aloft 

"I guess so," 
1 said . "Why do 
you ask?" 

" I like base-
ball;' the kook 
said . "1 knew a 
baseball player 
once. His name 
was Ted Williams. 

as if he's perpetually 
flagging down a waitress. 

Well, this Jesus didn't have any of 
these things, so even I was skeptical 
of him. He rooked and acted like a 
man with serious mental or emo-
tional problems. In fact, I thought he 
was a kook, at first . 

"I'm ... I need to see a doctor; he 
was muttering. "I don't feel very good. 
1 need to see a doctor, p[ease." 

The bus driver kept one eye on the 
road and one eye on the kook. 

"Hey. man." the driver said with 
conciliation, "Why don't you sit 
down, take it easy, huh? We'll get it 
fIXed up in a bit." 

The kook looked around as if he 
were lost, then nodded and surveyed 
Ihe bus .. I didn't avoid eye contact, but 
I didn't go out of my way to make it, 
eith~r. Did he need help? Was he a 
sociopath? It was hard to teU. 

He shuffled down the aisle and 
sat down in the empty seat across 
the aisle from me. 

Great. 
~Badda -bing, badda-boom," the 

kook babbled to himself, start-
ing straight ahead. "The bus goes. 
The bus stops. Doors open. People 
disembark. The bus starts again . 
Vroom." 

He reminded me of Dustin 
Hoffman in "Rainman." I tried to 
remember what condition his char-
acter had: Was it Parkinson's? 

~ Badda-bing, badda-boom," the 
kook said matter-of-factly, still star-
ing straight ahead. "The bus stops, 
the doors open. Badda-bing, badda-
boom." 

Autism, I remembered. It was 
definitely autism. Definitely. 

"Are you from an Francisco?" 

You 'ever hear of 
Ted Williams?" 

"Honestly, I don't know that 
much; I said . "I played ball when I 
was a kid , but that's about it." 

"You ever see 'Taxi Driver'? You 
know, De Niro?" 

,~ contemplating 
the smudges on 
the window and 

otherwise minding 
my own business, 

when I ran straight 
into Jesus?' 

I shook my head, and Jesus 
became confrontational. 

"You talkin' to me?" he demand-
ed. "You talkin' to me? I don't see no 
one else here, you must be talkin' 
to me.m 

I laughed. "I've heard the line, 
I've just never seen the movie." 

· You should watch it. You'd like 
it. Scorsese." . 

The kook looked around suspi-
ciously then leaned over as if he had 
some great secret to tell me. 

"My name is Jesus Christ, 
Extrr~ordjnaire." he confided. 
"Badda-bing. badda-boom." 

"I'm Nathan ." I said, shaking his 
hand . "Are YOll feeling all right? You 

were asking for a doctor, earlier .. . " 
"I feel better now;' Jesus said. 
"You sure?" 
"Sure. I'd tell you if I didn't." 
We sat in silence, looking around 

at the other people on the bus. I 
was sitting on a bus next to Jesus. It 
made me curious. 

"So ... who are you? What do 
you do?" 

"This is what I do." Jesus said. 
"This is my job." 

"The pay can't be very good ." 
"The pay is terrible; Jesus 

lamented. "I only get what people 
give me. And they don't usually 
give a whole lot. Hey, can I have a 
dollar?" 

He went in a ci[c1e from person 
to person, asking for a dollar from 
each of them. They glared at him 
skeptically or ignored him outright. 
When Jesus came to man with a 
briefcase and necktie, he stopped 
and grinned. 

"I know you have a dollar," he 
said, winking. "I' ll bet you have sev-
eral dollars." 

The man with a briefcase rolled 
his eyes and looked out the win -
dow. . 

"It's OK, you don't have to give 
me anything," Jesus told him. · You 
don't even have to say anything, or 
even look me in the eye. You don't 
have to acknowledge I exist." 

Jesus became philosophical. 
"You know, Nathan - it was 

Nathan, right? When 1 got on the 
bus, I looked around at all the peo-
ple, and I knew that some of them J 
would talk to me, and some of them 
wouldn't. I knew [ could talk to 
you, and that you would talk to me. 
We're following the same impulse, 
you know?" 

It seemed wise to nod. 
"But you," - and here Jesus 

turned scornfully back to Mr: 
Briefcase - "I knew you wouldn't 
talk to me. And it's not just because 
you have a tie and a briefcase. You 
think I'm crazy, but also - you're 
jealous. It makes you angry that [ 
can sit here in my crazy clothes and 
say whatever I want, while you have 
to sit there in silence, because that's 
who you are. It makes you really 
angry that I'm telling the whole bus 
about it, too. I'll tell you what: You 
can keep your dollar. I don't want 
it anyway." 

, [ SCRATCH, page 6 1 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Coming Up Next: Shallow, Biased News! 
With the focus on 
ratings and political 
slant, television news 
just isn't what it used 
to be. 

Jim Shen 
CONTRIBUTING WRI TER 

What do rusted nails , McDonald's 
hamburgers and modern television 
news have in common? They are all 
trash that is hazardous to human 
health . While the first two threaten 
physical health, the garbage spewed 
by television news insidiously works 
to corrupt society's capacity for inde-
pendent thinking. In pandering to 
political ideologies on the left and 
right and the quest for ratings, tele-
vision news has lost its journalistic 
credibility, mutating into mass enter-
tainment that passes itself off as intel-
lectual programming. 

With the polarization of American 
politics over the last two decades, 
television news has become little 
more than the ideological mouth-
piece for both left- and right-wing 
movements. 

Fox News, the leading cable news 
outlet, is at the forefront of media bias 
with its conservative-slanting news 
coverage. Many of the anchors on 
Fox News programs have a history of 
making unsubstantiated statements 
that espouse conservative views 
while denigrating the left. For exam-
ple, John Gibson, host of Fox News 
program the "Big Story." claimed on 
his program that "bin Laden told us 
today that our far left has been work-
ing for him ." 

Even more diSingenuously, Fox 
News has misreported and misla-
beled news items in a fashion that 
would have benefited conservative 
interests had they been true. On 
March 23, 2003, Fox News reported 

that coalition force had discovered 
a "huge chemical weapons factory" 
in Iraq when no such discovery had 
been made. More recently, on Oct. 3, 
2006, the network mislabeled former 
Republican congressman Mark Foley 
as a Democrat during "The O'Reilly 
Factor." While there is no evidence 
that. Fox News ran these misrepre-
sentations of reality on purpose, it is 
interesting that both misrepresenta-
tions benefitted the right side of the 
aisle. 

In a mirror image of Fox News. 

~ 
elevision news has 

6ecome little more 
than the ideological 
mouthpiece for both 
left- and right-wing 

movements." 

other networks such as CNN, ABC 
and CBS report in favor of the left, 
conducting their own false report-
ing and misrepresentations. In 1998, 
CNN ran a feature suggesting that 
Operation Tailwind, a u.s. incursion 
into Laos during the Vietnam War, 
was an operation to kill U.S. defec-
tors with nerve gas. Investigations 
later revealed that CNN had used 
testimony from a retired admiralliv-
ing in assisted care and selectively 
edited quotes from other sources to 
support its claims. On Sept. 8, 2004, 
CBS used allegedly forged documents 
in an attack on President George W. 
Bush's National Guard service. In an 
internal e-mail, ABC political direc-
tor Mark Halperin suggested that 
reporters should not "reflexively and 

artificially hold both sides 'equally' 
accountable." 

While the cases above are obvi -
0us�y extreme examples of misre-
porting, they point toward a general 
trend of media bias. in a study con-
dueled by Stephen Farnsworth and 
S. Robert Lichter, published in their 
book "The Nightly News Nightmare: 
How Television Portrays Presidential 
Elections." Fox News favored Bush 
while ABC, CBS and NBC favored 
Democratic candidate Sen. John 
Kerry (O-Mass.) in their 2004 elec-
tion coverage. These biases directly 
influence the quality of the programs 
run on the television news channels, 
which are little more than rhetorical 
harangues by one side against the 
other. While these programs are sold 
as intellectual debate, they are in truth 
little more than entertainment. 

With the competition between 
televisioh news channels for viewers 
and ratings, each side struggles to 
one-up the other with coverage of 
breaking news and sensational sto-
ries. While this would be beneficial 
to propagating information about 
important events in a limited context, 
the current incarnation of television 
news grasps at the tiniest of events 
in an effort to gain an edge over their 
competitors. 

In coverage of the recent death 
of New York Yankees' pitcher Cory 
Lidle, major networks ran footage 
of the same burning building inter-
posed with talking heads for many 
minutes without any change in the 
situation. Similar ·coverage" occurs 
for other breaking stories, and it 
merely amounts to the network 
announcing that something is hap-
pening and that they have no due as 
to what is going on other than what 
is visible on the screen. 

Additionally, television news 
wastes time covering events that have 

[ TV, page 6 I 

OPIN ION 5 

...----------------- r-: - - - - - - -I 
tBrazi lia. $l\}n e,a.re I 1 

Facials· Waxing. La.n Hair Rnn"",,1 ~ I I 
i!! I IS 08' fttunI clien.. , 

UTe ~ 1- - - - - - - - , 
4S45 La JoUa Villace Dr. til l 

(Ste."" fI-""" N"iJfrI""'j ~ I I 
San Diego, CA 92122 ~ , 

iii , .5 08' fttunI cIim.. I 
ONLINE BOOKINGS 11- - - - - - --, 

AVAILABLE '3 1 , 
www.braziliaskincart.com J 

ii i I 

BEFOM-with crowding 

• Orthodontics 
• Clear and "Remowble" Braces 
• Ungual (behind the teeth) 
• General and Cosmetic Dentistry 

Straight teeth in 2 ~ with ~ 
• Oral Surgery & Implants 
• TMJ Dysfunction 

1-HOUR IN-OFFICE 
TEETH WHITENING 
willi v.lid student 10 

Call today for)Que FREE orthodontic 
consultation and lam about the tat .. t t<chniqu<s. 

, __ 1S.!fF!!"!:. ~'!.. _, 

AfTER-sbc months latef 

W! also offer 

invisalign 
Strolght _ no_HI 

InYiglign 

""--Df.Goofgo Goofgokli. 
Iorhl. 
_Iso 
ond hi. 
ranked t-.lm 
omongth< 

top S~ In 
the nation. 

Dental Associates of La 'oOa 8581552-8620 ® WEW8EJl OF TIff AMElICAN OImIODONTIC SOCIETY, ADA. CDA AND SDCDS 4510 ERcuti .. Dri ... SuJt. l06 (near Uni ..... ityThwn. Centre) www.drgeorgedds.com 
( c I c h r .\ t i /I!: l h \ C .\ r' (l I ., ,\ Ii, Ii c d P ,t lie n I , 



6 OPINION THE UCSD GUARDI .... N THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 

Sensationalism Alive and 
Kicking on Cable TV News 

Highway Jesus Gives a Sermon on the Bus 
• TV, from page 5 
little relevance to the nation at large. 
Every time a physically attractive, rela-
tively young white female goe miss-
ing, national television descends upon 
the case like a pack of vultures. Even 
though there is very little or no infor-
mation on possible suspects, motives 
or other circumstances of these cases, 
there are hourly updates on the 
unchanging situation. 

This sort of worthless cover-
age characterized the sensationalism 
surrounding Elizabeth Smart, Laci 
Peterson, Natalee HoUoway and vari-
ous other cases. "Vhile the kidnappings 
and deaths of these women are cer-
tainly unfortunate and reprehensible, 
a sensational kidnapping generates 

television coverage greater than that 
devoted to national and global issues 
such as federal elections or the war in 
Iraq. These stories, especiaUy in the 
case of murders with a suspect on trial, 
such a the Scott Peter on trial, simply 
do not deserve the amount of time 
and effort that television new spends 
in order to provide around-the-clock 
updates. 

Modern television news is a dis-
grace to the ideals of professional, 
objective journalism upheld by the 
titans of broadcast journalism such as 
Edward R. Murrow. Today's television 
anchors spit on their profession. There 
is nothing objective or professional in 
providing biased and sensational news 
coverage. 

JEAN-PHILIPPE SALON 

FREE HAIRC~T 
WITH ANY HAIR COLOR SERVICE 

FOR AN APPOINTMENT CALL: 
858.551.9515 

7865 HERSCHELAvENUE, LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
WWW.JEAN- PHILIPPESALON_COM 

HAIR MODLES NEEDED FOR SALON TRAINING SESSIONS 

• SCRATCH, from page 4 
(M r. Briefcase pulled the cord 

and got off at the next stop.) 
I started to think that maybe 

jesus Christ Extraodinaire wasn't 
just a kook. He was kooky, sure, 
bu t part of him seemed del iberate 
and aware. I wondered if he was a 
graduate student in literature, fish-
ing around for a story. 

We talked about the ups and 
downs of begging for money. I told 
him about a bum I ran into a few 
weeks before, who had showed me 
a handful of silver coins and asked 
for only a nickel. 

"He just wanted a soda," I 
explained to Jesus. "He was 95 per-
cent of the way there, he just need-
ed that little bit to get him over the 
top. Now. we both knew that what 

he rea lly wanted was. $10 for a bot-
tle of Jack, but he knew he couldn't 
just ask for that. He was a bum with 
a plan - and maybe that's the only 
kind of charity we'll tolerate." 

jesus pondered. He asked why a 
person couldn't si mply buy 95 cents 
worth of soda . It was because no 
one would buy an already-opened 
bottle, I suggested. It wouldn't taste 
quite as good. People might be 
uneasy about it. 

"So what?" jesus asked. "Isn't 
charity more important than a little 
uneasiness?" 

I didn't have a good answer to 
that. Granted, I have no problem 
with eating hot dogs that fall on 
the ground, so I'm biased. But he 
had a point. 

"Well , think about that;' jesus 

said, pulling the cord for the next 
stop. 

We shook hands again, and 
then he disappeared into the grimy 
intersection of Mission Boulevard 
and Garnet. 

When I got back to my apart-
ment, I realized I was wearing a 
San Francisco Giants sweatshirt, 
which explained a lot. And when 
I watched "Taxi Driver" later that 
night, it explained a lot more. 
I'm still not sure if jesus Christ 
Extraordinaire was genuinely 
insane or merely eccentric. (To be 
on the safe side, presidential can -
didates should probably stay away 
from Pacific Beach.) But whatever 
he was, I think he had something 
important to say. 

True story. 

Campus Weekend 
events p.3 

Dr. Georgaklis 
dentist p.S 

p.9 

Alexander's Skin 
Care p.9 

Bookstore Costume 
Contest p.14 
UCSD Open House 
This Sat. p.S 

rock & republic :: citizens of humanity:: antik denim :: true religion :: 575 :: grail 
chip & pepper :: frankie b :: seven for all mankind :: hudson :: joe's jeans :: yanuk 
toverniti so :: sacred blue :: paper denim :: people's liberation :: 2b free :: & more 

sunday • • • • 
50-80% off retail 

october 22,2006 :: 10am-4pm 
sheraton san diego hotel &. marina 
east tower, nautilus convention hall 

1380 harbor island drive :: san diego 
$3 at the door, or FREE admission with ad or rsvp 

(print out your rsvp for expedited entry) 

www.thewarehousesale.com 
I • I , I I , f • I ~" I • , , . t I I , " '" '" I 

f " I • I • , I ; I • I I , I , I t •• , I , 
, , I 'f • I • I , It ' ~ I • , , , • • , I fit f 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 

Vendor Problems Hold 
Up New'Furniture Arrival 
• TIOGA, from page' 

"The furnishings were ordered 
from multiple vendors and ordered 
over a period of several months from 
May through September usiflg our 
standard bid and ordering process-
es," Cunningham stated in an e-mail. 
"One vendor did not meet the agreed -
upon delivery schedule and we are 
addressing that issue with the com-
pany directly." 

According to Gullo, one of the 
most inconvenient features of the 
remodeling is the fact that the new 
desks have no drawers, because they 
were installed with the idea that even-
tually UCSD would become a paper-
less community. 

Some freshmen have also com-
plained about missing bookshelves in 
their rooms, a problem that may have 
been ca\lsed by misplacing book-
shelves that were moved out during 
the renovation process, according to 
Cunningham. 

"The existing bookshelves were 
all placed in storage during the ren -
ovation process, and those were put 
back," Cunningham staled. "It is 
possible that a bookshelf was missed 
in that process. The housing staff 
will be surveying every room to 
assess what is missing over the fall 
quarter to catch anything that hasn't· 
been reported to us by the indi -
vidual resident." 

Not all the renovations are fin -
ished, either. One of Tioga's eleva -
tors is under construction, which is 
estimated to be fmished by the end of 

WiITH THIS AD : 

15% off kayak 
(over $499) 

25% off anyone accessory 
25% off tours and rentals 

Offer good for UCSO faculty 
and students only with valid 10 

819 San Fernando Place 
Sa n Diego, CA 92109 

858-488-5599 
www.allenskayaks.com 

the quarter. According to Gullo. the 
frequent usage of the elevator causes 
it to break down often. 

However, not all the reactions to 
the Tioga renovation are negative. 

"The renovations are nice," Muir 
freshman and Tioga resident juliana 
Kincanno said. "Regarding the bath-
rooms, I think they could have done 
a better job with the showers, but 
overall it makes it more pleasant to 
live here:' 

Freshmen seem to be handling 
the crowded triple housing well, 
Gullo said, since the increased num-
ber of residents spurs more social-
ization. 

Next year's freshmen class is 
expected to be smaller, which should 
give H&DS some time to catch up, 
according to Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Joseph W. Watson. 
He also stated in an e-mail that 
campuswide efforts are being made 
to add additional housing. 

"The North Campus Housing 
Project is planned for 2009 and 
would provide 1,000 beds for trans-
fer students," he stated. "Revelle 
and Muir College in-fill projects 
and North Campus Housing (Phase 
II) are being proposed to open in 
2011." 

Muir plans to renovate Tenaya 
Hall during the summer of 2007, 
and it will be handled better than 
Tioga, Cunningham stated. 

Readers can contact Christina Homer 
at chomer@ucsd.edu. 

KAYAK TOURS AND RENTALS 
BIKE TOURS AND RENTALS 

SURFING LESSONS 

25% offfor 
UCSD students 

and faculty 
with this ad 

(you MUST bring your UCSO 10) 

2246 Avenida de la Playa 
La Jolla, CA 92037 
858-551-951 0 

www.hikebikekayak.com 

Students 
FlvCheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From 51n DlelO to: 

San Lula Oblapo$151 Parla $395 
Wa.hlngton $246 Bologna $420 

$257 Melbourne 

• C =. StudentUniverse.com 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Pursue your MASTER'S DEGREE 
at the UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO 

The Master of Science in Environmental Management 
The MSEM graduate program at the University of San Francisco is a two-year 
Saturday program for the environmental field . The Program includes environmental 
decision-making. natural resource and hazardous waste management. air/water 
quality, land use and wetlands restoration. A joint MSEM/MBA is also offered. 

Other Arts and Sciences Master's Programs: 
Asia Pacific Studies . Biology • Chemistry. Computer Science . Economics 
International and Development Economics. Financial Analysis 
Intemet Engineering. Sport Management • Theology • Writing IMFAI 

D ... iI.? Call 415.422.5135 or emai l asgrad@usfca.edu 
AppIialion or InfonMtiOll Peclllt? www.usfca.edu/grad/requestinfo 

V"lSit th ... programs It www.usfcl.ldu/Isgrld VI8It...., ....... ,...,._111: www.UlfcI.ldWgradulII 

NEWS 7 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

imone Wilson 
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org hiatus j4 

THE BEST SONGS 
• 

Ann IN HIATUS 
U;);) THIS WEEK 
d" " .»u~n ll11C~ 

Chrome Chllnn Archie Bronson Outfit The Blow Robin Thlcke 
a rts/e nterta i n ment • ' No $ No Toke' • 'Cherry Ups' • "Parentheses" • ' I Can't Decide' 

• "Nino's Dead" • ' Harp for My SWeetheart" • 'Pile of Gold" • ' Lost Without U" . 
............................................. THU~DAY.OCTOBER19.2~ ............................................ .. 

IIIBEST MOVIE TO ... 111 
fill in the gaps your 

Spanish teacher missed 
Y tu mama tambilm 

Oakley Anderson-Moore 
raids Geisel's 

Directed by Alfonso CuarDn 

FVLDV 1807-1 
TAs often skip over important 
phrases like "pop her cher-
ry" and "please eat me out." 
This erotic road trip movie. 
which follows two horny teens 
and a sexy Latina traveling through 
Mexico. will coach you though the terms 
over and over (and over and over) 
again. Guaranteed to be much more 
useful than phrases like "my brother 
plays tennis" if you ever study abroad "Y 
tu mama tambitn" is a must-see if you are 
currently enrolled in a Spanish class. 

'" watch after receiving yet 
another campus parking ticket 
This stylized lO-minute tracking 
shot of a traffic jam on the outskirts 
of Paris will instill in you a new-
found hatred for cars, people and 
the whole damn capitalist system. 
elevating ticket fury to new heights. 

Weekend 
Directed by Jean Luc Godard 

FVLV 4303-1 
Godard's burning poets, matricidal heroines and nihilistic renegades have in com-
mon with the UCSD parking enforcement a natural trend toward cannibalism. 

, " watch after hooking up with your professor 
Whether you ran into him randomly at Lestat's or have 
been waging a seductive siege during office hours, there's Harold and Maude 
nothing like a love story between a death-obsessed teen Directed by Hal Ashby 
and a kooky octogenarian (of 80+ years) to remind you 
that love has no bounds and sagging bodies are still FVLV 68-1 
totally tappable. Another plus: all the music in the mm 
is by Cat Stevens (or YusufIslam, as airport security usually recognizes him). 

, ,. recover from rush week pamphleteers 
This documentary explores the eccentric genius of comic 
book creator Robert Crumb (Zap COmix, Fritz the Cat) 
and his artistic fetishes. Weird, hilarious and exception-
ally moving. the ftlm is a remedy for post-Price-Center-
at-lunchtime trauma as it instantly spurs the dawning 
realization that you don't have to fit in with the alpha 

Crumb 
Directed by Terry Zwigoff 

FVLD 124-2 
alpha moondoggies clientele to have a good (or. in Crumb's case. at least interesting) sex life. 

., _ watch if you miss the 7 p.m. Hillcrest shuttle 
There's no sex or violence. and it has subtitles. Wait 
- don't go! This hysterical Chinese film by Zhang 
Yimou ("House of Flying Daggers"), foUowing a rural 
Chinese villagewoman's journey to seek revenge on the 
man who kicked her husband in the balls, is a wonderful 
treat that you'll only be able to make someone watch if 

The Story of au Jiu 
Directed by Zhang Yimou 

FVLV 4572-1 
they're stranded on campus for two hours and Porter's Pub is closed. With hardly a handful of 
real actors, its painstaking efforts at realism alone (one camera man hid on a wooden platform 
for 16 hours) are worth the watch. 

Film Video Reserve 
for buried treasure 

my 1413·1 
At it tuma out, UCSD was aduaIly cool 
bIck in !be '6OL ADaJeIa Davia _ here 
md Habert M..aaae, the ndiQJ pbiIoI-
opby prale .. or whoee meIhocIa brouabt 
on the wnth .bmer jO+ti DOt' RooaIcl 
Rapn aod the _ of the UC repntJ. 
ruled the mmpua. A Iow-budset docu· 
IDCIItIry pieced toFtba' by a farmer 
UaI> IIUdent. Ibis 81m his IOIDe awe-
IOIDe focap. protests In IUwIe Plaza 
aod lIt·iDalf the reptrar'. ofBoe, IIIlODI 
others. -Herbert'. Hippopoamua" Ia • 
1IIIIIt·_ &. II'l'f proud IIlteDdee 01 our 
uniwnity. DOt oo1y &. the retro af'roI 
and bell boaomI. but .. • tIeIIuNcI 
aotbropoIop:al cIocurDenL 

,., watch with a date 
or when you're horny 

after studying too long 
Better than any 
porn, this 1979 
piece of psyche-
delic workman-
ship by brilliant 
but obscure Russ 
Meyer is enough 
to send you and 

Beneath the Valley of 
the Ultra Vixens 

Directed by Russ Meyer 

FVLDV 1323-1 
your date (or just you) up to Geisel's eighth-floor single-
occupancy stall. Afterward. if your date has the sense 
of mind to look past Meyer's larger-than-tife boobage 
shots to point out that the coffin sex scene is rife with 
social satire, you'll know he or she is a keeper. 

.,. watch if the headphones 
don't work (and you're too 

shy to ask for new ones) 
[C"harIie Chaplin Short CoII)tdy CI_ies 

Directed by Charlie Chaplin 

FVLDV 1552-7 
Charlie Chaplin was a comic genius whose slap-
stick humor has remained amusing decades after the 
silent/talkie overturn. Geisel reserves offer an oppor-
tunity to delve deeper than Chaplin's widely known 
"Modem Times" and see some more obscure work. 
including indubitably wonderful shorts like "The 
Immigrant" or "Easy Street." 

.... ----------------------------

Peanut Butter Wolf and Adult Swim Present 
• Chrome Children 
STONES THROW 

**** What's a fiercely independent anti-corporate snob to do when her favorite late-night cartoon is funding and commercially tout ·· 
ing - suspiciously corporate - her best-loved 
underground hip-hop of old? Come on, even Ted 
Turner's involved. But I say to heU with it - when 
slimy moneymaking schemes sound tllis good, 
Turner can pull on his Adidas sneaks and bust 
some white-hot capitalist moYe& for all I care. 

This time around, Adult Swim characters 
don't try to stick their wease1y. shrilllittJe noses 
in places they shouldn't (as did the Aqua leen 
Hunger Force on The Mouse and the Mask) . 

- Instead, Stones Throw, manned by master OJ 
Peanut Butter Wolf. i set theme-free to pull a 
cut-and-paste electro parade of artists up and out 
of their funhouse vault. 

Turns out Throw is the label to be on right 
now if your raps are weird or your beats are 
funky - the tracklist includes Madlib with MF 

I I I'" f fl" f 
. , I I , . f'. f 4 

Doom (as Madvillain) and J Dilla, hip-hop's 
dearest departed (as Jaylib); Madlib's MC/pro-
ducer little bro Oh No and Beat Junkie J.Roce; 
not to mention a tail end bulging with rapless 
acts to wake any hophead up to the wonders of 
the other side. 

Track 8: Georgia Anne Muldrow oozing soul 
sex with fresh essence of tomboy pedal pushers 
and 'hood basketball bounce. Track 10: Goofy 
crash-beat keeping time for Piok Panther loop 
and schmooze-rhymes by Dudley Perkins. Track 
4: Koushik compu-mixing his Indian rhythms 
and Enya-drama chants. Add a little Bay synth, a 
little-naked '70s funk-from Pure Es8ence (famous-
ly sampled by RJD2) and some clucking guitar 
from enigmatic Beck-inspiration Gary Wilson 
- I couldn't mix a tape this genius if I tried. 

- Simone WUson 
HtATUS EDITOR 

Btow 
• Paper Television 
K. RECORDS 

In 1639, when philosopher Rene Descartes texture of the music into a hard outer shell. began work on his "Meditations," he had Everybody knows that what makes a Blow absolutely no chance of becoming a pop Pop so enjoyable is the work it takes to reach 
star. "Some philosophies fuel a belief in the self, the gummy tenter. It is only upon the realiza-
constructed to keep one's goods on one's own tion that Maricich's words are not wholly unfa-
shelf,' he wrote. Now, some 350 years later, miliar, but instead cQlloquial and endearing, 
Khaela Maricich (lead vocalist of Blow) has that the candy shell eventually melts and the 
finally given Cartesian philosophy the street record can be enjoyed in its entirety. 
<;red it deserves by using the line as an opener My simple analogy cannot begin to describe 
for first track "Parentheses." the sonic textures laid down by Jona Bechtolt. 

This alluiion may.sound strange with.respect Be keeps the music 1$ diversely intriguing 1$ 
to pop music, so I'll reference something more Maricich's lyrics with the military drums of "The 

, familiar to best explain the way in which Paper Long List of Girls,' hip-hop infusion of "TIle Big 
Tdmsioft unfoIds . ..:rhiftk of-this album 1S..are-- U· -and doo-wopIeIectro-pep blene ef ...00--
fully wrapped lollipop; better yet, a Blow Pop. out single "Parentheses; with a chorus catchy 
At the bubble gum center are 10 danceable love enough to tackle top 40 radio. Paper Television 
songll with familiar themes and catchy hooks. As is exactly what a pop record should be. 
we branch further out, Maridchs lyrical content 
rewaIs itself to be both intricately complex and 
disorienting - no less sweet, but changing the 

- Jesse Khltl 
STAff WRITER J 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDtAN HIATUS 9 

Rans Ibm.,b Oct. 21 
lues. -fri.. 11 8.m •• 6 Ilftl. 

·Complalnt Box· 
Voice 1156 

1156 7th Ave. 
San Diego. CA 92101 

6t 9.235.6922 

Associate 
Hiatus Editor 
4f.~ . . ..... 
* ~ .. 

The Art of Complaining 
Self-expression is ranked highly in the list of qualities that make art .. . art. In this October's exhi-bition "Complaint Box," the artists of Voice 1156 give tribute to a more common, less exalted 
form of self-expression: complaint. 

Images spread across the room like wildfire; a coUage exhibition of posters, paintings, sculptures, 
assemblage and photographs, heated with grievances. 

Grudges against humanity. PolitiC$. Evening news. Fat cells. Che Guevara. 
Street an and graphic design shake hands in this show: frontal profiles reference the black and white 

of Shepard Fairey's "Obey Giant; backgrounds are covered with the rugged, blended technique of spray 
paint and biographies trace back to graffiti collectives such as "Do the Math" (www.dothemath.tv). 

Gallery owner Monica Hoover's print of bejeweled fingers clutching dollars - titled "Resist and 
Persist· - rhymes a message that is not so much a complaint as a statement of hip -hop currency. 

Spencer Little's drawings-by-wire describe apes and apish behavior (sometimes of human capac-
ity) in pieces with titles like "Mobile: Cellphone," "Human Head," "Chimp Head," "The Rise and 
FaU of Man," ·Ego Monster" and "We're At War.· in "You Dropped Your Cool; a wiry boy points 
accusatively to his left. where the absence of cool is spotlighted by empty space. Little's works are 
carvings of care bulging with playful humor and hung from the ceiling or off the walls, like street 
scrawl without the permanence. 

An exhibit dedicated to complaining can't avoid politics for long. and "Complaint Box· features 
enough media bashing and Bush-bullying to keep any progressive hash-baby happy. A globally 
recognizable image of Guevera slanted with the text" cliche" may not rally the red Communists, but 
makes good commentary on visual overstatement. 

From streetisrn to surrealism. brilliant to bizarre, "Complaint Box" features work from over two 
dozen local artists - a wide palette for the choosing. Visit www.voicell56.comformore injlmflation. 

t S MIN. FREE FOR 
1 ST TIME CUSTOMERS 

1/2 BLOCK OFF CAMPUS 
SPECtALIZING IN PROBLEM CASES 

AND SENSITtVE SKIN 

IIY APPOINTMENT ONLY CALL .... a ... a7 •• 

r 
I 

.., 

TI ~ESS 
l1(Je-4efyirI(J faser clinic 

Buy ONE GET ONE FREE* 
-LASER HAt R REMOVAL 
-M ICRODERMABRASION 
-IPL 
-CELLULITE TREATMENT 
-& MORE 

'exctudes Botox and Restytan e. I 
. 

2020 CAMtNO DEL R IO N. STE 202. SAN DIEGO, CA &19-294-8483 
www.timelesslaserelin ie.eom 

J251 Holld., Ct, 
#204 

858-455-0909 
Above Cal COPY. across Irom EI Torito and Rock Bottom 
------------~------------I : Mptic,.. BUY 5 for I .., My 5 TAlIS I 

I orUltrakcl only I HI 5 FIR I 
I PIo ... pr ... ntUCSO $,'5 ... : Including Mystic and Ultra: 
I IO.Exp. I 1/19106 1 s.. salon ror <i<toil •. Exp. 11119106 I 
~------------------------ -1l,iliiii INJMIIIDI Mystic Tlin 1 
I"':, SI8" MOHTHLY I FREE 1 III ~I 1uy1Ckt1 I 
I 1 I s.. salon for dotoIlL 1 First time OJstomers only. Exp. I 
I Exp.11119101i 11/19106 ~ ____________ L ___________ ~ 

~-----------------------------------

S""E $1.00 

EXPIRES 11 21 06 DO NOT OOUSH COUPON 

IIotaIIer: WhoIe$ome & Hearty Foods ~. wi! roImbu1e the 
lace vaIJe price plus 8$ handling OI1y willi) redeemed by yoo 
1I00I a _ at 01 the putthase on DIm specifiN. 
Reproduction 01 tIIiI coupon ~ expressly pro/Iibihld. My 
aIher use constitutes frlud. !'rool of sufficient stnck must be 
furnbhecI upon request. Camumer must par sales tax. Vall(! 
only ill the U.S.A. Mail 10: CMS Dep't 64059. WhoIe$Ome & 
Hearty Foods Co .• l Fewcet1 DrrIe, Dd RIo. TX 783-40, Cash 
value .00Ic. VoId wllere taxed OIl1slJicted. LIMIT ONE 
COUPON PER ClJSTOIIEII. 

[)'l20~ 

I I 
OOlO 09Z01 JUlJ 
~----------------------------------~ 
r - - - - - - - - - - - - - -See the Warehouse Sale'. Premium I 
I DeDlm Sample Sale ad on page 6 I 
I FREE ADMISSION WITH THIS COUPON I 
I SUNDAY OCT. 22 I 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



10 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

HA~~~Wf!f!" ~Pft~$" 
We do Extreme Ma~eo\lers 

10% off 
Your Most Expensive item 

when present this coupon 

LOCATED IN THE CENTER 
COURT AT THE FORMER 

ROBINSON MAY LOCATION IN 
WESTFIELD UNIVERSITY 
TOWN CENTER LA JOLLA 

858/587-4790 

Learn about a new way to 

RAY for GGI ege 
tudent Securities 

Securing your future. 

www . studentsecurities . com 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 

recordings¥-------
Archie Bronson Outfit 
• Derdanl Derdanl 
DOMINO 

***, 

If White Stripes married Modest Mouse and had a baby with sur-rogate mother Mars Volta, then the 
baby would be named Archie Bronson 
Outfit and heo be lisping "derdang der-
dang" in the cool shade of his carousel 
as he's wheeled repeatedly around the 
blues-rock neighborhood. 

Did .that personification make 
sense? It doesn't have to - if you've 
liked any of the aforementioned music, 
you're going to like ABO. Crossing 
delirious rifts with drum beats that 
drive your feet to rapture, this UK 
band plays blues-rock with torturously 
sweet seduction. 

Robin Thicke 
• The Evolution of Robin Thicke 
STAR TRAK 

*, 

If you're a white man with a mani-cured jawburn and gel-spiked white-man hair - much like 
Pharre\l's latest soundchild, green-
eyed soulman Robin Thicke - you 
might want to think twice before 
attempting soultry R&D melisma. 

Sorry, but the whiteness is just 
too blinding to avoid. His voite. 
while adequately smooth and breathy, 
doesn't hide the thinned labor of vocal 
chords born without the black gene. 

At least on debut a1bwn A Beautiful 
World, Thicke had some sort of Euro-
crazy Jarniroqui thing going on . But 
PharreU takes his elevator treble beats 
to an even sparser level than usual on 
Evolution - add some melody-free, 

Singer Sam Windett croons, grous-
es and groans his songs to shrugging 
percussion and hysterical guitar jams, 
with occasional smatterings of lullaby-
soft acoustics to ease the dance-weary. 
Get down with their sophomore album 
Derang Derang and get swept up by 
their live show this Saturday, where 
they pull the best of their tenor-treated 
lyrics and tempered Southern gothic 
songs to get you jiving. 

Archie Bronson Outfit performs at 
the Casbah on OCI. 2 J. 

-JiaGu 
ASSC;>CIATE HIATUS EDITOR 

wannabe-JT vocal st rains, and even the 
best speakers can barely push this Out. 

Light-brown-sugar "Idlewild" 
actress (and nude covergirl of his first 
album) Paula Patton is Thicke's wife, 
stay-at-home "Growing Pains" dad 
Alan Thicke is his father and his album 
features the Neptunes, Lil' Wayne and 
Faith Evans. Seems no tight web of 
connections could keep the colorless 
wisps of this awkward serenader from 
faUing througb the cracks. 

Thicke pelforms at Spreckel~ with 
. India.Arie on Oct. 21 and at the House 
of Blues with John Legend on Nov. 20. . 

- Simone Wilson 
H lATUS EDITOR 

~eT. 20 SPRECIELS nEITIIE 
11111 JP. 1111 .. 1 BERES f~ 

HAMMOND MARCIA 
\. CR1F'F"fl HS e •• t. 1.1"1111. It I" '1~"I.I'I.r I.elll ••• , III. 

e •• 11 I •• IlIle., •• n •• II 'le •• I.I.I.r.e •• , ~ 
I elllr •• II. III ••• It: .1.·22.· ••• J 
....can -• • T • • TA ' ...... ' ." ................ IIh_ ... ____ • ., .... _ ...... ;.,.."", ..... * 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 

SPECIAL 
EGG DONOR 

NEEDED 
Preferred Donor will meet the following criteria: 

Height ApprOXimately 5'9 or Taller 

Causasian 

S.A.T. Score Around 1275 or High A.C.T. 

College Student or Graduate Under 30 

Athletic 

No Genetic Medical Issues 

COMPENSATION $80,000 
Paid to you and/or the charity of your choice 

AU related expenses will be paid in addition to your compensation 

. (Extra compensation available for someone who might be 
especially gifted in athletics, science/mathematics or music) 

Fo~ more information or to obtain an application please contact 
Michelle at the law Offices (866) 330-6036 or email 

Donorinfo@pacbell.net 

"This ad Is being placed for a panicular client and Is nOt satldling eggs for a donor bank . 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 11 



12 ClASSIFIEDS 

EVENTS 
The GUilrdyn won't rip down your flyers! . 
Do you hcive something to tell UCSD? 
You don't need to plaster flyers all over 
the Price Center and watch them get 
torn down or covered over in minutes. 
Dig deep and cough up the S bucks and 
let the Guardian classifieds do all the 
work. That's 20,000 of your damn flyers 
in one week! That 's right baby, both in 
the paper and on. line at ucsdguardian. 
org. Pay for 2 issues and we'll match with 
2 more until October 30, 2006. Check 
ucsdguardian.org for easy instructions 
or just call us @ S5S 534-3466. Gitter 
done. (10126) 

UCSD Open House is coming this s.turday, 
Octob« 2 I st. Go to openhouse.ucsd.edu 
(1 0/19) 

ArtPo_1 weekend events: The Random 
Dance series presents Ataxia, choreo-
graphed by Wayne McGregor, a perfor-
mance that challenges the very fabric 
of collaboration by drawing from the 
diverse worlds of neuroscience, com-
poSition, psychology and design, Sat. 
Oct. 21 , Spm at Mandeville Auditorium; 
The Calder Quartet combines the best 
of traditional and avant-garde chamber 
music, Sun. Oct. 22, 2pm at Mandeville 
Auditorium. (10/19) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
VOLUNTEER IN AFRICAII Meet us in SOl 
10/22/06. Teach/Fight AIDSI 14 Mo. Train 
in CA Start Now & Feb Team fee/grant 
S 10-637-9698, www.cctg.org (10/19) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Mystery Shoppers. Earn up to $ 150/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover 
shoppers needed to judge retail and 
dining establishments. Call 800-722-
4791. (1 1/30) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attorney 
needs part time assistance (Monday, 
Wednesday, Friday) to assist at office. 
Hours are 8:15 am to 7:00 pm (plus 
additional overtime). Duties include 
typing filing, word processing, occa-
sional bookkeeping, assistance at court, 
good grammar and punctuation skills, 
knowledge of Microsoft Office, good 
handwriting and the ability to stand 
for long periods of time. Requires the 
ability to drive a van with an automatic 
transmission. Must have good driving 
record. Candidates must pass a gram-
mar, spelling, punctuation and typing 
test plus a background check. Please 
send resume to: Human Resources, DLA 
Piper US llP. 401 8. Street, Suite .1700, 
San Diego, CA 92101 or email to mau-
reen.walker@dlaplper.com (10/26) 

Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive brand 
new cars with ads placed on them. www. 
DriveAdCars.com (I 1/30) 

MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 
Restaurant in Del Mar is looking for a 
part time waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 am 
to 2:30 Mon thru Fri.; For Dinner: 4:15 
pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Part Time: 
Minimum of 2 days on either Lunch or 
Dinner. Call Manager: (858) 204-4831 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE,*,GuARDIAN 

CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardloon reserves the right to classify, edit, delete offensive words and pharses, 
andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Guo,dion liable for any claims reSUlting from the publication of t he advertisement 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 

Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
PIH .. send all corrHponcMn.,. r.g.rdlng C1a..m.ds to: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn: Classlfleds, 9500 Gilman DrIve "316, Lo Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Student Center A, Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: S5 ,., io ... 
Faculty & Staff: S7 ,., 20 ... 

Ail others: S10,., 20'" 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20.00 per column Inch 
Duclllnes: 

Publication Oate Display Ads Line Ads 
Monday _ ......... J ,.. TIouIS. 
""'...,. _ Mono J ,.. Mono 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 

purchase of homes. Geza, Agent, 85S-
361 -3082. (10/23) 

La Jolla Renaissance CAPRI townhouse. 
One bedroom w/ loft & 1/2 bath. 
Numerous upgradesl OPEN HOUSE 
Sundays Oct 22. $500,000. Call owner 
Diane 858-63S-1414. (10/19) 

1 bd 1 ba condo, take over pay-
ments. No-qualifying. Garage, pool, 
laundry. Payments include tax and 
HOA - no agents. 619-885-9824. 
allmission@yahoo.com. (10/30) 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 
EGG DONORS NEEDED 

$1 ..... (PlUS All ElPEIiSES) 

bet. 10 am to 4 pm, Mon-Sat. (11/2) 

Immediate openings in our stores in La 
Jolla, Fashion Valley, or the Del Mar 

Highlands. Retail experience or 
experience with children preferred. 
Part-time/ flexible hours. Apply in 

person or call the location nearest you. 

GEPPETTI'S 
La Jolla 7850 Girard Ave. 856-456-4441 
Fashion Valley Del Mar Hlghl.nds 
619-294-8878 858-350-9038 

Wanted, in home piano teacher for 3 
children. Home is located in Scipps 
Ranch. Please call if qualified and inter-
ested. 858-693-4063. (10119) 

Teach fun Afterschool Enrichment 
Programs weekday afternoons. $20-30 
per one hour class. Apply online. www. 
madscience.org/sandiego or call 8SS-
50S-4880. (I 1/6) 

ROOMMATES 
Need a Roommate? Check out San 
Diego's own SDRoomie.com. Free to 
Post! (11 /2) 

FOR RENT 
2 bed, 2 bath, upgraded, new appli -
ances, pool view, laundry facilities, close 
hwy 5 & UTC mall. $1,990.00 (619)-857-
7583 Aida. (10/23) 

Condo For Rent. $ 1,400. PETS OKAY. 1 
bed/1 bath. Close to UCSD. Pools, park-
ing, upgrades, washer/dryer. Call Kristin 
858-373-7656. (10/19) 

Why Rent? BUY a condo, RENT the xtra 
rooms to students and GET RICH. Call 
for FREE INFO. Kristin 858-373-7656. 
(10119) 

FOR SALE 
Futon Sofa bed only $259: Home 
furniture & home decor for sale. 

Everything 50-70% OFF retail. 
EverythlngHomeDlscount.com. 858-
271 -S068. (10/30) 

Condo. 1 bedroom wI loft. loft makes 
great 2nd bedroom or office. La Jolla 
Colony, near UCSD. Upgraded! Granite 
counters, travertine tile, views, vauhed 
ceilings. From $2BOK to $315,876. Call 
Yvonne 61~838-8419. PRU. CA. Realty. 
See www.gethomes.biz for pictures. 
(10119) 

Don't rent! 8uy a home next to UCSD 
with friends/parents! Specialize in joint 

We are seeking women who are 
attractive, under the age of 29, SAT 
1300+ (math+verbal), physically fit 

.and maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 
If you have a desire to help an 

infertile family and would like more 
information please contact us. 

Email:da ....... ~_com 
... ..,.rfectmMch.com 

1-800-264-8828 

WANTED 
Volunteers paid $45 for an Interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, or 
Korean descent, age 21 -26, call 8S8-552~ 

UnlilDifed Rides 
ICF CDIy. ceDis a day1 

Check oul s commule.com 10 SII how IISI Ills, 
and bY "'1 nl. UnlllnllY City LOOD .... 41141. 

Smart Move. Very Smart. 
J 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 

8585 x559O. (11/30) 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDEDI 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

COIIPEIISATION $8,000 
Call .prodactiye SoIlItiHS 

now 111·132·14M 

100% JEWISH ASHIENAZI 
EGG DONOR NEEDED 

We are seeking women who have 
blue-green eyes, are under the age of 

29, SAT 1300+, physically fit and 
maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 

If you have a desire to help an infertile 
family and would like more information 

please (ontact us. $2','" (PLUS AU EXPENSES) 
Email: da,.....parflctmltch-com 

1-800-264-8828 

SERVICES 
TENNIS AT NOON. Certified Pro can work 
with you or your group at the Muir 

Courts. Call 619 787-5475. (10/30) 

Pregnant or know someone who Is? You 
don't have to be alone. We want to help. 
Call our 24 hour confidential hotline at 
1-800-NO-ABORT or visit our website 
www.lifecall.org. (I 1/30) 

An you experiencing hlldllches, neck 
pain or ts.ck pain from I sports Injury 
or from sitting In front III the computIr1 
We can help! CaIlS58-558-3111 for a no 
charge chiropractic consultation. www. 
lajollaadc.com (10/19) 

SINGING LESSONS: Experienced, quali-
fied music teacher. Positive, goal-ori-
ented approach. References available. 
Maren (858) 605-Q663. (10/23) 

PERSONALS 
A recent study by Scripps Research 
Institute suggests that marijuana may 
help stave off Alzheimer's disease. Might 
as well start staving it off early. (10/19) 

NFL injury report for SUN 10/20: Trent 
Green, Chiefs, out, head; Demarcus 
Faggins, Panthers, out, foot; Troy 
Palamalu, Steelers, probable, hair. 
(10119) 

20% OFF SERVICES & HAIR 
PRODUCTS WITH VAUD UCSD 
10_ 10 MUST BE SHO'It'N TO 
RECEIVE THE SAVINGS. 
CONTACT DARRYL 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

"THE LOGIC, OF LANGUAGE" 

CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Tour the Linguistics Department and the Language Laboratory in their new location. 
Come to 3018 AP & M Building on Saturday, October 21, 2006 

as part of the UCSD Open House. 
10 a.m •• 2 p.m. 

Fonnal tours at 11 a.m., 12 p.m., and 1 p.m. 
Vislors welcome at any time. 

• Learn to finger-spell your name in American Sign Language. 
• Participate in "bad karaoke II led by our phonology faculty. 
• "See ll what your voice looks like. 
• Test how soundproof our Phonetics Lab booth is with your screams. 
• Sample ethnic foods from cultures represented in our Heritage Language Program. 

Complete the tour and enter a raffte for a 
$50 gift certificate to a local ethnic restaurant. 



14 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 

Date • Time • Guidelines 
The contest is Tuesday, October 31 - it takes place 
on a stage in the UCSD Price Center plaza and is 
wheel chair accessible 
The UCSD Halloween costume contest is free and 
open to all UCSD students, staff, and faculty entries 

• Non UCSD friends, family and the community are 
encouraged to attend as spectators: It is recom-
mended to arrive early to get a good viewing seat 

• Costumed contestants should arrive in the plaza at 
11:30 to be checked-in and given entry numbers 

• Check-in closes when the contest begins - at 
approximately 11 :45 

• The costumes are judged by one student, one 
faculty, and one staff person and an emcee directs 
the contestants on the stage 

• Starting with category #1, each contestant will walk 
up the stage stairs and enter through th~ rear of 
the Halloween back-drop 

• While on stage, the entry number must be held up 
so the judges can clearly see it 

• The judges and spectators like animated contes-
tants: Use the microphone, speak clearly, shout your 
name, describe your costume, sing, dance, act goofy 

• When you're finished strutting your stuff, exit from 
the stage using the east facing stairs on your left 
and wait until all four categories are finished 

• Each contestant is scored between 1 and 5 points: 
5 points is the highest 

• After all the categories have finished there will be 
a brief intermission while scores are tabulated 
and reported 

• The contestant with the highest average score in 
each category wins 1 st place 

• The contestant with the second highest score in 
each category wins 2nd place 

• Ties will be determined by audience applause: 
The person with the loudest applause breaks the 
tie and wins 

• Prizes and scoring decisions are final 

4 Ghastly Categories 
--- 8 Spookdracular Prizes 

t.teg~rq #1 , .. ""fest 
I 

1 st place: iPod video 80GB ($349 value) 
2nd place: Portable DVD player with' 7- screen 

($ 169 value) 

t.tegorq #2 St.riest 
1 st place: Canon PowerShot A630 digital camera 

($290 value) 
2nd place: iPod Nano 4GB ($ 199 value) 

t.tegorq #J most tre.tfoe 
1 st place: XBox 360 system ($299 value) 

2nd place: Mac Mini 1.5GHz, Intel Core Solo, 
512MBRAM, 60GB HO, Combo Drive ($299 value) 

t.tegorq #4 r"tredib'q t"bor,te 
1 st place: Canon Pixma MultiPac 830 ink jet printer 

($300 value) 
2nd place: Mobil videolDVD monitor system, 

LCD detachable monitor ($200 value) 

J 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

Triton Tide Bids Farewell 
to Seven Storied Seniors 

Bruins Maul UCSD in Consolation Game 
• SENDOFF, from page 16 
he felt after losing the match and 
watching the team's playoff dreams go 
down the drain. 

"The loss stinks, I never want to 
stop playing and I did not want to 
lose on senior night," Tannenhaus 
said. "We had a lot of talent on our 
team and we were never able to play 
up to our potential." 

Salazar, who has two years of 
elillibility left, was frustrated after 
the loss, but is optimistic about the 
future. 

"Our goal was to make it to the 
NCAA playoffs this year, and it will 
be the same thing next year;' Salazar 
said. "We had a lot of young guys 
play weU and gain a lot of experience 
and we will come back stronger next 
year:' 

Despite the bad feelings follow-
ing the loss, the Tritons got some 
eXciting news on Oct. 17. Vasquez 
was named the Brine/CCAA men's 
soccer player of the week for the 
week of Oct. 9-15. The freshman 

recorded 19 saves in only his third 
and fourth collegiate starts, and 
recorded a shutout in the Tritons' 
double overtime victory against 
Cal State Los Angeles on Oct. 13. 
Vasquez also kept . UCSD in the 
match against Cal State Bakersfield, 
making eight important saves. 

The seniors honored at Triton 
Soccer Stadium before the match were 
defenseman Devon Cook, midfielder 
Chase Douglas, defense man Matt 
Horne, midfielder Patrick Kelly, mid-
fielder Mark Moreira, Tannenhaus 
and Ryan Velasquez. 

"It was cool to have a lot of fans 
there for senior day," Tannenhaus 
said. "The seniors on this team have 
become some of my best friends dur-
ing my years here." 

The Tritons will look to shake 
off the disappointing loss with two 
wins as they finish their season with 
a weekend road trip. The team will 
travel north to play San Francisco 
State and CaJ State Monterey Bay on 
Oct. 20 and Oct. 22, respectively. 

• SOCAL, from page 16 
Academy later in the day and con-
tinued their run. After trailing 2- ) 
at the end of the first quarter, UCSD 
went on to outscore the Falcons in 
each remaining quarter to win by 
three, 10-7. 

On the next day of competition, 
the Tritons battled undefeated USc. 

The Trojans got on the board 
first, but senior two-meter offense Ty 
Lackey answered right away to tie it 
at 1-1. UCSD was unable to capital-
ize on a power play, but after a usc 
score. Kotanjian put one into the net. 
The Trojans then had a nice break-
away attempt, but Randall made a 
great defensive play, only to be called 
for an ordinary foul . He yeUed in dis-
gust and was given a penalty, making 
scoring easy for USC. 

UCSD could not deliver with a 
man advantage, allowing the Trojans 
to score another goal to go up by two, 
2-4. Kotanjian scored with only five 
seconds remaining in the quarter to 
trail by one, 3-4. 

With the score at 4-6 at the begin-
ning of the third quarter, UCSD's 

TRUIHOR 
DME. 

offense struggled to get a good look 
at the goal, but Lackey finally scored 
five minutes into the quarter to bring 
the score to 5-6. After the two teams 
traded goals, USC converted a pen-
alty shot to keep its lead at two at the 
end of the third, resulting in a score 
of6-8. 

The Trojans scored first in the 
final quarter, but the resilient Tritons 
added three goals of their own to tie 
the game, 9-9, including a penalty 
shot by Lackey. 

"San Diego is a very mentally 
tough team," Trojan head coach Jovan 
Vavic said. "They keep trying and 
don't give up. [The Tritons J did a good 
job creating counterattack opportuni-
ties . . . that actually hurt us:' 

After USC went up by one on 
a beautifully executed offensive set 
with 2 minutes, 8 seconds remaining, 
UC D was unable to respond with 
a man advantage, losing a close one, 
9-10. 

"It was bad luck:' junior driver 
Nestor Dordoni said. "I had a turn-
over at the end that just put us behind. 
We should have had it:' 

The Tritons then faced the Bruins 
for third place, but it was nothing like 
the dramatic win they had a couple 
of weeks ago. UCLA scored the first 
five goals before UCSD was able to 
get on the board late in the second 
quarter. Looking tired and unfocused, 
the Tritons could not battle back, and 
went on to lose, 3- 12. 

"Water polo is tough when you 
play two games in a day, and it was 
hard for us to come back [after the 
USC loss J:' Harper said. "But thai 
aside, UCLA played great~ 

"To be fair, 1 was guilty of some 
hearsay last time, with the comments 
I made about [Bruins' head coach 
Adam Krikorianl:' Harper said. "I 
shouldn't have said that; it wasn't 
true. [Krikorian J wasn't pissed off at 
the referees that game and I apolo-
gized to him:' 

While there was a misunder tand-
ing between the two coaches, UCLA's 
blowout win was loud and clear. 

It gets no easier for UCSD as the 
team goes back on the road to face its 
conference rival, Loyola Marymounl 
University, on Oct. 19. 

816 BURRITOS •• CLtipotle. 
\/ I [ . \. i j:.., L I L ! : lA,'" i-,j [] ! ~ E L 

UCSD WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL 

All Games - RIMAC Arena 
Free for UCSD Students with ID 



16 TH. GUARDIAN 
HOT CORNER 

Diane Dunn 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Danai Leininger 
sports@ucsdguardian.org SPORTS Women's Cross Country . The junior runner helped UCSD earn third place at the Triton Cross Country Classic on Oct. 7 with her time of 22 :49:4 finis-

THURSDAY, OCTOBER.19, 2006 

Tritons Clinch Top Playoff Spot With Rout 
By Nicky Buchanan 

A SSOCIATE STAFF WRI TER 

The UCSD women's soccer team has 
kept with tradition, clinching its seventh 
straight California CoUegiate Athletic 
Association South Division title after 
defeating Cal State Bakersfield on Oct. 
15 on a 5-0 shutout. 

ot only did the Tritons secure their 
spot in the 2006 CCAA Championships, 
but this time they are bringing the sea-
son fmale home to the Triton Soccer 
Stadium as host of the tournament on 
Oct. 27 and Oct. 29, where they hope to 
snag the CCAA titl\! amid the hype of a 
home crowd. 

Though this appears to be a safe place 
to sit, with only two league games remain-
ing on the season and an overall record of 
14-1-2, the Triton players don't intend to 
end their ambitions here, they plan to 
propel themselves to the national level. 

"Wirming the South just adds .to the 
craving to win more and more, like an 
NCAA championship:' senior forward 
Alise MaUey said. "We're a team that 
learns from our mistakes and continuaUy 
grows as a team each game. We are proud 
to have gotten this far, but we can't be 
satisfied or content quite yet:' 

Last season, UCSD took the CCAA 
championship title, but stopped short in 
the final game at nationals on a 0-2 loss 
to eattle Pacific University, giving the 
team more reason to go all the way. 

[his thirst for success was reflected 
in the Cal State Bakersfield match, where 
the Tritons avenged their 2-2 tie with the 
Roadrunners on Sept. 22 with a convinc-
ing 5-0 win for their ninth shutout vic-
tory of the season. 

"Beating up on Bakersfield was amaz-
ing because it proved that the last game 
was a fluke and that Bakersfield isn't 
anywhere near our league of play:' junior 
midfielder Ali Lai said. 

The Tritons came down hard on the 
Roadrunners from beginning to end, 
taking 23 shots on goal and limiting their 
opponents to only five. 

Senior midfielder Megan Dickey 
made sure to leave it all on the field in 
her last league home game with a header 
into the side of the net, thanks to a line 
drive into the box from junior forward 
Kathy Sepulveda. 

Six minutes later, senior midfielder 
Kelly Cochran took her time to shine, 
putting UCSD up 2-0 with her eighth 
goal this season, beating the Roadruriner 
keeper from eight yards out on a pass by 
feUow freshman midfielder Laura Davey. 

The Tritons nailed in three more after 
the half, the first two within five minutes 
apart by Malley and junior midfielder 
Chelsea Campbell, and still managed to 
keep Cal State Bakersfield scoreless. 

"Our defense has been playing excep-
tionaUy weU:' MaUey said. "Not only do 
we have a solid starting lineup, but our 
bench is very reliable, so [our coach] 
doesn't even hesitate to put in another 
defender mid-gam~. You don't find that 
often in teams." 

When the line does fall through, the 
team also has reasonably good stock 
with McGovern, who holds 42 saves on 
the season, and is backed by sophomore 
~eeper Mia Shirley, who has not allowed 
a goal in the four games she has played. 

T he game came to a close in the final 
minute of play. Lai was covering the back 
post on a corner kick ball, which was 
knocked around the box for a moment 
before being deflected wide to LaL Lai 
then crossed it to junior mid fielder 
Lauren Segars, who drilled it into the net 
from five yards out for the fifth and fmal 
point on the game. 

This week the Tritons hit the road 
for their fmal two games of the regular . 
season. Though the matches against San 
Francisco State and Cal State Monterey 
Bay on Oct. 20 and Oct. 22, respectively, 
will have no bearing on the Tritons' seed 
in conference playoffs, it is imperative 
that they build up points to secure their 
spot in NCAA playoffs. 

SCORE RECAP 
UCSD VS CAl. STATE BAK£RSFIf.l.D 
1. DICKEY, Megan (22:18) 
2. COCHRAN, Kelly (28:42) 
3. SEPULVEDA, Kathy (55:05) 

"What gave us the upper hand is that 
we played our game and forced them 
to play to our st rengths:' sophomore 
goalkeeper Jessica McGovern said. "We 
controUed the game, the pace and the 
style of passing and kicking." 

4. CAMPBElL, Chelsey (60:24) 
5 . SEGARS, lauren (89:23) 

JASON CAMPA/GUIoRDIAN 
Senior mid fielder Heather Sugg's tenacious play contributed to UCSD's 5-0 blowout of Cal State Bakersfield, which came less than a month 
after the Tritons scored in the last minute of the match to escape with an embarassing 2-2 tie against the Roadrunners. . 

Men's Soccer Falls Short of Postseason 
By Brent Westcott 

STAFF WRI TER 

The UCSD men's soccer team 
started the season with hopes of 
playing in the NCAA champion-
ship tournament, but Cal State 
Bakersfield dashed those dreams on 
Oct. 15 at Triton occer tadium. 
In a match that featured plenty of 
offensive chances for both teams, 
the Roadrunners got the best of the 

Tritons, handing them a 2- 1 loss in 
the fmal home match of the season. 

The loss dropped the Tritons' 
California Collegiate Athletic 
Association record to 5-7-2 and 
their overall record to 7-8-2. The 
crushing loss ended UCSD's streak 
of three consecutive postseason 
appearances, including last year's 
playoff run that was cut short by 
onoma State in the semifinals. 

With the win, Cal State Bakersfield 

ERIK JEPSEN/GUIoRDIIoN 
Freshman defende1' Daniel Pavitt moves the ball up the flank paJt Cal State Bakersfield 
mid fielder Sammy Hemanda in the Tritons' final home game of the eason on Oct. 15. 

stands in second place in the CCAA 
South Division with 23 points, only 
one ahead of third place Cal State 
Dominguez Hills. 

On a day when the fans hon-
ored the seven seniors on this year's 
team, senior defenseman Dustin 
Tannenhaus opened the scoring 
only 10 minutes into the first half. 
Tannenhaus took a corner kick from 
junior mid fielder Tom Winkler and 
blasted it into the back of the net to 
give UCSD the early 1ead. 

"It was exciting to get an early 
goal to fire up the crowd on senior 
day:' Tannenhaus said. 

However, the good vibrations 
would not last, as the Roadrunners 
struck back only three minutes later 
with a goal by Ryan Gay. Both teams 
traded shots for the rest of the match, 
but in the 63rd minute, Cal State 
Bakersfield's Javier Barba beat fresh -
man goalkeeper Joshua Vasquez for 
the game-winning score. 

UCSD mustered 12 shots· on the 
night, but only two of those shots 
were on goal . 

"A lot of times we had guys take 
shots when they could have eas-
ily passed it off for an easy score," 
sophomore goalkeeper Luis Salazar 
said. "We defmitely were not cre-
ative enough up front ." 

Tannenhaus, a co-captain for the 
team, described the disappointment 

[ SOCCER, page 15 ) 

Men's Water Polo Drops 
Thriller to No.1 Trojans 

By Paul Choi 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

The UCSD men's water polo 
team finished fourth in the Southern 
California Tournament on Oct. 14-15, 
but it could have easily been on top. 

As expected, University of South em 
California, UC Berkeley, UCLA and 
UCSD, considered the nation's four 
best teams, reached the semifmals. 
After two tough first-round games, the 
No. 3 Tritons faced the No. I Trojans 
in the highly anticipated semifmal 
matchup, which USC took by a narrow 
9- 10 margin. 

"Our game with USC just proves 
what we're capable of.' UCSD head 
coach Denny Harper said. "Not every-
body can say that you're capable of 
being able to hang with a team that has 
that much talent and that many weap-
ons - I thought we played great." 

In the first game of the tournament, 
the Tritons faced the University of the 
Pacific. The Tritons' offense struggled 
in the first half, but the Ttgers faiIed to 
capitalize on UCSD's inept play. With 
seVeral strong saves by senior goal-
keeper Jeremy Randall, the game was 
tied 5-5 at halftime. 

"We had a lot of opportunities, but 
we couldn't finish it off.' said junior 
utility AJ. Kotanjlan, who led the team 
with three goals. "We were hitting posts 

and people's arms:' 
Pacific started the third quarter 

with a 3-0 run and seemed to be on its 
way to an upset. The Tritons drew an 
exclusion, and after a timeout, Harper 
sent in substitutes to revive the defense. 
The subs slowed the Tigers' attacks and 
five unanswered UCSD goals pushed 
the score to 10-8. 

Harper credited the help off the 
bench for the offensive surge. . 

"It was clear to me that our starter 
were in a funk, so I brought in that 
whole group and they kicked butt," 
Harper said. "They won the game for 
us - plain and simple." 

Pacific finally scored with three 
seconds remaining in the third quar-
ter to bring the game within one 
heading into the fourth quarter. 

In the fourth quarter, the Tritons 
were able to score two goals early 
to go up by three, 12-9. The Tigers 
roarm. back with two goals of their 
own,"'f)ut UCSD held on to the one-
point lead for a win, 12-11. 

"We weren't running the same 
defense that we were when the start-
en were in there; Pacific head coach 
Mike Maroney said. "Hats off to the 
San Diego guys that came off the 
bench and did a great job:' 

The TrItons faced the Air Force 

[ SOCAL, page 15 ] 


