
THREE SOLUTIONS TO THE ON-CAMPUS TRAFFIC JAM • OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, MAY 1, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

NCAA Toughens 
Rules On High 
School Recruits 

Baseball players put 
on the spot as officials 
question the academic 
prowess of incoming 
athletes. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

The NCAA granted new powers 
to its officials last week to scrutinize 
the academic records of high school 
recruits. The change comes after in-
house and public concern that some 
high schools ease curriculum for 
their athletes to make them eligible 
for the college sport league. 

The league hopes that the new 
policies will immediately stem the 
presence of high school "diploma 
mills." It has also commissioned a 
year-long study to find solutions for 
the poor academic performances of 
baseball players. 

In March, a relatively hefty num-
ber of baseball teams had their schol-
arships cut by the NCAA because 
of subpar academic performances 
by athletes. The same reductions 
happened last winter, with baseball 
teams receiving the most penalties 
of any sport except football. 

The enforcement followed 
a report by the New York Times, 
which revealed that a high school 
in Florida allowed over a dozen of 
its athletes to forge their academic 
records in order to meet eligibil-
ity requirements. Also, the emer-
gence of "nontraditional" schools, 
which offer diplomas and courses 
to students that fail at their state-
accredited high schools, are allow-
ing athletes to meet NCAA eligibil-
ity requirements in only a few weeks 
or months. Some of the schools even 
sold diplomas. 

After the scandal, an NCAA 
committee, which investigates eligi-
bility trends, initially recommend-
ed adopting policies that would 
give more authority to the NCAA 
Clearinghouse, a body that spear-
heads the group's assessment of high 
school recruits. 

"There is a shared responsibil -
ity among the NCAA, member 
institutions that apply admissions 
standards and state authorities who 
determine the eligibility of second-
ary institutions," President Myles 
Brand said during the meeting in 
which the association passed the 
policies. 

The new rules will give the body 
the power to investigate the student 
records of recruits that attend any 
high school not approved by the 
state. The NCAA will also be able to 
make visits to those schools to fur-
ther scrutinize the academic abili -
ties of athletes. 

l NCAA, page 7 ] 

fOOJS 

Students Mum Over Proposed TV Rules 

BillY WONG/GUARDIAN 
SR7V co-Manager Andrew Tess'station will remain ojf-{Jir, while administrators mull regulations to be applied to the station's cable network. 

Student input thin as 
administrators draw 
up their plans for 
Triton Cable. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

Students made little fuss about 
the first "acceptable use" policy 
draft for Triton Cable, which 

would bar campus entities from 
broadcasting several forms of 
nudity and profanity as well as put 
control of the network largely in 
the hands of the administration. 

The policy, written in March, 
was considered tentative for a 
month, while the Student Affairs 
department collected comments 
from faculty, students and staff. 
By the early April deadline, act-
ing Assistant Vice Chancellor 
of Student Life Gary R. Ratcliff 

had received only four comments 
from students. The majority of 
respondents found the regulations 
ludicrous, and considered the cre-
ation of the document to be an 
extreme reaction to broadcasts 
of pornography on Student-Run 
Television. 

After A.S. council members 
shut off SRTV in November - to 
ensure there would be no more 
indecent programming - admin-

[ AUP, page 3 ] 

A LINEUP 
WORTHY OF 

SUN G'OD? 
Genre artists draw 
applause from niche 
fans, but distaste from 
other students. 

By Jadyn Snow 
STAFF WRI TER 

This year's Sun God festival -
featuring My Chemical Romance, 
Cypress Hill, Talib Kweli and boy-
setsfire - features a relatively niche 
lineup that is drawing both fervent 
ire and support from students. 

The nature of the concert bill, 
with acts either appealing to fans 
of mainstream emo punk (My 
Chemical Romance), old school hip-
hop (Cypress Hill) or underground 
rap (Kweli), have split student opin-
ions on the concert's lineup quality. 

Some students have said they are 
not pleased with the headlining My 
Chemical Romance, with most of 
them arguing that the five -man band 
has too big of a mainstream presence 
to appeal to the average collegian. 

"I'm totally disappointed; 
Thurgood Marshall College fresh -
man Richard Chiem said. "My 
Chemical Romance is a terrible 
headliner. It's like bringing MTV to 

/ [ LINEUP, page 7 J 
<.. 

---------AMERICA'S COLLEGE STUDENTS---------

College Gender 
Gap Linked to 
Social Factors 

New study looks to 
history to find reasons 
for college's widening 
differences. 

By Matthew McArdle 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

Reasons for the gap between 
men and women in higher edu-
cation date back to the early 
1900s, according to a new study 
from the National Bureau of 
Economic Research. 

The report, conducted by 
three Harvard University econo-
mists, emphasizes that the num-
bers of males and females in col-
lege were roughly equal between 
1900 and 1930. At that time, 
women began seeking careers 
that required college education, 
beginning the trend that exists 
today, the study says. 

Among the factors cited 

[ GENDER, page 7 ] 

Asians Surpass Whites In UC Admit Numbers 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA FRESHMEN ADMISSION OFFERS 

Landmark figures show 
huge gains in Asian 
admissions. 

By Matthew McArdle 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

The University of California 
offered freshman admissions to 
almost 20,000 Asian students, 
marking the first time in the uni-
versity system's history that whites 
do not make up the largest ethnic 

group of admits, according to num-
bers released by the university. 

Out of 55,242 freshman admits 
this year, Asians made up a record 
36 percent systemwide, according 
to the data. The number of white 
admits was slightly lower at 35.6 
percent. At many uc campuses, 
including UCSD, Asians have long 
been a visible presence. 

The admission numbers showed 
that an Asian high school senior 
was more likely to apply to a UC 
campus than their white c1ass-

19,196 19,685 

mates. 
Almost 47 percent of Asian high 

school graduates applied to a UC 
school this year, a 4-percent jump 
from last year. Meanwhile, white high 
school graduates ranked second in the 
same category at 14 percent, accord-
ing to the San Francisco Chronic/e. 

This year's admission num -
bers, which have doubled in the 
last decade, continue an accelerat-
ing Asian presence at UCSD. In fall 

[ ADMISSIONS, page 7 ] 

INSIDE 
Too Good to Be True? Bring Out the Brooms Lights and Sirens .. .......... ....... 3 letters to the Editor ...... .... .... 5 

WEATHER 

• 
Multilevel marketing companies offer students 
a chance to make money, but often at a price. 
pale 8 

Baseball sweeps San Francisco State,jumping 
to the third place in the CCAA. 
pile 16 

Site Seen ................ .. ............... 9 
Campus Calendar ................ 10 
Classifieds ............................. 12 
Crossword ................... .......... 12 

/ 

May 1 Mar 2 
H68 L56 H69L55 

.. 
May 3 May 4 

H68 L56 H65L54 



2 NEWS 

We're Allin This 1-ftI1>9 ... 
~, 
'\-W~ / 

~r 
~ ... 

CURRENTS ------
Disturbance Traced 

to Sound Wave 
A group of scienti ts from 

cripps Institution of Oceanography 
has determined that a mysterious 
disturbance recorded by seismo-
graphs across Southern Ca lifornia 
earlier this month came from a 
giant sound wave originating from 
an area of ocean reserved for mil-
itary xercises and off-limits to 
civilian activity. 

The April 4 wave shook homes, 
rattled windows and set off more 
than two dozen seismometers before 
"petering out" over the Imperial 
Desert. The researchers determined 
that the disturbance came from a 
low-frequency wave from Warning 
Area 291, which includes San 
Clemente Island, a site that serves as 
a frequent home of military opera-
tions. Military officials said there 
were no tests in Warning Area 291 
that day. 

The team also compiled a list of 
similar, though less powerful, wave-
induced disturbances originating 
from the same area. Scientists sug-
gested the possibility of a meteor 
disturbance in the atmosphere, but 
the American Meteor Society has 
not reported any recent meteors in 
the area. 

Starlings Learn 
Grammar Patterns 

Starlings have the abi lity to 
learn syntactic patterns previously 
thought lea rnable only by humans, 
according to a new UCSD study. 

Led by psychology professor 
Timothy Q. Genter and published 

in this week's issue of Nature, the 
study revealed that the three-ounce 
bi rds have the abi lity to classify 

acou~tic sequences defined by cen-
ter-embedded grammars, which 
occur when new words and clauses 
are inserted into sentences, adding 
new information to the sentence 
and making it longer. 

The birds were able to distin-
guish between sets of songs with 
additional sounds inserted in the 
middle. 

The findings contradict a simi -
lar 2004 study using cotton-top 
tamarin monkeys and challenge 
the long-held beliefs of linguists 
including Noam Chomsky, who 
say that the ability to identify 
and construct center-embedded 
grammars is a defining feature of 
human speech. 

Tech Institute Names 
Resident Artist 

The UCSD division of 
the Ca li fo rnia Institute for 
Telecommunications and 
Information Technology has 
named its first artist in residence 
in an effort by technologists to 
give artists a more visible role 
in the evolution of scientific 
research. 

The institute appointed visu-
al arts professor and Director of 
UCSO's Center for Research and 
Computing in the Arts Sheldon 
Brown for a two-year term. His 
work examines relationships 
between "mediated and physical 
experiences" and crosses many 
art genres, including sculpture, 
painting, video and virtual real-
ity. 

Head, Neck. 
Spine Center of SD 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La Jolla, CA 92037 
818118-3111 Fa 8INI8-3841 

www.lajolladc.com 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus 1 
Tell Your Parents to Buy Q 

Condo for Youl 
WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the nnt money to pay for the mortgage ••• 
• You live ;n the condo for FREE. and ... 
•. . . your ptJnnts con wrlte off the Intenst on the mortgagel 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-060' 
Finestrealtor@hotmail.com • www.cbcalifornia.com/tobin 

3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI TorIto 
(858) It 52-991t9 I L _______________________ _ 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 1, 2006 

_ Miklos c.,,-
Hellher Welles ChII1ei,..,... __ 

_ ..... McArdIe ~_ .. 

MIri .... MIdden o,IoIDo .... 
_c...p ... o,ioIoo ..... 
!!.olEN"", ..... _ 

DonIlt ..... nser -... ..... _ 
ChriotIno.... _ .... 

_fedeN ~ __ 

CodyI.NahotolS ...... .... 

Chri...,.CIIrk -''-<Il10 ...... -. 
Caelle ..... 

BilyWons ......... 
AI ••• nderV.,ond ~ __ 

Andrew Nguyen DotIp .... 

Riley S.ldn.·I'1!.rce AIIIdIo< 
IdiIorioI~ 

Mi.tlIewt_ .... 

Ri<:h.,d Chao. N.i~ =--WeocIy SIIIoo. th.lo UedI, _ W1boo 
As Rata Rile. ~ .... Trrto IAKtIa 
&t:pet1J fIIJ''''''''''lO ~ ......... ,.,.., ....... 

c.,,-
Nln! But, ChriS C(Mngt~ HidIey Mendon. 

._OrtlZ)' 

jtJr SItIJItwrl-".,.. PWS ..... iIt It+ Kotheri.,. McCall _ GoooroI MMop< 
MdlaeIF .... k' -.. ....... 

M!c1ool1e1 .. ; _~"-' 

u.s. ~ .... IacnFd. Yi~Gla'ra1ano ...... ~ MokeM."""" ...... AIt_ 
.,., ....... " ....... , • .... t.IIIIIi.IO .. ., loshRose *'-

._-......... ,.,.., ... 
1 .... Ouch"" KiM ..... t. 

- ........... u,..t G<o!Be Chen • ..a....I Choi 
-..... 

Te". luchin, Coli, c..., 1r ... r 01,.., 
The UCSD c...rdi.. is ""bli,hed Mondoy, 
ind Thur1do,. duri,,!! t"" Kid<mlc !"or by 
UCSO $I",,","" olld fOl .... UCSO """ ... OIIy. 
ReproductiOA of this new'IfN1*-' ill Iny ,formj 
whether In .. or in prIrt. WIItout permission 
i, . tri<tly pr ___ 0" ........ r ... ....ed. 
The UCSD CuordiM i, not ....... ble for .he 
return of ~ici,ed mlnuscrlpll Of 1ft. The views 
.... , .. oed heroin do nor nee......, represent the 

~~C;:;~r~ t:: ~~Io.~~n:~ T~;~Cs~ 
C.,.,dian I, lund<d solely by _rtlSing. Us: 1. 

Urtthle~o. 

General Editorial: 856-5]4.{,51!O 
editOt@ucsdg.Jilldian.org 

Want to be a newsie? 
~8Sl-5J.1.sm, ..... !~,~."" 
focus:8Sl-5J.I.sm,f~."" 
Hialus:8Sl-5l46S&l. "'~."" 1:nion: 1158-5J4.6582, opiniort@ucidsuomlon."" : 8Sl-5J4.4181. spomf!/ucJdPdIon.org o:lI58-5J4.6582,~."" 

Advertising: 856-534-3466 

(We think you'd be great) 
P.S. You get paid. 

ads@UCsdguatdim.org 
Fax: 856-5304-7691 

Applications available at www.ucsdguardian.org 

customer Stlla/SetYicr 

HELP 
WANTED 

Pay starting at 
$1725 .... ,Appt 
Flexible schedules, will 
train, conditions apply, 
no expo req., all majors. 
Openings in La Jolla. 

Apply at 
www.worIrforstudents.com 

760-942-1223 
,-----------

BRENDAAnAMS: 
at ALEX'S SALON : 

I 

I 
I 

"Haircut,rtgWl I 
'II Up do or 1<5. S4S I 
"'Coloror Foil HiLites, l<f$B5 II 

and up 
." _Hf/.trH.t. I 

e .. ,.. ,.,/1 11M "",fI_ •• ". I 
8915 Towne Center Drive I 

San Diego, CA 92122 I 
L __ '~'.!2~.~II! __ I 

ACADEMY SKIN PHYSI('''lANS, INC. 
Alhabeth L. Truong, M.D. 
Diplomate, American Board of Dermatology 

President, San Diego Society for 
Dermatologic Surgery 2003-2004 

Assistant Clinical Professor of Medicine, UCSD 

For expert treatment of all sirin, hair and nail diseases including: 
• Acne and Acne Scars • Laser Hair Removal 
• Hairloss and Nail Fungus • Removal of RedIBrown Spots 
• Eczema and Warts • Chemical Peels 
• Moles and Skin Cancers • Botal( and Restylane 

Conveniently ~510 Executive Drive, Suite 210 
100ated ill UTe San Diego, CA 92121 

(858) .. 52-H30 

MONIMY, MAY 1, :DI6 

LIGHTS & SIRENS~--
~"""2J lJaDa.aa DnuIk Ia .... 
• Oftlcer IaitiIted ICdYity In Lot 
701. 0jJItJm .,..1fIbJ«t. 
....... ..""l4 
12:32 a.&a ........ 
• Oftlcer IDitiatecI acd9tIy 011 the 
watead of Lot 701. 0JIkm ..... 
SllbJ«t. 
1:46 .... : NGIIe ........... 
• Loud ItOIIIpiDa, taIliaa IDd 1auP-inB occumcl at NcIItb AmerIca Hall. 
S,,*,ts 111m ",., M ..m.J. 
9186..-.:0-.1 ........... 
• A patrae at Price Cater WIt 
barualJll-- emplopeea. s., 
coopmwd. 
12:25 , .... 1kydIIt ..., 
• Officer Initiated actiYity at Library 
Walk. VerNlMlnlillf ...... 
12:)4 ,.&1 ...... ..." 
• Officer InldatecI actiYity at Library 
Walk. SuIIj«t WIll cltML 
1118 p.ILI ........ aid 
• A 19-year-old female .tudeD! 
complIiDed of stomach pains at 
Solis HaD. 

n..My...-:a 
1131..-.: NoJaa.....,.... 
• LoucI muaic: occuned far ODe hour 
at AfrIca lUll. SubjmJ ctIGfI'NWti 
)126 p.ILI MadIceI aid 
• Puamedia attcDded to • 59-,...· 
old male with 1IIIItUIe breatbiDa at 
JoIaa MaGra Cancer CCDIiIr. 
622 p.ILI GeDanI .......... 
• A 54-,...-oId white ......... 
..... tIuats at ShIley B7e Ceater. 

Hello reader! 
Evaluate the 
.Guardian. 
Tell us how what we do 
right. wrong and so-so by_ 
joining our focus-group. 

Mf .... AI"IlII 
I •• a.a.a NGIIe ..... 111._ 
• Loud taIklna aad ~ bard 
at NGrIb A.nca HaIL SubJ«tI 111m 
"..; ... 1I1riwIL 
2:22 a.a.a Dratla .... 
• 0fIIccr iDJtIIfccI actt.ity on the 
WIlt ead of Lot 702. 0JJbn .,.".. 
subJ«t. 
101)4 a.a.a 8IqdiII..., 
• 0Iker IDitIIIed ICIiYity at Vof8bt 
Dri" and Lot 701. M1nM ..,."... 
w-L 
•• 51 ..... 5 ............. 
• All oIfker lnIIiated actiYity at 
Center HaD IDd obIerwcl • white 
male eduIt. with • ~ • ydIow 
jacbt and blue jaDI trylna doon 
to II' \lito the buildlna. 0jJiur ~ 
."..,. to I«IIk tIw ~1Ml. 
11116,. ... HIt .... na 
• The IncicleDt ocaarrecI at Lot 701. 
n.. 111m 110 btJlllia. 
):14 p.a.: 1IqdIat .... 
• Officer lnltiated activity at RcpIlta 
RaId. WrfIteII --. iIswII. 
1c42 .... : HIt .... ,... 
• The incident occurred at Lot 206. 
171m 111m 110 btjIIrla. 
"" ""1 s..,IdMI ..... 
• All officer lnitiIIed actiYIty at 
GeiIel Ubnry IDd obtenecl • bIadt 
male adult with • bucbaII ap aad 
bear jaDI. 0Jfim" II'IU .,...." to 
"'"* tIw ituMviJuL 

-I, CUrIa NPJft 
NfWsEDIlOI 

THE UCSD CiUADAN NEWS 3 

SRTV Policy Input Came Mostly from Student Politicians 
.~from"..1 
iItnIDn ............. rna AS. 
PnIidmt CuiItopbcr SMeteD to 
iWIdt ... die ....... SIIIce .... 
the edm' ........... _ pewated 
die ...... fnIID ........... OII-air. III 
III aureat wnIaa, the AUP would 
coadDue dutl bmd, requiriDt QID-
puI cIeputIDIIIII vkIIttdas paIIcy to 
DDdfy edmiDlItnIIun «their brada 
aad poIIIItIe IM'CtimI 

"WidUn flYe caIeDdar clays of 
tbiI IIIItb. the caqIUI deplrtmem 
IIIUIt nplr ill writia8 UId identify the 
ac:tiaaa It wiD • to pmaIt _. 
renee «the vIoIIdoa,- RIfdIff atared 
In aD e-JDIil to AS. CommiIIioner 
of Communlatliona Soap Chum. 
who __ the IIIticlII fiIr the AS. 
CouodI. 

The oripIal draft of the AUP put 
.. ccDnII « the poIicy'a eaforce-
meat III the hinds «VIce Ch..veIInr 
«Studem AfIiIn JoIeFb w. WIDoft. 
'I1Ie Iack« ItUcIes ccDnII OWl' QID-
puI broadcaItI WIt the locus «much 
of the ........... 'uri", in 
QI!IIIIM1IIIs .... by AS. PraidaJt-
elect HIrry KhInDa. 

"Havlna ODe adminiatntor 
• the Judee. Jury aad aec:udoIIer 
ruDI IpIIIII what we WIIIt aad haw 
eqatMd ....... IDIl • Iludeut 
~ Kbumallid. 

Eldlutbiayar.IlDcIenIa~IIl. 
• ip!daI fktion to allow pomoppb-
it tan.bItI 011 SRI'v. The ruIeI are 
the IIIat eampIes d admIDiItnIIoa's 
iDdifIaeac:e IOwUd IIudeat apaiOD. 
ICCICII'dIat to RcwIIe CoIIete Senior 
SaIIIor lIcIIfJ Corell, who aIIo IUb-
miIaeII • cwnment CmIL Khaana, 
GIber mmx:iImemben IDIl IbIdon 
(O-MIiD9r Andrew h dnfted • 
DeW la'IIioa « the ItIticM dIarta 
III February. which did not prohibM 
IIUdity or pniaDIty. 

CcnII aid tbe t.d RriouI res-
erVIdODI wiIb the Initial draft, ape-
cWy In the clog""""" wonIini thIt 
JlI'ObI*ed bro.daIIt of'1lJsbly 0&11-

STUDENT COMMENTS ON ~ TV lUllS 

aiw- worcIa -lnchMli"l "the F-word'" 
- between 6 un. aad 10 pm. 

"The P-wonlf- abe IIid. "The 
cIog!!lM!!t DIIIds like It was written 
for cbiIdrm.-

RIIdift' raponded dutl the uni-
wnity boIda SKI'Y, which he labeled 
• -~ cIepartment.- to • hIaher 
Itmdud thaD the able cbInoeIa that 

reprding the policy. Only two &tu-
dela outIide of the A.5. Council 
reaponded to Rltditf's caD fur com-
ments, which could waken students' 
cbancea to repin power ova' the 
1tItion. Corell said. 

"I ezpected way _ say from 
IIudems, IDIl ita ewn more disap-
poiIltiDc that hIrdIy any AS. counciI-
memben voiced their tnput.- abe said. 
"But, It the SlIDe time, I feel that our 
edminiatntlon doD't giw • .rut about 
atudenti op\DioIII anyway. After all, 
[Ratdiff] didn't listen to students in 
the apedII eI«tion.-

Howewr. Khanna Ittributed the 
cte.rtb of input to • lack of student . 
ImcJwIedee of the nuaDCeI of 1\iton 
Cable. 

In lIddition, two university 
employees raponded with com-
ments, but CIpmICd no qualma 
about the propoeed policy. 

broedc:at pn6aity 011 'JkIIm Cable. "Aademic AfWn has no con-
"Campus ...... are • tninina caDI with the proposed policy inso-

puund fiIr fiJlUft broIdcaa profes- fir II it would haft • neptiw ~ 
skloaIs:' he ICIIicd In aD e-1IlIiI. "It is upon the education miNion of the 
the ap«1IIioIl «the IJIIMnity that . campua.- ASIOCiaIie VICe Chancellor 
campua depertmeID broIdcaating «UncIerpaduIte Education Mark I. 
on the TrtIon CIbIe network comply Appebum stated in his comment. 
with curreaa FCC repIItiona.-

Corell abo aid tbe was wor- JWuIen C4UI contact ChtJrles Nguyen 
rIed about the lack «Iludent input 41 clwIes_nguym~gJobal.net. 

FR!DAY 
.. . 



4 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madkn 
opinion@ucsdguardian_org 

~"NN'"' ","",U .. ,,,. 

THE*,GuARoIAN 
Web poll I What's the best way to solve the parking problem? 

OPINION 
• Don't sell passes to freshmen 
o Raise prices for passes 
• Create mo~e parking spaces 

-. Encourage alternative transportation 
Vote 011 the _.-!Ioa at """..,.,...." 

MONDAY, MAY 1.2006 ............................................ .. 

• 

from. the 

YOU know what really grinds my gears? When you can't find the parking space you're looking for. And it seems JIlost UCSO commuters would agree. It's no great secret that conveniently located "S. spots are a rarity. Between 1 0 a.m. and 2 
p.m., "S" spots at all six coUege lots are filled to capacity, according to the 2006 survey conducted 

by UCSD's Transportation and Parking Services - and almost any UCSO driver. The park-
ing structures are no better: Undergraduate spaces in both Gilman and Roosevelt's Pangea 

structures are 100 percent full during peak hours. the survey found. 
It may be surprising. then, that even during peak hours there are hundreds upon 

hundreds of "S" spots available. They just happen to be in the Regents and East lots 
in UCSD's east campus. the far-off and probably mythical1and on the east side of 
Interstate 5. And there these spots sit, I1rge1y unUled. 

There's a free shuttle that runs from the Resmts and East lots to the main 
campus (every three to 10 minutes); and La}olla's consistentlygorgeous weather 
practicaJJy begs for you to walk to class. But despite these COIlWIIiences, the out-
1ying lots are underutilized because. frankly, few people want to pay $504 for a 
permit to park in the rniddIe of nowhere. 

And that's why a new, two-tiered permit system might help reduce trans-
portation headaches for everyone. 

Stanford University, for instance, has a two-tier permit system for 
commuters. The first type of pennit allows users to park in aU lots, so 

drivers can choose the lot most convenient for them. The second type 
of permit allows drivers to park only in designated "remote" lots that 

are generally far away from campus buildings - and it costs about 
60 percent less. 

A similar system at UCSD might make our own remote lots 
much more attractive to undergraduate commuters. Instead of 
issuing a blanket "S. permit, why not create a second type of per-
mit (perhaps "T") that costs less but allows drivers to park only in 
the East and Regents lots~ 
. Assuming the new permits don't simply cannibalize current "S. 

pennit sales, filling the currently unused "S" spots in east campus 
- which nwnber weU over 800 even during peak hours - would cre-
ate more revenue for T&PS, which would be a good thing for UCSO 
commuters. Because of funding restrictions imposed by the 1960. 
University Master Plan, UC schools are unable to use state or univer-
sity money to pay for auxiliary services like parking and housing. As 
a result, parking services rely on their own revenue to pay for new • 

projects - likt parking structures and improvements to the 
Cityshuttle program. 

"Parking fees have to cover current Operating costs and 
also the costs of the debt incurred when we build new 

The parking problem is a simple expression of economics: The demand for parking spots exceeds the supply. To achieve the economist's 
orpsm (that is, ba1anced supply and demand). ~ must 
either raise supply or lower demand 

We could raise supply by building more parking lots 
and structures, but paving green fields or constructing 
towering concrete eyesores would tarnish our beautiful 
campus. Additionally, the hefty costs and the possibility 
of construction going to ~ (the east campus lots) 
make increasing the supply unappealing. 

We could lower demand by unleashing wave-after-
wave of voracious signature-gatherers and insult comics 

across the parking lots. making the spaces less desirable. 
or we could reduce demand in more practical way: rais-

",.../ ing the price. Alas, this notion offends the part of my brain 
Y which abhors the idea of parking lots reserved for rich snobs. 

But as ugly as it is. this is most pragmatic Way to balance supply 
and demand. 

I mproving the parking situation for all is bound to require pain for some. Fortunatdy, there are simpler solutions to parking than paving over the campus until it resembles Los Angeles. 
First of all, on-campus residents should be dissuaded from 

buying permits and fleeing campus on weekends - especially 
freshmen, whose reliable presence on evenings and weekends 
would feed into a more vital campus social life. ill 2001, UCSD's 

Transportation Policy Committee estimated that between _ 
30 and 40 percent of resident students park on campus 

and purchase monthly, quarterly or yearly student 
permits. RAs and HAs have reason to use 

their cars (to run to Costco to buy food 
for their residents), but UCSD freshmen 

C do not - or should not. The mass exodus on weekends only creates the dullness that freshmen complain about. . ~= ~ Explicitly barring campus-dweDers from buying parking permits isn't necesaariIy called 
_ for; lettins them ~ buy a permit that would 
'~::; let them park in • diitant lot would make IaIIe, 

because they use their cars only rarely compared 
to everywiay commuters. Alternatively, the price of 

a permit could be limply railed for CIl1lpUI residents 

parking structures, which is likt the cost of your 
home mortgage." T&PS Director of Planning and 
Analysis Greg Snee said in an interview. "A par:king 
structure that costs S 10 million to build will wind 
up costirtg $22 million once you payoff the debt" 

If used to pay down existing or future debt, 
parking ~nue from the sale of additional per-
mits can reduce construction costs significantly by 
reducing the amount of money spent on interest 
payments - which increases the likelihood that 
much-needed parking structures can be buih. 

The 2006 parking data also reveal what most 
UCSD drivers already know: Undergraduate lots 
are often full even during off-peak hours. As late 
as 5 p.m., "S. spots in the six college lots are over 
90 percent full, suggesting that on -campus resi-
dents take up a Significant portion of near-cam-
pus parking spaces. Many embittered commuters 
shake their fists at the roughly 2,200 permit -hold-
ing campus residents, arguing that students who 
live near their classes and use their cars only spo-
radicaJJy should not be allowed to park on cam-
pus. Indeed, many universities prohibit freshmen 
from bringing cars, and as UCSO's population 
increases we may see similar restrictions here. But 
given the nUmber of empty spaces in the east lots, 
these limitations seem unnecessary. Restricting 
on-campus drivers to "T"lots (pemaps only dur-
ing daylight hours) would allow UCSD residents 
to Uep their cars, while freeing up near-campus 
spaces for everyday users. 

Obviously, a two-tier permit system would 
need to be fine-tuned to accommodate UCSO's 
particular demands. How much are students will-
ing to pay for a remote-lot-only permit? Would 
selling "T" permits transfer students from "S"lots, 
or would it simply fill up both types of lot? The 
answers to these questions will define h~ such a 
system would or would not work at UCSD. 

- Natfum Mi'dos 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

By raising the annual permit cost to, say, $800, 
those who are willing to pay more for the privi-
lege eX parking would do so. while those who do 
not receive sufficient uti1ity (satisfaction) from 
parking to pay that much would switch to pub-
lic transportation, carpooling or permit -sharing. 
Those in the 1atter category will find a1ternative 
transportation. thus relieving demand and achiev-
ing its balance with the supply. 

A two-tiered system may not provide enough 
incentive for students to park in the boonies, and 
un1ike raising permit costs, it might not generate 
additional revenue with which to increase the 
parking spot supply in the future. This solution of 
raising prices isn't going to win the hearts of most 
students, but in the. end, rose-colored glasses can 
be most uncomfortable. 

- DavidJohnston 
STAff WRITER 

compared to commuters. Commuters have a con-
crete and daily need for a permit, while campus 
residents do not, and should be encouraged to 
share rides with sultemates. 

For a two-pronged solution, public transpor-
tation and biking to school must be encouraged 
among short -distance commuters. The TPC stat-
ed, "At least 42% of students and 11 % of employ-
ees live within a defined transit line located 
within the free zone; however. less than 3% use 
public transportation." Part of the reason must be 
that Qtyshuttles are somewhat unreliable. as they 
are often filled to capacity. whiJe city buses are 
slow, inconvmialt and definitely UIU'eliable. Not 
much can be done about the d.iImal city buses. 
but Cityshuttle service can IIlways be improved 
At present, for example, they are full during peak 
commuting hours. while they run empty or near-
empty late into the night. Small adjustments to 
service could make them mOre available when 
students need them. 

[ I'AlKING~!'IF 6] 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Cuardian, the Unltl'emty of c.Jlfomia or Associated Students. 

MONDAY, MAY 1, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Cops Leave No (Property) Crime Behind 
TWO years ago, a member of the UCSD Police Department contacted the Guardian with 
an outrageous claim: The depart-
ment's top officers, upset with the 

property crima over other types of 
often dangerous crimes. 

There was. and still is, good rea-
son for the department to have been 
worried about things likt bike and car 

to look the other way. (By compari-
son. property-crime. data is based on 
reported offenses, not arrests.) 

workload caused 
by an exploding 
number of drunk-
driving arrests, 
had told junior 
officers to make no 
more "purposeful" 
DUI stops on the 
streets around the 

theft Between 
.... -1111111111111~--- 2001 and 2004, Hats the last year for 

The other important document, 
known as the Clery Report, does 
not emphasize DUls at all Passed in 
response to the murder of a girl named 
Jeanne Clery at Lehigh University, the 
federal aery Act requires universi-
ties to report their crime numbers 
to the Department of Education or 
face civil fines and the possibility of 
their students losing access to fed-
eral financial aid Though the Clery 
Report includes a broad category for 
drug- and alcohol-related violations 

(Ium~ together with illegal weap-
ons po$essions). it places particular 
focus on thefts, bu rglary and sexual 
assault. 

which statistics 

Off are available, the number of 
property crime Vladimir 

vkogan@ucsd.edu offen$es at 
UCSO rose by 

an astounding 45 percent, compared 
to a 9 percent drop for the University 
of California as a whole in the same 
~rioo.ill2004,thecampusr~ 
up 646 property violations, almost 
100 more than UC San Francisco, 
though the former is located in a 
major metropolitan area. 

campus, or face a reprimand. When 
several <?fficers continued to stop 
drunk drivers (the source particu-
larly mentioned Officer John Smart), 
they were sanctioned. 

For the lowly freshman staff writ-
er I was at the time, it was as exciting 
a story as one could get. During the 
foUowing three weeks, I proceeded 
with half a dozen interviews - some 
on the record, some off, some with 
regular officers, some with official 
department spokespeople. At the end, 
however, we were never able to either 
fully confirm or fully deny the aUt-
gations (Iargdy because few officers 
were comfortable enough to speak 
frankly), and no story ever ran. 

Two years later, that story provides 
an important backdrop for the contro-
versy surrounding the department's 
pay-for-arrest scandal Under a plan 
proposed by one of the department's 
lieutenants, but never implemented, 
each officer was promised a $10 gift 
certificate for arresting suspects for 
car theft and several other categories 
of property crimes. Individual squads 
and the entire department were also 
promised parties for hitting specific 
arrest targets. 

What is similar between the two 
strange policies are the types of crimes 
chosen as the primary focus. By either 
using the carrot (gift certificates and 
parties) or the stick (threat of a rep-
rimand), both policies were largely 

desi~ to make officers prioritize 

Given that the UCSD department 
has the lowest number of officers per 
thousand people on campus in the 
system - just 0.7 officers per thou-
sand - it should come as no surprise 
that a growth in 

Given these reporting rules, and 
the incentives they create, it should 
come as no surprise that the police 
department would teU its officers to 
focus on the crime categories that 
prove most embarrassing for the uni-
versity. The department can focus on 

drunk drivers and 
see the crime rate a certain category 

of crimes would 
have caused the 
department to 
change its priori-
ties and divert its 
resources, instead 
of simply increas-
ingboth. 

" e most recent 
pay proposal was 

go up, or it can 
tell the officers to 
look for thieves 
(many of whom 
are repeat offend-
en) with the pos-
sibility of arrest-
ing a serial bike 
thief and thus 
preventing fur-

simply a response 
to institutional 

The other 
explanation for 
both policies 

incentives." 
addresses the per-
verse incentives created by various 
annual reporting regimes. Ironically, 
when UCSO officers make a drunk-
driving arrest, the campus' crime rate 
goes up; the university's annual crime 
report does not include a category for 
"lives saved; and instead adds a tally 
for each DUI to "other offenses." If 
an officer arrests a drunk driver, the 
crime rate increases, and the univer-
sity looks bad, encouraging the police 

ther thefts. What 
rational adminis-

trator would choose the former? 
As controversial as the most 

recent pay proposal may have 
seemed, it was simply a response to 
institutional incentives. Unless the 
police department gets more money 
to hire more officers. or the way 
crimes are reported changes, it will 
simply be one of many Similarly silly 
responses to the rising number of 
propeny offenses. 

OPINIONS 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR-
HR-509 Article Unfair 

and Incomplete 
Dear Editor: 

The article "Bill Could Force Profs 
to Defend Lectures" by Matthew 
McArdle was appalling. The bill that 
this article is based around is never 
named, frustrating independent 
research into the topic. The infor-
mation that is given, moreover, is 
vague and incomplete to the point of 
manipulation. HR-509 dearly states 
that: "Nothing ... shall be construed to 
authorize the illtemational Advisory 
Board to mandate, direct, or control an 
institution of higher education's spe-
cific instructional content, curriculum, 
or program of instruction." 

AU the fear about fascist government 
oversight of higher education that this 
article seems aimed to generate is dis-
pelled with a simple reading of the bill. 
I find it irresponsible that the Guardian 
could publish Kokotovic's daim as fact 
that the bill will lead to the government 
"teUing scholars and teachers what they 
can research and teach" when the truth 
is so obviously different. 

Whether from a lack of journalistic 
standards or the furthering of an agen-
da. this article does blatant violence to 
the truth. and that is something the 
Guardian should be ashamed of. 

- Travia Wdqcr 
Revelle College Sophomore 

Tritons United! 
Apologize for Violations 
Dear Editor: 

I worked out an informalagreemmt 
with Denis Shmidt that stipulated that 
Tritons United! should stop campaign-
ing on April 14 at noon instead of at 4 
p.m. Ahhough We took down aU our 
fl~rs and stopped all campaigning. the 
Tritons United! Facebook group and 
Web site remained online. The elec-
tions committee decided that this broke 

the informal agreement with Shmidt, 
so they punished Tritons United! by 
requiring the following actions: 

I. Hand out flyers on Library Walk 
explaining that we left our Facebook 

-group and Web site up for four extra 
hours . 

2. Buy online Facebook advertising 
explaining that we left our Facebook 
group and Web site up for four extra 
hours. 

3. Speak at the A.S. meeting and teU 
them that we left our Facebook group 
and Web site up for four extra hours. 

4. Write this letter to the Guardian, 
outlining the violation. , 

-- Daniel Watts 
Former ~dential Candidate, 

Tritons United! 

Aim of UCSC 'Protest 
Misunderstood 

Dear Editor: 
Upon reading ~Students Against . 

the War' Protests Hinder Practice of 
Free Speech" in your paper I think that 
Ms. Naraghi is missing the entire point 
of the protest_ First of all, addressing 
the "free speech of recruiters; accord-
ing to the News Hour, the Pentagon 

.has a publication budget of over S40 
billion. It is almost impossible to watch 
television. listen to the radio, drive on 
the highway or read a magazine with-
out seeing an advertisement for the 
armed forces. Anyone in this country 
with a phone and access to media can 
join the Army. 

Secondly, the Solomon Amendment 
is itself a tool that violates free speech. 
If a university such as ours decides to 
seriously practice policies that counter 
racism, sexism and homophobia, the 
amendment can be used to essentiaUy 
blackmail our institutions. Since you 
cannot be openly gay in the military, 
then the military discriminates and is 
in violation of campus policy. 

[ LETTERS, page 6 J 

1tII'IIiI.iIIw:'¥ ScIHHJ: WIMt AppIicmm for AJmimon 
in 2fJ()7 N.J tD Know 
Wednesday· 5/3 • 5p.m.-6p.m. 

~rrw &boo/: A.., Uig &AppI;ymg 
Tuesday· 5/9 • 2p.m.-3p:m 

School: WINu~.for AJmiuUm 
in 2007 N.J tD Know 
Wednesday· 5/10 • 12p.m.-1p.m. 

MMiaJ Scbool Optitnu 
Thursday· 5118 • 3:3Op.m.-4:45p.m, 

SeIJooh WIMt~.for AJmissUJn 
in 2007 NMtI tD Know 
Wednesday· 5124· 5p.m.-6p.m. 

y.",. P"JOIfIII ~.for HMlth 
~&hool 
Thursday· 5125 • 2p,m.-3p.m. 

\ I 'jll 1! ~ I' \ , ,j 11 t t ,I ' \ r J(, j • • II 

__ lart;1er )(lrVIClJ" (.Intl'r \', \1 II r 11. \' I'k 
) I) ) : 1 ~' I } 



6 OPINION 

... for my leaders •.. 

• • • ~or my soldier • • • 

• • • for ~y nation • • • 

first ·thursday of may 
www.natIona .... yotpray •• org 

THE UCSD CUARDIAN MONQf.Y, MAY 1, 2006 

Solutions to Parking Woes Abound 
• MIUCING, from page 4 

And what of biking to achooU Within • 
. two-mile ndiua of campus lift ·7.000 1tU-

dents (3.150 currently drivtna alone) and 
1,000 employees while only about SOO people 
\lie biqdes to COIIIJIIUte to UCSO; the TPC 
reports. Why 11ft the workout for RIMAe 
when lOme Iisht eurciIe can be u simple u 
biking to school? Think of the money sawel by 
not buying • parking permit - and the time 
saved, coosidering that trolIins for a parldna 
IpKe can easily top 20 minutes. 

Lastly. carpooling is not just for freshmen with 
the foraight to leave their cars in' Orange County. 
CompIaes likc eo.ta Verde and La Regenda are 
crowded with studenta, and no one living theft 
baa much of a raIOIl to drift alonc to school 
when ~ to carpool with a fdJow UCSD 

u.s. Fails to Protect Soldiers, Vets 
• LETlBlS, from page 5 

The moat important point II the fact that we 
are currently involved in an unjult war that was 
justified by lies and has now killed over 100,000 
Iraqis, according to the Umat, • medical jour-
nal Additiona1ly, over 2,300 American troops 
have been killed. 

The same institution that is IeDdiDs young 
men and women to kiD and be killed has a ter-
rible track reCord of Iooldng after their own. 
One-third of the homelaa population in thla 
country is made up of fttcrIDa.l haft penonally 
met IIWlY veterans ofthia currad war who haft 
horror stories about IOIdien who are not receiv-
ing medical attention and/or benefits_ Even 
worse. soIdien in Iraq who are suffering from 
mental illness or severe injuries haft been aent 
back on the front Iina. 

Either you support the war or you want It 
to end. If you are ipinIt the war, protesting 
military recruiten II an eftKtM way to do ao. 
People can stop the drive for war by mass peace-
ful protest. Ever since ItUdents In Seattle pro-
tested recruiten on Inauguration Day in 2005. 
students all over the country. from New York to 
Santa Cruz, have chaIIcnpd them. The potentia1 
~ of the counter-recruitment 1IIO\'e-
menta is 10 pal that the PentIFn keep. a dole 
~ and IabeIa them -cmtibIe threata.-

With (j() pel'CCDt of the country now thinking 
the war is a miItake and 30 percent of soIdien 
in Iraq favorina immediate withdrawal, anyone _ 
who orpniza Ipioat the war is a credible 
threat. So It makes aeme for everyday people 
to do what they an to atop the war. PropaI 
has always been made through strugIe. and 
the protest by Students ApinJt War (SAW.) 
and numerous orpnlutIMJ ICl'OU the country 
was a good start to end this abominable war 
in Iraq. 

-AlaMncho TlDoap 
uCSant.Cnu: 

.7Jw GuInIIm ............ from ill ....... 
AI "." ,.., be 110 ".... "- 5DO --. 
",.,. ..... f/IGI*I-...., wiIII._ tIIfIl 
.",.." ... LdIm ".", .., aJflfllillll J1Iaw 

~ Mfr..-w""""'" edit".".,. tIIfIl ~ lMIm....,be",.,.,~GuanIiIn fI/Ib l1li lite ...." JIt»r "lite Ccnfer or 
HttIIIW. s-l .. ""."., • 

n..uaD~ 
0pIIdaB I!dItow 

.. <a.aDr.OJI6 
La ..... CA 921193-0316 

e-.-il: 
......... c ............ 

Depressed? 
Sleeping Too Much? 

Not Enjoying Life? 
If you IK between chc ages f1 18 and 65 and have not responded 
to matmeIlt for dcpra.ion. you may be eligible to participaIe in a 
clinical ~ ItIicly of an in~tional medication. 

Quali6cd panicipants may receive study-related evaluations. 
medical care. raearch. medication and laboratory work - at no cost. 

All telephone calla and visits ~ c:on6dential and ..rely amducted 
under the supervision of experienced physicians and mean::h 
spccialiIa. 

To learn mole, pIeae all _ Sharp Mesa Via aioiall R.aft:h 
Center at (ISS) 6M-Q5O. 

Clinical 
Research Center 
M4RRb';r 

...... _IHC 

MONDAY, MAY 1, 2006 

Sun God Fest Costs About $8 
Per Undergrad, Morris Estimates 

• LINEUp, from page 1 
UCSD." 

However, the band's presence on 
the popular music scene was the 
main reason other students were 
happy with the A.S. programming 
office's choice. 

"My Chemical Romance was a 
good choice even though they're 
not my favorite band; Earl Warren 
College sophomore Nick Norton 
said. 

Still, some students said that they 
had no famil -

f' 

Brian Serocke said he is pleased 
with the full line up, other students 
expressed less enthusiasm. 

"' feel like the Sun God commit-
tee likes getting groups that are out 
of the loop and are trying to come 
back, or groups that arc just out 
of the loop," Earl Warren College 
senior Craig Edelman said. 

Cypress Hill, a pioneering rap 
group that hit its selling peak in the 
early '90s, has not released a top-10 
album since 2000. 

A S 
Commissioner iarity with the 

band, which 
peaked at No. 
28 with its 
album Three 
Cheers for Sweet 
Revenge . 

Talib Kweli is] going 
of Programming 
Eric Morris said 
that this year's 
lineup was cre-
ated through 
new department 
practices, includ-
ing the use of 
student input 
through e-maiJ 
and Facebook. 

to be a voice for the 
Supoort for 

boysetsfi re and 
Talib Kweli 
was larger, with 
many students 
saying that they 
are attracted 
to the artists' 
heavy political 

movements going on 
in the country that 
need to be voiced" 

- Chris Beetler-Hagler, 
Thurgood Marshal CoIrege 

Senior 

This year, the 
office se nt out 
multiple campus-
wide e-mails to 

undertones. 
One of Kweli's biggest main -

stream hits, "Get By," chronicled the 
economic and social struggles of the 
black population. 

"[Kwe1iJ is going to be off 
the hook," Marshall senior Chris 
Beetley-Hagler said. "He's going to 
be a voice for the movements going 
on in the country that need to be 
voiced." 

Although festival co-Coordinator 

get student ideas for the lineup. 
To book acts, the programming 

office finds out who is and isn't 
available on any given date, Morris 
said. 

This year's Sun God festival will 
cost about $8 per undergraduate, 
and paid by student activity fees, 
he said. 

Readers can contact ladyn Snow at 
jrsnow@ucsd.edu. 

Female College Numbers 
Took BigJumps In 1980s 

• GENDER, from page 1 
in the study that dictated female 
college figures in the '30s was the 
increase in bans on married women 
working during that time, according 
to the study. 

Because of this, the authors said, 
the modern patterns in the college 
population were always present, but 
only kept dormant in the mid- l900s 
by social factors. 

It was in the I 980s when women 
began gaining on the male popula-
tion, according to the study, because 
of several factors, including the 
women's movement and an influx of 
careers open to women. 

The authors also suggested other 
factors for hikes in female enroll-
men!. One is that changes in societal 
va lues have meant that more women 
hold jobs for significant portions 
of their adult lives, or their entire 

adult lives. 
Also, since the wage difference 

between college-educated women 
and those without coUege degrees 
has always been greater than that of 
men, the authors wrote, women have 
more monetary incentive to attend 
college. Women are also focusing on 
the importance of jobs by fOCUSing 
more on college. 

The other major factor they cite 
is that women do better in high 
school. They are not only more like-
ly to study, the authors said, but also 
to take the courses needed for col-
lege and to do well in those courses 
than are men. 

Male high school students are 
also more likely to have behavioral 
problems, the study stated. 

Readers can contact Matthew McArdle 
at malt.mcardle@gmail.com. 

Admit Rates of Most Minorities 
Climb As White Numbers Stay Flat 

• ADMISSIONS, from page 1 
2006, the campus offered admission 
to more than 8,000 Asians, almost 
1,500 more than in 2005. Meanwhile, 
the number of white UCSD admits 
has remained relatively steady for the 
past five years, although the figures 
dipped in 2004. This year, UCSD 
admission offers to whites increased 
by only 500 since the year before. 

The number of admissions 
offered to other ethnic minorities 
also jumped more than 1 percent 
from last year, with blacks, American 
Indians and Chicano/Latinos com-
prising less than 22 percent of the 
new freshman admits statewide. 

Readers can contact Matthew McArdle 
at malt.mcardle@gmaij.com. 

NCAA Considered Shortening 
Length of College Baseball Season 

• NCAA, from page 1 
The NCAA is planning to strict-

ly enforce its policies, according to 
Brand, who said that he wants to 
"ferret out fraud" by partnering with 
state attorney generals to shut down 
schools violating policy. 

During their meeting, NCAA 
officials also considered reducing 

the number of games a college team 
is allowed to play during the base-
ball season. The change, however, 
was tabled. Brand said that basc-
ball teams' academic problems lie 
beyond the length of the season. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 7 

THE JAMES K. BINDER LECTURESHIP 
IN LITERATURE 

presents 

GIANNI CELATI 
ITALIAN WRITER, CRITIC, 

TRANSLATOR, FILMMAKER 

"Federico FeUini and the 
Transformation of Italian Culture" 

TUESDAY, MAY 2, 2006 - 7:30 PM 
GREAT HALL. ~LEANOR ROOSEVELT COLLEGE 

GIANNI CELATI, who began his career at the University of Bologna and has held numerous visiting 
positions in France and the United States, is a leading European intellectual. Celati's prize-winning books 
have been translated into many languages, including Voices from the P/nins, Appearances, and Adventure in 
Africa in English. University of Chicago professor Rebecca J. West published his literary biography, Gianni 
Cdatl: the Craft of Everyday Storytelling, in 2000. 
For the Bi~der lecture, Celati will examine the ways in which Federico Fellini's films portrayed his deep 
understandmg of the transformation of Italian culture in the late twentieth century. 

A nceptiOD wiD foOo. th.l.dun. 
free _d OpeD to the pabllc. No "lenati.,... required. 

For details, go to http://literature.ucsd_edulnewsllectureseries/binder/index.html 

Become a professional paralegal to 
gain Invaluable work skills and 

prepare for law school! 
Learn more at a free info session: 
When I Wed., May 3, 12:30-1 :30 pm 
Where I UCSD Extension Complex, Rm 103 
(between Muir and Marshall dorms) 
Why I Learn about the program, 
job opportunities, and ask questions. 

FREE pizza and refreshments 
will be served I 
For more info: 
Julia Dunlap 
(858) 882-8008 
jdunlap@ucsd.edu 

The intensive Summer Language Institute in Mandarin Chinese offers students a unique 
opportunity to learn the Chinese language and culture. The curriculum targets two tracks 
of language learners. The first track is Mandarin Chinese and the second track is Mandarin 
Chinese for Heritage Students_ The courses are face-to-face with 
innovative online technology to enhance individualized learning: 

Special Features and Benefits: 
• Completion of the eight-week program is equivalent to a year of 

college-level language learning . 
• Highly qualified faculty 
• Immersion program experience without traveling to China 
• Innovative online course support components 
• Financial assistance available to qualifying students 

Date: June 26-August 18 
For more information, please visit www.uces,csulb.edu/SLI, 

or call (562) 98S-9333, or email SLI@uces.csulb.edu 

(~l CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, W- LONG BEACH 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Christine pa£ 
fea/ures@ucsdguardiall .org 

THE*GuARPIAN 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

GO FIGURE 

• The average SAT Reasoning: Crltkal 
Reacting and Math scores of 

UCSD freshman admits in 2006 

............................................ MONDAY,MAYl,2~ .......................................... .. 

By VaJlesSQ Pmg and Marnetfe Fednis 
STAFF WRITERS 

s summer approaches and students begin to 
scramble for jobs and internships, Mmultilevel 
marketing" .. ompanies can sometimes seem 
like an opportunity not to be missed. But, 
as some students have discovered. becoming 

in MLMs might not tum out to be as great as it 
appear. 

are companies that market goods and services 
tiotri.hllt~.1'1l who are paid based on cornmiaaion. They 

they recruit more distributon and create a 
called the -downline.-

not uncommon to fmd advertisement-
as American Communications Network 

luni(:atioIRS company), Southwestern Company (a 
USANA Health Services, • distributor 

products- recruiting students. More well-known 
include Mary Kay and Avon, which aeIl coamet-

can be an attractive option, eapecially when com-
reaentatives offer students vatu.bIe job experience 

to financial Instability. Comptniel fint pve 
to potential employees about their products 

they would be dolo, u employees. For some IIU-
preICIltatioaa are wbII initially book ...... Into 

theMLM. 
"I got more convinced that this company WIIloml to be 

really great and that I'd be aeIlinl JOOd stuff and be able to 
make money fairly qUickly,- said a Revelle ColJese sopho-
more, a former employee of USANA Health Services who 
wishes to remain anonymous aince she has friends who still 
work for the company. 

Most MLMI offer ltudents the potential to earn hup 
profits. But instead of a parantced Income, students make 
their money accordinl to how much they sen and how many 
others they can pull into the network. 

According to Career Services Center Director Andrew 
Ceperley, there are never any guarantees. 

-You may make nothiD&. - Ceperley said. "In fact. you 
may lose money if your employment aareement required 
you to buy supplies or Inwntory.-

This wu the cue for one. Thuraoocl Marshall CoIlep 
sophomore, who put down 1499 to ACN before IIplns 011 
to become part of the company. When be decided to quit, be 
wu unable to JCI that money btd. 

Accordins to the ACN repreaentatm ..-. the 
money payI for a maintelWlCe fee as well as a trainlIIIkit. 
The money CUI only be refunded if the new l1IpIamtlltfw 
dedda to puB out wldUn 10 buIUIea days. 

"1 saw that I coalcI haw aottca (the IDOH1J beck if I .... 
worbd harder _ ....... he ..... -It WUII't warth It III IDe. 
It was aot pnctkIl for IDe to walk...., ............ 

.. 

. 

While 
multilevel 
marketi~g 
companies 
claim to offer 
benefits. there 
may be a catch. 

MONDAY, ~~ 1, 2006 

\ 

One·lalie One Topping-pizza 

$7~99 
Umltocf detloery _ - Delivery c ...... MIJ Apply. P., ..... 11 ...... 

VlHdIl_ID ..,pred. No ClICCIIIIII. II lilt _ . lIIu ....... fIIf 1111. 
_ ............. NoIYIIkI.1h 101)' at ..... _. C_PlJlIII 

""""" __ * . VIHd....".SOc-,P""'_·.P .... 9t ..... 
ExpIIw 12{10/0I. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

-w, ......... 
CONT.IIUTING WIttTfR 

Buy One, Get One 1 

1 FREE : 
1,=-..... • ...... --........ -. .... • ...... 1 

.... p., P ..... 1 ...... Umlted delivery .... Delivery Chwles 1 Mil)' Apply. Not valid wlh Iny other offa'. C..-orner ..,. alllPPllcable 1 I ..... IIX. Valid only • so County P.,. John'. PIZZlI Stores. I 
Exphe 12/30/08. 

• 9~91\1\\\\IIS PIllA PARTY! · 9~91\1\\\\IIS HIRING DRIVERS! 
1 TWO LARGE I Eam Up to 1 
: Two Topping $18.99: $14/h : 
I PIZZAS r. (hourly + tips) I 
I Umlted dIIIvery - . DeIl¥ery ctwa- Mil)' Apply. p., P .... I1 .... ·1 c.II or atop by ,... JolIn'. tit UTe I 

Not ,,1IId wll "" CIlMr otfw. CUIt_ PIrI III _Ie ........ t-1 I YIIIcI only. so COUnty P..,. John'. PIzD St_. 4130 La Jolla Village DrIve f •••• IDO I ~~L'!:. _____ L ________________ I 

FOCUS 9 

Dread writing 
bibliographies? 
Let RefWorks 
do it for youl 

Learn to use ......... to organize your references, and 
instantly format your research paper and bibliography 

using APA, MLA, or hundreds of other styles. Get started 
using RetWorks today at http://refworks.com/refworks 

s;r. .. 2001 .......... for ..... ,... .... 5 ...... 
April 18, 3:30-4:50pm Geisel LEC April 19, 3-4:2Opm, Geisel LEC 
April 25, 12:30-1:50pm Geisel LEC April 26, 5-6:2Opm, Geisel LEC 
May 2, 3:30-4:50pm CLies TLC May 3, 2-3:2Opm, GeisellEC 
May 9, 2-3:20 Geisel LEC May 10, 5-6:2Opm, cues TlC 
May 15, 11-12:20pm CLies TlC May 16, 5-6:20pm, Geisel LEe 

Register for any of these worksops at 
http://libraries.ucsd.edu/services/refworksreg.html 

Workshops are open to UCSD students, staff and facu~ 

Does someone have their tentacles 
wrapped around you? 

Find a lifeline at OSHPPI 

Office of Sexual Harassment 
Prevention" Policy (OSHPP) 

201 University Center 
(Corner of Gilman & Myers) 

(858) 534-8298 
http:// oshpp.ucsd.edu 



Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 
week of MAY 1 TO 7 10 

MONMAYl 
CAREER 

NoWl Group of Ja.,.n RKrultlng 
PresantatIon -This free company presen-
tation will get you up to speed on upcom-
ing job and internship opportunities, as 
well as the goals, current projects,and 
corporate culture at Nova Group of Japan. 
5:00 - 6:30 pm, Career Services Center, 
Horizon Rm. Learn more at http://www. 
teachinjapan.coml 

LECTURE 
'On the oUtside Looking In: InternaticlNl 
p.,spec1lves on America' - A panel of 
UCSD's own international students will 
discuss how the government and res-
idents of their respective home coun-
tries view the United States. Questions 
will touch upon various social, political, 
and economic issues. 7pm, Great Hall at 
Roosevelt College. Email Shannon Eliot 
at ihouseiagintern@ucsd.edu for more 
information. 

TUESMAY2 
CAREER 

On-CalMl'lllnterviewing for Job 5Hken 
- Interviews playa key role in your search 
for a career position, and knowing what 
to say - and how to say it - can be tricky. 
in this small-group workshop, you'll build 
your confidence by responding to real 
interview questions while being video-
taped. Receive immediate feedback from 
our career expert, learn by watching oth-
ers, and get helpful tips from your peers. 
10am-12 Noon, Career Services Center 
Conference Room. Pre-registration is 
required: please call 858.534.3750 or stop 
by the Career Services Center to sign up. 
LIIW School: Preparing • Applying 
- UCSD's pre-law advisor will walk you 
through the law school admissions pro-
cess, including how to best prepare your-
self and how to apply. Hear about the 
Law School Admission Test, resources to 
help you select schools, and strategies 
for writing your application essay. 2-3pm, 
Career Services Center. 

LECTU R E 
Gillnni CNti presents the James K. Binder 
lectureship in Literature: "Feclerko 
Fellini and the Transformation of ltal'-n 
Culture" 7:30 pm, Great Hall, Eleanor 
Roosevelt College. Reception to follow. 
Free. No reservations required. http:// 
I iteratu re .uc sd.ed u/n ewsllectu reseri esl 
binder/index.html 

SOCIAL EVENT 
All Campus Trlnsfer SOCill, 4:30-6pm, 
Women's Center (in the new Student 
Center across from the Main Gym). Meet 
other transfer students while making new 
and great connections. FREE FOOD! RSVP 
to dmasterson@ucsd.edu 
Scarub and Pep Love Bentflt Concert 
- Arusna Project hosts a benefit concert 
at Porter's Pub, featuring Scarub of the 
Living Legends and Pep Love of the 
Hieroglyphics. 8:30pm, Porter's Pub, 18+. 
S 1 0 advance, S 15 door. All proceeds ben-
efit UCSD stu~ents serving local HIVIAIDS 
relief efforts and grass roots initiatives in 
sub-Saharan Africa. 

WED MAY 3 
ARTS 

UCSD Premiere Screening of "Tijuana 
Jews," A Film by Isaac Artenstein, Producer 

THE~GUARDIAN 
calendar@ucsd 

of "A Day Without A Mexican."Throughout 
the early twentieth century thousands of 
European Jews sailed to Mexico looking 
for opportunity and escaping increasing 
persecution at home. A small group made 
their way north to the border town of 
Tijuana. Tijuana Jews is a one-hour docu-
mentary and a personal exploration of 
this community that blended Jewish 
and Mexican cultures and customs in an 
unlikely place and time. Best Documentary 
at the San Francisco Latino Film Festival.Q 
& A with the director will follow. 5:30pm, 
Copley International Conference Center, 
Institute of the Americas. Screening is free 
and open to the public 

CAREER 
PeKe Corps Info Session - Life is calling 
& how far will you go? Explore job oppor-
tunities, benefits, and the Peace Corps 
application process. Network with a previ-
ous volunteer and learn more about the 
adventure of a lifetime. 2:30-4pm, Career 
Services Center. 
PhIInnacy 5c:hooI: What Applkanu for 
Admission in 2007 Need to Know - Are 
you hoping to attend pharmacy school in 
Fall of 2oo7? Let our pre-pharmacy advisor 
get you up to speed on the application 
and admission processes, including hints 
for putting together a solid application. 
In addition, you'll hear valuable advice 
on choosing the schools that are right for 

you.s~pm, Career Services Center. 
On-Came,. Interviewing for Alumni -
Practice responding to actual interview 
questions while being videotaped. Receive 
constructive feedback from a career advi-
sor and other participants. Learn effective 
interviewing approaches by observing 
others handling a variety of typical inter-
view question .5~:30pm, Career Services 
Center Conference Room. Pre-registration 
is required: please call 858.534.3750 or 
stop by the Career Services Center to sign 
up.Co-sponsored by the UCSD Alumni 
Association. 

THURSMAY4 
CAREER 

Intuit Recruiting Presentation - This free 
company presentation will get you up to 
speed on upcoming job and internship 
opportunities, as well as the goals, current 
projects,and corporate culture at Intuit. 
s:oo - 6:30 pm, Career Services Center, 
Horizon Rm. Learn more at www.intuit. 
com. 

LECTURE 
The UCSD Center for the Humanities "The 
City" lecture series. Bruce Hollingsworth, 
President/CEO and Ralph Hicks, Director, 
Land Use Planning, San Diego Unified 
Port District, speak on "'TIM Port's Land 
Use Planning and Development Process,· 
7:30pm, Pepper Canyon Hall, Room 106. 

SPORTS 
UCSD hosts the CCAA Trick Ind Field 
Chlmplonships at Triton Track & Field 
Stadium. Heptathlon/Decathlon, 9am-12 
Noon. 

FRI MAYS 
CAREER 

Interviewing to Win - At every level of 
your career, the Job interview can make or 
break an employer's decision to hire you. 
Our career advisor will share interviewing 
techniques that will help you start strong 
and be a winner. Find out how to antici-
pate the questions you'll be asked and 

MONDAY, MAY 1,2006 

learn the best strategies for following up 
after your interview. 12 Noon-I pm, Career 
Services Center. 

LECTURE 
After the AItMMtIw: ucso AIWnaIIw 
SprIng Break Post-TrIp PreMntation. -
Hear about an ALTERNATIVE way to spend 
your Spring lIn!ak, volunteering abroad 
and learning about a new culture! 11 am-
1 pm, Price Center Gallery B. Hosted by: 
ABS: Peru & ASB: Costa Rica. For more 
information about Alternative Breaks @ 
UCSD: altsprngbreak@yahoo.com 

RECREATION 
First Annual AsIan-American Thnt,. 
festival! Come join an all-UCSD cast in 
Raunchy Asian Women (RAW), The Goat, 
and The Misanthrope all spiced up with 
a bit of rap, rock n' roll. and OJ Weisberg. 
8pm, Galbraith Hall. FREE. 
The Emerging Leaders Program presents 
Pirate's COft, a benefit for Children's 
Hospital of San Diego. Bands Viceroy, 
Straight No Chaser and Los Kung Fu 
Monkeys will perform. Free food and 
drinks, rock wall, hookah, UCSD perform-
ers, Pirate costume contelt and more. 6-
11 pm at the Price Center. Sponsors include 
A.S. and the six colleges. 

SPORTS 
UCSD hosts the CeM Track and Field 
Championships at Triton Track & Field 
Stadium. Heptathlon/Decathlon, men's 
hammer and shot put, women's discus 
and javelin, 9am-2:30pm. 
Men's T ..... VI. Sonoma State, Northview 
Tennis Courts, time TBA. 

SAT MAY 6 
RECREATION 

Flnt Annual Asian-American Theatre 
Festival continues, 8pm, Galbraith Hall. 
FREE. 

Pi Beta Phi, Muir Surf & Sport and unre-
alfind.com present the lrd annual SUrf 
Classic. Competitions include men's and 
women's open surfing, and beach vol-
leyball. Sponsors such as Reef, Billabong. 
Quicksilver, Chipotle, and many others 
provide surfboards and other raffle prizes. 
7am-5pm at North Crystal Pier in Pacific 
Beach. Sign up at the Price Center this 
week or contact anc002@ucsd.edu. All 
proceeds go towards "Links to Literacy~ 

SPECIAL EVENT 
Annual BioenginHring Entrepreneun 
Cont.nnce, 9:30am-3:30pm, Institute of 
Americas at UC5D (ERC). Keynotes: Martin 
Mattingly (CEO of Ambrx, Inc) & Peter 
Farrell (CEO and founder of ResMed)Free 
admission and lunch! Register (more info) 
at www.VENTUREFORTH.org 
UCSD Associated Students presents An 
Evening with Dr. Map AngeIou. See the 
FEATURED box. 

SPORTS 
UCSD hosts the CCAA Track ancl Field 
Championships at Triton Track & Field 
Stadium. Women's hammer and shot put, 
men's discus and javelin, 9am-2:30pm. 
Baseball vs. Cal State Monterey Bay, 
2:30pm at Triton Field. 

SUN MAY 7 
RECREATION 

Fint Annual Alian-Amerkan ThNtre 
Ffttiyall Come join an all-UCSD cast in 
Raunchy Asian Women (RAW), The Goat, 

FEATURED 
UCSD Associated Students presents 

An 
Evening 

with 
Dr. Maya 
Angelou 

MAYA AIilGELOU is a remark-
able Renaissance woman, 
hailed as one or the great 
voices or contemporary 
literature. As a poet, edu-
cator, historian, best-sell-

ing author, actress, playwright, civil rights activist, producer and 
director, she continues to travel the world , spreading her legendary 
wisdom. Within the rhythm of her poetry and elegance of her prose 
lies Angelou's unique power to help readers of every orientation 
span the lines of race. SSprn, RIMAC Arena. Reserved seating $25, 
$35 . $45. Tickets available at UCSD Box Office (858-S34-TIXS) and 
Ticketmaster. 

SAT. MAY 6th 
8pm, RIMAC Arena 

and The Misanthrope all Spi~ed up with a 
bit of rap, rock n' roll, and OJ Weisberg_ 2 
and 7pm, Galbraith Hall. FREE. 

SPORTS 
Baseball vs. Cal State Monterey Bay, 12 
Noon at Triton Field. 

WEEKLY 
ACADEMIC 

International Caft - The International 
Center invites you to attend the 
international Cafe on every Friday of the 
academic year (except for during Finals 
Week) . Join us for a delicious home-
cooked meal and the company of students 
and scholars from around the world all for 
$4.00. Lunch will be served from noon 
until 1 :30pm on a first come, first served 
basis. If you have any questions, please 
email Laylaatlaylaic@Yahoo.com 

HEALTH 

STUDENT HEALTH is open to AU regis-
tered students, regardless of health insur-
ance status! Appointments can be sched-
uled online at http://studenthealth.ucsd. 
edu or call 534-8089. Same-day appoint-
ment for urgent needs; walk-in Urgent 
Care if you need immediate care (some 
access fees apply). Hours: weekdays Bam-
4:30pm (Weds. 9-4:30pm). 
Men's Clinic ~ Student Health - Routine 
male exams, STD checks, and sexual health 
services all available Mondays @ 9:30am -
NO CHARGE to reg. students! No appoint-
ment needed - just walk in to Student 
Health, 2nd floor, Health Ed Dept. More 
information studenthealth.ucsd.edu 

'"' EducatIon Programs are provided by 
Student Health Advocates on Nutrition, 
HIV, Fitness, Stress, Sexual Health 8. other 

topics. Call 534-1824 for info on these 
FREE programs! 

Women's Health - Confidential annual 
exams, STD tests, birth control, ECP. and 
health education all at Student Health. 
Appts online or call 534-8089. Some fees 
may apply. 
Anonymous HIV testing at Student 
Health - no appt needed_ Days and times 
on website under "Health Education~ $10. 
fee includes pr@- and post-counseling 
with a peer educator. Questions? Call a 
Health Educator @l534-1824. 
Nutrition CounsaIIng is availabie for stu-
dents at Student Heahh Service. One-
on-{)ne appt. with a Registered Dietition 
includes a three-day computerized analy-
sis of your diet. Make your appointment 
online or call (858) 534-8089. 
FREE w.tght Mallllglment ClInk led by 
a dietitian and a physician. Meets every 
Thursday at 3:00pm in the Student Health 
Conference Room, 1 st floor, no appoint-
ment needed!. 
ChoIestetoI Scnet ... at Student Health 
for registered studentsl This test mea-
sures total cholesterol, HOt LDl and 
Triglycerides, and requires 12 hour fast-
ing. Immediate results! Sign up online, 
Fee S 15.00. Call (858) 534-1824 with ques-
tions. 

RELIGIOUS 
ExperIeMe Church DIffwentIy- Services 
Sundays 11 am in the International Center. 
www.ExperienceChurchDifferently.com 

UCSD campus events are at 
http://CQlendQr.uscd.edu 

Submit your campus ewnt at"Add Event" 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to www.ucsdguardian,org and link to "Calendar" 
Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

MONDo\Y, Mlttt, .,. FOCUS 11 

AMERICAN • JAPANESE • EUROPEAN & suvs 
Facby MaiI .... 1CI • si:hecUId ConIpuIIr & EIedricaI Repain 

G.wraI ~ Rlpain 

I .. ~i . 
--~I 

• 4 737 Turquoise St., PaciGc Beach 
E-MAIL: &ocIlevorrlGufoOson.rr.com 
------, 

CllAllGE *9" :: .. $4.99 ...... eiI .. , .... s ... ~.;l ",-.... ...-._c.n .. 
- "",r..do. WIII,-... 6/30/116 

Donate to Father Joe 
1.II~Joe 

_~m· 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

NEW BIOLOGY NON MAJORS COURSE 
by Prof. Mel Green (BllO 84) Frontiers 
in Biomedicine is sure to please! MWF 
10-11 am Summer Session' 1. (5/4) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Summer D_y Cilmps - L.A. Am. 
SWimming, horses, sports, arts and 
crafts, beaches, ropes courses, and 
much more www.daycampjobs.com. 
(5/30) 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. $725.$1050 hourly 
c..,Jackl 

(858)5.5-2144 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~UARDIAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Gw,diDn reserves the right to classify, edit, delete oIrensive words and p/IInes, 
andlor refuse any and all advertl_1s without prior notification. The Advertiser wlH not 
hold the GIHJ,diDn liable to. any claims resUlting from the publiCation of I~ advertisement. 
The publls~r will also not be MId accoun~ for any dalm from an ~t "'* 
betweerI the advertiser and t~ consu ...... 
Copy should be reviewed by t~ advertiser for errors. In order 10 be cMKted In t~ next 
regular Issue •• 11 error. mu.t be reported by Ii. corresponding dadllne. Credit will only be 
given to. the Incorrect portion of the advertl_t. There are no refunds to. cancellations. 
....... send aN cornsponcl.._ ..,.,.. CIuaIfIMI to: 
UCSO Guaidlan, Attn: CIusIfIeda, 9500 GIlman Drive 101 II, lAo JoIIe, CA fZOls. 
Actualloutlon: Student Center A. Room 317. 

email: adsucsduardian@Yahoo.com • 

Male Summer Day Camp Counselors 
Needed! Stay here in San Diego; 
Drive a camp van to and from camp 
In Rancho Penasquitos (just east of 
Carmer Valley). Make a difference in 
the life of a child! B58-487-6000, www. 
outpostsummercamps.com (5/30) 

Day Camps· San Fernando / Conejo 

P_rt time nltrus or ._Iter for: 
Mon.·Sat. Night shIft, 4:15-9:15; day 
shift 10:30·2:30. MATSUGAWA, Fine 
Japanesedlnlng In Del Mardowntown! 
858-692·11 SO (Angle, Gen Manager), 
858-204-4831 (Justin). (5/4) 

.Valleys. C~~nselors, lifeguards, Gym, R __ rdlng Summer Jobs- LA.. Am. 
Fishing. Canoeing, Horseback Riding. 

Salesclerk positions open for local 
flower shop. Also drivers needed for 
Mother's Day holiday. Call 858-622· 
9999 for details. (5/8) 

Gain valuable experience while work- Music. Drama, More. $3000-$3600+ / 
ing with children in a variety of fun 
settings www.daycampjobs.com. 
(5/30) 

UCSD Bookstore 
Computer Center 
IIpl831d1 

an ........ " s. .. 
iBookG411.1"(M9846LUA) 
Reg. $949 AIIIt. SIll Prill $6tt 
PowerBookG412.7"(M9691LUA) 
Reg. S 1399 AIIIt. SIll Prill $'" 
MocBook Pro 7.83GHZ(MA463LUA) 
Reg. $1799 AIIIt. SIll Prill $1'" 
iMoc G520" 2.1 GHz (MA064LUA) 
Reg. $1399 ..... SIIIPriII$l199 

Offer limited to stock on h.nd. No price 

• 

adJustmoms for prior sales. 

-..-.--..., (IIlIUNa'I 
http;1I1IooImtrn.cad.edu'r:DtrfIUfWIJ 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 Moo _ gai pan 
4 Windshield cleaner 
9 ConspI racy group 
14 Current uni\ for short 
15 japanese port 
16 Missouri tributa.y 
17 Fixed 
18 TV's Sabrina Duncan 
20 Bi5U'O 
22 Oyster farm 
23 leaves 
24 Stirs up 
26 Raffle phase 
29 lot 0( land 
'30 Playtex product 

summer. B88-784-CAMP. www.work· 
atcamp.com (5/8) 

Part-time dog walker. Reliable, 
flexible, have transportatio'! and 
auto insurance. See web site www. 
sandyspetcare.com or email me at 
sandrahilll00@aol.com.(S/4) 

BARISTA: RESPONSIBLE, MORNING 
PERSON. Make espresso drinks, cus· 
tomer service, handle daily opera· 
tions. FT Mon-Fri 6am·l pm. 11696 
Sorrento Valley Road 858-259-8359. 
(5/1) 

On Campus Summer Job· Be a Knock 
Around Camp Counselor, 10$ an hour, 
Come into RIMAC and apply! rec-
reation.ucsd.edu/clss. Reference Job. 
619072(5/1) 

31 Bonaparte's rna,...,.1 
32 Admiral nicknamed 'Oull· 
34 Vaporized wa~r 
36 TV's PII Monroe 
39 Stories 
40 Part of MoMt\ 
41 Feeli"s poo!Iy 
42 Soft. wet gmund 
43 SpIlt frull 
47 Eminent concb:tor 
SO Pain pill 
51 Olden time 
52 Slalom 
53 Heroin. to addIct5 
54 TV's Kelly Carrett 

PI' PROJECT MANAGER: Practice man-
agement & marketing for local psych0l-
ogist/consultant Flexible hours, detail-
oriented and reliable. Respond to Dr. 
laurie KoIt. UKolt@laol.com. (5/1) 

Childcare: Fun in the sun with 3 curio 
ous and energetic kids! Family with 3 
children ages 3·7 Is looking for flex-
ible help after school through June, 
and full-time June· August. Athletic 
club membership benefit! Email 
buckley@ucsd.edu for details! (5/1) 

Part·time childcare needed near cam-
pus. Afternoons/evenings. Girls (2 and 
4 yrs). live in or out. Sharon, 858-663-
0182. (5/4) 

58 Top pilcher 
59 Muse of poetry 
60 johnny's intro· 
61 Score 0( zero 
62 Drive home a runner 
63 Leavening Ingredienl 
64 AllIliIpoIls grad 

DOWN 
Tank Iopl 

2 1998 Masters O>ampion 
3 Selec1 
4 Stir.fry pan 
5 Actre15 ROHeIlini 
6 Meatpa51e5 
7 Lived '-ndlD mouth 
8 Brit in India . 
9 Hot drink 
'0 Out 0( kilter 
11 Nursery piece 
12 In the past 
13 Wri~r Deighton 
19 India tourist stop 
21 Caine played with 32 cards 
25 O1ica80 tower 
26 Wood nymph 
27 Shipohape 
28 Sock·hop spot 
30 Ob!cure 
33 ·li'l Abner" creature 
34 Abandon 
35 Ashe Stadium sport 
36 FOR's pooch 
37 1962 Bent Fabric hit 
38 Surfer'. stops 
39 Actor CUrry 
42 British weapon 
44 Esoeeric 
45 B-comp/ex component 
46 1M, 36A and 54A 
48 SirCeotg_ 
49 o.eck for fit 
50 Dlrktor kUfOlllWa 
52 IHDIlk's mall! 
54 Dubya's floridl brother 
55 PalW\ll1ian 0( Iootball 
56 Reticent 
57 FDR follower 

F Inc! crossword « !IOlutions at 
www.IICS4IpardNmorJ/crossword 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: 15 .... ZO'" 
Faculty & Staff: 17.50.,., ZO-* 

All others: I1Z .... ZO'" 
Advance payment is required • 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

QUO per column Inch 
De.1c11nes: 

Pub. Date DIsp/Iy Ads Uno Ads 

Mon. 
4pnoMOHlw11 
4pnoTM1. 

FOR RENT 

MONDAY, MAy 1, 2006 

bKkgrounds welcome. Special Need 
for jewish, Asian, and East Indian 
donors. Close personal support by 
experienced donor. Call Dawn tt 951-
696-7<466. Full Info at wwwlertllltyal-
ternatlves.cOlTl (618) 

I am working on a children's book 
and need an artist Please email me 
If Interested. For more info contact 
SergIo.rlvaS@navy.mll (5/4) 

Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26, call 
552-8585 ex. 5590. (6/8) 

SERVICES 

3, 4, S-bedroom houseltownhouses' Award-wInning UNDER PRESSURE 
for rent near UCSD. Available July. 
2-car garage, washer/dryer and appll· 
ances, community pool. Call James 
858-354-2106 or email jamesleerenta 
Isttsbcglobal.net (5/4) 

3-bedroom condo near UCSD, UTe, 
available September. $ 19SO/month. 
Washer/dryer Included. Near bus line. 
Call (858)792,5934. (5/4) 

Spacious 3-bedroom tri·level town-
house near Gilman, U Village Square, 
available September. Washer/dryer, 2-
car garage, pool/spa. $24OO1month. 
Call8S8-792-64S3. (5/4) 

LA JOLLA FURNISHED ROOM In town-
house near UCSD and bus. Utilities 
provided, kitchen privileges. Graduate 
and post-doctorate preferred S 1700. 
858-450-6935. Available now. (5/4) 

4-bedroom ($2750) and 3·bedroom 
'($2350) condos available late June. 

. 

3·bedroom condo available Sept. 1 
($2450). Call Donna 858-454-6462. (5/1) 

FOR SALE 

2000 Oldsmobile Alero Gl 4·dr auto-
matic, VlN1G3NLS2T8YC332036 AlC, 
power steering & windows, cruise, 
AM/FMlCD. 28,700 miles! $7,00 OBO. 
Gerry 858-278-4692. (5/4) 

WANTED 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000-$15000 ~ qualified, 
responsible applicants. All ethnic 

teaches you to self treat headaches, 
back pain, stress and more for only $5. 
800-521 ~384, www.dlynaturalhealth. 

• 
net (5/4) 

Tennis 0 Noon • USPTR Instructor will 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 
min. lesson any time between 11-2, 
M-F. UCSD special: 1 or 2 players $20. 
Call 619-787·S475 (5127) 

Got Stress? Acupuncture group rates 
available in Mission Bay and North 
County offices. Visit acupuncture-
groupsessions.com or call 858-270-
3834. (5!1) 

PERSONALS 

ADMAN'S MOVIE TRIVIA UPDATE: Yes, 
Michael, you got it right first. The boyz 
had 2 cash bars to work during the 
summer of their wedding crashing. 
You are a god. Therefore, your grand 
prize is permission to select a wed· 
ding this summer and crash it. Crab 
cakes earn bonus points, a~ always. 
AdMan will take your report and share 
it in the Welcome Week Issue on Sept. 
21st. Nathan and Timothy: honorable 
.mention means you gona crash a 
funeral. Sucks to be you. (5/1) 

Sound off! UCSD sports fans vIsit 
www.tritonfans.com (5/15) 

Snoop, Game and respective entou-
rages: the airport and first c!iss cabin 
are not da lBC.1f civilians want to hear 
you keepln' It rea~ they11 buy the COS. 
lock It up, guys. (5/1) 

MONDAY, MAY', 2006 

Company 
Promises May 

Be Empty 
• MLM, from page 8 
are comfortable selling to those you 
know, don't do it. It can ruin your 
relationships with people." 

Some students find out quickly 
that working for an MLM company 
is not for them. -

Rena Tran, a sophomore at Cal 
State Northridge. joined an MLM 
that sells vitamins and facial care 
"roducts. Tran said she spent 5900 
on what she believed to be good 
products. but she did not continue 
to sell them. 

*1 am still ordering their stuff. but 
I feel that I can't sell stuff to my own 
family members," 'fran said. "Basica1ly, 
I am trained by [them] to beat around 
the bush, but I can't do it." 

Quitting an MLM can also become 
a hassle. For Revelle College sopho· 
more 1\1 Pham. a former indepen-
dent representative of ACN. company 
representatives did Dot let him go so 
euily and wilted that IPProval was 
needed before be could quit. 

"[Company representatives) made 
it seem like we needed approval to 
cancel; Pham said. "But I knew [they 
were] lying because [they) don't have 
the power to make me stay." 

When uked about the company's 
quining policy. ACN independent 
representatives - who requested to 
remain anonymous due to company 
policies - 'maintained that one can 
quit at any time. 

Another Revelle College sopho· 
more worked for the health products 
MLM and spent SI.500 for the mer-
chandise. But once she quit, it took 
two months to get back 5500 from that 
initial payment and she is sti1I waiting 
to get the rest of the amount back from 
the compmy. 

"[The recruiter said.J 'You're mak-
ing a big mistake. but OK, I'll try to 
get a refund." she said. "[Later, they 
said]. 'How about we just try to sell 
your products and slowly pay you back 
instead of getting a full refund from us 
because thIt will mess up the down· 
line.~ 

According to the Federal Trade 
Commission. while some MLMs are 
legitimate, others may be "pyramid 
schemes," most of which are illegal. 
Unlike mOlt MLMs. which allow for 
distributon to earn through prod. 
uct sales. pyramid schemes usually 
promise to pay' distributors com· 
missions bUed upon the number 
of people they recruit. Pyramids 
do not pay based on the number of 
sales of goods or services made. 

According to the FTC, some ille· 
gal pyramid schemes use products 
and services to hide the pyramid. 
Most eventually fail once there are 
no more distributors to recruit. After 
the plan collapses. most people lose 
their money, except for some of the 
distributors at the top. 

Many MLMs are careful to dis· 
tinguish themselves from the illegal 
pyramid schemes. Accordording to 
Phain, ACN company representatives . 
were quick to show the legitimacy of 
the company. 

"They showed us a video of the 
people in the company talking. like 
CEOs, and one of them made a speech 
about how ACN is legit and they do 
business hOllestly." Pham said. 

According to the FTC. consum· 
ers should avoid any business plan 
that offers commission based upon 
the recruiting of other distributors, 
to be cautious of distributors that 
promise excessive profits and to 
be wary of those that claim that 
the purchaae of a "start·up kit" of 
resources and sales discourses will 
be the promise of financial success. 

CeperIey said that if an opportunity 
is too good to be true. It probably is. 

"Glossy campaigns and promises 
of walth seldom pan out," Ceperley 
said. "Some ~ pRy 011 vuIner-
lbIe job seekers who haft not done 
tbeir homework. In molt ella, if In 
employment opportunJty ~ )'OIl 
to buy a spectfIc quantity ~ the prod. 
uct, research the orpnlzation wry 
camuIIy IJefift COII1IIIittiJII" 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN FOCUS 13 

• the ,7 .-' 
• 

Enroll now at the only UC in the OC 
... uc e· 

online. at 
summer.uci.ed u 

choose from over 600 courses 

New for 
Enrollment incentive plan for UC undergraduate students returning to the OC for the summer. 
Pay for only 8 units. Enroll in (up to) 8 more and still pay for only 8 this Summer. 
Need Financial Aid? If you receive aid in the form of University Grants and loans from your 
home campus, you can use it at UCI for Summer Session. Please con tad the Office of Financial 
Aid on your home UC campus for details. 

Confidential Egg Donors 
Needecllmmediately! 

For more information visit: summer.uci.edu 

• • YOUR SOURCE FOR YOUR BEST TAN 

.. 
3151 HoI" Ct. not 1JI.411-1t1t 

Above Cal COPY. across from EI Torilo and Rock BoHom 
: -__ TMi -:: i;,-.;'j '-TANS-
I or.~ II an 5 FREE I 
I BUY 5 .... II Including Mystic I 
I foroniy ...,- _ II and Ultra 

TIt. .... I _-,UCSOIO. II S ... alonfordotJll~ I"'.... I II Exp.611106 
las) I - - !'<P.o.fllfO! - - .... 1 - - - - - - - -

or 1----$1-8-ii-II-~-Tiii 
I !II!!! II "'J'~-I ... II Iuy 1 Get 1 
I UHUMIIID II FREE 
I MOHntLY II TNNtI 

See salon for details II fInt time customers only. 
II 

Learn about a new way to 

Student Securities PAY for college 
SIc .... JW' fImn. 

www.studentsecurities.com 



1 .. SPORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDJ.Y, MAY 1, 2Il106 

Kendo Team Falls One Point Shy of First Place Water Polo 
Falls Short 

in Semifinal 
• UNDO, from pi", 16 
strength doesn't matter and height 
doesn't matter. It is more mental 
than physical: 

Matt Schultzel, a member of 
Team B, agreed that Tamura faces 
no disadvantages as a woman. -

"When I play her, I know I'm 
going to lose a1ready,- Schultzel 
said. "I have a mental block that 
she's going to clean the floor with 
me after seeing her play. Your 
opponent can be physically better 
than you, but if you get inside their 
head, you wiU win. She plays two 
or three 20-minute matches and 
she's this little girl against huge 
guys pushing her around and she's 
taking it. And you can totally see 
it working in their head because 
they get frustrated after 20 minutes 
of not being able to do anything 
against her." 

Sophomore Tamura's domi-
nating play is the key component 
to UCSI;>'s long-term success. 
Last year, UCSD took first place 
overall at the Shoryuhai Kendo 

Tourn~ent using the same mem-
bers as this year's first team. Two 
years ago, the team again finished 
a close second, but the competition 
was filled with mor.e drama this 
year. The team fmished only one 
point behind the Bruins, a team 
it always battles with at the top of 
kendo standings. 

"It was pretty devastating 
because we were so close to win-
ning," Kato said. "The thing is, all 
it really comes down to is the effort 
and the hard work and dedication 
each team put in. When you prac-
tice it really shows, and I know the 
UCLA team was practicing really 
hard. So it was devastating, but 
they deserve it." 

While a second-place finish 
might not have been ideal, .every 
tournament UCSD gets the chance 
to compete in is appreciated. 

Without the fundiDg or popular-
ity of other NCAA or dub 'ports, 
the undo team often doean't have 
the means to take trips to compete 
across the country. According to 
Tamura, it took S5,OOO for the team 
to compete in the tournament. and 
that was not including persoaal 
expenses. These high COlts make it 
difficult for the team to participate 
in tournaments such as ones held 
at the University of Washington 
and Yale. 

Although the Shoryuhai 
Tournament was the first time 
that the undo team officially 
represented UCSD this season, it 
does compete in various events 
in the Southern California Kendo 
Federation. 

According to Schultzel, the 
kendo team gets plenty of prac-
tice at 1JCSD and other dojos 
around San Diego and Southern 
California. 

For Tamura, she gets practice 
in other areas as well. including a 
chance to play for the U.S. natioaal 
team at a tournament in Michigan. 
Tamura said she has tried out for 
the team the lut few years. but had 
the chance to compete with it for 
the fint time only recently. when it 
placed first as a part of the Southern 
California Kendo Federation. 

Tamura described the differ-
ences and similarities in competing 
with UCSD and on the national 
team. but said she did not have a 
preference. 

"For me. the UCSD ' team is 
good enough; she said. ·But the 
national team is really challenging 
so it encourages me to 'practice 
harder. This January was our last 
tryout for the U.S. team for the 
world championships, and last year 
I was working every single day. 
But when I heard we were going to 
Harvard again, I started working 
harder. They are both challenging 

GIIIG DAlElGU .... OIAN 
KendoClOllQllfilllrsAM TIIJftI/I'f/IIIId"""SdIubII .. L;u ...... ",.,.,/tr1»MfJllltJms. 
lice rite SIIorJIuhai Kendo ~.IMidI"" .... /licit...,. .. Oft April_ GJtd a:f. 
to me and both force me to practice get hurt. unIeas you are screwing 
more." around.-

Alt40ugh constant practices Schultzel also said that many 
may seem like a burden. Tamura people are hesitant to learn undo 
insists that kendo has been a great because they think it takes years 
activity throughout her life. Sbe and yean of dedication. However, 
started after her older brother's Schuhzel started as late u college 
kendo instructors encouraged her and now competes on one of the 
to learn the martial art at the age best coUege undo teams in the 
of eight. Since then, she says that country. 
undo has given her good disci - Even if bndo gained more 
pline, tough exercise and plenty of partidpants, it would not mean a 
friends. bigger team or more competition. 

While Tamura streases the ben- SchuIuel said. 
efits of the martial art. to those ·We need more money; he said. 
who do not understand its strate- "We could bring In three teams if 
gies. undo may seem too danger- we had more funding because we 
ous or too daunting to attempt haw enoup players. but UCSI) has 
to learn. Howeftr. Schultze! insists a problem with allowing martial 
that kendo is safe for all and ear arts pups u sports dubs, mean-
to get into. ing we get 1ess money." 

MIn our sport, it looks like its Despite the disadvantages. the 
rough but you'll get hurt more in UCSD undo team made the most 
basketball or volleyball than you of its lone opportunity to compete. 
will in this sport; he said. "You're And. given the monetary freedom 
wearing full body armor and so you to take on more tournaments. the 
get a bruise every once in a while team should be one of the mOlt 
when someone misses. but that's competitive UCSD .ports for yean 
about it. There', nf) way you can to come. 

• HEARDIIEAK, from pa", 16 
reprdIeu of the loa-

It was a cIifIIcult clay for many. 
though an Improvement from 
UCSD'I April 29 game apinst Loyola 
Marymount. . 

In the sernifinal game, Loyola 
Marymount ~ to drM ita derm-
a Corea Into the CCft of UCSD'I 
o&n8e and came out wiIh a crushing 
9-4 win. The pme could haft gMn' 
UCSD a shot It IIIIionals, but the 
Lions took a sturdy lead of 4-2 by the 
hIIf-WIY mark and never loobd Nck. 

"There iI loa ri Intense emotion 
... inIo a pme lib tbil: LaRocbeIIe 
said. "We really wamed to come out 
and put up a pet fIP. knowing tbIa 
conference pmes lie UIUIIly pmty 

~" 
UCSD'11JPIIiYe playdid not lead 

to pis. .. the Ibob did not ftnd the 
t.dt of the net. 

AccordiDc to the girls. it was juIt a 
malta of 1ft -O«-IbootiDg claf. Each 
IItempt at a pi. uIde &om the two by 
Hocbtt and amp shot aJatributions 
from 2-metcr senior Kinten Frazer 
and EImus, just teemed to meet the 
body of Lions' plie KatIe Murray. 
who made 14 __ and .uo-t only 
one pi per quarter, . 

"She bad a pet game: LaRocheIJe 
said. "But _ of it was due to mis-
p1acrment of our Ibob. We aeemed to 
be feedIng them ript to her and we 
had difficulty puttiDg the bill in the 
net, but a fiew _ corner Ibob and 
she wouldn't haft looked 10 JOOd.-

Sophomore IJtiliry N'iCOIe Hermann 
aped tbIl Murray beDefttcd from 
UCSD'I Mel shot selection. 

"We cIefinitcIy could haft put _ 
sboIs away and made her work a little 

l roLO, JIIF IS] 

Argentina: Theatre, Film, Spectacle and Human Rights 
July 31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

ENGLAND • LONDON 
Tudor England 
June 26 - July 29, 2006 

MEXICO, MERIDA 
History of Mexico 
July 31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

SPAIN • MADRID 
Spanish Immersion in Madrid 
June 26 - July 29, 2006 

VIETNAM. HUE 
Un~tanding Vietnam 
July 31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

Some ftnaftdal aid and scholarships are evat...,.. for quIl!f1ed Indtvlduals. Non-UC RtvenIde 
students should contact their home campus FfnIndal AId OffIces for .mt.nce. ' 
For Information: 

~ Riverside lhtwt Study Protram 12CJO.Untventty Avenue, Rm. 326 RNerstde, California 92507-4596 (951) 827-3044; fax (951) 127-7370 
E-mail: TI1Ivelst~r.edu TRAVEL STUDY Web site: Summer.ucr,edu/trawlstudy 

MONDAY, MAY 1, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Softball to End Season With Road Twin' Bills 
• SonBAlL, from page 16 
six-game losing streak. 

Though the Tritons lost the first 
game 4-0 to extend the losing streak 
to seven, the team returned to fight-
ing form in the second game, scoring 
four unanswered runs by the middle 
of the third. By the end of the fifth 
inning, the Tritons led the contest 
6 -3. Hitting their stride in the sixth, 
the Tritons racked up an additional 
six runs to move ahead 12-3. The 
Coyotes attempted a comeback. 
scoring twice in the sixth and add-
ing three more in the seventh. but it 
was not enough to top the Tritons, 
who won 12-8. 

Levien, who started in place of 

the team's leading hitter, Spencer, 
stepped up, boosting the Tritons 
with three hits in three at-bats, driv-
ing in five runs and scoring two runs 
herself. Levien's two-run homer in 
the fifth inning elevated UCSD to a 
five-run lead. 

Chastain pitched 4 113 innings in 
the win , despite needing early relief 
from sophomore Nicole Fullerton , 
who threw for the Tritons until the 
seventh, when Ward came in to get 
the final out after San Bernardino 
scored three times, cutting the mar-
gin to 12-8. 

With the split against San 
Bernardino and the pair of wins 
over Grand Canyon on April 28, the 

Tritons improved to 23 -25 overall 
for the season. In order to be in 
contention for the NCAA Division 
II West Regional, UCSD must win 
at least three of its next four games. 
Only teams with records above .500 
are eligible to participate in the 
tournament and the Tritons cur-
rently stand two games below the 
.500 mark. 

Next weekend marks the end of 
the 2006 regular season; the Tritons 
will finish this season off with two 
doubleheaders against Sonoma State 
on May 5 and San Francisco State on 
May 6. Should the Tritons move on 
to Regionals, they will play May II 
through 14. 

Baseball One Series Win Away from Playoffs 
• BASEBALL, from page 1 6 
play. And to even be in the same cat-
egory as players like Morehead and 
Clement is an honor~ 

Despite the early runs, the Gators 
kept up in the game with six runs in 
two innings off UCSD starting pitcher 
Jose Navarro. However, junior re. 
Geach came in to relieve Gimenez, and 
pitched 5 2/3 innings to pick up the 
win. He allowed six hits and two runs, 
none earned, in hi outing and paved 
the way for senior Byron Grubman to 
pick up his second save of the year. 

The second day of the road trip 
pitted the Tritons and the Gators in 
a doubleheader, with UCSD winning 
both games by scores of 9-7 and 5-l 
In the first game, UCSD put up five 
runs in the eighth inning to extend its 
lead to 9-2 on freshman second base-
man Garret Imeson's three-run homer. 
That hit proved to be crucial, as the 
Gators would go on to score five runs 
in the bottom half of the inning, four of 
which were unearned, off senior Ryan 
Leake. However. UCSD held on to the 
9-7 win as Grubman came in to pre-

serve the lead and earn his second save 
in as many days - but it was not easy. 
The first two Gator batters reached 
base, but a foul out and a 5-4-3 double 
play got the Tritons out of the jam and 
into the dugout with a win. 

Following the offensive battles of 
the ftrst two games, it was surprising 
to see freshman pitcher Trevor Decker 
control t he Gator offense, as he pitched 
a complete game, allowing only six hits 
and three rW1S. Decker got run support 
from a three-run fifth inning, with 
the scores coming on sen ior outfielder 
Damian Fante's triple and senior out-
fielder David Gomez's Single. 

Prior to the series, many of the 
Tritons said they would need to win 
three out of four games against the 
Gators to have a chance at the playoffs. 
With the three wins already out of the 
way. the Tritons came into the series 
fmale on April 30 and got the icing on 
the cake with an 11 -2 win for UCSn's 
first sweep of the season. Grubman 
switched from his role as closer to start 
game four, and earned the win with his 
six strong innings. The win, the nrd 

of Grubman's career. tied the UCSD 
record for career wins. 

Morehead and Clement homered 
in the game, bringing UCSD's total for 
long balls this season to 53, one short 
of the record of 54 set in 1987. More 
important than record , however, is 
UCSD's much improved overall stand-
ing, now at 30-22 overall and 19-13 in 
the league. Despite standing in th ird 
place following the series, the Tritons 
are far from assured a playoff spot. No 
teanl in the CCAA has clinched, with 
eight teams still alive for four berths. 

The Tritons will have their first 
chance to clinch at the start of their 
final series, against Cal State Monterey 
Bay at home on May 5. 

Though it is a week away, one 
player has his goals set going into the 
pivotal series. 

"I think our expectations are really 
high for the team," Cantele said. "We 
expect to win the series and we expect 
to make the playoffs and do well and 
go far. That's the tearn's objective and 
that's the way its been looking all sea-
son:' 

UCSD Places Fourth As Hosts of Tournament 
~ POLO, from page 14 
harder," she said. 

Sophomore utility Lauren Woods 
credited UCSD's defeat to a loss of con-
fidence, as the Lions points piled up in 
the third and fina) quarters. 

"We got intimidated and let our 
confidence drop and started rushing 
it instead of taking smart shots:' she 
said . 

Loyola Marymount went on to 
face UC Davis for the shot at earning 
the conference's automatic bid to the 
NCAA Tournament, which ended up 
in the hands of the Aggies by a one-
point victory of 8-7. UCSD seniors. 
goalie Kaillin Foe and Perkins made 
the First All-Tournament Team. 
followed by Hockett, who received 
an honorable mention. Despite the 
two losses in the tournament. the 
Tritons reflected positively on their 
season and the areas in which they 
grew as a powerful unit. 

SeaWorid 
AtHIIT"a. Hal 

-w.,t 

Overview of pMition: 

"What sets us apart is the fact that 
we don't have any star players or reli -
able leaders." Perkins said. "We really 
grew as a team, not individually and 
it really helps having unpredictable 
people coming in and making things 
happen." 

Because of the lack of leadership. 
however, Perkins worries about who 
will fill in her and her fellow seniors' 
shoes next season, when the team will 
lose its two captains. a strong center 
player and a starting goalie. 

"It's hard enough as is with com-
munication and being able to rely on 
people to do the right thing at the 
right time and not being so hesitant 
to make decisions:' Perkins said. "You 
can have talent, which they've defi -
nitely got, but you also need experi-
ence for all the different situations 
we encounter that they haven't fully 
established yet~ 

LaRochelle points out that the level 

of success at the end of the season is 
not the only thing that is important. 

"This was my favorite team out of 
all four years of playing for UCSD; 
she said. "We played for each other 
100 percent. It's the teammates and 
the friendships we've built that makes 
it all worthwhile." 

As the younger players look toward 
next year, they realize a lot of it is all 
in the head. 

Hockett agrees that "there is always 
room for improvement with commu-
nication, but what it really comes down 
to is mental readiness." 

She doesn't want to let the last few 
games hinder this preparedness she 
seeks for next season. 

"I am very pleased with where 
we have come," Hockett said. "I don't 
think the final weekend was reflective 
of our skill level. but we have to let it 
go. move on, and focus on the next 
time around:' 

Sea World Adventure Park San Diego 
is currently looking for 

Tour Guides 
Educates parle; guests, school groups, camp partici-
pants, and private parties about marine animal infor-
mation at animal exhibits throughout the park. 

• Previous work or volunteer experience in camps, mu-
seums, classrooms or other informal educational set-
tings preferred. 

Maintains and enforces thc safety of the park guests 
and marine animals at exhibits throughout the park. 

Preferred SIdlJ. IIIld Education: 
• Good public speaker: comfortable in front of large 

groups. 

• Must be at least 18 years of age, have a high school 
diploma andlor equivalent, and pass a pre-employ-
ment written test and microphone assessment. 

• Must have a valid Cal.ifornia driver 's license and 12 or 
more uni ts of college credits are preferred. 
Virit tNt W.b ';t. for • "-;[«1 u .cnptUm of dtU po,;hO;'. 

Apply In person: Sea World Employment Center 
500 Sea World Drive, San Diego, CA 92109 

Houn of O.,.,Mion: Monday-Friday 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. 
Office: (619) 226-3842 web site: s~aworldJobs,com 

We Believe In You. 
Sta HfIrld ir /JII EqwJJ 0pfJ0rtvni!J EmpIJr1er 

SPORTS 15 

Volunteers Needed for 
Sleep Studies . 
Volunteer8 are needed for Studies being conducted at the 

Veterans Affairs Medical Center in La Jolla 
The research studies consist of several appointments that 

may include: 
~ Medical and psychological screening appointment 

~ Napping studies 
~ Possible sleep or sleep deprivation studies 
~ Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (FMRI) scans 

Subject& needed between the ages of 18-39 
If you are in good health and have no sleep problems. 

you may qualify 
..... EC1IMU IE _PEIIITEI .. 

.. ................................. 1I1r 

1r (858) 642-3965 or [858] 642-3219 



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rae! En/fen 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

KENDOTEAM 
FIGHTS WAY 
TO SECOND 

By Rad Enlun 
SPORTS EDITOR 

University support and team 
fundrai ing finally gave the UCSD 
kendo team its first chance to par-
ticipate in a tournament this year 
- and it represented the univer-
sity well , fin i hing one point behind 
UCLA in the 10th annual Shoryuhai 
Intercollegiate Kendo Tournament 
al Harvartl University April 22 and 
23. 

The UCSD team ent two quads, 
led by captain Takumi Kato, 10 
Ma sachusetts to compete against 
school s such as Yale, Cornell, 
Harvard, University of Washington 
and Soka University. The two teams, 
separated by skill and belt level, are 
each top kendo squads, as they faced 
each other in the semifinals of the 
tournament. However, Team A is 
clearly uperior, as it is composed 
of all black belts, while Team B has 
a mixture of black belts and less 
experienced fighters. Besides Kato, 
UCSD's first team was made up of 
Ann Tamura, Gene Kim and Bryan 
Cho. Tamura, who took second in 
individual competition on April 
23, competed against mostly male 
opponents to lead the team to its 
third -straight top-three finish at the 
tournament. According to Tamura, 
she would rather face females, but 
understands it is not always a pos-
sibility. 

"I prefer women, but at Harvard 
there aren't many girls playing;' she 
said. "There are a lot of women in 
kendo and a lot of them are bet-
ter than guys, bec,ause in kendo, 

[ KENDO, page 14 J 

TuE*GUARDIAN 
HOTCOINI 

Ina Dan 

SPORTS Women's Tennis The freshman was named CCAA Freshman of the Year and went 2-0 in the No. 17 Tritons' NCAA Tournament opening round win over Sonoma State on April 29. 
MONDAY, MAY I, 2006 

Last-Second Goal Drops Water Polo 

BillY WONG/ GUARDIAN 
Senior goalkeeper Kaitlin Foe allowed the game-winning goal with 18 seconds left in her final game as a Triton, a 6-51055 to Santa Clara in the WWPA Tournament on April 30. 

By Nicky Buchanan 
STAFF WRITER 

After suffering a devastating 9-4 
loss to the top-ranked team in the 
West, Loyola Marymount University, 
on the second day of action in the 
Western Water Polo Association 
Championships, the No. 15 UCSD 
women's water polo team was deter-
mined to beat Santa Clara University 
to take third place at the tourna-
ment. However, the win was swept 
away from under the Tritons, as 
Santa Clara's 2-meter Claire Linney 
scored a goal in the last 18 seconds 
to end the game by a score of 6-5. 

The Broncos came out with a 
die-hard attitude, as they smacked in 
three goals early in the first quarter 
before UCSD's sophomore 2-meter 
Judy Eamus retaliated for the first 
point of the game for the Tritons, 
bringing it to 3-1 going into the 
second half. 

"We fell down early due to a 
defensive breakdown," junior utility 
Michelle Perkins said. 

After halftime and two more 
Santa Clara goals, the Tritons 
seemed to pick up their energy level 
and get their heads back in the game, 
as junior 2-meter Natalie Hockett 
picked up on the team's new fire to 

push out her second and third goals 
of the game, bringing UCSD only 
one point behind Santa Clara at 5-
4. The slim margin did not last, as 
the Tritons kept at the back of the 
Broncos' heels. They tied the game 
up at five goals apiece on another 
goal by Eamus. Unfortunately, with 
only 18 seconds left in the game 
and overtime on the horizon, Linney 
netted a quick, surprise goal, sealing 
the victory over the host team with 
no time left for a comeback. 

The final game of the-season was 
upsetting for UCSD, especially for 
the seniors who won't be around to 
avenge it next year. Perkins vented 

her frustration with the goal that 
cost her team its final loss. 

"It's not the way any team wants 
to end their season, especially as a 
senior and it being the last game of 
our coUege careers;' she said. "It just 
came down to who wanted it more 
and they played with more heart." 

Other Tritons tried to find the 
brighter side of things. 

"It was a hard-fought game and 
really competitive," senior driver 
Flynn LaRochelle said. ·We have 
always fought until the final sec-
ond and we did it again this game, 

[ HEARTIREAK, page 14] 

Sweep of SFSU Gives UCSD Hope Three-Straight Victories 
Improve Softball's Chances By Rae! En/een SPORTS EDITOR 

The stars aligned for the UCSD 
baseball team this weekend, as the 
Tritons leaped over four league rivals, 
movmg to third place in the California 
Collegiate Athletic Association. The 
victory put the Tritons in a position 
to earn a playoff spot as the team 
enters its last series of the season with 
a four-game homestand against Cal 
State Monterey Bay May 5 to 7. 

A couple of losses by the Chico 
tate Wildcats helped UCSD's cause, 

but what is most responsible for the 
Tritons' improved postseason chanc-
es was a four-game sweep of San 
Francisco State University on the road 
April 28 to 30. UCSD arrived in the 
beautiful City by the Bay with its 
playoff hopes in jeopardy. 

San Francisco State, however, had 
no chance at the postseason, instead 
hoping to play the role of spoilers 
in the series. The Gators were not 
stuck in ninth place in the CCAA by 
chance, and they could not do any-
thing to stop the Tritons from roUing 
as they were dearly outmatched by 
the talented Tritons. 

According to head coach Dan 
O'Brien, the improvement came after 
the team acknowledged its weak-
nesses. 

"We spent some time re-evaluat-
ing our goals and emphasized some 
important areas th.at we wanted to 
improve from the last two weeks of 
the season; he said. "And I feel like 
we accomplished some of those goals 
this weekend - that's why we got 
four wins." 

UCSD arrived in San Francisco 

GREG DALE/GUARDIAN 
The Tritons swept San Francisco State May 5 to 7, lifting them into third place in the 
California Collegiate Athletic Association and giving them a chance at the postseason. 
coming off an embarrassing 13-7 loss 
to nonconference opponent Grand 
Canyon UniverSity. However, the 
Tritons looked like a different team 
against the Gators, racking up 38 
runs in the series while holding San 
Francisco State to only 21. The Triton 
offense was on fire from the start, 
as it scored 11 runs in the first three 
innings of the series opener. 

O'Brien attributed the Tritons' hot 
hitting to his coaches and his players. 

"I think it's a combination of 
working very hard on our offense in 
the fall and the spring and having an 
outstanding coaching staff that works 
with the hitters - specifically Chad 
Addison, who's our hitting instruc-
tor; he said. "It's a combination of 
that, and the fact that we have more 
talent this year than we've had in 
terms of guys with the ability to drive 

the ball out of the ballpark." 
Freshman frrst baseman Matt 

Cantele was one of many Tritons 
with multihit games, but his 4-for-6, 
three run, four-RBI performance was 
the most impressive of the day. Two 
of Cantele's RBIs came on his lOth 
homer of the year, a legendary shot, 
as it is the first time in team history 
that three players have racked up 10 
dingers or more. Junior catcher David 
Morehead and designated hitter Scott 
Clement have been the other power 
hitters for the Tritons this season, with 
12 and 14 long balls, respectively. 

"I'm really honored to be with 
those guys because those guys are 
such good hitters; Cantele said. "It's 
nice to come in and make an inlpact 
this year and get an opportunity to 

[ BASEBALL, page 15 ] 

By LauF'en Kalo 
STAFF WRITER 

Coming off a seven-game losing 
streak, three-straight wins kept the 
UCSD softball team's slim postsea-
son hopes alive, as the Tritons won 
their final game against Cal State 
San Bernardino and followed up the 
crucial league win with a two-game 
sweep of nonconference Grand 
Canyon University on April 28. 

Game one against Grand Canyon 
started off with quick scores, as the 
Antelopes took control early, scor-
ing once in the third and again in 
the fifth. Things looked grim for the 
Tritons going into the bottom of the 
seventh, as they trailed 2-0. 

Senior shortstop Desiree 
Franciscus started UCSD's rally 
attempt with a one-out single up 
the middle. Junior second baseman 
Dallas Hernandez kept things mov-
ing for the Tritons and advanced 
the runner to second with a single 
through the left side. After junior 
catcher Nikki Palmer struck out, 
the Tritons were left with runners 
on first and second with two outs. 
Senior outfielder Niki Anderson 
loaded the bases with a single to 
left field and senior outfielder Jenny 
Spencer followed suit, driving in a 
run for UCSD. With a full count, 
freshman pinch hitter Allison May 
connected, sending the ball just over 
second base, scoring Hernandez and 
Anderson for the comeback win. 

Of the five UCSD hits in the end 
of the seventh, three came off the 

bats of the three seniors who were 
playing the final home games of 
their UCSD careers. 

"It was really a team effort, with 
so many people coming through in 
the clutch," Spencer said of the win. 

Freshman pitcher Lauren 
Chastain picked up the complete 
game victory and improved to 4-8 
this season after allOWing only one 
earned run on seven hits with two 
walks and two strikeouts. 

Still hot, the Tritons continued 
their offensive barrage in game two, 
scoring all five of their rUlls in the 
first two innings. Only three of 
those five runs were earned, as the 
Antelopes racked up three errors. 

Sophomore infielder Elizabeth 
Vazquez went 3·for-4, including a 
run, while freshman outfielder Katie 
Levien went 2-for-3 with two RBIs. 
Spencer contributed a hit and two 
runs, while Franciscus also had a hit 
and an RBI in the victory. 

Grand Canyon's only run in the 
second game came off a solo homer 
in the fifth off of sophomore Melissa 
Ward. Despite allowing the one run, 
Ward improved to 14- 11 on the 
season, walking two and striking 
out six. The win marked her 20th 
complete game of the season in only 
24 starts. 

Before busting out of their slump 
with the wins over Grand Canyon, 
the Tritons faced Cal State San 
Bernardino for two road games on 
April 26, entering the series with a 

l SOmALL, page 15] 


