
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE WORKPLACE BARREL ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Undergrad Life, Culture 
Focus of Group Suggestions 

Pub Lease Uncertain as Year Ends 
Lack of on -campus 
housing, central 
facilities main causes 
of student complaints, 
committee finds. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

A campus committee - charged 
by Chancellor Marye Anne Fox with 
evaluating the shortfalls of under-
graduate life - released its first com-
prehensive report , which included 
many fa r-reaching goals that admin-
istrators hope will improve the stu -
dent experience. 

IMPROVING STUDENT UFE 
lhe COINIIItIee recommendid: 

• The UIe of the virtual 
Underpaduate Research 
Center to Involve students 
In research 

• The revival of A.S.-spon-
sored T.G. ewents to create 
regular student-orlented 
programs 

• The development of a 
Campus V111a8e 

• bents and ceremonies at 
the beginninB and end of 
coIlese careers 

ARASH 

Members of the Undergraduate 
Student Experience and Satisfaction 
Subcommittee, including adminis-
trators, students and faculty, cat-
egorized their recommendations 
into nine "principles," and dis -
cussed possible improvements to 
campus life. The group began its 
work earlier this year, based on 
a report released last year by a 
larger U.S.E.S. committee. Group 
members stated that many students 
found campus life and culture drab 
and "legalistic." 

sive projects that Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs loseph w. Watson 
said symbolize the university's dif-
ficult mission of shaping campus 
culture. 

Employee Beau Cornell may lose his job if the university decides to lease the Porter's Pub space to a different business next year. 

"UCSD is lackluster," the U.S.E.S. 
report stated. "The sense of com-
munity is weak; the campus . lacks 
spirit, the campus climate is cold 
and nonwelcoming; and the campus 
does not have a commonly shared 
set of traditions and rituals." 

In its proposals, the subcommit-
tee focused on defining a culture for 
UCSD. Some suggestions involved 
short -term goals such as decoration 
contests during Triton Spirit week. 
However, the bulk of the recom-
mendations involved comprehen-

"It is certainly the most impor-
tant and complex task because it 
most actively engages all campus 
constituencies - faculty, students, 
staff, alumni and retirees - in ways 
that promote both the feeling and 
reality of being fully appreciated 
and contributing members of the 
UCSD community," said Watson, 
who is charged with carrying out 
many of the committee's recom-
mendations. 

A glaring problem with under-
graduate life, the committee found, 
was the lack of student housing. 
Finding avenues for students to 
live oncampus would be the "most 
effective action UCSD can take to 

[REPORT, page 7] 

Porter's Pub plans 
to submit proposal 
to keep its space as 
the university courts 
other businesses. 

By Woodrow C. Covington 
CONTRIBUTING WRI TER 

University Centers will accept 
proposals from local pubs and 
nightclubs to lease the space 
currently occupied by Porter's 
Pub when its lease expires this 
November. 

Though the pub will submit a 
proposal to renew its lease, the uni-
versity is exploring other options. 

The University Centers 

Advisory Board, which controls the 
leases of central university spaces, 
will request an inquiry into other 
options whenever a University 
Centers lease expires, UCAB 
Director Gary R. Ratcliff stated in 
an e-mail. Although Porter's Pub 
itself could be gone after next year, 
Ratcliff said that UCAB wants to 
preserve the pub's "funky noninsti -
tutional atmosphere." 

The space, which includes a 
stage, will still be rented to a busi-
ness that will book shows with 
bands and DIs, Ratcliff stated. 

Researching other possibilities 
for the space is a "common" prac-
tice for the board, according to 
Ratcliff. 

"Their goal is to have more 
activities on campus on a regular 

basis for students," he stated . 
Porter's Manager Tim Mills said 

that the univer ity is aiming to trans-
form the pub's environment. 

"I think they want to turn [the 
Student Center] into Price Center 
junior; make it more corporate:' 
Mills said. 

Ratcliff, 'however, was adamant 
that the ambience of the pub -
and the sale of alcohol - would be 
included in the new lease. 

Rob Porter, a UCSD graduate 
and owner of the pub that bears 
his name, said that Ratcliff had 
given him the impression that the 
lease would be made exclusively 
avai lable to Porter's Pub. Porter 
added that he has not had contact 

( PUB, page 7 I 

UCSD Minority Faculty Lags Behind Systemwide Figures STUDENT AID 
HEADS TO 

CHOPPING 
BLOCK 

BREAKDOWN OF FULL·TlME UC FACULTY 

i~~----------------
i~~---------------­
I~~---------------

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

While the ethnic diversity of faculty has been 
limited systemwide. the makeup of professors at 
UCSD is even less varied, according to numbers 
released by the University of California Office of 
the President. 

The figures were coupled with recommenda-

HIATUS 

More Than Cheap Booze 
A new dual-museum, mixed-media exhibit 
explores modern Tjjuana art. 
page 8 

tions from a task force commissioned by UC 
President Robert C. Dynes last fall to investigate 
ways to improve diversity in faculty ranks. The 
group - composed of professors and adminis-
trators from all UC campuses - described its 
goal as vital to improving campus life. 

At UCSD, full-time faculty have been mostly 

[ FACULTY, page 3] 

WarneRS 
battle at the 
page 16 

ARASH KESHMIRIANIGU~RD/~N 
Anthropology profrsgz DavKI Jordan is one of many faculty members 
that are white, the domillllllt ethnicity of prr!P.ssors in the UC system. 

State phases out bill 
provisions that would have 
increased award amounts. 

By jadyn Snow 
STAFF WRI TER 

A bill that would have provided more than 
$122 million in aid to California undergradu-
ates was stripped in the state Assembly, and 
now offers less than $2 million to students. 

In its original form, the legislation, spon-
sored by Assemblyman Hector De la Torre 
(D- outh Gate), would have altered the cur-
rent Cal Grant program by widening the scope 

[ AID, page 7 I 

INSIDE WEATHER 
New Business ......................... 3 
Edilorials .................................. 5 
Column .................................... 6 

Junt I June 2 
Hn L60 H79L64 

Album Reviews ................... . 13 
Classifieds ............................. 14 
Crossword ............................. 14 

Jund June 4 
H78 L65 H76L45 



2 NEWS 

SUNGOD & TRITON 

CURRENTS ------
Ten Ceremonies 

Will Honor Grads 
Speakers rangi ng from an ABC 

news national secur ity correspon-
dent to a fo rmer sta te senato r to a 
director of the National Institutes 
of H.ealth will be present a t 10 
graduation ceremo nies at UCSD 
between June 3 a nd June 19, 
wh ich are expected to attract as 
ma ny as 48,000 guests for the 
5,431 graduates. 

The universi ty is gradu atin g 
the ina ugural classes of both its 
Skaggs School of Pharmacy a nd 
Pharmaceut ical Sciences (24 
graduates) and Sixth College (190 
graduates) on June 3 and June 18, 
respectively. 

UCSD School of Medicine will 
graduate 117 students on june 
4, wh ile the Graduate School 
of Internationa l Re lations a nd 
Pacific Studies will g ive diplomas 
to 125 students on june 17. 

Other ceremonies include 
those of john Mui r College (900 
graduates) on June 17, Thurgood 
Marsha ll Coll ege (900 gradua tes) 
on June 17, Earl Warren College 
(1,250 graduates) on June 18, the 
UCS D Graduate Division (275 
graduates) on June 18, Reve ll e 
Coll ege (850 graduates) on june 
18 a nd Eleanor Roosevelt Col lege 
(800 gradu ates) on june 19. 

Academic Senate 
Honors Profs 

Seven professo rs and three 
graduate students w i II be hon-
ored during a reception at the 
Cecil and Ida Green Faculty Club 

on June 2 for excellence in teach-
ing. 

Honored fa c ulty members 
inc lude psyc hology professor 
james Kulik, vi sua l arts professor 
Grant Kester, structura l engineer-
ing professor Joe l P. Conte, math-
emati cs professor John Eggers , 
linguisti cs professor Eric Bakovic, 
urban studies professor Keith 
Pezzol i and literature professor 
John Granger. Graduate students 
to be honored are struc tural e ngi-
neer Ba rt Raeymaekers, soc iolo-
gist Michael Evans and anthro-
pologist Heather Bond Poje. 

The Distingui shed Teaching 
Awards, sponsored by the UCSD 
Acade mic Senate, will be pre-
sented in a ceremony including 
speeches by Chancellor Marye 
Anne Fox, Academic Senate 
Chair Jean-Bernard Minster and 
distinguished teaching committee 
Cha ir Janet Smarr. 

The awards were established 
in 1992 to recognize Academic 
Senate members who have made 
extraordinary contributions to 
UCSD as teachers. 

Cal Student Nominated 
for Regent Position 
A selection committee nomi -

nated UC Berke ley Boalt Hall 
student Benjamin Allen to serve 
as stude nt regent for 2007-08. 

If approved, Allen wi II become 
the 33 rd student regent since 1975 
and will replace UCLA graduate 
student Maria Ledesma after her 
term expires in July 2007. 

The full UC Board of Regents 
will consider Allen's nomination 
at its July meeting . 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

h FREE* 
~-!-. ....... 

FREE Truck to Move Inl 
• Plan Ahead-Reserve Now! 
• No Security Deposit • Friendly Staff 
• Call for Guaranteed Reservation with 

Credit Card www •••• DI ............... CO. 
~--------------------I 
: 1 MONTH : 
i F EE!* i 
I for UCSD students, faculty" staff I 

'wlth payment of 2 months. Pleas. present coupon. I 
___ ~j:.t !!. t:.m!:n!:~'a!"~ E.:!.~~,! ____ I 

'" lo •• enfo 
..-..... ey 

I.L.IToa ••• _ 
...... ~WI ....... _ 

10531 SOrren~~te.Y Rd_ 
858 4.300Il00 

", f, 
::G."'o ... en ~ ••••••• e 

I.L' .,oa ••• 
".5orIa...o5ftll ....... ~ 

10345 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
8584.1-1001 

", f, 
::Gi .... Me .. ~I'L' .'0 •••• _ 

rM s.ft 0...0 s.w~com.,."" 
7044 Flanders 

aSa411MS11 
", I, ~r.O .... enfO 

..-Me •• 
IIL'ITO •••• _ 
rIKr San 1Mgos.H_-_r 

6690 Mira Mesa Blvd_ 
8584111-0100 

__ •••• • • • • f •••••• I ••• ~ •••• " • • • • • ••• 11 •• •• ,. , . • , t •••••• " ............... .... .... .. 

THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 

_.QIoI 
VIodimi' iCop1 .......... 

lin!. fIbrI 

=='-.... 
Charles NI..,.. __ 

."...McArdIe -..._ ... 
MIdden 0pI0I000 ... 

~c.mp ...... o,woo fAr 
I!..t .......... _ 

Dono/toIIIIntJer -....,.... fAr CIIIIIIIt/'le __ 

~.,... ...--- , 
... HIboun .... ... 

Chil'-CIId< -..... .... -. 
&8Ie .... 

Billy""'"s ..... _ 

AleundorVorond -... ..... _ 

Andrew N...,.. 000Ip_ 
Riley 501.>'''-I'o>rc< AII_ 

---~-

KoIh." .... foIcCIII _GoMnI-" 
1IMdl .. 1_ ..... ....... 

Mi<WoTtll ............ -.. 
VlnceC_ ~Iopre ... 

-- ....... ""-JoshRos< ~ 

- ...... Te .. , """in. ICloHaoe to 
-_ ........ ...,.... 

C""1I' CII .... 1IiMd ChOl 
.......... 

T .... 8uchio, c.Nr c-, Tr.-01 ... 
The UCSD G</IIdi.. I. "",11.hed Mondays 
,nd ThUflday. duMtl the ac.>demle " .. by 
ucso .. udenU .... fcir .... UCSO .... ""'nlty. 
l.".oductiOll of lhit _ ... ny .form, 
whleher in who4e 01 " 111'\ ~ permisston 
i ... rtI:tIv....,.,..,.... O .......... resoMd. 
The IJCSII C .... Is hOI ........ bte for 1he 
mumol.-vlicited_ ........ The riews 
"'I"!'ied lIt,eIIt do ... nee..".., represent 1he 

:~"::l'~ c:: ~1.>~~~T~~m 
Cuw"n I. funded solely by ."",,,i.ing. Hot 
beef Injecton. 

General Editorial: 85tr5J4..6580 
editcriucsd8WfdiMl.0f8 

News: ass-S34-S226. .-s'lJuadxuordion.ag 
Focu~ ass-SJ4.S226.Iett~-"'S 
~::=~ag 

. ass-SJ4{r5l1. 'fXXIJ~.c::' 
. 858-~ pItoto*uadi-d .... ag 

adst 

AcM!rtising: 8S8-534-J.466 
ads@ucsdguardian .org 

Fax: 858-534-7691 

Enlightenment 

FINE TUNING F 
LAW SCHOOL 
Storage Co. will 
pick up your stuff 

THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 

Loose Ends Tied Up In 
Lengthy Budget Meeting 
A Iter several hours of intense discussion, the A.S. Council finally passed the much-
debated 2006-07 executive budget, 
which will decide the amount of 
funding for all A.s. -related programs 
next year. 

The budget approval. which lived 
up to its reputation as the longest 
meeting of the year, reinforced vis-
ible splits among councilmembers 

Marshall event but not a UCSO event 
is bullhockey; Commissioner of 
Student Advocacy Tnvia Silva said. 

Ultimately, some senators ques-
_ tioned whether or not it was fair to 
take money away from certain events 
to give it to others. 

"Please don't cut one tradition 
event for another tradition event just 
because one thinks they're better than 
the other; Marshall Junior Senator 

Kyle Samia 
said . 

New 
Business 

Many sena-
tors questioned 
the necessity of 
the A.S. pan-

who favored fol-
lowing precedent 
and those who 
sought to set their 
own standards. 
Among the most 
contested items on 
the budget was the 
UCSO Cultural 

Matt L'Heureux cake breakfast 
mlheureu@ucsd.edu pioneered by 

President Harry 
Celebration, formerly the Thurgood 
Marshall College Cultural 
Celebration. 

Supporters argued that the $4,000 
proposed allocation would be insuf-
ficient to run the event as planned. 
Beginning with a plea from event 
coordinators during public input, 
and lasting through two additional 
hours of discussion, the amount of 
the event was increased to $6,350 
after cuts were made to various other 
line items. 

Although some of the cuts seemed 
obviously rational, they were still met 
with some unexplained opposition. 
For example, moving $500 from 
cart maintenance to the celebra-
tion aroused dissent, even though, 
as Interim Revelle CoUege Freshnwt 
Senator Rac:bel Corell pointed out, 
"We don't have a fucking cart~ 

After a gentle reminder from Vice 
President Internal ,anine DeIIomes 
to temper the obscenity, the debate 
about whether the cultural celebra-
tion was an all-campus event or a 
MarshaU CoUege event continued. 

"To say something can be a 

Khanna, and attempted to move 
funding elsewhere. 

"I think we should look at our-
selves and scrutinize how much we 
are spending before we scrutinize how 
much our student orgs are spend-
ing," Commissioner of Athletics Karl 
Gobdsaid 

As expected, the hot-button issues 
of Student-Run Television and the 
Koala soon made an appearance. 

Interim Sixth CoUege Freshman 
Senator Matt Corrala moved to 
zero-fund the Koala publication dur-
ing discussion of the media budget. 
However, the motion was not sec-
onded. Similarly, one senator moved 
to take the $8,000 allocated to SRTV 
and put it in general unaUocated. 

However, the council's faith in 
SRTV's recent restoration ultimately 
defeated the motion. 

One of the most debated and yet 
unresolved issues - reallocating 
funding to coUege councils in favor 
of campuswide events - is proving 
to be the hurdle that councilmembers 
will have to jump over in deciding 
their policy for the next year. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Prof. Makeup 
Mostly White 
Systemwide 

• FACULTY, from page 1 
white for the past decade. In 2005 • 
almost 80 percent of full-time profes-
sors were white. While the levels of 
ethnic-minority professors have con-
sistently jumped each year for those 
years. the task force still described the 
situation as critical. 

The figures are not much better 
systemwide, where almost 79 percent 
of full-time faculty is white. 

Task force members are also pre-
paring to overhaul faculty hiring 
practices, because "the next decade of 
increased faculty retirements presents 
a one-time opportunity of higher fac-
ulty turnover:' 

Minority faculty were hired at a 
rate of almost 10 percent of applicants 
during the 1990s, the task force found, 
but the level dropped significantly with 
the passage of Proposition 209, which 
barred the use of race as a factor in 
hiring practices. Since 2000, however. 
the university has returned to previous 
levels of minority faculty employment. 
though officials did not offer reasons 
why. 

UCSO is aiming to diversify the 
ethnicity and gender makeup of its 
faculty, according to Academic Senate 
Chair Jean-Benard Minster. 

At the same time, improvements 
will be complicated, he said_ 

"It is dearly a chaUenge to turn a 
multi-generational process around," 
he said. "ITI he proof in the pudding 
will take a few years to materialize." 

Using raw figures to evaluate 
UCSO's faculty diversity ignores the 
"awareness" of committees that are 
trying to solve the problem, Minster 
said. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Do you have a hectic schedule? Maybe private 
tutoring-is for you'lllt you're interested in working 
one-on-one, call today. We have excellent 
private tutoring packages available! 

Courses for the 
September 30th LSAT beOln: 

June,24th 
July 15th 

August 12th 

Sign up· before June 2nd and 
receive S 100 off" 

Call now to registerl 
BOO-2Review - PrincetonReview.com 

LSAT I, I ........ red trIdomlrk of the low School Admlnlon Council 
(LSAC) . n.. PriDcetarrllnlew _ n.. PrlDCetOD R_. "" 
trodemorlta for 1M Pru..:etoD anlow, ".c. 'DIe Prl8cetOD lnIew, IDe. 10 
not oIili .. ed with 'rlaccton Unlnnlty. 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus 1 
Tell Your Parents to Buy Q 

Condo for Youl 
WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Rent the extro rooms to your (riends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay (or the mortgage __ _ 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
' .. . your pcrrents can ~ off the intrrest on the mortgagel 

NEWS 3 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Finestreoltor@hotmoll.com • www.cbcalifarnia.com/tobin 

thursday _I 
ULTRAVIOLET 

7pm & 10pm • $3 

.-. 

6pm & 9pm • $3 



4 ~ THE~> ... GuARDIAN '" presidential elections and compel 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opin;on@ucsdguardian.org OPINION ~ 

Props to the interstate compact designed 
to gM! Califomia more influence in 

... politicians to campaign in our state. 

decision regarding whistleblowers only ... 
The U.S. Supreme Court's recent ~ 

makes public employees' free sP.t!ech 
protections more ambiguous. 

EDITORIALS 
Don't Celebrate SRTV's 
Return to Air Just Yet 

Upon first glance. the return of Student-Run Television's signal seems to be a triumph. After all, it has brought .an end 
to months of politicking and is half-hearted. Programming is 
bitter relations between A.S. stiffly regulated during the day, 
councilmembers, administrators then is shut off to ensure no 
and station officials ... right? indecent material airs. 
SRTV co-Manager Andrew Until he can barter with 
Tess and A.S. President Harry administrators for more lenient 
Kha1lna know better, and so content regulations, Khanna 
does this board. might be better off shutting 

Both Tess and Khanna have down the station and diverting 
expressed limited satisfaction SRTV's $8,000 budget to other 
over the station's restricted areas. Vice Chancellor of Student 
return between Affairs Joseph w. 
6 a.m. and 10 Watson is ready 
p.m., and retain . BRACE FOR IMPACT to choke the 
thei r criticisms station's content 
made earlier this ~ The return of SRTV for good, as the 
year about the means Uttle, as the AUP University of 
administrators' is tUn up In the air. California Office 
"acceptable use of the President is 
policy" for Triton Cable. Both close to approving the AUP. 
have described the document - If it does so, Watson and 
which barsvariousformsofsexual acting Assistant Vice Chancellor 
and indecent programming - as of Student Life Gary R. Ratcliff 
"overreaching" and "draconian:' will have a heavy bargaining chip 
While this is a start, Tess and in talks where administrators 
Khanna should take even have already been inflexible. 
tronger action in their fight Because of this, student leaders 

agai nst censorship, even if that must act quickly to accomplish 
means losing the signal now. the ultimate goal: freedom of 

Currently, the station's return speech for students. 

Far Too Much Is Still 
Swept Under the Rug 
U CSD students are facing a potentia1ly grave health risk, and the university is doing little to stop it. As this week's Guardian 
investigation showed,the campus' EHS has tried too hard to play 
Department of Environment, the role of a "friend;' neglecting 
Health and Safety has been its ' duty as a regulator and 
selectively administering health endangering students in the 
codes, granting "variances" and process. 
exceptions to eating facilities in If the state constitution's 
violation of state law and allowing guaranteed autonomy for the 
repeat offenders to stay open UC system allows the university 
for business despite not having to selectively interpret and 
any reasonable expectation for administer state law when 
positive change. These policies it comes to health and safety, 
are clearly not in the best interest something is wrong. 
of students, A I tho ugh 
staff, faculty or cam pus 
patients. BON APPHIT. reg u I at ion s 

C urr e ntly , require EHS to 
the university's ~ There Is reason to worry comply with state 
Business Aff<lirs about safety of campus law, the Uiversity 
de par t men t cfinInB facilities. of California 
oversees EHS, Office of the 
even though the department President has no similar policy 
also controls many of the - each campus is given leeway 
eateries EHS inspects - a clear to apply standards however 
conflict of interest that could be it sees fit. At the very least, 
easily mitigated by moving EHS state law should be enforced, 
to another department, such for regulations are there for 
as Resource Management and a legitimate reason: public 
Planning. safety. The current policies 

In its long-s tanding do not promote a safe dining 
relationship with food facilities, experience. 

THE~GuARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Grant Schrader 

Vladimir Kogan 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Ian S. Port 
MANAGING EDITOR 

EDITOR IN CH IEF 
Charles Nguym 

NEWS EDITOR 
Marianne Maddm 
OPINION EDITOR 

1 he UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 
California at San Diego. Contenls e 2006. Views expressed herein represent 
the majority vole of the editorial board and are not necessari ly those of the 
UC Board of Regent , the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian starr. 

THURSDAY, JUNE I, 2006 _______________________ _ 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Riley Salant-Pearce 

Show Us the Money: Students May 
Want to Pass On Unpaid Internships 

By Marianne Madden 
OPINION EDITOR 

A h, the humble intern. Monica Lewinsky got plen-ty out of her internship at 
the White House; Chandra Levy, 
an intern at the Federal Bureau of 
Prisons who disappeared in 2001 
and was later found murdered in 
Rock Creek Park, perhaps got less 
out of hers. 

Interns are the memo-takers, 
coffee-makers and file-organizers 
of the world, and their volunteer 
labor totals a 5124 million hand-
out to corporate America each year 
- at least according to a quick 
calculation done by New York Times 
opled contributor Anya Kamenetz. 
Kamenetz has a simple message: 
"Take This Internship and Shove It." 
Or, if you value the work experience 
that an internship provides, at least 
salvage your dignity and take a paid 
position. 

Her May 30 opled is one of the 
few pieces of journalism to take a 
critical look at the phenomenon of 
students jumping at the chance to 
work for free - or taking intern-
ships because their universities 
require them to do so. Kamenetz 
writes of her own college-era intern-
ship: "I took it for granted. as most 
students do, that working without 
pay was the best possible prepa-
ration for success; parents usually 
agree to subsidize their offspring's 
internships on this basis. But what if 
we're wrong?" 

What if, indeed. With two-thirds 
of college students taking out loans 
to fund their studies, Kamenetz rea-
sons that "those students who must 
borrow to pay tuition are going fur-
ther into debt for internships" - all 
for the pipe dream that maybe, just 
maybe, their internship will lead to 
a job offer, or at least provide a vital 
foot in the door or the recommen -
dation of a well-respected industry 
bigwig. 

A poll conducted by 
CareerExposure.com found that 
more than 90 percent of interns 
received an offer for a full -time 
position after their internship. 
Ninety-five percent of student 
interns reported that they viewed 
internships as good work experience 
and helpful in jumpstarting their 
careers and networking in their cho-
sen industry. 

However, those numbers seem 

bloated, and students have every 
reason to be overly optimistic about 
the inlernships' value. 

When students earn college cred-
it by performing internships, such 
as those through UCSD's Academic 
Internship Program, employers don't 
feel any guilt about using interns as 
unpaid temp workers. It's easy for 
employers to reason that they "don't 
have the resources" to pay interns 
or hire them even if they've proven 
their worth . • 

Still, students jump at internship 
opportunities. hoping they will pre-
pare them for real jobs. Kamenetz 
finds this view problematic: "Unpaid 
internships are not jobs, only simu-
lations. And fake jobs are not the 
best preparation for real jobs." Even 
waiting tables is a more valuable and 
reaListic job experience, she implies. 

Indeed, the pull of the intern-

s not the best 
students who are 

taken on as interns, 
but the ones who can 
afford to work for free 
- getting one's foot 

in the door becomes a 
question of financial 
means, not of talent 

or skill." 
ships offered through AlP is that 
they are tailored to students. But 
a job - such as the type average 
UCSD students would want after 
graduation - is aimed toward a 
professional, not a student. Students 
should be pushed toward looking, 
acting and working like profession-
als - not encouraged to stay in the 
transitioual, "not quite grown-up" 
period of being "just a student.' 

Kamenetz also finds it worrisome 
that unpaid internships make stu-
dents grateful to work for nothing. 
and ultimately links unpaid work 
with people having lowered expec-
tations when they . actually begin 
careers. She contends that "intern -
ships promote overidentification 
with employers: I make sacrifices 
to work free, therefore I must love 

my work." Kamenetz also theorizes, 
"Perhaps this emotion helps explain 
why educated workers in this coun-
try are less and less likely to orga-
nize' even as full-time jobs with 
benefits go the way of the Pinto." It's 
a simple formula: Interns are con-
ditioned to be grateful for whatever 
real or imagined opportunities the 
internship provides for them, at zero 
cost to the employer. 

Kamenetz likens interns to illegal 
immigrants: "an oversupply of peo-
pLe willing to work for low wages or, 
in the case of interns. literally noth -
ing." Meanwhile, college students 
- who, despite being students, are 
worth something as workers - are 
selling themselves short. 

In Britain, at least, this is having 
tangible, negative effects. Komenetz 
cites a recent survey done by Britain's 
National Union of Journalists that 
found "that an influx of unpaid grad-
uates kept wages down and patched 
up the gaps left by job cuts." 

For the one-third of college 
students who don't need loans to 
finance their education, unpaid 
internships are a win-win situa-
tion. But, as Kamenetz points out, 
this isn't meritocratic. It's not the 
best students who are taken on as 
interns. but the ones who can afford 
to work for free - getting one's foot 
in the door becomes a question of 
fmancial means, not of talent or 
skill. 

As summer vacation approaches 
- or has already begun for many 
college students around the country 
- uncritical reports are touting the 
internship opportunities many com-
panies are offering. Disneyland, for 
example, has unveiled an internship 
program, planning to offer college 
credit and $8 to $10 an hour to 200 
interns. 

Unf~tunately. the positions 
offered are described as being in 
"retail, rides and food service' -
not exactly intellectually stimulating 
work - and Disneyland admits it's 
trying the program as a way to fill 
positions during a time when work-
ers are scarce. Disneyland is simply 
repackaging menial summer jobs 
- the bread and butter of bored 16-
year-olds - as internships worthy 
of college credit. It's a pretty com-
mon pattern - a company realizes 
it has humdrum tasks that need to 
be completed, an internship posi-

[ INTERNS, page 6] 

THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

FASTER o MORI 



6 OPINION 

Unpaid 
Work Isn't 

the Best Job 
Experience 

• INTERNS, from page 4 
tion is created and students flock. 

However, . Disneyland did get 
something right : They're paying 
their workers, and research shows 
that the most fruitful internships are 
the paid ones. It seems that when an 
employer pays an inte rn for their 
troubles, they're more likely to give 
them interesting, productive, educa-
tional and difficult tasks - which is 
the whole pOint of interning in the 
first place. And offering a wage lev-
els the playing field between wealthy 
students and those relying on finan -
cial aid. 

The more important pOint, as 
Kamenetz points out, is tbat "get-
ting hir~d and getting paid are what 
work, in the real world, is all about:' 
Working for pay is the defining char-
acteristic of a job - it sounds obvi-
ous, but it 's lost on some employ-
ers, who bill unpaid internships as 
stand-ins for true job experience. 
Additionally, money is a great moti-
vator. An unpaid coffee-fetcher is an 
understimulated wretch; a paid cof-
fee-fetcher is someone agitating for 
some real tasks - and, in the long 
run, providing much more worth to 
the company or organizatioh. 

The enduring nature of unpaid 
internships is emblematic of the 
strange limbo that college students 
exist in. College students do high -
level work and have a wide range of 
marketable skiUs, but, supported by 
parents or student loans, we are able 
to work for free, encouraged by our 
universities to view internships as 
classes conducted off campus. 

Maybe it's time for this paradigm 
to shift. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 

Saluting the Champion Mindfuck: President Bush's War 
l owe you aU an apology. In the Likely reality that this is the last bit of conversation 
we'll get to share for a while, I feel 
that I have let you down. 

As a columnist for this news-
paper, I've celebrated, condoned, 
critiqued and contemplated a few 

some of the costs: 
• 2,471 U.S. soldiers; 2,695 

coalition troops (as of May 31) 
• 5284 billion (growing every 

second) 
• 71 reporters (more than any 

other modern war) 
• 40,000 Iraqi civilians (see 

www.iraqbody-

lines in 
,the Sand 

Ian Port 

count.org) 

They harass, kidnap and murder 
people who · follow different reli-
gious practices or support compet-
ing politicians, often with t~e help 
of weapons and equipment pro-
vided by an American government 
that had very different objectives 
in mind." 

Then there's Haditha - a story 
people are already calling the My 
Lai of Iraq (see your Vietnam his-
tory text). 

of the "major" 
issues of au r 
time, from the 
nearly pointless 
(postmodern -
ism, anyone?) to 
the crucially real 
(immigration). 
My rants and 

iport@ucsd.edu 

Yet as these 
numbers grow 
to more depress-
ing heights, it 
seems our ability 
- and will - to 
face them only 

The details aren't yet perfectly 
clear, but it appears as though a 
group of U.S. Marines massacred 
24 Iraqi civilians in retaliation for 
the death of a fellow Marine by 
roadside bomb. It's too early yet to 
pass judgment on those involved: 

digressions weren't always good, 
but ... (well , that kind of sums it 
up). 

Yet faced with the last chance to 
blather my views on these esteemed 
pa~es, I can't help feeling like I've 
skipped over the most complaint-
worthy story of our time. If the 
function of a newspaper columnist 
is to play the pUblic conscience, 
I've long faiJed to ruminate upon 
ou r most egregious transgression, 
the field trip that will long define 
us in the future eyes of the world as 
the insulated, idealistic idiots we so 
clearly are: 

Th'e war in Iraq. 
It began during my second-ever 

finals week at UCSD, as glorious 
green rockets played on CNN in 
between dryly confident testi-
monials by u .S. military leaders. 
There was the quick invasion; the 
propped-up victory (remember 
"Mission Accomplished"?); the 
instant, knee-jerk patriotism; and 
those cheerful, Wide-eyed embed-
ded reporters . 

Three years later, it is getting 
really hard to keep in mind the 
total cost of this spectacular fuck-
up, even as the necessity of doing 
so grows. 

In an effort to keep track, here's 
a quick, quantitative round-up of 

shrinks. Frankly, it seems fucking 
hopeless: Even President George 
W. Bush and Tony Blair wring their Residents say the massacre was 

unprovoked 
violence by 

hands grimly 
when they get 
together to talk 
strategy these 
days. 

And the news 
keeps getting 
worse: the Los 
Angeles Times 
reported earlier 
this week that 
the Pentagon's 
long - brewing 
hopes for a troop 
pullback will 
likely not occur, 
as a result of ris-
ing tensions in 
the fiery western 
part of the coun-

oeverauthorized 
e killing that day, 

the incident will only 
further damage u.s. 

Marines; those 
in the Corps 
say that troops 
these days 
never do any-
thing without 
at least the 
tacit support 
of their supe-
riors. 

credibility in Iraq, 
making it hard to 

achieve the nebulous 
goals our leaders still 
stubbornly pursue." 

Whoever 
authorized the 
killing that 
day, the inci-
dent will only 
further dam-
age U.S. cred-

try. 
The New York Times described 

the horrifying Iraqi security sit-
uation in an editorial last week: 
"Right now armed gangs of thugs, 
many of them wearing govern-
ment uniforms, are spreading ter-
ror throughout the country. Some 
were trained by American forces to 
work for the Interior Ministry, but 
actually do the bidding of Shiite 
political and religious leaders. 

ibility in Iraq, 
making it harder to achieve the 
nebulous goals our leaders still 
stubbornly pursue. 

And as for those goals? Every 
single justification for the war -
save for the one that Hussein was 
a bastard - turned out to be false. 
We're not fighting for something 
- we're fighting until a moment 
arrives at which w~ can duck our 
heads and run without seeming 
cowardly (which means until Bush 

leaves office). 
That our leaders will never be 

held accountable for their misjudg-
ments is the greatest tragedy of the 
war, one that we further every day 
by brushing off the bad news as it 
piles up. 

After he retires, George W. will 
live out his days on his Crawford 
ranch, mountain biking and aw-
shucking as the world slowly reach-
es the inevitable conclusion that he 
was the worst leader this country 
has ever had. 

We cannot let him - or any 
of the other proponents of this 
titanic disaster - off the hook for 
the horrible state of affairs they've 
produced. 

Our image in the world is hope-
lessly tarnished. 

Our military is in ruins. The 
Iraqis - the ones that have sur-
vived - have inherited a country of 
thugs, snipers, bombers, murderers 
and liars. Most who can afford to 
leave have done so. 

As the madness goes on, it's too 
easy for us to tune out and for-
get - to point our minds toward 
more easily solvable, entertaining 
or pleasant dilemmas. 

I've been doing that in my 
GlUlrtiian columns for years, encour-
aged by the lack of a simple answer: 
Should we leave the country imme-
diately and let it crumble, or con-
struct some sort of half-standard 
for resolution and call it a day in a 
year or so, after however many more 
hundreds of soldiers and civilians 
are dead? 

Perhaps it's a letdown of my 
duties as a columnist to admit that I 
don't know what to do. 

But unless we all keep looking 
for a solution - and remember who 
presented us with this problem in 
the first place - the years, bodies, 
dollars and tragedies will continue to 
add up, and with them the incentive 
for us all to look the other way. 

VISA- gift card expires three months after the Issue date on which the card Is Issued. Spy HIner. NcMhIre to MI, au1ay rI MIt.vay Home ElIIar1aII iIYIII1t, Inc. NO PURCHASE NE.CESSARV. WID WHERE 
PROHIBITED. Open In legal U.s. residents 18 or older 01 the states 01 AR. CA, CT,ILIN. KS. ~ MO, NY, OH, OK. TX and WI IS rl1/1I06. ~,BapsfIIIes peI10d begins It 12:01 am. COT on!Vl106 and WII end It 11:59 pm. 
COT on 6130106. EligIble entrants may enter orii:Ie at att.aJm/U or by II1IIIIng a 3" x 5" card IlarIcI1JIInIed with enIrInt's name._ CXII1'1IIeIe adchss, teIepIlOIlI I1IITIber and the words "ATIT CoIIIIge!ll e ....... fnIry." 
3" x 5" card must bemalledlnanl!llllelope.wlthftrst-ciasspostageaflbed.to"ATITCoIIegeS\l.eepstNsI:r*y:P.o.lklc206.HIIn.Il6~ WImers wi! be seIectId In. rntom dnIwIng tID be conduc18d on 
or around 7/14/06. One grand prtze and 500 ftrst prIzIIs wi be IIW8Ided. Grand prize Is a home electrallcs package wtItIa total n!taII VlIkJI rI $10,000. first prill Is • $100 VISA fjIt card. Sponsor. atlhllr .. cIIIcr.-on. 
I'I!5eM!S the rI!ttt In substitute 1II'ft 01 the prIZI!5 wtItIa prtze 01 mmpII'IIbIe or !JI!III!r VIIkIe. Odds at wImng _ besed on the IDbII runber rI entries rac:aMId. Fora CIlft1PII'a set 01 the oIIIdIIl rUes. *lt1llt.CDrl\lU or ...s • 
self-addressed. sfan1led erM!Iopelo "AT&T DIgItal MakeoverSWeepst».es 0fIIcIalRUe5," P.O. BOIl 206,HIIn, IL 61264-0206. Sponsor:ATlT 0pnII0ns, Inc., 175 E. HousIDn 5t, SlnA/1lDr*». TX 78205. ,..,oct.-dwgIs 
and the FederIIlJnM!rsaI SerW:e wst-recxM!rY fee extra. FOR DETAILS Of ADOITIONAl CHARGES, RESlfIICT10NS AN) REQUAfMENTS, CALL HIIJ8..288-V025 lOU...fREE OR YISIT ~ sac. III sac lop 
and other reIaled proclJct and seMce names are the trademarks ..vor IWgIsteIed tradtInwIcs at ATiT KnowIt!dge YenIIns. AI oItwr brand names may be II'IderrIRs or ' .... 1rIdInwtts rllhIIr I'IIpICtM OWIWS. 
0 2006 AT&T KnowIII!dge VI!nIIftS. All rtg1Is reser101!d. 

THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 7 

Pub Manager 
Miffed By 

Building Board 

Committee Banking Oli Housing to Improve On-Campus Life 

• PUB, from page 1 
with student representatives on the 
board for years, and has only com-
municated with Ratcliff. 

~Even as recently as just before 
my current lease option was exer-
cised, he gave me the impression 
that I would be offered a new lease 
after this one under certain circum-
stances: Porter stated in an e-mail. 

The conditions concerned a 
"sizeable investment in equipment 
... to fill in a planned expansion of 
the kitchen area that the university 
was to complete; he stated. 

Porter said the expanSion had been 
discussed "a number of times over the 
past five years:' and reported he was 
finalizing plans in winter and spring 
of this year to bring in more capital 
when he learned that his lease might 
not be renewed. 

• REPORT, from page 1 
enhance a sense of community and 
school spirit," the report stated. 

The committee lauded the 
North Campus Transfer Housing 
project, approved last winter, as a 
step toward its goal of guaranteeing 
two years of on-campus housing 
for transfer students. 

Group members also focused 
on housing for other students, and 
said that an four-year on-campus 
housing guarantee for all under-
graduates is necessary to enhance 
campus life. 

Completion of the goal will 
require more discussion, however, 
as administrators have no concrete 
plan for more extensive undergrad-
uate housing. 

Watson also asked a separate 
group to evaluate the impact of 
an influx of condom inurn conver-
sions, which have recently forced 
many student renters out of their 

apartments. 
Aside from hOUSing, committee 

members said that a centralized 
student "viUage" could significantly 
boost university relations within 
and outside of the campus. 

Currently, the idea is far from 
implementation because of finan -
cial constraints. The University of 
California Office of the President 
cannot provide any funding because 
of "current debt-capacity limita-
tions," and money from external 
sources is unavailable, the report 
stated. 

Current efforts by the Student 
Affairs department to improve 
campus facilities would help the 
committee's mission to develop stu-
dent life, the report stated. 

Combined with the multimil-
lion -dollar expansion of Price 
Center, the department is also 
planning to develop a recreation 
area in east campus and create a 

softball stadium. 
The U.S.E.S. committee also 

concentrated on current on-cam-
pus life, where students in the 
committee described heavy fric-
tion with residential security offi- . 
cers. In response, Revelle College 
Provost Daniel Wulbert began 
an RSO workgroup that explored 
officer relations with students and 
wiIJ present recommendations to 
Watson by next week. 

"Although stories about RSOI 
student interactions appear to be 
pervasive, and although some stu-
dents express strong resentment 
about RSO procedures, most of the 
information is anecdotal," Wulbert 
said. "[T]he proposal being drafted 
may benefit Ifrom] data collection 
on student complaints." 

UCSD's six-college sys tem was 
a major component of the commit-
tee's suggestions to improve stu-
dent spirit. To support the cause, 

Watson restored $237,000 in fund -
ing, cut in 2002, to the college bud -
gets and the university's Residential 
Life department. 

Some of the committee's rec-
ommendations were immediately 
executed after their release. 

Associate Vice Chancellor 
of Academic Affairs Mark 1. 
Appelbaum began several efforts 
to strengthen connections between 
students and professors, including 
regular e-mails of "tips" and "good 
practices" that will be sent to fac-
ulty. 

In addition , Appelbaum 
launched a program last quarter 
that allows students to personally 
dine with professors. Student and 
faculty response to _the program, 
committee members said, was 
"enthusiastic." 

Readers call contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

"I feel that Porter's is a great part 
of UCSD," Porter said. "It's really a 
shame.» 

Student Group Grumbles Over Changes to Finandal Aid Bill 
In March, Porter said, Ratcliff 

informed pub officials that there would 
be no lease offered to Porter's Pub, and 
rather a "request for proposal" process 
would begin. 

'T told him then that after being a 
part of the community for 13 years, 
this didn't seem like an appropriate 
outcome, nor an appropriate way to 
tell me," said Porter, who also accused 
Ratcliff and his department of hamper-
ing the pub's activities. 

"Over recent years, the University 
Centers has discouraged me from pro-
moting shows at all; he said. "I cannot 
even officially reserve the stage room 
in the pub.» 

Both Mills and Porter said that the 
uniqueness of the pub brings a differ-
ent feel to campus. 

• AID, from page 1 
of students eligible for aid, providing 
more competitive grants and raising 
the age at which transfer students can 
receive aid. The age increase from 
24 to 27 was the only provision not 
struck down by the fiscal committee. 

-This was probably the biggest 
financial aid bill this year .. . it's unfor-
tunate [that it was amended] because 
that is the version we wanted to pass," 
said Ambar Carlisle Salgueiro, a 
spokesperson for De La Torre. 

Under the original version of 
Assembly Bill 2813, the number of 
competitive Cal Grants would have 
increased from 22,500 to 45,000, an 
improvement that still would not 
have covered the 117,000 students 
who applied and were eligible for 

the grants last year. Currently, Cal 
Grant B awards do not cover first-
year expenses for students, though 
the award is based on financial need. 

"I had a feeling [it wasn't going 
to pass] ," UCSD Financial Director 
Vincent De Anda said. "There are 
a lot of bills out there that are just 
not getting through because they are 
costing too much money.» 

The increase in freshmen receiv-
ing Cal Grant B awards would have 
cost the state $77 million annually, 
and the doubling of competitive 
grants would have cost $49 million 
each year. The age increase is esti-
mated to cost 51.6 million per year. 

"We tried to amend it so that 
the cal Grant B would be done over 
a four-year incremental period, to 

bring down the cost per year, but 
even that was too high, so it was 
reduced," Salgueiro said. 

The UC Students Association 
threw its support behind the bill, 
but was "upset" that the legislation 
was ultimately amended, according 
to UCSA President Anu Joshi. 

"The scope of the bill has been 
limited:' Joshi said. "Less students 
are going to be able to afford higher 
education now because of the lack of 
Cal Grants." 

Despite the changes to the bill, 
the age eligibility increased for trans-
fer students to receive aid is still a 
step in the right direction, De Anda 
said. 

" ( am for [the age increase], 
that almost follows the guidelines 

"Porter's has a different spirit, and 
it brings in a different clientele," Mills 
said. 

Readers can contact Woodrow C. 
COVington lit wcovingt@ucsd.edu. 

A-E~GUARDIAN ~~ THURSDAY p~ Lfd6tte JUNE 8th 
5x5 
5x6 
5x7 
5x8 

$22 per month 
$25 per month 
$29 per month 
$32 per month 

With student ill. Daily pro-rate available to Sept. 
VEHICLE PARKING AVAILABLE 

scri ppsmesastorage. 
Call for reservation 858-566-3881 

for independent students," he said. 
"Transfers are older than most of the 
students here, so I think this will give 
a little more flexibility to the transfer 
students here." 

There is still a possibility that 
assemblymembers could reject the 
committee's recommendations, and 
the bill could pass with at least the 
Cal Grant B provision before it heads 
to the state Senate, Salgueiro said. 

"We are hoping that we have time 
to convince people that it is worth 
doing even though it does have a ... 
pricetag," Salgueiro said. "We haven't 
given up hope on the Cal Grant B 
piece yet." 

Readers can contllct jadyn Snow at 
jrsnow@ucsd.edu. 

Call 858-534-3467 
to reserve your spot in this 
special Graduation issue! 



. " "" 

8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Cody B. Nabours 
Iliatus@ucsdguardian.org 

• 

00 18 

AND INTO e 

'There's no 'tijuana art school, but 
41 prolific artists reflect the changing 
border culture in an exhibit too big for just 
one museum. 

BY GAELLE FAURE 
ASSOCIATE HIATUS EDITOR 

JIlpeculiar blown-up map of the world covers an entire wall of what serves as both the lobby and first display room of the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego in La Jolla. The United States literally stands out from the map, built of galva-nized steel, plastered with pink glitter and covered in a huge blown-
glass web of pinto beans and snakes filled with gold coins. In the center, 

what looks like a cross between a vulva and a holy altar gives birth to a flying 
brigade of plastic butterflies, which closer inspection reveals to be carrying 
miniature Christs on crosses. As they float over the room, through a hallway, 

hiatus fb 
THE BEST SONGS 

• Aftft IN HIATUS U~d. . THIS WEEK 
"""A~ IlUl;~ 

BIll Sky IIIICII TIle Stnets 
liliiii 

WDlfllatller Gnarts larkIIy 
• "Woman' 

a rts/e nterta i n m e nt • "White 
Unicorn' 

• "Street legends' 
• "can' Con an 

Honest John" 
• "Smiley 

Faces" 
· ·Oar/ • 'FIoor Chalk" 

THURSDAY,JUNE 1,2006 

All PHOTOS COURTESY OF MCASO 
Father figure: Alvaro Blancarte, one of Tijuana's first important artists, whose 
studio served as a classroom Jar younger generations, painted himself as part pig 
(above). Much of the exhibit is devoted to architectural and design pUtts, such as 
Hugo Crosthwaite's work (below). 

and nearly out the window to the ocean, the butterflies morph into fighter 
planes - according to artists Einar and Jamex de la Torre, this symbolizes a 
dangerous export. The piece, richly layering sharp critique and outrageous 
humor, is a proper introduction to "Strange New World: Art and Design 
from Tijuana" 

With ISO pieces from 41 artists, it's the largest show the museum has ever 
hosted - and the first to spread from La JoUa to the museum's downtown 

[ TIJUANA, page 11] 

• "PrarWng Out" 

Saved Bytbe 
Underground, and 
You Can Be, Too! 
I truly believe that I can save the world by making everyone listen to the Velvet Underground. Well, 
if not the world, then our {American} 
culture - at least the part of it that 
involves too many people listening 
to terrible music. Haven't heard of 
the Velvet Underground? (Slash does 
not play guitar in the band; you're 
probably thinking of Velvet Revolver, 
a bad but Similarly named band). If 
the name is well-known to you, good 
- you have already taken the first step 
toward a more enlightened apprecia-
tion of music. If you found the Slash 
comment informative as well as (mild-
ly) humorous, then it's about time you 
were saved. To explain, I shall begin 
with an anecdote. 

Once, not too long ago, , listened 
almost exclusively to ;rap music. I'm 
talking Three Doors Down crap music. 
The most impressive CDs in my col-
lection included the entire Queen 
discography, Tool's Lateralus, Blink 
182's Dude Ranch and yes, even the 
first Nickelback album. (Note: At this 
point I am exempting from the discus-
sion any empirically amazing albums 
passed down by my parents, i.e. Bob 
Dylan and the BeatJes.) One day, on 
a whim, I purchased the Strokes' Is 
This It?, based entirely on the "Last 
Night" music video, which included 
rarely seen {for me, at least} moments 

Don't Forget 
the Joker 

CODY B. NABOURS 
t:naIxJufs@Ltsd.edu 

ofbadassery including. but not limited 
to: drinking beer during a guitar solo. 
running into fellow band members 
mid-song aud ~ying "shit" when it 
wasn't even included in the original 
song. Yes. I was once this innocent. 

Flashy Charm Almost Cuts It for Song 'N' Dance 'Zhivago' 

Though it sounded completely dif-
ferent than anything in my collection,l 
dug it just fine. Reading over reviews of 
the album, I noticed many critics com-
pared it to a band as yet unknown to 
me, the Velvet Underground. This was 
my gateway moment into the world of 
what is known as "good music:' Soon. 
I picked up their first album, the one 
with Andy Warhol's banana on the 
cover and a small message: "Peel slowly 
and see." I did, and was welcomed 
to New York City in the final days of 
hippiedom, where heroin was the new 
marijuana and the odor of stale ciga-
rettes outstank the smell of patchouli. 

By Quynh Nhu Nguyrn 
STAFF WRITER 

Z hivago" is an ambitious play: Not only does it attempt to adapt Boris Pasternak's classic novel 
"Doctor Zhivago" to the stage, but it 
also tries to reinvent the story with 
strategic ballads and choreographed 
dallce numbers - all in a neat two 
hours and 4S minutes. 

In the midst of the Russian 
Revolution, doctor and poet Yurii 
Zhivago {Ivan Hernandez} becomes 
attracted to Lara Antipova (Jessica 
Burrows), the wife of a student revo-
lutionary leader. The musical tries 
to bottle the enchantment of their 
forbidden love affair, and at least 
succeeds visually. 

The set design is tru Iy arresting, 
from a resplendent chandelier and 
candlelit ballroom to the literal fiery 
pits of the Bolshevik front. The mov-
able sceneries, with shifting steel col-
umns and trap doors, maximize the 
stage's limited space. The costumes 
are authentic, ranging from the deca-
dent gowns of the bourgeois to the 
utilitarian outfits of the poor. 

The musical also benefits from 
its unflinchingly realistic portrayals 
of the brutality of warfare, as well as 

a vocally talented ensemble, whose 
impassioned voices sell every note 
without making things cheesy. 

Apart from the singing, the per-
formance hits a couple of sour notes. 

Hernandez's good looks and 
strong vocals make him the dreami-
est Zhivago yet. But when he's not 
singing, Hernandez tends to string 
his sentences together, as if he has 
forgotten he's supposed to be speak-
ing (occupational hazard of perform-
ing in a musical, I guess). 

Burrows - all willowy figure and 
wavy blond hair - appears as if she 
had just stepped out of a romance 
novel. Unfortunately, her character 
Lara is demoted to a mere symbol 
of Russia's lost innocence, a passive 
beauty who captures the hearts of 
three different men. 

Although the musical's leads 
make the most attractive couple since 
Brangelina, they don't generate strong 
enough romantic chemistry for the 
audience to root for them, despite 
ardent effort. 

The true passion in the play is 
transferred to the antagonist, Lara's 
husband Pasha (Matt Bogart). 
Tormented by Lara's confession of 

[ ZHIVAGO, page II J 
COURTESY OF THE LA JOLLA PLAYHOUSE 

Dr. Strm.,-,.,.: Lara (JessiaJ Bumows) enters a BCtJ1ICIoIous alJair wi'" married 
doctor funi (loon Hernanda) in "ZIIioogo.· The productian ruI\I through June :15-

The first few listens were a bit more 
difficult than I was used to, but soon 
I finally understood what music was 
capable of, and began to drift away 
from myoid collection, picking up 
albums by the Clash, Elvis Costello 
and the Smiths. I still remember when 
I told a longtime punker acquaintance 
of mine, "Hey, this Costello guy is 
pretty darned good; and he threw me 
a look that said he had understood 
this since eighth grade. The Velvet 
Underground saved me from the dark 
side, and it can do the same for you. 

The Velvet Undergound's first 
album, The Velvet Underground and 
Nico, was released in January 1967, 
nearly six months before the much 
more popular Beatles masterpiece 
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hums Club Band. 
Unlike the impeccable orchestration of 
Sgt. Pepper's, the Velvet Underground's 
first album is undeniably real - no 
matter how well I've memorized it, 
it still surprises me. There's a rock 
critic cliche that explains that only 
a few people listened to the Velvet 
Underground's four albums, but every 

- [NAIOURS, pase 9 J 

THURSD.o\Y, JUNE 1, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 9 

Bawdy, Brawny Vaughn Works His 
Usual Game In Played-Out Rom-Com 

COURTESY OF UNIVERSAL 
BreaJd'ut and Bed: Vince Vaughn plays a city tour guide who quarrels with his girlfriend (Jennifer Aniston) in 
the romantic comedy "The BreaIc-Up.· The film wall shot on location in Vaughn 's hometown oj Chicago. 

By Christine Clark 
ASSOCIATE HIATUS EDITOR 

Everyone knows the story behind "The Break-Up· - the film began generating buzz last summer when the two leads, 
Jennifer Aniston and Vince Vaughn, started 
a highly publicized affair. The hyped-up !lick 
looked promising. sporting A-list stars, hilari-
ous previews and a delectable supporting cast. 
But the final product is a run-of-the-mill rom-
com that offers few laughs and even fewer 
surprises. 

In "The Break-Up," Aniston plays Brooke, an 
art dealer who is romanced by Gary (Vaughn), 
a Chicago tour guide. The two buy a condo 
together and live a glamorous life in their pol-
ished abode until their relationship fizzles. Both 
refuse to give up their precious piece of real 
estate and as a result, the estranged couple con-
tinues to live under one roof. Comedy ensues 
when .she starts going out with other guys and 
he throws all-night poker parties. 

It's a sitcom-worthy premise that is a little 
fun in the beginning. but the film loses steam 
toward the end when it focuses on Brooke and 
Gary's romantic woes. The conflict between the 
feuding lovers is as unrealistic as it is childish: 
The couple essentially breaks up because one 
night, Gary didn't pick up enough lemons at 
the store and he doesn't like to help out with 
dishes. Even though Vaughn and Aniston are 
two charismatic actors, their characters are too 
immature to elicit any real sympathy. 

The film does manage a few scenes of pure 
comic gold and. not surprisingly, Vaughn is 
responSible for every one. Fresh from the suc-
cess of "Wedding Crashers," Vaughn once 

. 

again flexes his comedic prowess with plenty of 
quick-witted banter. Aniston and Vaughn bicker 
throughout and no one spews insults better 
than Vaughn - like in the scene when Brooke 
exclaims that her sister has been through a lot, 
Gary quips, " ... of dick." 

Although Vaughn steals about every scene 
he's in (even from Aniston), the film also fea-
tures a fme assortment of comedic actors in sup-
porting roles: The cast includes John Favreau, 
Jason Bateman, Judy Davis, Vincent D'Nofrio 
and Joey Lauren Adams. Not all the perfor-
mances are gems (D'Nofrio, who plays Gary's 
brother, has his usual awkward on-screen pres-
ence), but Favreau, who plays Gary's best friend, 
is hilarious. Favreau and Vaughn first appeared 
together in the cult classic "Swingers,· and their 
witty repartee in this movie makes for some of 
the most entertaining dialogue. 

"The Break-Up' was helmed by a master of 
the breezy romp, Peyton Reed ("Bring it On," 
"Down With Love"), but Vaughn (who served as 
co-writer and producer) spearheaded the proj-
ect. The film is a disappointment in comparison 
to ·Wedding Crashers" - a sex comedy that 
relished in its own irreverant, bawdy humor. 
However, "The Break-Up· poses to be a mature 
comedy about the travails of an unraveling rela-
tionship. Where's the fun in that? 

The Break-Up 
**~ 1Iaiiti Vince Vaughn and Jemilet' Alliston 

Directed by Peyton Reed 
Rated PG·13 

Last Lecture Series: Your Friendly, Neighborhood Critic 
• NABOURS, from page 6 
one of them went on to form a band of their own. 
At the least, the band sparks a passion for new 
and interesting music. The Beatles may leave me 
contented, but the Velvet Undergound make me 
want more and more music. and to find and lis-
ten to any and every excellent album ever creat-
ed. They, not the Seatles (because let's be serious, 
everybody likes the Beatles), are the first step into 
the magical world of musical enlightenment. 

We are all members of an institution of learn-
ing' but there is more to learn in coUege than 
formulas, histories and literature. lust as one 
should leave college knowing more about their 
own academic slice of the world than when they 
came in, one should leave UCSD as a cu1tura1Iy 
enlightened aduh, not an average small-minded 
teenager that picks up their tastes from MTV and 
Blazin' 98.9. If I can accomplish one thing in at 
UCSD, it is to get people hooked on good music 
instead of the record companies' flavor of the 
month. Just as eating at tasty restaurants makes 
a McDonald's quarter-pounder seem less entic-
ing, or drinking Arrogant Bastard makes a case 
of Natty Ice seem pedestrian, a little bit of good 
music makes the terrible kind almost unbearable. 
And unlike the two previous examples. a good 
album costs just as much as a terrible one. So 
why the fuck should anyone waste their time and 
money on something infaior~ 

Throughoufmy yar as Hiatus editor, I ~ 
on occasion. insu1ted Yellowcud. My Chemk:al 
Romance, SO Cent (implldtly) and the cancer-
surviving singer o(,ack's Mannequin. Meanwh1le, 
I have endlessly paraded the musical prowess of 
groups IIJtt Belle and Sebutian. the Unicorns, the 

Fiery Furnaces and Broken Social Scene. Why~ 
Is it because I'm a pretentious, hipster-idolizing 
indie twat~ Perhaps - but I'd prefer to think that 
it's because I care about anyone who has ever hit 
the play button on their CD player. There's noth-
ing worse to me than wasting your time listening 
to music that I'IIDISS from passable to absolutely 
boring shit, but sadie people do this all the time, 
and don't even realize that they have a problem. 

In the spirit of this, I propose the foUowing: I 
will make it easy for you. Give me your terrible 
music, and I will give you the best that I can mus-
ter. Like Coldplay's X60Y? Rob Thomas~ O.A.R.? 
Black Eyed Peas? Jack Johnson? John Mayer? My 
Chemical Romance? Matisyahu? Bubba Sparxxx? 
The Killers ~ Don't waste your time with this 
trash. Come to the GII4rdi4n office {second floor, 
Student Center, above the General Store}, throw 
out your trash {or don't}, and pick up something 
better. On my dollar. Seriously. 

Soon, you can be listening to some undeni-
ably amazing albums: the Stooges' Raw Power, 
A Tribe Called Quest's Low End Theory, Elvis 
Costello's This Year's Model, the Clash's London 
Calling, Nick Drake's Pink Moon, the Pixies' 
Doolittle, the Smiths' Hatful of Hollow, Lee 
Perry and the Upsetters' Super Ape, Wu-Tang 
Clan's Enter the 36 Chambers, Funkadelic's 
Maggot Brain, Max Romeo's War Ina Babylon, 
Neil Young's Tonight's the Night, Black Star, 
Portishead's Dummy, Eric B. and Rakim's 
Follow the LeaJUr, Pulp's Dlffnmt Class, the 
IOUDdtradt to -The Harder They Come,~ Van 
Morrison's Astral Wetks and, of course, Tlte 
Velvet Untkrrround and Nico. I've done the 
work for you. All you need to do now Is listen. 

--------------------------~ 
COSTA I 
VERDE : 

CENTER I 
I 

SUMMER IS NEARIIl ARE YOU SWIMSUIT READY7 I 
I 

I THE IOIiNfi a.u. Is I FUU SERVIa HULTH nUl 
I • (Mr SIlO dasses a month • Pilates, Strength Training, Abs Classes 
I and More! CAll TODAY FOR A FREE OM 011 one 1n1"1", session 
I IIIdFIEEgnMlpdlss I www.rhtboxlngclub.ntt "9P, =~ 

~ 861~~~e~ S,!n Ei~c:. C~ ~172 !o.!-!.0XI!G S~!. i __ 'l:""'_ "''i,-~~-- . 
r-------------------------------------------I BEAUX GENS BY ANTONELLA 

Now MOVED INSIDE Beauty Kliniek 

, 
, 
, 
I 
I 

STUDENT SPECIALS U'tC' 
COL 0 R TO U C H U P ........ _._ .......... freIII $45 Nobel Dr. 
FOIL PARTIAL .............................. freIII $IS 
HAIRCUT+ BLOW DRY (wOMEN) ... $5 off Reg. $35 
HAIRCUT(MEN) ... ............................. $5 off Reg.$25 

Not valid with any other offer. 
* Governor Dr. 

www.salonbeauxgens.com 
3268 GOVERNOR DR. (UNIVERSITY CITY) 8118-4113-45212 

Susan's Clip on Extensions! 
• Add Length! • Add Volume! • Real Human Hair! 
• Easy to Wear! • You can alp them In & Out Yourself! 
• Cost Is Much Less than Regular Extensions! 
• Complete set of dip-on Extensions! 
·Indudes Custom Fit & Styling! ~ 
,12'-14" S8'" 'Ha!J 'Unlimited 
• 1'" - 18" $99'5 Mission Volley 
.22" $109'5 1400 (amino de Ia Reina, Sle. 110 San Diego, CA 92108 

Moo-Sat 1oam-6pm 619.299.6060 

., 
> 
< 

., 

., 
IJ) 
., 
c: 
., 
<!l 

3151 HoIIdIy CL ft04 
151-455-0909 

Above Cal COPY. across Irom EI Torito and Rock Bottom 
.:-.. ~ -::i;'-.;jS-TAis-
lor ..... II GET 5 FREE 

NLESS I BUY 5 .,'5 II Including Mystic 
I for only .. II and Ultra 
I F'teo .. pmenI ucso 10 II s.e wIon for d$ils. TAN I E>cp.7nl06 • . 11 E>cp. 711 106 

ora) :~:$18U-::="'h~ 
1= II 1uy1Gct1 

E, I ~ II FREE 
I~II 

s.e salon for details II Am time custamm only. 
ElcI> 711106 II E>cp.711106 



10 HIATUS 

1 ASHB()AIlIJ 
CONffSSIIJNAL 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 
THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Musical a Nearly Worthy Homage to Russian Classic 

COURTESY OF LA JOllA PLAYHOU SE 
Rebel Yell: Matt Bogart (center) plays Pasha, a Bolshevik who disrupts a bourgeouis engagmrenJ party in LI1 Jolla Playhouse's "Zhivago: 
• ZHIVAGO, from page 8 
her dark past on their wedding 
night, Pasha leaves his new bride 
in a naive attempt to rid himself of 
the bourgeois corruption that has 
tainted her. 

Bogart infuses his character 
with remarkable energy in "It's a 
Godsend" (no easy task when you're 
pe.rforming a Russian dance with 
vodka in hand), and bleak bitterness 
in "No Mercy at All." Pasha's plunge 
from idealistic rebel to the ruthless 
Bolshevik leader Strelnikov in the 
name of love provides a moment of 
rare emotional depth. 

Though most of the ballads are 
formulaic and the orchestration is 
startlingly loud, Michael Korle and 

.-.;" -..... 

Amy Powers have composed some 
memorable pieces, such as "Watch 
the Moon" and "It's a Godsend," 

mandez's good 
I ks and strong 

vocals make him the 
dreamiest Zhivago yet." 

the only songs with an authen-
tic taste of Russia. "in the Perfect 
World" is a cleverly ironic satire of 
the Bolshevik vision, while "Now," 
a dead soldier's confessional letter 

to his secret love, is truly touching. 
The song soon becomes a symbol of 
Lara and Zhivago's hidden feelings 
for one another. 

"Zhivago· may need a few minor 
adjustments before it becomes a 
worthy complement to Pasternak's 
timeless novel, but with strong sup-
porting characters, a vocally impres-
sive cast and dazzling set, this musi-
cal adaptation definitely deserves 
a look. 

"Zhivago" is cu"ently playing at 
the La Jolla Playhouse through June 
25. Tickets range from $48 to $85 
and can be purchased by calling (858) 
550-1010, online at www.lajolJaplay-
house.com, or in person at the box 
office. 

HIATUS 11 

Contemporary Tijuana Artists Bring 
Museum Its Largest Show Ever 

COURTESY Ot MCASD 
Face Off: Alida Ceroalltes painted a portrait series o/her /amily's housekeepers ouer the years. 
• TIJUANA, from page 6 
branch. For this relatively new scene, 
which sprouted in the 1970s and 
flourished in the '90s in a city with no 
art school , far from the artistic magnet 
of Mexico City, such recognition this 
side of the border is also a first. Not 
surprisingly, the border is a recurring 
demon in Tijuana artists' work - in 
one piece, it's mixed-media collages 
of pulp-comic frontier cowboys; in 
a series of 3-D photo collages, walls, 
fences, various barriers and police are 
enclosed in broken picture frames. 

Yet a sign warns guests that not all 
Tijuana art is about the border. This 
is a valid disclaimer; the border is far 
from fencing these artists in. The rap-
idly changing city itself claims much 
of the artists' interest, with a marked 
emphasis on architecture, design and 
urban planning (or lack thereof). But 
there's innovation aplenty: Oficinia 
3, a pair of architects, display pho-
tos of a house l'ley designed with 
40 percent recycled materials, using 
the backbone of a conveyor belt as 
a staircase, while Teddy Cruz, who 
also teaches in the UCSD visual arts 
department, offers model low-cost 
homes. One photographer shows 
grim Tijuana maquiladoras, while 
others capture Tijuana residents 

in their time, among them proud 
shopkeepers and nightclub patrons. 
Changing culture is likewise on dis-
play in "The Altar of Live News" by 
Felipe Almada, with Bart Si mpson a 
the centerpiece surround ed by tradi-
tional cheap trinkets, new clipping 
and a super-sized hamburger. 

And nowhere is this strange new 
world more vividly personified than in 
painter Benjamin Serrano, who raises 
the nation's past in his giant, two-panel 
work "La Malinche; where he portrays 
himself as a transgender version of 
the translator who helped Cortes con-
quer Mexico. Historically, the actual 
La Malinche has been interpreted in 
turn as martyr and traitor, and this 
ambivalence is exacerbated by a char-
acter painted naked on a toilet throne, 
facing a skeleton in a handheld mirror 
while Pepsi logo-sporting Aztec war-
riors and Western knights ride into 
battle on either side, mounted on toy 
horses and wielding brooms. Today, 
brutality lives on in border life, but the 
multiplicity of Tijuana's brave new art 
suggests a frontier city just waking up 
to the innovative potential of sitting at 
a crossroads world. 

"Strallge New World" will be 011 dis-
play through Sept. 3 at MCASD La Jolla 
and Sept. 17 at MCASD downtowlI. 

Headl ine New s 

THURSDAY 
JUNE 8th 

TODA\', 
4PM 

is the deadline for advertising in the 
final Guardian of the year! 

C.11858-534-3467 to reserve your spot 
in this special Graduation issue! 

Watch ucsdguardian.org in the next month 
for rates and info about the Fall'06 

Guardian Student Survival Guide 

Congress moves to cut 
Student Loan Funding. 
As of July 1,2006, interest rates on 
Staftttd and PLUS loans will 
increase to a fixed rare, 

The SIIIbd lAlIII is CImaly • a I'M'iatlIe • 
"'" fnJn 4,7S~ - S,Jn. The pnlfX)!a! r~ 
• .. ilI boc:ont 6.~ 
The I'IIeIl PLUS 1.tlIIn is cumtIIly •• YIriIbIe. 

ol6.l~ The ~ fIXed tile wiJ ~8.s'l. 
As IlIu.t _ , .,., is die IiIne to kxIi iJldIe 
Iowesc ~ I1It fIT fie,.. $a\inp. We!GOllJly cnooon&e 
you toQ)lllOlidMt)'OW FcderII SIudcnI LoIIIIS ~ you gelsWt 
widl1heJuly lSI bi&Jlerr.1le$! . 

Consolidation Features 
• t.oQ in a Low FIXed interest rate 
• No processing fee to IpfIlicInt$ 
• One convenient lowe! monthly payment 
• Ext",Oed "I")'IMIlt terms up to 30 years 

LwnAmount $30,000.00 $50,000.00 $100,000.00 
Est. Curr.nt $325.26 ~.10 5),084.19 Monthly Payment 

Est New S206.01 ~40 ~ •• 3 Monthly Payment 
c.hSlMngs ~'l! 5119.26 ~~35.7J:> ~~ 

·....,_ ... ~1ao ...... 1he~WM ..... 
.... , ....... -~ .... ... 
• "' ........ » .... ,.."..... 

Speak to a Specialist ----_ 

1-800-482-4262 
.....,.,.w.,-~-llooI 

Kathleen L. Koomick x:243 
,.,.,. ........ "",..ICi& ...... 
Alfredo Park K285 
• t, ....... 'elcom 

'----- www.hanl$tudentlotn.com 

Halla Financial, Inc. 
'-- ---............... _ '.10......, ... ' .. 
.. ~CIo_1 __ "'_ 



12 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 

'Peaceful Warrior' Stretches Limbs and Mind 

21" Wheeled Batk Patk 
by Hlp Siena 

1 Ba8J In OM - Carry-OIl Size 
Hidden back pack straps are stored 

behind a padded back pane. 
Removable front day pack. 

_,,,,,,, $ 8 9 99 
26"Wheeled Back Pack 

comp.S17S.00 $119.99 

By Jessie Godfrey 
CO NTRIBUTING WRITER 

Hear a title like "Peaceful Warrior" and, usually, a whiff of new-agey bullshit isn't far behind. 
Sit through an hour and a half of 
Ihis recently released film and you'd 
expect the bromidic perfumes to 
overwhelm. Strangely, they don'l, 

Yes, there was a wise old sage 
named Socrates with supernatural 
powers who spoke in proverbs. And 
yes, the story is about a miraculous 
physical recovery through a triumph 
of mental and spiritual st rength - a 
college gymnast's shattered ankle 
rebuilds and is ready again for com -
petition in just a few months' time. 
And yes, the author of the book on 
which the film is based does have a 
sort of informal cult following. 

But the sage, played by Nick 
Nolte ("Hotel Rwanda," "Affliction"), 
isn't too outrageously . Zen - he 
pumps gas for a living, for example, 
and his proverbial syntax is stan-
dard enough; he's more of a Mr. 
Miyagi than a Yoda or a Splinter. 
He also enjoys a shot of whiskey 
once in a while - a petsonal touch 
from Nolte? And the plot, however 
fantastical it may seem , is based on 
true events. 

Though the novelist who inspired 
the film, Dan Millman, is not com-
pletely there in my book, he does have 
a message that moves people. The 
original title of the book, "Way of the 
Peaceful Warrior," has even acquired 
the tag-on, "A Book That Changes 
Lives" in response to the thousands 
of letters Millman has received since 
its first publication in 1980. 

"You have to handle it carefully 
because it's such a precious story 
to so many people," said actor 

Storage ... Serving All of Sin Diego County 

deliver 
If GPA is less than woe //Iso offer tutoring 

*Call For O6ails 

(!) • Have 8 "Big BoX-deIiver9d to )UU 
• Load it at your Iesure 
• It1 be ~ in (XI'seaH9, indoor faciMies 
• Access your belongings 2411 

WWW.BIGBOX.COM • Forget having to rerIAoacVunIoad a truck 

858-454-5531 

COURTESY OF LlONSCATE 
Waz On, Wax Off: Scott MechJowicz plays an i,yured gymnast who is nunied back to spiritual 
and physical health by a sage (Nick Nolte), who shows him the ways of the "Pooreful Warrior.' 
Scott Mechlowicz ("Mean Street," 
"Eurotrip") who plays Socrates' stu-
dent in the film . "A woman last night 
[at the screening] was saying how she 
hurt her leg as a dancer, and went to a 
really dark place. Then, as she was at 
her darkest, someone gave her Dan's 
book and it completely changed her 
life around:' 

What message could have such 
a personal impact? It's "about keep-
ing clarity of the mind - like they 
say in the film , just ' taking out the 
trash: you know, everything you're 
constantly thinking about during 
the day that's keeping you from 
thinking about the moment that 
you're in: said Mechlowicz, echo-
ing the film's catch phrase, "There 
are no ordinary moments. You're 
constantly thinking about what you 
have to do tomorrow or the day 

after, what just happened in the 
grocery store right before you got 
there, but you're not thinking about 
this moment - all that there is -
the happiness that you should have 
underneath everything because you 
are where you are," he said. 

With a title like "Peaceful 
Warrior," everyone involved in this 
production took a risk in 'making 
it. Now I take a risk in return, and 
say it's not as bad as it sounds - it 
definitely exceeds expectations at 
the least. 

Peaceful Warrior 
*** Starring Scott Mechlowicz and Nick Nolte 

Directed by Victor Salva 
Rated PG·13 

TANYOURBO 

J 

THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

recordingsv--------------------------------
Gnarls Barkley 
• Sl Elsewhere 
J)()IM(TOWII 

**** 
Although Cee-Lo is a rapper and OJ Danger Mouse a hip-hop beatsmith, their St. Elsewhere isn't a rap album. And although "Crazy" is currently in top-20 
rotation on alternative radio, it certainly isn't a rock album 
e.ither. In fact, since the stated purpose of Gnarls Barldey is 
to defy characterization, there isn't much point in trying to 
slap their music with a genre. 

Easier to say is that this is a heU of a weird album, exist-
ing in a world where an overlooked Southern rapper and 
a geeky New York OJ can team up to make a soul record, 
including a Violent Femmes cover and a No. 1 UK single. 
Ten of the record's 14 tracks are less than three minutes 
long, and there's never enough time for them to settle into 
a signature sound, but the album's schizophrenic pace is 
half the fun. 

The album's undeniable catchiness shouldn't be a 
surprise; Cee- Lo is responsible for the Pussycat DoUs' 
"Don't Chao and Danger Mouse produced the new 
Gorillaz album. Still, St. Elsewhere will catch the aver-
age listener off-guard; after all, The Grey Album, Danger 
Mouse's phenomenal Jay-Z/Beatles remix, was quickly 

absorbed in a flood of inferior "mash-ups;' and Cee-Lo 
was dumped from his record label after his two solo 
albums tanked. 

Cee-Lo fmds his niche here; his voice (the type usually 
reserved for rap hooks) fits creepily well with the album's 
skittery hip-hop beats. The result is soul for the A.D.D. 
generation, a fusion of styles that has perhaps been suc-
cessfullyemployed by Out1cast, but few others. 

Yes, ·Crazy" is a good song, but even before its inevi-
table crossover from alternative to mainstream U.S. radio 
success, the song's coolness has already been undermined: 
Paris Hilton delayed her debut album just so she could 
cover it (shudder). 

Luckily, there's even better stuff here; forthcoming 
single "Smiley Faces" one-ups "Crazy" with an even 
more addictive bassline, and album closer "The Last 
Time" settles into a neo-soul groove that will make you 
thankful St. Elsewhere was made, whatever the fuck you 
want to call it. 

- Riley Sa/ani-Pearce 
SENIOR ST .... FF WRITER 

· ......................................................................................................... . 

The Streets 
• The Hardest Way To Make An Easy Living 
VICE 

*** 

Rappers tend to take themse.lves too seriously, but thankfuUy Mike Skinner (better known as the Streets) isn't afraid to represent his lack of street cred by 
spawning self-deprecating lyrics. The Birmingham-based 
MC cheekily rhymes about the monotony of his daily life 
(he has dedicated entire songs to describing text messag-
ing and returning DVDs) and his frivolous lyrical style is 
fully intact on the Streets' latest album, The Hardest Way 
to Make an Easy Living. 

Skinner's debut record, Original Pirate Material, pre-
miered his ultra-literal lyrics and infectious beats, and in 
his sophomore album, A Grand Don't Come for Free, he 
pared down his writing even more to tell a Guy Ritchie 
film-worthy parable about a bloke who loses a thousand 
quid. 

Skinner's latest similarly features metaphor-free rhymes, 

Blue Sky Black Death 
• A Heap of Broken Imaies 
MUSH 

It's a risky prospect for any record company: Two unknown kids from the Bay Area want to release a double album, the first disc purely instrumental 
and the second overlaid with verses from a handful of 
random MCs. Thankfully, Mush records saw past this 
impracticality - A Heap of Broken Images encapsu-
lates in its optimistic vision the opportunity for a fresh 
generation of hip-hoppers, the bright future of a genre 
struggling with age. 

Blue Sky Black Death (producers Kingston and Young 
God), who saw their picture under URB Magazine's 
"Next 100" earlier this year, dive into their dream without 
the formulaic reservation that often impedes newcom-
ers. Disc one's surging piano chords, cello strings and 
atmospheric guitar combine with complex, electronically 
pe.rfected beats. Vocal samples are pure and without the 
popular muddle of manipulation, threaded and repeated 
as flawlessly as the toUing bells and saxophones that dra-

but this time he hilariously takes a jab at his own burgeon-
ing celebrity status. He unselfconsciously raps about tnash-
ing hotel rooms, banging groupies and the woes of doing 
a line in public. 

There are a few snazzy tracks on Hardest Way, such 
as "Can't Con an Honest John ," but it's not as consistently 
catchy as Skinner's previous albums. Plus, corny slow 
songs like "Never Went to Church" sound just like Boyz 
II Men rip-offs. 

Hardcore rap fans might be turned off by Skinner's 
Oliver Twist-y cockney drawl and silly rhymes - his medio-
cre rapping skill doesn't help either (it sounds more like he's 
having a conversation than spittin' prose). But Skinner is a 
comedian, not a poet, and he's the first person to admit it. 

matize their presence. 

- Christint: Clark 
A SSOC I .... TE HIATUS EDITOR 

Having established themselves as masters of ambiance, 
the duo works this magic into disc two's wordplay. They 
manage to recontextualize the styles of their childhood 
underground heroes - including Jus Allah, A-Plus, Pep 
Love, Guru, Chief Kamachi and Awol One - through 
inspired, freshly brewed production. Holocaust, a mem-
ber of the extended Wu-Tang family (his upcoming 
album is produced entirely by BSBD), flows for north of 
six minutes on "I Catch Fire," prodded into extracting 
every last fiery string of lunacy that's buHt up in his time 
of absence. 

That such heights can be reached at the hands of two 
prodigies working from their bedroom predicts an acces-
sible new day for hip-hop, steeped in collaboration and 
e~rimentation. 

- Simone Wilson 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

........................................................................................................... 

Wolfmother 
• Wolfmother 
INTERSCOPE 

*** 

AUStralian trio Wolfmother has succeeded in channel-ing the head-banging. pot-smoking depths of classic rock into the 21st century. Melding together legends 
like Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and Deep Purple, 
Wolfniother's rocking guitar riffs, thundering rhythm, 
wailing organs and raw vocals send the mind on a melodic 
journey back to the '70s. 

Singer Andrew Stockdale's opening howl grabs for 
attention on first track -Dimension," as the band mas-
terfuUyevokes the enel'Jetic feeling of stadium rock for 
the new age. And the Zeppelin-like storm does not stop 
there. 

"Dimension" i. just the beginning of the Sabbath-style 
basslines, fuzzy guitars and crisp melodies that scream 
vintage. Mellow moments are mixed in to provide a 

-' I' .. I I.1t 

break from the noise, but drum avalanches and heavy 
power chords always interrupt to welcome back the 
rock. 

While there are scattered traces of newer influences 
like Soundgarden, Queens of the Stone Age and the White 
Stripes that don't quite fit into the psychedelic groove, 
this just shows Wolfmother's willingness to explore other 
types of rocIc- Even when Stockdale sounds like Jack 
White channeling Robert Plant, Wolfmother retains the 
same rough, wild edge that provides the signature for the 
album. At the very least, It's refreshing to experience a 
little of the past and to know that bands these days still 
know how to rock like they used to. 

- Suaw Renner 
STAFF WRITER 

HIATUS 13 

'I tiave you ever used stimulants like 
It cocaine, meth, speed, or Ritalin 
\ without a pr~sc~ij2tion-? If so, you may 

be eligible to participate in a 
./ 

U(S~ Brain Imaging ·Study~ 1 
and reeelye $130 and a picture of 

your'bfain'~r comptete 
partici~tion. 

sTUDENt 
Plan ahead for summer. 

Store your things with us. 

Student Discounts 
1/2 OFF FIRST TWO MONTHS* 

on already lowered rates 
on selected sizes 

*Month to Month_ lleNfye No",1 

~lAtED 5ToRAGE~ 
9434 Kearny Mesa Rd. 
San Diego, CA 92126 

• Servers 
• Bartenders 
• Meeters [r Greeters 
• Dishers 

(858)693-1717 

Do 10U love working with people? 
Do you love Fun, Food & 

EnterttJinment? HEPCat has 
tons of positions (on-campus and 

off campus) for: 
• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality Industry! 
Daily Ie Weekly Pay! Flexible Work Schedules! 

Group interviews! Open House take place on: Mondays thru 
Thursdays at 1:30 pm& 4:30 pm SHARP! Se Habla E.panol! 

Apply Today, Start Tomorrow! 814 Morena Boulevard, 
Suite 2l0-San Diego, call (888)472-1829!1 www.HEPC4t.jobs 



14 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Eyeblink Study - females needed, 18-35, 
rt-handed, drug free, no psychiatric his-
tory. Earn upto $26O! Call 619-543-2314. 
M-F, 9-4. UCSDMC. (6/1) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female attorney 
needs part time assistance (Tuesdays 
and Thursdays) to assist at office. Hours 
are 8:15am-7:00pm (plus additional 
overtime). Duties include typing, filing, 
word processing, occasional bookkeep-
ing, assistance at court. good grammar 
and punctuation skills, knowledge of 
Microsoft Office, good handwriting and 
the ability to stand for long periods of 
time. Requires the ability to drive a van 
with an automatic transmission. Must 
have goo? driving record. Candidates 
must pass a grammar, spelling. punctua-
tion and typing test plus a background 
check. Please send resume to: Human 
Resources, DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary 
US LLP, 401 B Street, Suite #1700, San 
Diego, CA 92101 or em~il to maureen. 
walker@dlapiper.com (6/8) 

Part-time Assistant / House help. $10 
per hour. Call if you have any free after-
noons. 858-663-6746. (6/8) 

Typing, prepare fraud case, investigative 
research, $12-18 part-time, computer 
skills, law/ journalism knowledge help-
ful, near UTC bus-stop. Cooprider, 858-
554·0119. (6/1) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~IAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guardian r...erves lhe right to classify, edit. delete offenslve words and phanes. 
and/or refuse any and all adwrtisements WlthoUl prior noIIfIcation. The AdvertK.e< will not 
hold the Guard/on liable for any claims resuiling from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertl<er and lhe consumer. 
Copy shoUld be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order 10 be corrected In the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Cr@dlt will only be 
given for the Incorrect portion of lhe advertisement. There .re no refunds for cancelt.tlons. 
....... MIld all COfft.pou.uo .......... CIaIIfI.ch to: 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $S per ZO ~ 
Faculty & Staff: $7.50 per ZO-.b 

All others: 512 per ZO wanII 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$21 •• per column Inch 
DeadInes: 

UnoAdi 

UC5D Guardian, Attn: CIa ...... 9500 CiIImIIn DrIw 10116, u.IoIa, CA 9lO9J. -.. 4 .... MOM 1 .. 4ponMOM1_ 
4,...ntl_ Actuallocatton: Student Center .. Room 117. Thws. 4 .... nt 1 -

email: adsucsdguaroian@Yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucscJsuardian.org 

Earn $800-$3200 a month to dtive brand 
new cars with ads placed on them. www. 
DriveCarAds.com (6/1) 

Small restaurant, La Jolla Shores, hir-
ing Cashiers, Counter help, full or pit 
$7.50-9.00/ hr. Flexible hours. We train, 
start now or after finals. Leave message. 
Kevin 858-273-8623. (6/8) 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$725.$1050 ~ 
c.IIJackl 

(858)565-2144 
Summer Jobs! Help Elect Oems in 
'06, $1400-2500/month. Work with 
Grassroots Campaigns, Inc on behalf of 
the National Democratic Party to beat 
the GOP this fall. 

ness and education. We need volunteers 
that are interested In biodiversity con-
servation and supporting the launch of 
this nonprofit organization. To receive 
I nformation or apply please contact Leif 
Christoffersen at 858-353-3830 or send 
an email to leif@eOwilson.org. (6/8) 

Summer D., C.mps - LA ArB. 
Swimming, horses, sports, arts and 
crafts, beaches, ropes courses, and much 
more www.daycampJobs.com. (6/1) 

..... rdl'" Summer Jobs- LA. ArB. 
Gain valuable experience while working 
with children in a variety of fun settings 
www.daycampjobs.com. (6/1) 

Male Summer Day Camp Counselors 
Needed! Stay here in San Diego; Drive a 
camp van to and from camp in Rancho 
Penasquitos (just east of Carmel Valley). 
Make a difference in the life of a child! 
858-487-6000, www.outpostsummer-
camps.com (611) 

Fun part time event and game staff 

Movers -great pay + tips, FT /PT, close to 
UCSD, no experience necessary, great 
job for summer and now. 858-689-2525, 
http://www.priorltymovlng.com/appll-
cation.htm (6/5) 

The FLAME BROILER needs JIIU. Part 
time work starting at $8.50/hour. 
Responsibilities vary, friendly atmo-
sphere, positive attitude a must! Please 
call 858-587-8989 or stop by (U ViII. Clr. 
next to RubiO'S) (618) 

Receptionist wanted: minimum 20 
hours/week, dependable, detail-orient-
ed person, 5 minutes drive· form UCSD. 
Email: kgoldstein@qglnc.com. (611) 

FOR RENT 

TOWNHOUSE for rent: 38R, 2.5BA, 1600 
sa. FT. available September I, $2375. 
Near Costa Verde, UCSD busline. All 
appliances. Quiet. Call Dee to see at 
858-454-6462. (618) 

Carlsbad: Cheap rent for assisting wheel-
Personal Assistant 

WANTED 
$13-$18/hr. 
10-15 hrs/wk 

needed. Interactive game rental compa- chair bound UCSD grad female. Private 

Duties include: . 
• General organizing, writing 
correspondence, research, 
phone calls 

Requirements: 
• Communication skills 
• Exceptionally self-motivated 
• A business intellect 
• Resume with excellent references 

5andto: 
o/es/o@gOldenhlllrentols.com 

Internship/FT/Career, Los Angeles 310-
441 -1712 Ask fo r Jessie, Bay Area 510-
848-1754 Ask for Mel (6/8) 

Would you like to make money online, 
but don't know where to start? Here's 
a solution just for you. www.mymoney-
info.com (6/1) 

Interns Wanted: The EO Wilson 
Biodiversity Foundation Is a start-up 
nonprofit organization that implements 
innovative programs to preserve bio-
logical diversity through science, busi-

Learn about a new way 

Student Securities 
s.curlag JOur future. 

www.studentsecurities.com 

ny for corporate parties and events. Fun 
working environment, will train. 858-
622-6613 www.partypals.com (6/8) 

Swim instructors $11 -$17 per hour. San 
Diego 858-273-7946. North County 760-
744-7946. (6/8) 

CROSSWORD 

ACIOSS • 
1 0uId00r mar1celplace 
7 Movie pooch 
11 Arena offici.1 
14 lditarod' 5 state 
15 Beat i~ Fluffyl 
16 Jackie'. IOJCOIId """"" 
17 1V SlIP' 0( me Robinson family 
19 Go • few rounds 
20 _ undOra"l! 
21 t.a..,.nigtlt Jay 
22 Helper 
23 Preoccupied 
26 Chocall" section 
29 Opp. 0( syn. 
30 <D-_ 
31 ERA erRBI 

room in spacious 4 bedroom 2 bath 
apartment. Female non-smoker. 8-12 
hours per week. 760-580-9977 or email: 
enticingeyes@gmail.com (6/1 ) 

LA JOLLA FURNISHED ROOM in town-
house near UCSD and bus. Utilities pro-

34 Embers 
38 Typeo(_ 
41 Sort 0( 
42 Ac:tresa Dickirwon 
43 Flat finish 
.... ~Iiw! VOII!S 
46 Supply wilh __ pons 
47 Ragedy doll 
.9 "The Seven " 
52 Ralph EIIi",,"~1usic 
57 Principal 
S8 Spiral 
59 MoIIems ooIlec1iwIy 
1t3 w ... _ 
64 ac-I tip\ 0( • oort 
66 UndenIImd 

THURSDAY, JUNE 1, 2006 

vIded, kitchen privileges. Graduate and 
post-doctorilte preferred S 1700. 858-
450-6935. Available now. (611) 

WANTED 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000-$1 SOOO for qualified, 
responsible applklnts. All ethnic back-
grounds welcome. Special Need for 
.Jewish, Asian, and East Indian donors. 
Close personal suppon by experienced 
donor. call Dawn ., 951-696-7466. Full 
Info at www.fertilltyaiternatives.com 
(618) 

Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or ~an descent, age 21 -26, call 552-
8S8S eK. 5590. (618) 

SERVICES 

SJOO OFFI Get LASIK by the finest pro-
fessionals at UCSD's Shiley Eye Center. 
Call by the end of this spring quarter 
and receive $300 off the cost of your 
procedure. What a great way to face 
your bright future! 177- IZ1-EYES. (618) 

IT and computer repair services. Will 
fix, tune up, advise and train. UCSD 
students/staff S 15lhr, others $25/hr. 
Negotiable. 626-780-4643. (611) 

PERSONALS 

Talk UC San Diego sports on the web at 
www.tritonfans.com (618) 

AdMan's MovIe Trivia: Apparently we 
raised the bar too high with our last 
bonus question. The hitchhiker In "Fur 
and Loathing in Las Vegas" was Tobey 
Maguire, which can be easily Googled. 
By adding the obscure hitchhiker from 
1980's "Where the Buffalo Roam" (also 
based on Hunter S. Thompson), we lost 
ya. That actor? Harold Van Buskirk. Grand 
finale in Monday's Issue. (6/1) 

67 Desi~Cassini 
68 IIoord~ 
69 NocobI" period 
70 Pierre's pop 
71 Provides with fundi"l! 

DOWN 
1 0.1ICf!5 al V ..... il"" 
2 00cIes 
3 ""-Pitb 
4 Oflhe_n 
5 WI1h hands on hips 
6 Sprinllld 
7 V.il rival 
8 Moor 
9 aty in Washl,.... 
10 Noshed 
11 Flnotic:al 
12 W .. roway 
13 like "'"'" r1IOI\p8e rates 
18 ..,.m the alarm 
22 Playwrigtll 0II!Ich0v 
2. Ot5\1e55 It!I1I!r5 
25 urfy PeruviAn 
26 R"""""lat 
27 Folk dance 
28 Civeout 
32 Simile center 
33 Sornoone to knowl 
3S lab malum 
36 Old Mila ...... money 
37 18-whee1er 
39 Sully 
40 Coop I8idI!nIs 
45 Sleuth 5pMIe 
411 Aaa lI;idmon 
50 Houoe In l'llri. 
51 Ukewild hones 
52 Public persora 
53 AI,.,.ran in 2000 
54 P05I-card SCt!nI! 
SS S4upid miSlllIce 
56 HanHc. to HOIatio 
60 Elite wMeI. 
61 One more time 
62 L Dunxt- and Y. IIenI 
64 IlepLtllIcan '-' 
6S 0. .. 

Find crasswonl 6r sohItioDB III 
www.~Itr;~ J 

THURSo.\Y, JUNE 1, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

Tantrum-Prone Kids Fuel Baseball's Decline Student-Athletes Not In 
the Clear from Steroids • NACHO, from page 16 with bumaIl Mapet schedules are 

wonderful and trIding carda are a 
treasure, but ualY wratlina mub 
are .U1IOCatin& devices th.t tum 
cute-looklna kids into mutants. 

The ordeal _n't finished in 
the lcut; a break between inning. 
led to a footrace between two 
Padres nwcota and the aforemen-
tioned "Nacho" foe. Naturally, at 
the expense of the Padre,' dig-
nity, Nacho prevailed after vio-
lendy shoving the "Fathers" to the 
ground. Amid high-pitched cheer-
ing from tlle dearly excited youth, I 
remembered the PittJbursh Pirates' 
Randall Simon incident from almost 
three years ago. and marked the 
similarity between the two events. 
Simon, who knocked a racing 
Milwaukee Brewers "Brew Crew" 
mascot with his bat, received a fine 
and faced ridicule from the media. 
Nacho received no punishment, 
and his actioM suggested to many 
young San Diepns that che.ters 
do prosper. While Simon's incident 

• was dearly assault and Nacho's was 
probably planned, Nacho's actions 
are a testament to the cheap and 
irrelevant thrills that kids get It 
the game. 

While I wish I could say that the 
"Nacho" takeover was a one-time 
occurrence and that the Padres' oper-
ations will retum to normal, 1 fear 
that this new wave of supplementary 
entertainment in the professional 
baseball experience has already 
ingrained itself beyond repair. Spirit 
squads on the field excite otherwise 
uninterested fans between innings 
by flinging cheap T-shins into the 
crowd; the announcer encourages 
Verizon Wireless customers to text 
message a number to select whether 
Bob Dylan, the Beatles or Lally Taffy 
will be played at the next break (guess 
which song won); the Jumbotron 
flashes a decibel meter during a lull 

in play 10 the lana can think they're 
enUJized and concerned about the 
pme. Althou&b many of the fans 
actually do foUow the game and 
filter out thete useIeu externalities, 
it ia dUtreuin8 that other patrons 
need thete devices to tell them to be 
entertained. 

Unfortun.tely for baseball, it 
aeema as If these ouuide distrac-
tiona have seeped onto the field 
and into the game as never before. 
Perhaps I'm paranoid and fear the 
worst, but at the "Nacho' game. I 
noticed that many of the players 

, ~et schedules ~nderful and 
trading cards are a 
treasure, but ugly 

wrestling masks are 
suffocating devices 

that turn cute-
looking kids 

into mutants." 
were lifeless and unexcited about 
the game. Hardly anyone ran out 
to their poSitions, used two hands 
when catching a pop-fly or showed 
any fervor for the game. There 
seemed to be less hustle and more 
swagger - a swagger that was gen-
erally unearned. The players should 
play the game hard; there is no 
excuse for lazy and passionless 
play. After all, the players' emerg-
ing lackadaisical spirit wasn't the 
attitude that got them to the Big 
Show in the first place. 

Perhaps the solution to stopping 
the disintegration of Major League 

Baseball II to return to iu roota, 
where baseball domiilates the stage 
and the atru are inconapicuously 
absent. 

A UCSD baseball game is an 
excellent example of a fun time 
devoid of everything except the 
game. The atmosphere is lively, 
but not contrived; the fans are 
1IOCial, but not diatracted from the 
game; the players swagger, but only 
aLighdy and only after a big vic-
tory. The games are more personal 
and more meaningful. In fact, the 
Tritona completed their mOlt recent 
campaign with a 35-24 record and 
reached the Califorrul Collegiate 
Athletic Association tournament. 
This fmish is statistically better than 
the cellar-dwelling Padres, who are 
just over .500 with a record of 27-
25. While Triton Baseball Field may 
not have the same allure as Petco 
Park, the UCSD baseball team can 
certainly provide more authentic 
baseball entertainment than the 
carnival of Major League Baseball. 

Maybe the standards of enter-
tainment have changed, but a 
baseball game should be able to 
carry itself as a performance that 
fans come to see. It's obvious that 
the barrage of advertisements in 
professional baseball is a neces-
sary evil; baseball is an interesting 
microeconomy that requires sup-
ply to meet demand. What is dif-
ficult to understand is the quality 
of the gimmicks that are appearing 
in Major League ballparks today 
in order to lure an audience that 
would rather watch Spongebob 
than experience America's pastime. 
Hopefully there will be a resur-
gence of those who wish to return 
to the good 01' days - which aren't 
yet so old - when baseball was 
sacrosanct and Jack Black was the 
leader of the Nasties - not the 
Nachos - in "The Neverending 
Story III." 

• JUICE, from page 1 6 
integrity of spons as a whole. Or 
perhaps we don't really care as much 
as we say? 

Despite dear health detriments 
and other effects, some people don't 
see the downside of steroids. 

"Steroids don't take away from 
natural ability; Revelle College 
freshman and sports fanatic "Darren 
Matsumoto said. "They have nothing 
to do with skill or coordination." 

While there is a grain of truth to 
this, it's disturbing how easily some 
dismiss the fact that steroids are ille-
gal. and that users gain an unfair 
advantage over otbers. U one person 
uses steroids, then should everyone? 
What If your role model were on 
steroids, or that one person on your 
team who always gets more playing 
time than you, or the opponent who 
clobbers you on the field? 

"[ would feel disappointed in that 
person that he felt that he had to suc-
cumb to using steroids in order to be 
the same as all the other athletes and 
that he couldn't do it on his own per-
sonal strength:' Revelle sophomore 
Eleni AJevizos said. "At the same 
time, I would understand why he did 
it. I know that many athletes have 
tough competition and when every-
one else is doing it, it is hard to resist 
something that can make it easier, 
regardless of the negative effects." 

Other students are less merciful "I 
would be really crushed," Thurgood 
Marshall College sophomore Jacques 
Spitzer said. "It is cheating and it 
would be hard to respeQ anything 
they had done in their career. Their 
integrity would be destroyed I might 
be able to forgive them, but not sup-
port them." 

There is not a professional sports 
player out there who has not seen this 
sort of drug abuse, but to succumb to 

it takes away that high -caliber level of 
playing that the athlete has worked 
so hard to reach. "Respect is the 
main issue; Revelle freshman Martin 
Hofmann said. "There are always 
going to be temptations for anyone 
in any area, but it's about sticking by 
your principles." 

John Muir College alumna Lori 
Hwangbo points out that it takes 
more than just muscle mass to gain 
this so-called "respect" as an athtete. 

"I would much rather support a 
so-so athlete who makes up for his 
shortcomings with a lot of heart and 
effort than a dishonest, juiced-up ath -
1ete who just whacks homers," she 
said. 

The negativity surrounding Bonds 
dangles in the air of her speech. After 
all, people have every right to be 
stirred by his actions, and these emo-
tions are only intensified as Bonds 
threatens to break Hank Aaron's 
career home run record. 

After seeing such tragic down-
falls because of steroids and the risks 
involved with surrendering to them, 
one can only hope that people will 
soon realize that it's just not worth it. 
What exactly are steroid users accom-
plishing, anyway? Sure, they may like 
the sense of power and the defmed 
abdominals and carved arms in the 
mirror, but inside they are tearing up 
their bodies and minds with heart 
disease, tumors, tissue damage, depres-
sion and countJess other side effects. 
Last time 1 checked, balding, impotent, 
acne-pocked men with raging aggres-
sion and paranoia and irritable, angry 
women with deep voices, rock-hard 
breasts and beards were not in high 
demand in the dating world. Athletes 
need to stop fOCUSing so much on 
results and go back to finding the joy 
in a healthy diet and training regimen 
and - the pure love of the game. 

Secrets of Successful 
Law Students 

, ... , .... . .. 

-... 

.... 



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael En1een 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

THE~GuARDIAN 
SPORTS 

THURSDAY. JUNE 1. 2006 _ ___ _ 

HOT CORNER 

Chris Finegold 
Men's Water Polo 

The senior 2-meter was named to ESPN the 
Magazine's Academic All-America Men's At-Uirge 

All-District Vlll First Team. Finegold earned the 
honor with a 3.65 GPA and 31 goals. 

Crew's Varsity-Four Boat Takes Third at Grand Finals 
By icky Buchanan 

STAFF WR ITER 

T he T-shirts of 14 members of 
the UCSD women's crew team read 
"13,900 minutes on the water, 600,000 
minutes of erg ing, 73,350 pounds in 
the weight room; all for this moment, 
all fo r th is race,» referring to the 
squad's participation in the NCAA 
Nat ional Rowing Champio nships 
in New Jersey May 26 through 28. 
At the rigorous three-day event , 
the girls gave it their all, but their 
biggest rival , Western Wash ington 
Univer ity, took the final win. The 
girls did not return empty-handed, 
howeven as they came home with the 
thi rd -place trophy. 

After the va rsity-four boat lost 
by only a 10th of a second to Barry 
University, the var ity eight also came 
up a bit short, coming in third out of 
th ree boats du r ing its fi rst heat on 
May 26. After the rough beginning, 
the Tritons refocused their efforts fo r 
<;atu rday's Repechage races. in which 
they had another shot at making it to 
the Grand Finals. 

"We realized it was a do or die 
moment;' senior varsity-four rower 
Katie Morris said. "We regrouped 
afte r Barry and changed the race 
plan a bit. We are usually more con-
servative in sprints, but this time 
we attacked the race with poise and 
strength, started sooner and bu mped 
up the ratings. T he rowers responded 
beautifully.» 

C OURTES Y OF M EGHAN KEl LY 
The women's crew team sent its entire squad 10 nationals, including rowers Megan Hagquisl, Kali Webb, Katie Morris, Kelsey Thomas and coxswain Phoebe Lee (not pictured). 

T he varsity-four boat pulled out 
for the win over Nova Southeastern 
University with a time of 7 m inutes, 
51 seconds, and advanced to com-
pete in the finals on May 28. 

T he va rsity-e ight girls weren't as 

fo rtunate, but many seniors said it 
wa the best race of their college 
careers. 

Senior coxswain Arianna Pilram 
detailed the d isappointing loss. 

"It was a dogfight,» she said. "All 
fou r boats were neck-and -neck, aU 
aligned fo r the most part until the 
last 15 strokes, when out of nowhere, 
Flo rida State, who was in last place, 
did an amazing sprint and [took sec-
ond ] at the very end.» 

Nova Southeastern took first 
while Florida State hit second, both 

within milliseco nds of each other at 
the seven-minute mark. UCSD feU 
next in line at 7:01, fin ishing one sec-
ond behind Florida State, right ahead 
of Dowling University at 7:02. 

The varsity-eight-rowers went on 
to defeat Dowling again on May 28 
in the Petite Final race, and followed 
their win by cheering on senior cox-
swain Phoebe Lee, sophomore stroke 
Kelsey Thomas and rowers senior 
Katie Morris, sophomore Kali Webb 
and junior Megan Hagquist in the 
varsity-four boat. The UCSD team 

Trito.n Baseball More Wholesome 
Than Silly Major League Spectacle 
A masked man in a skimpy spandex suit and off-white briefs should never set foot 
on a profeSSional baseball field . 

Nonetheless, this was the scene 
du ring a recent afternoon out ing 
to Petco Park fo r a Padres game, in 
which NickeIodeon - a network 
that has seen better days - forked 

Un Danaiable 

Danai Leinin 
dleining@ucsd .edu 

over enough money to promote 
Jack Black's latest flick, "Nacho 
Libre,» to the paying Padres patrons. 
Apparently Nickelodeon's check was 
substantiaI enough to allow the net-
work to send one of the silly looking 
characters to the pitcher's mound 
to throw out the ceremonial first 
pi tch. While this despicable act may 
have been forgivable, it was the fi rst 
of the day's many transgressions 
that soured my taste for the circus 
fo rmerly known as Major League 
Baseball. 

I can'not recall experiencing 
ometh ing as outlandish as the 

masked Nacho creature in my child-
hood excursions to the ballpark, 
or anything that even came close. 
Perhaps the tran sformation is a result 
of the impoverished Padres' attempt 
to cater to a wider demographic, 
but baseball has always been a fam-
ily affair. Management is trying to 
appeal to the generation of children 
born in the '90s, but in doing so, 
they're tarnishing the quality of the 
professional basebalI experience. 

T h is current generation of 
8-year-olds to pubescent teens 
demands immediate gratification 

BillY WONG/GUARDIAN 
The desire exhibited by the UCSD baseball team i! becoming less.frequenton the professional 
leuel, as Major League games resort to gimmicks and promotions to attract fans. 
and constant visual stimuli at the 
threat of a merciless temper tan-
trum, which is the impetus for the 
transition from the laid-back feel 
of a ballgame to the in-your-face, 
something's-always-gotta-be -hap -
pening extravaganza that a trip to 
the ballpark has become. While I 
understand the need to appease the 
crowd, the Padres have gone too 
far in their latest ploys to increase 

ticket sales. 
In addition to the "Nacho" first 

pitch, the Padres handed out Nacho-
styled Padres wrestling masks to the 
first 10,000 kids under 14 years old. 
While it is already an unfortunately 
far cry from the free batting helmet 
giveaways of yesteryear, this ridicu-
lous promotion has nothing to do 

[ NACHO, page 15] 

placed third, behind the rowing pow-
ers of Western Washington and Barry 
in the Grand FinaIs. 

Though the team didn't come 
away as the national winner, the 
UCSD program has grown leaps and 
bounds, according to team members. 
The tightly knit varsity team has 
14 girls, as compared to 35 to 50 
in the past. Senior varsity captain 
Cara Kuebert and junior rower Leah 
L1ach received All -American honors, 
and were impressive in closing the 
team's IS-second gap against rival 

Western Washington to four seconds 
this season . 

"We aren't the biggest girls, but 
we are technicaI ly sound:' Pilram 
said. "We have proven we can make 
it to nationals, and now we can really 
focus on placing there." 

Kuebert also added that the 
women's crew program is constantly 
improving. 

"We had a really strong season 
and set the bar high ," she said. "All 
of the teams are getting a lot faster ; 
there is no stopping us now.» 

Steroids. Threaten Athletes 
Beyond Professional Level 
T hough baseball's homer-hitting icon Barry Bonds' steroid bust was a heartbreaker for many 
staunch Giants fans, it was a much-
needed eye-opener for the athletic 
world, where performance-enhanc-
ing drugs are becoming unsettlingly 
prevalent. The 42-year-old Bonds 
has denied the alleged claims, tes-

followed his career. 
The bigger issue, however. is ath-

letes' desire to bulk up for a com-
petitive edge is gradually spinning out 
of control. Bonds only served as a 
harsh reminder of a reality that many 
are hush-hush about. It is expanding 
outside the more common areas of 
bodybuilding and wrestling to all lev-

els of athleticism, tifying that he was 
given the undetecl-
able steroids by his 
trainer in the form 
of a clear substance 
that he believed 
to be a nutritionaI 
supplement made of 
flaxseed oil, and a 

~------- from club leagues 
Straight from 

Sidelines 
to high-school- and 
college-affiliated 
sports, and even to 
the "average Joe" 

Buchanan pumping iron at 
-nbUCii~@uCSci:ed~ the gym. 

This sets a bad 
cream he thought was a pain-relieving 
balm for his arthritis. 

While many naive people choose 
to buy into this act, the majority lean 
toward tile overwhelming evidence 
that suggests Bonds was fully aware of 
the true nature of these drugs and their 
purposes. His trainer, Greg Anderson, 
has been accused of to selling ste-
roids to numerous athletes, including 
Bonds, with whom he worked very 
closely. 

Bonds also endorsed the perfor-
mance-enhancing drug company 
BALCO, run by scientist and supple-
ment provider Victor Conte, who was 
busted for selling illegal steroids to 
many famous athletes, including some 
in the NFL and the Olympic Games. 
Back in September of 2005. the FBI 
discovered records and calendars of 
Bonds' long-time steroid cycles. 

There were also rumors circulated 
by Bonds' eX-girlfriend, who claimed 
that he became aggressive and carried 
around what she ca\led his "man bag." 
from which he popped as many as 20 
pills at a time. Not to mention the fact 
that his drastic physical transforma-
tion and increase in personal achieve-
ments were obvious to anyone w~o 

standard for the youth of today, tell -
ing them to do whatever it takes 
to reach the top. A report by the 
Department of Health and Human 
Services s tated that 12 percent of 
teenage boys and 2.5 percent of teen-
age girls use steroids. 

The pressures to maintain a posi-
tive body image and keep top rank-
ings push too many people to resort 
to unhealthy measures. The leniency 
of drug testing in the sports world 
only makes matters worse. It's a 
vicious cycle that is turning too many 
kids' idols into cheaters and drug 
abusers. 

While watching ESPN or Fox 
Sports, it's difficult to see the 6 foot-
plus guys with veiny muscles bulging 
from their jerseys and not wonder 
how many of them are shooting or 
popping. The media tries to push 
it aside and desensitize the issue 
while those directly involved with 
the athletes. such as coaches or team-
mat.:s. hold back their suspicions and 
don't ask questions. People need to 
speak out, not only for the health of 
the users but for the protection and 

[ JUICE, p.~ t 5 ] 


