
POT AND BIRTH CONTROL: IS THE FDA'S DOUBT JUSTIFIED? ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, MAY 8, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Colleges Lobby 
for Financial 
Aid Overhaul 

UC, Nurses Butt Heads During Talks CALLS 
GROW FOR 
OUSTER OF 

UC PRES By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

A multifaceted coalition of higher 
education advocates and lobbyists are 
petitioning the U.S. Department of 
Education to make major changes to 
federal financial aid. 

The groups are calling for an over-
haul of the national system of student 
loans, which college officials worry 
are the main cause of rising levels of 
student debt . 

The petition is a rare move for 
lobbyists, who usually advocate spe-
cific politicians to change policy. 

In this case, the coalition decid-
ed to iake their case straight to 
U.S. Education Secretary Margaret 
Spellings, who created the Commission 
on Higher Education earlier this year 
to review and possibly revise a litany 
of federal college policies. 

"To ensure that low-income stu-
dents meet their full potential through 
higher education, the secretary has 
the duty to improve the current reg-
ulations so halJIlcQre students are 
able to manage debt repayment and 
low-income students are not deterred 
from pursuing higher education: the 
coalition stated in its petition. 

The group's recommendations 
included reductions to a borrower's 
payments when they exceed a set pro-
portion of their discretionary income 
and to lower from 25 to 20 the number 
of years after which the government 
would discharge the remaining loan 
balance of a borrower who has regu-
larly made "manageable" payments. 

To bolster its claim that American 
student debt is skyrocketing, the 
coalition commissioned a survey that, 
among other things, showed about 66 
percent of students say that afford-
ing college is becoming increasingly 
difficult. 

Current polices - especially those 
governing loan repayment - are 
"inconsistent, confusing, and contra-
dictory" and "do not provide clear and 
meaningful protections to borrowers 
who make good faith efforts to meet 
their obligations: stated the coalition, 
which is composed of several high-
profile college groups including the 
United States Student Association 
and the state Public Interest Research 
Groups. 

The Department of Education has 
not publicly commented on the peti-
tion or said how it will respond. If 
recent congressional action is any 
evidence, however, politicians are 
wary of reforming student aid. 

In February, Congress cut about 
$12 billion from federal student loans. 
Under the plan, the interest rates of 
several loans rose, forcing many col-
lege advocates to cry foul over the 
makeup of federal financial aid. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

FOCUS 

The Sound of Music 

COURTESY OF JOHN VAO 
Thornton Hospital nurses such as Patrick Lutz haue been locked in a bitter fight with 
the uniuersity in negotiations ouer the leuels of nurse pensions and health benefits. 

SPORTS 

Let's Go Streaking 
The A.S. programming office strives to get the biggest 
and best acts, but can't please all the students, 

Baseball clinches a playoff spot on the 
heels of an eight-game winning streak. 

page 6 page 12 

Fights over pension 
and benefits drag out 
negotiations. 

By Molly Crystal 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

The second session of labor 
negotiations between the University 
of California and the California 
Nurses Association ended last week 
after much discussion but little res-
olution. 

The latest meeting in a series 
of talks was one of four sched-
uled talks in "reopener" negotia-
tions between the university and 
CNA about contracts for nurses 
employed at UC-run medical cen-
ters. Negotiations began last year, 
when the CNA and the university 
disagreed on specific terms of the 
nurses' proposed two-year con-
tracts. 

The session included discus-
sion of four main issues: salaries, 
health benefits, retiree health ben-
efits and break issues. 

Although the university pre-
sented statistics showing that wage 
increases and benefit options were 
generous, the CNA argued that 
the increases were not sufficiently 
competitive with the local market. 

"ucso has 'always ~ the 
lowest-paid hospital in its area~' 
said Beth Kean, the CNA director 
for the UC division. "Those statis-
tics made its wages seem competi-
tive because they included areas like 
EI Centro. Those statistics are not 

[ NURSES, page 3 1 

State senators target 
Dynes for recent pay 
scandals, demanding 
the university-system 
leader step down. 

By Matthew McArdle 
ASSO CIATF N EWS EDI TOR 

In the wake of a state audit that 
exposed numerous compensation 
policy breaches at the University of 
California, several state senators have 
voiced concerns over UC Pre ident 
Robert C. Dynes' ability to lead the 
system and have called for him to 
resign or be fired . 

State Sens. Abel Maldonado (R-
Santa Maria) and Gloria Romero (D-
Los Angeles), both members of the 
Senate Education Committee, held 
a joint press conference on May 3 
- one day after the release of the audit 
- demanding that Dynes step down 
from his presidency of the 10-campus 
sys'tem and saying that they had lost 
confidence in his leadership abilities. 

"I've spent many sleepless nights 
agonizing for ome time:' Maldonado 
said at the conference. "But, in the 
interest of California and taxpayers 
of California, I'm asking President 
Dynes to immediately step down." 

The demands come after the state 
auditor's discovery of policy lapses that 
led to erroneous payment . unreported 
salaries and housing and car paynlent 
that were not properly disclosed to the 
university's governing body, the UC 
Board of Regents. 

According to the report, Dynes, a 
physicist and former UCSD chancel-
lor, was responsible for many of the 
lapses. Although state legislators have 
no power over Dynes' employment, 
state Sen. Jeff Denham (R-Merced) 
called on the regents, who can fire 
Dynes, to force out the president 
without hesitation. 

"Dynes still doesn't get it;' Denham 
stated in a press release. "Greed, arro-
gance and ignorance sum up the 
attitude that is pervasive in the UC 
preSident's office." 

Denham has also proposed other 
solutions to solving the university's 
compensation problems, including 
introducing a measure earlier this 
year that would have stripped the 
UC system of its constitutionally pro-
tected autonomy and give the state 
Legislature control over its budget. 

State Sen. Jackie Speier (D-San 
Francisco/San Mateo) - who sits on 
the same committee as Maldonado, 
Romero and Denham - said that she 
is willing to give Dynes at most six 
months t9 make significant changes 
to UC pay and transparency poliCies. 

l DYNES, page 3 1 

INSIDE WEATHER 
lights and Sirens .......... ......... 3 
letters to the Editor .............. 5 
Site Seen .................. ............... 6 
Campus Calendar .................. 8 
Classifieds ........................ ..... 10 
Crossword ... ................ .......... 10 

MayS 
H67 L58 

Q 
H69L58 

May 9 
H67L59 g 
H70L59 



2 NEWS 

We're Allin This To 

CURRENTS------------
Profs Elected to 

National Academy 
Six UCSD professors were elect-

ed into the prestigious American 
Academy of Arts and Sciences late 
last month, two for contributions 
in political science, two for medi-
cine and one each for engineering 
and biochemistry. 

The academy elected bioen-
gineer Shu Chien, the founder of 
the Jacobs School of Engineering's 
bioengineering department, for his 
extensive research on blood flow. 

Chien's selection gives him 
membership in all U.S. national 
academies, one of less than 10 
scholars worldwide to have such 
an honor. 

Professors of medicine Don 
W. Cleveland and Ken neth 
Kaushansky, political science pro-
fessors David A. Lake and Keith 
Poole and biochemistry professor 
J. Andrew McCammon were also 
elected. 

The academy was created in 
1780 to honor those who have 
made significant contributions to 
their fie lds or to society at large. 

More Bad News for 
Standardized Tests 

Standa rd ized tests, including 
the SAT, should be given less con-
sideration in college admissions, 
according to a new study by UC 
Riverside psychologists. 

The study results found that 
"success in col lege is much more 
re lated to a student's work ethic 
and se lf-discipline than to absolute 
intelligence or excellent test-taking 

ability." The study data also showed 
direct correlations between family 
income levels and achievement on 
standardized tests, stating that stu-
dents whose parents make a lot of 
money are more likely to do better 
on the tests. 

The results were obtained 
through examinations of student 
SAT scores and personality tests, 
and the researchers noted that 
hard-working students of all back-
grounds were more likely to suc-
ceed than those who simply had 
high test scores. 

Colleges Bolster 
Transfer Options 

Institutions of higher education 
around the country are implement-
ing programs to ensure that more 
students are able to transfer from 
community colleges in an attempt 
to bypass historica lly snobbish 
notions that regard transfer stu-
dents as unfit for four·year col-
leges. 

Responding to lagging transfer 
rates, many colleges have intro-
duced guaranteed-transfer pro-
grams, including the University of 
Virginia, which has established a 
program that ensures admission for 
community college students with 
GPAs of 3.4 or better. 

Challenging the idea that trans-
fer students are not as smart as 
"traditional" students, research 
commi ss ioned by the Cooke 
Foundation has shown that transfer 
students at selective institutions, 
including UC Berkeley, tend to 
graduate at similar rates and have 
similar GPAs as those students 
who begin as freshmen. 

FREE Truck to Move In! 
• Plan Ahead-Reserve Now! 
• No Security Deposit • Friendly Staff 
• Call for Guaranteed Reservation with 

Credit Card www •••• DI ••••• If.t.r •••. c •• 
~------ ---- -------- --I 

: 1 MONTH : 
: FREE!*: 
I for UCSD .tudent., faculty a staff I 

·wlth payment of 2 month • . Ple.se preHnt coupon. I 
___ ~bj!!t!! t:.m!:~.!!!I~If~ ~.~~~ ____ I 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 8,2006 

fIMor In ChIe/ 

V1Mt im'r~ 
lin S. -.0.-' 

N.thon Miklos c..,,-. 
IIe.lhe, Welles 

Chilries Nguyen 
-..... 
~McArdl. -_ .... 

IAl"-MIdden 0piIi000 .... 
IiInIIi Comt> ___ 0,loloo r-. 

RIll"" ... ........ 
o.natt ......... 

-... -~ .... 
--....... 
---~n 

BiIIy~"'", 
AleunderV.rond _ ....... 

And,.,. N,uyen .,.._ 

Riley SaIint ..... ,.,. All .... 
....... AooIIIItoI 
Mot_~ 

RidI,",OIoi • ..:z.~ .......... 
llIIko "'*'~ 

Hlnl Bul, Ch,~1:1:=""~ 
..... ~ 

k .. .,.,... MtOI ....... CoMa! MaoIpr 
M1choet _ .--.,.... 

_ ..... ---.-... 

Vinc.GI",,,_ ~ .. ..,."._ ... 

--.~ ... -
IoshRos . ..... 

_AooIoIooIo T .... _.~l. 
- ....... l.,..t Georg. Chen, IlCIwd ChOi 

.......... 

T .... 8uchin, c."I'~ T, ..... Ot_ 
Th. UCSD C<urdi.n i, published Mond.y' 
ilnd ThwndilYs dud,!! the K.demh;: ".,ar by 
UCSO stud.nI, .net for the UCSO comIOunity. 
ReproOuctiOfl of Ihi ............. ., .oy form, 
wt-ietner in wIIoie 01 In ~rt. Without permission 
i, strictly prohibflool. 0 ............ ' r.served. 
The UCSD C •• rd., i. nol """';ble for lhe 
return of ... oliciled m",u iCriptI or ¥t. The views 
expressed "rein do not neceUarity represent the 
:ritcm~r~~ I': ~iafed":'Je~:. ~~~y~c~~~ 
improve ugly. 

General Editorial: 8.56-534-6580 
editor@ucsdlluardian.OfIl 

An article,... ... OIl'" 1 tilled -uaD ... DeIdal Societf News: 8J3.51+5226, ne'" l@uadgu.,diiOorx focu~ 8J3.S)4.S226, r..lureslM:sdg",rd" •. OIg Hia,us: 8J3.~, hiillUS@uadguaroi.lI.orx 1:noo: 8J3.SJ4.OS8l, opinion@ucidguw,,,,org rb: 8)&.SJ+6S8l. sporIsftuadguw"n.org 0: 8)&.5J.4532, pItotoliJuadg"",dian orx incorrectly stated .. Dr. Ima SIlwrmla .... to opeD two diIl-
ia.. In r.ct. he only plans to open QUe. In IddIticn. the Padfk a.dI 
dental office is open on Theadays, not Wednesdays. aod tbeI't IR 
80 active members, not 40. Abo. John Muir CoJIese senior s.m.on 
Yans works at • dental office &om 12 p.nt. to S p.m., not at the free 
clinic as stated in the article. 

Adverlising: 858·534·3466 
ads@ucsdguardian.org 

Fax: 858-534-7691 

TM Guardian CDnettI all erron broufItt to tIw .""".". of tIw editors. 
Comctions am be SCIft to ed~.OIJ. 

•• I ~ 
""'Sao !lOop W __ "......",. 

10531 Sorrent?Y~n~Y Rd. 
8S841M11OO 

", I, :~o.de. 
-1..1' ....... e 

Ill'I'ORA.I 
....... .,..,.$011_-_ 

10345 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
858-411-1001 

", I, 
::Q ••• MeNi 
-1..1. l' I' 0 R. It . ~ 

,h. So" O#t90 .h" SfOf'.".-compo", 

7044 Flanders 
85845MSll 

", I, :r, ••• enfO 
...-Me ... 

Ill'I'OR •• I _ 
","Sao !lOopW __ "~ 

6690 Mira Mesa Blvd. 
858411-0100 

ACADEMY SKIN PHYSICIANS, INC. 
Ali%abeth L. Truong, M.D. 
Diplomate, American Board of Dennatoiogy 

President. San Diego Society for 
DennaloLogic Surgery 2003·2004 

Assistant Clinical Professor of Medicine, UCSD 

For expert treatment of all skin, hair and nail diseases includiltg: 
• Acne and Acne Scars • Laser Hair Removal 
• Hairloss and Nail Fungus • Removal of RedIBrown Spots 
• Eczema and Warts • Chemical Peels 
• Moles and Skin Cancers • Botox and Restylane 

Convrnirndy 
locllted in UTC 

4510 Executive Drive, Suite 210 
San Diego, CA 92121 
(858)452-1430 

Donate to Father Joe 
) .888~ abet Joe 

.jFATHER JOE'S 
~v ILL AGE S' 

MONOAY, MAY 8, 2006 

LIGHTS & SIRENS---
~AprllZ5 
~ 11:21 p.m.: Suapidoaa Penon 
Officer initiated activity at Pangea 
Parking StructuR!. Subject was a male 
working on a vehicle with the aIarrn 
sounding. Chedced out OK. 

~ 11:30 p. ... : ~ Penon 
A black male adult withblue jeans, red 
snealcas and a girlfriend that lives at 
John Muir College was at Ocean View 
Terrace. Subject was a possible caser. 
ChecUd out OK. 

W~Aprll26 
~ 4:36 Lm.: NoUe DiIIurIJaacc 
A car hom was honking at Regents 
Road. Car was quiet on arrivAL 

~ 10-.58 Lm.: MedkaI Aid 
An IS·year-old female was complain-
ing of ankle pains at the south stairwell 
of TIoga Hall 

~ 1:31 p.m.: Gnnd 'I1Ieft 
Three vacuum pumps were taken from 
Basic Sciences Building. Report tIJken. 

~ 9:19 p.m.: Stolen VeIdde 
Occurred at Lot 303. Report taIcm. 

~ 10-.11 p.m.: Nolle cIIItarb.nce 
Loud buIcdbaIl playing at Brown Hall 
s.d1j«U 111m gone 011 arrivGl. 

~ 11:16 p.m.: AIcoboI CoabM:t 
A residential adviJer IfqUired assis-
tance with alcohol contact at Sixth 
College building 705. 

~Aprll27 
~ 1l:l5 LID.: Po.. 1M of MuijuaDa 
Subject rqKlrted smeIlins his room-
mates smoking at Harlan HalL Report 
tmcen. 

~ 10:09 Lm.: NoUc DiIIurIJaacc 
A running truck bIodting Myers Drive 
was at Price Center. Chec;ked out OK. 

~ 11:46 LIIL: SuapkiouI Penon 
Officer initialed activity at Lot 355. 
Subject was an adult male with a 
Stanford sweatshirt and backpack. 
Officer saw subject trying to open the 
doors to a vdticIe. ChWcoJ out OK. 

~ 11:53 Lm.: MecIkaI Aid 
A 32·year-old female had difficulty 
breathing and could not move her feet 

at UCSD School of Medicine. 
~ 4:CM "IIL! Stolen Vebide 
Occurred at Let 703. 'Report t41km. 

~ 4: 11 p.m.: Stolen VtbIde 
Occurred at Lot 208. Report t41km. 

~ 8:19 p.m.: Petty 1Wl 
Occumd It Atlantis Hal. Wallet taIrat. 
CtmceJed before dispatcJa. 

~ 9:56 p.m.: BurJIary to Vehicle 
Occurred at Lot 753. Brobn rear pas-
senger window. Rqiort taken. 

~ 10:41 p.m.: JIur&Iary 
Occurred at Blake Hall. Two cell 
phones, computer mouse and laptop 
were taken. Could not determine if 
the room was secured between room-
mates. Rqiort taken. 

~ 11:19 p.m.: Petty Theft 
Occurred at Tiop HalL Red women's 
unregistered mountain bike with a rear 
flat tire was stolen. Report tIJken. 

~Aprll2B 
• 1:37 Lm.: AIcoboI CoDtKt 
Officer initiated activity at Douglas 
Hall. Subjects cOOJ1elYlled. 

~ Z:OI ..... : UIepl Camp'" 
Occumd It Gilman Drive and Myen 
Drive. Community .ervice officer 
called in a sleeper on the ground. 
Subject WQ$ shUle"t -aged artd I«fI 30 
minutes ago on a bench. SId1ject WQ$ 
arrested for a misdemeanor. 

~ 1:19 Lm.: NoUe DUtart.ace 
A group of peopIe weR!talking at Black 
Hall. Officer was urKlhle to locate. 

~ 3:27 Lm.: Drua1t iD Public 
Officer initiated activity at Black 
Hall. 

~ 8:07 Lm.: GraacI Theft 
A coffee cart had a split canvas at 
RIMAC Arena. Report taken. 

~ 9:02 p.m.: Barpry 
Officer initiated activity at RIMAC 
AR!Da. Report taIceft. 

~ 9:29 p.m.: Grand Theft 
Occurred at Natural Sciences BuiJding. 
Laptop taknr since previous night. 

-By Charles Nguym 
NEWS EDITOR 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Agreement Between UC, Nurses Yet to Be Finalized 
• NURSES, from page 1 
impartial; they're political." 

CNA officials insisted that 
political motivations have marred 
the negotiations, and accused 
the university of fighting the 
nurses on behalf of Gov. Arnold 
Schwanenegger. 

"This is a political illue because 
hospitals are regulated by the gov-
ernment: Kean said. "It is a very 
political issue, but we didn't make it 
that way, UC did." 

For over a decade, the CNA has 
been involved in a bitter dispute 
with California lawmakers over 
staffing· ratio rules that assiJlls a 
set number of patients to each UC 
nurse. Last year, Schwarzeneger 
attempted to increase the patient-
to·nurse ratio. Nevertheless, UC 
officials denied that its proposals 
have been politically motivated. 

·Politia have nothing to do with 
it; UC spokaman Noel Van Nyhuis 
said. "Any political notions are on 
the aide of the CNA. They are trying 
to put politics in the wayofbupin-
ing. when it bas nothing to do with 

the issues." 
RegardJess of politics, the pur-

pose of the negotiations is to cre-
ate a contract that will not only 
satisfy UC nurses, but also encour-
age newly registered nurses to fill 
empty nune slots. 

"HistoricaIJy, UC hospitals - com-
pared to others - paid their nunes 
less, but kepi nunes there because 
they offered better health benefits 
and pensioos," Kean said. "But that 
bas changed now, and almost all hos-
pitals offer pensions now; 

UC officials have called univer-
sity pension packages "exceptional 
... as compared with key competi-
tors." Nurses, however, dispute the 
notion. . 

"These benefits are threatened, as 
UC plans to furce [registered nurses) 
to pay 8 percent of their sa1ary for 
pension, and pay huge increases in 
retiree health premiums," the union 
stated in a press release. 

Although no lJI'eements have 
been 1IUIde, it is still early in the 
bargaining process - with two 
more sessions scheduled for later 

this month. 
"These things take time; Van 

Nyhuis said. 
However, Kean said she feels 

. that agreement may be difficult to 
reach because both sides appear to 
have such different motivations. 

·Our goal is to ensure that staff-
ing is safe, and theirs is to increase 
profits," Kean said. 

Another issue the CNA is fight-
ing for is the "lift·team bill," which 
would allow nurses to work in 
team, using special equipment 10 
lift overweight patients. Such prac-
tices would reduce the risk of back 
injuries for nursn. the union said . 
UC officials, however, have said 
that the fmancial burden incurred 
by such legislation should make 
taxpayers wary. 

The university's aversion to such 
policies - for financial reasons, the 
union argues - irked Kean, who 
said she was questioning the rffec-
tivenell of the negotiations. 

ReQdns C41n contact Molly CrystQI Qt 
mcrystal~ucsd.edu. 

Dynes Dismisses Pressure From Politicians to Resign 
• DYNES, from page 1 
Denham's proposal is too drastic, 
Speier said, and "fraught with prob-
lema." 

"The day the state tabs over a 
pubUc education entity as esteemed 
as the University of California will be 
a dark day for academia," she said. 

The demands put new pressure 
on the beIeaJuered Dynes, who has 
repeatedly pledged to improve the 
university's transpanncy. 

• I believe it is critical to move 
swiftly, but accurately, to identify 
root causes and permanent solu-
tions," he stated in a press release. 
"Where there has been misconduct, 

misjudgments or mistakes, I will 
take Ippropriate action. There is no 
contlict between our fiduciary duty 
and our obliption to act fairly." 

Dynes also gave no indication of 
any plans to resiJll. In an interview 
with the San Fnmcisco CImmidt, he 
denied that he was giving into any 
pressure from politicians. 

"00 I look like fm crumbling?" 
he said. 

Gerald L Parsky, chair of the UC 
Board of Regents, slated in a press 
release that the regents have asked 
Dynes to respond to the state audit 
at the next regents meeting, sched-
uled for May 17. He also said that 

the regents would review additional 
information, including an internal 
audit, at the meeting. 

Both Romero and Maldonado 
said at the conference that they were 
prepared to attend the meeting if 
Dynes had not resigned by then. 

The university is no stranger to 
compensation problems. In 1992, 
then-President David P. Gardner 
was accused of improperly giving 
bonuses to top aides and other UC 
officials, stepping down amid the 
charges. 

ReluJers can amlllct Matthew McArdle 
lit matt.mcardle@Jmailcom. 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS 



4 Web poD I How do you feel about the headliners for Sun Cod? THE~GuAROON Olcao'_I0 __ 
._c.all' ......... _ 

CONTACT THE EDITOR 
MarianrIC Madden 

opinion@ucsdguardian.org OPINION • No ~ '" ......... will help me onjoy ..... bond • _11101 c_o.. die tilIl • Iotl't. ti .... for • country headl..,/ 
MONDAY, MAY 8,2006 _____ IIIiI _______________ _ 

PPROVAL Scientifically . Based 
(}Y--

By Megan Durham 
STAFF W RITER 

T hemissionoftheFoodandDrugAdministration is to protect the public health by assuring the safety, efficacy and security of drug and food supplies, as weU as helping the consumers get 
the accurate, science-based information they need to 
"use medicines and foods to improve their health." 

Perhaps this statement would be easier to swal-
low if we ignored two of the recent FDA statements 
regarding medical marijuana and Plan B, also known 
as the "morning-after pi~ ." 

In an April 20 press release, the FDA argued that 
"no sound scientific studies supported medical use of 
marijuana," and went on to use some of the most 
common anti-marijuana arguments: that other 
medications have exactly the same effects, and 
smoking marijuana has the same negative side effects of 
tobacco smoke. 

By far the most interesting part of the discussion is not the fact that 
the FDA decided against supporting medical marijuana, but the extent to 
which their decision seems to be politically driven. In fact, in making this 
statement they are ignoring several well-known studies that have supported the 
use of marijuana for medical purposes The most notorious of these is a 1999 study 
by the Institute of Medicine, part of the National Academy of Sciences. which is described 
by the New York TImes as being the "nation's most prestigious scientific advisory agency." 
There have been other studies as well, including several state-sponsored ones in the 198Os, 
and a J 998 House of Lords report. 

All of these studies are different, but many propose that the risks associated with marijuana's 
"gateway" and psychological effects, as weU as its dependency issues, are overestimated. [0 fact, 
many of the studies showed that there are possible benefits to the drug. especially when used 
as an appetite inducer for cancer and AIDS patients, or as a pain reliever for multiple sclerosis 
and glaucoma sufferers. But more importantly, each of the studies stressed the need for more 
research to be done before a conclusion about marijuana could be reached. 

But therein lies the problem. The Drug Enforcement Agency lists marijuana as a schedule I drug. 
on par with drugs suc):1 as heroin and methamphetamines. Because of this classification it is extreme-
ly hard to receive permission for a study - and even harder to obtain the necessary funding. 

Dr. Donald Abrams, a professor at UC San Francisco, complains that the National Institutes of 
Health refused to finance or support his work. and that he has also had trouble even getting the 
results of his studies publislled. He believes that it is almost impossible to -fulfill the Food and Drug 
Administration's request for well-controlled trials to prove marijuana's benefits_" But many scientists 
have pushed past the governmental regulations and are trying to research marijuana as best as they 
can. To have the FDA say that there are no sound scientific studies supporting the medical use of 
marijuana is a slap in the face to these researchers. It means that studies that are currently being 
conducted, like ones at the Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research at the University of California, 

Ideologically 
Driven? 

aren't recognized by the FDA. 
And the fact that the FDA refuses to acknowledge 

these stu~es is disturbing. especially when one looks 
at the recent history of the organization concerning 
Plan B. In 2004, the New England Journal of Medicine 
discussed the fact that emergency contraception is 

overwhelmingly demonstrated as -safe and 
effective when available without a prescrip-
tion" and that "evidence shows that the avail-

ability of emergency contraception does not 
result in a change in the usual behavior of the 
women who are its potential users." So since the 
drug had proven to be both safe and effective, the 

FDA went ahead with the approval, right? 
Of course not In spite of the recommendation of the 

FDA's own Nonprescription Drugs Advisory Council that it 
do so, the FDA balked at allowing the drug to be used over-

JEN.NlfER HSU/GUARDIAN the-counter. A new court case involving the fiasco recently 
surfaced memos by Dr. Curtis Roeebraugh where he wrote that the FDA could not 
"anticipate, or prevent extreme promiscuous behaviors such as the medication tak-
ing on an 'urban legend' status that would lead adolescents to form sex-based cults 
centered around the use of Plan B." [0 respome to the FDAS decision, Suaan F. Wood, 

the FDA's top women's heahh officer, and Dr. FranJc Davidoff, consultant to the afore-
mentioned council, resigned over this seemingly political decision. 

And even though the resignations happened a whi1e ago. Wood is still worried about the 
stance the FDA is taking. She recently complained about the fact that the FDA has grown 
more political, tel1ing the Rochester DmIocnIt and Chrrmlde In January that one shouldn't 

"have to be of a particular persuasion or a particular party to care about science in our health 
policy." I 

Wood and Davidoff MI'e right to resign. The FDA is a scientific organization cJwaed 
with determining the safety, efficacy and toxicity of consumed substances, and should not be 

concerning itself with politics or morality. 
In a world where some prescription drug tompanies market pills that have only been prom! 

effective in biased studies, it is important to ha~ a governmental organization that provides health 
information that the public and the medical community knows to be trustworthy. 

The fact that the FDA has Ignored the repeated attempts of the medical community to research 
marijuana's medicinal uses and the scientific VIlue of the Plan B pill seem 1nterconnectecI. Both 
appear to stem from a political agenda, displaying. willingness to ignore scientific evidence and 
focus instead on issues of morality and value. This should not be the FDA's choice to make, because 
by doing so it makes the FDA Into a policy-mak1na entity rather than a science-based safety organi-
zation, Let such decisions be made by the organizations entrusted with policy concerns, namely the 
state and federal legisIatures_ 

Overstep those bounds and risk losing any credibility you once had. 

Sun God Rocks, But UCSD Can Be Fun 'More Than Once a 'Year 
Sun God is Friday, and for those ranked by the Princeton Review: the of you who are Sun God virgins, University of Wisconsin-Madison. I envy you. You get to see for The Princeton Review Web site notes 
the first time the one day a year when that the party school rankings were 
UCSD really loosens its tie, kicks off based on "a combination of survey 
its shoes, and goes wild. The U.S. questions concerning the use of alco-
News & World hoi and drugs, 
Report Web site m pUS hours of study 
confirms that Sun each day, and the 
God is the most Repair popularity of the 
popular cultural " Greek system." 
and campus event David Johnston The ran kings 
at UCSD, followed . appear to suggest 
(closely, ['m sure) djohnSIOn @u(sd.ed u that widespread 
by "sporting events" and Admit Day. use of alcohol and drugs is a contrib-

There is little question as to uting factor to the quality and quan-
why Sun God rocks so much. It's lity of a school's parties. But I~s face 
the naturally occurring ' party" in facts: Asking the administration to 
every college student's system that is relax alcohol and drug policies would 
repressed umil the pressure builds be naive, unrealistic and, quite pas-
and ultimately explodes on Sun sibly, illegal. Personally, I'm thankful 
God. Unfortunately, the lack of par- that security officers are not posted 
tying for nine-tenths of the school outside residence halls on Friday and 
year overshadows Sun God, and the Saturday nights to search the bags 
result is seniors from my high school and pockets of everyone coming in 
informing me that they've decided on or out. Perhaps my standards are low 
UCSD in spite of it being "boring." To in this era of wiretapping, but I would 
make the university more appealing not be surprised if the uni~nity tried 
to current students and upcoming to have residential security officers 
applicants, we must improve its party do just that and excuse it as a security 
potential, and it can be done without precaution. 
sacrificing academics and morality. The rankings then suggest that 1ft 

To determine what makes a school could reduce the bours of study each 
great for parties, we must ask the day and increase the popularity of the 
experts, which in this case would Greek system to make for better par-
be the number-one party school as ties. But studying isn't the real prob. 

lem; most students can and do take 
off at least one night a week for fun . 
The Greek system probably can't help 
much, either_ The main thing that 
could increase Greek system popular-
ity is housing on or just -off campus 
where groups could gather to throw 
unbelievable parties. This. unfortu-
nately, is inconceivable for UCSD. 
The university will almost certainly 
build more gener-

follow the model of private complex-
es' quiet hours. Each college should 
set I a.m. (or later) u the start of 
quiet hours, after which an RSO can 
warn or break up a party only after 

someon~ has complained about the 
noise. When all the neighbors are at 
the party. no one complains about 
the noise and there's no reason for 
RSO interference. Quiet hour~ after 

all, are not safety 
al housing before 
it considers Greek 
housing. and buy-
ing or building • 
Greek bouse near 
campus would 
I ikely be impossi-
blyexpensive. The 

'Sigma Chi "ranch 
bouse," which isn't 
particularly dose 
to campus but is 
nevertheless a 
major party spot, 
unfortunately . 
appears to be the 
exception and not 
the rule. 

, Findingan 
equilibrium for 

Safe Ride between 
underused and 

overbudget may take 
some trial and error, 

but saving lives will be 
well worth it " 

regulations but 
courtesy ' regula-
tions. Police offi-
cers don't enforce 
courtesy laws, like 
picking up after 
one's dog, and 
RSOs shouldn't 
either. With bike 
thieves and drunk 
drivers abound, 
there are bluer 
fish to fry. 

Often, though. 
the best petties 
are off campus. 
On Friday nights, 

One improvement within reach, 
however, is reforming the I Lm. 
quiet hour. It has good intentions, 
but . overzealous enforcement has 
ended numerous harmless parties 
and full -volume conversations. A 
reasonable compromise would be to 

the UDiWnity i. 
kind enough to run the Otysbuttle up 
until midni8ht. giving atudenta a way 
to get to parties near Nobel Drive. 
To get home, though, all we have Is 
A.S. Safe Ride, a program which is 
woefuJJy undenued due to so many 
frustratins flaws. For Safe RIde to 

be truly effective, the A.S. Council 
ought to show off the service in the 
same way the parking office adver-
tises the free bus zone sticker: with 
outside sign-ups where there's plenty 
of foot traffic (Ubrary Walk would 
be perfect). It should also consider 
running Safe Ride until a later hour 
(3 a.m. is awfully early for young, 
energetic party-goers) and ending the 
limit of three rides per quarter, These 
changes can be scaled lIP-or down to 
accommodate the program's budget. 
Finding an equilibrium for Safe Ride 
between underused and overbudpt 
may take some trial and error, but 
saving lives will be IftU worth it. 
Disregard the naysayers, like Vice 
Owtcellor of Student Affairs Joseph 
Watsot'l, who made the ridiculous 
claim in a GWlrrlltm Interview that 
"[Safe Ride I is DOt a safety program. 
It is a program that enCCIUnIFS and 
fiIcilltates atudenta gettin& Into clr-
clllllltances In whkb they are not 
... Riaht, juIt 1ike air bags and anti-
lock brakes should be taken out of 
cars because they encourase people 
to drive fast. 

Another idea the university should 
consider Is an expre.. shuttle to 
Pldfic Beach on Friday and SIturday 
nighta. If adminiatnton are reIudaat 
to make UCSD a fun coUeae environ-

[J()HN51ON, ,. 5J 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of c.Jlfo-""/a or ltuoclated Stude~ts. 

MONDAY, MAY 8, 2006 

Partygoers 
Need Better 
Transport 

• JOHNSTON, from page 4 
ment, they should at least have the 
decency to drive us to one. However, 
as A.S. Representative and Chair of 
the Transportation Policy Committee 
Josh Martino explained in a lette.r last 
week. ~Increasing the number or fre -
quency of Cityshuttles, for example, 
is an extremely expensive venture, 
the cost of which .. . would inevitably 
lead to increases in permit costs." 

He's right, and higher permit costs 
would be a pain in the neck. So why 
in the world doesn't the university 
take a hint from city buses and sell 
ads inside and outside UCSD shut-
tles? Do they have any idea how many 
advertisers would trample their own 
mothers for a chance at a captive audi-
ence of 18- to 24-year-olds? Students 
wouldn't mind the ada if it meant 
the shuttles ran their usual route on 
Saturday nights and/or express to 
PB on weekends - a faster, more 
convenient, student-friendly option 
compared to the regular 34 bus. If ads 
are insufficient to hire a PB shuttle to 
run for six hours two nights a week, 
students would probably be willing to 
pay a subsidized rate of a few bucks 
for a ride to PB and back. 

These ideas are not aII-or-noth-
ing. The transportation office can 
try operating a PB shuttle for one 
weekend. It can have a trial run of the 
Cityshuttles on two Saturday nights 
to see if students utilize them (and 
they will, if it's IftU-advertised on the 
shuttles and in residence halls). One 
college can try the private complex-
style quiet hour enforcement for two 
weeks. Just don't disregard these ideas 
because you're afraid they'll require 
major commitments. Give them a 
try, and maybe, just maybe, the spirit 
of Sun God will permeate UCSD all 
year long. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

LEITERS TO THE EDITOR-
Certain Administrators 

Resistant to Reform 
Dear Editor: 

I wanted to clarify a quote 
that I made in the the Guardian 
["Students Mum Over Proposed 
Rule Changes," May ) I saying, "I 
feel that our administrators don't 
give a shit about students' opin-
ions anyway." 

I did not mean to imply all 
administrators - just that admin-
istrators such as acting Assistant 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Gary Ratcliff and Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs Joseph W. 
Watson have not made any pro-
gressive efforts to listen to student 
opinion regarding the SRTV deba-
cle. Had they, the Acceptable Use 
Policy would not be a complete 
contradiction of what students 
voted for in the special election. 

I've worked with a number 
of administrators and faculty on 
projects this year to improve stu-
dent-faculty interactions, student 
life, school spirit and much more. 
I've found that the administra-
tors in colleges, especially Revelle, 
are more than willing to extend 
a hand to their students - many 
are UCSD alumni and realiz.e the 
importance of education outside 
the classroom. 

I was referring more to the 
division of Student Affairs that 
constantly denies A.S. and stu-
dent requests to better the campus 
life through more controversial 
measures. Students wanted a beer 
garden at Sun God. When A.S. 
President Jenn Pae constructed a 
solid plan, as asked for by Dr. 
Watson, to prioritize safety and 
security for a beer garden during 
the day of Sun God, it was flat -out 
rejected. 

When the A.S. Council wanted 
Triton Taxi (now A.S, Safe Ride 

_ get your free card for a safe 
ride home in time for Sun God on 
the third floor of Price Center!) 
to be able to have online waivers 
and simpler ways of signing up 
for the program, Dr. Watson said 
no because, to my understand-
ing, it would promote alcohol con-
sumption and make the school 
look bad. He seems more worried 
about conservative donations than 
a well-run and successful program 
that has been initiated at almost 
every top-notch university in the 
nation. 

A.S. Safe Ride is designed to 
give UCSD students a safe ride 
home, no matter what the circum-
stances, whether it be an intoxi-
cated driver or an uncomfortable 
situation. Why does everyone seem 
to think we are a dry campus? We 
aren't, Students at or above the 
legal age should be able to enjoy a 
beer on campus. It's situations like 
these two, among others that I've 
seen, that make me question our 
vice chancellor of Student Affairs' 
real passion for the students of 
UCSD. 

- Rachel Corell 
Rl!Velle College Senior Senator 

The UCSD GuanIitm 
Opinian Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 9lO93-0316 

e-rrudl: 
~.OfJ 

UCSD Alumni Association & Triton Engineering Student Coundl 
present 

OPINION 5 

rcolle 

Student Securities 
SKurl .. JOUr futu,.. 

www.studentsecurities.com 

University Centers 
pmenh 

Whether vou'n up for 

SUN GOD DAY 
FRI. MAY 12th 

FIRST RACE BEGINS AT 11 :30AM 
FINAL RACE 1 PM 

PETERSON HALL HILL 
ill atch as students, alumni and staff partner to test the laws of physics 

and mechanics in the THIRD annual 
Triton Junkyard Derby, a boxcar competition. 
Come cheer for your favorite boxcar, 
www.Glumnl.ucsd.,dulderby 

CHeMoUSiNe 
1M Chupacabras 

Cool Runnings 
Do Not Resuscitate 

Enforms 
Eultr's Army 
E~rlmentl73 

Mismatch 
Pepitos 

Reckless Endangerment 
Rickshilws ilnd Razor Ramon 

SWE 
TeamBOHICA 
Team Gotham 

TeamSHPE 
Team Synergy 

The Best Pie: Tau Beta Pi 
Triton's Best Pit (rew: 

Tau Beta PI 
U(SD Bookstore Regulators 
y~,ow & Blue Wrec:klng Crew 

U(SD Facilities Management 
Geico 

Biotech Beach law 

U(SO Transportation & Parking Services 
Auxiliary & Physical Plant Services 

(RMS 
The U(SD Guardian Imprints 

th' ehall,"" or Jost wa .. t to 
.It back aM nlax. 10IIII out a .. d 
I .. Joy the bIt,lst Poltry Slallllll eVlrt 

10 
Pub 

@ 7:00pm 
@ 6:30pm 

It poet .... , ..... wIth 10 ......... ,..w.uv 
what alhlWIIIIft 1t _ After that. pollitt an ~ 
0.. ftIItII If • .-r fir ewry 10 ...... CIVIC ........ , . 
No '"" ... «eolfllllU. oIIINtII pMt. ftIc ....... 
..... W'II. 
For .ore iDfo~~ioD call 85'.'22.20" or 
vi.it h~~pllltheUDi .. r.i~,cea~.r.,uc","Q 



6 ~(GUARDIAN 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Christine Ptu 
!eatures@ucsdguardian.org FOCUS 

THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

A Visit Through 
a Satellite 

MONDAY, MAY 8, 2006 

THE OPu ...... 
GREG DA L£1CUIo RDIIoN 

A satellite link set up from lraq to the S<m Diego Supercomputer Center allows Marines 
and their family members to stay connected through video teleconferencing. 

Video teleconferencing at UCSD provides a 
link between families and Marines in Iraq 

By Alexandra StratJold-Young 
STAFF WRITER 

Supercomputer Center, where sev-
eral SDSC employees have been 
giving their time on Saturdays to 
host VTC sessions. 

How is UCSD able 
to snag name 
bands like Jimmy 
Eat World and 

Several months ago, military wives in San Diego wanted to take the edge off of their 
separation from their husbands, 
who were stationed in Iraq facing 
an extended deployment of eight to 
12 months. 

Their solution came in the 
form of a company called Freedom 
Calls. a nonprofit organization 
based in New York. The company 
purchases satellite tifl\e to access 
video teleconferencing and allows 
military families nationwide to 
use this service free of charge. 
Freedom Calls representatives also 
travel to Iraq to install sateilites 
and other necessary facilities at the 
military bases. 

Freedom Calls was created by 
John Harlow about one year ago 
when he saw the need to connect 
military families with their loved 
ones overseas. 

Their facilities have been in 
use si nce Feb. II at the San Diego 

SDSC volunteers host about 24 
families every Saturday from 8 a.m. 
to 1 p.m., during which time each 
family is able to spend half an hour 
video teleconferencing on a 48-inch 
liquid-crystal computer screen. 

The VTC sessions provide 
invaluable time that these fami-
lies would not otherwise be able to 
have. This is the only sort of facility 
in San Diego that provides these 
opportunities for families - free 
o( charge. 

Jim D'Aoust, National 
Partnership (or Advanced 
Computational Infrastructure proj-
ect manager, is one of the volunteers 
who spends his Saturdays helping to 
host the VTCs. 

«Jim's done the lion's share of 
the work;' said Greg Lund, assistant 
director of communications at the 
SDSC. 

[ VTC, page 91 

My Chemical 
Romance - for 
'free '? The 
process is harder 
than you think. 
BY CHRISTINE P AE 
Focus Editor 

ILLUSTRATION BY 
RILEY SALANT-PEARCE 

SITE SEEN I SUSHI DELI 2 
"Cheap sushi" often sets off warning bells, 

but at Sushi Deli 2 that warning bell has 
become a siren call. 

By the time the restavrant opens for din-
ner, a line has already formed outside. The 
tables flll up minutes after seating begins, 
and a steady stream of eager diners damor 
to put their names down for the next open 
spot. Once you get past the chaos at the host-
ess stand, your only obstacle will be deciding 
what to order from the myriad of economical 
options on the menu. From rolls to nlglrl, 
everything costs a fraction of what it would 
at most sushi joints. while keeping to a high 
standard of freshness and quality. 

during normal hours, but drop to half price 
during happy hour (5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m.) You'll 
be full after three or four hand rolls. butthey're 
so tasty and affordable that you won't be able 
to resist a few more. The happy hour drink 
discount won't dazzle you (the already InelC-
pensive small sake drops to 99 cents) but the 
regular drink special, one large beer plus one 
small house sake for $5.50, might tempt you to 
go overboard whh sake bombing. 

Start your meal with the miso soup. 
Crunchy tempuf3 croutons set it apart from 
the run-of·the-mill standard, and a brimming 
bowl of It will only set you back 85 cents. 

For the best de.l, hand rolls win h.nds 
down. The hefty, small-sized rolls consist of 
papery sheets of norl wrapped around sticky 
rice with fillings Bke spicy tufll and sweet-
glazed eel that melt In your mouth. Sushi 
Dell 1 takes the taco concept a step fur-
ther and pulls off Aslan-latin fusion with the 
Makin hand roll. Nor! replaces a tortilla In 
this Japanese version 01. ftsh taco filled with 
fried fish, sticky rice, awcado and spicy salsa. 
Hand rolls range in price from $1 .99 to 52.50 

Be careful when venturing on to the rest of 
the menu because not everytNng at Sushi Dell 
2 escapes the 'cheap sushi" stereotype. The 
Hot Hot California roll tastes like McDonalds 
got its hands on a package C1f supermarket 
sushi, doused it with 'special sauce,' sprinkled 
it with stlll-quivering fish flakes, and left It 
under a hut lamp. However,.wId the lmita-
tion aab and spicy sauce and the menu's more 
hit than miss. 

Sushi DeN 2 
135 Broadway 

- lily RObtlltoll 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

s.. DIego.CA 92101 
(619) 233-3072 

GO FIGURE 
• UCSO's national ranking 

for -First-Class Education 
at Bargain Prices.-accord-
Ing to Klpli~s Personal 

Finance. 

t is now the month 
of May and UCSD 
students are buzz-
ing with anticipa-
tion of the tradition 
that is the Sun God 

Festival. The festival's eve-
ning concert is a culmina-
tion of this year's musical 
programming events and is 
the closing finale of one of 
the most spirited days of the 
academic year. 

This year's Sun God line-
up, however, has provoked 
mixed opinions. My Chemical 
Romance, Cypress Hill and 
Talib Kweli are this year's 
main acts, with smaller bands 
like No Use for a Name, boy-
setfire and Ozma featured in 

[ FEmVAl, page 7 J 

MONDAY, MAY 8, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Band Bookings Based On AvailabiUty and Budget 
• FESTIVAL, from page 6 
separate stages. 

It is K well's second appearance at 
UCSO, his first performance being 
at 2004's WinterFest. In years past, 
UCSO has boasted of concerts fea-
turing Warren G, Alien Ant Farm, 
Jurassic 5, the Pharcyde, Queens 
of the Stone Age, Busta Rhymes, 
Switchfoot and Bad Religion, among 
many others. Previous lineups have 
both impressed and di.sappointed 
UCSO's student body. who've calJed 
some bands too "mainstream" and 
popular, and others too obscure to be 
of interest. 

"Popular music and 'the fad' music 
is not exactly my cup of tea," John Muir 
College freshman Dana Rueckert said. 
"But it surprises me that they can get 
someone that caliber." 

Rueckert, who did not attend 
FalIFest or Winter Fest this year, also 
noted that she was surprised to see 
the lack of publicity for the concerts. 

Others said that the Sun God 
concert is not everything to the occa-
sion. 

"I'm more excited for the envi -
ronment and the events of the day." 
Sixth College sophomore Rebecca 
Cunningham said. 

Whether students are dissatisfied 
or thrilled by festival lineups, some 
wonder why some bands are cho · 
sen and others disregarded. What 
determines which bands come to our 
campus? Is it based on the budget. or 
the bands that happen to be on tour? 
Moreover, is it based on an assess-
ment of students' musical preference 
- or the personal tastes of the pro-
gramming office? 

Enter A.S. Commissioner of 
Programming Eric Morris, who has 
been working in A.S. programming 
for the past four years. He and his 
programming team are the main 
force that provides the concerts stu-
dents want and expect to see. 

"To be honest, I'm not a big fan 
of most of the bands we've booked:' 
Morris said. "But when it comes to 
festivals, I clearly don't care about 
what I want. I focus entirely on what 
I think the most students would be 
happy about." 

According to Morris, the bands 

and artists that come to UCSD 
depend mostly on their availability 
and earmarked funds in the pro-
gramming budget. In addition, the 20 
to 40 members of the programming 
office talk to students as much as 
they can to generate an idea of UCSD 
students' musical tastes. 

"It's by no means something that 
one person makes a decision on," 
Morris said. "It's a great many people 
that come together to make these 
events happen." 

To further engage student par-
ticipation in band lineups, Morris 
and his committee set up an e-mail 
account for students to suggest bands 
they would like to see and to voice 

sbynomeans 
something that 

one person makes 
a decision on. It's a 
great many people 
that come together 

to make these events 
happen:' 

- Eric Morris, AS. 
Commissioner of 

Programming 

any concerns of past concerts. It was 
hoped that this new approach would 
.determine which groups students are 
pining to see - and which they could 
care less for. 

This year, the committee received 
"hundreds and hundreds" of e-mails 
regarding student's opinion on bands, 
according to Morris. He and his com-
mittee have also used Facebook to 
their advantage by clicking on the 
bands listed on students' profiles to 
see which are most popular. . 

"[By thisl you can kind of assess 
whether or not these bands will be 
something people will be excited 
about or not," Morris said. 

Yet, student attendance at this 
year's festival concerts has been 
slightly lower than years past. During 
last year's Fall Fest, when Jimmy 
Eat World was the headlining act, 
RIMAC was filled to capacity, about 
4,800 students. The following season, 
2,500 students attended Winter Fest 
and approximately 15,000 carne to 
Sun God, according to Festivals Co· 
Coordinator Brian Serock This year. 
Fall Fest was at full capacity again and 
2,000 students attended Winter Fest. 

But with a student body of over 
25,000, satisfying each student's musi-
cal tastes - let alone a majority - is 
a difficult task. 

"It's one of the hardest jobs on 
campus," Serocke said. 

A.S. programming office member 
Christina Wong noted that many stu-
dents are indifferent about the festi -
val lineups, and become critical only 
when the lineups are announced. 

"A lot of students are apathetic 
about who comes to campus, but it's 
like that with a lot of things:' Wong 
said. 

Programming concerts are fund-
ed by a percentage of the 521 A.S. 
student -activity fee. The A.S. Council 
spent about 570,000 and $60.000 for 
FaUFest and WinterFest, respective-
ly, reserving most of the budget for 
spring quarter's finale, the Sun God 
Festival - a concert that will cost 
about 5205,000 this year, according 
to Morris. 

Morris, who recently returned 
from a tour with YelJowcard (fea-
tured at this year's FaUFest) and 
Mae, working as a tour manager, 
noted that such an abu.ndance of 
concerts in one year is rare for uni -
versities such as those on the East 
Coast and other UC campuses. 

"Students don't really realize how 
lucky they are to have something 
like this," Morris said. 

This year, A.S. programming 
booked bands like Reggie and the 
Full Effect and the Violent Femmes 
to perform at Price Center for after-
noon concerts called "nooners." 
Programming also booked RJD2 
and Aceyalone for free at Porter's 

l PROGRAMMING, page 9] 

YOUR FUTURE IS GOING RJLL SPEED AHEAD. 
ARE YOU IN THE DRIVER SEAT? 

As your college years come to an end, it's time to align 
yourself with a dynamic company that will benefit from your 
interests, skills and potential. At GEICO, the fourth largest 
private passenger auto insurer in the United States, we're 
committed to becoming the best in the industry and we 
know exactly how to get there. Is your future headed in 
the right direction? Consider the following currently 
available positions: 

• New Customer Speclalllll 
• ClaIms RepresentatIves 
• Customer s.vIce Repr8l8lltatlves 
Banaftts: 
• Excellent starting salaries 
• Health coverage & 401 k for full-time employees 
• Profit sharing 
• On-site fitness center and credit union 
• Fun company culture 
If you're ready to steer your career onto the right track, 
apply online at www.geico.com/careers. or apply In person 
at: 14111 Danielson St., Poway, CA 92064. 

EOEJDRUG TEST, PHYSICAL, CREDIT AND IlACl<GROUNO CI£CKS REOUIRED. 

.BEICDe 
J 

www.qelco.CUIll/Cdleel S 

.. 

FOCUS 7 

A ORTHO EVRA ALERT 
Birth Control Patch Use Can Pose Health Risks 

The birth control patch exposes women to 60% more 
estrogen than the typical birth control pill. Increased 

e)(posure to estrogen moy lead to greater risk of blood 
clots and stroke. 

Lieff Cabraser, with law offices 

in Northern and Southern 

California, is representing 

women with injuries .... f;om 
Ortho Evra. Contact attorney 

Lori Andrus to discuss your 

legal rights at no cost . or 

obligation . 

Oltho fYrCl j, 0 trademork of Ortho~Mt:_NeiI 
Pharmoceutical5 Inc. 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus? 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo for Youl 
WHY RENn BUY. 

• R~nt tM mro rooms to your fri6lds ... 
• IIH rile rent InOIMY to fItlY for tIN ntOttftJge ••• 
• You live In th~ condo for FREE. and ... 
' .. . your ptlrents can write off rile Interest on rile mortgogel 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (158)637-0609 
Flntmtaltor.hormail.com • www.cbcollfornia.com/r"bin 

Head, Neck a 
Spine Center of SD 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La Jolla, CA 92037 
• ....... 31 U Fax .1101 •• 3841 

www .•• /oll.de.com 

When: 
Thursday, May 11 
at 7:00 p.m. 

Where: 
Southwestern College 
Gymnasium 

Ticket prices: 
$20 - Day-oi-Event 
$15 - Pre-Sale 
$10 - Group Sales (10+) 

50UO;W61 ... CDU.aiE 

For more information and to purchase tickets go to 
www.swccd.edu or call 619-421-6700, ext. 5774. 



Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

8 THE~GuARDlAN week of MAY 8 TO 14 FEATURED EVENT 
calendar@ucsd The year's best and biggest festival tums the campus Into the University of Party. Oiytlme events Include A.S. Info booths, merchandise. 

food, games and daytime bands In the Price 
Center. Alumnl's third annual Triton Derby 
boxcar race takes placf at noon on Peterson 
Hill The concert at RIMAe field begins ilt 
4:30pm, highlighted by My Chemical 
Romance. Cypress HI" and Tallb Kwel 

MONMAY8 
ACADEMIC 

Hear about an ....,.....". .., to spend 
your Spring .... volunteering abroad and 
learning about a new culturel 7:15-9:1Spm. 
Gailery B. For more information about 
Alternative 8mks at UCSO altsprlngbrea~ 
yahoo.com. 

CAREER 
Finding ... IMImIhip Of ,.,. TIIM Job 
- Come!um strategies for searching 
Intemshlp and part-time job listings to find 
positions tNt will meet )'OIIl goals. 11 am-
12: 1 Sam at the ureer Services Cfllter. 
PrOf'''.1Ye IlllUrlllC. Recrultl", 
PruIntMIon - Gel up to speed on upcom-
ing job and Internship opportunities. ilS -'I 
as the QOiII5. cunent projects. and corporate 
culture at Progressive Insurance. 7-8:30 pm. 
Careeer Services Center. Horizon Rm. 

LECTURE 
cario Glnzbulg, Franklin O. Mwphy ProfesSOf 
of Italian Renais5ance Studies. UCLA pments 
-laming "- the Enetnr: 011 the "-II 
PrehIstot'l of the Protocols of the Elden 
of lJOft.- 7:30pm. deCerteau Room. 31 SS 
literature Building. 

STUDENT OR6S 
want to win cool prizes and eat great food? 
Come to AIpM EpIIIan PhI's Toga T ...... 
May &tit-10th on library Waiki We will be rais-
ing money for the Elizabeth Glazer Pediatric 
AIDS foundation. Stop on by to try your luck 
in our drawing. have a burger from our B8Q 
or just to say hello. 

lUES MAY 9 
ARTS 

Amnesty International sponsors a Free 
Film Screening of the ilWard winning film 
-'aradl.. Now.- r wo best friends are 
recruited for suicide bombing in rei Aviv. 
7pm. Center 222. 

MONDAY, MAY 8, 2006 
CAREER 

v.tertnary School: PNpertng • AppIpIg 
- listen in as a representative from UC Davis 
gives you an overview of veterinary sdlOOi 
admissions. Including the pre-requisite 
coones, prac:tiQI eJCAl!rlence. Interviews, and 
test scores you11 need to succeed. 2-3pm at 
the career Services Center. 
..... Inc. IIIcruIIIng PNeUlllun - Gft 
up to speed on upcoming job and internship 
opportunities, as well as the goals, CUrmlt 
projects. and corporate culture at Amgen Inc. 
~ pm. careeer Services Center. HorImn 
Rm. 
UCSD s..,... loot CMIp. a conference 
on starting new businesses. Panels 01 VCs. 
entrepreneurs. legal expertS and consulunts 
wiN discuss how they formed companies 
In Blomedkal Technology. Information 
Technology and Nanotechnology. Featuring 
keynote speaker Ginger Grlham, CEO 
of Amylln. 9:3Oam-5pm. Atkinson HIIII 
Auditorium. reception to follow. Free, RSVP 
to techtlps4Pucsd.edu. 

STUDENT OR65 
AIpM EpsIlon PhI'I TCIIII Toner continues. 
all day on library Wilk. 

WED MAY 10 
ARTS 

Special showing of the new HBO film 
WIIIMIII directed by Edward James Olmos. 
The tnIe story 01 the 1968 ChbnoIa stu-
dtnt-ltd educational reform movement In 
los Angeles. one of the most Important 
ewnts 01 the Chicano Movement. Reception 
with Sal Castro, who became a leader 01 the 
Movimiento. Reception. at the Cross-Cultural 
Center. 6pm. Aim begins at 7pm In Center 
Hall lOS. An events free and open to the 
pubk. 
Muir MovIe ProductIons prestnts "CMIght 
Ie the 1c1.- Will a playwright with Atkinson's 
urdlopulmonary lung Decay live to see 
his play performed? Featuring actors from 
UC5D Drama department. Bpm, Price Center 

CAREER 
DenUI School: Whet AppIkanb for 
AIMIIUion in 2007 Need to ~ - If you 
plan to enter dental school in Fall 2007. this 
session is for you. OUr pre-dentaI advisor 
wi. walk you through the application and 
admission processes while oIferIng tips on 
how to put together iI strong ilppIbtion and 
choose dental schools. 12 Nooo-l pm at the 
Career Services Center. 

STUDENT ORGS 
AIpIII EpIIIon PhI'I Top ........ continues, 
ill day on Library WiIIk. 
The ". ......... ..., StudenI ~ Is 
having Its second GeM with two guest speak-
ers from SNAP (SpilyINeuter ActIon Project). 
5prn. Price Cfllter lA/Sanq Barblra Room. 
For more Info, email questions to ~ 
edu or acrumOU<sd.edu 

CRAfTS 
The UC50 Crafts Center wHI be I\aYIng a 
CI1Ifta .... on Wednesday and Thursday. 
On sale will be very aIfordabIe ceramk art 
and stationery. just in time for Mother's o.y! 
The sale win be from 1 G-JOim to 4:30pm on 
the lower deck 01 the GlOve Cafre. For more 
information, please caN (858) 534-2021 or 
visit -.crafts.uud.edu. 

IHURSMAY11 
CARIER 

MInI Job Fair: NonpnIfIt C41nMCtlolll 
- PolIsh up your resume, learn MIout the 
options iIYiIlWJIe to you. and discuss varl-
ous employment opportunities with local 
non-pIOfIt agencies. 11_1 pm In the Career 
ServIces Center PIau. 
NonPnIfIt c- PInel: OoIng Well At 
DoIng Good - Don't miss this opportunity 
to listen In as a panel of professionals from 
different nonprollt organizations discuss the 
nature 01 their jobs. share their experiences. 
and oIfer Insights Into the rewards and chal-

ienges 01 nonproftt -'t. 2-3:30pm. Career 
Services Center. 
On-c-. In ............. Job 5eeIIIn 
- interview5 play I key role In your 5fi11th 
tot- iI career position, and knowing what 
to say (III be tridty. Build your conIIdence 
by responding to real interview questions 
while being vIdeotiIped. Recelw immediate 
feedback from our career expert, learn by 
watching others, and get helpful tips from 
your peers. 2-4pm In the career ServIces 
Center ConffterKe Room. Pre-registratlon Is 
requIIed - all 858.5343750 or stop by the 
career ServIces Center. 

CRAFTS 
UCSDer.ftsc.ne.r .. contInues, 10:3OIrn-
4:30pm at the Grove CaIft. 

LECTURE 
UCSD CanIer ... the ............ -rile City" 
series presents Prot. James Holston 01 the 
Anthropology Dept. speaking on "DangeIous 
Spaces 01 Citizenship: Gan9-Taik. Rlghts-Tllk. 
and Rule oIl1w In BraziL' 7:30pm In Pepper 
canyon Hal, Room 106. Free and open to 
the public. 

. SPECIAL EVENT 
The SSH lIbrilry presents .... DIMs to dis-
cuss and sign copies of his new book, Plilnet 
of Slums. In Planet 01 Slums, DaYIs pnMdes 
iI gIobII 0\IIerVIIw 01 the diverse religious. 
ethnic and poIIttcili rnowments competing 
tot- the hearts and minds 0I1he urban poor. 
+6pm. GreiIt Hall. Internitlonal House. 

FRI MAY 12 
SOCIAL EVENT 

FRIDAY MAY 12 
Free to UCSD SludmlS with valid 

undergrad 10. 

UC5D's all-dly SUn God FellIn!, with an 
evening concert. See FEATURED box. 

SAl MAY 13 
LECTURE 

SocII! .Justice and Stem Cell Research: Who 
gains, Who loses? 101m-4pm. Center HIlI 
101. Registration required at http'JlethIcs-
center.net Free to the public. 

WEEKLY 
ACADEMIC 

..... netIoMI c.M -The International Center 
Invites you to attend the International ClH 
on nery Friday 01 the academk year (except 
for during FinIh WeeI!J. Join us tot- a deIIdous 
home-cooked meiI and the company 01 
students and scholars from around the -'d 
ill for 5-4.00. Lunch will be served from noon 
until 1:lOpm on a first corne. first served 
basis. If you have '"I questions, please emiIII 
LayIa at layiakOyIhoo.com 

HEALTH 
STUDEffT HEALTH is open to AU regis-
tered students, regaldless 01 health insur-
ance statu51 Appointments can be sched'*d 
onUne at http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu or 
call 534-8089. SImf.day appoilllment for 
ulgtnt needs; WI.-In lJIVtnt Care If you 
need immediate care (sorne access fees 
apply). Hours: weeIIdays 8am-<4:3Opm (Weds. 
9-4:3Opm). 

RE LIGIOUS 
EIIpertMce Church .,.,........, Services 
Sundlys l1am in the InternatIoniII Ctnttr. 
www.ExperlenceChurthOIIferently.com 

To lilt ~ UCSO event on the Guardian CamplII CalendM, go 10 
www.uodgu(lrdwn.orgdndlink to (dlenddr Deadline Wednesday.4pm 

Thursday, 
May 11, 2006 

11 :OOa.m.-l :OOp.m. 
career Services Center Plaza 

(Horizon Room if rain) 

••••• 
• Talk with r@ps from seventeen different nonprofit organizationsl 
• No registration required-fret! event 
• Bring copies d your resume and be prepared to describe ~ skiHs 
• Explore opportunities in communications, web design, ecotourism, 

veterinary medicine. teaching. and much more! 

11,/t'l' I .l1t' l'~ ld"oo;" • (,",/, ,j 'f,)/. ( ,111//,,,:('1j, • ! /. /.'" \\ ,i",f.·i',I;·,! ·i1I1i'1~d V,,-!ftT 
1.1/01/" '\pnp/',Jli\ l· t /'/,n ... • j co,l.·on,',: ,.', I ~'fI/'/'''1JI.1 -"H. ',"'-\ • \',1lil \)011 l>tt·.l.~fI 

\'0111, ( ~.:ttlt; ( '1IIIIIIIOItI}'" 'l'l, f' • I'edl I' ( • ., f'-' • /'/"NUf·,/I'IJlf'/I,ll('O(/ 
\,111 JJt,):o.lIIIlHlcI'),H I"JIII Hi41til /,/.lutl,T 11IIo", •• I1J\ -"\,111 1)"'go (J}("I~' !I"/J,o""m 

'\1111 ni,-go 11''''01"1(,11 ,\04 (.~/l" • \,111 I )11'gll l'Ohi (' to/IlII/,l/lfl'l • \', ·hlll' 1// ( /11/'/""11 
\;J/I.'-"/OI ( J,'/~/n'/J • U""J. oil~1 - },If( .,101 .... 111 I "'X') ( (111111)' 

111/11/11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111'"1111111111111111111111111111111111""1111111111111111111111111 

NONPROFIT CAREER PANEL: DOING WELL AT DOING GOOD 
Th 5111 2:OOp.m.-3:30p.m. 
Career Services Center Horizon Room 

grove caffe 
• 
• 
• 

After the Fair, listen in as a panel of ~sionaIs from dlffert!nt nonprofit 
organizationS discuss the nature of their jobs, share their experiences, 
and offer Insights into the rewards and challenges of nonprofit work. 

'/, , I I r filii ' ~)' I r \ \' I " r) r j • ,. " , i, 1 \ 

__ Career SerVlce\ (('ntl" I I I • I' I I I " ' ~ 

MONO\Y, MAY II, 2006 

Soldiers Get Reconnected to 
Family Members Old and New 

• VIC, from paae 6 
"Oae pll'llcL 'I cIon't bow wIut 

I'm lOins to talk Ibout,- D'AouIt 
said, explaininS that she wu ner-
vous &0 talk to ber hulband for 
the first time since their separation. 
When he checked on her later in 
the seasion, "she was goinl a mile 
a minute" 

O'Aou.t told another story when 
several military wives were due to 
give birth shortly after their hus-
bands were deployed last year. Now 
they're .ble to brinl In their infant 

ch.IIdren for their btubaocb to _. 
The VTC pnI8I'IID currady .... 

two of aIx a¥IiJIbIe satellite upIInb. 
the tint ItIrtiII8 at • LIIL IIId the sec-
ond at 8: IS LIIL Aa:ordina to O'ADuIt, 
they continue to run throuJhout die 
day In parallel, ItIgaed by IS mIn-
utea. CoonIinaton hope to e¥eDtu-
ally \lie aU aIx upIinb 10 that they 
can hOlt the muimum number of 
famiIift. 

AI of April 29, the VTC IeIsioDI 
have cODlleCted over 100 families 
with their Joved ones In Iraq. 

cue Do\I.E/CUMDIAAI 
.,...,MdIIIIn ......... IIIIrII_cMhnGrafllrlnCllldAillltl.....,a~ ..... ",iiidIig 
....... "'" Iuband. SlillSfIt- (lIad 1IIdI-. wIIa if ~ inAl-Aal,Iraq. 

Programming ~opes to Bring 
Beer Garden' to Sun God Lawn 

• PIlOGRAMMING, from page 7 
Pull. 

But the office'. events are not 
Hmited to musical concerti. 

Poet and novelist Maya Anselou 
ped RIMAe'. platform on May 8, 
an event that NIUIted from a c:oUab-
ontioa betweea CommiuIoner of 
Divenity Allain Canclice Arnwine 
Uld A_S. proaraIIIJIlins. 

Lut year, A.S. PfOII'ammiJll 
boobd comedian Dave .Chappelle. 

RiIhi Shah, who wu commil· 
loner Iaat year, made cbanaes to the 
progrunmIqs office and the respon-
abilities helcl within. Rather than 
deviains spedfic duttea for the com· 
miuioner and for the festivals coor· 
dinator. the duties were blurred to 
.now more collJboration between 
memben. 

While In office, Shah and hi' 
office booked Jimmy Eat World, 
KRS-One, Phantom Planet, LudacriI 
and the Killen throupout the 
course of the ~ar. 

AJ for the redundancy of Kweli's 
second appearance. Morris said it 
was a ·colncidentar' occurrence. 

"We _ needed IOmebody that 
would appeal to hlp-hop fana that 
are into underlrouod hip-hop: 
Morrla said. "It jU8t 10 happened 
that It wu alJordIbIe. but at the 
same time. he's a very sood utlJt." 

Last year. programminS scanned 
atudent 1.0. carda before a1JowinS 
student, to enter RlMAC Field for 
the Sun God concert. What ensued 
was a delay of 1001 Iina. 

Serocke said that thJs approach 
. wu adopted to ensure that U~D 
Ituden.. were attendinl the con-
cert. The ICaJUlinS wu IIao UJed 

as I tool to detnmlne the demo-
IfIIPbica iii coacert·po, to _ if 
marketinl Itrategiea IIIre posttrins 
are effidently publiciziDs rven .. to 
student&, accordiD& to Serocke. He 
IIao noted that 1.0. lCIIlDini Jut 
year was a "trial period.- and that 
the proc:eaa bas been more refined 
thia Yell'. 

Morris' main soaI In hil pro-
grumninJ asenda. ulde from ... 
tinS Iclal banda, was to aUow the 
younger, more 1naperIen«d mem-
ben of the office to participate in 
the bookins proceN, he seid. 

"[Morrll) baa been really encour-
aslns of everyone on his staff and 
open to all of our idea,- Auistant 
Prosrammer Di Lam stated In an e-
mail_ "I have definitely pined from 
this and I feel like he baa really 
prepared me for what to expect next 
year" 

Lam, who will step up as pro-
IfIIDIIlinI commiuioner next year, 
faQn numerous ~alleases In her 
prolrammlnl Ipnda. Indudlna 
the task of sIIJIInI .tudent musi-
cal preferences and improviDS Itu-
deot atteadance at festival COIlcefb. 
She IIao hopes to execute -Thank 
Goodness It's Prlday: an CftDt that 
was Initiated by Morria but put In 
hiatus until funda are a .. llable_ 
TGIF will feature a beer garden and 
a live band performance on Sun 
God lawn two Fridays per quarter. 

Whether student. are .adIftecl 
by the banda or oot, Sun God hu 
rttained ita popularity. 

.. know most people lI'eIl't very 
-happy about It, but I wuuId So no 
matter what: John Mail' CoOese 
junior Tiffany Pord said. 

THE UCSO GuAIIDIAN 

• Over 1,200 day and evening courses 
to choose from 

• No formal admission to CSULB required 
• Earn units toward your degree 

Three SDlDlller Sesslons: 
Session 1. .............. May 30-July 7 
Session 2 ........ , ..... June 19-July 28 
Session 3 ............ July to-August 18 

Call: (BOO) 963-22SO ext. 60001 
for more lDformatioD. 

It's not too IIIte 
- to reglsterl 

www.uces.c5ulb.edu/openu 
email: openu@Uces.cs~b.edu 

.Ul3::l.~ 

Ow.,,1ew 01 ' .... 1 

C 'XI _Sllle1Jal .. ." ........ 

Sea World Adventure Park San Diego 
is currently looking for 

Tour Guides 

FOCUS 9 

• Educ.atea park gum., school lJUupI. camp partici-
pants, and priVlllc: panics about nwine animaJ infor-
maQon at animal exhibits throughout the pm. 

• Maintains and enf~ the safety of the park guesu 
and marine animab at exhibits throughout the paIk . 

• Prn10us WOB or volunteer experience in camps. mu-
8eUIIII, classrooms or other informal educational set· 
rings preferred. 

Prete ....... iIdDs .... Edac!adcnu 
• Good public speaker: comfonable in front of Jarge 

gI'OUpI. 

• MIIIt be at least 18 yean of age. haYe a high school 
diploma and/or equivalent; and pass a pre-employ-
ment written test and microphone assessment. 

• MIIIt have • valid California driver's license and 12 or 
more unitl of college crediu are preferred. 
V'uit .... w ..... jtIr."'*'iIMI ... i p', tllItU,.,..,.. 

Apply In penon: Sea World Employment Center 
500 Sea World Drive, San Diego. CA 92109 

Hours of 0peqtI0n: Monday-Frlday 9 a.m. -5 p.m. 
Office: (619) 22e-JI42 web sJte:SHWOf'Idjobs.com 

We BeHne In You. 
s.. Jffriiis_EqwI ~~ 

One Large One topping Pizza 

$7.99 Buy One, Get One I I FREE : a-......,_. IIIIINryCllllle .... """ ........ 11_ 
...................... .,. ......... _ .... 1IIIe I =-.............. --.. ~ .... -.... I .... ,., ..... at _ . Umltelllllllwwy _ -DIIhefy a..-

.,... ........... 11111 ........ _.,....~ .... .. 
....... _ta ... .,Il.c...,P.-.. · ...... .... 

...... UIID/II. 
IM_ ..,.Nat ¥IId.II.., atller"". CuIl_ .... .,. ......,.1 I .... ta. *III..,. II) COunIJ p. JDIwI'. PllllII-. I 

........ U/IO/OI. 

TWO LARGE I 
Two Topping $18.98: 

I PIZZAS I 
I limited...., - -DIIMrJ et.t-Mlr"' ........ 11_' 

Nat VIIIIwll.,. ........ c......,. .............. , 
I \-.t ..., IIID c:..., ' • .IaIII', PIIIa-' 

~ 

EBmup to $14/11r. (hourty + tips) 
W • ...,.., .......... • ... UIC 

4130 La JoIII VIII ... DrIve II. ' •• 1.1 



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Hard working, respectful female, no. 
2-ranked outstanding high school 
junior. Wishes to learn and work in 
a UCSD science lab doing medical 
research this summer. Will PAY FOR 
MENTORING. References available. 
Contact Joni, 619-464-8899. (5/15) 

THE UCSD GUAlOIIIN . 

TuE~ 
CLASSIFIEDS 

1M UCSD GuatdIon __ tM right to ct.SIify, edit, deIeW oIJensiw woods and pharses, 
and/or refu~ any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Adwrtiser win not 
hold the Guardidn liable for any claims ~ultlng from the publication of tM advertisement. 
The publlftr will also not ~ held accountable for ..y cI .... from an II!I'ftIlM!"t made 
between the iKM!nlser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the rlelC! 

r~ular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only ~ 
given fO< the Inc?rrect portion of the advertlS«nent. lNte are no rofunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 ..... 20-* 
Faculty .. StMf: $7.50 ..... 10-* 

All others: $U ..... 20 ... 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$21 •• per column inch 
DeiI6Ies: NEW BIOLOGY NON MAJORS COURSE 

by Prof. Mel Green (BllD 84) Frontiers 
in Biomedicine is sure to please! MWF 
10-11am Summer Session'1. (5111) 

....... MfHI .. corNSpOIICIence ......... CIasIftedI to: Pub. Oote DIspIoy Ads Une Ads 
UCSO Gu.""', Ann: ClMIIftecII. 9500 G ...... DrIve to'l6, 1.11 w.. CA '201'. ..... 4 ..... '**1... 4 ..... MOfIl ... 
Actu.IIocatIon: 5tude11t c.nt .. A. Room 117. Thun. 4 ..... TH1... 4 ..... ntl ... 

email: adsucsd8u~rd~n@yihoo.com • Ciassifieds online at www.ucsdsuardian.org 

EMPLOYMENT 

Summer Day Camps - LA. Area. 
Swimming. horses,sports, arts and crafts, 
beaches, ropes courses, and much more 
www.da).campjobs.com. (5130) 

Rewarding Summer Jobs- LA. Area. 
Gain valuable experience while work· 
Ing with children In a variety of fun set-
tings www.daycampjobs.com. (5/30) 

Male Summer Day Camp Counselors 
Needed! Stay here in San Diego; 
Drive a camp van to and from camp 
in Rancho Penasquitos Oust east of 
Carmel Valley). Make a difference in 
the life of a child! 858-487-6000, www. 

CustfllMt Stllft/Senl~ 

SUMMER 
WORK 

Pay starting at 
$1725 "H/Appt 
Flexible schedules, will 
train, conditions apply, 
no expo req., all. majors. 
Openings in La Jolla. 

Apply at 
www.workforsrudenrs.com 

760-942-1223 

outpostsummercamps.com (5130) 

Day Camps - San Fernando I Conejo 
Valleys. Counselors, lifeguards, Gym, 
Fishing. Canoeing. Horseback Riding. 
Music, Drama, More. $3000-$3600+ 1 
summer. 888-784-CAMP. www.workat· 
carnp.com (5/8) 

Part-time dog \Yalker. Reliable, flexible, 
have transportation and auto insur· 
ance. See web site www.sandyspetcare. 
com or email me at sandrahilllOO@lao1. 
corn. (5111) 

Part time waitress or waiter for: 
Mon.-Sat. Night shift, 4:15-9:15; day 

,-----------

: BRENDA ADAMS: 
: at ALEX'S SALON : 

:50 I 
:OFF* 
I 'HI' I nllt.rcut, "'8· $40 
I * Up do or Makeup, "'8. $4S 
I *CoJoror Foil HiLites,r<'j. ~5 I ond up 

."~."'." I c •• , •• ,./lI.'tII 'm • .. ". 
I 8915 Towne Center Drive 
I San Diego, CA 92122 I 
~ __ '~~!.2.!.~~! __ I 

Volunteers Needed for 
Sleep Studies 
Volunteers are needed for Studies being conducted at the 

Veterans Affairs Medical Center in La Jolla 
The research studies consist of several appointments that 

may incIucM: 
¢ Medical and psychological screening appointment 
¢ Napping studies 
¢ Possible sleep or sleep deprivation studies 
¢ Functional Magnetic Raaonance Imaging (FMRII8C8na 

Subjectl needed betrJlIn the ages of 18-39 
If you are in good health and have no sleep problems, 

you may qualify 
.. IIIBII ... C ...... II 

fir ................ _ ........... ? .r 
tr (858J 642-3965 or (858J 642-3219 

shift 10:30-2:30. MATSUGAWA, Fine 
Japanese dining in Del Mar downtown! 
858·692-11 SO (Angle, Gen Manager), 
858-204-4831 (Justin). (5111) 

Salesclerk positions open for local 
flower shop. Also drivers needed for • 
Mother's Day holiday. Call ~58-622-
9999 for details. (5/8) 

Seeking 2 outgoing individuals for a 
hookah lounge, downtown. To wort< 
late nights, part-time, weekends also. 
Contact tlffanie@fumari.com (5/8) 

Fun part time event and game staff 
needed. Interactive game rental com-
pany for corporate parties and events. 
Fun working environment, will train. 
858-622-6613 www.partypals.com 
(618) 

Part time to demonstrate new mobile 
phone messaging application to 
(JCSD students. Excellent communica-
tion skills required. Send resume to 
S@Onetouchstar.com. (5111) 

FOR RENT 

3,4, 5-bedroom house/townhouseS' for 
rent near UCSO. Available July. 2-car 
garage, washer Idryer and appliances. 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 Slu88lsh 
" Off-road rides 
10 Herrlngllke food fish 
14 IIlrchbark v ...... 1 
15 Londoner 
16 Wan 
17 Bulbous vegetable 
111 Umpire's pocketful 
20 'I(ojak' star 
22 Debtor's chit 
23 Abbr. on many cameras 
24 Militarize 
27 Pungency 
32 'Respect' ·ful name? 
34 fury 

comnullty pool Cau James 858-354-
2106 or email jamesleen!ntalsOsbcglo 
balnet (5111) 

Ught and bright 2-bed 2~ condo on 
La Jolla VIIage Dr. Walking distance to 
UCSD, Susan at ~204-7295. (S/15) 

4-bedroom ($2750) and 3-bedroom 
($2350) condos available late June. 3-
bedroomcondoavalabieSept 1 ($2450). 
Cal Coma 85&454-6462. (5122) 

FOR SALE 

Prime rooftop location, lbr/lba 
condo. Private, pool view, light and 
bright, vaulted ceilings and skylights. 
2-car garage. $324-$359K. 760-458-
0797. (5/8) 

WANTED 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000-$15000 for qualified, 
responsible applicants. All ethnic 
backgrounds welcome. Special Need 
for Jewish, ASian, and East Indian 
donors. Close personal support by 
experienced donor. Call Dawn @951-
696-7466. Full info at www.fertilityal-
ternatives.com (6/8) 

35 "The KI"llnd I' star 
37 Pickle picks 
40 Adress Charlotte 
41 Messy eaters 
42 DIers voice on 'South Plrk' 
4S _ -Iaolal 
46 Friend of Pooh 
47 Ceylon today 
SO Former draft org. 
51 Significant period 
51 Motown 
54 Ex-governor of Minnesota 
60 City bombed W45 
63 Frasier Crane's brother 
64 Singles 
6S latopek or Jannlnp 

MONDAY, MAy 8, 2006 

Volunteers paid $45 for an Interview. If 
you are entirely fA Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26, call 
552-8585 ex. 5590. (618) 

SERVICES 

Hard woricilg high school junior WIll 
PAY FOR SUMMER MENTORING in med-
lcallab. See the ad In Announcements. 
(5/15) 

$300 OFF! Get LASlK by the finest pr0-
fessionals at UCSD's Shiley Eye Center. 
Call by the end of this spring quarter 
and receIYe $300 off the cost of your 
procedure. What a great ~ to face 
your bright future! 8n- 921-EYES.(6I8) 

Tennis @ Noon - lJSPTR Instructor win 
meet you at the Mt* Courts for a 45 
min. lesson II'ry time between 11-2. M-
E UCSD special: 1 or 2 players $20. Call 
61~787-5475 (5/2n 

Marketing Dlrector/Freelance pr0d-
uct designer seeks fresh projects and 
rewarding opportunities. My office 
or yours. ~ passport. WIll travel. 
Strategy4marketlng@sbcglobal.net. 
858.453.2809. (SIS) 

Got Stress? Acupuncture group rates 
available In Mission Bay and North 
County offlces. VIsit acupuncturegroup-
sessions.com or ca11858-27~3834. (518) 

PERSONALS 

ADMAN'S MOVIE TRIVIA: Here is the 
answer, perfectly worded from Rayna: 
'Amy Poehler, the actress who plays 
Rachel McAdams'mother in 'Mean Girts' 
Is only five years older than Rachel' 
Sadly, Rayna's bid for Guardian fame 
and fortune was crushed by Steve, wtio 
answered 3 hours earlier. (518) 

Sound off! UC5D sports fans visit 
www.tritonfans.com (5/15) 

66 Hoover competitor 
67 Gawk 
68 Folk wisdom 
69 Calls for 

DOWN 
1 Dundee fellow 
2 I(ent's love 
3 Indigodye 
4 Settle cIownl 
5 School in Gambier, OH 
6 ·S.O.S.' group 
7 Detective McGee, for short 
8 Travel slamps 
9 Astral 
10 Hot tubs 
11 Actor linden 
12 _ of the above 
13 _ Plaines, IL 
19 Bonds and Levinson 
21 Chop _ 
24 When docks strike twelve 
2S African antelope 
26 Actress Mason 
27 Neatens 
28 Gets up 
29 Passes on 
30 I(oran chapter 
31 Bumps off 
13 Pic blowup 
36 Tavern mpIe 
38 Buddhist Thai 
39 Rock debris 
43 Melville bIosrapher Parker 
44 Lateral .,.r1 
411 John of the Beatie. 
49 Appiorel 
52 Honda's robot 
54 Feliciano or Canseco 
55 Abu Dhabi ruler 
56 Crooner Jerry 
57 Title role for Peler Fonda 
sa Mailroom stamp abbr. 
59 Pops a question 
60 Table tyrant . 
61 Actress Claire 
62 Elected off. 

Find c:nawOId 6r toIullons •• 
www • .....,.,.....orr/crosswoni 

MONDAY, MAY 8, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

. Baseball to Play for Second-Straight Title 
• BASEBALL, from page 1 2 
to his spot in the batting order. He 
recently moved up to bat second, in 
front of sophomore designated hit-
ter Scott Cement and junior catcher 
David Morehead. 

"Where I'm hitting in the lineup, 
I'm just trying to get on base and ... 
put the ball in plaY, Cantele said. "I've 
got two guys behind me that can sup-
ply the power if I don't, so I don't feel 
the pressure to hit the ball out." 

Though he might not have felt the 
pressure in the first game of a double-
header on May 6, Cantele decided to 
put one over the fence anyway, as his 
solo shot in the bottom of the first 
inning put the Tritons up 1-0 and 
they never looked back. The dinger 
was Cantele's 13th of the year. 

OANAI LEININGEIVCUARDMN 
Junior second baseman John Roth Iactd an RBI IIiple in 1M sixth inning to odd to 1M Tritons' 
lead against Cal Stale Moom-eu Ball on MIlIJ 'To tending UCSD to 1M OOU toI/mament. 

UCSD went on to win the game 9-
2 and continued the offensive barrage 
in the second game of the double-
header with a 10· 1 win. Like Cantele 
in the first game, Clement hit a solo 
jack in the first 

to honor seniors, it was the influx of 
freshman talent that propelled the 
Tritons into CCM title contention. 
However, junior pitcher Michael 
Kearney dispelled the idea of "young 

p1ayers~ 
inning to give 
the Tritons an 
early lead that 
they never gave 
up. 

The second 
win of the day 
clinched the 
playoff berth for 
the Tritons, mak-
ing their May 7 
matchup in the 
season and series 
finale unimport-
ant. The Tritons 
honored their 
seniors in the last 
game, bringing 
in some players 
who have seen 
limited playing 

"We don't 
really have any 
young guys 
on our team," 
Kearney said. 
"We expect 
everybody to be 
veterans. All the 
young guys have 
done a good 
job to step up. 
They're playing 
well and we're 
hot right now." 

t ve already played 
an the teams that 
wire going to play 

in this tournament I 
think we have a pretty 

good idea of what 
they do and what they 

don't do?' While they are riding a 
win streak right 

- Michael Kearney, now, the Tritons 
Junior Pitcher will have to 

play even better 

time. Even with less experience out 
on the field, UCSD held off a late 
threat from the Otters and went on 
to win 9-6. 

against the top 
teams in the lournanlent. Kearney, 
however, is not worried about the 
upcoming challenge. 

"We've already played all the 
teams that we're going to play in this Though the finale was designed 

tournament,M he said. "I think we have 
a pretty good idea of what they do 
and what they don't do. We're going to 
keep our game plan and just do what 
we do. We're just going to go out, play 
good baseball and play our hardest 
and win." 

Like Kearney. O'Brien does not 
put too much thought on the Tritons' 
upcoming opponents, instead believ-
ing thaI his team controls its own 
destiny. 

"I think we feel good about any 
matchup, not only in the conference 
tournament but even at the next level;' 
he said. "Our guys are playing with a 
lot of confidence and our opponent 
remains nameless and faceless. We 
just continue to try and play the best 
baseball we can. We don't really focus 
on who we're playing as much as how 
well we're doing our job." 

O'Brien also said he was debating 
who to start in the opening game 
of the CCAA tournament against 
Cal State Los Angeles. Although he 
admitted that the final decision was 
not yet made, O'Brien said he was 
leaning toward senior southpaw Jose 
Navarro because of his experience 
starting UCSD's last three CCAA 
tournament opening round games. 

USE 

Depressed? 
the 

GUARDIAN 
to 

GRAB 
Sleeping Too Much? 

Not Enjoying Life? 
If you are between the ages of 18 and 65 and have not responded 
to treatment for depression, you may be eligible to participate in a 
clinical research study of an investigational medication. 

Qualified participants may receive study-related evaluations, 
medical care, research medication and laboratory work - at no cost. 

All telephone calls and visits are confidenrial and safely conducted 
under the supervision of experienced physicians and research 
specialists. 

To learn more, please call the Sharp Mesa Vista CLinical Research 
Center at (858) 694-8350. 

Clinical 
Research Center 
crJ A un Mesa Vista 

~. Hospital 

MII50A Cl2006 SHe 

a coupon_ .. 

FIND 
ajol .... 

SPORTS 11 

Softball's Season Comes 
to a Close Before Playoffs 

• SOABALL, from page 12 
until the bottom of the sixth . 
In the sixth, the Gators scored twice 
on two hits off of freshman Lauren 
Chastain 10 take a 3-2 lead. The Tritons 
were unable to come from behind in 
the seventh and fell by one run. 

Prior to the doubleheader in San 
Francisco, the Tritons traveled to 
Sonoma State, splitting the pair of 
games by dropping the fust 4-2 and 
winning the second 10-8. 

Though game one saw both 
teams racking up 20 hits, runs were 
hard to come by until late in the 
game. Going into the fifth inning, 
the score remained at a I-I standstill. 
The Tritons broke the stalemate in the 
top of the sixth, scoring the go-ahead 
run to lead the 5eawolves 2-1. Sonoma 
State fired back quickJy, producing 
three runs of its own, bringing the 
tally to 4-2. The Seawolves would go 
on to win the bout by the same score. 

Ward took. the loss, giving up four 
runs on 12 hits, while walking one and 

striking out two batters. 
The second game of the day 

quickly became a scoring spree for 
each team. UCSD launched the game 
off to a breakneck pace, scoring six 
unearned runs in the first inning. 
After a two-run homer off of 
Chastain, the Seawolves were on the 
board as well, trailing the Tritons 6·2. 
The Tritons continued to cruise going 
into the fifth inning, leading 10-3. 
Sonoma Stale gave one last run for 
the money, putting five runs up il) 
the sixth, bringing the score to 10·8, 
but the team could not muster up any 
more runs and fell to UCSD. 

Chastain was awarded the win, 
giving up six runs on seven ruts with 
two walks and six strikeouts. 

The Tritons finished up the sea-
son with a 24-28 overall record, 10· 
18 in California Collegiate Athlelic 
Association play, and will look for a 
better finish when they return with 
plenty of talented young players next 
year. 

UCSD Men's Tennis Ready to 
Face No.5 Lynn University 

• TENNIS, frpm page 12 
self, but this time he had the advantage 
of knowing his opponent. 

"I've played Andy a number of 
times since high school:' said Meister 
of his opponent, Andy Muesse, in the 
No. 3 singles match. "It came down to 
the third set and I was really able to 
take the coaches' advice from doubles 
play in this match." 

Meister ultimately rose above 
Muesse, dominating 6-2, 6-0. 

With a 14·9 overall record in the 
season, the Tritons now must move 
their attention toward the Sweet 16 
competition, which is sure to give 

them more difficulty th.an the early 
matchup against Sonoma State. This 
is the third -straight year the Tritons 
have made nationals, with last year's 
quarterfinals being the furthest they've 
gone in the tournament. 

"We have a tough road ahead and a 
lot. more work to do," Thondapu said. 
"If we play well and every team mem-
ber is strong mentally for every point, 
we give ourselves a good shot to go far. 
Lynn or Southern Florida will be tough 
to beat, but I think they feel the same 
way about us. Every match will be a 
dogfight, so whoever pulls out their 
best tennis will prevail." 

737 Turquoise St' r Pacific Beach 
E·MAIL: bou/.voraautoOsan.rr.com _.bouI,_deoo4ornolhe.oom r-----lOlL CHANGE 1.-----
------, $ 9 99 ::'. fee$4.99 I 

1ndudoo .;l ..... ''''_lqll ..... oI. 
"'-col.. . . _ Con ond 
I9otTnod.. W'tc.:...,.'v.; .. 6/3IJ10l. 

------.1 FREE TOWING IN PH OR LA JOLLA 
.. 



12 THE~GUARDIAN ~iOTCORNER Matt Cantele 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael Entun 
sports@ucsdguardian.org SPORTS Baseball The freshman first baseman led the Tritons to a playoff berth with a sweep of CSUMB, in which he went 6-for-18 with five runs, six RBIs and 3 homers. 

MONDAY, MAY 8,2006 

Tritons Drown Otters In Four-Game Sweep Tritons Leave 
Hearts In San 
Francisco In 
Final Series 

• DANAI LEININGER/GUARDIAN 

By Lauren Kato 
STAFF WRITER 

The UCSD softball team saw its 
2006 season come to an end after two 
narrow losses against San Francisco 
State on May 6. Playing for the chance 
to move on to the NCAA Division-
II Regionals, the No. 20 Gators 
defeated the Tritons 1-0 in game one, 
and by a 3-2 margin in game two. 
Coming into the games, the Tritons 
were excited for the chance to play a 
formidable team with their postseason 
hopes on the line; however, the results 
might have led to a change of heart. 

"I'm really excited for our games 
this weekend;' senior outfielder Jenny 
Spencer said before the road trip. "I 
know that our momentum will carry 
through to this weekend." 

Though the Tritons marched into 
the weekend with high hopes, their 
momentum was not enough to propel 
them into the postseason. To remain 
in contention for the NCAA Division-
II Regionals, the Tritons would have 
had to win both games against San 
Francisco State. 

Cal State Monterey Bay's Nick Dianda stands incredulously after watching a third strikejrom Triton senior pitcher Ryan Leake in UCSD'sjinlJl game o/a series against the Otters. 
Game one was marked by a stel-

lar performance by sophomore pitcher 
Melissa Ward, who gave up only one 
run on three hits. Ward walked only 
one batter while striking out six and 
fell to 14-13 on the season. 

By Rae! Enteen 
SPORTS EDITOR 

With four wins over Cal State 
Monterey Bay from May 5 through 
7, the UCSD baseball team closed out 
the regular season with eight -straight 
wins, clinching one of four spots 
to play in the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association tournament. The 
Tritons will face Cal State Los Angeles 
in the first game of the playoffs on 
May 11, the winner advancing to the 
championship game with an auto-
matic bid to the Division-II NCAA 
Tournament on the line. 

Before the series, the Tritons were 
not in a great position to earn a 
berth in the CCAA tournament, as 
they were in seventh place with only 
two four-game series left to make 
a comeback. But the Tritons swept 
the two series against San Francisco 
State and the Monterey Bay Otters, 

lifting them into second place in the 
league and giving them the chance. 
to take on the top team in the league 
this season. The Tritons have held 
their own against the Golden Eagles, 
bouncing back from an early season 
loss in a nonconference game to take 
three out of four games in a series 
March 9 through 12, when Cal State 
Los Angeles was the No. 7 team in 
D-JI baseball. 

Though they proved they could 
hang with the Golden Eagles earlier 
in the year, the Tritons' eight-straight 
wins to end the year came off much 
lesser competition. UCSD got its 
first four-straight wins against San 
Francisco State, which fmished ninth 
in the CCAA, and the next four in 
the weekend series against Cal State 
Monterey Bay, the last-placed team in 
the league. 

Although the competition was not 
the best, the Tritons still had the pres-

sure of clinching a playoff spot and 
needed clutch play from the experi-
enced seniors and the energetic fresh-
men to pull off the sweep. 

In the first game on May 5, it was 
UCSD's freshman first baseman phe-
nom Matt CanteJe, who propelled the 
Tritons to victory, as his second home 
run of the day, a two-out walk-off 
shot, gave the Tritons a 5-4 win in the 
ninth inning. 

According to head coach Dan 
O'Brien, Cantele's development this 
year has been fun to watch. 

"J think he's a good example of a 
lot of guys on our team;' O'Brien said. 
"He's just continued to get better as 
the year has goes on. We start early 
in the fall and we work very hard. 
And its a long process and what you 
ultimately want is for everyone to be 
playing their best baseball in early 
May, which is exactly what Cantele 
and the rest of the team have:' 

Cantele was the spark behind the 
Triton offense all day, going 3-for-S 
with two runs and four RBis. His RBI 
double in the first inning gave the 
Tritons a 1-0 lead and his two-run 
home run in the fifth broke a 2-2 tie. 
However, the Tritons' 4-2 lead would 
not last, as Monterey Bay got within 
one run in the . sixth and tied the 
game at the top of the ninth on Nick 
Zaballos' solo homer. 

A loss to the Otters would have 
put a damper on the rest of the series, 
putting UCSD's playoff hopes in even 
more jeopardy. However, Cantele's 
heroics in the bottom of the ninth gave 
the Tritons the much-needed win. His 
home run was the 55th UCSD dinger 
of the year, breaking the record of 54 
act in 1987. 

Cantele said his home run hitting 
approach, or lack thereof, was due 

[ BASEBALL, page II 1 

The Triton defense remained solid 
until late in the game, when the Gators 
scored their game-winning run in the 
bottom half of the seventh. 

Junior second baseman Dallas 
Hernandez and sophomores shortstop 
Elizabeth Vazquez and third baseman 
Jenny Maze each had one hit for the 
Tritons. 

Determined to battle against a shut-
out in game two, the Tritons leapt to an 
early lead, scoring one run on two hits 
in the second inning. San Francisco 
immediately answered with a run of its 
own in the bottom half. 

An RBI ground out by sopho-
more infielder Danielle Lukk scored 
a runner in the third to give the 
Tritons the 2-1 lead, which remained 

[ SOFTBALL, page II 1 

Tennis Rips Through SonOIna State En Route to Sweet 16 
By Nicky Buchanan 

STAFF WRITER 

The No. 18 UCSD men's tennis 
team was quick on its feet May 6 on 
its home turf. The team delivered a 5-0 
win over Sonoma State to advance to 
the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Division-II 
Men's Tennis Championships. With the 
win, the Tritons will have the chance to 
advance again with a matchup against 
No. 5 Lynn University on May 10 in 
Kansas City, Mo. 

"All of us were faidy confident 
because we ha~ already beat Sonoma 
twice this year~ sophomore Ramesh 
Thondapu said. "However, last time we 
played them, they competed very well 
and gave us a tough match so we knew 
we had to be focused and bring inten-
sity and determination to win:' 

The Tritons jumped to an early 3-0 
lead heading into the singles matches, 
a position the Tritons are used to, given 
the regular dominance of their doubles 
teams. 

"Our team is a very tough doubles 
tearn~ Thondapu said. "We know that 
if we bring energy to the doubles and 
get out on top early then that transfen 
over to the singles and we just keep on 

roUing:' 
In the No. 1 doubles spot, sopho-

more Blake Meister and senior Erik 
Oijal.a paired up against Sonoma's 
Westley Keister and Andy Laing and 
pulled off an 8-6 victory in the match. 

"We came out and broke to a 4-
1 lead, but the momentum slowed 
and they got the next four~ Meister 
said. "But our coach [Eric SteidlmayerJ 
helped us get better concentration 
rather than trying to force things and 
we came back." 

Seniors Brent Molden and Steven 
Oechel combined for an easy 8-2 win 
in the No. 2 seed, while teammates, 
sophomore Eric Rubens and freshman 
Kazumi Negishi, held down the No.3 
spot with another 8-6 victory. 

"SSU would've really had to have a 
great day to beat us after we took the 
three doubles matches;' Oijala said. 
"It was all pretty much over from that 
point:' 

All of the singles matches ended 
with a Triton in the lead, with the 
exception of Negishi, who was behind 
Sonoma State's Miguel Camino in the 
No. 5 matchup. Meister was his usual 

[ TENNIS, page 11 1 

-----.. ---~ -

ClIle DAlE/GUAItDIAN 
Senior Erik Ojjala teamed up with sophomore Blah MNkr' in OM olUCSD's thrw doubles wins OWl' Sonoma State in the 7Wtont'Jirst f1G1Re 
01 the Division-II NCM Championships on May 6. '1?Ie Tritons went on to win the maIdIS-D to acIvaner to the nat I"I1IIIIII 011_ 10. 


