
THIS GUY TALKS ABOUT THE BEATLES FOR A LIVING ~ FOCUS, PAGE 6 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www. ucsdguardian. org MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

BOARD 
SUSPENDS 

ORGS'EVENT 
FUNDING 

Unclear bylaw forces 
funding group to pass 
on financial decisions 
to A.S. Council. 

By Yasha Sharma 
STAFF WRITER 

Tbe Student Organization Funding 
Advisory Board, which allocates 
activity-fee money to student groups, 
rejected funding for the cultural 
shows of three campuswide student 
organizations last week. 

The organizations - Sangam, 
the South Asian awareness organi-
zation, Kaibigang Pilipino and the 
Vietnamese Student Association -
will appeal to the A.S. frnancial com-
mittee on March 8. 

SOFAB Senator Conrad Ohashi 
said that the board did not give the 
organizations funding for their off-
campus events because of an A.S. 
financial bylaw barring funding of 
events based on location. 

Instead of recommending suspen-
sion of the bylaw, the board decided 
to pass on the decision to the A.S. 
Council. The board set aside money 
for an appeals process in case the 
council overturns the SOFAB decision, 
Ohashi said. 

According to the A.S. financial 
bylaw, funding is forbidden for "any 
event happening off campus that does 
not pertain to the purpose of the orga-
nization' unless by underwrite:' 

The bylaw's ambiguity and the 
magnitude of funding forced SOFAB 
members to delegate responsibility 
of organization funding to a higber 
power. 

"Tbe board felt they should leave 
the decision to A.S. Council, espe-
cially considering that the combined 
funding request total for KP, VSA and 
Sangam was 559,478 ... a quarter of 
all the funds SOFAB has to work with 
for the year," A.S. Vice President Greg 
Murphy stated in an e-mail. 

However, Sangam President Kelly 
Vasant called the SOFAB vote a "slap 
in the f~ce," and said that it would 
be impossible for her to accommo-
date the annual l,200-person audi-
ence with on-campus venues such as 
Mandeville Auditorium, or to be able 
to show 12 acts without curtains and 
adequate dressing room facilities in 
RlMAC Arena. 

"[We have) been funded twice off 
campus and now we're an annual 
event," she said. "I don't see how this 
decision was even reached in the first 
place. This should have been the easi-
est decision." 

SOFAB interpreted the bylaw 
incorrectly, since Sangam's cultural 

[ SOFAI, page 3 1 

UCSD, La Jolla Made Friction From Start 

BillY WONG/GUARD IAN 
The campus was established near ubon and Nobel Drives (PiClured) at the height of the civil rights era, spawning a liberal university philosophy within an ideologirolly oonseroative San Diego. 

University's birth 
fueled clash between 
a stodgy community 
and free-thinkers. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

The California economy was booming. The University of California's budget had a large 
surplus. The college system needed to 

find a way to educate an influx of baby 
boomers. The time was ripe. 

So for,mer UC President Clark 
Kerr decided to expand the UC sys-
tem in the 195Os, giving birth to three 
new campuses, one of which was a 
relatively small university in a sleepy 
Navy town called San Diego. 

Against the Odds 
"Imagine there being no central 

library, no Price Center, no six col-
leges;' said former Revelle College 

Provost F. Thomas Bond, who joined 
the UCSD faculty in 1967 and retired 
in 2002. "The whole campus then 
being what is the southwest part of the 
campus right now' 

Oceanographer Roger Revelle 
spearheaded the initial effort, which 
was not without its sbare of obsta-
cles. The UC Board of Regents dis-
cussed making the university merely 
an extension of UCLA, one of the 
system's flagship colleges at the time. 
Revelle's struggles continued in acquir-

ing land for the campus, which pitted 
him against Jonas Salk, whose alk 
Institute already owned some of La 
Jolla and Torrey Pines. But land dona-
tions from early bent;factors pushed 
the campus' fonnation ahead, includ-
ing a discounted sale of 170 acres by the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography to 
the university, according to Assistant 
Vice Chancellor of Campus Planning 
Jeffrey A. Steindorf. 

[ UCSD, page 6 1 

Boarders and Bikers Beware, UCSD Police Clamping Down 

. BEN DECAMP/GUARDIAN 
UCSD police oJfi«rs Edward Garcio and Robm SJIto iJsue a citatioh to economics 
graduate student Adam Sa'liur;o for riding a bicycle on Library Walk. 

SPORTS 

Fast Out of the Gates 

Cops now using 
warnings and tickets to 
enforce no-riding rule 
in several campus 
areas. 

By Grace Wu 
STAFF WRITER 

Thurgood Marshall College senior 
Alaina Guevara thought it would be 
frne to ride her bike on Library Walk 
one Friday afternoon. Then the cam-
pus police stopped her, recorded her 
name and took her photograph. 

The routine was Guevara's first 
warning, and part of UCSD police's 
specialized enforcement against bike-
and skateboard-riding on several 
parts of campus. 

While tbe department is assigning 
police officers to ·bar bicyclists and 
skateboarders from riding in all areas 
with heavy foot traffic between 10 
a.m. and 2 p.m., most patrolling has 
been concentrated on Library Walk 
and Price Center. 

The new enforcement began 
recently because of a large number 

of complaints from the campus com-
munity about skateboarders and 
bicyclists in particular. 

"Bicyclists and skaters are nearly 
striking pedestrians, causing them 
alarm and they want to see it enforced 
more," Cpl. Kristeen McCollough 
said. 'When we get the community 
complaining about something, it 
needs to be addressed." 

If campus police stop students 
like Guevara a second time, the stu-
dent will receive a citation, according 
to Officer Edward Garcia. The cost 
of a citation varies, determined by 
municipal court orders, although it 
has increased from past years. 

"I wrote my first citation today," 
Officer Robert Syto said. "I felt bad 
because it's a new policy and we start-
ed this just last week. People have 
been responding pretty well about it, 
but some are not so kind when they 
get tickets." 

The goal of the new policy is not 
enforcement but to educate bicyclists 
and skateboarders about established 
rules, according to McCollough. 

"We try to give warnings, but if 

[ liKES, page 3 1 

INSIDE WEATHER 
~~ Currents ............... ................... 2 Column ................. ................... 4 

Softball starts off conference play with success, 
sweeping two doubleheaders at home. 

Letters to the Ed itor .............. 5 
Campus Calendar .................. 8 

Feb. 27 Feb. 28 
H68 L54 H61 L48 

... ~ 
Mar. I Mar. 2 

H62 L46 H60L48 
p81e12 Classifieds ............................. 10 

Crossword ............................. 10 



2 NEWS 

We're All in This To 

CURRENTS ------
Discovery Could 

Stop Toxic Bacteria 
The chemical enzyme 

e mployed by the deadly 
Streptococci bacteria family to 
escape human immune system 
defenses has been isolated by 
UCSD researchers, providing new 
ways to prevent strep infections. 

Flesh-eating pathogens and the 
bacteria that cause strep throat 
and toxic shock syndrome use the 
e nzyme, which was discovered 
by a team led by Victor Nizet, 
a n associate professor of pediat-
rics at UCSD and an infectious 
diseases physician at Children's 
Hospital in San Diego. 

Nizet and his colleagues stud-
ied the interaction between the 
bacteria and neutrophils, which 
are specialized white blood cells 
that help the body against infec-
tions. Previous research found 
that neutrophils release "nets," 
com posed of DNA and. toxic 
compounds, that trap and kill 
some types of bacteria that have 
invaded the body, but UCSD 
researchers went a step further 
a nd isolated the enzyme that 
strep bacteria use to render the 
nets useless . 

By evading the neutrophil nets, 
strep bacteria are able to spread 
throughout the body. However, 
Nizet and hi s team have found 
that disabling the gene that cre-

ates this enzyme makes strep bac-
teria vulnerable again, allowing 
the body to more qUickly fight off 
infections. 

Cancer, Normal 
Cells Get Chatty 
Cancer and neighboring 

healthy cells have the ability to 
communicate with each other, 
which could offer insight into why 
cancer spreads to certain body 
organs but not others, according 
to the results of a new UCSD 
study. 

The researchers used gene 
chip technology to show that two-
way "conversations" take place 
between malignant and normal 
cells that allow the cancer cells 
to spread and form new tumors 
in distant organs. They also found 
that cancer cells can only move to 
new parts of the body if the native 
cells in that region "speak the 
same language" as the invading 
cancer cells. 

Chief researcher David Tarin, a 
professor of pathology and mem-
ber of UCSD's Moores Cancer 
Center, and his team hope the 
findings will cause researchers to 
rethink the best way to attack 
cancer by providing future treat-
ment to block the malignant cells' 
target organ, rather than directly 
targeting the cancer cells them-
se lves. 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus? 
Tell Your Parents to Buy Q 

Condo for You! 
WHY RENT1 BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends . .. 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ... 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and . .. 
' . .. your parents can write off the Interest on the mortgagel 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-060' 
Flnesrreoltor@hotmoil.com • www.cbcallfornlo.com/tobln 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

0' 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 

_ .. eNol 

vtidl~~~.1!: -....-
""'honMlklos c.".-

Neither W~les 

0I0rt0s N8"~n 
--Mo(II>ew McArdle 
---Marian~ Madden o,woo-

HiIflniCimp 
-0pI00I00-

.... - .... -
IlIMIleinInIfr _ ... -

Qvistlne PH 
--Ma,.,.. fedlris 
---Cody"N'~ 
--Chri,UneOut ...... _-

Callie F;lure 
BilyWoog __ 

AIe_,Varon<! __ _ 

An,b_ N8u~n DooIp ~ 
Riley SiI.nt·Peiua: ...... 

&l100i0i_ Mi_l_ 
Ridwd ChoI. ~~, WONIySl>itu. 

Ulak.~Si __ 

Chrio c'''c =..McA<dIe, ~l'l' 
K.1IheriMMtCoII _c-nl-", 
.....,.,..._.-.....-.. 

MkhelleTIII -AIMItIoIoe-.. 
MIke Maninez ...... All '*"'-" 

IoshRose _ 

--
ChrisI\' fI<.'or. 1CiII1-Ion8 lo 

~~~ DIot_ 
TesSi 'uchln, CAlly c.ey. Trevor Olsen 

The UCSD Cuwian is pubtished Mon~ and 
!~d~~~h~Gc\bh~~=:et~~n J~h~: 
:,;~pe~:;r:~O:~Iitr;-=~~ ;'~~ 
rights teserved. The UCSD GUtidlIJI .. nQt responsible 
lor the return of uMONdfed manutetIpiI or art. The 
viewJ e~ he~ do not nKeUlrij; represent 

~,ff';~O: :!~td ftu~~ ~CSDr..C~:~i:~ 
Is funded sof..,. by acfvtrtlsins. Strawberry d.1iquiri. 

General Editoriol; ~SJ4.i0580 
edn<riucsdgu.rriWJ.org 

F'::::::t::::~="'J, 
H~lus:8S&Sl4-6.S83. hlffus@uadlu.rciiln.OI'8 

cenlon; a;&.S-. opinionfltJcid8UM/i.ln.Of/l ·1M_~u.rdi.ln.Of/l IM_ pho<ofIuadjUM/;"'.Of/l 
Advertising: 858-534-3466 

adsliWx:sdsuardi.n.ors 
Fax: 853-534·7691 

~4 
www.fugreetlng •• com 

........ 

FIlE 11'''''1 
,-----------

BRENDAAnAMS: 
at SILOI I.IUI I.IS : 

50% 
OFF* 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 

.. ~ , 
.ualrcut, 1<8. $-10 I 

"Up do or I 
I "Coloror Foil I 
I •• , .,~.r-t. I 
I c •• ,.. rll/l "Itt .rnl • •• 1,. I 
I 7770 Regents Rd. : 
I 151.229.4157 I L __________ _ 

1 111 (,1 \1\1'1 \"-

READ UCSD 
\ i 4 \ I r, I r I 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 

Students Decry Visibility 
of Signs Barring Riders 
~ BIKES, from page 1 
they violate it again, we have to give 
them a citation, which we{l rather 
not do;' she said. ~We don't want 
to hammer people out of the blue. 
We want to let people know it does 
exist and it's not a policy that can 
be ignored." 

Guevara and skateboarder John 
Muir College freshman John Yang 
blame others for the implementa-
tion of the new policy. 

"It is a safety and traffic con-
cern because of the skateboarders 
that are stupid enough to run into 
pedestrians;' he said. "I've never 
crashed into 
anyone." 

them to get around. 
~I skate anyway because I have 

to get around ... this campus is 
huge," Eleanor Roosevelt College 
freshman Andrew Park said. 

Park considers his skateboard 
his primary form of transporta-
tion. The longest distance Park 
said he travels is from ERC to York 
Hall . 

~ I'II be walking a lot more or 
taking the shuttle with this new 
enforcement,· Park said. 'Til be 
late to my classes, but I' ll probably 
keep skating." 

Garcia suggested the creation 
of bike or skate 

Gueva ra also 
said that signs 
indicating where 
bicyclists and 
skateboarders 
cannot ride aren't 
properly vis-
ible, a problem 
campus police 
acknowledged 
and are trying to 

ru be late to my 
classes, but I'll 
probably keep 

skating?' 

paths to travel 
across campus. 
Guevara, already 
with her first 
warning, is going 
to take dirt roads 
to class now to 
avoid areas with 
high foot traffic. 

- Andrew Park, Freshman, 
Eleanor Roosevelt College 

Earl Warren 
College sopho-
more Nathaniel 
Kwak said that he improve upon. 

"Some signs are somewhat 
obscure; Syto said. 

It wiLl take some time for new 
signs to be posted, but they need to 
be strategically placed in entrances 
to walkways such as in the mid-
dle of Library Walk, according to 
Garcia. 

However, even some skate-
boarders who see the signs do not 
follow them. 

"For students who don't follow 
the signs, that 's their gamble, and 
they'll end up with a citation," 
McCollough said. "I've written up 
many skateboarders and bikers 
before:' 

Students find that these restric-
tions will make it more difficult for 

respects the new enforcement. 
"At times when it's crowded, 

it's dangerous, so I pick up my 
skateboard;' he said. "It restricts a 
complete time period though and 
there are places we can't skate. But 
when I have a bike and there is a 
lot of traffic, I get off it." 

Kwak said he does novl find the 
time restraints in going to class a 
concern either. 

"I' ll just leave my apartment 
earlier if I can't bike.;' he said. "It's 
not much faster when it's congest-
ed anyway. Walking is just a little 
bit slower than biking." 

Readers can contact Grace Wu at 
gmwu@ucsd.edu. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Orgs Questi"on 
Quality of 

Campus Venues 
~ SOFAB, from page 1 
shows pertain to the purpose of the 
organization, Vasant said. 

"[These three events) serve to the 
sole purpose of [the) organ izatiolls: 
to spread our culture to the UCSD 
committee;' she wTOte in an e-rnall to 
the A.S. Council and SOFAB. 

Ohashi held that such a deci-
sion was made because senators felt 
that SOFAR was not the appropriate 
venue to pu h for the sus pen ion for 
an A.S. bylaw, and not because the 
senators didn't understand the value 
of cultural shows. 

. "Bylaw suspension in itself is an 
arena that belongs to [the A.S. finance 
committee):' he said. 

Kaibigang Pilipino Chair Carlo 
Alvear said that his organization had 
been double-booked on campus, 
forcing it to plan an off-campus show. 
He said that he thought it was unfair 
to receive no money for the annu-
al event that costs about $28,000. 
Currently, Kaibigang Pilipino is in 
the process of an appeal, Alvear said. 

While the off-campus bylaw is 
intended to bolster events in the cam-
pus community, the UCSD campus 
dearly lacks in its ability to provide 
facilities for aU events that students 
may want to organize, Ohashi stated 
in an e-mail to the A.S. Council. 

Vasant, on the other hand, said 
that the bylaw may be actually taking 
away from UCSD's community. 

"It's unnecessary red tape," she 
said, referring to the excess of paper-
work she has to go through in order to 
appeal. "I don't think that the admin-
istration on this campus is receptive 
toward student organizations:' 

Readers can contact Yasha Sharma at 
yasha_s2k@yahoo.com. 

Interested in being a 
MUIR COLLEGE 

GRADUATION 
SPEAKER? 

START DRAFTING 
YOUR REMARKS! 

We're looking for student speakers for the 
Muir Graduation Ceremony 

and it could be YOU! 

Sign up in the Muir CoUege Student Affairs Office 
by Friday, March 3rd, 4:30pm 

Auditions will be held during 9th Week 

Questions? Call the Muir Student Affairs Office af 858-534-3587 or 
visit us in Humanities a1Ul Social Science, Room 2126 

NEWS 3 

I 3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito I 
I . (858)~52-99~9 I L _______________________ ~ 
The UCSD Guardian. Now with Crosswords in every issue. 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS 

LRST 
LECTURE 

SERIES 

, i 



4 
CO TACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opilliol1@ucsdguardian.org 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 

Web poll I Wwld)lOU be "'11inQ to PlY $19 per quarter to fund iI UCSO fooIbiIil tum? 
o No, $pOrts shoyld Sypport themselves financially. 
• Yes, we need something to improve stydent life. 
• I don 'I co re .boot UCSD sports. 
• No, UCSD doesn't need a football team. 

Vote on the new quullon al UlUJIJ)JKsdgu.nJi,n.org. 

WEEfEN SPEAKS WE RESPOND 
A.S. President Christopher for operating in the red, applauded the 

the first-ever State of transfer student housing construction 
to an audience begun on North Campus and .detailed 

tors and A.S. a plan to negotiate a Greek housing 
"The state of the system modeled after the University 
but shows signs of of Texas at Austin. with Greek houses 

" he began. taking ' spread throughout the city. 
the-road approach that Some of his complaints. however. 

giving such addresses often do. were more personal. Explaining that 
He went on to lament the state of 
S[{TV, the confuSing application and 
college-ranking process that Jotential 
Tritons face. the formula use to fund 
O.A.S.l.S. and La Jollas high housing 
prices and condo conversions. 

He berated the athletics department 

UCSD Must Minimize Its Scientific Bias 
and Aim for Academic Balance 

I t wasn't until the question·and·answer session follow-ing A.S. President Christopher Sweeten's speech that he touched on UCSD's divisive and perennial debate: sci-
ence vs. non science. 

" I ee science buildings popping up all the time:' 
he said. "I think it's about time we popped up more 
social science buildings, as well as expanding 
the theater district." 

Regardless of whether science is a more 
inherently valuable course of study th.an the 
humanities and social sciences, the fact 
remains that UCSD student in the non· 
sciences tend to develop the complexes of 
neglected, overlooked middle children. 
They see UCSD touted as a hot school 
for science, while many of its nonscience 
programs exist quietly with equally stellar 
ratings. And they see numerous high-
tech buildings built fQr the science and 
engilleering students, while classes in the 
humanities and social sciences struggle in 
cramped, crumbling, out·of·the·way class· 
rooms. In short, they see that all the money and 
fame flow 10 the sciences. 

UCSD flourishes as a science school and a 
research university, and that can't be denied. But 
UCSD competes with both UC Berkeley and UCLA 
for smart tudents with aU different interests, including 
visual arts, political science, history and communication. 
As a public university that will always be compared to the 
other UC campuses, there's no reason for UCSD to insist 
on being one· dimensional when such a strategy makes it lose 
potential assets to UC Berkeley, UCLA or other universities, 
and pushes smart students by the wayside once they come 
here. 

This lopsided emphasis also contributes to a 
sense of alienation on campus (which, as we increas· 
ing.ly see, can have fatal consequences), as well as a 
crop of graduates who lack interpersonal and writing 
skills. The world is not just about science - UCSD 
shouldn't be, ei ther. 

- Marianne Madden 
OP tN ION EDITOR 

UCSD Not Yet 'One Great University' 

I t's safe to say that the state of the campus, at least in the last four years, has been deathly boring. UCSD, largely a com· muter school, lacks the spirit and student pride that makes 
a university both well-known and well · liked. While UCSD, 
without argument, has always made great academic advances, we 
have neglected to address the low degree of student satisfaction 
on campus. A secluded haven in La Jolla, our presence has been 
shadowed by growing condos and a community that wants to 
bask in our academic achievements while deflecting the presence 
of a "real" college town. 

A.S. President Christopher Sweeten addressed the need 
to "take back La Jolla" and to create the college city that most 
students dreamt of before attending UCSD, but it seems like a 
daunting task to take on the condo· crazy developers or ask for 
something as rambunctious as a Greek row. To strengthen our 
spirit core, perhaps we should start closer to home and unify 
all UCSD students. Somewhere in between the porn scandals, 
scientific research and emphasis on separate colleges, UCSD has 
lost the "one great university" part of our creed. If we work on ' 
instilling UCSD pride in our students, pride from the community 
will come naturally. 

-Grace Fong 
STAFF WRITER 

JENN IfE R H SUlGUARDIJIN 

Sweeten Right to Call for Outreach 

W ith all the drama surrounding SRTV, Chris Sweeten has taken his share of criticism this year, but after his State of the Campus address he deserves a few compti · 
ments, especially for his plans regarding student outreach. 

Sin ce the new national budget will cut education by $1.5 
billion, Sweeten's plan for each UCSD college to adopt an under-
privileged high school and work with the school in hopes of 
bringing more underprivileged students to UCSD is an excellent 
idea. Of course, while any real change in admissions numbers of 
underprivileged students will require years of work and immense 
funding, Sweeten's proposal is a brave start to correcting current 
discrepancies. Since the only effective way to increase the num -
ber of underprivileged students at UCSD is to improve their K · 12 
education, the plan attacks the pioper problem and thus, shows 
real promise for success. 

In addition, the outreach program would strengthen ties 
between UCSD and the surrounding community, an important 
step in spreading education beyond the classroom walls of the 
university campus. Moreover it would help fulfill the social 
responsibility that every four-year university needs if its students 
truly intend to improve the world around them. 

- Natasha Naraghi 
STAFF WRITER 

'he must work almost fuU-time to 
support himself while also juggling the 
responsibilities of A.S. president and 
his studies. he l!sked for an increase in 
fundingfor student leaders. Nevermind 
that they already receive stipends. 

Had outreach representatives not 
reached him at. his high schoot Sweeten 
said he would not be at UCSD. Using 
this anecdote as evidence that the 
efforts work, he touted student-initiated 
outreach and discussed a Jm!pam that 
would have each of the six coUeges adopt 
a high school south of Interstate 8. 

Below, Opinion writers give their 
thoughts on Sweetens comments. 

Sweeten Overshoots His and the 
Council's Influence 

A .S. President Christopher Sweeten faced a bit of a daunting task in giving the first State of the Campus address. He had to talk about problems in student life, 
problems with budgets, problems with the administration 
- all without having it sound like aimless whining. 

Because he pulled that off quite well, Sweeten can be for-
given for not really saying anything particularly new or inno-
vative. Anyone who watches the State of the Union address 
knows how shocking it would be to hear a ground.breaking, 
innovative political speech come out of the president's mouth . 
These speeches are for broad outlines and the occasional self-
congratulation, though Sweeten mercifully refrained from 
singing his or the A.S. Council's praises too much. Assuming 
that all real decisions will be made in more private venues, 
the only thing to judge is the worthiness of the issues Sweeten 
brought up, and whether they are really within the ability of 
the council to deal with. 

Unfortunately, the harsh reality is that the majority of 
things that will most affect students are beyond Sweeten's 
power. The greatest thing about the SRTV issue (from a politi-
cal perspective) is that it's something that can be dealt with in 
the he re and now. It's contentious, it's sexy (pardon the pun) 
and it requires students to actually stand up for themselves 
and demand some conlrol. The same cannot be said of other 
issues Sweeten brought up: Student loan problems that may 

stem from the federal budget cuts, and the lack of a signature 
· UCSD experience." 

It'd be great if Sweeten stormed the Capitol and lead pro-
tests against the cutback of funds to help students pay for col-
lege, but I suspect the most he's going to do is complain to the 
appropriate administrators. That's not a slam, and I'm happy to 
be proven wrong - but there's just not much he can do. 

Similarly, Sweeten devoted time to talking about a "plan to 
take back La Jolla:' But in all honesty, students never had La 
Jolla, at least not in recent memory. For UCSD to become the ' 
dominant community would constitute a hostile takeover, and 
it's going to take a long time after we're gone. 

-Hanna Camp 
ASSOC IATE OPINION EDITOR 

Tritons' School Spirit Is Unique 

Back when Revelle College was in its First (and only) College heyday, conch shells, aka Triton's Trumpet, opened com-mencement in a blaze of school spirit. Nowadays there are 
six colleges, but it's the library that presently symbolizes inter-
campus unity, even if it's only through shared study space. This 
switch in identity doesn't bode well for the campus. 

A.S. President Christopher Sweeten asks if "we even know 
what the spirit of the Triton is." Spirit is integrity and commu-
nity, but for a research· oriented institution, spirit takes the form 
of grading curves and Facebook groupies - all impersonal and 
single· minded. 

Students should be about more than just learning and digital 
networking. At UCSD's inception, Roger Revelle dreamt of cre-
ating multifaceted scholars ready to swap sonnets for chemicals. 
UCSD has the opportunity to achieve Revelle's vision, but it will 
require a solid base in community. Without school spirit, stu-
dents may just as well take correspondence classes. There would 
be no real-world experience or human compassion - and no 
wisdom. For this reason, the segregation between colleges and 
commuters requires more consideration. 

Sweeten believes that UCSD should reward students with 
more than just a diploma. All four years are a unique experience, 
and no intercollegiate competition is needed to prove the exis-
tence of school spirit - just careful attention. 

- Maryalln Kimoto 
STAFF WRITER 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Associated Students. 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Wo~en Can Seek Fairness Without Blaming Men 
W omen of the world raise your right hand:' At least, that's the s10· 
gan the DeBeers Corporation uses 
to sell their so-called "Right Hand 
Ring" to the independent women of 
the world. 

Attracting diamond buyers is 
one thing, but applying this ideology 
to a feminist movement cripples its 
chances for success. Blaming men for 

ate freshmen, 57 percent are women; 
nationwide at four·year universities, 
56 percent of undergraduates are 
females. Also important is the per-
centage of women who are college 
graduates, which . was 13 percent in 
1970 but rose to 24 percent by 1993 
- actually one percent higher than 
the relative number of male college 
graduates during the same year. 

But there are nevertheless places 
where we can gender inequalities 

and attempting to 
dissolve any depen-
dence on their gen-
der may have been 
popular several 
decades ago, but it's 
time for women to 
realize inequalities 

The American 
Utopia 

seek improve-
ments in equal 
opportunity 
for women. 
For example, 

are less problematic than the constant 
tug between family and work. 

While recently deceased femi -
nist and author of "The Feminine 
Mystique" Betty Friedan opened the 
eyes of American males to the dis-
satisfaction of women homemakers 
during the 1960s, women of her time 
and decades before faced a radically 
different set of problems than those 
today. 

No longer would the Equal Rights 
Amendment of 1923, which stated, 
"Equality of rights under the law 
shall not be denied or abridged by 
the United States or by any State on 
account of sex," solve gender dilem· 
mas. It was more an expression of 
female discontent than an actual vehi· 
c1e for change. 

Furthermore, had America seen 
its ratification, the nation would have 
had to acknowledge the chance of a 
female draft. While women might 
like to think they're as brave and com-
bative as most men, they're not likely 
willing to go to war over it. 

Its failure to pass, however, did not 
result in the idling of women's rights. 
In fact. women have made leaps and 
bounds since then without it. For 
example, of the UCSD undergradu· 

the wage gap 
still exists gen-
erations after 

the Women's Rights Movement. 
According to the U.S. Census 
Bureau, fuJI · time working women 
only received 77 cents to each dollar 
earned by a man in 2004. Remedies 
for these differences are a necessary 
step toward the fair treatment of the 
fairer sex, but time will likely resolve 
these discrepancies as it has with edu· 
cation differences. 

Thus the real problem chalJenging 
women isn't a struggle for equal rights, 
but a struggle with the choices they 
create. College females, for example, 
attend universities with the knowl· 
edge that the skills they acquire may 
only be used for a short time. Women 
conSidering law school, medical 
school or various other post .graduate 
studies especially face a difficult deci· 
sion knowing they may only work 
for roughly five years before settling 
down to have children. 

According to sociology profes. 
sor Steven Martin of the University 
of Wisconsin-Madison Center for 
Demography and Ecology, women 
during the 1930s and the 1940s tend-
ed to have children at a young age 
while in the years following this peri-
od women have significantly delayed 
childbirth. While this allows women 

to establish a career before bearing 
children, pregnancy after the age of 
35 significantly increases the possibil-
ity for fetal health problems and the 
mother's mortality, according to stud-
ies by the Center for Disease Control 
and Prevention. 

And so the question remains, 
are the women of the world to be 
mothers or business executives? In 
an attempt to rid our gender of the 
homemaker stereotype of the 1950s, 
we traveled to the opposite end of 
the spectrum. Children in daycare 
with working mothers are likely to 
suffer most from this seesaw effect. 
According to the U.S. Department 
of Labor, women comprised 47 
percent of American's workforce in 
2004, compared to only 29 percent 
in 1950, which means fewer women 
are staying home to raise their chil-
dren. 

Thus, there must be a compro· 
mise. Although it is impossible for 
a woman to be a mother of five and 
a CEO of a company, working from 
home to fulfill a desire to define our-
selves with something aside from our 
children is possible. Yes, there will be 
sacrifices required and we may have to 
select careers that lend themselves to 
such an environment. No one prom-
ised motherhood was easy; childbirth 
alone can attest to that fact. 

Important, however, is the real -
ization that mt'n are not to blame 
for everything. It may be hard at 
times to depend on a gender that has 
such notable members as Michael 
Jackson and President George W. 
Bush, but moving toward women's 
ability to work and raise children 
will require their husband's assis-
tance. Men too have made sacrifices 
and still face expectations to provide 
for their families to such an extent 
that it often takes them away from 
the home - all the more reason for 
us to work together in solving gen · 
der inequalities. 

I say, women raise both hands. 

OPINIONS 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR-
Silver Medals Should 

Not Be Shameful 
Dear Editor: 

I would like to respectfully dis· 
agree with some of the comments 
made by Paul Choi in his article 
about the Winter Olympics. Firsi of 
all, let me just say that everyone has 
their own interests, and not all sports 
are for all people. That being said, 
Choi's article sounds like a sore loser 
lamenting about his team's shortcom· 
ings and then giving up on the com· 
petition entirely because thL team 
isn't winning. 

Choi gripes about how there are 
no track stars and gymnasts in Ihe 
Winter Olympics, but then who are 
speed skaters and freestyle aerialists 

' if not winter track stars and winter 
gymnasts? Then he compares hockey 
players to basketball players. But both 
are team sports, with similar con· 
cepts (get an object inside a target of 
some sort), and equally high levels 
of energy and action. It's just a mat· 
ter of personal taste. Not to mention 
that all of these sports are relevant in 
many countries, whether it's hockey in 
Canada or alpine skiing in Austria. 

And what would happen if all of 
the athletes who underperformed in 
these supposedly irrelevant sports 
actually did bring home gold medals? 
My guess is Ihat Choi would then be 
praising those athletes, their respective 
sports, and espousing how wonderful 
the Winter Olympics are. Just because 
the United States was not the medal 
leader at these Torino Olympics does 
not mean that the sports are irrelevant 
or that no one cares. It would be like 
the Chargers saying that American 
football is lame because they haven't 
won a Super Bowl in years. But they 
don't. Instead they try again the next 
time around and when they actually 
perform well, everyone rallies around 
them. The same can be applied to 
Choi's examples of the half-pipe snow· 

, . 

boarders. They won gold, so Choi is 
singing their praises and that of the 
sport. 

The truth is that Americans are so 
used to dominance in the Olympics 
(as in the summer games, hence Choi's 
support for those), that anything less 
than first place is shameful. But last 
time I checked, the United States is 
second in the medal count here, and 
that's not a bad place compared to the 
countless number of countries that 
have one or no medals at all . 

There is such pressure from the. 
media, the fans and the sponsors to 
fmish first, that there is no respect in 
finishing second, which is a feat in of 
itself. There are many countries that 
would kill for such standings, so let's 
not forget how lucky we are that we 
have so many athletes to choose from 
to represent us and do so well for us. 

This is what happens when the fans 
and athletes become too cocky. Like 
snowboarder Lindsey JacobeUis, like 
the USA women's and Canadian men's 
hockey teams, athletes who go into the 
games expecting to win are bound to 
run into I rouble, and when they do, 
we gripe about the loss and complain 
about the sport. Shame on us. 

- Arthur Pasternak 
Earl Warren College Freshman 

• The Guardian welcomes leNers from 
its retUlers. All letters must be no longer 
dum 500 words, typed, double-spaced 
and signed with a name and appliCilble 
title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit 
for length and darity. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian ojJia on 
the seamd floor of the Student Center 
or e-mailed. Send aU letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La ,olla, CA 92093·0316 

e·mail: 
IetterS@ucsdguardian.org 

• Peace COIpS • 
• Opportlll1ities • 

, • .~ ,=.. . -= ,- ... f.: •• = ,~-= C. , .= ,= L. , '_" L.. L.._ , ,_", L. _, L. " • L. _, 

Lifo 
is calling ... 

how-h J~r 
willyou ~ gO. 
Corps 45th Anniversary: A Global Celebration 

Tuesday·2/28· 11:300.m.-l:30p.m. 
It's National Peace Corps Week and the 45th Anniversary of the 
Peace Corps! At this festive information session, you can meet 
with past Peace Corps volunteers, learn about Peace Corps host 
countries, and hear tales of service, exploration, and adventure. 
Enjoy light refreshments while getting your questions answered. 
HeItJ in ~ Gtrtrr &rvim Cmttr Horir.on RoDm. 

Corps Info Sessions 
Wednesday·2/22· Sp.m.-6:3Op.m. 
Tuesday·3/7 • l00.m.-11:30a.m. 
Come hear about current job opportunities, benefits, and the 
Peace Corps application process. Network with a returned 
volunteer and learn more about the adventure of a lifetime. 

V t'\' 1\,1 \\1 ,ro'l f ", ( I 'I,d l' ,d II ,'I II( d. till 
_ CHeer Servt(es Center 1 , ,I. ,I '" I d" "v \'"", 

h, ,~ I, J , I 

I \}t o clear )( ~, b, 
- :;.; 

7 8 9 
-

4 5 6 + 

1 2 3 

0 -
-• 

GUEST PROFESSOR MATHEMATICS 

Jeff Rabin 
Wednesday, March 1 
Gallery A, Price Center • 12pm 
*Free pizza and drinks provided· 

••• fOf more infOfmotion coli 858.822.2068 Of visit hHp:lltheuniversitycenters.ucsd.edu IOD_ 



6 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Christine Pae 
!eatures@ucsdguardian.org 

BEATLES PROF 
CAN'T HIDE 

HIS LOVE AWAY 
By Ian S. Port 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

On the scale of ridi c u -
lously awesome 
jobs in this world, 
teaching a univer-' 
ity course about 

the Beatles prob-
ably ranks some-
where between 
afternoon -nap 
technician and 
senior Jessica 
Alba concubine. 
Not only is there G REG DALE/GUARDIAN 
never a shortage of students igning up for music 
professor Steve Schick's signature winter quarter 
Popular Music class, but those with lucky registra-
tion times get to take part in one of the most enjoy-
able credit-for-knowledge transactions available 
to UCSO undergrads: listening to their enigmatic 
orator rhapsodize hilariously about such familiar 
realities as John Lennon and Paul McCartney's 
evolving songwriting dynamics or the effects of 
stereo recording on "Help!" 

Why does Lennon's voice sound so rough 
on the last track of · Please Please Me"? That 
was covered in week two. From whom did the 
band basically steal to write, "You've Got to Hide 
Your Love Away"? - question number 33 on the 
midterm. And don't forget your listening journal 
for the final , where you'U have to write down all 
the thoughts you had while listening to Sergeant 
Peppers this week. 

While it may seem - to your parents, anyway 
- that such seemingly light fare deserves no place 
in a lecture hall proudly displaying the periodic 
table of the elements, the man in charge has both 
the credential.s and the vision to check those preju-
dices at the door. 

"The Beatles are in essence irrelevant here; 
Schick said. "What is relevant is the way that 
human beings engage music - this thing that you 
can't touch, that doesn't hold still, that the instant 
YO' t play it it's gone - the way they engage th.at 
experience and the way they engage other people 
through that experience. The way two people who 
may never have contact with each other share 
something important if they find that they love the 
same music." 

As a percussion authority invited to premiere 
new works in concert hall all over the world, 
Schick has had a long career to think about loving 
music. After completing his bachelor's and master's 
degrees at the University of Iowa, Schick earned 
a Fulbright scholarship to study and teach in 
Germany, where he received his advanced creden-
tial. After living in Washington, D.C., for several 
years, Schick went to Fresno State, where he taught 
for eight years before coming to UCSD in 1991 . 

"When I broke away from my [farm-owning] 
parents' express wishes that I become a doctor 
and started to become a drummer of all things, a 
percussionist eventually, and I thought, 'If I don't 
succeed, I'U be back to seeing turkeys before the 
year is over; it was an amazingly powerful motiva-
tion;' he said. 

UCSO's music department has a worldwide 
reputation for innovation, especially in contem-
porary music, which is often masked by the larger 

[ SCHICK, page 7] 

I, 

'fHE* GUARDIAN GO FIGURE 

FOCUS • Average number of kegs Porter's 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK Pub uses in a week 

MON DAY, FEBRUA RY 27, 2006 

HERLOCK • • 

eraClnl 
ART SLEUTH USES MORE THAN JUST A 
SPYGLASS TO TRACK DA VINCI'S TRAIL 

By Mamelte Federis 
A SSO CIATE FO C US EDITOR 

Maurizio Seracini's lull -ing Italian accent sweeps through the air as students listen intently during an informal lecture about the 
works of Leonardo Oa Vinci. With his light 
gray suit, glasses sliding slightly down the 
bridge of his nose, he looks just like any 
other professor. But the UCSO bioengi-
neering alumnus is the art world's own 
Sherlock Holmes, pioneering a discipline 
where art and science come together in 
unexpected ways. Seracini's detective work 
is not in the form of fingerprinting or body 
outlines; rather, he tracks brush strokes and 
paint to discover what went into some of 
the world's most famous masterpieces. 

A self-proclaimed " Doctor of Art," 
Seracini uses X-ray, tereomicroscopes, 
echographs and other machines to analyze 
art masterpieces. Using this technology, 
Seracini has found previously unknown 
drawings and alterations in many famous 
paintings, including Leonardo Oa Vinci's 
"Adoration of the Magi: ' Seracini is also 
using science to search for "Battle of 
Anghiari;' a Da Vinci work that has no! 
been seen since 1563. Seracini is using his 
technique to find the long-lost painting 
believed to be hidden behind a wall in the 
Palazzo Vecchio's Hall of Five Hundred in 
Florence, Italy. 

Despite criticism from restorers and art 
historians who do not agree with his scien-
tific approach to art conservation, Seracini's 
discoveries have attracted much interest 
around the world. In Dan Brown's "Oa 
Vinci Code," Seracini is the only nonfic-
tional character. Part of the book explores 
Da Vinci's " Last Supper" and whether it 
depicts Mary Magdalene as Ihe wife of 
Jesus. The novel has spawned controversy 
over the painting and its popularity has 
even spawned an upcoming Hollywood 
movie. 

In March, an exhibit in Florence's Uffizi 
Museum will include Seracini's findings on 
"Adoration of the Magi" and his current 
research on "Battle of Angh iari:' 

GU/l rdi /ln : What do you say to th ose 
that say technology and art are two com-
pletely different areas that should be sepa-
rated from one another? 

Seracilli: A rt is not on Iy to be seen and 
appreciated, but it also needs to be under-
stood. Any artist who has c reated a master-
piece is sending us a message; he is showing 
us h is creativity. Science could very well 
give the most important contribution for 
conserving paintings wh ich are really our 
cultural her itage. With science, we're get-
ting an objective knowledge of the wo rk of 
art to allow us to understand it and to allow 
for conservation. 

G: You describe yourself as bei ng the 
"Doctor of Art." What do you mean by 

PHOTOS COURTESY OF UCSD ALUMNI ASSOCIATION 
Maurizio Seracini (right) uses high tech machines to analyu some of the world's most fa mous paintings. 
Seracini is currently in search of Leonardo Da Vinci's "Battle of Anghiari" in florence, Italy's Pa/CIUQ Vecchio. 
that ? 

S: In the medical field , it would be 
unth inkable to have a surgeon, analys t or 
specialist, but not have a pr imary doc-
tor who would know how to examine the 
patient, the proper methodology fo r t reat-
ment and how to determine a proper cure. 

Un fortunately, art works are subjected to 
decay or diseases that can only be rec-
ognized and treated th rough technology. 
When I go into a museum, it's like I'm 
going into a hospital where I see a lot of 

[ DA VINCI, page 9] 

Way During UCSD's Early 

J 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN FOCUS 7 

Professor, Performer and Drummer Eight Days a Week Disgruntled Students Disperse to 
Hillcrest and University City • SCHICK, fro m page 6 

university's pre-eminence in math 
and science. 

"If you want to come to an institu-
tion that embraces the act of creation 
of music, whether it be by a composer 
or an improviser or a music tech-
nologist, you might fmd a handful of 
alternative in the world, but probably 
not," Schick said. "This is the place 
you would come, and this was always 
what I knew about it." 

The music department doesn't 
have a bigger presence on campus 
simply because its work is largely too 
radical for mass consumption, Schick 
argues - and that seems to be partly 
what he likes about it. 

" It was that moment when I saw 
that percussion was this enormous 
world with respect to traditional cul-
tures, all kinds of noisemakers and 
the possibility to invent" tnat took 
him beyond being a mere drummer, 
he said. 

"Percussion as a classical instru-
ment, as a solo instrument, is younger 
than I am - that meant that as a 
graduate student we we.re in a real 
way creating the discipline;' Schick 
said. "I suppose it was akin to being 
at the beginning of the technology 
boom - you just had to be there:' 

The tension between the ubiquity 
of the Beatles' music and the relative 
obscurity of his normal work is partly 
what keeps Schick teaching this class 
nearly ever year he's been at UCSD. 

GREG DAl E/GUIIRDIAN 
Famous for his Popular Music course on the Beatles, Steve Schick earned his virtuoso 
credentia~ with a Fulbright scholarship in Germany to study and perform. 

"If I were teaching a course on them as energetically and colorfully 
popular music from what I know as he talks about the Beatles. It's not 
about popular music, it'd be a very unusual for the ever-dapper Schick to 
bad course," Sch ick said. "What I'm get the whole of Warren 2001 chuck-
reaUy trying to do is show a possible ling heartily during his sarcastic and 
way of thinking about music and frequently self-deprecating lectures 
using that as the source. It's not at all while unpacking the profundities of 
different 'from the way I would I think such deep lyrics as, "She was just only 
about the newest piece of percu sion J 71 If you know what I mean:' 
music that I have to play in a premier A world-class performer help-
concert two months from now. [Butl ing music-dumb undergrads see the 
J can't really talk to 450 people about pitch-shifted giggles and reverse gui-
those kinds of things:' tar solos in "Tomorrow Never Knows" 

Maybe he could, ifhe talked ,about __ as clouds f1_~ating across a droning, 

drum-and-bass landscape: Not such a 
bad way to bring home the bread, as 
Schick will readily admit. 

"I could have become a doctor. I 
could have become a lawyer. I could 
have become something real and 
done something real - helping sick 
children or defending the rights of 
the poor. Instead [ became a drum -
mer. [So] how can that be translated 
into something public and helpful? 
The teaching and importance of the 
Beatles class is a response to that 
question:' • 

• LA JOLLA, from page 6 
eral politics was concentrated in 
Revelle Plaza, which was built as a 
parallel to Berkeley's Sproul Plaza, 
the apex of California's free speech 
movement. The peak of UCSD's 
political activism came in 1970, 
when George Winnie Jr. lit himself 
on fire in Revelle Plaza to protest the 
Vietnam War. 

"We had students being drafted," 
Bond said. "We even had profes-
sors who were afraid to fail students, 
because we thought they would get 
drafted if they flunked out. It was that 
volatile of a time:' 

A Pricey Place 
Placing UCSO in La JoUa formed 

modern life as students know it. The 
high-priced La Jolla real estate mar-
ket forced both students and faculty 
off campus, decentra lizing univer-
sity life. The Undergraduate Student 
Experience Report, relea ed in 2005, 
aired student complaints about a 
socially barren campus, which stems 
from the university's relationship 
with its neighborhood, according to 
Bond. 

"Commuting professors makes it 
hard for them to get involved with 
students;' he said. "But, in the end, 

the La Jolla community makes it hard 
for professors to afford living close to 
students:' 

The same problem was, and still is, 
present for students, many of whom 
are forced to settle for the affordabiJ-
ity of University City and Clairemont. 
Even for students who live in La Jolia, 
residents have been less than welcom-
ing. 

Some of the largest and most 
consistent problems created by 
the La Jolla-UCSO partnership are 
increased traffic and noise, according 
to Steindorf. 

La Jolla residents could have more 
reason to be concerned with infra-
structure, with the upcoming con-
struction of North Campus Transfer 
Housing, which will house an addi-
tional 1,000 students. 

The university isn't planning to 
stop there. Chancellor Marye Alme 
Fox has pledged to make undergrad-
uate hOUSing a priority, and UCSO's 
2004 Long Range Development Plan 
indicated that there is more than 
enough space for that goal , as there 
are still 297 undeveloped acres for 
UCSD's growth. 

Readers can contactCltarles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobaJ.net. 

BillY W ONG/ GUARDIIIN 
The 2005 Undergraduate Student Experience Report showed that students are dissatisfied with 
a "socially barren campus," a result of La Jolla's rold shoulder toward the UCSD community. 

UCSD FINANCIAL AID OF FICE 

Attention FINANCIAL AID RECIPIENTS: 
It's time to REAPPLY for financial aid for 2006-07. The priority on-time deadline to 
receive the best funding is March 2. 

. , 

» Use your Renewal FAFSA on the web at www.lt1fstl.ed.gov to reapply. Also, the FAFSA on the Web 
Worksheet is available for you to download and use as a guide to completing your online Renewal 
FAFSA. 

» A PIN is required to complete the Renewal FAFSA.lf you have forgotten your PIN, you can request a 
...... ~ - "-!I.~' 

duplicate at www. pin.ed.,ov by selecting the option "Request a Duplicate PIN.n 
• 

Check ~ 
Tr~nk~ 

throughout the 
school year, 

including summer, 
to stay up to date on 

your Financial Aid status 

Ii] Use of Email Communication 
The Financial Aid office utilizes email as an official 
means of communication with students throughout 

the year, including summer. 
» Maintain and review your UCSD email account on a 

regular basis 

» Check this website for information in managing your 
UCSD email account:: http://acs.ucsd.edu/student 

» Contact Academic Com.puting at (858)534-4060 for 
assistance with your UCSD email account 



8 CAMPUS CALENDAR 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

spring break, study abroad & more 
Sample roundtrip Student AIrfare from s.n Dt.go to: 

san Francisco $U4 
Denver $Ift 

Maul, Kahului $305 

'Paris $391 
Amsterdam $432 

Sao Paolo $727 
Visit StudentUniverM.com for cheap student airfares 

on major alr1lnes to 1,000 destinations across the US 
and around the world . 

•• 

Factory Mainhlnonca • Scheduled Computer & Electrical Repairs 
Generol Autornolva Repairs 

~ t ," Aull u" 737 Turquoise St., Pacific Beach 
w_.boulevardautomotlve.com E·MAIL: bou/evordoufo@son.rr .com 

- - - - - ------

., 

lOlL CHANGE $999 ::.feeS4.99 ''''Nd.. .. I~IIo. &''P105 .. d ..... l .. 1. I PIooMtoI "" ___ Con eN 
IlgH TMIs W'ott.c"""" E'fi.'" J/3IJ/06 L 

- - - - - ------.1 FREE TOWING IN PB OR LA JOLLA 
UTe . _A jJLLA • UCSD YOUR SOURCE FOR YOUR BEST TAN 

Confidential Egg Donors 
Needed Immediately! 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 

THE~GUARDIAN weekof;~~:7 ~ . TO.1.VU\K5 
calendar@ucsd 

Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guordian 

MONFEB27 
CAREEII SERVICES 

Apple, Inc. - ThIs free company pmentatlon 
will get you up to speed on upcoming job 
and Internship opportunities, is well as the 
goals, current projfcts, and corporate culture of 
this featured emploYfll 5:00 - 6:30 pm. career 
ServIces Cent@!'. HorIzon Rm. 

ProgNssIw "'- -This free company pre-
sentation will gc!t you up to speed on upcoming 
job and Internship opportunities. as W@l1 as tt\@ 
goals. current projects. and corporate culture of 
this featured employer! 7:30 - 9:00 pm. career 
Services Cent@!'. HOfizon Rm. 

lAG presents ·MldllIIIcI ~ PolItIcs· 
- Three UCSD students will Interview Robert 
Kittle. Opinion Editor of the San Diego Union 
Tribune. on the relationship between media and 
International politiCS. and how one influences 
the other. All are welcome, 7 pm in the Great 
Hall. For more info, visit ihouse.ucsd.eduliag. 
htm. 

TUES FEB 28 
ARTS 

UCSO Theatre presents The Distanm From 
....... a dark spin on the teenage lifestyle in 
suburbia. Directed by Nell LaBute. 157 Galbraith 
Theatre. Bpm. 54 students. 55 GA. UCSD Bo. 
Office 858-534-4574. 

CAREER SERVICES 

P__ Corps 45th AnnlftfSlry: A Globil 
Celebration - Celebrate Peace Corps Week (2127 
- 3/5/(6) and the 45th Ann~rsary of the Peace 
Corps! At this festive event, you can meet with 
past Peace Corps volunteers. learn about Peace 
Corps host countries. and enjoy tales of service, 
exploration. and adYenture. Get your Peace 
Corps questions answered and learn about cur-
rent opportunities abroad. 11 '3oa.m. -1 :3Op.m. 

Target $toNs - This free company presenta-
tion will get you up to speed on upcoming job 
and Internship opportunities. as well as the 
goals. current projects. and corporate culture of 
this featured employer! 5:00 - 6:30 pm. Career 
Services Center. Horizon Rm. 

WED MAR 1 
ARTS 

UCSDTheatre's The Distance From ..... contin-
ues at 157 Galbraith Theatre. 8pm. 

LECTURE 

Historical activist and scholar A,.,. .. 
DavIs speaks on 'Women and Social Justice 
Movements: Then, Now. Tomorrow: 6pm at the 
Price Center Ballroom. Free and open to the 
public. IIckets required and available at the 
Women's Center, Cross-Cultural Center or Price 
Center 80. OffIce. 

SPECIAL EVENTS 

REAL-UFE SCIIUBS • 5:30-6:30. Garren 
Auditorium. Basic Science Building. School of 
Medicine. The bigges~ best panel ever! All 4th 
year med studentS. going into these residencies: 
Pediatrics. General Surgery. Emergency Medicine. 
ObIGyn. Family Medicine. Internal Medicine and 
Orthopedic Surgery. Don't miss Itl 

CAREEII SERVICES 

Get AnIInItiIdI A MedII ArtI c- PMMI -
listen In as a panel of Media Artists gives you 
the Inside scoop on breaking Into this competi-
tive career field. learn how our panelists got to 
where they are. how you can best prepare your-
self. and do some all-important networking with 
established profesSionals! 2p.m. -3:30p.m. 

CompIe ....... " MId InMtfltlve MecIIdM 
hntI - listen In as our panel of experts dis-
cusses career opportunities In the growing field 
of integrat~ medicine along with admissions 
guidance for being aclmltte,d to a training Insti-
tution. Topics Include naturopathk. ayurvecllc 
and traditional Chinese medicine IS well as 
acupuncture. homeopathy, chiropractic, ~nd 
holistic healing. 5:00p.m. - 6:30p.m. 

.... !If AkoheI, TobIcco, Flrewrns • 

bpIoIIw - This free company presentation 
will get you up to speed on upcoming job 
and Internship opportunities. as well as the 
goals. current projects. and corpcxate culture of 
this fNtUffd empIoyefI 7:00 - 8:30 pm. Career 
SeMces Cent@!', HorIzon Rm. 

THURsMAR2 
ARTS 

UCSDTheatre's 11M DiItMu From ...... contin-
ues at 157 Galbraith Theatre. Spm. 

CAIlEER SERVICES 

EffectIve Job s-ch sent.gIes - Still searching 
for the right job? learn which search strategies 
are most effective for UCSD students seeking 
employment In today's competitive market. Our 
career advisor will share tips and techniques to 
make your search strong and efficient l1:OOa. 
m. - 12:OOp.m. 

Inteniew 1nWKtm: ...... MId PractIce 
for Your HHIth I'IoIwsIIcIMI SdIooII ..... 
- Make the most of your admissions inter-
view! This Interactive workshop win cover the 
essentials as you practice answering interview 
questions In a group setting. hear tips from 
admissions directors. and learn about interview 
protocol. 2:00p.m. - 3:30p.m. 

SPECIAL EVENTS 

An EWIIIng with A.ur IUfIsi - author of the 
national bestseller Reading lolita In Tehran: A 
Memoir In Books. 7:00 PM at the Institute of the 
Americas. Hojel Auditorium. Additional seating: 
live video feeds in the Deutz Room at Institute of 
Amerius and in the RobInson Building Complex 

. Auditorium at IRIPS. FREE and open to tt\@ pub-
lic. Entrance TlCKETS REQUIRED. available at the 
UCSD Box Office. For more Information. (858) 
53+<1935 or ercmmwOucsd.edu 

FRI MAR 3 
ARTS 

UCSD Theatre's The DImnaI From ...... contin-
ues at 157 Galbraith Theatre, 8pm. 

SPECIAL EVENTS" 

All Campus Tr.n_ Student Sadli - FREE 
BREAKFAST and information about relaxation 
techniques. RSVP by Wednesday. March 1 to 
Dale Masterson at dmastersonOucsd.edu. 9:3()-
11:00 a.m. at Student Health Center Room. 225. 
Sponsored by Revelle. Muir. Marshall. Warren. 
Roosevelt and Sixth College. 

SAT MAR 4 
ARTS 

UCSD Theatre's The DImnaI From ...... conlln-
ues at 157 Galbraith Theatre. 2 and 8pm. 

STUDENT OR6S 
·A FiIuInc'-I AIWt" - UtS Is recognized business 
organization whose goal Is to empower student 
with financial knowledge. It win be to educate 
student on IrMStIng and business op!Ions that 
will prepare them for their financial future. Mare 
Info found at http://acs.ucsd.edul-uls. 

APSA Tilent 51.- - A lot 01 cool acts such 
as Wushu. 220. Ascenslon. J Turtle. Clean Up 
Crew, etc. Doors open 6:30pm show 7pm at PC 
Ballroom. $5 pres.1e $ 7 day of. Buy your tJOets 
today at PC Box OIIIee. 

SUN MARS 
ARTS 

ArtPower! at UC50 presents !he astonishing La.,..... des VoIII ....... ~n ensemble of 
twenty-eight women whose Instrument Is tt\@ 
human wlce. Students $1 S. aU others $30. UC50 
Box Office. 534-<1574. 

Upcoming: 
SPECIAL EVENTS 

Students: What's on your mind! ~ a chance 
to ask qwstIons durtng a ........ dIM willi 
CIIMC8IIor ..,. A-. Fe.. 10 to 11 am on 
..... .." MIIrdI •• Visit chance/ionchat. 
ucsd.edu. 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to 
www.ucsdguardian.org and link to "Calendar" 

Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

The 5InIIreI. with special guest Eagles Of Death 
Metal, ~. MIIrdI :lid! at RIMAe Arena. 
llckets on sale now, UC50 Bo. Offlce, BSS-
53+<1574. 

WEEKLY 
CARIER 

0n-Ca1llpUl In ... w...... -Each quarter. top 
employers host special Interviews and pre-
sentations at the Career SeMces Center for 
Internships. part-tlmejobs, and full-time jobs. By 
appointment only. through March 10. 

HEALTH 

ChedI .,.. ~ - Screening requires 
a self-administered finger stick and 12 hours 
fasting before the screening. Immediate results. 
.$15 fee. sign up online - http://studenthealth. 
ucsd.edu. 

FITItop .. RlMAC -Evaluate your relative fitness 
levels. set goals and measure your progress. Free 
service. walk In to RIMAC Wellness Room any 
Men or Wed 7-9pm. 

Peer Educdon Pragnms - Nutrition, HIV, 
Fitness. Stress. Se.ual Health and other toPics. 
free programs. call 534-1824 for more Info. 

Mln's OInk ~ Student Health - Routine male 
exams, STD checks. etc. Monday mornings at 
9'3oam - no visit fee, no appl. 

Anonymous HIV, Tilling @ Student Health -
Sign up online at http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu. 
510 charge. 

NutrIIIon c-s.IIng - One-on-one with a reg-
Istered dietician. Inducles a three-day analysis 
of your diet. Make ilppI. online at httjl:l/studen-
thealth.ucsd.edu. 

Ww/ght MM...--' ClInIc - Led by a dietician 
and a ~ian. Every Thursday at 3pm In the 
Student Health Conference Room. No appl., 
free service. 

RELIGIOUS 

ExperIence ChUKh DIfferently - Services 
Sundays 11 am In the International Center. 
www.ExperienceChurchDlfferently.com 

STUDENT OR6S 

ucso Ungu.gt c-s.tIoII Tables - I-House 
brings together native speakers and language 
learners for Informal conversation in a foreign 
language. Meetings at Caf~ Ventanas. For 
more Info and for specific times. days. and 
languages visit http://lhouse.ucsd.edu or email 
Ihouse@UCsd.edu. 

Tutor ""'Im: Amerlcan-English-in-Action -
the International Center Is currently seelclng 
volunteers to help International students, schol-
ars, and their families Improve conversational 
English skins and become more familiar with 
our culture. For Info please contact Nikki at 
ngeeOuod.edu. 

~ Houle InWM for 06-07 -
Compensation Is room (a single) and board at 

~House. applications due March 1. Apps avall-
able at http://lhouse.ucsdedu. 

CA1PIIIG ....., MIedng - Student public 
lntertSt group flghIlng the good fight for the 
environment. iI~ educatfon, and eMm~ 
natlng pcMrtyt Mondays at 6pm In the CAlPIRG 
OIIIee (2nd IIaor of the Old Student Center). 
............... CaN - The International Center 
Invites you to attend the International Ca~ 
on every Friday of the academic year (~xc~ 
for during Flnal~ weet). Join us for a delicious 

home-c~ meal and the company 01 stu-
dents and scholars from around the wor1d III 
for $4.00. lunch wli be seMd from noon untlI 
1:30 PM on iI first come. first serwd basis. If 
you have any questions. please em," lIyIa at 
Iay/iIc00ahoo.com. 

CrosswordSolutions 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 

Seracini Skeptical Over 'Da 
Vinci Code' Conspiracies 
~ DA VINCI, from page 6 
sick patients. We're lucky to have 
these artworks, but if we don't see 
them in a scientific way, we're going 
to lose them. 

G; What is the best and worst 
part of what you do? 

s: The best part of my job is to 
have the privilege to be in contact 
day after day, sometimes for weeks 
and months, with some of the great-
est masterpieces in Western culture. 
The fact that you're the re alone, 
working day after day on the art-
work, it's like unveiling a mystery. 

The worst part is trying to explain 
to people they should stop restoring 
without first establishing the best way 
to conserve. an art work. My science is 
absolutely indispensable in restoring a 
work of art. We need a new breed of 
scientists worldwide to do this kind of 
work. I've fought the battle for 30 years 
and I was hoping that by now a lot 
of things would have changed in this 
field, hut there is a lot of resistance. 

G; Would you then caU yourself a 
rebel in the art world? 

s: Oh yeah. I haven't made too 
many friends. Restorers have the 
assumption that they know what 
they're doing and that there's no 
need for science. 

G: Have you read the "Da Vinci 
Code?" What do you think ahout 
the conspiracies that it mentions, 
especially with the Last Supper 
painting? . 

S: It is an interesting book. In terms 
of what it said about the Last Supper, 
I don't think we have any evidence or 

. proof of any sort to say that the figure 
on the right-hand side of Christ was 
not a man but was indeed a woman. 
Regardless of Dan Brown and his story, 
there is some difference in the way the 
face of that figure looks compared to 
all the other apostles. but to say that it's 
absolutely a woman, I think it's a little 
bit jumping ahead. 

G: How do you feel about being 
part of the book? 

S: If there would've been contact 
between Dan Brown and myself and 
I had a chance to explain to him and 
show him what I was doing, perhaps 
it would have been much better. I 
was surprised when I read my name 
and my work in a fiction book and 
it did not mention that I was not a 
nonfiction character. There's noth-
ing wrong with talking about my 
work, hut it should be put in the 
right frame. At the end, you might 
be remembered for something you 
have not done or you have not said. 

Head, Neck Be 
Spine Center of SD 

Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La Jolla, CA 92037 
818 .. 1.3' " Fax 81 ..... 3841 

www .•• JolI.de. eom 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

One Large One Topping Piua 

$7.99 _ 
Umlted delivery ",el • Delivery Char," Moy Apply. Pan PimI S1 """e. 

Yllid Itudent 10 required. No dtocounU II tile door. You mull l1li< "" this 
offer when ",eSerine. Not valid wlh any other offer. Cultomet' PlY' 011 

8III>Ilclllle sate. til . Vllid only • so County PopaJohn·. PIZZI Stores. 
ExpI.- 12/30/08. 

FOCUS 9 

Buy One, Get One 

FREE I ..,_ .... 111 ............................ _'- I 
..... ..... Pan Pizza $1 more. Umited delivery area - Delivery Charges I May Apply. Not valid wih any other offer. Customer pays all applicable I 
I salas tax . Valid only at SO County Papa John's Pizza Stores. I 

Expl .... 12/30/06 
~ V~\)[\lO\\lIS PIZZA PARTY! • v~\)l\l\\\\\lS HIRING DRIVERS! 

I TWO LARGE I Earn up to I 
: Two Topping $18.99: $14th : 
I PIZZAS r. (hourly + tips) I 
I Umlted delivery area - Delivery Charges May Apply. Pili PImI S1 more·1 Call or stop by Papa John's at UTC I 

Not valid wlh any other offer. Customer pays all applicable sales tax . I 
I Valid only at SO County Papa John's Pizza Stores. I I ExpI .... 12/30/06. I 4130 La Jolla Village Drive 1.14.1-HOO I 
-----------------------------------

The Distance From Here 
by Neil LaBute 

Directed by Walt Jones 
in 157 Galbraith Theatre 
Tues. Feb. 28 - Fri. Mar. 3 at 8pm 
Sat. Mar. 4 at 2pm and 8pm 
$5 General Admission • $4 Student 
Box orno.: 858.534.41574 • http://theatre.ucad.edu 



1O CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Chance to Win $ 150. Many Identities, 
One Community Essay Contest. 
Human Relations Awareness Week 
2006. www.sohr.ucsd.edu for info. 
(3/13) 

EMPLOYMENT 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. $725.$1050 hourly 

Call Jacki 
(858)565-2144 

Swim Instructors 911 -17 per hour. San 
Diego 858·273-7946. North County 
760-744-7946. (3/16) 

Gymnastics instructors wanted -
Solana Beach, elementary-aged chil-
dren. Pays $8-14/hr., experience/pro-
ductivity/personality matter. Hours 
available Mon.-Thurs. afternoons, Sat. 
mornings. 858-481-4966 or www.trc-
gymnastics.com (4/20) 

ATTENTION FUTURE TEACHERS: Teach 
fun science classes for elementary age 
students weekday afternoons. $20-
$30 per one hour class. Apply online 
www.madsciencesd.org/sandiego 
(2/27) 

Summer Counselors Wanted: 
Counselors needed for our student 
travel and pre-college enrichment 
programs, middle school enrich-
ment, and college admissions prep. 
Applicants must be 21 years old 
by June 20th and possess a valid 
driver's license. We need: Mature, 
Hardworking, Energetic individuals 
who can dedicate 4-7 weeks mentor-
ing and supervising teens. To receive 
information or apply, please visit our 
website: www.summerfun.com. or 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
- 1 Birds with iride>cent plumage 

10 Doisy reI.tive 
15 Golfe(. dfeom 
16 Debonair 
17 CompIeIe 
18 Kind 01 code or colony 
19 Walkedover 
20 Lay down fresh tracks 
21 Male or female 
22 DIMe 
24 Penona _ grata 
25 Surround 

.. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify. edit, delete offensive words and pha"es. 
andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notiftcatlon. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Guardian liable (or any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue. all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the Incorrect port ion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations. 
PIN.e .end all corre.pondence regarding CI.sslfieds to: 
UCSD Gu.rdl.n, Attn: CI .... lfled., 9500 GIlINI. Drive '0316,l.a JoIl., CA 92093. 
Actualloaotlon: Student Center A, Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates' 

Students: $5 per 20 word. 
Faculty & Staff: $7.50 per 20 word. 

All others: S 12 per 20 word. 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AQ Rates 

$20.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Pub. Date Display Ads line Ads 

Mon. 4pmMON 1 wk 4pmMON 1 wk 
Thun. 4 pm TH 1 wit 4pmTH1w1t 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 

PERSONALS 

TELL 
HER 

ABOUT 
IT 

IN THE CLASSIFIED 
PERSONALS! 

THE' ~JIu,ww; CLASSIFIEDS 
email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Cla5sifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org Adman's unofficial Movie Trivia 

Contest: Be the first to email 
mfoulks@ucsd.edu or come in to the 
Guardian to collect cash, prizes & 
fame. This mayor may not be Google-
proof: Please recite Pedro's campaign 
slogan (Yes, when he ran for HS Prez.) 
Good luck. (2/27) 

800-645-6611 (3/16) 

Appointment Setter / Exec. Assist. 
Entertainment service industry com-
pany. S 10 hr + bonus DOE 1-800-
790-8890, apply daily 11 -7pm 3333 
Midway Dr. #206 SD (sports arena 
area) no ca lis (3/2) 

HELP WANTED: Gymnastics instructors 
needed. Must be great with kids, ath-
letic and energetic. Please call Rock 'N 
Tumble 858-487-7799 (3/2) 

BECOME A DELL CAMPUS REP - EARN 
$12/hr. Make your own hours and gain 
amazing experience for your resume! 
Positions start immediately. Go to: 
Repnation.com/dell to apply (2/27) 

Fast growing, nutritional beverage 
company looking for highly ener-
getic, reliable and friendly · people 
for part-time event marketing posi-
tions in San Diego area. Must be able 
to communicate well and have an 
interest in exercise and healthy liv-
ing. Flexible hours and diverse work 
environment. Please e-mail resume to 
jobs@newsunnutrition.com. For com-
pany information, check out www. 
frsplus.com (2/27) 

CASHIER full/part time pOSitions 
available looking for friendly hon -
est individuals 10/hr. email teddy at 
hipcatI977@aol.com (3/2) 

28 Verbal .... rns 
29 Gallery wort<s 
30 Ken and Lena 
31 TOOIhpoSle conlainer 
32 Asian inland .... 
33 Hue 
34 Sober 
35 Tiny bit 
36 Mai<e alPin 
37 Part of. dollar 
38 Re!Cues 
39 Nocturnal bird 
40 StrorIt!hoIds 

Enthusiastic people needed to make 
outbound calls for a La Jolla Mort. Co. 
Can make up $20H + Bonuses. Call 
858-454-1952 x 124 (312) 

Summer Day Camp Counselors 
Needed! Stay here in San Diego, 
Drive a camp van to and from camp 
in Rancho Penasquitos (just east of 
Carmel Valley). Make a difference in 
the life of a child! 858-487-6000, www. 
outpostsummercamps.com (4/27) 

Mother's helper needed in Rancho 
Penasquitos area. 8 month old girl. 
Child Dev. Majors preferred. 8-12 
hours/week. 858-538-5751 (2/27) 

WANTED 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVING •••. _ 

STARTING 
FROM THE LOW 

$400,OOOs. 

D1E~Gu\RoJAN CLASSIFIEDS 
Volunteers paid $30 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26; call 

41 Salad grt.'en 
42 G.mbling cube 
43 Antarctic sea 
44 For instance 
4S Tyrant 
47 'The Olildren's Hour" playwright 
51 Missssppi quartetl 
52 "Wild Hill" c,,",tar 
54 Find a new tenant for a flat 
55 Felonious fire star1"" 
56 With guile 
57 Lowe", in spirits 

DOWN 
1 Womout 
2 _ de France 
] Choir voice 
4 Finds hidden meanings within 
5 Basswoods 
6 Encyclopedia volume 
7 Showdown time. often 
6 African antelope 
9 Match port 
10 Quaking trees 
11 Tallow material 
12 Old name 01 Madagascars c.pilal 
13 Draws moisture from 
H U nstoppoble 
20 Stirred up 
22 School skippers 
23 Established customs 
25 Dragsters 
26 1986 Nobel Peace Prize winner 
27 Without due care 
28 Aquatic mammals 
32 BelI.donna lily 
34 H~it 
38 T ri .... with three unequal angles 
40 Fictionel snowman 
404 Ti juana address 
46 Outer banana 
.7 Lock with. pin 
.8 Neishbor or Conn. 
49 Poker_ 
50 Unlouchoble Eliot 
52 Man abouI .... house 
5] Dander 
Sft 5OI.UTIONS _ ..... 

552-8585 x 5590 (3/16) 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000-$ 15000 for qualified, 
responsible applicants. All ethnic 
backgrounds welcome. Special Need 
for Jewish, Asian, and East Indian 
donors. Close personal support by 
experienced donor. Call Dawn @ 951-
696-7466. Full info at www.fertilityal-
ternatlves.com (6/8) 

SERVICES 

Tennis @ Noon - USPTR instructor will 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 
min. lesson any time between 11 -2, 
M-F. UCSD special : 1 or 2 players $20. 
Call 619-787-S475 (3/ 16) 

r - - - - - -

North Korean leader Kim Jong-il shot 
11 hole-in-ones on his first attempt at 
golf, according to the AP. Kim turned 
64 Thursday and was offered birthday 
congratulations over the telephone 
from Russian President Vladimir Putin . 
Professor Andy Kummel also offered 
his congradulations, thanking the 
"great leader" for his endless array of 
Chemistry exam questions. (2/16) 

See the Classifieds online at ucsd-
guardl.n.org. (2/27) 

- - - - -

., 
•• 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

We now IICcepl tritonplus I 
I er:t crea~ve ingredients 
~ distinctive I 
~ pi 

. 

zplzza 
8657 

Villa La Jolla Drive 
I Suite 109 
I San Diego. CA 92037 
I 

Bri.; 
ad I 

25% 
J 

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

S'oftball Stands 4-0 In CCAA Play 
• SOFTBALL, from page 12 
scoring one run in the first and three more in 
the fifth. thanks ' to back-to-back homers by 
sophomores Vazquez and Jenny Maze. The 
game-winning run came on a suicide squeeze 
play in the bottom of the ninth inning. in 
which senior Desiree Franciscus scored Carino. 
Franciscus lead the team with four hits in the 5-4 
Triton victory. 

Ward. who started out shakily. regained com-
posure to finish the game, not allowing another 
run after the first inning and striking out four 
Gators. 

In the second game against San Francisco 
State. Fullerton came on early in relief of fresh-

Tritons Remain 
Flawless In CCAA 

Overtime Play 
• BASKETBALL, from page 12 

The second half proved to be much more 
of a defensive struggle. with neither team hold-
ing more than a five-point advantage. After an 
incredible 10 lead changes and five ties, sopho-
more transfer guard Jason BuU made one of two 
free throws to give UCSD a 53-52 lead with 1:13 
remaining. However, UCSD's four-game win-
ning streak came to an end after a Dion Cook 
layup with 33 seconds left on the clock gave the 
Broncos the lead. Cook rebounded UCSD's final 
attempt and put an exclamation point on the win 
with a dunk in the final second. 

Peters led UCSD with 12 points on 4-of-9 
shooting from the three-point range while Allard 
grabbed a team-high seven rebounds and dished 
out a game-high seven assists. As a team, UCSD 
won the battle of the boards. 26-23. and com-
mitted 14 turnovers to Pomona's 17. However, 
the Tritons could not match the Broncos' 57.5 
percent field-goal shooting. convening only 43.4 
percent of their fidd -goal attempts and less than 
40 percent of their three-point tries. 

UCSD returns home for its final two games 
of the year. taking on San Francisco State on 
March 3 and Sonoma State in the March 4 sea-
son finale. 

man Lauren Chastain. who walked the first 
three batters of the game to load the bases. 
FuUerton got the Tritons out of the jam but 
later allowed three runs in the second to make 
the score 3-0. 

The Tritons stepped up to the challenge. 
responding with seven runs in the second. only 
four of which were earned Capitalizing on Gator 
errors. the runs came off only five hits. Freshman 
Jenni Habib, Spencer and Anderson each earned 
mus with their hits in the 7-4 win. 

UCSD will continue its trek next weekend, 
heading out on the road to Chico State. After the 
doubleheader on March 3, the Tritons will travd 
to Cal State Stanislaus on March 4. 

UCSD Winless 
In Previous II 

League Matches 
• VOLLEYBALL, from page 12 
straight sets to No. 7 UCLA, 26-30, 22-30. 
14-30. 

In game one. the Tritons looked strong. 
leading late in the game. 24-22. However. 
the Bruins went on to score six-straight 
times with the help offour UCSDerrors. and 
would go on to win. 25-30. 

In game two. the Bruins jumped out early 
to take a 10-point lead. 11 -21. The Tritons 
could not get their defense going. onJy tal-
lying up one block as a team for the match. 
UCLA took advantage by hitting .412 and 
cruised to a 22-30 win . 

UCSD led early in game three but found 
themselves deadlocked with UCLA at 9-
9. The Bruins were not fazed by the early 
threat and scored 12 of the next 13 points 
to lead 10-21. The Tritons were in too deep 
to recover and lost the game 14-30. 

Senior outside hitter Mike Reuter led the 
Tritons with II kills and a .308 hitting clip. 
while junior opposite Steve Klosterman paced 
UCLA with 16 kills and only one error. 

The Tritons are back in action against No. 
8 UC Santa Barbara on March 3 and No. 5 
Cal State Northridge on March 4. 

When you're ready to put your knowledge and skills to 
work in the postgraduation job market, look to California's 
leading workers' compensation insurance carrier. 
You'll find exciting career opportunities at State Fund. 
plus ongoing ways to nurture your professional 
growth-induding on-the-job training that can broaden 
your skills and improve your advan<:ement potential. You'll 
also find an employer with a solid reputation as an ethical 
corporate citizen and partner in the community. 
Get the job that fits your skills today, plus the rewarding 
career that can meet your needs tomorrow. Visit 
www.scif.com/careers or call us at (415) 703-7407. 

Administration 
Auditing 

SPORTS 11 

Business Services 
Claims 
Communications 
Customer Service 
Anance & Accounting 
Human Resources 
Information Technology 
Legal 
Loss Control 
Marketing 
Undelwriting 

-



12 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rael Enteen 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

VOLLEYBALL'S 
EFFORTS FALL 

SHORTVS. 
VCI, VCLA 

Tritons' strong 
performance not 
enough to overcome 
No.2 Anteaters, No.7 
Bruins in consecutive 
straight -set losses. 

By Paul Choi 
STAfF WRI TER 

There was no UC love for the 
Tritons this weekend, not even in a 
single game. 

On Feb. 25. the UCSD men's vol -
leyball team lost to No. 2 U~ Irvine 
in straight sets: 20-30,27-30,22-30. 

The loss dropped the Tritons to 
I- I 4 for the season and 0- II in the 
Mountain Pacific ports Federation, 
while the Anteaters improved to 14-
3, 9-2 MP F. 

UCSD actually put up a fight 
the whole night against a very good 
defensive team, including freshman 
libero Brent Asuka, who leads the 
M PSF in digs. 

"They had to play well to beat us, 
[and] we got their respect;' senior 
outs ide hitter Jon Daze said. "We 
lost. but we're taking a lot of positives 
from this game:' 

After falling behind early in game 
one. 6- 14, the Tritons scored six-
straight points. But as usual, a service 
error caused a switch in momentum. 
Irvine would take advantage by put-
ting together a mini run to lead 
15-23 and eventually take game one 
20-30. 

With several ties and' a few lead 
changes, the two teams went back and 
forth, exchanging points throughout 
game two. UCSD came out aggres-
sively. leading 13-11 at one point and 
forcing the Anteaters to call a time 
out. Irvine started to come back, but 
every time the Anteaters put a small 
run together. the Tritons came back 
with one of their own. After trailing 
by four points. UCSD cut the lead by 
one, forCing Irvine to take another 
time out. 

"We fought hard, we really battled 
with them," head coach Kevin Ring 
said. "We don't need to make a lot of 
improvements, just one or two plays 
makes a difference for the game." 

The Tritons would go on to tie the 
game at 25-25. T he Anteaters then 
scored the next two points before a 
kill by junior middle blocker Garret 
Smith pulled the Tritons within 
range at 26-27. Irvine next scored 
three of the following next four 
points to close out game two 27-30 
on sophomore middle blocker Aaron 
Harrell's kill. 

"For whatever reason, even if San 
Diego is having a year where they 
don't have a great record, they always 
play the UCs tough;' Irvine coach 
John Speraw said. "They had their 
chances to beat us. but we made a 
few more plays at the end of each 
game." . 

T he Anteaters took a four-point 
lead in game three, but UCSD came 
back to make the score 16- 17. 

Mistakes would prove more cost-
ly for the Tritons in the latter part of 
the game. as Irvine showed why it is 
ranked at No.2 with a 13-6 run to 
end the match at 22-30. 

"The problem is. when you make 
an error late in the game. you don't 
have any room for recovery and it's 
hard to come back from it." Ring 
said . 

The night before. UCSD lost in 

[ VOLlEYBALL, page 11 ] 

, 
, 

1'HE"GUARDIAN 
HOT CORNER 

Women's Basketball 

SPORTS The No. 24 Tritons continued their historic season by earning two crucial league victories. a 70-50 win over Cal Poly Pomona on Feb. 24 and a 68-56 vicory over Cal State Dominguez Hills on Feb. 25, improving to 21-4 overall. 
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 27, 2006 

Softball Undefeated In CCAA After Sweeps 

G REG DIILE/GUIoRDIIoN 
Sophomore third baseman Jenny Maze had a solo home run in the Tritons' 5-4 win over San 
Francisco State. thefirst a/the team's/our games to start league play on Feb. 24 and 25. 

U CSD wins both 
weekend double-
headers against San 
Francisco State and 
Sonoma State. 

By Lauren Kalo 
STAFF WRITER 

The UCSD softball team stormed 
into its 2006 season last weekend, tear-
ing through doubleheaders on Feb. 
24 and Feb. 25 at home. Extending 
their winning streak to four straight. 
the Tritons beat both San Francisco 
State and Sonoma State, and are now 
undefeated in their conference and 
13-6 overall. 

Riding high on their previous wins 
over San Francisco State on Feb. 24. 
the Tritons returned on Feb. 25 to 
face Sonoma State. They set out early 
in the game. scoring two off of senior 
outfielder Niki Anderson's Single in 
the second. Sonoma State came back 
with one run in the third and another 
three in the fourth to take the 4-2 lead 
over UCSD. 

In the bottom ofthe fourth. senior 
outfielder Jenny Spencer answered the 
deficit with a two-run shot to he the 
game. Junior outfielder Brittni Carino 
followed up the bomb with a single 
and stole second, putting her in posi-
tion to score the go-ahead run. She 
did just that on sophomore Elizabeth 
Vazquez's RBI single to push the 
Tritons ahead of the Seawolves. 

Sophomore starting pitcher 

Melissa Ward worked out of a bases-
loaded situation in the seventh and 
the Tritons walked off with a 5-4 win. 

Ward improved her record to 8-2, 
thanks in part to Spencer and junior 
catcher Nikki Palmer, who led the • 
team with two hits apiece. 

In the second game of the day. the 
Tritons found themselves trailing 6-0 
in the third inning. Franciscus lead 
the team in the Tritons' fourth come-
from-behind win in a row. launch-
ing a two-run homer in the third. 
Junior Dallas Hernandez contributed 
another long ball in the fourth and 
the Tritons tallied 12 runs against 
Sonoma State. 

Sonoma was unable to match 
UCSD's offense and the Tritons ran 
away with the victory. 13-7. 

Sophomore Nicole Fullerton was 
awarded the win in relief. giving up six 
hits but only one run. She improved to 
4-2 on the year. 

Spencer led the Tritons in the last 
game of the weekend with three hits, 
three runs and four RBIs. Her second 
homer of the day came in the fifth 
inning and cemented UCSD's lead. 

Before faCing Sonoma State, the 
Tritons began their league schedule by 
sweeping two games against No.9 San 
Francisco State on Feb. 24. 

The first game began in favor of the 
Gators, as Ward gave up three Singles 
and a grand slam in her first five pitch-
es, leaving the Tritons trailing by four 
runs after the top of the first il1n4tg. 

The Tritons retaliated fiercely. 

[ SOmALL. page 11 ] 

Program-Best 14th Win Can't Get UCSD to Playoffs 
UCSD follows close 
elimination-game 
defeat with OT 
victory against CSU 
Dominguez Hills. 

By Joe Tevelowitz 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

After its four-game winning streak 
ended with a three-point loss at Cal 
Poly Pomona on Feb. 24. the UCSD 
men's basketball team exhibited the 
resolve and poise that has been part of 
its team character all season. beating 
Cal State Dominguez Hills by three 
points in overtime the next day. 

The 56-53 loss to the Broncos 
ended UCSD's longest winning streak 
in eight years and its postseason 
chances. but the 80-77 victory the 
next night gave the Tritons a perfect 
3-0 overtime record in conference 
games, 3-1 overall. and guarapteed the 
team a winning record in California 
Collegiate Athletic Association play 
for the first time since joining the con-
ference before the 2000-0 I season. 

Earlier this season, the Tritons had 
their largest margin of victory in their 
CCAA history with a 79-46 win over 
Cal State Dominguez Hills on Jan. 20. 
UCSD never trailed in the game. On 
Feb. 25. the Tritons found out early 
against Dominguez Hills that things 
would not be so easy this time around. 
After junior guard Robby Peters got 
the offense going with back-to-back 
three-pointers to give UCSD an early 
6-2 advantage. the Toros immediately 
came back, tying the game after a 
Shamont Brown jumper and a Durwin 
Williams dunk. 

After that, the two teams rallied 
for nine lead changes and five more 
ties throughout the first half. as nei-
ther team was able to build an advan-
tage or allow their opponent to have 
one. Neither team led by more than 
three points in the half and. after two 
free throws by sophomore guard Clint 
Allard, the Tritons went into half-
time down one. 29-28. to a team that 

seemed nothing like the squad they 
handled with ease just one month 
earlier. 

The second half started much like 
the first, with a three-pointer from 
Peters starting things off. The Toros 
responded with a three-point play 
from junior center/forward Trevon 
Bryant and to regain their one-point 
advantage. Something seemed to dick 
for UCSD at that point. as a free throw 
by senior guard Odioh Odiye began a 
nine-point UCSD run. 

Unlike the seesaw battle of the 
first half, the Tritons were able to 
maintain their lead in the second. 
building up to a double-digit margin 
at the eight-minute-20-second mark. 
With just over six minutes left in the 
game, UCSD led 63-52 after Peters' 
fourth and fmal three-pointer of the 
game. Then Dominguez Hills' Carlos 
Rivers took over, scoring II -straight 
points, nine on back-to-back three-
pointers, and leading an amazing 13-2 
run that tied the game at 65, with 2:39 
remaining. 

After free throws from both sides, 
Toro freshman guard Jonathan Toliver 
gave Dominguez Hills their first lead 
since early in the second half. 69-
68, after a jumper with 40 seconds 
remaining. Coming out of a time out, 
Allard was able to draw a foul and. 
after missing his first free throw, made 
his second to send the game into 
overtime. 

In the extra period, Allard seemed 
determined to atone for not winning 
the game in regulation. With Allard 
scoring five of the team's II overtime 
points and Rivers. unable to continue 
his heroics, turning the ball over twice 
in the period. the Tritons held on for 
the win and completed the season 
sweep of Dominguez Hills. 

Allard led four UCSD players in 
double digits with 21 points, and also 
chipped in three rebounds. two assists 
and one steal Peters had 14 points. 
freshman forward Henry Patterson 
added 13 and freshman guard Shane 
Poppen had 10. Sophomore guard 
Andrew Hatch scored eight points 
while netting team highs with five 

KUNIIL SUKHIJII/GUARD/AN 
Junior center Justin Sinnott's post play helped propel the Tritons to tIwir bat D-O rerord in!ldJOOl 
history. However, a 56-53 loss to Cal Poly Pomona on Fth. 24 ended UCSD's pIayoffltope. 
rebounds and three assists. 

The Toros were led by two 
reserves. with Rivers scoring a game-
high 31 points in 29 n}inutes of action 
and Williams adding 16 points and 
a game-high seven rebounds off the 
bench. 

The Feb. 2411l1tCh~ with Cal Poly 
Pomona was another 1bugh contest. 
Although they too!ttlll early lead, the 
Tritons were agUi unable to extend 

it to a comfurtable margin and found 
themselva down by four points mid-
way through the half. That would be 
the largest lead for either tearn in the 
period as UCSD battled back, taking 
a three-point lead with less than 1M 
minutes in the half before a 10-4 run 
gave the Broncos a 29-26 advantase at 
the break. 

[ IASU1IAU., page 11] 

, I • ,. , 


