
BECAUSE YOUR MOM'S HOUSE GETS OLD ~ SPRING BREAK TRAVEL GUIDE, PAGE 7 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

H. RoD I 
www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 2006 The Student Vbice Since 1967 

Professors 
Groan Over 
Class Reader 

Embargo 
A.S. Soft Reserves still 
not profiting from 
policy enforcement. 

By Yllsha _ harma 
STAfF WRITER 

A bevy of student and professors 
are complaining about inconvenienc-
es, caused by the enforcement of an 
old campus policy that bars vendors 
such as University Readers and Postal 
Plus from elling class readers and 
course packets on campus. 

Political science profes or Ellen 
Comisso called the policy a "great 
burden" because it requires tudents 
to make special arrangements to pick 
up their readers from off-campus 
sites. 

"It mean it is more difficult for 
them to do the assignments, and that 
certainly affect, the instructor's ability 
to conduct the class;' she stated in an 
e-mail . 

Students ordering readers online 
have caused a campus wide backlog 
of student mail delivery due to the 
influx of thousands of course packets 
and readers. 

Several students have complained 
of receiving packages a week later than 
expected and were unable to complete 
assignments in time for class, accord-
ing to Haley Kim, a worker at the par-
cel center in John Muir College. 

However, none of the problems 
have stopped professors from using 

[ READERS, page 2) 

THE SRTV SHUTDOWN 

Election Won't Sway Ratcliff SRTVBAN 
PRESSED 

BY ADMIN 
'Plan B: which gave 
officials veto power 
over SRTY, was mulled 
long before shutdown. 

By Charles Nguyen 
EWS EDITOR 

Weeks before the station wa 
pulled off the air, top campu admin-
istrators privately discussed cont in-
gency plans that includl!J stopping 
transmission of the Student- Ru n 
Televi ion Signal and appointing an 
administrator wi th power to veto 
programming decisions, accord ing to 
544 pages of internal e-mails obtained 
by the Guardian through California's 
Public Record Act. 

BillY W ONG/GUARDIIIN 
John Muir College alumnus Steve York argues against Thurgood Marshall College Council Chair Denis Shmidt during the elections debate. During the same period, admin-istrators maintained publicly and in 

media interviews that they would 
largely allow student government 
leaders to handle the SRTV po rnog-
raphy. on their own, with minimal 
university interference. 

Student Life head 
says results won't 
bring SRTV back 
unless station charter 
is revised 

By Erika Cervantes 
STAFF WRITER 

A special election this week that 
could determine whether or not 
the A.S. Council was correct to 
ban "graphical depictions of sexual-
ity involving nudity" on Student-
Run Television is not changing the 
university's hard-line stance on the 

station's revival. 
Because the university owns 

Triton Cable, which broadcasts 
SRTV's signal, it will have full pur-
view over the station no matter the 
outcome of the election, according 
to acting Assistant Vice Chancellor 
of Student Life Gary R. Ratcliff. 
Also, a provision in the A.S. consti-
tution prohibiting the A .S. Council 
from acting on overturned legisla-
tion makes university officials wary 
of allowing the station to return 
without proper oversight, Ratcliff 
said. 

"Overturning the A.S. legisla-
tion prohibiting graphic depictions 
of sexual activity involving nudity 

means a SRTV show producer could 
produce a pornographic program 
much like Steve York's and air it;' 
Ratcliff said. "' fully anticipate the 
university will not provide SRTV 
access to the Triton Cable network 
to air graphically explicit ex acts." 

In response to a pornographic 
fUm shown on SRTV made by York, 
a John Muir College alumnus, the 
A.S. Council implemented a ban on 
graphic nudity in an Oct. 26 bill. 

After York showed another 
pornographic film, this time with 
Thurgood Marshall Senior Senator 
Kate Pillon's face superimposed 

[ ELECTION, page 3) 

Since October, several adminis-
trators, including acting Assistant 
Vice Chancellor of Student Life Gary 
R. Ratcliff and Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Joseph w. Watson, 
contemplated applying rules and 
regulations to the station through 
tools such as a board to approve pro-
gramming decisions, according to the 
documents. 

Ratcliff's plan, outlined in an 
e-mail sent in October, included a 
backup strategy that would give the 
university power over the station. 

"I think our plan A should be to 
encourage A.S. to develop a program 
review board that is broad in its make 
up and that reviews program propos-
als to make sure they comply with 
their current rules and regulations," 
Ratcliff stated in an e-mail to Watson 
on Oct. 6. "If A.S. does not success-
fully implement this board and SRTV 
airS a pornographic program, then 
we can say we gave students a chance 
to work [itl out and can justify mov-
ing to plan B in which the univer ity, 
as the provider of the cable network 
system, issues rules and regulations to 
the stations that u e this system:' 

Ratcliff's e-mail came one day 
after the A.S. Council tabled an SRTV 
nudity ban, effectively killing the 
measure after howings of pornogra-
phy produced by and featuring John 
Muir Coijege alumnus Steve York. 
After Watson approved of the plan, 
Ratcliff went further, uggesting that 
the board would run during a "trial 
period," and emphasized the pos ibil-
ity of "granting [an I administrator 
veto power" in case the proposed tu-
dent committee was "dysfunctionaJ:' 

[ ADMIN, page 13 I 

INSIDE WEATHER 
Lights and Sirens .. .. .......... .. ... .. 3 
Column .... ......... .... ...... ........... . 4 Jan. 23 Ian. 24 
Site Seen ............................... 11 H68 L41 H68L41 
Campus Calendar ... ... .... .... .... 12 
C1assifieds .... .... ........ .. ...... .. .. . 14 
Crossword .............. .. .... .. ....... 14 

)In. 25 )In. 26 
H65L43 H63L42 



I NEWS THE UCSO GUARDIAN ~V, jANUAIIV 23, 2006 

WE're All in This 1""-""·" THE~IAN 
Grant SdIrader &IIor ill CIIIef 

Vladimlr~ 
Ian S. 

MaIuPIII':IIkIn 

Nathan Miklos Capy&lloll 
Healher Welles 

Charles Nguyen News fdIIor 
Matthew McAtdIe AIIOd* News &IIIDr 
Marianne Madden 0pInI000 fdIIor 

Hanna Camp AMocWt 0pi00I00t &liar 
Rae! Entcen Sports fdIIor 

Christine Pae fGaafdllor 

Marnette Federis AuocI* fecus &IIIDr 

CURRENTS-------------------------------- Cody B. N.boo" ...... fdIIor Christine Clark ~""EcIkIn 
Researchers Isolate 

Chocolatey Goodness 
An international team of 

researchers led by scientists from 
UC Davis, Harvard University 
and' Germany's Heinrich-Hei ne 
University has located the heart-
healthy chemical in cocoa and 
some chocolate products. 

Researchers hope that the fi nd-
ings wi ll lead to new dietary and 
medicinal methods for maintaining 
a healthy heart . . To obtain resu lts, 
sc ientists studied urine samples 
from the Kuna Indians, who live 

on an island chain off the coast 
of Panama. The Kuna people are 
known to consume three to four 
cups of cOCoa per day and have 
very low instances of high blood 
pressure or other heart problems. 

UCSF, USF Partner for 
Dental Program 

.UC San Francisco and the 
University of San Francisco have 
announced that they will join forc-
es to create a program that will 
offer jOint doctor of dental surgery 
and master's of business adminis-

tration degrees. 
The program would be one of 

only 10 nationwide, and its goal 
is to provide dental students with 
an understanding of fundamental 
business concepts applicable to 
any organization. 

College Graduates 
Lack Basic Skills 

According to' a new study 
released on Jan. 19 by theAmerican 
Institutes of Research, 20 percent 
of college graduates from four-
year universities and 30 percent of 

community college graduates lack 
basic computational skills, such as 
being able to tell whether or not 
they have enough gas in the car to 
make it to the next station. 

The study was conducted across 
80 institutions and found that a 
student's major or type of school 
- technical or academic, public 
or private - was not a good indi-
cator of his or her skill level. 

White students outperformed 
every other ethnic group. In ad~i- ' 
tion, graduates whose parents 
attended college showed more 
skill than graduates whose parents 
did not attend college. 

Gaiilie Faure 

Billy Wong ..... fdIIor 

Alexander Varond ~"'&IIIDr 
Andrew Nguyen Detlpldlor 

fIIiIoNI AHisbnt 
Maithew ~HeuretJx 

,.uyout 
Richard Choi, Nalash. Naraghi, Wendy Shieu, 

Ulako Ueda, Simone Wilson 
(opyReMien 

Chrl' Covinglon. Matthew McArdle. 
Neda Oreizy 

Michael Foulks ~~ 
Michelle Tsai Siudenl Advertisins 

MaNpr 

Council Questioned Legality of Off-campus Vendors Last Year 
Mike Martinez ~.\rt Diredor 

Kim.long le Senior 8utiMu 
AuiWnt 

Christy factor Business AsIistMII 
AdwertiHment Dei' n and LJrout 

• READERS, from page 1 sion to seU products on campus. 
The absence of permiSSion violat-

ed campus policy, which requires tbe 
universiry to enter into an agreement 
with vendors in order for them to 
solici t sales, Corell 
said. 

is the only enterprise on campus that 
gives the money it makes from the 
readers back to the students;' she stat-
ed in an e-mail. 

Chen also said that students could 
only be spared 
from off-campus 

she stated. George Chen. R~ard Cho, 
outside vendors. A.S. Commissioner 
of Enterprise Operations Angela 
Chen said that no professors have 
switched their orders to the on-cam-
pus A.S. Soft Reserves this quarter, 
despite the enforcement of campus 
policy. 

Universiry Readers itself is sell -
ing readers for more than a hundred 
upper- and lower-division courses 
this quarter. 

The A.S. Council ordered an 
investigation of off-campus vendors 
at the end of last year, when there 
were complaints of un afe practices, 
according to ~evelle College Council 
Senior Senator Rachel CoreU. 

"There was no 
way to identify a 
seller as legit;' she 
said. 

There was no 
offi cial way to deter-
mine if the sellers 
sold correct readers 
or for the correct 
prices, Corell said. 

Soft Reserves requires 
an extremely long 

lead time?' 

tr a n sporta tion 
problems and 
mail jams if pro-
fe sors use A.S. 
Soft Reserves. 

Nevertheless, 
Comisso said 
that she. found 
A.S. oft Reserves 

Since students are not around 
during the breaks. professors would 
either have to have course material 
ready one quarter ahead of time, or 
else wait until the third week of win -
ter quarter for students to start doing 
the reading, she said. 

"[With Postal Plus], even when [ 
can't get it in until the Thursday before 
class begins, it's ready on Monday:' 
Comisso stated. 

Comisso also questioned the A.S. 

The UCSD Cuordi,n Is published Mondays 
and Thursdays during the . cademic year by 
UCSD students .nd fOr the UCSD community. 
Repruductioo 01 this newsp.per in any form. 
whethe< in whole 0< in part, withoot permission 
is strictly prohibited. I) 2006 • • 11 rights reserved. 
The ucsD Cuardlan is not responsible for the 
return of unsolicited manuscripts Of art. The views 

e)(pr~sed ht."ein do not necesQrily represenl the 
OPinionS of the VCSD Guardian, the University 
01 C. lifornia 0< Associa:ed Students. The UCSD 
Gu.rdi.n IS funded solely by advert ising. · Shiet 
negro, that's all roo had to say .. 

General Editorial : 858-534-6580 
ediwr@ucsdguardian.org 

News: 858-534·522 &, n"." 1@UCs<i/i'lJfdIJn.org 
Focus: 858·534-5226, IMures>!l'Uc!dgUdfdiJn.org 
Hiatus: 858·534-6583, h"tu5@ucsdsuardian.org 

- Ellen Comisso, Professor, 
Political Science Department 

C<,uncil's interest~ in enforcing the 
campus policy. 

"They know Soft Reserves is 'legit-
imate,"' she stated.' "Come on, does 
this mean they know competitors are 
not legitimate? If they don't, why not 
even the playing field [and] let the 
buyers choose?" 

Opinion: 8SIl-534·6582. opinion@ucsdgu.,di.norg 
5por1s: 8511-534-6582, sporu@ucsdguarrJlan.org 
Photo: 8511-534-6582, p/>oIo@ucsdguardian.org 

"[They werel seUing out of their 
trunk , leading students to parking 
lots [and] selling at night in remote 
locations," she said . 

According to Corell, the vendors 
never contacted UCSD for permis-

Although A.S. Soft Reserves sales 
revenues have remained largely the 
same this quarter, professors should 
consider using the service to benefit 
the campus, according to Chen. 

"A.S. Soft Reserves observes all 
cash handling and copyright laws and · 

Foctory Maintenance. Scheduled Computer & Electrical Repairs 
General Aulomotve Repairs 

~.rd ( 5 t . ,., 
AuUiiiiRIIve 737 Turquoise St., Paci~c Beach 

www.boulevardautomotlve_com E-MAIL : boulevordau.oOson.rr.com r-----------, lOlL CHANGE $9~!~1 "':&::·1:~;: I PIoo .. coli r.r """"'_. ",,",Con ood 
Iighl r""b Wi'" eo..,... e.p; ... 2/11/06 

-----------
FREE TOWING IN PB OR LA JOLLA 

Thinking of Moving Off Campusl 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo for Youl 
WHY RENT1BUYI 

• Rent tile extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the nnt monq to f1GY for the mortgage ..• 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
' ... your parents can write off the/ntenst on tIN mortgogel 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
FlntJlrtalror. hormall.com • www.cllcolifornlo.com/rollin 

"quite unsatisfac-
tory" the one time she used it. Other 
professors declined comment on the 
issue. 

Advertising: 858-534-3466 
ads@ucsd8uardian.org 

Fax: 858-534-7691 
"For those of us who revise and 

put together our course packets over 
breaks and vacations, Soft Reserves 
requires an extremely long lead time:' 

Readers call colltact Yasha Sharma at 
yasha_s2k@yahoo.com. ' 

The UCSD Guardian 
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 
www.ucsdguardian.org 

CAUUS 
FOR WNCJIJ 
~~ 

\l~pMa\\"S STUDENT DISCOUNT EVERYDAY! I ~~Pl\la\\"S GET A PIZZA FREE! 
I 

I One Large One Topping Pizza 

: $7.99 
I Umned delivery .... . Delivery Ch .... Moy Apply. Pin Pizza S1 """". 

Valid student 10 required. No dllCount. It tho door. You ........ for tN. I oller when 0fdeftrC. Not vllid will fIfY other oller. Cuot .... _III I appIlc_ - to. . VIIId oN)' It SO County p .... _'s Pimt 81 ..... 
.....,..2/11/01 

I 
I 
I 

Buy One, Get One 

FREE 
1 ... - ................. • ................ • ..... 1 
..... .... Pin Pimt 51 ""'"'. Umtled detlllllfY .... - DelIVery Char,es I May Apply. Not Yilid wth.ny other otfwf. CUilamer PllYIIIIII.-lcable I 
I ..... lex . Valid only II so County PIPI John'I Plzzs Stores. I 

...... 2/18/01 
• ~~p~lQ\\"~ EXTRA! EXTRA! · 9~91\1a\\"S PIZZA PARTY! 

$1 OFF ANY SIDE ITEM TWO LARGE I 
Breadsticks· Cheese ~ticks I Two Topping $18.99: 

I Chicken Wings • Chicken Strips I PIZZAS • 
I Umlted delivery .... . Delivery Cher,. May Apply. • Umlted delIVery _ - DIIIIIIIIfy Charles May Apply P PlID S1 • 

Not valid wlh .ny other oIfIK. CUilamer pay, 1111 .-Icable ..... I.. Not v8l1c1 will..., ot,. orr. CUIt_ III ......... ":. I Valid only 81 so County PIPI John', Plm St_. I VIrIId only 81 so ~ P..,. =, PIDII St-. . • 
I Exphe 2/11/01 I - ........ 2/18/01 I 
----------- ----------- -----

MONDAV, JANUARY 23. 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

LIGHTS & SIRENS --- Sweeten Denies Council's Role in Shutdown 
Saturday, ,an. 14 

12:55 a.m.: Officers arrested a 19-
year-old male student at Hopkins Drive 
for driving under the influence of alco-
hol and possession of false identifica-
tion. Transpor~ to CoUllty DetelltiOll 
Facility. 

1:13 a.m.: Officers detained an 
18-year-old student in Lot 402 for 
being drunk in public. Thlnsported to 
Thornton Hospital by officer. 

2:01 a.m.: Officers arrested a 25-
year-old male student at Scholars Drive 
South for driving under the influence 
of alcohol. 7ransported to County 
Ddention &;ility. 

2:05 a.m.: An 18-year-old female 
student suffered alcohol poisoning at 
Tioga Hall. Thmsported to Thornton 
Hospital by officer. 

10:15 a.m.: A student I'qIOrted 
theft of gas from a vehicle in Pangea 
Parking Structure. Loss: $20. 

9:37 p.m.: Officers detained a 40-
year-old female nonaffiliate at John 
Moores Cancer Center for being a dan-
ger to herself and others. Transported 
to COUllty Mental Hospital. 

Sunday, Jan. 15 
1 :22 a.m.: A 19-year-old female 

student suffered a laceration to the 
stomach from a shattered glass table at 
a Thurgood Marshall CoUege residence 
hall, Transported to Thorntoll Hospital 
by paramedics. 

3:10 LIn.: Officers delained a 25· 
year-old female student at Villa La 
Jolla Drive for being drunk in public. 
Trallsported to delox. 
. 8:04 a.m.: A 38-year-old male stu-
dent suffered a seizure at Miramar 
Road. Transported to Scripps Memorial 
Hospital by parameilics. 

8:26 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of gas in Lot 502. Loss: $5. 

Monday. Jan. 16 
10:38 a.m.: A nonaffiliate report-

ed the burglary and vandalism at the 
Student Center construction site. Loss: 

$200. 
11:57 p.m.: Officers arrested a 19-

year-old male student at Black Hall for 
being under the influence of psilocybin 
mushrooms. Transported to Thornton 
Hospital by paramedics. 

TueIday, Jan. 17 
12:47 p.m.: A student reported the 

theft of a wallet from Geisel Library. 
Loss: $211. 

1:48 p.m.: A staff member reported 
the theft of a silver B8 Dahon Helios 
commuter bike from the east bike racks 
at Geisel Library. Loss: $450. 

5:57 p.m.: A staff member reported 
an attempted theft of a black 1998 Jeep 
Wrangler from Discovery Way. 

Watm.Iay, Jan. 18 
9:58 a.m.: A student reported 

the theft of a silver Mongoose MGX 
mountain bicycle from the Earth Hall 
bike racks. Loss: $100. 

6:30 p.m.: A 19-year-old female 
student suffered bums to her feet and 
ankles after placing them in plaster. 
Transported to UCSD Medical Center 
by paramedics. 

9:12 p.m.: A student reported the 
theft of a red 1993 Jeep Wrangler. Loss: 
$5,000. 

9:31 p.m.: A student reported van-
dalism to a black 2005 Arora RSX in 
Lot 701. Loss: $400. 

Thunday, Jan. 19 
11:40 a.m.: A nonaffUiate reported 

the theft of copper wire at the School of 
Pharmacology. Loss: $3,600. 

4:05 p.m.: A 30-year-old female 
staff member complained of shortness 
of breath at Torrey Pines Center North. 
Subject f'l!jused treatment. 

8:57 p.m.: An 18-year-old female 
student complained of clamminess and 
nausea at Europe Hall. Transported to 
Thorntoll Hospital by paramedics. 

- Compilal by Charlt:s Nguyrn 
NEWS EDITOR 

• ELECTION, from page 1 
on an adult film actress, Ihe council 
passed legislation on Nov. 2 that 
barred York, his production compa-
nyand "Koala TV" from the station's 
premises. Fearing that the council 
could not properly enforce the rule 
over a weekend. student govern-
ment leaders ordered the station 
shut down on Nov. 4. Administrative 
officials then denied the request to 
reactivate the station on Nov. 7. 

Under the A.S. constitution, a 
15-percent voter turnout is required 
for the election to be valid, which is 
not much less than the 20 percent of 
students who voted in last year's A.S. 
elections. Special Elections Manager 
Puneet Gupta said he is optimistic 
about student participation. 

Most of the S600 allocated from 
the $4.000 A.S. elections budget will ' 
fund laptop rentals for the polling 
station as weIl as pUbliciry fliers and 
sample ballots, according to Gupta. 

A debate, staged on Jan. 20 in 
Price Center, featured banter between 
York and Thurgood Marshall College 
Council Chair Denis Shrnidt on the 
nuances of free speech and the elec-
tion. 

York accused the A.S. Council 
of buckling under pressure from the 
administration and not upholding 
students' First Amendment rights. 

"Our student government has 
ignored thousands upon thousands 
of students ... and [has] bowed 
down to administrative pressure," 
York said. 

The administration, not the A.S. 
Council, is at fault for SRTV's shut-
down, according to A.S. President 
Christopher Sweeten. 

"Let me make this clear - A.S. 
did not shut down the television 
station, the administration did," he 
said. "A.S. requested that the station 
be turned back on. [The administra-
tion] decided to keep il turned off 
until [it J had an assurance that this 

issue would not be brought up again 
year after year." 

During the debate, Shmidt sug-
gested that the council was, in fact, 
listening to student opinion. and was 
acting in students' interests. Students 
should realize that airing pornog-
raphy on SRTV reflects negatively 
on UCSD as a campus, and could 
haunt them in future job interviews, 
he said. 

"The A.S. Council gets pres-
sure from everyone - the admin-
istration. students; he said. "The 
pressure we did fold to was student 
opinion - students that said they 
didn't want to be known as 'the porn 
school.-

become a 
freedom of 

speech issue?' 
- Denis Shmidt, Chair, 

Thurgood Marshall Student 
College Council 

York dismissed this argument, 
citing examples of repulable schools 
with controversial. pornographic 
media - such as Harvard's H-Bomb 
magazine - and noted that Vlese 
publications have not debased the 
presligious campuses. 

Accordiflg to Gupta, difficuJties 
arose in organizing the debate and 
flllding a speaker to face off against 
York. This reflects the fear that York's 
"political satire" of Pillon created, 
according to Shmidt. 

"It's ironic that this has become 
a freedom of speech issue," Shmidt 
said "A lot of people didn't want 
to speak out against pornography 
because they were afraid. A lot of 
people didn't even want to do this 

M~ qOK fft) r~ 
'-«.1',01\: On Sun (,.~ LAwn (nt«t ~t' ~) 

\>ottS ~ j.,.~ 13'. --1. Lot" 

debate, because the person that did 
ended up with her face on porn the 
next week. Is that free speech?" 

The debate ended with an act 
symbolic of York's signature bom-
bastic manner: UCSD's men's crew 
team members performed a sug-
gestive dance in the middle of Price 
Center plaza in skin-tight shorts. 

Before Ihe administration green-
lights SRTV's return, the A.S. Council 
needs more control over the station, 
in the form of a program review 
board that would screen SRTV con-
tent, according to Sweeten. , 

"The program review board 
wouJd be made up of SRTV mem-
be.rs, A.S. -members and students 
across campus that wouJd go over 
programming, making sure it meets 
the criteria required," Sweeten said. 
"SRTV provides a lot of live T.V. 
shows, so they wouJd have to turn in 
a script ahead of time and not differ 
from it." 

Meanwhile, a separate SRTV task 
force has been drafting a new charter 
for the station and plans to meet with 
1II1.iversity representatives for their 
recommendations, according to task 
force member and Vice President of 
Academic Affairs Harry Khanna. 

"Irrespective of whether the deci-
sion of the A.S. Council is over-
ridden or not. my hope is that the 
administration respects the decision 
of the students and allows the station 
to come back on the air." Khanna 
said. 

Sweeten said that if the election 
overrides the bills, the A.S. constitu-
tion wiU not allow changes to the 
SRTV charter for one year, keeping 
SRTV off the air. 

"At that point, the only thing 
we could do is try to go on to an 
advocacy with the administration," 
Sweeten said. 

Readers call COil tact Erika Cervalltes 
at ecervantes@ucsd.edu. 



4 ~ 
OPINION 

Web poU I What was your favorite movie of 2005? 

CONTACT THE EDITOR 
Mariann, Maddt:n 

opinion@uc5dguardian.org 

MONDAY. JANUARY 23.2006 

SRTV'S WEEK OF RECKONING 
Students must retain the right to 
determine what is moral and acceptable 
in the creative outlets they fund. 

W hile neither side acknowl -edges it, there is one important fact about the 
A.S. special election that students 
must understand: No matter how 
they vote. Student-Run Television 
will remain off the air_ The effect 
of the election. if any. wiU be pu rely 
symbolic. That said, the mes age at 
stake is an important one. 

At the heart of the controversy is 
neither "free expression:' a the side 
favor ing overrides claims. nor "hate 
speech;' as their opponents counter; 
it i instead the question of how 
much control students can retain 
over their self-assessed student fees. 
which have multiplied in recent 
years and pay fo r everything from 
the construction of the expanded 
Price Center to the production of 
the Sun God festival. 

We believe that students are still 

the rightful guardians of their dol-
lars. and thus urge them to vote to 
override the two SRTV regulations 
largely thrust upon our student gov-
ernment by campus administrators. 

WHAT IT WOULD DO 
~ Throw out A.S. Council 
legislation banning 
"graphical depictions of 
sexual activity involving 

nudity~ on Student-Run 
Television and the sanc-
tions against "Koala TV~ 
producers • 

It is true t hat SRTV broadcast 
porn of the type that few enjoyed. 
But it did so using equipment paid 
for b y students. from a building paid 
for by a student referendum and 
through a cable service paid for by 

the rent of campus residents. That 
should have settled this controversy 
long before it reached this point. 

In Bill 119. the A.S. Council -
acting under immense pressure from 
campus administrators - concluded 
that sexua] nudity, and the commu-
nicative elements it expresses. are 
inappropriate for ai ring on a campus 
station_ We believe thi s .was nei ther 
the council's nor the administration's 
decision to make. 

Students must now decide 
whether they believe that either their 
own student government. or the uni-
versity. have the authori ty to make 
moral judgments about what sort of 
messages can be disseminated on a 
student-run station. and what rhe-
torical tools can be used to do it. We 
urge them to deny this power to any-
one other than stude"ts themselves. 

The arguments against Bill ISO 

are much more clear-cut: The mea-
sure. banning "Koala Tv," was large-
ly a stop-gap attempt to pacify acting 
Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student 
Life Gary R. Ratcliff and keep the 

WHY WE SAY "YES" 
• LettIng the A.S. bHI 
stand sets a frightening 
precedent for adminis-
trative interference over 
control of self-assessed 
student fees 

station on the ai r. With SRTV now 
shut down . the legislation serves no 
useful purpose and remains a blot of 
censorship on the reputation of the 
A.S. Council. 

If students override the two mea-
sures, SRTV will surely remain off 
the air. But even if the legislation 

• Other 0 Brokebock MountAin 
• Star Wa,. Episode III Munich 

• 40 Yur Old Vir,in • Weddin, Crashers 

~DIAN 
EDITORIAL BOARD 

GrClllt Schrader 
EDITOR IN CHIEF 

VIcIdimir Kogan 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Ian S. Port 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Charles Nguym 
NEWS EDITOR 

Marianftt Madden 
OPINION EDITOR 

JENNi fE R HSUlCUARDlAN 

is allowed to remain . the station 
will stay dark: Ratcliff has said he 
would not permit broadcasts to 
resume without a slew of new rules. 
including a ban on all live program-
ming and the creation of a govern-
ing board to make programming ' 
decisions - regulations stricter than 
those of the six un iversity-owned 
coUege stations_ 

No matter how they vote in this 
election. most students would surely 
agree that Ratcliff's demand s are 
untenable; though admini strators 
may have leverage over our student 
government, they can't control the 
students. who continue to volun-
tarily pay for many vital services on 
which the university depends. 

In the end. SRTV may end up 
being the price we pay for reaffirm-
-ing the sovereignty of students in 
controlling their own money. 

Views expressed he re in represent the majority vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those of the UC Board of Rege nts! the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

Here's a Novel Idea: Raise Student Fees at the University of California 
I t's the stuff of children's books: A greedy. powerful Gubernator is persuaded by virtuous. learned 
and worldly public servants in the 
UC Students Association, in the last 
days before his budget release. to 
capitulate and protect California's 
public college students from even 
higher tuition fees 
next year. 

the UCSA would ever have the guts 
to propose it: Drastically raise fees for 
the students that can afford it. 

Currently. state tax dollars pay 
for at least two-thirds of the more 
than $20.000 a single year at a UC 
campus costs (excluding housing, 
food. textbooks. etc.) . This is true 

ats 
off 

How beauti-
fu lly thr ill ing, 
and how dastardly 
untrue. The real-
ity - a sklUful 
politician uses 
college fees as a 

Vladimir n 

for every student 
in the University 
of Cali fo rnia. 
incl uding those 
who could afford 
to pay a larger 
portion of the cost 
themselves. and 

vkogan@lIcsd.edu 
amounts to an 

inefficient system of untargeted aid 
that helps the rich as much as the 
poor. 

symbolic but substanceless appeal 
for re-election and a power-hungry 
group of student lobbyists rushes in 
to claim credit - is somewhat less 
pretty. Worse yet. reality would also 
acknowledge one other fact: Gov. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger's fee "buy-
out" plan does absolutely nothing to 
make college more affordable for the 
most vulnerable and poorest students 
- the group. UCSA has argued. that 
has been hit the hardest by the tuition 
increa es in the last four years. 

There is. however. a way to make 
a UC education affordable fo r all. 
though neither Schwarzenegger nor 

Campus liberals have long 
squeaked loudly over things like cor-
porate welfare. cost-distorting subsi-
dies for fossil fuels and inefficiently 
cheap water provided to large agro-
businesses. Surprisingly few. though. 
seem to understand the Similarity 
between other forms of wasteful gov-
ernment subsidies for the richest ech-
elons of society and the role of the 
state in subsidizing their own student 
fees. 

For yea rs. the nonpartisan 

Legislative Analyst's Office has rec-
ommended that wealthier students 
pay a larger share of the cost of their 
UC education. allowing the state 
to use its scarce resources to offet 
aid targeted to low-income families. 
who surely need aU the help they 

Another problem with rights 
rhetoric is that it is normative and 
value-based. Just as UCSA may do 
with higher education. an energy-
industry lobbyist can use the same 
passionate appeals. the same preachy 
oratory and the same zeal to argue 

that cheap gaso-
line is. indeed, 

can get. Yet such an 
approach has been 
opposed by UCSA. 
even though the 
group has long tried 
to link its lobbying 
efforts to the inter-
ests of the needy. 

.... _ ... er fees would 
bring another, 

unrelated benefit: 

an equally basic 
human right. 
The same can 
be done with 
almost any ser-
vice the govern-
ment provides. Instead. the orga-

niution (a quint-
essential special 
interest group) has 
argued - that "edu-
cation is a right," 
much like normal 
K -12 schooling that 

more concern for 
the University of 
California for the 

In the end. 
whether or not 
one believes that 
college should 
be cheap and 
plentiful. she wishes of its students:' 

is made available at 
no cost to students of all me;ms. 
Whatever the intellectual appeal of 
this argument to the bleeding hearts 
that tend to be present in overwhelm-
ing numbers on UC campuses. it is 
oblivious to the reality of the out-
side world: Resources are scarce. and 
should be appropriated in the most 
efficient fashion. 

rently neither. 

must acknowl-
edge that it is cur-

Higher fees would bring another. 
unrelated benefit: more concern by 
the University of California for the 
wishes of its students. Currently. the 
university Is essentially guaranteed 
to receive state funding. since there 
will always be more students want-
ing to obtain the cheap subsidized 

education than there are spots. Thus. 
the university can ignore the needs 
of undergraduate students and focus 
instead on procuring research funds. 

However, if state funds suddenly 
went to individual needy students. 
who would be able to take them to 
any university of their choosing. and 
rich students had to pay something 
resembling the full cost of their edu-
cation. UC campuses would actually 
have to compete in quality against 
other schools for the money. This 
would result in a liealthy competi-
tion that would force campuses to 
woo students by looking out for their 
interests{ 

At the end. higher fees aud target-
ed aid would be a win-win solution. 
malting the university more accell-
sible and more responsive without 
a penny more of state funds than 
it currently receives. But don't hold 
your breath fur UCSA to propose it. 
If a large share of students. no matter 
how rich. suddenly stopped receiving 
their share of state funds. they would 
surely have no relson to continue 
paying UCSA's annual dues. which is 
why the group would never go along. 

Welcome to the slimy world _of 
politicS. You won't find it in any chil-
dren's book. 

MONDAY. JANUARY 23. 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPINION 5 

Funding Education is the Best Solution to Unequal Opportunity 
Racial admissions bill 
conflicts with state 
law and the hope of 
equal opportunity. 

By Natasha Narashi 
STAFF WRITER 

W hile Americans have come a long way since the days of Brown v. Board of 
Edu,"tion. new hurdles in the race to 
equal opportunity for education are 
constantly presenting themselves. 

In recent and rather desperate 
attempts to pave the road to equal-
ity. the California Assembly passed 
a bill permitting the University of 
California and the California State 
University to consider "race. ethnid-
ty. national origin. geographic origin. 
and household income in admission. 
so long as no preference is given." 
Such a rash push for equality pres-
ents two problems. one dealing with 
the legality of the bill and the other 
with the ideology behind it. 

According to Section 31. Article 
I (Proposition 209) of the California 
Constitution. "The State shall not 
discriminate against. or grant pref-
erential treatment to. any individual 
or group on the basis of race, sex. 
color. ethnicity. or national origin 
in the operation of public employ-
ment. public education. or public 
contracting." 

Proponents of the new bill naive-
ly argue that admissions officers 

mon ay 
ianuary 23 

can consider both race and gender 
issues without giving preference to 
one group. indicating the ideology 
behind the bill is too heavily rooted 
in idealism. 

"I would argue that it is impos-
sible for a human being to consider 
race without it becoming a plus or 
minus factor. Any consideration. if 
it's brought into the equation at all. 
is violating Proposition 209," said 
Director of Public Affairs for the 
American Civil Rights Coalition 
Diane Scharchterle. 

Similarly. it appears unfeasible for 
UCSD to consider race in the cur-
rent point-based admissions system 
without assigning preference. a clear 
violation of Proposition 209 and a 
direct conflict with the stated ratio-
nale for the bill - a push for equality 
among students. 

Thus. the assembly failed to take 
into account whether or not their 
plan for equality had a practical 
and legal execution. More troubling 
than the legal concerns. however. 
are ideological problems that exac-
erbate the struggle in defming equal 
opportunity. 

According to a University of 
California Admission Research 
Briefing Paper on "Underrepresented 
Minority Admissions at UC after SP-
I and Proposition 209," in 1996 only 
2.8 percent of blacks and 3.8 per-
cent of Latinos were eligible for UC 
admission. Assuming similar trends, 
the study projected these numbers 
would shift to 2 percent and 1.5 per-
cent. respectively. by the year 2008. 

At UCSD and UCLA. for example. 
the percentages of blacks compos-
ing the student body in the fall of 
2004 were I percent and 3.8 percent 
respectively. 

Director of the Ralph J. Bunche 
Center for African-American Studies 
and UCLA sociology Professor 

the argument 
minorities receive 

fewer opportunities 
in education as 

. the basis for the 
Eligibility in the Local 

Context signifies 
a deficiency in die 

school system, which 
is likely a result of 

poor socioeconomic 
conditions?' 

Darnell Hunt argues that "In the 
current environment. with no chal-
lenges to Proposition 209. we have 
few opportunities to ensure that the 
people populating the public institu-
tions in the state in any way reflect 
its diversity;" and thus supports the 

measures of the bill. While Hunt is greatest equality struggles depends 
right to realize the state education entirely on a compromise that 
system's need to encourage diversity, requires liberals and conservatives 
implementation of this goal has long to recognize a suffering K-12 educa-
presented problems. tion system. Only when Americans 

In response to the approval of ' recognize the issue will they be able 
Proposition 209. the University of to pave the for a more democratic 
California employed the Eligibility America that values equal opportu-
in the Local Context (ELC). which nities for all of its citizens. 
allowed students in the top 4 percent Moreover. consideration of 
of their high schools. to become race does not necessarily guaran-
UC-eligible. with the hope that tee diversity. In the Supreme Court 
more minorities would become eli- cases Grulter v. Bollinger and Gratz 
gible. Unfortunately. this action v. Bollinger. the court ruled the 
contributes little to the quest tor University of Michigan could ton-
equal opportunity because it attacks sider race in admissions if no quo-
merely a symptom of a disease-rid- tas were used ...... The University of 
den education system. There exists Michigan's ability to consider race. 
a larger problem than me.rely the however. produces surprisingly little 
difficulty minorities face in college difference in diversity .. 
admissions. In the fall of 2004. the University 

Through the use of the ELC poli- of Michigan had a student body corn-
ey. which looks at high schools inde- posed of 4.4 percent blacks. accord-
pendently rather than comparatively. ing to the student profLle data from 
the state admits differences between the Student Affairs Research group 
schools. Rather than attempting to at the university. Using cooperative 
account for these differences in the institutional research program data, 
admissions process, the state should the profile compared this number to 
remedy the sicknesses of K-12 edu- that of other highly selective public 
cation. Using the argument that institutions, which had 5.2 percent 
minorities receive fewer opportuni- blacks.s 
ties in education as the basis for ELC The slight difference between the 
exposes a long-standing deficiency percentages indicates race consid-
in-the school system. which is likely erations will not guarantee diver-
a result of poor socioeconomic con- sity or equality. and the University of 
ditions. Michigan is only one example. The 

Thus. leveling the playing field for only real progress toward creating a 
applicants means neither supporting country of more equal opportunity 
affirmative action nor ignoring the will result from increased equality 
disparities in race admissions entire- in elementary and secondary educa-
ly. Rather. solving one ofthe nation's tion. not higher education. 

FILMS MUSIC & ENTE~TAINMENT 

POCKET EVENTS GUIDE 

The #1 portable gujqefoto 
campus events and In 

Grab a PEG at EDNA in 
the Price Center t9dayl 

., . . ... 

t)r Ie e " Elrl'e r 
r 11f (1 t If· • "i 1'11 

• '. I ' • f ' I :.,. :. I I L 
• ,r • .. ' .' I '1 

~ J I \ '" J 



6·· ... -
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Cluistinl! Pae 
!eatures@llcsdguardian.org 

Move over blackboard and chalk dust. Move over pad and pencil. Even move over that overcrowded city bus. A new way to go to class is transform-ing the old-fashioned exchange of information, giving a very 21 st century meaning to the phrase 
"face to face." 

Distance Learning and Conferencing at UCSD, a program 
that initially began some 15 years ago, has enabled seminars, 
classes, interviews and conferences to take place between 
people miles or even oceans apart. The novelty of this particu-
lar kind of Distance Learning is difficult to overestimate; the 
c1as room environment is recreated to be nearly identical to 
the traditional one so that students at UCSD can sit and listen 
to a guest lecturer from, say, Singapore, as if he were in the same 
room. Likewise, instructors still can see their students nodding 
off and can respond easily when they hear them ask questions. 

How is this possible? Sherman George, director of UCSD's 
Media Center, explained that the program involves the "simul -
taneous transmission of distance students and the instructor" 
using streaming audio and video in real time. Located in the 
Center for Library and Instructional Computing Services 
facility room just adjacent to Revelle College, George helped 
build the room from scratch with Facilities Manager Howard 
Laurence in the early 1990s. George explained that the reliabil-
ity of the network and technology has made Distan!:e Learning 
progreSSively easier and more accessible. 

"It's pretty much a stable technology; George said. "It's not 
anything exotic now." 

In the control booth of the program's sole venue. Laurence 
described the features of their state-of-the-art room: a graph-
ics camera, Elmo slide to Video Transfer. and 60" Smartboard 
Interactive Display System, to name a few. 

Laurence explained in layman's terms what exactly all this 
media can do. Set up like a TV production studiO, Laurence 
and his staff can add graphics to PC presentations, utilize pic-
ture-to-picture, manipulate 3-D objects, even superimpose the 
instructor onto the material he is presenting (picture a weather 
man) using their "chroma key" feature. The Smartboard tech -
nology, baSically a whiteboard with brains, allows professors to 
write directly onto it, save it as a file , then post it on the Internet 
for later viewing. What's more, each student in the facility room 
has their own microphone, while the technician at hand - who 
decides how both the in tructors and students see each other 
- can pan and zoom onto an inquiring student. 

"We run all the equipment and do all the testing so it's 
'hand-off' for the instructor;' Laurence said. 

So how much does all this equipment cost? According to 
Lau rence and George, not as much as you would think. 

"The basic system runs on a couple thousand dollars, but it 
operates on the arne tandard used all around the world , either 
IP or ISDN lines;' Laurence said. Set up on a recharge system, 
the program bills individual departments and clients for their 
use of tbe room, and since there's no charge per minute, it can 
be ve ry economical, Laurence explained. 

"it 's a modest amount of money considering what kind of 
results it delivers;' George said . 

So far, the program offer undergraduate and graduate class -
es from various fields of study, including physics, anthropology 
and sociology. Laurence even recounted a time when the the-
ater department used the facility to work on a script with col-
laborators in New York. The program is both nationwide and 
international, enabling communication between UCSD and 
South America, Scandinavia, Japan - the list goes on and on. 

"It lets the university have more breadth and instruction 
and it allows the students to take courses they would normally 
have to travel a great distance to take," George said. Moreover, 
"it allows people who have very narrowed expertise to teach at 
multiple campuses." 

Perhaps Distance Learning's most promising product is 
the newborn graduate studies program established last year 
between UCSD's Jacobs School of Engineering and Los Alamos 
National Laboratory (LANL). The brainchUd of UCSD struc-
tural engineering professor Michael Todd, the program offers 
15 graduate classes in a new field of study that goes across the 
spectrum of engineering. 

"The program we offer is one of a kind, combining research 
that cross disciplines in mechanical, electrical, and computer 
engineering,- Senior Advisor to the Dean of Engineering Lindy 
Nagata stated in an e-mall. "To my knowledge the degree is not 

~ ... THE 'f.lGuARDIAN 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

MONDAY,JANUARY 23, 2006 

offered at other academic institutions." 
Dr. Todd. who is now co-principle director of the Los Alamos 

program, explained that Los Alamos initially approached 
UCSD because it identified the need to hire potentially 1,000 
new engineers in critical skill areas. From there, Todd and 
his associates "pushed the envelope hard" to set up a template 
for UCSD graduates to take these classes. The program also 
acknowledged the need and demand to educate existing Los 
Alamos employees in such areas. 

"Los Alamos employees need to be educated in these depart-
ments too; Todd said. "There's many who want to advance their 
education but can't be relieved of their job:' 

The result was a new graduate program built from scratch 
that relied on Distance Learning as its main medium of com-
munication. 

Currently, the program offers graduate students a degree in 
the area of structural health monitoring, research on technolo-
gies that detect damage and predict the remaining useful life of 
engineered systems. This research, Nagata explained, will sup-
port critical infrastructure management in both the civil and 
defense sectors, including stewardship ofthe U.S. nuclear weap-
ons stockpile. and maintenance of bridges. roads and aircraft. 

UCSD has since made Los Alamos senior scientists adjunct 
faculty, marrying the know-how of UCSD students and faculty 
with the expertise of Los Alamos scientists and employees. 

"By offering this program at a distance, we are able to con-
nect with students who have excellent technical backgrounds, 
are engaged in research at a world-class facility and have a 
strong need for technical background in this area, but are 
physically isolated; Nagata said. "LANL staff also share their 
knowledge and experience by mentoring students and teaching 
courses from our distant site back to students here at UCSD." 

Todd also listed a variety of potential clients of the program, 
who were no doubt attracted by the convenience of gaining a 
master's or Ph .D without having to leave work. 

"There are some big ongoing discussions with the high-des-
ert communities; Todd said, listing the Navy and defense com-
panies such as Boeing among the locations where thousands of 
employees are seeking higher education. 

Distance Learning does alleviate the pains of distance and 
seems to bring education right into your own backyard. But 
its heavy reliance on technology raises a familiar question: Is 
this another form of pseudo-communication that threatens to 
undermine real human interaction under the guise of speed 
and convenience? 

Psychology professor Stuart Anstis, who specializes in 
sensation and perception, said "it [Distance Learning] doesn't 
seem to me to be all that different." Instead, Anstis explained, 
a bigger problem with communication may be found in the 
instructor-student ratio. Nonetheless, he admitted that with 
each step of technological distance, "you lose something. I'm 
not quite sure why:' 

Associate professor of psychology Vic Ferreira agreed. "The 
limited fidelity of any video or audio transmission system, rela-
tive to 'real life; will always make it so that professors can expe-
rience less about their students, and students can experience 
less about their professors;' Ferreira said. "Just like it's much 
more engaging to see a band live than it is to watch a concert 
on DVD, so too do I think a professor is more engaging to see 
live than over a remote link:' 

"But if we can teach more people in California because we 
can bring the classroom to them ... that's a good thing; Ferreira 
said. "Providing more options to potential students in our state 
can only benefit them:' 

Supporters of the system are also careful to note that 
Distance Learning involves two-way, real-time communica-
tion. 

"This is not distance learning in the non personal context; 
Todd said. "If the standard is relaxed, then it enters a whole new 
realm of distance education. What is required is face-to-face 
communication even if that's through a video Link." 

This face-to-face communication, Laurence explained, has 
not only built educational grounds but has also created long-
lasting friendships between people who have never actually 
been in the same room. 

"It's almost like they're right there." Laurence said. 
So. although Distance Learning may not give you the plea-

sure of reaching out and touching someone. it may just be, as 
Laurence says, "the next best thing:" 

PERSPECTIVE 
'G ...... uk a professor is more 

engaging to see live than 
over a remote link." 

- Vic Ferreira, Associate Professor, Psychology Department 

orne 
C 00 e 

By Christine Kwon 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

• 

• 
• 

• 

• 
• 
• 

UCSD FACILITY HOSTS : 
• 

THE ULTIMATE • 
• 

• 
• 

LONG-DISTANCE • _. 
• 
• 

RELATIONSHIP IN • 
• 
• 

EDUCATION • • 
• 

Locafed in tIw Cl.IC3 fucilifJI room, ItalHftltHut equiprMnt for lilt 
DiIfrDtcf ~ and Conftmtcin9 ~ enabla JtudentJ to atmId 
/ectvres IteId in placet as far aWQJ/ as Sweden and Japan. 



8 TRAVEL 

Sunshine Store Winter Film Special 
FREE 
SX7 

COLOR 

RlCaiva • COUpon 
with IY8ry roll 

of color print film 
Sunshine Store 
858.534.2875 
1st floor 
UCSD Bookstore 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I proces .... Jan 23-28 I 

I Sorry, no IPS, IIW or...... I I ______________ J 

ay;n THEsftGuARDIAN 
TRAVEL SE(.l1ON page 7 Chiro for UCSD p.9 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 2006 

~ Portland, Oregon 
Tax-Free Shopping, City-Sized Bookstores and Hip 
Cafes Aplenty Make for Fine Rainy Day Escapes 

By Jennifer Hare 
STArF WRITER 

Can't afford the plane ticket to 
Europe or the Ca ribbean but still 
want to get your feet wet with adven-
ture? A week-long jaunt to Portland 
might just fit the bill. I know what 
you're thinking: Why would I want 
rain on my spring break vacation? 
Before you make any assumptions. 
read on. Chances are, only fun will 
be in the forecast. 

Sensational Shopping: 
The heart of Portland's urban 

sophistication can be found between 
West Burnside Street and NW 
Lovejoy Street - here you'll find a 
profusion of galleries, cafes, restau-
rants and chic boutiques in what is 
known as the Nob Hill neighbor-
hood . Nearby 21 st Avenue also has 
a cluster of noteworthy shops. The 
Hawthorne District qters to a more 
alternative crowd and is rich with 
bookstores, coffeehouses, used -
CD shops and taverns. Sellwood's 
Antique Row is the best place to find 
an attic's assortment of antiques. 
Be sure not to leave without visit-
ing one of Portland's most stylish 
vicinities, the Pearl District- Also, 
there's no sales tax in Oregon, so 
plan to buy your favorite things at a 
reduced rate. 

Just to Say You've Done It: 
Take the opportunity to ogle Mills 

End Park in the Yamhill National 
Historic District. At 24 inches in 
diameter, it's been listed as the 
world's smallest official city park in 
the Guinness Book of World Records. 
Be careful not to lose yourself in 
Powell's City of Books, the largest 

independent bookstore in the world 
wit h more than 1.5 million new and 
used books. One loyal patron loved 
the place so much that his ashes are 
encased in a cement column known 
as the "Pillar of Books." 

Gardens Galore: 
Given the plethora of rain it 

receives each year, Portland abounds 
with luscious verdure. One must-see 
is Portland's Classic Chinese Garden, 
the largest Suzhou-style garden out-
side of China, Take some time to 
unwind in the tea house overlook-
ing the garden and lake; from there 
you can anticipate a walk through 
the "Hall of Brocade Clouds" and 
pristine koi ponds interspersed with 
courtyards, waterfalls and other 
landscaping gems. 

Fantastic Fare: 
When it comes to satiating hun-

ger, Portland's got you covered. Since 
it is vacation, why not indulge with 
something a little more extraordi-
nary? Marrakesh Moroccan restau-
rant features a dark atmosphere, 
belly-dancing performances on 
Wednesday through Saturday eve-
nings, and $19 banquets for four 
people or ,more. You can feast on 
braised hare in cumin and paprika 
sauce and wash it down with mint 
tea. Sample drunken noodles under 
Buddha's gaze at Typhoon! or indulge 
yourself with the rich, jewel-toned 
decor and a bowl of "Udon Dream" 
at Wild Abandon. If American com-
fort food is all you want, Mother's 
Bistro serves it up with classy ambi-
ence (503.464.1122). 

Lodging: 
The Lion and the Rose, a 1906 

Queen-Anne -style mansion and the 
city's only Victorian bed and break-
fast, you'll find formal elegance at 
its best. Pamper yourself with two-
course breakfasts, evening snacks 
and afternoon tea. Best of all, it's 
within an easy walk of a free MAX 
(Metropolitan Area Express) ride 
downtown. If econolodging is more 
your style and you don't mind sleep-
ing in bunk beds, Portland offers 
some quality youth hostels at only 
$16 a night. Check them out at 
http://www.bootsnall.com . 

Transportation Tips: 
Amtrak's Coast Starlight travels 

daily between Seattle, Portland and 
Los Angeles. The trip from L.A. to 
Portland is estimated at 29 hours 
and round -trip coach seati ng costs 
around $170. You'll be "docking:' 
so to speak, at the marble-walled 
Union Station. 

The MAX links eastern and west-
ern Portland suburbs with down -
town. It runs from 5:30 a.m. to 1 
a.m. about every 15 minutes. You 
can buy an unlimited all ~day ticket 
for $4 or a three-day visitor's pass 
for $10. 

Tri-Met is the bus service for 
the greater Portland area . It's free 
throughout the entire downtown 
"Fareless Square: which is bor-
dered by NW Irving Street tn the 
north, the Willamette River to the 
east, and Interstate 405 to the west 
and south. If you're driving, look 
for Portland's "Smart Park" park-
ing garages downtown to avoid the 
hassle (and ex:pense) of metered 
parking. Most will validate for two 
free hours with a purchase of $25 or 
more; just ask to have your parking 
ticket stamped. 

Go Abroad with U C Irvin e 
2006 Travel Study Program! 

trave •• study. live. 

Earn uc credit. No hassle transferring credit from abroad. 
FULFILL academic reqUirements! 

Go abroad for that 
once-in-a-lifetime 

experience r 

All courses are 
taught in English. 

all colleges, 
induding 

freshmen and 
graduating 

Plan ahead, get ahead , and graduate sooner. 

Go somewhere this summer. Enroll today! 

summer.ucLedultraveistudy 
traveI-studyflud.edu 

UCIrvine 
SUMMER SESSION 

J 

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~ San Francisco, California 
Dim Sum Delights Charm the City by the Bay 

By Kristen Wong 
CONTRI8UTI G WRIT[R 

This spring break, go over the hills 
and fa r away within the state limit. 
The Bay Area's jewel, San Francisco, 
offers something for every interest, 
from gorgeous bay views to a romp 
on Embarcadero that will pull purse 
strings taut 

Food: 
For many veterans, traveling in 

San Francisco off the beaten traiJ 
means a trip to Golden Gate Bakery, 
with pastries that gleam under sugar 
glaze behind glass counters. The bak-
ery specializes in everything from 
homespun American staples like pale 
yellow sponge cake to Chinese des-
serts such as egg custard cradled in 
flaky pastry shells. 

New Asia is the culinary strong-
hold of Chinatown's Pacific Avenue, 
where a sharp right-hand turn under 
a tiled archway will bring you into 
a scene out of Hong Kong. The res-
taurant prepares dim sum, a kind of 
brunch, where servers bus trolleys 
filled with steaming hors d'oeuvres 
in bamboo canisters through miles of 
tables while caterwauJing the names 
of their dishes. It 's the best way to 
get to Asia on a budget if not the 
absolute best dim sum around. If 
the adventurous cuisine leaves you 
hungry still, the Ferry Building on 
the Embarcadero offers food of every 
genre. 

Transportation: 

San Francisco's Chinatown shines as one of the city's most lively districts, with bustling 
markets, Chinese bakeries and dim sum r'l!staurants that won't empty your wallet. 
encourages exploration by foot, but 
the San Francisco Municipal Railway 
offers electric trolleys if you're in 
a hurry and want to mix with the 
locals. The BA RT railway will bring 
you into the city from satellite areas 
like Berkeley and Oakland, 

Lodging: 
San Francisco's lodging solution 

for the traveling student is Hostelling 
International, which houses guests in 
private or shared rooms at reasonable 
prices. A single bed in a room with 
4 to 5 beds, some of which bunk to 
the ceiling, will cost you around 522 
per night. The recently refurbished 
International Hostel on Mason Street 
is situated onJy a block from the 
hubbub of Union Square - the 
heart of San Francisco's addictive 
downtown shopping district. 

Ginsberg. Bill Morgan, who officiates 
over the landmark's history, has called 
the refuge "the lightning rod for a 
new generation of untamed poets:' 
From its establishment in 1953, City 
Lights Books has been a small store 
with big britches, claiming to be the 
first seller of only paperback books 
in the country. If you're interested 
in some extracurricular reading. the 
bookstore continues to market rare 
volumes of poetry and boasts richly-
titled shelves like "Stolen Continents" 
and "Muckraking." 

TRAVEL 9 

21H Wheeled Baf:k Paf:k 
by Hip Sierra 

1 8a3sln One • Carry-On Size 
Hidden back pack straps are stored 

behind a padded back pane. 
Removable front day pack. 

-""'" $ 8 999 
26"Wheeled Back Pack 

comp.I175.00 $119.99 

Head, Neck Ie 
Spine Center of SD 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, The Ferry Building also functions 
as a departure point for ferries that will 
take you to Larkspur and Sausalito, 
the sleepier side of the bay. New 
York has its Grand Central 'Station; 
San Francisco has this monument 
to local travel, which is accessible 
by land and sea. San Francisco itself 

Must Sees: 

For the prankster or whimsical at 
heart, Musee Mechanique displays a 
collection of mechanized toys from 
your "grandparent's parlor" - and 
what would San Francisco be without 
its robotic entertainers, penny 
arcades and coin-operated dolls? 
While locals lament the museum's 
2002 exodus from the Cliff House 
to touristy Fisherman's Wharf, this 
piece of hidden San Francisco history 
beckons from the far end of Pier 45 
- though you'll want to stay away 
from the crowds of tourists chasing 
clam chowder. 

UCSD insurance accepted 
For a little culture, take Jack 

Kerouac Alley to Columbus Avenue. 
There, you'U find City Lights Books, 
once the literary lair of Beat poets 
like Lawrence Ferlinghetti and Allen 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La Jolla, CA 92037 
818 III 3111 Fax .1 .... 1 .. 3841 

www./a/olladc.com 

Time Warner Cable makes student life a lot simpler. DIGITAL CABLE 

'OIIw _ .Ioouo<y ", 2001. For _ no. _ c.. Son DIogo _ """""'"'" ooIy. Diooaunt dopondo "" _ d 
__ . " .111_ fur. __ ......... "_--'""'I0t0IAC On Domendwlth __ ond Oigltal 
Homo _ ~ ooIy. 8200 -.go _ ... __ ~ ,.. lor IlKlIPIC On o.-.d mKl ~. Monthly 
~ ..."ty ond ...- _ eppIy _ dIooounI portod. " ond ,.. eppIy ~ ond pricing ....... ., -.g.. 

~_'*Y.." __ . _tonond...-w~...,,ty. DIooount __ ,o_-.,-t-
ooIy. DteI ..... ___ ""-' __ lpOOdod2IKond 5eK"-". (Dlgital __ not Indudo 
......... _ond Min tIw __ ., __ *---__ tnono be " __ , DIgitII_wIIl not be __ . 0Ifw __ In DIgitII _____ ooIy. _~ "-VOI..."ty fur _ r... onctorr 
__ a.--_ond ....... ___ .IOtIIor_IIIIIIY-_OIIIfur_. 

Get all three services 
on just one bill and SAVE! 

Digital Cable, 
Road Runner & 

Digital Home Phone 
far just 

$99.95 
• month 

far 4 months.. * 

• Over 225 channels 
• DVR 
• HDTV 
• Movies On Demand 
• All local programming, 

including cable-exclusive Padres 4 
• No expensive equipment to buy 

Road Runner 
HIGH SPEED ONLINE 
• Up to 100 times faster 

than dial-up! * 
• Always connected 
• Speed and performance 

you can't get from DSL 
• Makes homework a breeze! 

DIGITAL PHONE 
• Unlimited calling as low as 

$39.95 per month 
• Call anyone in the United States, 

like Mom and Dad, as often as you 
want. for as long as you want 

• Call waiting 
• Caller ID 

Digital Cable 
+ High-Speed Online 
+ Digital Phone 

= SAVINGS! 

(858) 695-3220 
WWW.twcH.com 

- / 



10 TRAVEL THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 2006 

r 
- - "'I ~ Utah's National Parks ------- - - ------•• 

• •• • 
We now aceepl trltonplus I Mother Nature Finds Her Most Eloquent Expression 
~ creative ingredients I By VaJltssa Pcng unconventionaUy shaped r~ pin- andtheVirginiaRiv~r. On.theoften-

STAff WRITER nade produced by weathenng and damp Narrows trail, a hiker must d.. · I resembling long mounds of sand jump from rock to rock to keep out ~ I stl n ctl'-~e The mild weather of spring is marked by brown, red. orange. yeI- of the river. The first mile of the 16-~ ". I I the ideal time of year to appreci- low and white hues. Hoodoos also mile trek is accessible to everyone. As • ate the diverse landscape that nature create spectacular natural amphithe- the cold mountain water flows briskly P I has to offer. And what better way to aters. The best method to view them through the arid canyon at an eleva-
• zplzza 
8657 

Villa La Jolla Drive 
Suite 109 

appreciate than a land of spectacular is to go on a hoodoo hike, which tion of 2,000 feet, hikers must watch 
scenery carved by millions of years grazes across several amphitheaters out for flash floods during rain in 

- of nature's forces, dotted by red rock and endlCss amounts of hoodoos. A the area. For vistas above the canyon 
canyons, towering arches and wind- great way to experiene Bryce is to floor, Watchman is a moderate trail 
ing river gorges? Utah is a play- visit the trails in the early morning. with a magnificent view of the park. 
ground for both experienced outdoor The virtually pure air will seduce you Angel's Landing is the most strenu-
enthusiasts and beginners who want with breathtaking views of constel- ous trail with long drop-oft's suitable 
to experience unspoiled wilderness. lations and the early night sky. The for the more serious hiker. But at the 
The state provides seemingly limitless sunrise will also cast the hoodoos in summit, hikers get to enjoy sweeping 
options for outdoor recreation, but a beautiful light. panoramic views of the park. 

I Son Diego, CA 92037 one of the best activities for a spring Spring break is a supe.rb time to break vacation is hiking. With five Zion National Park: hike Utah's national parks. During 
national parks. induding Zion. Bryce Zion National Park is another the winter months, some parts of 
Canyon. Capitol Reef. Canyonland great stop for a spring break trip to Zion and the entire Bryce Canyon 
and Arches, Utah's southern region Utah. It has a large variety of trails Park are covered in snow. In warmer 
has plenty of gorgeous miles to tread. that range from easy to strenuous. months. however. hikers can become 
Bryce Canyon and Zion are the two The Virginia River runs through the exhausted qUickly from the heat. 
most popular destinations. canyon floor of the park, creating Always carry plenty of water and let 

'5'-450-0660 

Need Banners? 
www.SANDIEGOBANNERS.com 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

spring break, study abroad & more 
Sample roundtrip Student Airfares from San Diego to: 

San Francisco $124 
San Jose $124 

Denver $169 

Amsterdam $432 
London $452 

Paris $510 
Visit StudentUniverse.com for cheap student airfares 

on major airlines to 1,000 destinations across the US 
and around the world. 

Searching for sensible solutions to 
unwelcome sexual comments? 

CallOSHPPI 
Office of Sexual Harassment 
Prevention & Policy (OSHPP) 

201 University Center 
(corner of Gilman and Myers) 

!534-8298 
http://oshpp.ucsd.edu 

Bryce Canyon: 
With its panoramic hoodoo land-

scape. Bryce Canyon is a unique place 
to visit and hike. A hoodoo is an 

trails that run by the waterside. Two someone know the route you plan to 
such trails are the River Walk and the take. Whichever park you pick. mak-
Narrows. The River Walk is a simple ing Utah your spring break destina-
two-mile path that offers exceUent tion will ensure unforgettable natural 
glimpses into the forestry of the park experiences. 

MOS· Open House 
A great start to the New Year! 

If one of your New Year's resolutions is to find a 
rewarding and stimulating career, MDS has what 
you're looking for. We have many positions available 
and are holding an MDS Open House in order to 
meet talented professionals. 

Come and meet with us on Wednesday, January 
25, 2006, from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m., at The Irvine 
Marriott, 18000 Von Karman Avenue, Irvine, 
CA 92612. Tei.: (949) 553-0100 

~ '-.MDS 
Science advancing health 

Please RSVP at TalentSourcingUSOmdsinc.com. 

Career opportunities available include: 
• Project Research Associate 
• Oinical Researdl Auociate (In-houM and FMtId) 
• Clinical Project Manager 

To apply online and for more information about 
our Open House, visit the Careers section of our 
website at www.mdsinc.com. 

We look forward to meeting you at our 
Open House. 

MutuIII TnM • GeIUne eonc.n • ..... far PeapIe • .... .., • c.nwuA ... to E* .... J 

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 2006 

lIIIN .. tII:w .... OM 
1ht .....,. offers • lull fMMI 01 
..."..,., ... saupe. ...... 1M combo 
.... COftIPIImeI- '" bona ... fMors ~ the 
-.s IndudIng jerkchlcMn andexOClc cIrInb. Trr 
tMCoconutWata MMldlnanKtUIICDCOl'Mthit 
can be fouNt. at .... off the lIIancI, In this c:hIIrft-
fng Cal...,., c.nteen. The AlIta RIp saftdwIch 
Is ... a ...... range ..... wfIh,..aect t.ortiIa 
.......... Cholet ~amychlckeft or"" •• 
*l •• s.., .... prIcIt. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN FOCUS 11 

-~DN!a:@;l:li;"M'·ilHlil[' 
a Qualitr larbering • All Styles I 

Appt. or Walk in • M 12.5, T·F t.5, Sat t·4 I 

~.~!.~Il~T 512 : 
IRog. 514) I 

DOWNTOWN LA JOLlA leD to Empre" Hotel I 
776~Fa!.Av:.?~ L~oll::. CA !..20!!, 8!8:!5~.5!9~ 

I 3251 Holiday (t. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858)~52-99~9 I L _______________________ ~ 

Confidential Egg Donors 
Needed Immediately! 

..... '1'0 .... co .... nut ...... ALi. CIUIJIft'l'O _____ 'I' 
ADVAIICK'I'O '11m ..:a.o ..... COMPEn'l'lOKIlEPllDDiYMa 

vc •• AY CD LOKa aaac. M n81nrA1ft1 

Vltt CIwKeIlor 
of Studeat AJI'aln 

and tile six c:oIkta 
.... -........ ~ 

... IIWJJ·J 

.-



.... , 

12 CAMPUS CALENDAR THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

!'I~ I\~ 

THE 'ltGUARDIAN 

endar@ucsd ca 
Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

MONJAN 23 
AATS 

ROIIII Nights - Free performance by 
Morgan Kaye, 8-9prn at Espresso Roma, 

FUNDRAISEAS 

SOLO Vendor Fair -Over 55 vendors and a 
variety of merchandise and services, 9am -
Spm on Library Walk, continuing all week. 

STUDENT ORGS 

Sixth College Orientation Leader 
Application Info Session - Spm at the 
Lodge at ,Sixth College Apartments, 
Studant Health Advocates . Orientation 
session (you must attend one of these 
sessions to get an application), 12-1 pm In 
Price Center Gallery B. 

SPECIAL EVENTS 

"Wlr on Aparthlid: 1'hI Amy 81ah1 Story" 
- Kimberlj Biehl and Moily Corbin, sisters 
of Amy Biehl, will discuss their sister's 
role In anti-apartheid activism, A Fulbright 
scholar from San Diego, Amy was killed 
in South Africa in 1993 while fighting 
apartheid. Come hear and amazing story 
of truth, forgiveness, and social justice. For 
mo re info, visit ihouse.ucsd,edu/iag,htm, 7 
pm in the Great Hall 

TUESJAN 24 
AATS' 

PC Film Series: "Shopgirlw - 7 and 10pm 
screenings of the film starring Claire Danes 
and Steve Martin, $3 in the Price Center 
T~eater, 

FUNDAAISEAS 

KATW.lk - Fashion show . fundraiser put 
on by Kap.,. Aiphl Theta, 8pm in the 
Price Center, 58 admission, all proceeds go 
to Voices for Children. 

STUDENT ORGS 

Sixth College Orientation Leader 
Application Info Session - 4pm at the 
Main Conference Room at Sixth College 
Hub (2nd floor Pepper Canyon Hall), 
Student Health Advocates - Orientation 

sellion (you must attend one of these ses-
sions to get an application), 11 am-12pm in 
Price Center Gallery A and 5-6pm In Price 
Center Galle'ry B, 

SPECIAL EVENTS 

ISA Study AbroIIcIlnfo SessIon. - Spend 
your summer in Argentina, Costa Rica, 
France, Mexico or Spain; or perhaps a 
semester in Australia, England, Chile or 
Italy! Learn about the numerous study 
abroad opportunities that International 
Studies Abroad (lSA) has to offer! 9:00 
- 2:00 pm table on library Walk; 3:00 -4:30 
pm meeting @ the Int'l Center Lounge. 

CAAEER SERVICES 

On-Camenlnterviewlng for Job Seekers 
- In this small·group workshop, you'll 
build your confidence by responding to 
real interview questions while being vid-
eotaped. Receive immediate feedback 
from our career expert, learn by watching 
others, and get helpful tips from your 
peers Career Services Center Conference 
Room 11 :OOa.m. - I :oop,m. Space Is limited 
and pre-registration Is required - please 
call 858.534.3750 or stop by the Career 
Services Center to sign up. 
UCDC Program Info Session - If you've 
ever wanted to live and work in the 
nation's capitol and get UC credit for it, this 
program is for you! The UCDC program 
sends students from all majors to intern 
and study in Washington, DC every quar-
ter. Come find out about requirements, 
deadlines, and the application process. 
Career Services Center Conference Room 
at 12:30p,m. - 1 :30p.m, 

WED JAN 25 
ACADEMIC 

Making of the Modem World -a "short ver-
sion" of ERC's world Civilization sequence. 
Global trends and events from the ancient 
and medieval world, 7pm in the Great Hall, 
free and open to the public. 

SPECIAL EVENTS 

All Campus Collage Bowl - Two teams 
from each college will be competing in the 
tournament, free at 6pm in Price Center 
Theater. 

Computer ScIence I EntlnHring - Earn 
academic credit for Computer Science and 
Engineering while studying In Japan or 
Swedenl Find out more about studying. 
traveling, and working abroad! 12:00 -
1:00 pm @ the CSE Building, Auditorium 
(Room 1202) 

CAREER SERVICES 

Peace Corps Info - Ufe Is calling &0 how 
far will you go7 Explore job opportuni-
ties, benefits, and the Peace Corps appli-
cation process. Network with a previous 
volunteer and learn more about the Peace 
Corps. Located in the Career Services 
Center Horizon Room unless otherwise 
noted at 1 0:30a.m, - 1 2:00p.m. 
Etr.ctIw Job s-dI 5tr8tegles - Learn 
which search strategies are most effective 
for UCSD students seeking employment 
in today's competitive market. Our career 
advisor will share tips and techniques to 
make your search strong and efficient. 
Career Services Center at 2 -3pm. 
Resume WritIng for Internships and Part-
nme Jobs - This workshop will guide you 
through the steps to developing an eye-
catching cover letter and an unbeatable 
resume that includes all of the essential 
elements. Develop a resume draft on the 
spot under the guidance of our career 
expert! Career Services Center at 5:OOp. 
m.- 6:15p.m. 

STUDENT OAGS 

Stuclant tlNhh Advocate. - 0rIIntItI0n 
session (you must attend one of these 
sessions to get an application), 10-11am 
in Price Center Gallery A, 
IsrHii ~ndng Night - Free, led by a UCSD 
student, 7-9pm in the San Francisco/Santa 
Cruz Room in the Price Center. 
PAS5-Pre-M1CI Assod.tlon of Stucilnts 
for Service - 1st GBM of the quarter at 
7pm Center 105. Sign up for Projects and 
listen to great speakers. FREE FOOD. All 
Health ProfeSSions welcome. For more info 
go to: www,ucsdpass,org. 

THURSJAN 26 
ARTS 

PC Film Series: "Ellubathtownw - 7 and 

MONDAY, JANUARY 23,2006 

week of JAN 23 TO 29 
10pm screenings of the film starring 
Kirsten Dunst and Orli~ndo Bloom, $3 In 
the Price Center Theater. 

STUDENT ORGS 

SMIInt tte.Ith ~ - 0riIntMi0n 
SISIion, 2-3pm In Price Center Gallery B. 

CAREER SERVICES 

IusIneu School: PnpMng • ApplyIng -
A business degree can be excellent prepa-
ration for a number of different career 
paths, Our professional school expert will 
explain how to prepare for an MBA pro-
gram, Including what admissions commit-
tees require, and desire, in applicants. Get 
acquainted with the GMAT and hear tips 
for writing your application essay. Career 
Services Center at 2:00p.m. - 3:00p.m, 

FRIJAN 27 
SPOATS 

Mtn's VoIleybIli 'IS. Pepperdlne, 7pm at 
RIMAe. 

CAREEA SERVICES 

Oft.CImenIlnterMwlng for Intlmshlp It 
PIrt-lImeJobSatllan -ln this small-group 
workshop, you will build your confidence 
by responding to real Interview questions 
while being videotaped. Receive imme-
diate feedback from our career expert, 
learn by watching others, and get helpful 
tips, Located in the Career Services Center 
Conference Room at 10:00a.m, - 12:00p. 
m, Space is limited and pre-registration is 
required - please call 858.534.3750 or stop 
by the Career Services Center to sign up. 

SAT JAN 28 
ARTS 

PC Film Series: "ThI Wuthlrmanw - 6 
and 9pm screenings of the film starring 
Nicholas Cage, $3 In the Price Center 
Theater. 

SPORTS 

Worn.,..'s Swimming vs. UC Irvine, 12 noon 
at Canyonview, 
Mill's Swimming vs, UC Ir;lne, 12 noon at 
Canyonview. 
Mill'S Volleyball vs. USC, 7pm at RIMAe. 

STUDENT OAGS 

Exc.1 Leadership Confefl'lC' - Topics 
include: Budgeting, Event Planning, 
Gender and Leadership, Leading Diverse 
Populations, Networking, Parliamentary 

Procedure, and Recruitment Techniques. 
Features Keynote Speakers: Andrea 
Mosby-Jones and Ethan Zohn, Free for 
UCSD students, 1 Oam at the Price Center. 

SUN JAN 29 
SPO RTS 

Women's IIutIbr vs. ASU, llam at Warren 
Field. . 

WEEKLY 
HEALTH 

Check Your Cholesterol . Screening 
requires a self-administered finger stick 
and 12 hours fasting before the screening. 
Immediate results, $15 fee, sign up online 
-http;!/studenthealth.ucsd.edu. 
FITItOp at RIMA( - Evaluate your relative 
fitness levels, set goals and measure your 
progress, Free service, walk In to RIMAC 
Well ness Room any Mon or Wed 7-9pm. 
PtIr EduatIon i'Iognms - Nutrition, HIV, 
Fitness, Stress, Sexual Health and other 
topics, free programs, call 534-1824 for 
more info. 
Mtn's Oink' Student Huith - Routine 
male exams, STD checks, et~, Monday 
mornings at 9:30am - no visit fee, no appl. 
~. HIVTesting @Student Health 
- Sign up online at hnp:l/studenthealth. 
ucsd.edu. $10 charge. 
Nutrition Counllll", - One-on-one with 
a registered dietician, includes a three-day 
analysis of your diet. Make appt. online at 
http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu, 
Wtlght MIIftI9Iment Clink - Led by a 
dietician and a physician. Every Thursday 
at 3pm in the Student Health Conference 
Room. No appl., free service, 

RELIGIOUS 

EXPERIENCE CHURCH DIFFERENTLV 
Services Sundays 11 am in the International 
Center, www,ExperienceChurchDifferen 
tly,com 

Crossword Solutions 

. __ . I -. 
SI:l3SI:IOON3 S3SS3 . 
1:13111V43ns 3dll:lJ. 
3 1 8 'I 3 3 ~.~ N V I:l 3 1:1 
3a'l.MV48 3S0HI:I I V 
1 I N ~.A .1. I .I. S 'I H :J 
,.3_"" _1 01011:1 a Ala 'I 1 VI:lI:IIIHOS 3S01:113:JV 
03 310 d n 3 I .1._ 
V I:l I. N 3 3 n_ 3 1 1 3 
N3H100v.lS I:II'IH 

H S "I' -ell n. v " S.l.Iv.lS S.l.ll:lldSNI t To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to www.ucsdguardian.org and link to "Calendar" , 
t \ Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

Compliment your UCSD degree with 
profeSSional development courses 
at UCSD Extension. From Business 
Essentials and Software Project 
Management to Marketing and Drug 
Development, UCSD Extension 
instructors bring real-world knowledge 
to the classroom giving you practical skills 
that will ease your transition from school 
to career. 

UCSD Extension Courses: 
e Enhance your resume 
e Increase your interviewing confidence , 
• Provide you with networking opportunilies 
e Give you the edge in today's demandi~ 

job market 
Create the Career of Your Future - Todayl 
ext .... Ion.UCId.edu 

-~~~ 
extenslon.ucsd.edu 

NIM0331I:1VV4VSI1 
3.l.S'IM SS313v.1V18 

G ... UCSD CENTER FOR THE HUMANITIES 
'11... Continuing th~ Dialogw . .. 
MAKING OF 1HE MODERN WORLD: The Short VcniOD 

The Center for the Humanities and Eleanor Roosevelt 
College present the 2006 "short version" of the , 

College's world dvilization sequence. 
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 2006 
"The Idea of Tradition In Chinese Reltjton" 

Dmd It Jorclaa, UCSD Profasor EmerituS of Anthropology 
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY I , 2006 

"Exodus: Myth or History?" 
sa-.. ~ 0--, UCSD Lccnucr in Rcllpoua Studies 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY B, 2006 
.. A. City on. Hill (In the desert): ~1s of Chrtsttan 

Community from Constanttn. to Gecqe Bush-
M.m- H .... UCSD Leaum, MakIng of the Modcm World 

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2006 -
"TrIIct"l cultural Influera throuth Iantu9: 

Enaltsh worcM wtth Arabic roots-
J-s...n-, UCSD Profcuor of1hcauc and lillian StudIa 
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2006 

"The ~.I Church as Conareptton Ind State" 
s...te,.a.a.a_, UCSD Pro£a.or Emcritw ofHbcory and 

former Dean of Ans and Humanitia 

FREE AND OPEN 10 THE PUBLIC 
ALL LECTURES WILL BE HELP 7pm IN THE GREAT HALL' 

For more information visit 1mptI,._ ...... eda or calI15a-S~ 

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 13 

Administrators Heard 'Drumbeat,' Planned Shutdown After Porn 
~ ADMIN, from page 1 

Watson rebuffed the idea, 
"I disagree on stamng with one 

process and then changing it when 
we don't like ~at the students do," 
Watson replied to Ratcliff. "We 
should begin with an appropriately 
constituted board either at the A.S. 
level or above it:' 

York and several members of 
the A.S, Council have long accused 
Watson of overstepping his bounds 
as an administrator. Initially, it was 
Watson who demanded that the 
council either establish a nudity ban 
or risk losing its control over the 
student station, according to A.S. 
President Christopher Sweeten. 

E-mail correspondences from 
Watson's office, however, paint a 
more complex picture of the vice 
chanceUor's views of student rights. 
After the council decided to add a 
provision to its station's charter that 
banned "graphic depictions of sexual 
activity involving nudity" on SRTV, 
Watson's office emphasized student 
control over the issue, 

"This is now indeed an A.S.-SRTV 
matter and we need to continue to 
keep it in that arena as long as the 
A.S. is making real efforts to come 
to grips with its responsibilities;' 
Watson's Assistant Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs Edward Spriggs 
stated in an e-mail to Ratcliff and 
A.S. Adviser Lauren Weiner on Oct. 
27. "It may not be linear or pretty 
over the next few weeks but, after all, 
as a unive,rsity a big part of our work 
is student development and giving 
them room to make mistakes, and 
good guidance to help them with 
corrections." 

But later that same day, Spriggs 
expressed worry about SRTV's con-
trol and accountability for its own 
content in a separate e-mail. 

"Shouldn't someone instruct the 
SRTV manager to obtain a descrip-
tion of the program BEFORE it airs 

to make sure it complies with the 
recently amended [station I charter 
in light ofthe controversy and scru-
tiny, to make sure it is NOT webcast 
again and to monitor the program 
so that if it DOES violate it can be 
taken offline?" Spriggs asked in an 
Oct. 27 e-mail to Ratcliff. "Should 
not this be done, even if it [is I 
rejected, so that the manager is on 
notice and can be held accountable 
for violating a request either by the 
university (through you if you are 
the one delivering the message), or 
the A.S." ' 

'The clnuabeat •.• b aettiIIIlouder' 
On Oct. 27, local media outlets 

informed student leaders of a press 
release sent out by York promising 
another pornographic broadcast on 
SRTV later that night. The news irked 
many 'administrators. In an e-mail 
sent to Associate Vice Chancellor of 
Communications Stacie Spector and 
Director of University Outreach Pat 
JaCoby, Ratcliff said he discussed the 
"prudence of allowing porn to be dis-
played" at Porter's Pub with restaurant 
owner Robert Porter. JaCoby pushed 
for an administrative response in case 
York aired another porn. 

"If Steve does go on with porn 
again, isn't it tinie [the administra-
tionl took some action?" she said in 
an e-mail to Spector and Ratcliff dur-
ing the day of Oct. 27. "The drumbeat 
from parents is getting louder." 

York's name was blacked out in 
the copies provided to the Guardian, 
though still readable upon close 
inspection. 

Both parents and alumni had been 
pressuring ChanceLLor Marye Anne 
Fox to take action against SRTV 
and the pornography airings. The 
UCSD Alumni Association received a 
"small but vehement response" to the 
broadcasts, which the association's 
Executive Director John Valva for-
warded to Fox. The chanceLLor also 

Is the UCDC Internship 
Program in your fUture? 
FinJ out at an info session! 
-All majors welcome 
-Earn UC credit 
-Take a research seminar 
-Paid and unpaid internships 
-live at the center of it all! 

E-mails to Chancellor 
Marye Anne Fox About S_RTV 

in part from different approaches in 
mission, GE requirements and lead-
ership (student and staff) ." 

Students on the lohn Muir 
CoUege Council had passed a resolu-

ff and Jerry Hurtubise LLor, you seem unfit for the , [weI oITer you nothing but 
contempt. [We] read your pathetic 
response to a concerned srudent at 
UCSD regarding the Student-Run 
Television station repeatedly airing 

a porn video, It was gutless and 
incoherent. California is a suitable 

f'::::;~ '0 spine, lead and learn to 
say 'NO!" 

received several direct e-mails, which 
included comments such as "get off 
your ass and show authority" and 
"shame on you," 

By night's end on Oct. 27, York had 
replayed his porn, this time with the 
face of Thurgood Marshall College 
Senior Senator Kate PWon superim-
posed on an adult -film actress' body. 
The segment sent campus administra-
tors and the A.S, Council into a flur-
ry. A.S. Vice President Finance Greg 
Murphy considered freezing SRTV's 
funds, but, in an e-mail on Oct 28, 
Weiner advised against taking action 
before discussion . Marshall Dean 
of Student Affairs ,,"shanti Houston 
Hands then accused the administra-
tion of dragging its feet in addreSSing 
the issue, according to Watson. 

"My meeting with the deans and 
particularly Ashanti did not go well 
on this matter," he stated in a Nov. 2 
e-mail to Spriggs. "I strongly reacted 
to Ashanti's claim that the administra-
tion was not doing anything to pro-
tect and support students who speak 
up and are abused by the Koala ." 

A. Hewson, Jr., M.D. 
U POWERLESS, OR 
ST GUTLESS?" 

-'Robertson 
100 percent with leav-

it · tudents to handle the 
Koala TV situation, Some par-

ents or citizens might be under-
standably upset ." [but[ what 
a terrific learning experience 
for the young people to work 

through conflict and resolution . 
That's what college is about." 

Two years ago, members of the 
high-profIle publication released e-
mails showing that Houston Hands 
had played a role in coordinating an 
anti -Koala protest. In an e-mail to 
Spriggs, the dean called the Oct. 27 
show "inappropriate and vile." 

Following the York airing, 
~arshall administrators began mobi-
lizing efforts against the porn, which 
included using "recent SRTV issues 
as a frame for questions of com-
munity' identity, citizenship, civility 
and respect for one another" in the 
college's core Dimensions of Culture 
classes, Houston Hands stated in a 
Nov. 2 e-mail to Spriggs, 

Spriggs responded to Watson, 
highlighting the divide the pornog-
raphy was exposing between colleges 
within UCSD. 

"This points out an interesting and 
at once disturbing and exciting differ-
ence between 'cultures' in the col-
leges, specifically Muir vs. Marshall~ 
Spriggs said, "What makes this inter-
esting is that the differences in ways 
of addressing the SRTV issue result 

. lion decrying the council's decision to 
censure sexual forms of nudity from 
SRTV, while the Marshall ' Student 
Council's resolution condemned the 
porn. 

'Off few ,ood' 
In the week after York's broad-

cast featuring Pillon, administrators 
began to explore the avenue of shut-
ting off SRTV's signal. At the request 
of Ratcliff, Cynthia Davalos, special 
assistant to Watson, corresponded 
with Telecommunications Services 
Director Don McLaughlin. 

"All that [McLaughlin I would 
need [to shut down SRTV] is written 
instruction from Dr. Watson's office;' 
she stated in an Oct. 31 e-mail to 
Ratcliff. 

On Nov. 3, Spriggs gave 
McLaughlin consent through an 
e-mail to shut down the station if 
he was requested to do so by A.S, 
Commissioner of Student Services 
Maurice lunious, Murphy or 
Commissioner of Communications 
Soap Chum, 

That night, Murphy made a call 
to McLaughlin to shut down the sta-
tion because of what he called an 
"unscheduled" show. The station has 
been off the air ever since, 

"Does this mean that it is off 
for good until they come up with a 
defensible charter or until morning 
today?" Fox asked her Chief of Staff 
Clare Kristofco in a Nov. 5 e-mail, 

"It is off until they come up with 
a defensible charter~ Kristofco stated 
in a response. 

The chanceUor replied to the state-
ment with one word: "Good:' 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobaLnet. 

Hear the inside scoop,on your 
career options from a panel of 
experts and start networking! 

• Wage Against the Machine: 
Mechanical Engineering Career Panel 
Monday • 1/30 • 2p,m.-3:30p,'m. 

-Learn more at http://career.ucsd.edu/sa/UCDC.shtml 
• Call in the Experts: Careers in Consulting 

Wednesday • 2/8 • 3p.m.-4:30p.m. 
-

• Attend a UCDC Program Info S8sslon: 
Thursday • 1119 • 11a.m.-12p.m, 
Tuesday • 1/24 • 12:30p.m.-1 :30p.m . 
Friday • 2/24 • 11 a.m.-12p.m. 

• To Lab or Not to Lab: Alternatives to Bench Science 
I 

Tuesday • 2/14 • 2p.m.:-'3:30p.m. 

• -we're Ustenlll!f: Counseling" Psychology Careers 
Thursday • 2/23 • 2p,m.-3:30p.m. 

• Got Game? Get Anlmatedl Careers In Media Arts 
Wednesday· 3/1 • 2p.m.-3:30p.m. 

( I View our f'ntlre Winter Events Lllendar at cMeer.ucsd .f'du 
_ Career Services Center Loc,lted on Llbr,llY Wdlk 

R5H,534 .3750 



14 CLASSIFIEDS 

IF YOU LIST IT 
THEYW'lL COME 

. ,. 

~ 
lliE~ CLASSIFIEDS 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Worried about auto theft? Ravelco has 
sold over 3,500,000 units world wide, 
and we've never had a vehicle stolen. 
To learn more, go to www.NoHotWire. 
com. (1/30) 

EMPLOYMENT 

Part time, set your own hours, UTC 
area. Financial planner needs help 
with client services and relations. S 10/ 
hr. Call Michael 858-558-7000 x391 
(1/26) 

Swim Instructors S 11 -17 per hour. San 
Diego 858-273-7946. North County 
760-744-7946. (3/16) 

Taste Testers Wanted: Have you ever 
thought about getting paid to taste? 
A leading biotechnology company 
located just minutes away from UCSD, 
is focusing on developing new flavors 
& flavor enhancers. We have numer-
ous openings for people like you to 
take part in basic taste testing. No 
experience is required, just an interest 
in the sense of taste. RequlNments: 
-Non-smoker -Age 18 yrs & older -
Must be available Tues, Wed, & Thurs, 
2 hrs per day -Year round/long term 
commitment. If you have an inter-
est in food, enjoy working in a team 
environment & are looking for some-
thing extra to do in your free time, 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 
1 Innocent 
10 Squander 
15 One Presley 
16 Aslronomer Hubble 
17 Animates 
18 Jimmy of ' N.V.P.D. Blue" 
19 Oolong or pekoe 
20 "The Joy Luck Club" aUlhor 
21 Pretentious performer 
23 '60s rock musical 
25 Make level 
26 Lee and Dannay's sleuth 
30 Gershwin or levin 

THE UCSD GUARQIAN 

THE2' GUARDIAN ~ 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guordlon reserves the right to classify, edl~ delete offenslw words and pharses, 
andlor refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publkation of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 
regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given fo~ the Incorrect portion of the advertisement There are no refunds for cancellations. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per 20 word • 
Faculty & Staff: $7.50 per 20 words 

All others: $12 per 20 words 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20.00 per column Inch 
Dodllnes: 

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 2006 

FOR SALE 

Economics 2nd edition for all Econ 
1, 2, 3- $65-goOO condition. Email 
k11e@ucsd.edu or call 619-793-6988 
(1/30) 

WANTED 

....... MnCI8I1 CCIfNIIIOIMIenc ...... ng CIuIHIecII to: Pub. Dote DIspUy Ad. U"" Ads 
Volunteers paid $30 for an Interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26; call 552-
8585 x 5590 (3/16) 

UCSO G ..... n. Attn: CIIIIsIfIecIs, !I5GO GIlman DrIft "316, !.II JoIIII. CA '2013. Mon.. ..... MOM 1 wi! 4 ..... MOIIIl wi! 
Aau.l1ocadon: Student c-A. Room 217. 1hun. ...... TH 1 wi! 4 ..... 1M 1 wi! 

Classified Line Ads a ar in both the GuardiM1 PRINT and ONLINE editions. 

please apply. Taste panelists will ' be 
paid $25 per day. For more infor-
mation, call: 858-646-8223 or email: 
tastetestS@senomyx.com (1/23) r 

A+SuB$ 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

are,as, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$725.$1050 hourly 
Cal. Jack-l . 

(858)5.5-2144 ,-. 
Personal Assistant: La Jo!.la, answer 
email, errands, etc. Dependable, hon-
est. Flexible hours. SIO/hour. Email 
resume: rdyansick@aol.com & call 
858-459-7795 (2/2) ~ • 

Cashier Full/Part time positions at car 
wash in La Jolla. Looking for' honest 
friendly people $10 hr contact Mark 
@ 858-456-1170 (1/26) 

Construction Company seeks 
office/marketing support personnel 
with strong computer knowledge 
and skills. Graphic Design experi-
ence a plu). Flexible hours, part 
time, close to UC5D. Please e-mail 

31 Trafficwoe 
32 Title paper 
33 Shaped like a needle 
36 Gemini 6 astronaut Wally 
39 Tramp's friend 
40 Slobber 
41 Fire flakes 
42 'Cagney &. lacey' co-star 
48 Sonny and Cher's daughter 
50 Hissy fit 
51 Aquarium attachment 
52 Autobahn aUla 
55 Fruit drink 
56 Aired agilin 

Christina@tbpenick.com with your 
resume, or fax it to 858-558-1881. 
Hourly rate commensurate with expe-
rience. (1/23) 

.... l1li ..... 11.1_ 
fir FlIIII"'" 

• ••••• 11 ....... 
Immediate openings in our stores in 
La Jolla, Fashion Valley, or the Del 

Mar Highlands. Retail experience or 
experience with children preferred. 

Part-time/llexible hours. 
Apply in person or call the 

location nearest you. 

I EPPElTI'S 
7850 Girard Avenue 

La Jolla 858-456-4441 
F_hlon Valley Del..., High'" 
619-294-8878 858-~9038 

Office assistant for psychologist's 
office near campus. Part time, flex-
ible hours. Ijkolt@aol.com or 858-509-
1330 (1126) 

Guardian Classifieds world C.II 858-
534-3466. (1/231 

57 To one's liking 
60 Nonsense 
61 Author of ' For love" 
62 Middle of a tassel? 
63 Check signers 

DOWN 
1 Carefree 
2 Pertaining to direct descent 
3 Set upon violently 
4 Chart 
5 Give forth 
6 Zhivago's love 
7 Actress Moran 

'8 Take a chair 
9 Bread seed 
10 Photographer Edward 
11 Own up to 
12 More like the rustle of si lk 
13 Giggler 
14 Baja California seaport 
22 Lobster eggs 
24 Additional attempt 
25 Have dinner 
27 Spanish river 
28 Affirmative answer 
29 Can. province 
32 Some pickles 
33 Menu option 
34 Casino employees 
35 ' Apollo 13" co·star 
36 Full-house letters 
37 Scam 
38 Monopolize 
40 Arid 
42 Rocks . 
43 Howdy·dos 
44 Relaxing 
45 Make feasible 
46 Crab on the move 
47 Takes the wheel 
49 Contour 
52 Spawned 
53 Office note 
54 "The Truman Show" director Peter 
58 .38 Special or Colt 
59 Gore and )olson 
See SOLUTIONS 011 PIP 12 

WANTED -Campus Rep! Promote l~al 
Hi-Tech Event For 20% Commission 
Per TIcket Plus Prizesl DlScampusrep@ 

Mother's Helper - Part Time. looking 
desktoplinuxsummit.com (1/26) 

for loving, fun individual with chlld-
care experience. Must have own trans-
portation, non smoker, CPR certified, 
referenc;,es required. TueslThurs/Frl 
afternoons. Please call 858-414-4301. 
(1/26) 

ANYTHING BUT YOUR SOUL. 
1liE~GuARo!AN CLASSIFIEDS 

FOR RENT 

SERVICES 

Computer Csychlatrist: Is your home 
computer distracted, angry, depressed, 
sleeping more than it should? Would 
you like the relationship you've always 
dreamed of? Contact the ' doctor by 
email or phone. Sliding scale fees. 
Free initial consultation at your home. 
858-452-3777 or jledingh@san.rr.com. 
(2/9) 

TENNIS ANYONE? USPTR instructor, 
noon discounts, $20 at Muir Courts. 
Call Michael, 619-787-5475. (2/23) 

PERSONALS 

Upscal La Jolla/UTe Condo 1 bedl Itchy and Scratchy, intellectual prop- . 
1 bath, balcony right on pool, In home erty: A man in New Mexico tossed a 
wash/dryer, granite, stainless appli- mouse Into a pile of burning leaves, 
ances, Jacuzzi, tennis courts, full gym, 

.. 

great location, near all $1445 WITH 
INCENl1VEI You will love it! Call lisa 
619-518-0961 (1/26) 

,-----------

BRENDAAnAMS: 
at SILOI 111.1 IllS: 

50% 
OFF* 

I 
I 
, 
I 
I 

.u . 
n.a,rcut, .... S40 I 

.. Up do or Makeup, .... $45 I 
·Color or Foil HiLites, rq.13S I 

ondUJI I 
." .,,.,.,. .. ,. 

e .. , .... II~ .ltll'" ..•• " . I 
7770 Regents Rd, : 
151.229.4157 I L. __________ _ 

but the mouse got out, ran into his 
house and set it on fire. (1/23) 

Master P: you never know, when it's 
gon' be yo time. Ask Tatum. (1/23) 

111 s-.. ~ ru, SJ..l. 
• POUCE DISPATCHER • 

53,121 to 53,7941mo 
Full benefits (district Plid premiums) + 

PERS, Soc. Sec. mir!ment + 14 Pilei 
holidays + sick Ieevt and vacation. 

Operates a Computer Aided Dispatch 
system (CAD) induding a voice radio 

regarding routine and emergency district 
policl! services. Employees must be willing 

to work a rotating sdIeduIe to provide 
night. weekend. and holiday coverage. 

We DIM a 3112 wwk sdledule . 
To apply. submit required application 

forms and detailed resume by 4:30 p.m. 
on Tue5day. February 14, 2006. 

To obtain required appiication forms. 
call (619) 725-8195, option 0, or visit 

4100 Normal Street, Annex 9, 
San Diego. CA 92103. EO£ 
WWW silnd, net .. 

~ 
3151 HoI.., Ct. It04 
15M •• ..,., 
~o!, £ILC2JIY ... ~O!! tom !' ~r!,o !,d_ R~ _ 
: Mystic ... ::lJIIII $,.-
, _1 Get 1 ,,=r. 
, FREE " IHIMIIID 
, " MOMIHLY 
, FIn1I1me~""'" TAHHI4e TAN ' ~VDI06 "See~ ,--------~,--------

or las) : - iiiiiC iii -: :i.iJ .,-1 fiJi 
, oi ...... " GIll •• 
, BUY 5 ."." Including MystIc , for only - , , and UItrI 

I' 
" See .......... 

MONIMY, JANUARY 23, 2006 THE UCSD CUARDIAN 

Patterson's 19 Lifts Tritons Over Toros 
• BASKETBALL, from page 16 

Bronco Melvyn Nicholson tied the 
game at 79 with under a minute to 
play, the ball again came to Peters, 
this time in the court with pressure 
coming at him. Peters shot the ball 
over the Bronco defense, hitting 
another big three and giving UCSD 
an 82-79 lead. Odiye sealed the game 
with a free throw before rebound-
ing his miss on the second shot and 
dribbling out the game in front of a 
Triton crowd, whose cheers drowned 
out even the UCSD band, with fans 
running to the court to form a victory 
tunnel for the Triton players. 

Allard's 19 points led four Tritons 
in double digits, including Patterson 
with 16 points and a game-high nine 
rebounds, and 13 and 10 points off 
the bench from Peters and freshman 
guard Shane Poppen, respectively. As 
a team, the Tritons forced six more 
turnovers than the 16 they' committed 
and shot a strong 54.5 percent from 
the field. 

"I've been in some good [games], 
but this has got to be number one," 
Peters said. 

Less than two weeks after set-
ting a new UCSD record for mar-
gin of victory in CCAA play with a 
20-point win over Chico State, the 
nitons raised the bar even higher, 
defeating Cal State Dominguez Hills 
by 33 points on Jan. 20. After need-
ing a three-pointer at the buzzer last 

year to defeat the Toros, UCSD never 
allowed the possibility . of that hap-
pening again, scoring the first five 
points of the contest and never trail-
ing in the game. 

The Tritons gained their first dou-
ble-digit lead just 11 minutes into 
the game as Odiye knocked down a 
three-pointer to give UCSD a 24-14 
advantage. 

The Toros would not be within 
single digits the rest of the game, 
as the Tritons refused to relent on 
either end of the court, connecting 
on nine first-half three-pointers, five 
from Peters, and keeping the defen· 
sive pressure intact as they took a 
47-24 lead into the half. 

The second half proved much of 
the same, as Cal State DOminguez 
Hills would not get closer than 20 
points. The margin would go to 30 
at the 5:52 mark on a Patterson lay-
up off an assist by sophomore guard 
Jason Bull. Bull's lay-up with 1: 13 left 
in the game would provide the final 
margin of victory and UCSD's larg-
est lead. 

The Tritons had four player.s score 
in double digits, led by Patterson with 
19 points on 9-of- 11 shooting from 
the field. The freshman forward's 
game was impressive across the board 
as he also accumulated four assists 
and game highs of six rebounds and 
five steals. 

"I felt good all night;' Patterson 

said of his performance. MI didn't feel 
flat at all We just rode the wave of the 
crowd. We just used their energy as a 
positive in the game.n 

Odiye and Peters each had 15 
points, while sophomore guard 
Andrew Hatch, in his first game 
back in the startling lineup since a 
December knee injury, had 12 points, 
three rebounds, three steals and a 
game-high seven assists. Conversely, 
the Toros had only one player score 
in double figures, with center neVOD 
Bryant leading his h!am with 15 points 
on 6-of-7 shooting from the field. 

As a team, UCSD shot an impres-
sive 58.9 percent from the field, 
including 60.9 percent in the sec-
ond half despite having a comfort-
able advantage. The Toros were held 
to 41.5 percent from the field and 
never hit a three·pointer all game. 
The Triton defense was also able to 
force 21 Dominguez Hills turnovers, 
including 14 Triton steals. 

"We don't win these two games 
this weekend without the baseball 
team in the stands and all the other 
students that were here," Carr said. "It 
was phenomenal." 

The nitons will now try to con-
tinue their phenomenal play. UCSD 
returns to the road for its next three 
games, with match ups against Sonoma 
State on Jan. 27, San Francisco State 
on Jan. 28 and Chapman University 
on Jan. 31. 

SUPER BOWL SUNDAY FEB. 41 

SPORTS 15 

Volleyball Finishes Trip to 
Ohio, Northern California 

• VOLLEYBAll, from page 16 
25-30. Senior outside hitter Brian 
Adamson racked up double-digit 
kills, with 10, and junior setter Mitch · 
Hazelett recorded 42 assists for UOP. 

UCSD junior middle blocker 
Garret Smith also reached double dig-
its with l2 kills. Junior setter Brooks 
Dierdorffled the match with 53 assists, 
while senior outside hitter Mike Reuter 
had iO digs. 

Just a day before the loss to the 
Tigers, the Tritons dropped a 25-30, 27-
30, 26-30 decision to No. 15 Stanford, 
improving the Cardinal's record to 2-5 

Sophomore outside hitter Russ Hardy and the 
Tritons are still looking Jar their first win. 

for the season. 
Sayers continued to lead the way 

for the Tritons with 10 kills, while 
sophomore outside hitter Russ Hardy 
added eight of his own. 

The Cardinal started game one 
with three-straight points, including 
a service ace by senior outside hitter 
William Clayton. The game was tied 
at 18- 18 when Stanford took the lead 
for good. Cardinal senior setter Jeremy 
Jacobs ended the game with a service 
ace. 

Game two was even closer, coming 
to a tie at 26-26. But despite Dierdorff's 
four kills and a 1.000 hitting percentage 
for the Tritons, the Cardinal ended the 
game with a kill by sophomore outside 
hitter Jesse Meredith, assisted by senior 
middle blocker Chris Ahlfeldt. 

10 game three, UCSD jumped out to 
an early lead, but it didn't lasl long as a 
kill by sophomore middle blocker and 
opposite Matt Ceran put Stanford up 
9- 15. The Tritons chipped away at the 
lead and were able to pull within two 
points at 24-26, leading to a Stanford 
timeout. After the break, the Tritons 
again showed their inconsistency by 
committing both a service error and 
an attacking error. The errors allowed 
the Cardinal to score irs last two points 
of the match on kills by Meredith and 
senior opposite Ben Reddy. 

The Tritons will have no time to 
rest before they play No. 3 Pepperdine 
UniverSity, winners of I I consecutive 
games and owners of an undefeated 
recNd against MPSF opponents. 

"I know the difficulty of playing 
in the MPSF,' coach Kevin Ring said. 
"Our goal is [making the] playoffs, 
that's the bottom line:' 

To make the playoffs, the Tritons 
will have to win some games, some-
thing they have yet to accomplish this 
season. The team has a chance for that 
first win when it plays the Pepperdine 
Waves on Jan. 27 at RIMAC Arena. 

186 UCSD University Centers 
UCSD U"II'n'SUyC",r~ 

Domino's 
Delivers 

to 
UCSD! 

CALL 4S2-UCSD 
3211 Holiday Ct. (452-8273 .) 

Hours: Sun.-Thurs. lOam-I am, Fri. & Sat. 10 am-2 am 

•• triton plus .113 Clio ..... ftw voice orders Ortly pleaU! 
Order ONUNE at www.DominosSartDIefO.com 

-+ GUARDIAN SPECIAL I 
1·3 MEDIUM 

l-topping 
PIZZAS 

LA JOLLAlUCSD DOMINO'S 3211 Holiday Court 
(".)4S2-827J(UCID) 

, 

Exp.~ L __ Gaod on _ ~ II1d 11IIn CN8I. DIIp 0IIh $1 Em. 11 .50 o.tIwIy Ch8rge. 
---------~ 

What would professors 
really say if they were to 
teach one last lecture to 
their students? Find out in 
our Last Lecture Series. 

FREE PIZZA and 
REFRESHMENTS 

January 25 
Gallery A, Price Center 

-. 

-



" J 

HOT CORNER 16 THE~GUARDIAN 
SPORTS 

Henry Patterson 
TA T THE EDITOR 

Rael EllIfen 
ports@"csdgllardian.org 

MO DAY, JA ARY 23, 2006 

Tritons Breeze Past Pomona for Eighth-Straight Win I 
Women's basketball 
team follows up 67-52 
win over CSUDH with 
32-point victory over 
Pomona Broncos. 

B icilY Buchanan 
TAFF WRITrR 

The UC D women's basketball 
squad improved its win treak to 
eight games with a 68-36 win over 

al Poly Pomona on jan. 21. 
With the win, the Tritons 

improved on their histori start and 
now have a 12-2 overall record and 
a 7-1 mark in California Collegiate 
Athletic As ociation league action. 
The team's record moves it back into 
a tie at the top of the C AA with al 
tate Baker field and Chico State. 

The Roadrun ners and Wildcats 
stayed even with the' Triton as 
CS B beat Cal State Monterey Bay 
79-68 on jan. 20 and hico State 
topped an Franci co tate 76-61 
on jan. 21. 

After toppling Cal State 
Dominguez Hills on jan. 20 with 
a 67-52 vic tory, the Tritons fol-
lowed their eventh-straight win 
with number eight over al Poly 
Pomona the following night. With 
the impressive wins, the Tritons 
have gained more onfidence a the 
season has progressed. 

"There's definitely an increase 
in confidence [inl who we are and 
what we need to do:' said junior 
guard Leora juster, the team's lead-
ing scorer. "It's definitely hard to 
believe, but I think we are starting 
to realize it's real , and [ think the 
pressure lowers a bit because we are 
definitely not a fluke now." 

The Tritons jumped to an early 
12-5 lead with only 12 minutes to 

GREG DALE/GUARDIAN 
Freshman center Alexis Gaskin (right) baffles/ora rebaund with Cal Poly Pomona'ssophomore/orward Porsche Kirksey in the Tritons' 68-36 
win over the BroncOs on Jan. 2 1. The win was the Tritons eighth in a row and moved them into ajirst-place tie atop the league standings. 

play in the first period. They held 
strong, sailing ahead in the second 
half for the IS-point margin and 
the wi n. 

juster set a new career high of 32 
points and had a big hand in carry-
ing the Tritons to their victory over 
the Toros. 

Cal State Dominguez Hills made 
a measly 17-of-57 shots from the 
field while coughing up 18 turn-
overs to the defensive-minded 
Triton team. 

The game against Pomona was 
a bit lackluster at the beginning 
with only 10-of-32 Triton shots 
made, but the team managed to pull 
through with a 29-17 advantage at 

intermission, and eventually out-
scored the Broncos to finish with a 
32-point victory. 

Sophomore fo rward Briana 
Hinga sparked the Tritons on the 
board with her team high of 11 
rebounds. She was accompanied by 
freshman forward Michelle Osier, 
who added 14 points, six rebounds 
and three steals. 

Juster led the Tritons' offensive 
battle, as she usually does, with 
her 25 points on 10-of-16 shooting 
from the floor and 5-of-6 from the 
free -throw line. 

The Tritons' intimidating 
record seemed to work on Cal Poly 
Pomona, which struggled all night 

as the team made only 13 of 58 
shots and converted only half of its 
18 foul -shot attempts. 

Next week will also be an impor-
tant one for the Tritons, when 
they face onoma State and San 
Francisco State on Jan . 27 and jan. 
28, respectively. 

Juster is eagerly awaiting a chance 
to continue the team's streak against 
the tough CCAA competition. 

"Sonoma is defmitely going to be 
a challenge because every team has 
a Jekyll and a Hyde, and you hope 
to Dring out that bad side and force 
teams to fall into our rhythm, as we 
did against Dominguez Iiills and 
Pomona:' she said. 

Men's Basketball 
35 points, 6 assists, 15 rebounds 

vs. CSUDH, al Poly Pomona 
Jan . 20-21, 2006 

VOLLEYBALL 
WINLESS ON 
ROAD TRIP 

UCSD falls to 0-5 . 
overall after losing in 
straight sets to No. 
15 Stanford to end 
four-game trip. 

By Paul Choi 
CO TRIBUTING WRITER 

After a winless four-game road 
trip, the UCSD men's volleyball team 
is happy to be back home. 

On Jan. 20, the Tritons put up a 
good fight against o. 14 University 
of the Pacific, 10 ing in four games. 
With the los , UCSD dropped to 0-5 
for the season and 0-3 in the Mountain 
Pacific ports Federation, while the 
Tigers improved to 2-4,1 -2 MPSP. 

The Tigers took control of game 
one from the start, cruising to an easy 
19-30 victory. junior outside hitter 
Andreas Baboulidis led the Tigers with 
14 kills on the night and sophomore 
outside hitter Pekka eppanen con-
tributed with 13. 

The Tigers continued their great 
play by jumping out in front in game 
two, eventually .holding off a late urge 
by the Tritons to win the game 25-30. 

After capturing the lead in game 
three, the Tritons allowed Six-straight 
points by the Tigers, bringing the score 
to a tie at 28 apiece. UCSD showed its 
heart by bouncing back and scoring 
the two points needed to win the third 
set thanks to senior outside hitter jon 
Daze and senior opposite Chris Sayers, 
who each had 16 kills for the match. 

But the Tigers finally put things 
away by winning a close fourth game 

[ VOLLEYBALL, page 15) 

UCSD Dominates and Delivers for Hometown Crowd with Two Wins 

CREG DALE/GUARDIAN 
Freshman forward Henry Pattmon muscles his IOOJI post a Bronco defontIg in the Tritons 83-79 
overtime victory against C4I POly Pomona on Jan. 2J. The win gave [J(S[) a 4-4/eogue record. 

Basketball gets easy 
win over Cal State 
Dominguez Hills but 
needs overtime to top 
Cal Poly Pomona. 

By joe T eveiowil.Z 
STAFF WRITER 

This weekend, the Triton men's bas-
ketball team provided two extremely 
entertaining games for a home crowd, 
follOwing up a huge 79-46 win over Cal 
State Dominguez Hills on jan. 20 with 
an 83-79 overtime win against Cal Poly 
Pomona on jan. 21. UCSD improved 
its record to 7-9 overall and evened 
up its California Collegiate Athletic 
Association mark at 4-4. 

On jan. 21, the Tritons came out of 
the gates strong. holding the defending 
CCAA co-champs and West Region 
champion Broncos to only six points 
during the first 10 112 minutes of the 
game and taking a double-digit lead. 
Sophomore guard Clint Allard led the 
first-half attack with 11 points before 
halftime. The Broncos would not give 
up and came storming back to tie the 
game up at 24 with three minutes, 55 
seconds left to play in the first half. 

"Pomona is ~ good team; head 
coach Bill Carr said. "They've got some 
veteran guys. [ knew they were going 
to come back on us and [the team I 
knew it." 

Despite losing the big lead, the 
Tritons were up by four again soon 
after, until Pomona's Jonathon Boyd 
was fouled on a three-point attempt 
and made all three free th.rows. The 
Broncos went into halftime holding 
• 33-32 lead Rather than allow the 
turn of events to completely silence the 

team, the Tritons came back out in the 
second half with the large crowd even 
louder and the team ready to bounce 
back. 

"Wive got a team of competitors; 
Carr said. "They do this in practice 
every day, but they showed a lot ' of 
heart coming offback-to-back games:' 

That heart was evident as the twQ 
teams battled the entire second half. 
The Tritons' seven-point lead early in 
the period would be the largest for 
either team in the entire game. After 
gaining a 44-43 advantage at J 1:58, the 
Triton" with the fans steadily support-
ing their effort, would hold onto the 
lead for most of the half. 

"We knew the crowd was into it, 
and when the fans are into it, we're 
going to be into it," senior guard Odioh 
Odiye said. 

But, the momentum took a sudden 
shift as the Broncos' leading scorer 
Dion Cook stole and dunked the ball 
to give Pomona a 66-64 lead and quiet 
RIMAC Arena with just over 2:30 left 
to play. However, the silence was short-
lived, as UCSD responded by getting 
the ball into the hands of long-dis-
tance specialist junior guard Robby 
Peters, who did not disappoint, nailing 
a huge three-pointer that gave the lead 
back to the Tritons. After the Broncos 
responded with a three of their own, it 
was Peters again, nailing a jumper in 
the lane with hands in his face to give 
the Tritons a 70-69 advantage with one 
minute left to play. 

''I'm thinking, 'We've got to win this 
game,"' Peters said. 

The Broncos also felt as if they had 
to win the game, converting three of 
four free throws to retili the lead at 
72-70 with only 13 seconds left to play. 
After the inbounds off the free throw. 
Odiye got the ball near half-court. 
He dribbled furiously down the court, 

paused briefly near the top of the key, 
and then drove to the basket, con-
verting a pressure-packed lay-up and 
sending all Triton fans in attendance 
into a frenzy. 

. "Originally, we were supposed to 
get the ball to another player, but [Cal 
Poly Pomona 1 had him covered:' Odiye 
said. "[ saw [ had open real estate, so , 
just took it. , knew we didn't have 
much time so [ [hopedl to either get 
fouled or make the lay-up, and , made 
the lay-up." 

After a missed three-pointer by 
Cook at the buzzer, the teams headed 
for overtime in a game nobody was 
ready to see end. Once in the extra 
period, it would be Allard and fresh-
man forward Henry Patterson who ' 
stepped up their game. Allard scored 
the first four points of overtime on a 
lay-up and two free throws. Then, on 
consecutive trips to the line, Patterson 
converted three of his four chances 
to give UCSD a 79-77 advantage. 
Although he has struggled with his 
free-throw shooting so far this season, 
Patterson was impressive on Jan. 21. 
going 8-of-12 and proving clutch by 
making the ones that mattered most. 

"I've been practicing at free throws 
all week long just for that moment:' 
Patterson said. When asked whether 
his CCAA-Ieading field-goal percent-
age, struggles at the line and tendency 
to come through in the clutch made 
him San Diego's Shaquille O'Neal. 
Patterson laughed off the comparison. 

"' wouldn't say all that," he said_ 
''I'm San Diego's Henry Patterson, let's 
put it that waf. 

However, it was Peters. jokingly 
embracing his place as the new "Big-
Shot Rob," who apin proved to make 
the ~nce. After I lay-up from 

(IASknIAlL • .,-.15] J 


