
AM ERI CA 'S NEWSMAN CONFRONTS TH E WAR ON DRU G S ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

Report: Students lack Job Skills Boxing Begins Over 
New A.S. Constitution Survey finds four-year college graduates are 

deficient in written 
communication and 
applied skills. 

By Grace Wu 
fAFr WRIHR 

A recent report on student ' 
readine. s for the workforce con -
cluded that a large percentage of 
college graduates are not adequately 
prepared when entering the work-
place. and found that a growing 
number of four-year college gradu -
ates lack workpla e skill. 

According to the report, the 
applied kills that employers regard-
ed as most Important were "profes-
ionalism/work ethic," "oral and 

written communication," "team-
work/collaboration" and "critical 
thinking/problem solving." 

The report rated employees 
according to three levels: deficient, 
adequate or excellent. According to 
over 400 employers who responded 
to the report, only 8.1 percent of 
employers responded that college 
graduates were "deficient" in team-
work/collaboration skills. In the 
area of general preparation, 64.5 
percent of employers con idered 
college graduates "adequate:' 

Gov. Vetoes 
Aid Bill for 

Illegals 
By Charles Nguyen 

SENIOR STArF WRITER 

Gov. mold Schwarzenegger 
vetoed a bill this month that would 
have given undocumented students 
the right to apply for state financial 
aid, dealing a blow to key legislation 
for proponents of illegal immigrants' 
rights. 

The bill - called the California 
Dream Act and introduced by en. 
Gil Cedillo (D-Lo Angeles) - would 
have affected about 600 undocumented 
students at the University of California's 
lO-campus system. 

Support for the legislation was 
sharply plit along party lines during 
its Senate approval in late August, and 
many Republicans said the bill would 
prioritize undocumented students 
over out-of-state students, who cannot 
apply for in-state aid. 

"This is a slap in the face to any 
student who is here lega lly;' said 
Morgan Crinklaw, a spokesman for 
Assemblyman and Republican Leader 
George Plescia (R-San Diego). 

This year, UC officials estimated 

[ IMMIGRANTS, page 3 J 

HIAl\J 

A Hot Hot Stage 

However, written communica-
tion was the skill with the highest 
rating of deficiency: 27.8 percent of 
employers responded that college 
graduates were "deficient" in writ-
ten communication, 15.8 percent 
said they were "excellent" and the 
majority - 56.4 percent - said 
they were "adequate:' 

Nonprofit organizations the 
Conference Board, Corporate 
Voices for Working Families, the 
Partnership for 21 st Century kills 
and the Society of Human Resource 
Management jOintly conducted the 
report. 

Jill Ca ner-Lotto, a research con-
sultant for the Conference Board, 
tressed the need for college students' 

focus on these applied skills. 
"Basic ski lls are important -

such as reading, math, and basic 
writing - but this survey tells us 
that more advanced ski lls are also 
critical for uccess in workplace 
and global economy;' she said. 

According to Casner-Lotto, 
kills such as written communi-

cat ion are specifically important 
when simple business letters or 
even complex reports need to be 
written. 

John Muir College alumnus 
Steven Hong, who graduated in 
2006, said that as a market assis-
tant. written communication skills 
are important. 

WORKPLACE WOES 
• 8.1 percent of employers 
called college grads deficient 
In collaboration skills 
• 27.8 percent of employers 
said graduates lack proper 
written communication 
abilities 
• 56.4 percent of employers 
rated college graduate writing 
skills' adequate 

SOURCE: T HE C O NFERENCE BO ARD 

"All those paper I had to write 
in college and doing research did 
help me in my writing in market-
ing:' he said. 

While Casner-Lotto said he 
doe not know why there is a high 
rate of deficiency in applied skills. 
she said many college graduates are 
unprepared for the workforce pos-
ibly because university curriculum 

is too theoretical and lacks applica-
tions to the real world. Another 
possibility is that students do not 
receive enough hands-on experi-
ence. she said. 

"There should be more oppor-
tunities like internships where Istu-
dentsl really learn about the nature 

r REPORT. page 7 I 

"'RIISH KESHMIRIII I Gu/'RIJ/IiN 
A.S. counci/members are considering a revamped constitution that includes new council positions. 

College representation 
centerpiece of first 
debates over new plan. 

By Charle gu ell 
ENIOR TArF WRIHR 

Delivering on a campaign prom-
ise to redo the tructure of ~tudent 
government, A.S. Council President 
Harry Khanna has begun hopping 

to con tituents a rewritten ver ion of 
the A .. con titution, which, among 
other thing, shri nks the politi al 
power of college councils. rescinds 
the presidential veto and swap po i-
tion title and dutie acr the orga-
nization. 

Khanna, along with a task force 
charged with composing the first 
new ver ion of the document in over 

I CONSTITUTION, pag 8 I 

Crowding Sparks P~rking T uneup UC LIMITS 
ONLINE 
CLASSES 

Campus has increased 
number of carpool 
permits, discounted east 
lot passes and plans to 
expand bus routes. 

By Stephanie Simpson 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

The ever-growing number of stu-
dent complaints regarding on-cam-
pus parking symbolizes a constant 
conundrum for UCSD Parking and 
Transportation Services: a record-size 
freshman class and a limited amount 
of parking spaces. In response, the 
department has introduced major 
changes this year, including discount-
ing parking passes for cast-campus 
lot parking spaces and establishing a 
rental car service unique to' UCSD. 

A main reason for the parking 
cramp has been an imbalance in lot 
use, according to PTS Director Brian 
D'Autremont. 

Last year, the 3,279 yellow student 
spaces on the east side of campus 
were underutilized, while the fewer 
spaces located on the west side of 
campus overflowed, accord ing to 
D'Autremont. 

To combat th is growing problem, 
PTS introduced a discounted permit 

[ PARKING, page 8 I 

PORTS 

"'RIISH K[SHMIRIIIN/GUIiRIJ/IiN 
UCSD's unique new Ret Car program, which cummtly consists of JO wrs, allows students to rent 
preinsured wrs at hourly rates instead of daily rates. 

By mruti Aravind 
C N1RIBUfiNG WRITER 

The increasing amount of high 
chool tudent who count on online 

cou r es to boost their GPA and 
tran cript will face more crutiny 
than ever before. a UC officials 
r cently announced a new policy 
regulating cia e taken online. 

ince 2003. enrollment in online 
cia es ha quadrupled, e pecially 
among high chool students, accord-
ing to the Sacramento Bee. Due to 
the increasing reality of the Internet 
becoming a virtual educational envi-
ronment, the U system decided 
to legitimize online cour e.s with a 
tandard et of rule , according to 

U Office of the President Director 
of Undergraduate Admi sion usan 
A. Wilbur. 

~Until recently, UC did not have 
a policy for the acceptance of online 
course; Wilbur tated in an e-mail. 
"[But) when the univer ity began to 
see more students pre enting online 
cour es [on their tran criptsl, UC 
put in place a limited policy that 

I ONLINE , page 7 J 

WEATHER 
A Winning Trend New Bu siness ........................ 3 Le tte rs to the Editor .............. 5 

Danceable FallFest lineup includes 
has-beens and sophomoric nlll' I-n IlIDl)j 

Women's soccer continues its victory streak, 
slamming Cal State San Bernardino 5-0. 

Album Reviews .................... 10 
Druthers ................................ 12 

Oct. 12 Oct. J3 
H721.57 H68L58 

page no pag 9 Classifieds .. ........................... 16 
Crossword ............................. 16 

Oct. 14 Oct. 15 
H64 L56 H67L57 



2 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

••• WHATEVER BY CHItISTlNA AUSHANA 

I" . , . " " " 
I .' • • , 1 ., • 

• ,t , , " ,. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12,2006 

Healher Welles &Ia ill CIIW 
~ NSuyen MaNPlYlin 
~~suyen , 
HlllleyMtndou Copr~ 

NedaOreizy 
~ I'«AI1IIe ..... &liar 

NlllwtMillb 0fIni0n &liar 

CURRENTS---------------------------------
N .... lillras"i ~0pIIIciII 
r-.lel""P s,nldlllr 
Nicky Buchanan AIIodIIe IpGrtI &Ia 

Honna Camp "-&IIIr 
University Battles 
Global Warming 

The University of California will 
play a large role in the Global 
Warming Solutions Act - signed 
this week by Gov. Arnold 
Schwarzen~ - which aims to 
cut gr nhouse gas emissions by 25 
percent by 2020. 

The act is partially attributed 
to a group of UC economists who 
took the lead last July by urging the 
gov rnor and the state Legislature 
to act quickly to control greenhouse 
gas emi sions. . 

The UC system has long been 
involved in studying climate chang-
es and ways to regulate global 
warming, and today it boasts many 
top experts on greenhouse gases 
and environmental sustainability. 

At UC5D, researchers are work-
ing to und rstand atmospheric 
pressure and the consequences 
of rising temperatures. Chemists, 
using the San Diego Supercomputer 
Center - in collaboration with 
the Lawrence livermore National 
Laboratory - are working to bet-
ter understand the atmospheric 
processes that aft tour pollution-
weary lungs. 

"To understand a force as dynam-
ic and complex as the Earth's atmo-
sphere - or something as ephem-
eral as a cloud - ... [itl involves 
simulations with massive comput-
ing resources and data collections 
Ithat are only available today)," 
Supercomputer enter Director 
Fram Berman said. 

an Diego resear hers have also 
been in trumental in showing that 
rising temperatures will be respon-
ible for a number of costly wildfires 

in upcoming years, along with the 
Nobel Prize-winning discovery' that 
ch lorofluorocdrbons damage the 
ozone layer. 

Orange Juice Does 
a Body Good 

Researchers from UC Davis have 
recently found that two daily serv-
ings of a reduced-calorie orange 
juice fortified with plant sterols can 
reduce the risk of heart disease. 

Sterols - recognized for their 
cholesterol-lowering ability when 
added to fats - have also been 
fou nd to decrease "bad" low-den-
sity lipoprotein cholesterol levels, ' 
when added to orange juice. The 
study added to this body of knowl-
edge, showing that low-ca lorie 
orange juice also reduces C-reactive 
protein, an accepted risk marker for 
heart disease. 

Sterols are present in small quan-
tities in a variety of foods, including 
fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, cere-
als and legumes, and are thought 
to lower LDL levels in the bodY by 
limiting absorption of cholesterol in 
the intestine. 

According to study author 
Ishwarlal Jialal, the combination 
of reducing LDL cholesterol and 
C-reactive protein levels prevents 
more heart attacks than decreaSing 
either measure alone. 

"The best way to fight heart dis-
ease is through changes in diet and 
exercise: Jialal said. "But the reality 
is that people have trouble making 
those changes. Drinking a plant ste-
rol -fortified orange juice beverage is 
a relatively simple thing to do and 
it may have important preventative 
effects." 

Matthew Leavitt "-iaIe'-'" 
Simone\Vil50n ..... &IIIr 

JiaGy .......... ... 

Arash ICefhmiriln ..... ... 

Ridlard 0lOI ....... ... 
Jennifer HIu All ... 

EeooIoI ..... 
... r.,.... 

Michelle lee, . ...:t:'I:ii: ~ Shi .... 
Si ...... Whoot, MidIIII _leen Yip 

c.". ...... NOli ..... -1IooOIor. _ .. Wi. linton. 
Kevin WuIfoMn 

MN CondoW GoMIIIiIIIMpr 

Mi<NeIf ............. ...... 

Mik.MI .... ~AI!on-
I ........ ___ 

All""" ..... ~GIo<p .. n C't. ....... 

~~I'ort., 

IEAI.ISIC 
WIITE ' AIIIT IT 

(we'U even throw in a couple of bucks) 
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 

CIUEIE •• IT@ 
stingaree 
Til. ICY 12 
........ 

3 I~els & fully stocked bars 
VIP Mezzanine Area 

Rooftop lounge with skyline views 
$5 until llpm with Student 10 

11+ 
Hosted by,. ......... . 

Selector ·1I_1Ir-_ .. _ ..... 
ME ••• UII 

454 Sixth Avenue, Downtown SO 
... ,'a •• _ .. 

_.1"11'.'1'" 

0EAN-PHILIPPE SALON 

FREE HAIRCUT 
WITH ANY HAIR COLOR SERVICE 

FOR AN APPOINTMENT CALL: 
858551.9515 

7865 HERSCHEL AVENUE, LA JOLLA. CA. 92037 
VVWW.JEAN-PHILtPPESALON.COM 

HAIR MODLES NEEDED FOR SALON TRAINING SESSIONS 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

Whack-a-Mole: Council 
Answers Its Own Questions 
D espite the introduction of a brand-new council discus-sion forum, the A.S. Council 
still managed to complete its agenda 
in a relatively short amount of time, 
coinciding with the return of Vice 
President Internal Janine Dellomes 
as chair. 

Among the scattered sugges-
tions for the moment of silence were 

open forum which aUows council-
members and members of the public 
to ask the A.S. leadership questions, 
prompting confusion about when 
to stand, when to speak and which 
stuffy titles by which to address each 
other. 

"This is like playing whack-a-
mole;' DeUomes joked, pointing her 
finger at each senator who raised his 

or her hand to National Coming 
Out Day, Eleanor 
Roosevelt's birth-
day and Fox 
News Channel's 
10th anniver-
sary - "because 
they're so fair 
and balanced!" 

New 
Business 

speak. 
Up first, 

)\.S. President 
Harry Khanna 
spoke about 
the Residential 
Security Officer 
problem that 

Eleanor Roosevelt Senior Senator 
Erik Rodriguez-Palacios quipped. 

The familiar face of Assistant Vice 
ChanceUor of Student Life Gary R. 
Ratdiff, the only speaker to address 
the council during pUblic input, 
informed the council of its influ-
ence on university projects and the 
status of administrative participation 
in correcting issues put forth in the 
Undergraduate Student Experience 
and Satisfaction report. 

"Your predecessors, many of 
whom have graduated by now, were 
instrumental in making this initia-
tive happen~ Ratcliff said, referring 
to next yeill"s Price Center expan-
sion. 

Ratcliff's perspective on the 
U.S.E.S. changes was equaUy positive 
as he announced that starting Oct. 
29, Geisel Library will be extend its 
hours to 2 a.m. He also mentioned 
that talks were underway to extend 
the hours of certain vendors at Price 
Center to correspond with the new 
library hours. 

The recently passed "Question 
Time" was next on the agenda, an 

the U.S.E.S. report brought to light. 
Khanna. who recently discussed the 
issue with Vice ChanceUor of Student 
Affairs Joseph W. Watson, suggested 
that the dean of each coUege attempt 
to deal with the problem indepen-
dently. 

Thurgood Marshall College 
Junior Senator Kyle SanUa expressed 
concern about the policy, asking if 
in the end it would create a "Santa 
Barbara" at one colJege and a "fourth 
reich" at another. 

"We would begin different things 
at different coUeges, and in the end 
would normalize the standards; 
Khanna said. 

Rodriguez-Palacios excitedly 
announced that . ChanceUor Marye 
Anne Fox was going to attend the 
upcoming quarterly A.S. Pancake 
Breakfast. 

· Will the chanceUor be serv-
ing food at the pancake breakfast?" 
Samia asked. 

"( can't speak on behalf of the 
chancellor, but she had no prob-
lem doing it last time," Khanna 
said. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Veto Ignites 
Student 
Protests 

• IMMIGRANTS, from page 1 
that out-of-state students paid $18,168 
more in tuition and fees, and total 
costs next year could inflate. Currently, 
illegal immigrants are allowed to apply 
for in-stale residency, a status that 
would spare them extra costs. In 2005, 
over 40 nonre ident students sued 
the UC system, demanding damages 
because they were charged higher 
tuition rates than illegal aliens. The 
students claimed that the university 
violated a federal law, passed in 1996, 
that mandated the same amount of aid 
be provided to both nonresident and 
undocumented students. 

Still, Cedillo said his bill was meant 
to "to retain California's high school 
investment:' A consortium of student 
groups, state cultural organizations 
and chambers of commerce -
including those of Los Angeles and 
San Francisco - are still fighting 
to revive the legislation. On Oct. 7, 
students protested the governor's veto 
at Sacramento State University and 
Cedillo criticized Schwarunegger for 
his decision to veto the bill. 

"Just last week the governor ha.d 
an opportunity ... to open the door 
for aU eligible California high school 
graduates to compete for institutional 
financial aid in order to attend coUege~ 
Cedillo staled in a press release. "He 
chose to close the door instead:' 

N1:WS 3 

The cost of providing aid to illegal 
immigrants ill the UC system would 
be $3.7 million, legislative analysts 
estimated. UCSD Financial Aid Director 
Vmcent De Anda said that. because t.'e 
number of enroUed illegal immigrants 
was smaJJ, the impact of a bill such as 
Cedillo's would be "minimal:' 

THE~GUARDL\N READ UCSD 
Readers can con/ac/ Charles Nguyen 
a/ charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Mondays & Thursdays 

Make student life easier. 
SAVE on the essentials from 
Time Warner Cable 

Digital Cable 
• Over 150 popular channels 
• Over 25 On Demand Channels 
• 40 commercial-free Music 

Choice channels 
• Free Advantage Cable in every room 

- great for roommates! 
• Access to Movies. Local Sports 

and more! 

DVR (Digital Video Recorder) 
't' ••• g .... t •• you'_ .... rd! 
• Like a VCR. only better! 
• Record a whole series 

automatically 
• Pause and Rewind LIVE TV 

Get 
Digital Cable 

with DVR for 
only $54.95 a rr:onth 

for 6 months!'" 
Ask for Cifmpaign #163 

~ TIME WARNER CABLE ~ THE POWER OF YOU' 
(858) 695-3220 

or visit twcsd.com 

CABLE HIGH SPEED ONLINE DIGITAL PHONE 

___ D!pIoI __ ... __ • .,_ ..... __ ...... "'__ ............ ....., ....... f., ., __ wil: ..... ...-. ........ 0iptaI ...... ~_ __ ... _10.___ _.,.b_ 



4 
. , 
, II 

..;;...;;.TH-=Et.:~- "GuARDIAN 
- ,~~-----

•••• ,.. . . I •• , • I • • ••• 

. ,. , .. , ... . , ., ... , . 

~ team for taking down UCLA for the 

CONTACT THE EDITOR 
Nathan Miklos 

opinion@ucsdguardian.org OPINION ~ 
Props to UCSD's men's water polo 

~ first time in school history. 

Flops to the international community ~ 
for its flaccid response to North Korea's 
possible detonation of a nudear device. 

EDITORIALS 
Economical Hospital 

Move Will Hurt Needy 
W hen it comes to health care, progress is the undeniable Lucifer. He'll candy-coat models of efficiency and capital. 
around a sour core, and enter-
prising minds will come run-
ning. Those minds are heading a 

resents those potentially affected 
by the 385-bed loss at Hillcrest. 
The authors cite concerns of 

plan to shift inpatient beds from " inconvenience:' and sing terms 
UCSO's Hillcrest Medical Center like "access gaps" and "access 
- historically Ii lynch pin in San challenges:' But euphemisms 
Diego's "safety net" system for can't cloak a simple fact: The plan 
poorer, indigent patients - to will hurt some patients unlikely 
La Jolla's Thornton Hospital, a to have transportation. After a 
move that could break the pres- closer look, some of the report's 
sure cooker that is the health care numbers are actually alarming. 
system south of .. _________ ~ For example, by 

Interstate 8. CAN". HIDE THE TRUTH the time UCSD 
On paper, closes all of its 

there is rea - acute-care beds 
• Transfer of beds from 

so n for joy. at Hillcrest, 
The county has Hillcrest may save money. hospitals in San but it won't save lives. 
recently blessed Diego's central, 
UC D 's propos- east and south 
al through a 230-page study that districts will be over full capacity. 
found the move to have minimal The beefier version of 
impact on San Diego hospitals. Thornton Hospital will no doubt 
Eighty- ix percent ofthe Hillcrest be UCSO health care's new pride: 
center's cases, the authors rea- a highly functional , state-of-the-
soned , are o utpatients, so the art giant of local medical care. 
exchange of extensive Thornton Still, nothing can obscure the 
care for reduced Hillcrest services importance of public service and 
would be beneficial. the potential lives that hang in the 

But the report severely m isrep- balance. 

Police Dept.'s Failure to Act 
Neglects Student Needs 

For someone who is supposed to be serv-ing and protecting UCSD student inter-ests, Community Service Officer Program 
Coordinator Peter Kim is doing a meant to say 'nothing happened.m 
lousy job. CSO program vehicles should 

A university audit recently con- be used to escort student.s who 
firmed that Kim, who has been with need help, not take away valu-
the CSO progTam for eight years, able time from on-duty CSOs. If 
was at fault for two serious offenses: Kim cannot understand that by 
breaching both California state law taking CSO -chauffeured rides on 
and university policy by failing to university time, he hurts students 
give CSOs proper meal breaks and on by holding up escort opportuni-
numerous occasions using on-duty ties, he is not fit to be leading a 
CSOs to cOflUTlit paid job time to department responsible for ensur-
drive him to local train stations using ing student safety. 
university-owned .. __________ .. 

vehicles, which use WHY NO ACTlONl 
As an 

employee of the 
UCSD Police university mpney I-__________ ~ 

for gas and main-
tenance. In addi-
tion' several former 
CSOs have said that 
his poor manage-

Department -
which is suppos-
edly responsible 
for holding high 
moral standards 
and upholding 

• Peter Kim's miIuM 01 job 
resouras proves him unfit 
to act .. CSO COCHcInaIor 
for UCSD • . 

ment abilities led to '-----------..1 
a massive officer exodus in recent 
months, lowering the typically 45-
strong squad to about 15 individuals. 

In a recent interview with the 
Guardian, Kim also denied that he 
committed any wrongdoings and 
refused to comment on the charges. 

"There was an audit, but I was 
cleared of everything; he s;oid. 

Kim's boss - UCSD police U. 
David Rose - defended Kim's state-
ments, saying he did not "think [Kim] 

the law - Kim should be frred 
for his blatant long-term reckless 
negligence of university policy and 
mistreatment of CSOs. However, 
the fact that Killl was not repri-
manded at all for his actions, even 
in the face of an official audit find -
ing him at fault for repeated policy 
breaches, leads this board to ques-
tion the department's commitment 
to ethics and ability to safeguard 
student interests. 

THE,*GUARDlAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Heathu Welles 

Andrew Nguyen 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Charles Nguyen 
MANAGING EDITOR 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
Matthew McArdle 

N~WS EDITOR 
Nathan Miklos 

OPINION ED ITOR 

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University 01 
Calilornia al San Diego. Contents © 2006. Views expressed herei n represent 
the majority vote 01 the editoria l board and are not necessari ly those 01 the 
UC Board 01 Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian stall. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Kedar Reddy 

l-VOT[ 
~----~--- ~------

Let's Face the Truth, America: A War 
on Drugs Is a War on Ourselves 

T he war on drugs has failed :' A(ter Reagan, Bush Sr. created the tine, the leading voice on A~erica's Those are the words of Office of Drug Control Policy, one drug policy came to a drug treat-retired newsman Walter of the most storied enemies of drug ment center in Reno in 2002, talked 
Cronkite from a March Huffington America. Led by a "drug czar; the about billionaires funding efforts to 
Post blog. Some argue that Cronkite department has helmed the social, decriminalize marijuana, and then 
single-handedly sparked the move- cultural and legislative "war on addressed them frankly: "Let's stop 
ment against the Vietnam War - when drugs." The first drug czar, William hiding. I'm here. Where are you?" 
he speaks, people listen. I did too. Bennett, campaigned to establish and Yes, let's fight . Let's goad and 

Twenty-four years ago, former bolster the druggie stereotype, aka provoke until your child, your 
President Ronald Reagan perpetuated that lazy, deflated stoner we see on coworker, your boss and almost 
an American convention of the Oval anti-drug commercials. But it's the every teenager is jailed. To take cues 
Office: proclaim a war on drugs. In latest drug czar, albeit a fake one, who from our nation's leaders such as 
his Oct. 14 yearly caught my fucy. Walters would be to damn anyone 
radio speech, the Good "If there is a who has ever tried drugs. 
40th president war on drugs, Think about that. 
repeated words G · f' then many of our Think about facetime with 
used by the suc- rle. family members Walters and what he would say to 
cessive adminis- are the enemy," you, your lab partner, your mother 
trations of Bush I, said fictional U.S. or anyone who could have possibly 
Willie I, Willie II drug czar Robert experimented. 
and Bush II. The Wakefield, a char- I know he would probably hate-
American government's encounter acter played by Michael Douglas in me. A lot. 
with drugs began before Reagan, and the Oscar-winning film "Traffic." And not even former President Bill 
the first inklings of hostility date back "And I don't know how you wage Clinton, the lone Democratic presi-
to the '70s, with former President war on your own family.- dent since 1981, can claim a more lib-
Richard Nixon's founding of the Drug It's a mentality we all should eral drug stance than his Republican 
Enforcement Agency. adopt. Drugs are in our life, bur- counterparts. The famous "smoked, 

But it was the success of drug rowed in our children and col - but didn't inhale" excuse might have 
enforcement agencies in the '80s, been a sign, but Clinton kept the same 
romanticized by Don Johnson's stranglehold on Drug America as did 
highlighter suit jackets and FerrariS, ' e '-___ on A_1ft&!' Reagan and Busll Sr. The number 
which cemented the dunce cap on Wile u& ~ of marijuana arrests during Clinton's 
presidents for years to come. The ·th health tenure hit historic levels. 
"war on drugs; along with health 008 WI American policy is as lazy as the 
care, remains one of the longest, and care, remains one of stoner stereotype it peddles through 
most costly, political fumbles in his- its politicians. Imagine this scenario 
tory. Currently, it costs our federal the longest, and most as a commercial from the now-
government about $600 per second, ~1,,', politi.cal defunct D.A.R.E. program: 
according to the Office of National """"""1' Sober kid: "Hey man, fed like rev-
Drug Policy's budget. fumbl . histo . .J' oluti0nizinS America's drug policy? 

Ironically enough, Americans' es m &.1' Create a comprehensive, but standard-
attack on drugs goes hand in hand ized treatment system for addicts? 
with the hippies of the 60s. The Permit but regulate substance abuse 
counterculture birthed from free leagues. To continue this war would to pull profits from government-taxed 
love, free drugs and paraded in be to incite battles with the people goods? Lower crime rates, while spar-
"Easy Riderw continued through the around us. ing crunched prisons and courts and 
decades. The whiplash against drugs The anecdotes are countless, but prosecutors' sociaIlivesr" 
came in government form, and was eerily similar: a kid clueless about the Stoned kid: "Nab mall, let's just 
renamed for each decade (1960s: justice system makes a stupid mistake, do what Reagan did." 
Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous and pays a life sentence for it. For Sober kid: "Want to at least talk 
Drugs, 1970s: Drug Enforcement reference, see the account in "Reefer about ilr" 
Administration, 19805: South Madness- - a written 2003 expose Stoned kid: "Nah man, he', a 
Florida Task Force, 19905: Office of of America'. marijuana laws - of movie star. Let', just listen to hlm'-
National Drug Control Policy). Mark Young, an Indianan with a clean ~. it isn't lazinell, but just 

Reagan's reign - which began record sentenced to lik after connect- another one of America', reactive 
with a campaign statement that ing a marijuana seller with a buyer. prototype. of policy, bound to an 
marijuana was · probably the most There are a million storia like his. uncompromiJin& 1ft of monls. This 
dangerous drug in America" - But s~ the war continues, as do commentary, facing the anti-drug 
emphaSized enforcement over treat- the extremely conservative views of mob, will most likely go unhearJ, 
ment, and the trend has continued, our nation's drug czan. Fonowing like so many choked efforts to the 
especially regarding still-Schedule Bennett was Barry McCaffrey, who same means. 
I marijuana. About half of all drug secretly and illegally inserted anti- But I'll play America'. version of 
arrests are related to marijuana, drug messages in advertisements. "Simon/Reagan Says." 
according to the FBI's Uniform Bush Jr:5 version, John Walters, is Cronkite says: Lt's time to rethink 
Cri me Reports . no better. According to Time maga- how we deal with drugs. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN OPIN\ON 5 

LEITERS TO THE EDITOR- Pennsylvania University Cries 'Title 
IX' Instead of Admitting the . Truth Objectivity in Classroom Impossible 

Dear Editor, 
I enjoyed Ms. Buchanan's care-

fully written "Teacher Don't Preach" 
in the Oct. 8 issue of the Guardian. 
I'd like to encourage more articles 
on the topic by pointing out two 
areas to explore. First, the author 
assumed that objectivity is possible 
in academics. In reality, this prop-
osition has been actively debated 
among philosophers for a while. 

Rutgers ph ilosopher Roy Clouser, 
in his lively book "The Myth of 
Religious Neutrality" finds "religiOUS 
beliefs" in mathematics and the natu-
ral sciences after rigorously defining 
that phrase. UCSD Prof. Rahimi's 
comment on the diversity of his reli -
gious beliefs affirms Clouser's defini-
tion: "my religious beliefs range from 
a humanistic conception of moral 
conduct to ritually watching 'Real 
Time' [ ... ] I never separate my beliefs 
from my lectures:' 

Second, and in keeping with this 
broad understanding of religious 
conviction, Ms. Buchanan did not 

explore the extent to which religious 
beliefs permeate the science and 
philosophy lecture halls. 

To put it bluntly, if Daniel 
Dennett and UCSD Prof. Patricia 
Churchland don't have strong reli -
gious convictions that influence their 
lectures and their work, no one does. 

- David Matthews 
Ph.D. Student, 

Computational Neurobiology 

• The Guardian welromes letters from 
its mulers. All letters must be no longer 
tlum 500 words, typed, double-spaced 
and signed with a ruune and appliutble 
title. Letrers must also contJJin a phone 
number. We reservt the right to edit 
for length and dority. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian office on 
the i«oJ floor of the StuJent Center 
or e-mai:d Send alI Ietters to: 

The UCSD GIUU'diGft 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 9Z093-0316 

By Mdody Ganl 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Fearful of potential lawsuits 
stemlT)ing from Title IX noncom-
pliance, James Madison University 
announced last Friday that the 
school would cut \0 teams - seven 
of which are men's teams - from 
its athletics program. The school's 
official line was apologetic, claim-

. ing that Title IX, a federal law 
that requires equal opportunities 
be provided for men and women, 
was the driving force behind the 
cuts. 

"To eliminate such opportuni -
ties for students was absolutely 
difficult in the extreme," said 
Lamar Daniel, a Title IX compli -
ance consultant and former U.S. 
Department of Education offi-
cial who spoke to JMU athletes 
on Sept. 29. "We would not have 
done it if not for Title IX." 

But if compliance with Title 
IX was the only conSideration, 
why were three women's tearns cut 
along with the others? 

greater distances to find competi-
tors. 

Also, because there are no 
organized conference champion-
ships, programs must compete on 
a national level in order to gain 
recognition. Both of these things 
cost money - money that some 
argue would be better spent on 
larger women's teams like tennis, 
golf, swimming and diving, which 
will split $5 15,000 of the $549,000 
freed by the cuts. 

~g the law for 
tiudget cuts is not 

only spineless, it also 
seriously damages the 
public perception of 
a law that extends far 
beyond the realm of 

athletics. 

a law that extends far beyond the 
realm of athletics. 

Title IX was part of the fed-
eral government's Educational 
Amendments in 1972, which were 
enacted to create gender equal-
ity in education - including, but 
not limited to, sports. To comply 
with Title IX, a school must show 
that participation opportu nities 
fo r men and women are roughly 
proportional to the school's male 
and female populations; that the 
school has a histo~ of program 
expansion; or that "the interests 
and abilities of [the underrepre-
sented sex] have been fully and 
effectively accommodated' by the 
present program." 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
"If it had nothing to do with 

funding, why not keep the wom-
en's sports to help the ratios? " 
, M U archer Jessica Fasula told 
reporters days after the confer-
ence. 

"AU of the money that comes 
from the cuts goes back into these 
sports," Perrine said. 

Nowhere in the text of Title IX 
does it say that the same amount of 
money be given to men's and wom-
en's teams. Rather, the law talks 
about "equality" and "proportional-
ity." For example, if a university has 
a football team and opens a women's 
volleyball and crew team to meet 
Title IX requirements, the women's 
team would not necessarily receive 
the same amount of money as the 
men's tearn, but "proportional" sup-
port based on how many .women 
the teams have, what they need and 
where they compete. 

Visit our Web site to: 
-Read stories from last issue 
-Apply for a job at the Guardian 
-Vote in our We~ poll 
-Leave story comments 
-Access story archives 
-Check out classified ads 
-Read exclusive Web stories 

JMU's financial situation seems 
to suggest that Title IX compliance 
was not the only motive for the 
decision, or even the main one. 
On Oct. 2, JMU spokesman Andy 
Perinne said that sports programs 
were cut in part because of mon-
etary issues, and in part because 
the teams cut didn't have confer-
ence memberships. Maintaining a 
nonconference sport creates extra 
financial problems, he explained, 
since teams usually have to travel 

It seems, then, that the cuts 
have less to do with Title IX and 
more to do with the difficult deci-
sion to fund some sports at the 
expense of others. Instead of taking 
the flak that would come from an 
unpopular decision, JMU admin-
istrators seem to be scapegoating 
Title IX to shield themseh'es from 
criticism. 

Blaming the law for budget cuts 
is not only spineless, it also serious-
ly damages the public perception of 

And the law doesn't apply solely 
to athletics. Title IX ensures equal 
opportunities for men and women 
in all programs at all educational 
institutions. 

Granted, rationing funds among 
many different teams is complicated 
and sometimes unpleasant - and 
the administrators of JMU find 
themselves in just such an unen-
viable bind. But having the tough 
job of making an uncomfortable 
decision is no reason to deflect the 
blame on Title IX. 

SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
PREYENTION PUZZLE 

Solutions found at the Office of Sexual Harassment Prevention & Policy (OSHPP) 

Mount St. Mary's graduate programs in Counseling Psychology, 
Education, Humanities, Physical Therapy, Religious Studies and 
Nursing are designed for working adults who want to pursue 
fulfilling careers. 

-Mount St. Mary's has been preparing students to make a 
difference for more than 75 years. U.S. News and World Report 
ranks us among the finest universities in the Wesl 

Doctor of Physical Therapy 
M.S. Counseling Psychology 

• MarrUlge and Family 1hertlpy 
• Community and Interpersonal Rdationa 

M.S. Education 
• Singll cf. Multipll Subj«t Crtdnltial 
• Sp«/QI &luc4tion CrtJkrttial 

M.A. Humanities 
M.S. Nuninl 
M.A. ReJiBiou. Studies 

: • '. J 

'(Ol TI) ,y ,I • ,I, ", t I' I, '\' (J j." )\ I \t'l, I I ) 

ACIOSS 
5. Oh! PIrates' vessel 
6. to agree 
9, teach 
10. of or relating to birds and bees 
13. strike on rear end 
14. blue dress owner 
15, not Invited 
18. fed nondiscrImination agency 
19. Ilw-ln partner 
21, Don Juan trait 
22. workplace and TV show 
23. Bush gave Merkel 
25. CharlIze Theron 2005 film 
26. a leader's influence 
27. amorous anImated skunk 

DOWN 
1. prejudice 
2. fern. or masc. social construct 
3. Dudley or Oemi 
4. answer to a problem 
7. What _ is the baby? 
8. BIll O'Reilly's loofah 
11. Dr. Frasier Crane gives it 
12. person who Is stellar example 
14. your spot 
16. la Jolla unIversIty 
17. cowboys In love 
19. give an account of an incident 
20. to make assumptions 
22. fer.llaw re gender equality In education 
24. President after 41 st 



Ii OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

www.hpu.edufgrad 
MASTER DEGREE PROGRAMS AT HPU: 
·MBA • Secondary Education 
• Communication • Social Work 
• Diplomacy and Military Studies • Teaching English as a Second language 
• Global leadership 
• Human Resource Management VISit the HPU re reselltatlve 

WedMlday. 0ct0IIer 11, .. 
Unlversity 01 Califonlil- S. Dietl 
SIudeat Wllkway 

• Information Systems 
• Nursing 
• Organizational Change 1DI .... - Z p .... 

Inquire about our online and distance education programs. 
Attractive scholarship and assistantship opportunities are available. 

GRADUATE ADMISSIONS 
1164 Bishop Street, Suite 911 • Honolulu, HI 96813 

808-544-1135· Toll-free: 1-866-GRAD-HPU· E-mail : graduate@hpu.edu 

Read the Guardian online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

SPECIAL 
EGG DONOR 

NEEDED 
Preferred Donor will meet the follOwing criteria: 

Height Approximately 5'9 or Taller 

. " 
. 

I' ,', 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

So What Was Your SAT 
Score- and Who C'ares? 

By Nathan Miklos 
OPINION EDITOR 

It's not as if your SAT score decides 
everything: If you know the right peo-
ple, a score of 1206 is enough to get 
you into the Oval Office. 

But with mounting evidence that 
scores do not accurately predict stu-
dent performance in coUege, more 
and more universities are dropping 
the SAT as an application requirement. 
With worries about unequal access 
to testing preparation programs, the 
gradual de-emphasis of the SAT may 
lead to a welcome change in the way 
colleges look at applicants - and in the 
way appl icants look at college. 

At last month's meeting of the 
National Association for CoUege 
Admission Counseling, the use of the 
SAT as a key admissions component 
was a hot-button issue, with a substan-
tial number of participants warming 
up to the idea of dropping the test. 

Representatives from Bates College 
in Maine describe(! how their school 
became one of the first competitive 
colleges to abandon the SAT as an 
application prerequisite after it found 
that the school's high-performing stu-
dents (measured by college GPA) were 
not especially likely to have a high 
incoming SAT score. 

In the years since the coUege has 
dropped the testing requirement, 
student data has conSistently con-
firmed that the SAT measure alone 
is not a good predictor of coUegiate 
success, according to Bates' Dean of 
Admissions Wylie L Mitchell Students 
who choose to submit scores usually 
have combined scores that are roughly 
ISO points higher than the average 
of students who do not submit their 
scores - but the difference in coUege 
GPA for the two groups. according to 
Bates, is a mere 0.05 points. 

And there's more. One of the panel-

ists at the meeting, Matthew Mergen of 
New Jersey's Drew University, told the 
group !bar consideration of application 
options encouraged input from the 
school's staff. "It really energized the 
faculty;" Mergen said. citing a burst of 
interest from staff members in how the 
school defines "quality~ 

And quality is that intangible thing 
universities are after. An inherent prob-
lem with relying heavily on the SAT is 
that it's hard to capture an accu rate 
napshot in a number. One possibili ty 

brought up at the meeting is the sub-
mission of a portfolio of graded work 
from high school, which is a far more 
accurate example of a student's ability 
to perform in an academic setting than 
a timed multiple-choice test. 

The SAT is not without its strengths, 
of course. Despite its limitations as a 
test, the SAT is useful in that it's easy 
to rapidly compare the score of one 
student to another's, particularly for 
large schools such as the University 
of California (which received almost 
300,000 applications in fa!l2(06). And 
with rampant grade-point inflation 
weakening the meaning of high school 
GPAs, the numerical reference provid-
ed by the SAT can be one of the only 
unbiased comparisons of students. 
Perhaps most importantly, it's cheap. 
How much would it cost to hine and 
train enough readers to comb through 
the high school work of thousands 
upon thousands of applicants? 

But in the current academic climate 
in which the difference between a vale-
dictorian and a no-name is only a min-
iscule difference in high school GPA, 
a de-emphasis of numerical measures 
would help schools truly differentiate 
between those likely to succeed and 
those who just test well. After all, the 
SAT - and all standardized tests -
are meant to be a measure of academic 
ability, not a beast unto themselves. 
Why not go straight to the foOUrCe? 

- $8.16 / hour 
6-15 hours/week 
apps due by Oct 2 
at 11 :OOAM! 

Causasian 

S.A.T. Score Around 1275 or HighA C.T. (Be a 
College Student or Graduate Under 30 

Athletic 

No Genetic Medical Issues 

COMPENSATION $80,000 
Paid to you and/or the charity of your choice 

All related expenses will be paid in addition to your compensation 

(Extra compensation available for someone who might be 
espeCially gifted in athletics, science/mathematics or music) 

For more information or to obtain an application please contact 
Michelle at the Law Offices (866) 330-6036 or email 

Donorinfo@pacbell.net 

'ThIS ad 15 bemg placed for a panJcular clIent and IS not soliCiting eggs for a donor bank. 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12,2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

More Internships Needed, Expert Says 
• REPORT, from page 1 "I think learning the process of 
of work to be done in the corpora- studying is useful for my job, not 
tion, being mentored by someone so much the content," he said. "It 
who can guide [themJ ," Casner- taught me how to go about writing a 
LOllo said . paper, how to research the Web and 

She said another possible solu - how to find what I need:' 
I iOIl is to have more. collaboration . For Thurgood Marshall College 
between corporation s and universi- alumnus Ji Lee, who graduated in 
ties in order to cultivate important 2004, the results of the report are 
skill s in the workplace. not a major concern. 

On campus, the Career Services "UCs are very theoretical, but 
Center offers three job fairs a year the kn owledge from the UC system 
where employers come to campus to prepares you enough that when you 
recruit prospective employees. Students go into a job, you can just learn on 
are able to network with employers as the job; Lee said, "If you were com-
well as search for full -time or pan-time petent in college, you'll do just fi ne 
jobs 01" internships. in the work force." 

Despite not having any intern- Lee said he does not believe th at 
ships or jobs during h is college written communication skills will 

, career, Hong said he believes he hinder hi:; work ability. 
is still adequately prepared for the "I can't communicate some ideas 

"My job doesn't deal with commu -
nicating with other people. My work 
revolves around Microsoft Excel 
spreadsheet s and numbers ." 

According to Casner-Lotto, com-
panies are expecting a greater degree 
of readiness from college graduates, 
especially if they are in senior posi-
tions that deal with other companies 
and representatives. Thus, applied 
skills are important to acquire while 
in college. 

"I'm keepi ng up:' Hong said. "But 
I realize there are a lot of things I 
don't know how to deal with. I don't 
know what my employers expect, 
but they have to expect to train 
employees if they're entry-level. 
They ca n't expect a polished worker 
right out of school." 

workforce with skills he acqu ired as like I want 10, but I don't think I'm Readers can contact Grace Wu at 
a student. deficient in that regard; he ' said. jeiiyroll@yahoo.com. 

Policy Change to Affect 2008-09 Applicants 
I> ONLINE, from page 1 
was intended as a stopgap until the 
faculty could establish a more com-
prehensive policy." 

The policy establishes criteria 
that all Web sites offering online 
classes must adhere to in order to 
obtain UC approval. 

For example, the provider must 
be accredited by one of the regional 
accrediting commission s recog-
nized by the U.S. Department of 
Education. 

The policy also requires online 
course providers to develop and 
deliver course curricula designed 
and/or reviewed by content experts 
and teachers to verify the authentic-
ity of student work. 

Students who take online classes 
are normally seeking to fulfill the 
University of California's A-G sub -
ject requirements. These requ ire-
ments include social science, English 

and math, and are the most basic 
requirements for entry into the UC 
system. 

However, the university's labo-
ratory science and visual and per-
forming arts requir:"l!1.ents cannot be 
fulmled online. 

The university will continue to 
stress the importance of realistic 
elements in these virtual classrooms, 
like contact with a teacher and exam-
ination integrity, Wilbur stated, 

The actual policy will consider 
other providers of online classes, 
and will take one to two years to be 
fully implemented. It will affect stu-
dents who take online courses and 
are applying for UC admission for 
the 2008-09 academic year. 

Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Admissions and Registration Mae 
W. Brown said that most students 
have nothing to worry about. 

"The online course limitation 

will not affect admission to UCSD 
unless the student has not fulmled 
the A-G subject requirements:' 
Brown stated in an e-mail. "Students 
will be reviewed on a case-by-case 
basis ." 

The policy will not affect transfer 
students who have finished credits 
online through a community college. 
Wilbur stated, since community col-
leges already have a well-defined 
process for approving courses. 

When the new policy has been 
adopted and implemented, appli-
cants will be able to check the UC 
Web site for acceptable online cours-
es. 

"Students will benefit from this 
policy because they can be assured 
that they are taking quality courses; 
Wilbur stated. 

Readers can contacl Smruti Aravind 
at saravind@ucsd.edu. 

today 10.12 
FREE haircut p.3 
UCSD weekend p.3 
Solve the puzzle p.s 
La Jolla Brewhouse p.S 
What's a Mystery School? p. 19 

ArtPowerl p .. 12 

Platinum Tan p.11 

Eat at Club Med p.10 

~lAn...n 
".ZOIII 
....... 2.-
......... 

~'AI"AIU TO l2O&Ums 
ULTIIAZONE 

3146 s,.ts Arw tW . • s.. DiIIo, (A 
0. ... hot" sa Sports ...... (619) m~l1oo. www.IIIru_ •• II ••. _ 

Student Securities 
s.curlftg rourfutur • . 

www.studentsecurities . com 

NEWS 7 

20% OFF SERVICES & HAtR 
PRODUCTS WITH VALID UCSD 
10. 10 MUST BE SHO'NN TO 
RECEIVE THE SAVINGS. 
CONTACT DARRYL 

1\ STANFORDb· d . 
' •• ' 10 eSI n 

ANNOUNCING: 

Now Accepting Applications 
2007-2008 Biodesign Innovation Fellowships 

Learn the process of biomedical technology innovation 
through an intensive fellowship at Stanford University. 

Fellows learn-by doIng-the key stages of the biodesign 
process: identification and verification of clinical needs, 
Invention, prototyping, paren~ing, early-stage testing, regulatory 
and reimbursement. planning and financing. 
APPLICATION DEADLINE: 

Onlnc"ns: September 30, 2006 
All othen: Nowmber 30, 2006 

APPLY ONPNE: http:lnnnovatlon.stanford.edu/ 

For further Information contact: 
bIodesIgn~nford.edu 
Til: 650 736 1160 
Fa: 650 724 8696 

Stanlord University Blodesl,n Procram, James H. Clark Center, 318 CllllptlS Drive , Rm. ElOO, 
Stll1ford, CA 9"~5428 

D1E~Wi READ UCSD 
Mondays eft. Thursdays 



8NEWS 

Parking Services Offers $4 
Discount for East Lot Permits 
• PARKING, from page 1 
that is available to tudents willing to 
park only in the East and Regents lots 
on campus. 

The discount is only about $4 
off the monthly permit price of $59. 
D'Autremont said that the new permit 
would move 1,000 cars from the west 
side of campus to the ea t side. In 
addition to dis-
counted parking 

before the year is out, according to the 
PTS Web site. 

Also, public transit on and around 
campus expanded greatly over the 
summer. Bus routes from campus now 
range twice as far as they did last 
year, and there is talk of extending 
routes into North County, according 
to D'Autremont. 

The response 
by students to these 

passes, PT ha 
introd uced a 
variety of option 
for students who 
do nor have cars 
of their own. 
UCSD is the fi rst 
UC campus to 
have a Flex Car 
program, which 
allows 18- to 21-
year-old student 
to rent cars and 

We have seen over 
ISO [regular] pennits 
change to rideshare 

[pennits] :' 

changes in pUblic 
transportation have 
been very positive, 
D'Autremont said. 

"[Taking the 
bus] doesn't take as 
much lime as driv-
ing by the time you 
have to fmd park-
ing and get through 
traffic," Thurgood 
Marshall College 
senior Diana FerreU 

- Brian D' Autremonl, 
Director, UCSD Parking and 

Transportation Services 

pay hou rly instead of daily rates. 
The program is still in its trial peri -

od, with a tOlal of 10 cars ava ilable to 
tudents, according to D'Autremont. 

In order 10 conserve space on cam-
pus, PTS has also increased efforts 
to promote the use of carpoo) and 
vanpool passes, D'Autremont said. The 
pa cs, which allow drivers to use spe-
cialized parking spaces on campus, 
have proven to be very popular. 

"We have seen over 150 [regularl 
permits change to rideshare [permits I;' 
he said. 

PTS hopes for 1,000 people to turn 
in their ind ividual parking permits 

• Orthodontics 
• Clear and "RemCMIble" Braces 
• Lingual (behind the teeth) 
• General and Cosmetic Dentistry 

Straight teeth in 2 weeks with veneers 
• Oral Surgery & Implants 
• TMJ Dysfu[1ction 

said. "You are pretty much guaranteed 
to be on time for clas :' 

Accord ing to D'A ut remont, PTS 
is tryi ng to come up with al terna-
t ives to individual passes in order 
to make parking on campu s more 
affordable. 

However, he aid that ri ing per-
mit prices are used to pay 140 stu-
dent employees and to construct new 
parking structures such as the one 
near RlMAC Arena due to open next 
August. 

Readers can contact Stephanie Simpson 
at sksimpso@ucsd.edu. 

""' also offer 

invisalign 
Strolght tooth. no br.Ktsi 

~ .. ,um: I-HOUR IN-OFFICE 
TEETH WHITENING 

Invlsilign 
h,sawarded 
Or. George 

Georga~ls 
fOf his 
expertise 
and has 
ranked him 
amongtn! 

top S~ln 
the nation with valid student 10 .5550.001 

Call today for )<lur FREE orthodontic 
consultauon and learn about the lalest techniques. 

Dental Associates of La Jolla 8581552·8620 
Ml:MBER OF THE AMERICAN OfmlOOONTIC SOCIEtY. ADA. COlo A."'IDSDCDS 

4510 f.xcculiYe Drive, Suite 106 (near Uniytrsity Towne Cc.nlrc:) 
www.drgeorgedds.com 

Celebrating 26 Years of Satisfied I'atien" 

Tl;iE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

Constitution Revamp Awaits Council Approval 
• CONSTITUTION, from page 1 
30 years, had presented the first 
proposal to the council and two 
of six college councils as of press 
time. The reaction has been mixed, 
Khanna said, but added that several 
council members see the need for 
chahge. 

"The current I structure I was 
created with a slow, inefficient 
government in mind;' John Muir 
College Senior Senator Matth ew 
Bright said during Khanna' first 
formal presentation of the docu-
ment to the council. 

Khanna admitted that the larg-
est obstacle will be convinci ng col-
lege senators to approve his plan, 
because it would largely downsize 
the power given t9 college coun-
ci ls. 

Some senators have already 
protested Khanna's departure from 
the original college-based system, 
which grants voting power to 24 
college senators. The new plan adds 
five voting representatives from 
each academic division - biologi-
cal sciences, physical sciences, arts 
and humanities, social sciences and 
engineering - while halvi'lg the 
number of voting senators. 

" I really do feel that the creation 
of major-oriented senators would 
contribute to disunity among the 
colleges;' Muir Sophomore Senator 
Meghan Clair said . 

Clair al so questioned placing 
added emphasis on the campus' 
"academic environment," which 
she said is already dominant on 
campus. However, other council-
members found that the six-college 

system had little practical use in 
student government. 

" I was the Muir College senior 
senator last year, but most of my 
work went to benefit all students 
at every college;' Vice President 
Finance Conrad Ohashi stated in 
an e-mail. "If senators really did 
only care about their constituents, 
nothing substantial would ever get 
done on this campus." 

With added weight to campus-
wide officials in lieu of college rep-
resentatives, the task force said it 
hoped to adapt to students' inter-
ests that lie away from their respec-
tive colleges. 

"I see and understand [that I the 
changes ... undermine the impor-
tance of the college system;' ReveIJe 
College Chair and task fo.rce mem-
ber Emil Achmad said. "But I also 
see the overall goal that the restruc-
turing is trying to achieve:' 

Even though the new system 
would downsize college represen-
tation, Khanna and the task force 
said that some sort of academic 
representation is important to the 
new structure. 

' With these senator pOSitions, 
students who pl ace a high value 
on academics, and feel paSSionately 

- about the issues facing their aca-
demic department or diviSion, can 
run on those issues:' the task force 
stated in it s first constitution draft. 

Also under the proposed struc-
ture, the number of elected cam-
puswide officers would be cut from 
11 to four. Traditionally elected 
commissioners would be convert-
ed to several vice president posi-

tions, which would be appointed 
by the four elected officials under 
Khanna's plan. Consolidation is key 
to running an efficient government, 
Khanna said, specifically by substi-
tuting elected officers for "techno-
cratic" officials with expertise in 
particular fields . 

While the modification would 
also decrease the number of repre-
sentatives students could vote into 
office, Ohashi stated that the nature 
of elections, based on party "slates." 
can stop potentially worthy candi-
dates from running. 

"This change allows the peo-
ple who want to work, but not 
necessarily run an election, have a 
shot in actually making phenom-
enal changes to the student body;' 
Ohashi stated. 

Last year, discrepancie between 
two council documents launched 
members into an argument over 
technicalities during the campus 
Student-Run Televi ion scandal. 
After an emergency meeting last 
fall , in which the council voted to 
censor sexual content from the sta-
tion, some official s contested the 
meeting's validity. The argument 
hinged on which officer had the 
power to call impromptu meetings 
- the council's constitution and 
bylaws granted the power to two. 
different officers. 

"Our rules now are full of incon-
sistencies," Khanna said. "It's high 
time someone did something about 
it:' 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal .net. 

9 
CONTACT TIlE EDITOR 

Sirnolu Wilson 
hiatus@ucsdguardian,org hiatus 

a rts/e nterta i n ment 
--- . THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12,2006 

('10 THE BEST SONGS • SS IN HIATUS di THIS WEEK lties 
MI!lah P. Hinson WoH E,es 
• 'She Don't 0Nn Me" • "The Driller" 
• ' Seems Almost Impossible' • ' leper War" 

Near-survivors of the new millenium s garage-r.ock revival take a stab at college rests 

By Mehrdad Yazdani 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

If you don't remember British Columbian ex-superstars Hot Hot Heat from this century's 
commencing upsurge of interest 
in dance-oriented garage rock, I 
apologize for having to remind 
you - bUI such is my duty as your 
pop-music whore. 

In the early 2000s, suited-up, 
gritty old-fashioned rock 'n' roll 
bands like the Vines, the Hives and 
the Strokes started topping main-
stream pop charts. Already, though, 
the laws of sudden popUlarity have 
taken their toll on the rusty garage 
rockers - an increasingly rouge 
wave of sparkling-dean synth -pop 

from the Killers and other such 
trash has pushed the movement 
aside, and only the Strokes stiU 
manage to limp on . 

Hot Hot Heat were certainly not 
among the best of the decade's fresh 
new rockers, but compensated by 
trying to ·be a little edgier. They 
were influenced more by bands like 
the Dismemberment Plan and Q 
and Not U than garage revivalist 
favorites Nirvana or' the Rolling 
Stones that were so vehemently 
advocated by the rest. 

After a 2001 deal with Sub Pop 
and by touring with mentors the 
Dismemberment Plan and opening 
for the Walkmen, Hot Hot Heat had 
gained a growing buzz by the time 
they released their first EP in 2002, 
titled Knock Knock Knock. The 
material was decent - much more 
musically inspired and tighter in its 
synthesized frenzy than their blare 

would become. Knock Knock Knock 
adapted the post-dance-punk the 
Dismemberment Plan had crafted 
so well and fed it enthusiastcally to 
an emo-hungry world still excited 
by the potential of the genre. 

Hot Hot Heat's debut record, 
Make Up the Breakdown, pro-
pelled them to must-listen status 
amongst corporate radio enthusi-
asts and provided a hip alternative 
for K-Mart shoppers browsing the 
"New Release- section. It also did 
away with any unpolished charm 
the band might have clung to 
before - though this rock purist 
doesn't understand why far superi-
or bands like the Dismemberment 
Plan and Q and Not U were not 
favored over the mediocre imper-
sonation Hot Hot Heat had to 
offer. It's the popularization of 
dumbed-down, undistinguished 
erno rock like theirs that unfairly 

connotates the genre with talent-
less wailing and distracts from its 
stronger points. 

The inevitable short attention 
span of pop culture caught up 
with our bouncy little medioc-
rities with the release of 2005's 
E!evator. Garage rock became an 
outdated fad and that K-Mart 
browser didn't care about "indie-
dance punk anymore (bring on 
bad '80s synth-pop instead!). It 
didn't help that Eltvator reduced 
any sort of dirty punk into hosed -
down, barely catchy predictability. 
The cliched rock asshole critic 
who never really cared in the first 
place found new and far worse 
bands to rip apart, stranding bor-
ing has-beens like Hot Hot Heat 
somewhere out in no-man's land. 

But they're still a radio-friendly 
act with a name students will rec-
ognize, and therefore apparently 

worthy of the thousands of dollars 
more they will cost than 20 (better) 
unknowns combined. Really quite 
sad, if you ask me. 

The good news is that Steve 
Bays, Hot Hot Heat's lead singerl 
keyboardist, has a knee-wobbling, 
aphro-shaking stage presence that 
out-characters the formulaic bland -
ness of most of the band's material . 
He bangs on his keys just like the 
best of the desperate pop-punkers 
and fights through the worst of the 
Elevator music. 

Hot Hot Heat's live show should 
be decent - after all, when your 
music sort of sucks, the only thing 
you have left to do is jump around 
like a monkey and yelp across the 
stage to entertain some college 
students trapped on campus on a 
Friday ni~t. 

Boss Ditties: "Le Le Low: "Talk 
to Me, Dance With Me" 

One more MySpace 
success story brings its 

whiny pity party to UCSD 
By CluJrles Nguyen 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

'

his six-man team, which boldly 
declares "we put the ' f' in funk-
on their Web site, are yet another 

version ofthis generation's long-haired, 
Vans-wearing, lip-studded rockers. 

Lynwood, Wash., tumble into pitfalls 
common to MySpace bands: singing 
out of key, uneven instrumentals and 
low-budget productions. 

A year after Danger recorded its 
first EP, The Difference Between Love 
and Envy, the band added keyboards 
as another dimension. But it turned 
out to be just ano~her addition that 
crashes with their already dissonant 
sound. 

And while the band cites "jazz band, 
Michael Jackson, Justin Timberlake, 
the oh-so-amazing '80s and everything 
from old-school Stevie Wonder funk 
to Claude Debussy and his amazing 
French symphonic compOSitions- as 
their inspiration. aU I hear are their 
whiny vocals_ This staple of emo-punk-
era, since the cawing of Chris Carrabba, 
is a small obstacle - concentrate on the 
funk faintly reminiscent of Rick James 
in such tracks as "Party Foul" But more 
often than not, the small-timers from 

By Danger's sophomoric attempt, 
the band still lacked a catchy rhythm 
and lead section. In fact, they are pretty 
much lacking in many musical areas, 
and get lost in a jumbled cacophony 
where no single feature stands out. 

Even given their shortfalls, there is 
still a set of drums, so you'll see me bob-
bing my head anyhow come FalLFest. 

Boss Ditty: "Party Foul" 



10 HIATUS 
I I •• 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Use the ' 
buddy system. 
Introd uce a friend 
to the new Club Med. 

new look I feel I taste 
use dining dollars or tritonplus for fast, easy service! 

. hds.ucsd.edu/clubmed 

What's goin' on? See the UCSD Campus Calendar, Mondays in the Guardian. 

N W 2007 CHEVY AVEO With 31 E'PA estimated highway MPG: A standard IPodt Input jack. And room to I8It 
five comfortably. The Chevy'" Aveo·lS Sedan Is one surprisingly big car. And now, Aveo Is backed by the .100,000 
miistS-year Powertraln Umlted Warranty:' Starting at Just S12,515.tt IT as shown $14,125!t Go big at chev"~.com 

• • ," 1 , I. ,. I, • , • 
• t •••• I I ,. , 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

rA IUU • .I: .. «Ov---C\,U I U1I154i 
Micah P. Hinson 
• Micah P. Hinson and tile Opera Circuit 
SK£TCHBOOK 

**** 

Before lis-tening to Micah P. 
Hinson's second 
record, I kept 
hearing that he 

\1 
recorded it whjle recovering from a 
bizarre back injury. It's everywhere: on 
the front page of his Web site, strewn 
across blogs, on press releases and 
shouted from rooftops. My knee-jerk 
reaction to gimmkks left me cautious 
about the record's musical content. 

J quickly realized that this appre-
hension was unnecessary. Musical 
landscapes crafted by strings and 
Micah's rich voice lay the foundation 
for an album that reveals intimate 
moments of folk juxtaposed with lush 
pop arrangements. 

With respect to its more uplifting 
moments, Micah P. and the Opera 
Circuit is in no way a pop record 
- it is spatial and surreal, with string 
arrangements over simple underly-
ing folk structures. Each track drifts 
into the next while still remaining 
Singular, telling a separate and unique 
story. On the klezmer-tinged "Diggin' 
a Grave:' Hinson tells us that he is 
"Digging a grave in the moonlight:' 
Then, the strings of "Drift off to 
Slec;P" bring us out of that grave, 
or at least the empirical world, and 
closer to the stars and sky. From 
there, Hinson pulls the listener back 
to Earth with the electric guitars and 
loud brass of "Letter to Huntsville." 

Hinson's push-pull formula is 
reminiscent of Wilco's Yankee Hotel 
Foxtrot in that folk is merely a start-
ing point. His only fallacy lies in a 
predictable bed of lyrics - where 
Jeff Tweedy (of Wilco) chose the 
abstract and poetic, Hinston chooses 
the familiar words of his many prede-
cessors. Appeals to emotion, love and 
self-doubt flll the album, making it as 
lyrically predictable as it is musically 
unique. 

Wolf Eyes 
• Human Animal 
SUB POP 

**~ 
The second full -length release from 
Wolf Eyes on 
major label Sub 
Pop, Human 

- }t:sst: Kivd 
STAFF WRITER 

Animal, is a raruo-fri: ndly depiction 
of the group's musical wanderings 
since its first album, Burned Mind. 
The fact that Wolf Eyes, one of lhe 
harshest bands in the esoteric genre 
of American noise, signed to Sub Pop 
(of Nirvana fame) shocked the noise 
commuruty at large. Could the general 
public really accept music's elevation 
to the dissonant abstraction of noise~ 
When the Black Dice started to receive 
critical praise and the Hair Police were 
booked for the 2004 Lollapalooza 
music festival, it seemed that the world 
could be ready. 

Or maybe not. While Black Dice 
kept up the critically acclaimed work, 
Lollapalooza was canceled along with 
Hair Police's lS-minute set. Wolf Eyes 
has kept busy with tours and col-
laborations, like with free jazz giant 
Anthony Braxton, but has avoided 
releasing anything new. 

Now, two years after, Wolf Eyes 
offers Human Animal. Let's just say 
Braxton's influence didn't rub off 
enough - Wolf Eyes Simply reuses 
the same dualistic counter-plays pol-
ished on Burned Mind. Even more 
heartbreaking is that some songs 
contain elements that can possibly 
be labeled "melodic.- The apple hu 
fallen far from the tree, indeed. 

- Mt:h,dad Yfltdani 
SEN'OR STAFF WRITER J 

. . 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 11 

I v. Ott. 12. J o..m. 
tlUmey From the Fallw 

his meticulous, painful mm directed by Sundance-lauded, Vietnamese-American 
fUmmaker Ham Tran follows the Fall of Saigon and the fate of a Family divided by poli-
tiel. With his family in exodus to America. Long Nguyen - a father, husband and son -
decides to stay and fight for his country. After a series of torturous experiences, Nguyen 
COD\es to believe his family is dead and spirals into utter despair. But when news comes to 
1dII1 that his family is alive in America, he sets in motion a dangerous plan to escape. The 

surges on from there, enthralling in its reawakening and re-exploration of Vietnam 
memories, this time from a Vietnamese perspective. 

ftldIY, OCt. 13. 8 p.m. 
"'IIowflshw 

Not a mm, but a party - SDAFF 2006 gets the party going with their inaugural music 
aDd video showcase. South Asian, multilingual hip-hop artist Karmacy meets East Coast 
polemic duo Koba & DJ Boo. perforrrung to projections of top music videos including Black 
Eyed Peas, Far E~t Movement, Thai, Karmacy and M.I.A. 

1It ... 1II1J. Oct. 14. 12:a lUll 
"Otlnese Restaurants: latin Passionsw 

The story of the great Chinese diaspora told through its most recognizable icon: the 
family-run Chinese restaurant. Documenting the lives and passions of Chinese imrffi-
srants across Latin America. director Cheuk Kwan visits Peru, Argentina and Brazil to flJld 
Chinese expatriots engaging in the art of tango, cooking and soccer. 

laday. ttt. 15. 6:45 am. 
'"Musk Video Program (MVP)" 

If you didn't get enough of Friday night's assault with "Blowfish; SDAFF hosts a 
Sunday rught of even more music videos led by underground Asian-American hip-hop 
and indie talent. Featuring "hiphoppunkfunkmamboska," spoken word poetry. exorcisms 
and of course sex and bling, MVP offers up videos from Deerhoof, Dengue Fever, Kray 
1'winz, +1-, [nvid, Jane Lui and oh so much more. 

"db, Oct 18, 311.1D. 
"'list Atomic Bomb" 

Properly named the Japanese holocaust. the nuclear bombing of Nagasw at the end 
of World War II left devastating effects on the lives of ordinary Japanese citizens. The 
documentary traces the life work of survivor Sakue Shimohira, now 70 years old, and 
her efforts to provoke discourse among Japanese students to spread the message of the 
Wlviable politics of nuclear destruction. 

lHSllav. eCt. 11,1:45 PJIL 
"be Ir die Fire Horsew 

The Chinese-Canadian experience in the 1970s - perhaps not perfectly chronicled by 
Amy Tan, but similar in tone. Directed by Julie Kwan. this fIlm glides a wild, confusing and 
emotional ride through playground racists, Catholic school and stretchy polyester to tell the 
caning-of-age story of the complications between a traditional Chinese home and modern 
.u.rsions, and between Christian sainthood and Buddhist heritage. 

WetlHsdIV. act. 18. J lUll 
"allmation: The Illusion of life" 

Asian animation has often derugrated itsdf to manga and anime, but SDAFF's short anima-
". program attempts to prove that when it comes to fabricating characters from scntch, there's 
IDIII'C than just the big-breasted, lean-thighed Barbie dolls pushed by manga artists. Feature films 
lllldude "Fumi and the Bad Luck Foot,- a tale of female empowerment via wild moose attack and 
lllfant electrocution; "Gorilla." where gorilla meets baby; "Pinpoint,. a horror story of a girl who 
tlllnlggl.es to survive in an orphanage where caretak.:rs slip poison and "The Sunsbine," where a 

sacrifices himself fur a young girl after he finds her starving to death. With such lunatic 
and props. who would resist? 

v, Oct 11, 7:05 • .m. 
ays - Sunset on Third Street" 

was possible in late 1950s Japan: 
was over, the destruction was cleared 

the men came home. A period piece about 
decisions made in the best of times (find-
a job in an alien city. adopting a bartend-
child while drunk and inviting a stranger 

the film is a gorgeous rendition of 
as most Americans never knew. Winner 
of/apan's 14 Academy Awards (including 

Picture, Best Director, Best Sc~play 
Best Actor), tms film requires tissues. 

scre'enil~K locations, ticket prices and more 
4bout the San Diego Asian Film 

visit www.sdaff.org. 

r 
I 

~------------------------------~----[XP'RE S 10121106 DO NOT DDUBl E COUPON 
RetUor. WhoIeIIome & Hearty Foods Co. IOIlI reimtma the 
10 nlUII pnce plus 8, haalllIIIl only when Igemed byJoo 
from a 0IIf1SIII1lef at 01 II1e purchase on brm specified 
Aeprodoction of Ihis ~ Is ~ 1I!\IIlitlit1ll. Mr 
odler use cnIIIut8s 1raucI. 1'1001 of sufficient stoct musl be 
fill1llllled lII1Dn request. Coolumer most pay sales t!l. Valid 
only in \!Ie U.S.A. Mel to: eMS 011\>'1 Ml)59, WIloIe8ome & 
HeaIty FOOCbCo.,l FM:tIt ome, Del RoO, TX 78840. Co:;h 
¥a\ue .001&. Void vhIe tued Dr restricted. LIMIT ONE 
COUPON PER CUSTOMER. 

0'120], 

lll,1l. 
~---------------------------------------..1 

TI 
Buy ONE GET ONE FRE E * 
-LASER HAIR REMOVAL 
-M ICRODERMABRAS ION 
-IPL 
~CELLULITE TREATMENT 
-Be MORE 

"excludes Botox and Restylene I 
2020 CAMINO DEL RIO N, STE 202, SAN DIEGO, CA 8".-294-8483 

www.tlmalasslasarclinic .com 

Above Cal Copy, across from EI Torlto and Rock BoHom 
------------,------------, 

: ~ BUVSfor' ..,..,5 I 
l or ' only 1 illS , 
I PIN .. pmontucso $ 95 .. : Including Myllic and Ultra: 
I 10. flII>. 1115106 See solon for dNlls. Exp. 1115106 ~ ____________ L_~ _________ J 

IIJIIII . \MMttD I , 
1",=$ .. MDMnIlY I ' FREE ' 
I- 'WW(G 11uy1Gct1 1 
1 1 , 

Seesolonlordetoils. 1 Arsttimecustomersonly.Exp. 1 
I Exp. 11/5106 11/5106 .------------~-----------~ 

I'II.L THIS SPACB 
with a TBUBSDAY COUPONI 

Call 888-83.-3487 



12 HIATUS T HE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

'Zorro in Hell': One Bi.g, Bad Political Joke 
By Oakley Anderson-Moore 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

"Nothing like a well-executed piece of agit-prop the-
ater;' Richard Montoya cried to the audience, wearing 
a Zorro mask, clinging to the side of the railing in the 
Potiker Theater. Agit-prop, defined as "an openly revo-
lutionary and agitational form of theater, concerned with 
the day-to-day issues of the class struggle," is one thing 
you will not be seeing at "Zorro in Hell" - no matter what 
the Sail Fra llc;scO Chrollicle tells you. 

Directed by Tony Taccone, Culture Clash's "Zorro in 
Hell" follows a Latino writer (Montoya) who comes upon 
a mystical old inn run by La Dona (Sharon Lockwood) 
and Don Ringo (Herbert Siguenza) while trying to find 
inspiration for an article he has begrudgingly been assigned 
on the "legend of Zorro:' After two hours of old "Zorro" 
TV episode projections, hip drug-induced montages and 
pop-culture references aplenty, the play ends with what the 
cast dubs a "call to action" - precisely when the formulaic 
stage-play supposedly becomes "agit-prop." 

Montoya runs into the audience, ordering everyone to 
put on their paper Zorro masks (page 10 of the program) 
and asking them to stand up to answer said call to action. 
Sure, okay, but what call? What action? What the heck 
were we even talking about - our douchebag governor? 
High oil prices? Fat little white kids wishing they were 
Zorro? The cliche "damn the Man" rhetoric, through all its 
spirit, never specifies what we are fighting for. 

"Zorro in Hell" functions as a series of one-line cracks 
behind a bunch of loosely 'related political pronounce-
ments. I mean, I hate Bush just as much as the next no-
war button -touting objector, but to just hear reference to 
homeland security in between sex jokes and a giant bear 
butt-raping the main character isn't enough to make this 
successful agit -prop. This critic left the theater with the 
vague notion of having wasted two hours of valuable 
Saturday night watching the overSimplified edition of 
the "Evening News with U2" regurgitate phrases from a 
Berkeley peace rally. The makers of"Zorro in Hell;' if they 
are indeed earnest about their roles as agitato rs, ought to 
go back to the drawing room and consider the following 
reasons th is stage play fails: 

I. It 's j us I not funny. The punch lines aren't sharp 
enough and the scenes are too slow; just because you have 
the freshness of mind to reference Tupac doesn't mean 
we'll be rolling in the aisles at your ingenuity. 

2. II really isn'l about anylh illg. Did they write down 
potential topics on a piece of paper, then at random 
moments in the play pull them out of their pockets and 
read them? It works for "Whose Line Is It Anyway," but 

RANDOM DANCE 

Octlhr 14 1 S.t., 8:00,. I 1 •• d"lII. ,.ditlril. 
Anoushka Shankar 
Shankar's musIC IS Joyously .spiritual. filled with reverence for trad ition , but propelling the 
sound or Indian Sitar Into the new millennium. Details at www.artpower.uesd.edu. 
ucso STUDENTS: 518/S16; UCSD STAFF/FACULTY: $32/$29. 

OCllhr 21 1 S.t" 8:00,111 I 1 •• dlYiIIl 'Idltlrll. 
Random Dance 
Choreographed by Wayne McGregor, Ataxia challenges the very fabric of collaboration by 
draWing on a team of experts from the diverse worlds of neuroscience, composition, 
psychology and deSign. Details atwww.artpower.ucsd.edu. UCSD STUDENTS: 517/S15; 
ucso STAFF/FACULTY: S31/$27. 

Octlhr 22 1 Sin., 2:00p.II •• d"lII. ,.dlterl •• 
Calder Quartet 
Named after the great American Visual artist Alexander Calder. The Calder Quartet 
continues to explore and push the boundaries of chamber music with a keen 
acumen for combining the best of the traditional and the avant.garde. Details at 
www.artpower.ucsd.edu . UCSD STUDENTS: 517/515; ucso STAff/FACULTY: 531/527. 

STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 
AVAILABLE! 

Courtesy of La Jolla Playhou se 
Culture Clash's "Zarro in flell" plays through Oct. 29 at La Jolla 
Playhouse in the Sheila and Hughes Poriker Theatre. 

if you're hoping to achieve any sort of potent social com-
mentary on California politics, it's just lazy. 

3. It is far, far removed from ils inlellded audience. The 
play is too oversimplified for real . activists, but not funny 
enough for the blockbuster aud ience. That leaves the typi-
cal La Jolla Playhouse patron, who can go home after the 
show to reminisce on the humor of the play's Latino jokes 
while they sit watching Jose cut the grass outside their $4-
million mansions on La Jolla Shores. 

This is perhaps all a bit unfair - not all LJP regulars 
live in mansions, and "Zorro in Hell" at least has an inter-
esting premi e. OccaSionally, the jokes even ring true:. The 
program's glossary defines Che Guevara as a revolutionary 
icon found on coffee mugs, T-shirts and caps. But hell, 
we're a generation raised on politically savvy comedic 
giants like Jon Stewart and Mel Brooks; we notice when 
the jokes are too easy and will not recognize something 
artless as art just because we agree with the politics. And if 
the jokes aren't funny, the work neither artistic nor agitat-
ing, then it is not agitational-propaganda theater - it is 
just propaganda: dull, forced and mind-deadening. 

"Zarro in Hell" leaves une feeling even more impo-
tent against political struggle than before, jaded by poor 
craftsmanship and a lack of inteUigent direction behind 
commentary on issues we want to do something about. 
Art should be brave, smart and strenuous to make, but 
effortless to affect - unfortunately, the three men behind 
Culture Clash succeed at none of the proposed effects of 
agit -prop theater. 

Octl~'r 27 1 Fri., 8:00,_1 CI,I" S,_,III., H.II 
David Sedaris ,1ICI. 20 SPRECIELS THEATRE 
With his brutal honesty and overflowing sardonic wit, David Sedaris may well be the 
closest th ing the 'i t~ra ry world has these days to a rock star. Details at www.artpower. uesd.edu. 
ucso STUDENTS: S2Ui) 17/S1 4; ueso STAFF /FACULTY: $36/$31/$25. 

ORDER TICKETS: 858.534.TIXS 
or at tim UCSD Box Office. Price Center Plaza 

11111 JP. Sill ... 
e •• '1 1.lnllll. I' III 'le •• '.ls •• r I.elll •• s, ••• 

II ••• IlIle., •• 11 •• I. Tle •• '.III.r,e •• , .~ 
lean elllr •• II •••••• I': 111-221-1.IJ ce:...rUinment 
• N" ., A. N ... N' fir .1,. .... ,.11 ..... h ............ n..... grou.,.. 

THURSDAY, O CTOBER 12, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

_.a, ... 
8iaAtap 

Baren.aked 
Ladies 

Tb.eB. L A. M 

HIATUS 13 



14 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

, , 

, . 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

Teammates to 
Battle at Blue 

and Gold Meet 
• SWIM, from page 20 
that the teams will shoot up the 
rankings with such a talented rookie 
class. 
. "We have our sights on winning 
the· conference and placing in the 
top two at nationals," she said. 

The women's side is made up of 
24 total swimmers and divers, 10 of 
them seniors. 

The teams' first action can be 
caught at the Canyonview Pool in 
the Blue and Gold Meet on Oct. 14. 

/' 

[Practices] are tOUgh, 
liut with men and 
women combined, 
there is an energy 

and intensity that is 
unmatched in any 

other sport." 
- Emily Starkie, 

Senior Women's Captain 

"The Blue and Gold Meet 
involves the captains from both the 
men and women selecting their own 
teams and scoring based on perfor-
mance ," McGihon said. 

Th meet will surely bring out 
the best in the Triton swimmers 
and divers, as 12 UCSD swimming 
records fell just last year. 

"You're going to see a high-qual -
ity program that's routinely pro -
duced Olympic trial qualifiers and 
NCAA Chiljllpions," McGihon said. 
"It should be exciting." 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

UCSD Can Claim CCAA South Title With Weekend Sweep 
• STREAK, from page 20 
the ball sailing to the back of the net 
for her fifth goal on the season. 

"I just happened to be in the right 
place at the right time;' said Sepulveda, 
who has scored quite consistently in 
recent games. 

After the first goal, however, the 
adrenaline seemed to rub off the 
Tritons and bounce back onto the 
Broncos, who evened out the score in 
the 37th minute. There was a scranl-
ble in front of the net and a Cal Poly 
Pomona player managed to get a foot 
on the ball and take a sllOt, which was 
blocked by sophomore goalkeeper 
Jessica McGovern, but the Bronco 
player followed through for a goal on 
the rebound. 

According to Sepulveda, the 
Tritons flank -style play has matched 
up well against Pomona's aggressive 
long-ball strategy. 

"Poly plays pretty physi cal," 
Sepulveda said. "They push before 
they even get the ball and kick it 
inside and up toward the goal hoping 
for a lucky break. They are what we 
like to call a 'kick it team: while we 
work to move the ball to the outside 
and bring it back to center in a cross. 
We know when to rush in and when 
to stay out:' 

After the halftime refresher, the 
Tritons put themselves back on their 
game and executed two qUick shots 
within 52 seconds of the second half, 
when Cochran flicked in a corner kick 
by junior midfielder Caitlyn Ryan to 
land just inside the far post. 

Borenstei n dealt the Broncos one 
final blow in the 51st minute, unleash-
ing a booming shot from 25 yards out, 
catching the Cal Poly Pomona goalie 
totally unprepared. 

"They got their heads down after 
the second goal and started yelling at 
each other and breaking down on their 
dribbling confidence, which is why we 
got the third so quickly;' Borenstein 
said. "Someone laid back the ball on 
a throw in and the defender wasn't 

putting much pressure on me, so I just 
went for it and made the shot:' 

The shot was very surprising to 
many Triton players. who had rushed 
in for what they thought was going to 
be a cross. When Borenstein went in 
too deep, it seemed that the opportu-
nity had passed, but she had her own 
agenda in mind. 

"I was confused at first, but once it 
went in, we said, 'Hey! We'll take it:" 
Sepulveda said. 

The UCSD defense held a tight 
man-on-man defense for the remain-
der of the game to secure the win, 
fmishing with a 14-10 advantage in 
shots, including a 9-1 margin in the 
second half alone. 

With six wins under their belt, the 
Tritons went on to tackle the seventh 
two days later against Cal State San 
Bernardino and successfully overtook 
the Coyotes in an almost too breezy 
5-0 shutout to improve their overall 
record to 12-1-2 and 9-1-2 in league 
action. 

While fifth-ranked UCSD pushed 
their win streak to seven, this magic 
number is less lucky for the Coyotes, 
as UCSD was the seventh team to shut 
them out this season. 

Though the Tritons had rea-
son to take the match lightly, they 
remained driven and determined 
during the game beacause of their 
desire to win their remaining games 
and take hold of the opportunity to 
host the CCAA playoffs. 

Junior midfielder Ali Lai exe-
cuted the first point for the Tritons 
in the ninth minute of the game on 
a corner kick by senior midfielder 
Heather Sugg. Lai was waiting two 
yards off the goal line and redirected 
the ball to pop it into the low right 
corner of the net. 

"After we got two goals on them, 
their drive and fight for the ball just 
continued to fall ," Lai said. 
. The Tritons, however, remained 
unsympathetic and refused to leave 
any gaps in scoring during the sec-

ARASH KESHMIRIANIGUARDI~N 
Withfour regular-season matches remaining ancl a 12-1-2 overall record, the Tritons are 
only two wins away from hosting the California Collegiate AthleticAssociation plagoffs. 
ond half to allow the Coyotes time try of her team . 
to recover. "We continue to learn more 

The second goal came in sec- about each other ... who has a nice 
ond minute from senior midfielder touch, who can get it across the field 
Kelly Cochran . Six minutes later, the fastest and just getting a better 
Borenstein added a third goal on read on what each of us are think-
the game. ing and focusing on during a game," 

The Tritons pushed out another she said. 
quick point by Cochran, and a solid With just four games remaining 
fmishing goal by senior midfielder on the season, the Tritons hope to 
Meghan Dickey, who ended the con·tinue their winning streak as 
scoring and the game in the S3rd they return to UCSD for thei r fi nal 
minute. homestand. They will square off 

"With each win , we get more against Cal State Los Angeles on 
excited about our progression and Oct. I3 and Cal State Bakersfield. 
pumped for our potential in [the] which they tied 2-2 previously in the 
playoffs:' Lai said. season, on Oct. 15. With two wins at 

Lai added that she has recog- home, UCSD would secure a spot as 
oized a lot of growth in the chemis- host for the CCAA playoffs. 



16 CLASSIFIEDS 

IF YOU LIST IT 
THEY WilL COME 

'" 
. , 

li 
IHE~~Lk\R!MN ClASS I FIEDS 

EVENTS 
ueSD Sports Weekend! Fri ., Oct. 13, 
Men's Soccer vs. Cal State L.A., 4:30pm; 
the Women's team also takes on Cal 
State L.A at 7pm, Triton Soccer Field; 
Sat., Oct. 14, the Blue-Gold Swimming 
& Diving Meet, I I am at Canyonview 
Pool; Sun., Oct. IS, Women's Soccer 
vs. Cal State, Bakersfield, I pm; the 
Men's Soccer team plays Cal State 
Bakersfield at 3:30pm at the Triton 
Soccer Field. (10/12) 

UCSD Open House is coming. Saturdlly, 
October 21st. Go to openhouse.ucsd. 
edu (10/19) • 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SEEN ON RlEIIS AROUND lifE PRiCE e1ll: A 
meeting on a kayak with Pre Dental 
students in a drum circle. Or some-
thing like that. We'd like to give 
you more info but ... THEY DIDN'T 
COUGH UP THE $5 TO PUT IT IN THE 
GUARDIAN! Come on Flier Brigade, 
we'll even match your investment by 
adding a free date. 20,000 Guardians 
a week, both in print and on line can't 
be wrong. (10112) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guardian reserves the right to classify, edit. delete offensive words and pharses. 
and/or refuse any and all advenlsemenlS without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Glld,diG" liable for any claims reSUlting from the publication of the advenlsement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advenlser and the consumer. 

Copy should be reviewed by the adveni,er for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular Issue, all errors mu,t be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit wlli only be 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. There are no refunds for cancellations_ 

Pl ...... nd all correspondell(. 'egardlng CI ... ifleds to: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn: Cla .. ifleds, 9500 Gilman Drive '0316, u Jon •• CA 92093. 
Act ... lle><ation: Stud.nt C.nt.r A, Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
ADRates 

Students: 55 per 20 .... 
Faculty & Staff: 57 per )0 .... 

All others: 510 per 20 ~. 
Advance payment is requ ired 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

S20.oo per column inch 
Deadlines: 

PubiUlllOn Date o.splay Ads 
Monday ~ Thurs. 
Th...wy ~ Mon. 

LmeAds 
1 pm Thun. 
1 pm Mon. 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

or just call us @ 858 534-3466. Gitter 
done. (10/26) 

EMPLOYMENT 
MYSTIRY SHoP PE lIS. Earn upto $ ISO/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover 
shoppers needed to judge retail and 
dining establishments. Call 800-722-
4791. (11/30) 

Attorney Aide: Disabled female 
attorney needs part time assistance 
(Monday, Wednesday, Friday) to assist 
at office. Hours are 8:15 am to 7:00 
pm (plus additional overtime). Duties 
include typing filing, word processing. 
occasional bookkeeping, assistance 
at court. good grammar and punc-
tuation skills, knowledge of Microsoft 
Office, good handwriting and the abil-
ity to stand for long periods of time. 
Requires the ability to drive a van 
with an automatic transmission. Must 
have good driving record. Candidates 
must pass a grammar, spelling. punc-
tuation and typing test plus a back-
ground check. Please send resume 
to: Human Resources, DlA Piper US 
LLP, 401 B. Street, Suite #1700, San 
Diego, CA 92101 oremail to maureen. 
walker@dlapiper.com (10/26) 

Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive 
brand new cars with ads placed on 
them. www.DriveAdCars.com (11/30) 

4:15 pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Part 
Time: Minimum of 2 days on either 
Lunch or Dinner. (11/2) 

FOR RENT 
Condo For Rent. $1,400. PETS OKAY. 
1 bed/l bath. Close to UCSD. Pools, 

Wanted, in home piano teacher for 3 parking, upgrades, washer/dryer. Call 
children. Home is located in Scipps Kristin 858-373-7656. (10119) 
Ranch. Please call if qualified and 
interested. 858-693-4063. (10/19) 

Teach fun Afterschool Enrichment 
Programs weekday afternoons. $20-
30 per one hour class. Apply online. 
www.madscience.org/sandiego or 
call 858-505-4880. (11/6) 

Part-time nanny needed for newborn 
twins and 3 yr. old. Tu/ i h mornings 

Why Rent? BUY a condo, RENT the xtra 
rooms to students and GET RICH. Call 
for FREE INFO. Kristin 858-373-7656. 
(10/19) 

$450 Rm. for rent in 4bd, 2-1/2 bath 
condo. Walk to . UCSD, WID, pool, 
parking. Michelle lin 858-483-8647. 
(10112) 

FOR SALE 
and MWF morning hours as available. Futon Sofa bed only $259: Home 
Carmel Valley. 858-703-4251. (10/16) furniture & home decor for sale. 

Part-time after school childcare for 12 
Everything 50-70% OFF retail. 
EverythingHomeDiscount.com. 858-

& 14 years old boys; MonlTues/Wed 271-8068. (10/30) 
ftom 2:30-5:30pm. Carmel Valley, 858- -------------
775-0251. (10/16) 

ROOMMATES 
Need a Roommate? Check out San 
Diego's own 5DRoomie.com. Free to 
Post! (11/2) 

Condo. 1 bedroom w/ loft. Loft makes 
great 2nd bedroom or office. la Jolla 
Colony, near UCSD. Upgraded! Granite 
counters, travertine tile, view~, vault-
ed ceilings. From $280K to 5315,876. 
Call Yvonne 619-838-8419. PRU. CA. 
Realty. See www.gethomes.bizfor pic-
tures. (10/19) 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. 2006 

WANTED 
l~JEWISH ASHKENAZI 
EGG DONOR NEEDED 

We are seeking women who have 
blue-green eyes, are under the age of 

29, SAT 1300+. physically fit and 
maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 

If you have a desire to help an infertile 
family and would like more information 

please contact us. 

$20,001 (PLUS ALL OPENSU) 
Email: darleM4Paperfectmatch.com 

1-800-264-8828 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDED! 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

COMPEIISATIOI $8,000 
Call Reproductive Soilitiois 

nowI11·13Z·14M 

EGG DONORS NEEDED 
$10,000 (PLUSALL EXPENSES) 
We are seeking women who are 

attractive, under the age of 29. SAT 
i 300+ (math+verbal), physically fit 
and maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 

If you have a desire to help an 
infertile family and would like more 

information please contact us. 
Email: darlen ••• perfKtm.tch.com 

www.AperfKtmatch.com 
1-800-264-8828 

Volunteers paid $4S for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21 -26, call 
858-552-8585 x5590. (11 /30) 

Wanted: Motivated students to 
assist National Honor Society in 
registering and acting as local offi-
cers. 3.0 GPA required. Contact: 
director@phisigmatheta.org. (10/16) 

We are two professional local writ-
ers, starting a writer's group. Looking 
for others working on book-length 

The Guardian won't rip down your fly-
ers! Do you have something to tell 
UCSD? You don't need to plaster flyers 
all oVfor the Price Center and watch 
them get torn down or covered over 
in minutes. Dig deep and cough up 
the 5 bucks and let the Guardian clas-
sifieds do all the work. That's 20,000 of 
your damn flyers in one week! That's 
right baby, both in the paper and on 
line at IJcsdguardian.org. Pay for 2 
issues and we'll match with 2 more 
until October 30, 2006. Check ucs-
dguardian.org for easy instructions 

MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 
Restaurant in Del Mar is looking for 
a part time waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 
am to 2:30 Mon thru Fri.; For Dinner: 

ACROSS 
1 Accident 
7 Keeps in existence CROSSWORD 

NOTICE OF PUBLIC SCOPING MEETING 
DRAFT ENVIRONEMTNAL IMPACT REPORT 

UNIVERSITY HOUSE MEETING CENTER 
AND CHANCEUOR RESIDENCE 

The University of California proposes to replace the existing University House 
facil ity at UC San Diego. The project is located at 9630 La Jolla Farms Road 
in the community of La Jolla, California. University House serves as the 
designated residence of the UCSD Chancellor and provides an important 
venue for academic, social and community outreach events and meetings in 
support of the campus mission and to strengthen the University's relation-
ships with the Greater San Diego community. The site encompasses approxi-
mately 7-acres and is bounded by La Jolla Farms Road to the north, an open 
space knows as Black's Canyon to the south, and residential uses to the 
west and east. 
On October 4, 2004 a Notice of Preparation (NOP) of a Draft Environmental 
Impact Report (EIR) was publicly noticed and distributed. (Copies of the 
NOP may be viewed at http://physicalplanning.ucsd.edu/pub_notlce.html 
or by contacting the UCSD PhYSical Planning Office at 858-534-6515.) The 
project may result in significant environmental impacts. 
Therefore, based on the potential for impacts, UCSO Is preparing and EIR and 
is holding an EIR scoping meeting open to the public on: 
TUMdIIy, No'IemIIef 18, .t 8 p.m, In UnIverItty Center, Admlllllbltlw 
CompIe., 1uI1dInI111A. Enter the campus using Gilman Drive. Turn left at 
Myers Drive to metered on-street parking (additional metered parking 
available at the Gilman Drive Parking Structure) . Proceed west to the Admin-
Istrative Complex, Building ll1A (within a complex of one story wood 
buildings). 
Information on the project will be presented at the scoping meeting. Written 
and oral statements from interested individuals and groups will be accepted 
at the scoplng meeting to Inform the content of the EIR. A Draft EIR IncO[Jll>-
rating public Input will then be prepared for public review and comment. 

15 Financial gain 
16 Progressing goalward 
17 One who makes amends 
18 Conjecturer 
19 Skin creams 
20 Pennitto 
21 Opera set in Egypt 
22 Dumbstruck state 
23 GeartOOlh 
25 Harbor craft 
27 Solder component 
28 Tierney and Autry 
30 Adage 
32 Long-tailed birds 
36 Defamation in print 
37 Great review . 
38 Laurel and Mikita 
40 Other 
41 Roundish shapes 
43 Unblemished 
45 More nervous 
47 Dropped the ball 
48 Tatter 
49 Place fa, surling 
51 Down in the dumps 
52 Wicked 
55 Top cards 
57 Bar bill 
59 Dairy product 
61 Successor of Tiberius 
63 Per _ (equally to each penon) 
64 Musical inleNals 
65 Beaver Stale 
66 States leaving the Union 
67 Guides 

DOWN 
1 Mazda model 
2 Being dragged 
3 Doughy pastry 
4 Useaw~ 
5 Punishes with arbilr.lry penalties 
6 Assumed Identities 
7 Earth 
8 Not fulfilled 
9 Social position 
10 Label 
11 "0 don fatale" or "Vissi darte: 

e.g. 
12 like tinder 
13 Privation 

14 Stifles 
24 Fell~ 
26 Guy' 5 date 
28 Some Isle of Man residem 
29 Situation 
31 Concede 
32 Draws out 
33 Be cautious! 
34 Of the go.peIs 
35 Growl 
39 Med;terraneiln winds 
42 Stitch together 
44 Deadpan comic 80b 
46 Adjust piano again 

50 
52 
53 
54 
56 
58 
60 
62 

Harvest machine 
Light grayish brown 
Miry of 'The Mil_ Falcon" 
James and Dizzy 
Location 
Deepvofce 
Dueling twOrd 
Deity 

Find cnl55WOrd & SOlulloll5 at 
w_.ucsdgtUlrd'4n.orglcrossword 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12,2006 

projects. Published writers pre-
fem!d. Fiction or Nonfiction okay. 
If interested in joining respond to 
sally@sallyrichards.com. Writing sam-
ple will be requested. (10/16) 

I need a TV. Please call 858457-1866 
if you have one. Also, come to think of 
it, I need a water heater. (10/12) 

Econ l00A and 120A books? I need. 
I will even pay for them. Thanks, 858 
457-1866. (10/12) 

SERVICES 
TENNIS AT NOON. Certified Pro can 
work with you or your group at 
the Muir Courts. Call 619 787-5475. 
(10/30) 

Pregnant or know someone who is? 
You don't have to be alone. We want 
to help. Call our 24 hour confidential 
hotline at 1-8OQ-NO-A80RT or visit 

our website www.lifecall.org. (11/30) 

Are you experiencing headaches, neck 
pain or back pain from a sports injury 
or from sitting in front of the comput-
er? We can help! Call 858-558-3111 for 
a no charge chiropractic consultation. 
www.lajollaadc.com (10/19) 

Yoga at the Bay - outdoor yoga classes 
$5/c1ass. Reduce stress, increase flex-
ibility, calm mind before exams. www. 
yogaatthebay.com or call Sylvia (858) 
380-7507. (10/16) 

PERSONALS 
GuAIDIAN MoviE Quollsl Jill nailed the 
' Princess Bride" quote, so now she 
challenges you to name this flick: 
' You're the only olle who ever took 
me seriously, Pete.' Be the first to 
email mfoulks@ucsd.edu and win the 
title "TriviaMaster." (10/12) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Indiana Pacers star Stephen J~ckson 
may be suspended from the NBA 
for firing a gun outside a strip club. 
However, he has been invited to try-
out for the NFl's Cincinnati Bengals. 
(10112) 

Jobs, piua, enthralling news and 
new course offerings are daily fea-
tures within these hallowed Guardian 
pages. Make sure to leave this issue 
out for the roomies or, drape it over 
that metal bar in the bathroom stall. 
The gift that keeps on giving. (10112) . 

Please behold the huge and beau-
tiful ad on page 19. Anyone who 
attends is encouraged to report to 
mfouli(s@ucsd.edu. Please let us know 
if it's truly life-changing. (10/12) 

UCSD Open House is on Saturday, 
October 21 st! See the ad in this 
Monday's Guardian. (10/12) 

"~~~~Y.lJiJiN ~Pft~" 
We &() Extreme M2~~vers 

100/0 off 
Your Most Expensive item 

when present this co~_on __ 
LOCATED IN THE CENTER 
COURT AT THE FORMER 

ROBINSON MAY LOCATION IN 
WESTFIELD UNIVERSITY 
TOWN CENTER LA JOLLA 

858/587-4790 

Pursue your MASTER'S DEGREE 
at die UNIVBISITY OF SAN FIWIlSCO 

Master of Arts in Economics 
Students in the Economics graduate program at the University of San 
Francisco receive rigorous training in the analytical knowtedge and abilities 
essential to the challenges of changing economies. the investment industry, 
banking and corporate financial management. 
The program offers opportunities for intemships. directed research, a 
master's thesis. study/research abroad or a combination of these options. 

Other Arts and Scienctl Master's Programa: 
Asia Paci~c Studies • Biology • Chemistry • Computer Science 
Environmental Management • Intemational and Development Economies 
Financial Analysis. Irttemet Engineering • Sport Management 
Theology. Writing (MFAI 

Details? Call 415.422.5135 or email asgradOusfca.edu 
Appl~ or I ........ ,.It? www.usfca.edu/gradlrequestinfo 
Vilh the .. progrlmalt www.usfcl.tdu/ ... rad 
VIIII ........... .....-at www.IIfcI . ...,.,...... 

CLASSIFIEDS 17 

Students 
FlvCh@IPer 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From SiR Diego to: 

Fresno $151 Amsterdam 

Denver $202 Tokyo 

$303 Melbourne 

• C :. StudentUniverse,com 

FREE haircut 
UCSD weekend 
Solve the puzzle 
La Jolla Brewhouse 
What's a Mystery School? 

ArtPower! 
Platinum Tan 
Eat at Club Med 

THIS WEEKEND 

$534 

$608 
..; 

p.3 
p.3 
p.S 
p.S 
p.19 
p.12 
p.11 
p. 10 

TlIlTtlLtlI 
FRIOCT13 
Men's Soccer vs. Cal 
State L.A .• 4:11 .. 
Women's Soccer vs, 
Cal State L.A., 1 .. 

SllOCl14 
Swimming & Diving - Blue -Gold Meet. 
11 .. 

IIIOCl15 
Women's Soccer vs. Cal State 
Bakersfield, 1 .. 
Men's Soccer vs, Cal State 

Baker~field, I ... 
UCSO 

Students are 
free with 
current 

student 10 



, I 

18 SPORTS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 

Camaraderie Will Carry Cross Country Postseason Berth Rests 
on Must-Win Homestand .. CLASSIC, from page 20 Tritons - second among divisional 

runners - ahead of McGregor, junior 
Amanda Burkhardt and sophomore 
Ashleigh Montgomery, who finished 
fourth, fifth and ninth, respectively, 
among divisional competitors. 

Once Ihe fir t four Cal State Los 
Angele~ runners took four of the 
pia es among divisional runners, the 
tournament title came down to the 
fi nishes of UCSD senior Nina Miller 
and Cal State Los Angeles runner 
Shawna Burger. Miller needed to fin-
i h at lea t two spots ahead of Burger 
for UCSD to take the title. 

Miller did just that with a clos-
ing surge that gave her the 10th 
place position, ahead of Burger in 
12th place. The Tritons repealed as 
Division II tournament champions 
by a single point over Cal State Los 
Angeles, 31·30. 

The men's race ended in a bit 
of a controversy when no team or 
individual awards were handed out 
because a djscr~pancy in the course 
caused some runners to accidental· 
Iy take the wrong route, which was 
shorter by approximately BOO meters. 

"A gap between the lead pack and 
the second pack of racers permitted 
some athletes, who did not study the 
course prior to racing, to take a dif-
ferent trail, leading that second pack 
to a shortcut merge with the lead 
pack:' head coach Ted Van Andale 
said. "Many of the second pack actu-
ally fin ished ahead of the true race 
leaders. Due to the integrity of the 

MENS GOLF 
CHICO STATE INVITATIONAL 

9TH Of 10 

oVler teams' coaches, we were able to 
siphon out the actual top 20 runners, 
who did run the correct course:' 

Despite figuring oul which rac-
ers took the wrong course, all times 
were deemed unofficial because of 
the confusion. 

"All the places were orted out in 
the end:' sophomore Jake LeVieux 
said. "But the teams were not scored 

We have had a 
magical season 

sinc~ the team 
rolled through 

tryouts?' 
- Ted Van Arsdale, 

Head Coach 

because the whole thing messed 
up the way many people ran. This 
resulted in mass confusion .. .. There 
should have been someone there to 
direct everyone at that intersection." 

LeVieux finished 18th overall 
according to unofficial times, and 
UCSD would have finished two 
points behind Cal Poly Pomona if the 
race had been made official. Only one 
Triton runner took the wrong course. 

Despite the course discrepancy. 
the performance of the younger Triton 

runners was impressive. Freshmen 
Jesse Morrill and Max M ullender 
finished first for UCSD. ahead of 
LeVieux and senior team captain Dan 
Holligan. 

"These young guns demonstrated 
they are real garners:' Van Arsdale 
said. 

The Triton Classic should pro-
vide an excellent barometer for the 
upcoming California Collegiate 
Athletic Association Championships. 
which will be held at the same course 
on Oct. 22. 

"I expect the team will do really 
weU; McGregor said. "We have been 
training really well together and think 
all the heard work will payoff when 
it is most important. We also have a 
home-course advantage and we know 
our course very well." 

The women's team has performed 
well thus far. but the Tritons must 
upset No. 10 Seattle Pacific University 
and No. II Chico State if they hope 
to repeat as CCAA champions this 
season. 

Van Arsdale is confident that his 
runners will be adequately prepared 
for the challenge that lies ahead. 

"We have had a magical sea-
son since the team foUed through 

tryouts~ Van Arsdale said. "Every 
aspect of our training and travels 
has worked out easily. The athletes 
get along incredibly well, perhaps 
because of their sense of confidence 
in their objective. When a team works 
this well together. it typically ends in a 
successful finish ." 

• LACKLUSTER, (rom page 20 
fling defense for the rest of the match 
and came away with the win. The 
Tritons had several scoring chances. 
but were outshot by al State San 
Bernardino. 11 -6. 

With the loss, the Tritons' record 
fell to 4-6-2 in California Collegiate 
Athletic Association play. nearly elim-
inating them from the playoffs. The 
Tritons' overall record is also below 
.500 for the first time all season, falling 
to 6-7-2. Since 

Despite the sour turn the season 
has taken. the Tritons are trying to 
stay focused and Frush out the rest 
of the year. 

"Our season is on the line now," 
Choi said. "If we want to make the 
playoffs. we have to win all of our 
matches and hope to get a little help:' 

Even if the Tritons do not make 
the playoffs. there are still plenty of 
reasons to try to finish the season on 
a high note. 

"The seniors on 
the team deserve 

season is on the 
liite now. If we want 
to make playoffs, we 
have to win all four 

a better send off 
than this and we 
are going to do 
whatever we can to 
make that happen;' 
Choi said. 

The Tritons 
will host their 
final homestand 
of the season this 
weekend and will 
need all the sup-

matches and hope to 
get a little help?' 

their 2-1 win 
against Western 
Washi ngton 
University on 
Sept. 20, the 
Tritons have a 
record of 0-6-1 
and have been 
outscored 1-9 by 
their opponents. 
In that same 
stretch. UCSD 
has fallen from 
first place in the 
CCAA South 
Division into a 
tie for fifth. 

- Tony Choi, port they can get if 
Freshman Midfielder they hope to make 

Choi believes that the team's poor 
play cannot be attributed to only one 
factor. 

' Our effort has always been good, 
we just have not been able to get that 
last bit of touch on the ball when we 
need to make plays." he said. 

a push toward the 
playoffs. UCSD 

will take on Cal State Los Angeles 
on Oct. 13 at 4:30 p.m. and Cal State 
Bakersfield on Oct. IS at 3:30 p.m. 
The Tritons will conclude their season 
with two road games at San Francisco 
State and Cal State Monterey Bay Oct. 
20 and 22, respectively. 

SCOREBOX 
MEN'S TENNIS 

SANTA CLARA BRONCO ClASSIC 
FLIGHT B DOUBLE FINALS: 

STEVEN OfCHEL AND SETH SPECTOR 
vs 

NICOLAI HORGEN AND CAASTENTHORSTENSTEIN 

u)Jl" l~S . GIl 
WOMEN'S SOCCER 

VS 
CAL STATE SAN BERNARDINO 

S.() 
WIN 

MEN'S SOCCER 
VS 

CAL STATE SAN BERNARDINO 

6-1 
lOSS 

ceD SOCCER SHOW g'OWN 
TRITONS vs. Cal State LA 

All Games RIMAe Field 
Free Admission! 

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

J 
( 
I 19 

.' 


