
WIKI: YOUR NEW STUDY PARTNER ~ . FOCUS, PAGE 9 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

UCSD 
Mourns Trio 
of Deaths 

A.S. Candidates Spring Off to the Races PEll GRANTS OVERHAULED 
BY DIVIDED 

HOUSE By Charles Nguyen N EW S EDITOR 
Three UCSD students died over 

spring break - two in a car crash 
on Genesee Avenue and one in a 
skiing accident. 

Thurgood Marshall College 
seniors Sachin Shah and Anish 
Dhingra were killed in a car acci-
dent at 2:35 a.m. on April I. The 
two, along with a third passenger 
who sustained minor injuries, were 
traveling northbound in a 200 1 
BMW sedan on Genesee Avenue at 
a high speed, according to the San 
Diego Police Department. Dhingra, 
the driver, then lost control of the 
car and crashed into the center 
divider. 

By Mal/hew McArdle 
A SSOC IAlF N EWS ED ITOR 

In a decision largely split along 
party lines, the U. . House of 
Representatives voted 221 - 199 last 
week to approve a new bill that 
Republican lawmakers say make 
higher education more affordable. 

The legislation allows students to 
receive PeLl Grant funds year-round 
and repeals the federal limits on the 
amount of Pell Grant aid a student 
attending a very low-cost school may 
receive. 

Originally, the bill , known a the 
College Acce s and Opportunity Act 

I BIU, page 7 ] Dhingra died upon impact of the crash, which flipped the car 
into a tree and threw Shah out 
of the car. Shah, who was not 
wearing a seat belt, died instantly, 
according to the San Diego County 

M~dical Examiner's Office. 
The third crash victim was 

transported to Scripps Memorial 
Hospital. The crash occurred in 
ftont of University City High 
School, which closed the route 
in both directions for about six 
hours. 

Preuss School Not Such a Fairy Tale UC Office Staff 
Latest Caught 
In Pay Scanaal 

Earl Warren College opho-
more Benjamin Sumner passed 
away from injuries sustained in 
a skiing accident. Sumner, who 
served as the A.S. academic affairs 
chief of staff, collided with a tree 
at the Northstar Resort at Tahoe, 
located in Truckee, Calif. 

Warren sophomore Daniel 
Palay, who was vacationing with 
Sumner at the time, discovered 
him in a forest area. Sumner was 
declared dead at about 2 p.m., 
according to the San Jose Mercury 
News. He was not wearing a hel-
met. 

Sumner and his friends began 
skiing and headed to the Martis Run 
at Lookout Mountain at around 
10:30 a.m. However, Sumner skied 
ahead of the group. 

" It was a freak accident," Palay 
told th~ Mercury News. 

Sumner was double-majoring 
in computer science and philoso-
phy, with a minor in international 
studies. 

"Ben was truly one of the 
most endearing spirits," Barbara 
Simmons, Sumner's counselor and 
mentor at Bellarmine High School, 
told the Mercury News. "He was 
one of the kindest, wisest souls of 
any of the students I've counseled 
in over two decades of counsel-
ing, prodigious in all that he did. 
He was a tremendous asset to our 
campus for his work on the year-
book." 

neaders can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcgfobaJ.net. 

The debate over 
the ·effectiveness of 
UCSD's brainchild 
remains unsettled. 

By Vladimir Kogan 
SENIOR STAFF WRI TER 

In fa111999, UCSDwent into the 
public school business. More than 
six years later, campus admini tra-
tors have received the first detailed 
measure of success for students 
enrolled in the Preuss School , a 
campus- run · charte r school , and 
the numbers are mixed. 

"This is a happy story, this is a 
good story, this is a success story:' 
said Hugh "Bud" Mehan, director 
of UCSD's Center for Research on 
Educational Equity, Assessment 
and Teaching Excellence. 

Last December, C.R.E.A.T.E. 
staff released the first statisti-
cal examination of the first two 
graduating classes at Preuss, the 
university-run middJe and high 
school that serves children of 
"desperate socioeconomic status" 
- mostly ethnic minorities, all of 
whom would be the first in their 
families to go to college. 

Though there was little doubt 
that Preuss kids outperformed 
their peers in other San Diego 
schools, the challenge for Mehan's 
team was to find a comparison 
group with similar drive and 
levels of parental involvement, 
among other factors. In the report, 
C.R.E.A.T.E. hoped to do just that, 
comparing Preuss enrollees with 
statistically identical children 
who had applied for admission 
to Preuss but were not accepted 
(the school uses a random lottery 
system when applications exceed 

It's 'mano a mano' in this year's 
presidential race. 

page 6 

PREUSS CLASS OF 2005 UNWEIGHTED GPA 

o Preuss School 

9th Grade 10th Grade 

• Comparison Students 

11th Grade · Cumulative 

President Dynes' inner 
circle received perks 
commonly reserved 
for elite execs, 
newspaper finds. 

By Charles guyen 
N~w EDlfOR 

SOUle£: 0NTEtt FOR IIEStAROI ON £olJ<:ATlONAt 
EQUITY, ASSESSMENT AND TEACHING EXUUfNCE 

UC President Robert C. Dynes' 
office assistant received everal perks 
that usually go to executives, continu-
ing the University of Californ ia's com-
pensation scandal that has sparked 
multiple legis!ative hearings over the 
past several months. 

available spots). 
The story, though, was not as 

happy as Mehan suggests. Though 
the 2005 Preuss ,graduates complet-
ed many more college-prep cours-
es, took more challenging classes, 
applied to more colleges and were 
far more likely to be enrolled in col-
lege - astoundingly, 100 percent of 
Preuss children enrolled in either 
a four-year college or a communi-
ty college - than the comparison 
group, both groups had nearly identi-
cal grades and similar scores on the 
state's standardized tests. 

The study proves "that you 
can provide a rigorous academic 
instruction for students of low-
income backgrounds," Mehan said. 
"And if. you support that instruc-
tion with academic support and 
social support, they can succeed at 
the highest levels." 

C.R.E.A.T.E. Associate Director 
Cecil W. Lytle, former Thurgood 
Marshall College provost and 
chair of the Preuss School's hoard 
of directors, said he was similarly 

SPORTS 

pleased with the results, explain -
ing that the purpose of the school 
was to provide rigorous data for 
ways to improve public education . 

"The true purpose of [UCSDJ , 
as for any institution with roots 
of a land-grant university should 
be, is to build models," Lytle said. 
"Now that we've built the school, 
we're starting to see results." 

In summary of the research, 
C.R.E.A.T.E. stated that "the study 
finds that attending the Preuss 
School causes students to com-
plete successfully more colJege 
prerequisites and to attend college 
in greater numbers." However, it's 
unclear whether the study actually 
established the causality that the 
brief implies. . 

For example, both Lytle and 
Mehan conceded that differences in 
college attendance may Simply indi-
cate that that the comparison group 
students did not complete the cours-
es necessary to be eligible for the 

[ PREUSS, page 3 ] 

The university gave Eileen 
O'CaJlahan a hefty compensation 
package when she followed Dynes, 
the former UCSD chancellor, from 
San Diego as he filled the presidential 
position. 

As a part of her position as 
his assistant, O'Callahan regularly 
schedules Dynes' appointments. 
Her benefit package included a 
$26,563 relocation stipend along 
with non,nal moving expenses, a 
$520,000 low-interest housing loan 
and a 25-percent salary increase 
to $106,250 a year, according to 
documents obtained by the San 
Francisco Chronic/e. The newspaper 
earlier uncovered several preViously 
unpublicized compensation -pack-
ages, totaling over $870 million that 
were distributed to UC employees. 
A large chunk of the funds were 

[ UC, page 3 J 

INSIDE WEATHER 
Can't Stop the Freefall Currents ... .. .. ........................... 2 

Pro/Con ................................... 4 April 3 April 4 
Mens baseball gives up 44 runs in Column .................................... 5 H67 LS5 H61 LSI 
a weekend of pain. . Classifieds ... ... ....................... 12 
page 16 Crossword ............................. 12 

Campus Calendar. ............... 14 
AprilS April 6 

H56L48 H61L49 



2 NEWS 

We're All in This 1--110 .... 

CURRENTS ------
Gallery Showcases 
Grad Student Art 
Fifteen graduate students com-

bine modern technologies and 
traditional art practices in distinct 
ways to kick off "The Elephant vs. 
the Termite/ a new exhibition that 
will be on view at University Art 
Gallery from April 7 through April 
27. The exhibition includes draw-
ing, painting, sculpture, installation, 
video and. digital media. 

Assistant curator of the Center 
of Art of the Americas at the Los 
Angeles County Musellm of Art 
and UCSD alumna Rita Gonzales, 
University Art Ga"ery Director 
Kathleen Stoughton and UCSD 
visual arts professors Louis Hock 
and Ernest Silva developed the exhi-
bition. 

The University Art Gallery is 
located at the west end of Mandevi lie 
Center at UCSD. Admission is free 
and open to the public. The gallery 
is open Tuesdays through Saturdays 
from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. 

Campus Salutes 
Cesar Chavez 

In an effort to honor Chicano 
labor activist Cesar E. Chavez, 
UCSD has planned a month-long 
series of events that wi II honor the 
life and accomplishments of the 
civil rights champion and boycott 
leader, who led the fight to direct 
nationwide attention to the strug-
gles of Chicano farm workers during 
the 19605. 

The annual Cesar E. Chavez 

Celebration Kickoff Luncheon will 
be held at noon on April 6 at the 
International Center. It wi II feature 
comments by Chancellor Marye 
Anne Fox and a presentation hon-
oring activist Herman Baca, who 
worked closely with Chavez and 
other civil rights leaders. 

Other events include a scholar-
ship awards ceremony sponsored 
by the UCSD Chicano/Latino 
Alumni Association at Price Center 
on April 26 and a screening of 
HBO's "Walkout," which deals with 
Chicano student movements during 
the 1960s, on May 1 0 ~n Center 
Hall . 

Scripps Chemist 
Gets High Honor 
The American Chemical Society 

honored Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography-based oceanogra-
pher and marine chemist William 
Fenical on March 28 in a cer-
emony in Atlanta. He received the 
society's coveted Ernest Guenther 
Award, which includes a grant for 
$5,000 for his efforts "to recog-
nize and encourage outstanding 
achievements in analYSiS, structure 
elucidation and chemical synthe-
sis of natural products." 

Fenical is the director of the 
Center for Marine Biotechnology 
and Biomedicine at UCSD and his 
work includes numerous marine 
drug innovations. He discovered a 
bacterium from a deep ocean site 
near the ~hamas that produces 
anti-cancer agents, and has also 
derived an anti-inflammatory drug 
from soft coral. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

DISRE - l~GUARDIAN REED UCSD 
You fall for it every spring 

MONDAY, APRil 3, 2006 

Vlldimir~ 
I .. S. -.....-

N>lhon Mildos c."WIors 
He>thor Welles 

Charle. Nguyen NowI_ 
MoII'- McArdle --_ ..... 
Mar_Madden o,IoioA ..... 

_Camp 
__ OpIoioofllllr 

IIJoIfN_ 
..... -

OONl leintn"" 
--5jIootI-

ChriotiooP .. _fIIIIr 
-..r.derio 

----Codf L Nobours ..... fIIIIr 
Chri_OorI< -..... .... -. 

GIeIIe~ 

8iIlyW,,", 
...... fIIIIr 

AIe .. nder V .. ood --.......... 
And, .... NSuyen DotIp-

Riley 501,,,,'''',ce AII_ 
_AooIoIooI _v_ 

Rlchord ChoI, N!r.~ w.odISIIItu. UloItolWo, __ 
Nini~:s="" Hodley _~ ..... 1lNIIr 

Ko,herl .. ~ _GIMraI-.,.. 
MidlletF .................. 

Michelertll 
w.ceC_ ............ __ 

MiIIe,.,.,i"", .......... __ 
Josh .... ..... 

--
KilO-ions" 

-.,... ..... 
C ..... a...1IiiItMI Chol 

.,.,....... 
T .... BoIchin, Colly c.r. r ...... 0I>4rl 

The UCSD CuMdltn Is ,.,tJli .... d Mondoys 
and Thurs;.ys dud,. thl academic ,ear by 
UCSD II ...... and !Dr the UC5D <_unity. 
Repooduct\oft of \III. -I"P.'!' lot Iny form, 
..titttIer in wIIoIe or In po<l; ,.;daoI permk"on 
is strictly pralolbiltcl. C -. • ~. reserved. 
The UCSD ~ I. "'" r~ for the 
return ciiIi liMOIic::it .. manusc ..... .". The views 
.""' ....... ein de not ~~...,t ,he 
opinioM ., the UCSD Gu ....... fie University 
01 Califo,nia or Aasoci>led "",,","s. Tho UCSD 
GUNdlln Is MIded solely by odvenlsins. Dude, 
rad the OisreCUJrdian for inside Jaket. 

General Editorial: 853-5J4.<158O 
edit~Btwdian.Dr8 

News: _5J4.S226, ..... 1_..-,"'1 
Focu~ 15&-5)4.5226, ,.""",,@ucsil,uWion.org 

Hiatu~ 15&-D4-6S4J, hilluseu<s<I,uWMn.org 

oe' :_S~~_org ·fJ5&.5~~"'8 :-~~Mn."'8 
Advertising: 858-534-J.466 
ads@UCsdBuaroilfl.org 

Fax: Ni!\.S!4-·71H1 

I 
I 

*rr . I n.,,,,rcut, reg. WI 
It Up do or reg. 5+5 I 
*Coloror Foil HiLites,rq.$85 II 

• uwlup 
·".,,.1.,.,.,,,, I 

c •• ,.. ,./~ IIIrII ,,..,,. ."". I 
8915 Towne Center Drive 

San Diego, CA 92122 : 
151.229.4157 I L __________ _ 

MoNDAY, APRil 3, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

. Preuss School Efficiency Remains Cloudy Thinking of Moving Off CamPJlsl 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo for Youl 
• PREUSS, from page 1 
University of California or California 
Stare University, and some in the com-
parison group said they didn't know 
about the SAT Il, a test required for 
admission to most top-notch schools. 
At Preuss, students are required to 
complete the fuU sequence of classes 
and to take the exam. Other than show-
ing the success of the school's "culture 
of learning." Lytle said the study could 
not isolate which of the Preuss School's 
innovations were responsible for the 
success. 

"Some ... things are happening 
at the school Ithat) we cannot cap-
ture in the numbers," Mehan said. 

However, it seems unlikely that 
some of the school's methods, like 
the nearly 10,000 extra minutes 
Preuss children must spend in class 
each year, compared to the state 
requirements, would be responsi-
ble for raising college attendance 
without also raising grades and test 
scores. Without knowing which 
variables helped get kids into col-
lege, it's unclear what lessons educa-
tors can take away from the school. 

"I think the key is that the school 
has to have a single focus," Preuss 
Principal Doris Alvarez said. "And that 
focus has to be known by everyone:' 

UCSO's current attempt to rep-
licate Preuss' success at Gompers, a 
middle school in one of San Diego's 
toughest neighborhoods, will like-

the key is that 
e School has to have 
a single focus. And 
that focus has to be 

known by everyone." 
- Doris Alvarez, Principal, 

UCSD Preuss School 

Iy indicate if the Preuss model is 
exportable. One of the key bar-
riers is funding: Preuss spends 
approximately $7,200 per student, 
compared with the state average of 

roughly $5,200 for middle schools 
and $5,500 for high schools. 

Next year, Preuss may have an 
opportunity to show if it can achieve 
the same results with less money. 
Roughly 20 percent of the school's 
budget, according to Lytle, comes 
from academic preparation funding 
provided by the UC Office of the 
President (the outreach money also 
funds C.R.E.A.T.E.). After spending 
two years trying to get the university 
to demonstrate that the state was 
getting the biggest badg for its buck, 
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has 
proposed eliminating state support 
for UC outreach next year. 

Mehan said he hopes the study 
will show state leaders that the 
money is worth it. 

"I think that it's part of the great 
debate in American society about 
public education," he said. "How 
much do we invest in public edu-

, cation, and how much should we 
irivest in public education?" 

Readers call COlt tact Vladimir Kogalt 
at vkogan@ucsd.edu. 

WHY RENn BUYI 
,Rent the extra rooms to your friends... . 
• Us. the ~nt money to fNIY for the mortgD~ .•. 
, You IIvt in the condo for FREE. and ..• 
' .. ,your ""retlb cem write 0" the Internt on the mortgage! 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Flntftrtaltor,hotmall.com· www.cbcallfornio.com/tobin 

G ... UCSD CENTER FOR THE HUMANITIES 
'It Continuing thtDiIllogue ... 

The Center for the Humanities presents a new lecture series 
THE eI1Y: WbM U tile fIIIl1It from" nty' HtnII do we 

,.1Ibtnu lIMp;", tb. 'PM" tlMt IIMpe o",,/iws A"J 
etmnt .. it/n, HtnII U IN ntvUin tIH city, ""J bow bAH 
thou hIuIps or ""'"P" clNmpJ IIn'OII tinu """ pwe' 

1IIm.", 1IIm....,. 
Prof. Marcel Henaff, UCSO Literature Dept Bruce HoIliJ1lSWOrlh, President/CEO, 
'Tt1MIrd tilt Globol City: AlcllUMnt, & Ralph Hicks, Director, 
Mach"", Ntfwcri" Land Use Plann1nc, San DIes<> 

Unified Port DIstrict 

President Dynes Defends Assistants' Bonuses 1IIm.,,13 'TIlt Port's /.and IIH PfaM;"! fi Prof. '11l111in ZhIna. UCSO Literature Dept Dwtioplllfflt Proem" 
"CNmatic Conlfttntfans ", a.fjfnf and 

• UC, from pag~ 1 
given to top UC officials. 

In addition, O'Cailahan is under 
an agreement to receive $10,000 and 
six months of pay and benefits if she 
leaves during her first five years of 
employment. Workers in O'CaIlahan's 
position usually do not receive pack-
ages eqUivalent in value to this one. 
Among university unions, secretaries 
and administrative assistants are inel-
igible for such benefits, according to 
the Chrollicle. UC policy prohibits the 
awarding of relocation packages such 
as O'Callahan's even with the approv-
al of university leaders. However, UC 
General Counsel James Holst autho-

rized O'Cailahan's benefits. 
The university also gave com-

pensation packages to one of Dynes' 
top advisers, Linda Williams, who 
got a $44,467 relocation allowance. 

Dynes justified the decision to 
give the perks to his aides in a state-
ment to the UC Board of Regents, 
and said that he wanted to relo-
cate them to Oakland because their 
familiarity with him was important. 

"When I became president, I 
believed their continued service 
would be beneficial to my success 
at the systemwide level," Dynes told 
the board. "Each of these individu-
als was asked to leave her home and 

livelihood in San Diego and relocate 
to the very high-cost Bay Area so 
that my office would continue 'to 
have the bencht of their substantial 
skills and experience." 

The discovery of the benefits 
came on the heels of a report to the 
regents in which the University of 
California Office of the President 
disclosed that it had unintentionally 
given Lawrence Berkeley National 
Laboratory Director Steven Chu a 
benefits plan without going through 
the proper channels. Chu currently 
receives a $350,000 salary, along with 

[UC, page 7) 

ShanJltaI: WIlt"" Conquistadors, ChiIIIR 1IIm...., 11 
8ricaI ..... , Transcullurallratm" Prof. James Hobton, 

1IIm.Afllzt 
Prof. Teddy Cruz, UCSD VIsual Arts Dept 
will speak on CrHtinr a bordtr 
CllllllUrity 

1IIm. .. n 
DMIck Ca/twrIWIt, Director, 
SO Muse\In of Art 
"tI Vfsibl, Instituticns: Tht City and Ib 
MurNn" 

UCSO Anthropology Dept 
"Da"..,-ous Spocrs of Citiunship: 
Galli" Talll, R/tllb· Talll, and Rule Of 
I4w in lrazlr 
n.s....,1. 
Prof. Suzanne Cahill, UCSO History 
Dept. will speak on GlobcIflzation and 
Cha,,!'an (modmI XI'an" the capit,l 
of Tanr (61".oTJ China 

FlEE AND OPEN TO THE puue 

. 

ALllKlVlES WIllIE NU 7=--.1 PlPPEI CAmMlIIALl. 1M'. 
For more information visitllaptlIlUlmdr.aad.edu or callIISl-534-0999 

ASSOCIATE DSTUDENTS2006 Wondering what's ELECTIONS 
VOTE: Mon, April 10 - Fri, April 14 

( 

after UCSD? 
Liie.l01 is just for you! 

Netwon with UCSD alumni from over 30 career fields, including 
the President of Bad RQ.bot Productions-the company that 
produces IiLost" and Ii ArIaS"! _ 
learn how to survive-and-thrive in life after graduation at this special 
half-day seminar including workshops, raffle prizes. and a light lunch. 

WHEN 

WHERE 

HOW MUCH 

REGISTER 

Saturday, April 22, 2006 
1 0:00AM-3:00PM 

Roosevelt College 
Robinson Auditorium/Great Hall 

General: $8.00 
Alumni Association 
Student Member: $5,00 . 
www.alumni.ucsd.edu/lifel 01 

THnooNG OUTSIDE ThE BooKS 

Co-pnsented by the UCSD Alumni Assod.tion MId the C.reer Services Cemer 



.. 

4 ~ 'filE:: . GuARDIAN ' Web poD I WhAt should be the top priority for the Univenity of ~ifornia? • MoIntain the q .... 1ty or the un",:"",ly. 
CONTACT 11IE EDITOR 

Marianne MadtWt 
opinion@lIcsdguardian.org OPINION 

t O. of I? ... 

• ElIf'II'd aa:eu to unde.....-i aroups. 
o Keep hiBher education .ffordable. 
• _ salarie< to IN,ket -ase· 

Vole. the _ .... at_~ia.Dtr. 
MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 

Security and Economics 
Req.uire a Strong Solution 

By Hanna Camp 
ASSO CIATE OPINION EDITOR 

lawlessness of border conditions. Moreover, 
the madness of proclaiming illegal immigra-
tion to be bad while tolerating a largely open 

A long the entire 2,OOO-odd mile length border wiU be over. of the U.S.-Mexican border, the condi- The provision of HR-4437 that likely sent tions range from violent to desperate. thousands to the streets of Los Angeles in 
In American cities where illegal immigrants protest last week. however, is one that makes 
live as cheaply as possible in order to send the it a felony to enter the United States illegally 
bulk of their wages "home;' the pattern is the or to assist a person in doing so. The details of 
same: crime, decreases in property values and a this are still up for debate - one question is 
critical draining of resources from _______ whether a church charity can be 
the community by those who held liable if they offer assistance 
know they will never be part ofit. PRO to an illegal immigrant - but the 

In this nation of immigrants, basic idea is sound. 
it is no betrayal to state that this No matter what immigrant 
is far from the kind of immigra- communities may claim, there is 
tion we want, nor is it the kind of immigration no right to enter the country illegally, regard-
upon which the economy can rely. House less 'of whether Americans are willing to do 
Resolution 4437 addresses this problem, and the jobs an illegal immigrant will or not. 
while the Senate will no doubt amend the Where circumventing the law does little harm, 
legislation considerably, perhaps beyond rec- a nation can afford to be lenient, but illegal 
ognition, before it ever reaches the president's immigration has been damaging for so long 
desk, it is r"" from the inhuman crackdown that the United States has no recowse but to 
upon iUegal immigration that opponents daim punish those who engage in it. 
it to be. It is in fact one of the most realistic HR-4437 fails in one area, and the Senate 
approaches to the problem to come out of would be wise to address it before they 
Congress in a long time. take on the challenge of convincing a huge 

There must be tougher border control Hispanic constituency not to vote them out 
- this is nothing but a sad fact. 8eyond the for being sensible. 
practicalities of preventing terrorism and The current version of the bill makes it 
drug trafficking, iJlegal immigrants have no impossible for the nearly 12 million immi-
access to health care or legal recourse; they grants who came here iUegally to obtain legal 
accept low, exploitative wages; and their very citizenship. This is a short-sighted, punitive 
presence encourages companies to break the measure that ignores the fact that we cannot 
taw for profit. Those undocumented workers uproot so many people, who in many cases 
who come only to send remittance money have had children here. What it wUI do is 
back home end up creating conditions like create an underdass of utegals - .a1beit one 
those already described. that will last only so long as the immigrants 

Any attempt to solve the problem must themselves live - that will perpetuate the very 
start by regaining control over the U.S. - problems the bill anempts to solve. 
Mexican border. HR-4437 provides funds The hard-line stance many take in this 
to expand the border patrol, build fences case is understandable, since giving amnesty 

• and buy the equipment to keep more secure to undocumented workers has in the past 
watch over the border. With fences and more spectacularly failed to curb further iUegal 
restrictive rules, border control forces can immigration. The most notable failure was 
more easily slow the flow of illegal immi-
grants and relieve the current violence and I I SECURITY, page 5 I 

TO A 
HOSTIL_E 

LAND 

Proposed Legisl~tion Is 
Too Draconian to Tolerate 

By Marianne Madden 
OPINION EDITOR 

stiff fines or some other method. 
But the more important economic reality 

remains: Employers save money by hiring 

I n word and mission, the United States is illegal immigrants, who are often willing to welcoming to all immigrants, no matter work under-the-table and for lower wages how poor or wretched they may be. [n than Americans. Until this reality changes. 
reality, we like to struggle to redress the per- employers will have little incentive to hire 
ceived "immigrant problem:' Recently passed only legal immigrants and natural-born citi-
House Resolution 4437, which is provoking zens. While the bill seeks to strengthen penal-
passionate debate in the Senate as weU as ties for employers who hire illegal workers, it 
spurring huge protests from Los _______ is more important for the gov-
Angeles to New York, seeks to do ernment to actually enforce the 
just that. CON law or to give employers a true 

Unfortunately, the bill is reason not to employ illegals. 
disturbing in how it targets all Other parts of the bill are 
immigrants, not just illegal ones. simply punitive. [t dassifies ille-
Moreover, it is unconstitutional - it carries gal aliens as felons - a harsh move, cODsid-
several provisions that deny people due pro- ering that those who cross into the country 
cess in court. illegally are the poorest of the poor, and 

Whether fears about immigrants arise clearly the most desperate to make a living. 
from simple racism or more complex nation- More importantly, being a felon in the United 
ai-security worries, they are overblown. States is still more attractive than languish-
While stereotypes of Mexican gangsters may ing in Mexico. It's unlikely that this measure 
exist, and America should not have to accept would actually deter iIIegal iminigrants, who 
immigrants with criminal records, the vast already skate under the radar of U.S. law 
majority of immigrants are honest and hard- enforcemenL Furthermore, iso't it enough to 
working people who simply come to America simply deport those found to be here illegaJly 
for higher wages and a better standard of - rather than dassify them as a felon under 
living. u.s. law, which implies they should be jailed 

The bill's draconian measures dearly in American penitentiaries? 
sprout from the mindset that illegal immi- It makes sense to deport ilJegaI immi-

, grants are terrorists - or at least come to the grants. but not to declare them criminals 
United States to commit crimes of some SOrL under the law of a country ci }Vhich they 
However, the daim that HR-4437 is a neces- aren't a citizen. If ilIegaIs are classified as 
sary tool to fight terrorism is bunk. First, felons. they should be extended the same 
the bill targets immigrants from Mexico. rights of u.s. citizens - like the right to 
who have never committed acts of terror- due process. which Section 204 of HR-4437 
ism against the United States, nor who have denies them. 
much reason to. Second, if we were to take a Section 202 of the biD seeks to ;.n any 
weU-known example - the Sept. II hijack- person for up to fM yean ifhe aida an illegal 
ers who anended flight school in America immigrant or penon who cannot prove clti-
- we would see that they entered the country zen,;h~ in any way. This includes simply driv-
legally. ing such a person - and could nab doctors. 

More realistically, the but promotes the church workers and shelters (and. of course, 
p~ctice of employers weeding out illegal employers). It also falls to make a distinc-
immigrants. By all means, dissuade employ-
ers from hiring those here illegally, through [LENIENCY, page 6 J 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Associated Students. 

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 

Why Higher Activity 
Fees Aren't Necessary 

A hh, another beautiful quarter. Which means another long line at A.S. Soft Reserves for 
the poor saps forced to buy their class 
readers there. 

Of course, as they stand in line, 
some canny students might start to 
wonder: Should they really vote to 
raise their own activity fees by 70 per-

dent councils at these campuses have 
bigger budgets? 

UCSO's A.S. Council hasn't cre-
ated a new enterprise for years, not 
since it jointly opened a ropes course 
with the recreation departmenL This 
year, Commissioner of Enterprise 
Operations Angela Chen considered 
bringing in the chairs that provide 

Hats 
off 

a tantalizing back 
massage when 
you feed them 
your spare change 
- a far cry from 
Stanford's bank. 

Vladimir Kogan The problem 

cent in next week's 
campuswide elec-
tion, as the stu-
dent government 
recommends? 
HOpefully, they'll 
arrive at the right 
answer, which is 
"No.'" vko 

@ csd ed is that the student gan u . u government has 
As the A.S. Council likes to point 

out in justification of the hike, UCSO's 
student government has a much 
smaller budget than its counterparts 
at the other major UC campuses. But 
the comparison is flawed: The other 
campuses raise far more money from 
sources other than their students, while 
UCSO hasn't even begun to catch up. 

Consider, ironically enough, Soft 
Reserves. Like the other "enterpris-
es;' which supposedly exist to make 
molJfY for the A.S. Council to spend, 
the reader service has struggled to 
make any profit at all. For the most 
part, in fact, the A.S.-run enterprises' 
main function seems to be to prOvide 
a job for the managers who run them, 
not sustain a viable business model. 

Many years ago, Soft Reserves 
began to face competition from private 
companies, which could often produce 
the same dass readers more cheaply, 
and actually deliver them to your class. 
to save you the long line. A benefit for 
students, right? Not in the eyes of Soft 
Reserves and your student govern-
ment, which convinced the univer-
sity last quarter to ban outside vendors 
from ~g readers on campus, sup-
posedly out of safety concerns. So now 
you must stand in line, yet again. 

Instead of adapting to the com-
petition by cutting prices and giving 
students bener service, Soft Reserves 
chose to kick others off campus. in 
the name of assuring a "level playing 
field." 

The same story can generally be 
applied to the entire A.S. enterprises 
office, which was created half a decade 
ago to give the A.S. Council an alter-
native source of income to activity 
fees. Since then, the office has suffered 
from a massive failure of imagination, 
unable to create new services th.at 
students actually want to use. 

At UCLA, the student government 
runs seven campus restaurants, and 
operates a trademark and licensing 
office that rakes in cash for leuing 
outside vendors use the school's name 
and logos. At Stanford University, the 
government operates a $6 million 
bank for undergraduates, and designs 
corporate Web sites. 

Is there any surprise that the stu-

spent too much lime trying to resus-
citate its current failing businesses 
instead of thinking of new ones. It's 
not that students don't want to stand 
in line for hours to buy a dass reader, 
our leaders' thinking goes, it's that 
they simply don't know the service 
exists. 

So this year, A.S. senators tapped 
into the council's near-holy reserves 
account - something they refused 
to do even to pay a lawyer to protect 
Student-Run Television during the 
porn fiasco - to ... hire a sign twirler 
to promote the A.S.-run businesses. 

The failure to innovate hurts stu-
dents in places other than just their 
pocket books, where they get hit with 
higher activity fees. It also means lost 
opportunities: The second purpose of 
the enterprises is to provide students 
with marketable work experience. 
While UCLA graduates can tell future 
employers that they experienced the 
intricacies of inteUectuaI property law, 
UCSO grads can be proud that they 
served coffee at the Grove, another 
A.S. co-run business. 

In future years, even the few 
profitable A.S. businesses, like A.S. 
Lecture Notes, are likely to decline, 
as more and more professors begin 
to post PowerPoint slides online and 
students turn to things like Wiki Web 
sites to share dass notes. And the A.S. 
Council can't keep raising activity fees 
forever. 

The recent lawsuits bi' the 
Recording Industry Association of 
America provided the A.S. Council 
with a perfect opportunity: What 
could be more popular with students 
than a low-priced. legal music down-
loading service? The council could 
have built its own, or simply negoti-
ated a ma:..ive group discount on 
behalf of the entire student body from 
a corporate vendor, and then kept a 
commission, as other schools have 
done. Sadly, it did neither. 

Though framed as a refef!!ndum 
on the A.S. programming office, next 
week's fee vote is instead an opportu-
nity for students to choose the future 
funding model for their student gov-
ernment. They can accept higher fees, 
or force the A.S. Council to innovate. 

Remittances Bleed Needed 
Funds' from Communities 

_ SECURITY, from page 4 
the Immigration Control and Reform 
ACl of 1986, which gave permanent 
status to 3 million illegal immigrants, 
and resulted only in millions more 
crossing the border. 

Amnesty is a historical blunder, but 
dosing off any avenue through which 
undocumented immigrants may 
become legal is myopic. The Senate is 
discussing propo8als for a Iegalization 
process that would involve fines, back-
ground checks and the payment of 
back taxes. ideas that are realistic and 
far from blanbt amnesty. The econ-
omy needs more workers, especially 
with an aging Social Security base. but 
it needs 1egaI citizens as workers, peo-
ple who pay taus and irMat In com-
munities. We cannot be temponry 
apace for workers who never become a 
part «the community. 

The lnter-Americall Devdopment 
Bank estimates that c.Iifomia alone 

is the source of over $9.6 billion per 
year that flows to Central America 
and Mexico through remittances .. We 
cannot afford to continue being a 
source of involuntary foreign aid. 

The most meritorious objection to 
the but is the concern that crackdowns 
on the hiring of illegal immigrants will 
lead to the kind of discrimination that 
comes when companies fear hiring 
even a 1egaI immigrant. Such an effect 
would indeed be serious. but it can be 
dealt with. HR-4437 itself includes an 
expansion of the Basic Employment 
Verification Program, which allows for 
businesses to perform quick online 
checks of Social Security names and 
numbers. Such checks are simple. and 
if the !WIle and number match up. 
then the busillesS is JepIly dear. 

Tbe Los All,.. 11ma recently 
reported th.t thia prosram is effectM. 

[ IMMIGILINIJ, IMP 6 J 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN 
• 

OPINIONS 

GROUNDWORK BOOKS HAS MOVED 
See the ad in this Thursday's Guardian 

BIG BUCKS 
AT SELL-BACK 
Sell your books to us! 

Heres a small sample 01 
UCSO Bookstore sell -back prices 

Students have saved 
over $11 million so far! 
Other WOIys to set your 
share of yvinp 
this year: 
• TONS of used te~ 
• HUNDREDS of new 
text Cliscounts 

sel .Ire .11-lllellllll' II 1I'Ilbl' 1IIIIIIIIsiaui 



6 OPINION 

APPlY. .. _ ......... .. 
.. -. ..... I11I1II. 
• fMIJIY. fill ..... n 
...... -.-.. .. 
.IIII..,.,amYUI. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

ARE YOU TOO SIffi 

o Do you get very NERVOUS around people? 
o Do you FEAR being the center of attention? 
o Do you AVOID going to social events and 

meeting new people? 
If you answered YES to any of the above, you may be eligible 
to participate in an experimental research study using an 
investigational drug compared to placebo to treat social anxiety 
disorder at UCSD. Your participation will include a physical 
exam and may include the use of brain imaging techniques. 
To receive more information, call 
(877) UCSD-SHY (877-827-3749) 
or email veryaby@ucsd.edu 
Clinical care will be pr:ovided and you may 
receive monetary compensation. UCSD 

the books 
you need 
NOW 

See more discounted titles in our other ad in this issue 

students have saved over $11 million so for! 
Don't forget to check out the UCSD Bookstore 

for TONS of used texts! 
Sell-back: First week Ie 'Finals week (see ad in this issue) 

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2006 

Secure Borders 
Are Critical to 
Future Policy 

• IMMIGRANTS, from page 5 
but the IlIdc of funding and cooperation 
by businesses has hampered it. Should 
Congress and the White House choose 
to seriously addms the problem, this 
is the tool they can use - systemati-
cally going after industries that refuse 
to participate. Mectivt' border poLic-
ing and deportation of undocumented 
workers will help to dry up the pool of 
cheap 1abor that tempts companies to 
skirt the law, and so long as real-time 
verification of legal status is available, 
they have no excuse for not hiring legal 
immigrants. Companies that unfairly 
discriminate can and should be sued. 

Border control and enforcement 
measures are what deal with the 
troubled present, and the Senate 
must look at ways to begin dramati-
cally expanding the number of work 
visas issued and legal citizenship 
applications granted, which is what 
will ultimately create the conditions 
for a satisfactory future in American 
immigration. But one cannot come 
without Ihe other. 

Immigrants 
Have Human 
Rights Too 

• LENIENCY, from page 4 
tion between .illegal immigrants and 
those who Simply don't have identi-
fication on them and are suspected 
of being from another country. The 
latter group can be deported, with no 
opportunity to present Iheir case. It 
makes no concession for those whose 
passport or lD is stolen or lost - nor 
for children, who are never expected 
to carry lD. 

We can only hope that the blatant 
unconstitutionality of these ~ions 
of the bill will be excised or revised 
in the Senate - or that the bill is 
crushed all together or revised beyond 
recognition. 

Another part of the bill falls short 
of being unconstitutional, but is undu- . 
Iy harsh. It would make it impossible 
for the 12 million illegal immigrants 
already in America to gain legal citi-
zenship. From a realistic perspectivt', 
those 12 million immigrants being 
deported would be disastrous to the 
U.S. economy. Our capitalist economy 
has thrived for so long on these people 
who work hard for little money. Who 
would take over their backbreaking, 
menial jobs? 

M long as the economic incentives 
to go to America are strong. measures 
like the 700-mile fence to be built 
along the border will be laughably 
ineffective. But more disturbing is the 
message sent by the fence, as well as 
the draconian measures of HR-4437. 
If passed, the law would create an 
environment where employers would 
be happy to take advantage of illegal 
immigrants by exploiting their cheap 
labor. Meanwhile. the government 
would have the power to strip away 
immigrants' human rights and essen-
tially deport them for no reason at ~ 
- even if they've put down roots in a 
community for years, and deserve to 
be made citizens_ 

Augustin Rangel, who marched 
along with 100,000 others in New 
York 00 Saturday, had a simple point 
·We are workers not terrorists." Rangel 
worts two jobs, and the California 
economy (evt'n more than the 
American economy) ia dependent on 
mipnt and illegal worbn who pick 
our fruit, cook our fOod and dean our 
houses. Some fear that immigrants 
take jobs aWl)' from Americans, but 
that has pI'Ovt'II to be false - immi-
grants do America's dirty work, and 
for meager waga to boot.lnunipants' 
backs may break under the weight of 
low wages and bad working condi-
tiona, but America's back is hardly 
break!n& under the weight of hard-
working iJnmi&ranta. 

MONDAY, APRil 3, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Bill Fails to Sway All College Groups 
• BILL, from page 1 
of 2005, faced extreme opposition 
from Democrals and student groups, 
who said that it did not do enough 
to heLp siudents pay for the costs 
of going 10 college. However, after 
some last-minute revisions, House 
Republicans were able 10 make the 
bill more palatable to opponents, 
leading many college groups to drop 
opposition and clearing the way for 
the bill's passage on March 30. 

Led by Rep. Howard P. McKeon 
(R-Calif.), the chairman of the 
House Education and Workforce ' 
Committee, Republican leaders 
backed away from provisions that 
were the most contested by oppo-
nents, including a plan Ihat would 
have altered the formula for distrib-
uting funds for student aid programs 
and eased requirements for colleges 
that repeatedly raise student fees. 

Late on March 29, the bill's sup-
porters also agreed to make addi-
tional changes to the bill, and law-
makers voted to adopt an amend-
ment introduced by Rep. Louie 
Gohmert (R-Texas) that struck 
down a provision allowing states to 
accredit colleges; the amendment 
also further eased college-tuition 
reporting requirements. 

The changes prompted the 
National Association ofIndependent 
Colleges and Universilies, which 
fought aggressively against the mea-

sure, to drop its opposition. 
"From NAICU's perspective, the 

biIJ thit emerged from the House 
was much improved over the version 
first presented," NAICU President 
David L. Warren stated in a press 
reLease. "ALthough the changes made 
in Ithe bill) still did not bring us to a 
position of being able to support the 
measure, these changes do represent 

~ding~ege ~ al:ess remams a 
fundamental goal for 
this nation and this 

Congress?' 
- Howard P. McKeon, 

Chairman, House Education and 
Workforce Committee 

substantial progress.' 
NAJCU agreed to go along with 

the package because Republicans 
kept their promises to water down a 
provision requiring colleges to cre-
ate panels made of administrators. 
students, professors, alumni and 
others to explore operating costs, 
according to Sarah A. Flanagan, the 
association's vice president. 

The final version of Ihe biJIlow-
ered the number of colleges required 
to form such committees from the 
top 10 percent of colleges that are 
deemed to have raised their tuitions 
excessively over a three-year period 
to the top 5 percent. 

However, not aLI groups were 
swayed by the changes. 

The American Association of 
Collegiate Registrars and Admission 
Officers indicated Ihat, although 
the group's voice had been heard, 
lawmakers did not do enough to 
earn the group's support of the mea-
sure. 

McKeon said that the criticism 
was unfair because the bill, even 
after the changes, includes provi-
sions requiring more reporting on 
fees, which would make it easier to 
analyze whal components of college 
costs could be reduced. 

"Expanding college access 
remains a fundamental goal for Ihis 
nation and this Congress," McKeon 
stated in a press release. "Part of this 
effort is adding more sunlight into 
the discussion about higher educa-
tion - and the rising costs of a col-
lege education, in particular. This 
bill adds that necessary sunlight, 
and it will make a difference for 
countless students.' 

Readers can contact MaNhfw McArdle 
ill matt.mcarclle@gmail.com. 

Audit Exposed Pay Error of Lab Director 
• UC, from page 3 
an extra $17,500 in perks per year in a 
rdimnent packa&e. 

UCOP discovered .the error after 
the office bepn auditing the plan, 
accordms to UCOP spokesman Paul 
Schwartz. Several audits are being 
conducted inllde and outside of the 

university, in addition to a compre-
hensive UC-sponsored plan to raise 
all emploJft pay to market levels 
within a decade. In an independent 
study, the university found that its 
executives were 15 percent behind 
the average. However, in state Senate 
subcommittee hearings conducted in 

February. state senators criticized the 
study because it did not include extra 
compensation for top officials. The 
university audits are expected to be 
completed by the end of the month. 

Ruuiers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

SunshIne Store 
ApJ3-8 

Head, Neck a 
Spine Center of SD 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

auto accident speciaist, 
UCSD insurance accepted 

NEWS 7 

8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La Jolla, CA 92037 
•••••• 1'" Fa ••••• 1141 

....... I.loII.de. com 



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

OUTHAL,§ 
KIEHL'S COLLEGE C . 

Join thousands of COllege students 
nationWide for the . 

" 

and help fight the spread of HI VIA IDS. 

Participants shall receive Qenerous gifts 
of Kiehl's skin and hair care fonnulations. 

Ta register and learn mareabaut the Kiehl's 
Callege Challenge far YauthAIOS, visit; . 
WWWokieh'SocomlyoUtl.taldSC:llalf$)ge . 

Additionally, we inVite you to visit 
YOUr local Kiehl's atota at 

Fashion Valley 
with this flyer for a 

comp/imentlJly Up BsJm 11. 
........ ~--,.,--....,.I/tItI __ 

... 

.57 • 
....... 

MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 9 
CONTACT TIlE EDITOR 

CIuistincPae 
!eatures@lIcsdguardian.org 

By DavUl Johnston 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

known for being ambi-
e Earl Warren Coll~e 

. California recall dection n~or ran an cal heavyweights Arnold 
atnst d Lt Governor Cruz 

eran. AS 
he ran for .. 

ante. Last year~diose platform 
president on thb ~ g second Sun God that he wollid nng a 
Festival to UCSD. h thrown his 

This year, Watts 'd:'tiaI ring. but 
hat back into the presl could not have 

. strategy 
his campugn I lead of another Sun 
changed more. ns ethin different to God, Watts has som fo g 

imple re nns. 
offer students: s problems with 

"Th are so many th t 
ere t right now a d nt govemmen . "I' our stu e i1y" Watts sud. m 

can be flX~d so e~, s I know I can get 
concentrating ~~ost a 'ot of money:' 
done that won . comprises three 

Watts' cam~g~ t of which is to 
major pledgesb ~ ~at student orga-
eliminate the arr~en they try to host 
nizations face w e~ ants to end the 
events on cam~us~hi~ wthe A.S. Council 
current system In the college councils, 
allocates mOd~ey .~ te it to student orga-
which then lstrl u rt that his system, 
nizalions. wattss a~~cil distributes all in which the A·th· rganizations itself, is of the money to e 0 
more efficient. all th time that's spent 

"It's absurd e 

[ WArn. pt!p: II 1 

TuE*GuARDIAN GO "CURE 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTL~OO:K:.. _____ ~ _____ _ 

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 

eligible students who 
• Percent of "'s A Selections. voted In last yea. • . . 

aficionado 

, 

for the A·,S. presidential crown 

HARRY 
. ering while get-tudying bioengme !'tics 

. Ived in UCSD po I , 
..... College junior H~rry 

living, breathing Jug-
. i1e campaigning as ~ glin~ a iaJ candidate for next year s 

'1 Khanna must also A .S. Councl, osition as A.S. 
handle hi.s curr~ta~ademic affairs, 
vice presl~ent fthe Karaoke Club. 
act as presl~ent~. Pi Kappa Alpha 
socialize With IS

nd ct research at ' tv and co u 
fraterm.., I ' Jacobs Retina the Toan and rwm 

Center. be over-
While others may h dule 

d b such a sc e • 
whelme, . y . act is stili going 
Khannas Jugglmg d 'ng to Khanna. 

In fact, accor L • I 
strong... li his extracurncu ar maintatnlOg a 

CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

. . 11 w him to handle 
activilles WI." a. ~ as president with his prospective JO I 

. e and contro . . 
expenenc Lf that sen -

"I don't take ~dys~A S can get 
I " Khanna sal. .. I ful 

ous y, h' k it will be he p 
heated and ~: ;~uation with light-
to defuse t bility to have hearted ness and an a 

fun." . Khanna, his late, Accordl~g :0 is based on three 
Student VOice.,. d access 

I . 'ples' Improve genera prtnCI .. . student govern -
to higher educat~o~d improvement 
ment autonomy, )' ate ext year, 
of the ca~pus c I~ew~ite some of 
Khanna Wishes ~~ h are broken and the A.S. rules w IC 

[ KHANNA. page 13] 

r 



-. 

10 FOCUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, APRil 3, 2006 

New Technology Makes Studying More Wiki, Less Wicked 
By Vladimir Kogan 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Political science professor Thad 
Kousser is generally seen by his stu-
dents as one of the more tech-savvy 
faculty members: Each lecture is 
accompanied by Power Point slides, 
which he posts on his Web site. 
along with other interesting links 
and updates. However, as they pre-
pared for his California politics final 
last quarter. the students turned to 
a technological innovation of their 
own. 

As they began studying. some 
classmates received a mysterious e-
mail directing them to a Web site 
on Wikipedia. the well-known user-
edited online encyclopedia. 

"Let[']s compile our answers," the 
ite began. "The ultimate goal is to 

add to each otherl's] answers - cram 
with as much detail as possible:' 

For college students. whose world 
in recent years has been invaded 
by the dominance of Facebook and 
Google, the experience suggests that 
there may be something new on the 
disruptive-technology horizon: the 
wiki. 

Short for "wiki wiki; an adjec-
tive for something "quick~ or "fast" 
in the native Hawaiian language, the 
word describes a kind of easily edit-
able Web site praised for its ability to 
allow groups to collaborate digitally. 

"There's no secret knowledge in 
my class. and anything that puts more 
information out there for students is 
a good tliing; said Kousser. who was 
not aware of the sitl!' his students 
created until an interview with the 
Guardian last week. Students in other 
classes also reported using similar 
wiki study gUides. 

Despite their current popularity 
with computer geeks. however, wikis 
are only now starting to enter the 
world of higher education. 

"The wiki allows for faculty to 
do many things that faculty have 
always been interested in doing." said 
Jonah Bossewitch, a technology and 
programmer analyst at Columbia 
University's Center for New Media 
Teaching and Learning 

The center. which works to incu-
bate new technology at the university, 
has helped several faculty members 
set up class wiki sites. And doctoral 
students have even used wiki§ to split 
up their research and then collabo-
rate on the fmal product, Bossewitch 
said. One particularly attractive fea-

t~e is that almost anyone can make a 
wiki. even if they don't know HTML. 
the language used to build regular 
Web sites. 

However. the wiki's biggest 
strength - the ability of many strang-
ers to share information - may also 
be its weakness. 

"To be honest, my take on wikis 

like Wik.ipedia is that it's an experi-
ment with democracy and knowl-
edge sharing," said Mike Franks, 
a programmer with UCLA's social 
sciences division, who is working 
on developing the wiki technology 
for professor use at the university. 
"My personal view is that I don't 
trust the world; I trust the group I 
work with." 

For example, the study gUide for 
Kousser's class alJowed all visitors 
to make changes. with no way to 
identify the contributors other than 
through their IP addresses (this 
writer even made an edit. in hopes 
of contacting the site's creator). At a 
top- rate university, where students 
often feel like they're competing 
with others, that freedom may be 
dangerous. 

"As it does everything, the 
Internet takes old study techniques 
and amplifies their advantages and 
disadvantages." said Kousser, point-
ing out that he found several errors 
in the notes on the page. "I think stu-
dents should consider the risks and 
benefits of doing wiki study groups, 
in the same way they consider the 
risks and benefits of regular study 
groups." 

Last year. Wikipedia found itself 
faced with similar problems when it 
appeared in headlines of the nation's 
biggest newspapers, which reported 
thaI congressional staffers edited the 

. . 

S1 AFFERS· ·WANTED. 

wiki pages of politicians to remove 
embarassing information. 

The flfSt entry on the encyclope-
dia's rules page is "ignore all rules." 
(It's often coupled with a corollary: 
"Don't be a dick.") It's unclear wheth-
er these will be adequate as the lech-
nology is adapted for university use. 

For thewikis his center has worked 
on, Bossewitch said few ethical prob-
lems emerged, largely because the 
sites were designed to create a record 
of ediu that kept individual users 
responsible. 

·We have not had any incidences 
of malicious or adversarial competi-
tion," he said. ·Quite the opposite: 
People are producing much bett"r 
work. in light of the fact that other 
people are going to be looking at it." 

Then there's of course the peren-
nial freerider problem. 

"I don't think it can be sustained, 
because of the nIlio of contributiona 
to freeloaders" said Kai Xue. the Sixth 
College sophomore who made the 
page for Kousser's class. "It was basi-
cally one person giving a gift to many 
others, with nothing in return. I don't 
think in the next class, that person 
will be so generous." 

Wikis raise other issues, as well: 
Though professors may welcome stu-
dent collaboration in study groups, 
the same might not be true for class 
assignments, ~ math or chemistry 
problem sets. For these, Bossewitch 

thinks that "wikis are probably nol 
the perfect solution, but they can play 
a part." And it's unclear whether the 
emergence of new technology will 
force universities to reconsider cur-
rent academic codes of conduct. 

"I don'l think I wikis] raise any 
more academic honesty questions 
than simply sharing class notes; 
Kouaser said. "AU students have the 
responsibility to know what aca-
demic dishonesty is, and not do 
to it." 

Either way, it seems unlikely that 
wikis will replace actual studying til 
the near future. Kousser estimates 
that someone who knew everything 
on the wiki study guide would have 
been prepared for only roughly 66 
percent of the questions on his fmal. 
According to Franks. there are also 
some technical challenges to creat-
ing systems that can accommodate 
hundreds of classes and thousands 
of usera. as is necessary for a campus 
the size of UCSD. 

As for the ethics involved. there is 
the -W-w Pn~r; an adaplation of the 
"Serenity Pn~r" often used by 12-
step addiction programs. Bossewitch 
induda it on a poster he uses to 
demonstrate the potential wikis have 
II a pedaaosical tool: "Please. grant 
me the serenity to accept I the pages 
h:mnot edit I The courage to edit 
the pages ] can I And the wisdom to 
bow the difference." 

... 

Guardian spring recruitment. Library Walk, Apr~ ,10-15. 
Paid Advertisement 

How Can I Make UCSD Better For YOU? 
www.Vote4Bryce.com 

. Vote At TritonLink 

MONIlAV, APRtl 3, 2006 

On the Docket: Bill of Rights 
and Refurbished Tutoring 

• WArn, from page 9 
going 10 all the college councils to 
raise money." he said. aWe're going to 
cut all the red tape to make it incred-
ibly easy to bold events on campus." 

The second pledge of the Watts 
campaign is to phase out A.S. sena-
tors from individual colleges and 
replace them with senators elected 
campuswide. He cited the upcoming 
A.S. election as an example of the 
flaws in the current system, noting 
that the three students running for 
the three John Muir College senato-
rial seats might not represent their 
respective classes, but will be auto-
matically elected anyway. Watts plans 
to market his proposal as a "com-
mon-sense" plan which will consoli-
date campus politics. 

His third pledge is to amend the 
A.S. Constitution to include a ·stu-

for a special election in which a 
slim majority of students voted to 
overturn the regulations. 

"A.S. should not be in the busi-
ness of deciding what can or carmot 
be shown on SRTY,' Watts said. "The 
administration is gradually ceding 
ground, and eventually the station will 
be back:' 

In recent weeks, Watts has made 
.disputed assertions that his efforts con-
tributed to the administration's deci-
sion to restore funding for Office of 
Academic Support and Instructional 
Services, a student-run tutoring pro-
gram. As presidenl, he plans t01iupple-
menl OoA-S.I.S. with a new A.S. ser-
vice modeled after the Warren College 
Writing Center, which will provide 
academic aid to students and intern-
ship credit to tutors. 

Watts had harsh criticisms for 

to see no one 
fix these things. I want 
to leave this school in 

his opponent 
regarding the A.S. 
Council's deci-
sion to grant more 
travel funding to 
Khanna's fratemi-
ty, Pi Kappa Alpha. 
than is normally 
allowed under 
A.S. rules through 
a technicality. good hands."· 

dents' bill of rights 
modeled after that 
in the federal 
Constitution. The 
bill of rights will 
include amend-
ments to pro-
tect free speech, 
equal protection 
and the right of 
campus religiOUS 
organizations to 
receive A.S. fund-
ing. which Watts 
said is being 
threatened by the 

aWiII he repre-
- Daniel Watts, sent the students 

Earl Warren College Senior or will he repre-
sent his frat?" 
Watts said. "That's 

University of California. 
A.S. Vice President of Academic 

Affairs Harry Kharma. the only other 
candidate for president, criticized 
Watts' proposals as hollow "feel-
good" pandering to the voters. 

"He has no concrete ideas on how 
to do them or what the implications 
are," Kharma said. "A students' bill of 
rights won't do anything to stop the 
administration. II has no substance 
to it." 

With the support of his slate, 
Tritons United!. Watts vowed he will 
accomplish most of his campaign 
goals within the first five weeks of 
taking office. These five weeks are 
his only window of opportunity, 
he said, because after tnat coun-
ci� members become unproductive 
"A.S. robots." 

Watts is probably best known 
for his role in the Student-Run 
Television shutdown. It was the 
unscheduled broadcast of Watts' 
interview with amateur pornog-
rapher Steve York that prompted 
officials 10 initially shut down the 
station last year. citing A .S. resolu-
tions that banned York and por-
nography from SRTV. Later, Watts, 
among others, gathertd signatures 

a question students have to ask them-
selves." 

Khanna objected to Watts' conclu-
sions on his relation to a fraternity. 

"Watts has taken the issue and 
completely distorted it in a way that 
makes him look good and the entire 
Greek system look bad; Khanna 
said of the additional funding . "I 
spoke out against it. Of course I'm 
going to represent the students." 

Khanna denounced this attack as 
another ·one of Watts' political tactics. 
Watts has also tried to get a second 
person named Harry Kharma on the 
presidential ballot to confuse the vot-
ers. Khanna said. 

-I can list eight things Watts has 
done in the last two weeks that violat-
ed the rules of the election; Khanna 
said. "This guy will do anything and 
say anything to get elected." 

The outcome of next wedt's elec-
tion has major implications for Watts' 
future. If he wins, he will hold office in 
his sixth year at UCSD and graduate in 
June 2007. If he loses. he said he will 
graduate at the end of this quarter. 

"It's so frustrating for five years 
to see no one fix these things; Watts 
said. "I want to leave this school in 
good hands." 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

summer travel, study abroad Be more 
Sample roundtrip Student Airfares from .. n DIego to: 

San Francisco t117 London $H1 
,... fIIIttI: 
Atlanta t270 Sydney t1D55 

VlIIt ~ for cheep student.war. 
on I!IIjor ...,. to 1.000 deItII'IMIonI KrOll the us 

... .-aund the MI1d. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

• Over 1,200 day and evening courses 
to choose from 

• No formal admission to CSULB required 
• Earn units toward your degree 

Three Summer Sessions: 
Session 1 ...... , .. ~ . . . .. May 30-July 7 
Session 2 ......... , .... June ·19-July i8 
Session 3 ..... _ ...... July 100August 18 

FOCUS 11 

Open registration 
begins April 10 Call: (800) 963-2250 ext. 60001 

for more information. 

www.uces.csulb.edu/openu 
email: openu@Uces.csulb.edu 

j)~~ 
CIIIb .... SI* VIIMully, lGag Bmdt 

REMEMBER: THE ADS ARE FOR REAL 
Please patronize our loyal supporters 

The business staff of the nl5\RF.~~GuARnIAN 

BIG BUCKS 
AT SELL-BACK 
Sell YOur books to us! 

Hern a small sample 01 
UCSD Bookstore selllJack pflces 

Students have saved 
over $11 million so far! 
Other ways to get your 
share of savings 
this year: 
• TONS of used texts 
• HUNDREDS qf new 
text discounts 

s •• _re ....... e .... 1 ••• , Ilbl' 1I1III11Isl ... 



. , 

J 

J 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

EVENTS 
Free live acoustic shows, Thursdays 
through Sundays, 7-1Opm, HOT JAVA 
CAFt 11738 Carmel Mountain Road, 
San Diego 858-673-7111 . See our cal-
endar of events on myspace-we have 
featured some of San Diego and LA's 
hottest acoustic acts. We are a great 
place to study, as we feature free high 
speed will Internet access. great coffees, 
teas, boba teas, appetizers, sandwiches 
and sweets. (4/6) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Eyeblink Study - Males needed, 18-35, 
rt-handed, drug free, no psychiatric his-
tory. Earn upto $26O! Call 619-543-2314. 
M-F, 9-4. UCSDMC. (4/3) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Walker for my American Eskimo dog, 
flex ible campus daytime and UTC/week-
ends. Pay negotiable. References of 
responsibility essential. 858-822-1235. 
(4/3) 

Students; House Manager positions 
available. 15-19 hours/week, S9/hour. 
Transport, set-up, teardown, mainte-
nance and storage of equipment for 
daily operations, University Center. 
Apply at applyforit.ucsd.edu. ('1m 

Fun Part time Event & Game staff need-
ed. Interactive Game Rental Company 
for Corporate Parties & Events. Fun 
working environment. Will train. 858-
622-6613 www.PartyPals.com (4/3) 

Summer D., Camps - L.A. Area. 
Swimming, horses, sports, arts and 
crafts, beaches, ropes courses, and much 
more www.daycampjobs.com. (5/30) 

R_.rdlng Summer Job,- L.A. A ..... 
Gain valuable experience while working 
with children in a variety of fun settings 
www.daycampjobs.com. (S/30) 

Gymnastics instructors wanted - Solana 
8each, elementary-aged children. Pays 
$8-14/hr., experience/productivity/per-
sonality matter. Hours available Mon.-
Thurs. afternoons, Sat. mornings. 858-
481-4966 or www.trcgymnastics.com 
(4120) 

Summer Day Camp Counselors Needed! 
Stay here in San Diego; Drive a camp 
van to and from camp in Rancho 
Penasquitos (just east of Carmel Valley). 
Make a difference in the life of a child! 
858-487-6000, www.outpostsummer-

S L':\ 1 \ 1 rI~ () I 
YOUR LlII ~ 

CA:\.IP \VAY'I 
I'()R CIRI S 

Childrens' sleep-away camp, 
Northeast Pennsylvania 

(6/17-8/13/06). If you love 
children and want a caring, fun 

environment we need 
Directors and Instructors for: 

Tennis, Swimming (W.S.1. 
preferred), Golf, Gymnastics, 
Cheerleading, Drama, High ok 

Low Ropes, Team Sports, 
Waterskiing, Sailing, 

Painting/Drawing, Ceramics, 
Sil.kscreen,· Printmaking, Batik, 

Jewelry, Ca\ligraphy, 
Photography, Sculpture, 

Guitar, Aerobics, SeIf·Defense, 
Video, Piano. Other staff: 

Administrative/Driver (21+), 
Nurses (RN's and Nursing 

Students), Bookkeeper, 
Mothers' Helper. 

Select The Camp That 
Selects The Best Staff! 

ON-CAMPUS INTERVIEWS 
APRIL 9th. Call 1-800-279-3019 

or apply oa-lliae at 
1DWtD.~ ... COIft 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN . 

TuE~RoIAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Guordion rewrws the right to clauify, edit. delete oIrenllve WOlds .00 pharws, 
MdlOf refuse any and all adwrtl_ without prior notiIIcatlon. The Adwrtiser will not 
hold the GuordiDn I~ for any c~ms resulting from the publk.tlon of the adwrtlsement. 
The publisher will also not be held account.t>le for any claim frOfn an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the IlI!xt 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 ..... 20 __ 
Faculty & Staff: $7'SO ..... 20 __ 

All others: $12 per 20 __ 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

regul.r issue, .11 errors must be reported by the corresponding dNdlllll!. Credit will only be . $20.80 per column Inch 
given for the Incorrect portion of the adwrtlsement. There are no refunds for cancellations. De ... lnet: 
PIMM MIld ai, ~.spo"""lCe ......... CIusIfIMs to: Pub. 001. DispIoy Ads Line Ads 
ueso G ........... Attn: CIauIfIecIt, 1500 GIIoun Driw 10',6, La ...... CA '209'. Mon.. ..... MOIl 1 ... • ..... MOIIIl .. 
Actual location: Studente_A. Room 217. Thun. ...... lH'... • ..... :nt, ... 

email: ildsucsdguardun@Yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org . 

camps.com (4/27) 

A+SuBS 
needs someone to spend late after-
noons with 2-yr. old son. S 1 Olhour, 
10-12 hourslwk between 2:oopm-
6:00pm. Previous chlldcare experience 
preferred. If Interested, please email 
kimang75@yahoo.com. (4/6) 

MONDAY, APRlt 3, 2006 

PrIme rooftop location, 1 br /1 ba condo. 
Private, pool view, light and bright, 
vault@<! ceilings and skylights. 2-car 
garage. $324-$3591<. 760-458-0797. (4/3, 
13,24,514) 

WANTED 
WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000-$15000 for qualified, 
responsible applkants. All ethnic back-
grounds wekome. Special Need for 
jewish, Asian, and East Indian donors. 
Close personal support by experienced 
donor. Call Dawn @ 951-696-7466. Full 
info at www.fertilltyalternatives.com 
(618) 

SERVICES 
ActorlModel portfolios by local experi-
enced photographer. Affordable pack-
ages! Jumpstart your career. 858-822-
9280. (4/6) Preschool substitutes, 

aides & teachers. All 
areas, full time, flexible 

part time hours. 

$725-$1050 hourly 
~IIJ.ckl 

(858)565-2144 

ut.guard/WSI. The City of La Mesa's 
Municipal Pool is accepting applica-
tions for Lifeguards and Water Safety 
Instructors. CertifICations are required. 
Applkation deadline Is April 21, 2006. 
Applications are available at La Mesa 
Pool, 5100 Memorial Drive, La Mesa, 
California 91941. Call (619) 667-1494 for 
additional information. (4/6) 

Pool & Landscape Cleaning & 
Maintenance at the new Canyonview 
pool. Shifts available between Sam-12 
noon, Mon.-Sun. Minimum shift is 2 
hours, 8-19 hrslweek. Must be UCSD 
student. ·See Job /I 619065 at careers. 
ucsd.edu or call 534-6035. (4/13) 

Childcare for 1 y.o. Must be available . Tennis @ Noon - USPTR Instructor will 
7am to 2pm Mondays OR Thursdays. meet you at the Muir Courts for a 'IS 
Flexible evening and weekend work. min. lesson any time between 11 -2, M-
References and experience required. F. UCSD special: 1 or 2 players $20. Cali 
$10/hr. Contact cdkatzl964@yahoo. 619-787-5475 (4127) 

Day Camps - San Fernando I Conejo 
Valleys. Counselors, Lifeguards, Gym, 
Fishing, Canoeing, Horseback Riding. 
Music, Drama, More. $3000-$3600+ I 
summer. 888-784-CAMP, www.workat-
camp.com (S/8) 

Bookkeeper, La Jolla Co. 20hrlwlt flex 
schedule. Duties- payroll, reconcile, gen. 
admin, & light phones. QukkBooks & 
excel exPo a plus. Reliable, detail@<! a 
must. Great environment. $lOh Of DOE. 
8S8-4S4-195lx.128. (4/3) 

love music? love money? .. CTRAX'I 
UCSD Campus Marbtl", MaMgert 
$10/hr. More Info about this cool, flexi-
ble job at www.cdigix.comlcilmpusjobs. 
asp (4/10) 

PsJchoIoDISodoIogJ student(s) need-
ed to gather research for book topics. 
Good pay, Short term work. Contact 
WTR at 760-726-1293. Leave message. 
(4/6) 

HELP 
WANTED 

Pay staning at 
$1725 .... ,Appt 
Flexible s~hedules, will 
train, conditions apply, 
no expo req., all majors. · 
Openings in La Jolla. 

Apply at 
www.wortfDtstudau.com 

760-'42-1223 

~ 
. ~ 

............... '.'1. 
........ 

lira ........ 
Immedilte openiIgIl RtIIIII experience 
()( experience .... chiIdIwI pnIfIned. 

PIIt ............. /loin. Af/I'At In pnon ()( ctlhloclllon __ you. 

---71150 GiInI ... LI ........ 4441 
,..._1111 ....... 1II'-~ 
..... ___ ,117 

Telemarketers needed. Flexible 
day and evening hours. Hourly + 
commission =excellent pay. Friendly, fun 
work environment. Call Scott, 858-792-
1041, email sjohnson@hklending.com 
(4/6) 

.. a Dell Campus ..., - ..", $121hr. 
Make your own hours and gain amazing 
experience for your resume! Position 
starts immedlately.To apply, go to: 
Repnatlon.comldell (4/6) 

Need CHllDCARE on Monday and Weds. 
in Carmel Valley home fOf an enthu-
siastic 'almost 4' year old. $9/hr. Call 
858-481 -3438 or email references to 
galihundOsan.rr.com. (413) 

Professional mom In Clairemont area 

CROSSWORD 

ACIOSS 
1 · Brad of 'Troy' 
5 Drop dramotically 
9 Grassland 
14 SooIhi,,!! balm 
15 Sort! of the LPGA 
16 Umenli"!! 
17 Slart of a quip 
20 eo ...... 1 
21 Tlatrlcal ~ 
22 t....,. of the RyUtyu lllands 
26 §wi. rIv. 27 '600 _, zone 
30 Port 2 of cpp 
33 E. BllIoo's .... 
34 SoufIBn ........... 
35 s.nd noweI 

com. 

FOR RENT 
Spacious 3-Bedroom tri-level townhouse 
near Gilman, U Village Square available 
September. 2-car garage, washerldryer, 
poollspa S2400/month. Call 858-792-
6453. (4/3) 

3, 4, 5-bedroom house/town houses 
for rent near UCSO. Available July. 2-
car garage, washerldryer & appliances, 
community pool. Call James. 858-354-
2106 ()( email jamesleerentalSOSbcglo 
bal.net. (4/6) 

3-bedroom near UTC. UCSD, available 
September. Washer & dryer includ-
ed. Near bus line, Sl950/month. Call 
(858)792-5934. (4/13) 

FOR SALE 
Economics 2nd edition .for all Econ 1, 2, 
3-$6S-good condition. Email klleoucsd. 
edu Of call 619-793-6988 (4/10) 

36~ 
40 Va_'s nickname 
43 Perfonned 

44~ 
47 Port 3 of quip 
52 Sis'l sib 
53 Aftomoon social 
54 .CooIer-up lleo 
55 Mormwllan epoch 
58 Grippe 
59 End of quip 
65 a... .. suNce 
66 581 ....... 
67 Celloitl 
.. NeMIuI 
" 1950 70 "-1IddN. __ 

PERSONALS 
Ad..,.,.,s Movie Trivia. back for the 
Spring Quarter. Hopefully this one's 
Google-proof (and maybe a softball lob), I 
here Is your question: The restaurant 
where Joanna works In 'Office Space' 
Is based on what popular chain? Be the 
IIrst to email answers to mfoulksOucsd. 
edU and your wildest dreams will come 
true. (4/3) 

The newly single, multi-tasking pop 
singer Jessica Simpson Is looking into 
adopting a child. Hopefully Jessica's 
nanny, who will have the baby 95% 
of the time, will know the difference 
between Gerber tuna and Gerber chkk-
en. (4/3) 

Gentle ne\\( age singer Yanni was recent-
ly charged with (and cleared of) domes-
tic battery against his girlfriend. In other 
news, John Tesh will appear on next 
Saturday'.s episode of Cops. (4/3) 

DOWN 
1 _-10 cont..rence 
2 Woridwido! worIceB' grp. 
3 Vacationi,,!! 1IaVt!Ier 
• l_ 
5 DiSlant 
6 Back of _Iionl 
7 louie in a car 
8 0sIe 
9 Firmly 
10 Cry out loud 
11 W.,..".. sIoro!house 
12 Disencumber 
13 _ va- (God willing) 
18 Melt 
19 Genesis character 
22 An::haic abbr. 
23 Beer dispenser 
24 Corne apinl 
25 Oynomic Introl 
28 Biblical lion 
29 _ culpa (Sony 'bout !hat) 
31 H...",.". on 'Taxi ' 
32 Affirmative ~ 
36 Feel unwell 
37 Trial balloon 
38 Five Iller four 
39 NeIvous 
40 FI<M"s portner 
41 Bi8 ~ CA 
42 _ fizz (cocklail) 
44 UpeeIIi"!! 
45 Banleship It!I1I!rs 
46 O.T. book 
... VOUI1(I adult 
49 HafNard 
50 DetermIne we.,. by IIfti,,!! 
51 SUI ...... looIcIns 
S6 1IeIIIIance ... 
57 Grand,. 
59 FDII's lui V.P. 
60 ILii. _ (50s siopn) 
61 School of thoutjIt 
62 Hair IlOO 
63 Sultry 
64 HWaI'-" 
See SOlUTIONS on ~ 1. 

~DAY,AAUl3,2006 

Engineering Background 
Gives Problem-Solving Savvy 
• KHANNA, from page 9 
contradictory." 

In light of this past controversial 
year for the A.S. Council, Khanna 
discusled some of this year's biggest 
issues, including the Student-Run 
Television shutdown. 

"The biggest thing that we can 
take away from this scandal is that 
we, as students, must be united in 
the struggle for student control,· 
Khanna said, noting that the admin-
istration's "appropriate use policy· 
for Triton Cable is "dangerous.· 

"They're removing SRTV [from] 
the students' jurisdiction and put-
ting it.in hands of acting Assistant . 
Vice Chancellor of Student Life 
Gary R. Ratcliff," he said . "This is no 
longer a debate about porn versus 
no porn. Now we are talking about 
student control versus no student 
control. And that is something we 
can all be united about." 

In light of the financial conflict 
surrounding the Office of Academic 
Support and Instructional Services 
and Gov. Arnold Schwanenegger's 
new budget, which haa compro-
mised student outreach, Khanna 
plans to promote minority-student 
access to UCSD. He emphasized 
his general campaign principles, 
which include the use of lobbying 
as a mechanism to improved higher 
education access. 

"It is most effective to send del-
egates to lobby visits where they can 
speak intelligently on the issues and 
point out how, by preventing access 
to higher education, the government 
is ultimately hurting the state econ-
omy in the future,· Khanna said. 

According to the Undergraduate 
Student Satisfaction and Experience 
report, released this fall, students 
are dissatisfied with social and cul-
tural life on campus. Khanna said 
that the main thing compromising 

student sociaIlife i. the lack of 24-
hour venues on campul. 

"I think it would mm a huge 
difference if hang-out spots like cof-
fee shops, lounges ana even a library 
were open," Khanna said. "It doesn't 
cost that much to staff those places 
and I think students could really 
benefit from it." 

Moreover, Khanna points out 
that there is a lack of "campus-uni-
fying" events. 

"The Unolympics 'in the begin-
ning of each new year creates a 
college-versus-college rivalry that 
doesn't even live on throughout the 
rest of the year," he said. "There 
is nothing during Welcome Week 
that promotes UCSD as a whole. 
Freshmen get free college shirts but 
aren't given any free UCSD shirts. 
I think it is important to promote 
UCSD unity right in the beginning 
as a freshman when everyone's still 
eager and willing.· 

Khanna said that his experience 
is what truly sets him apart from 
his opponent, Earl Warren College 
senior Daniel Watts. 

"A lack of experience makes it 
difficult to fight effectively against 
the administration,· Khanna said. 
"Watts is skillful at detecting prob-
lems, [butl due to his lack of experi-
ence, he has no concrete ideas on 
how to fix them." 

A college chameleon, Khanna 
hopes to apply aLI of his varied expe-
rience to the job of A.S. president. 
And while some may believe ~hat 
political science is the most suitable 
background for the job, Khanna 
thinks that his bioengineering stud-
ies prepare him for It. 

"An engineer is a judicious prob-
lem solver,· he said. "A.S. clearly has 
some problems right now and I've 
been trained to solve these prob-
lems." 

THE udo GUARDIAN FOCUS 13 

UCSD Extension provides you with practical 
knowledge and job skills to take you into the 

~real" working world. 

Extension Can 
Benefit You: 
• Enhance your resume 
• Network with 

professionals 
Learn from local 
industry experts 
Explore different career 
opportunities 

Complnnmt Jour tkgru 
with UCSD Extension! 

Ideal Programs for 
Undergraduates: 

Paralegal Program 
Marketing 
Real Estate 

• Meeting Management & 
Special Event Planning 
Drug Discovery & 
Development . 
Programming Languages 
New Product 
Development 

• Accounting & Finance 
• Project Management 

~.:, F"~d"t.l S t ud .. n t Lon"," 

Coagre:ss moves to cut 
Student Loan Funding. 

The SIdI1t U. II ~ •• I'IriIbIe .. 
...... <lM - s.. neJlllP*d m.t 
.... ...-6.K 
TIm ... PUJS L«* ilcuMly. al'lrilblelllt 

As rl July I, DJ6, inmst raa on 
SIaft'ord aud PLUS bins will 
incIaIse k> a fixed raIc. 

Clf6.I ... ne ....... iIId_wil.,.lS'J,. 
AIl ___ il."1D1oct1l6c 
.. ,-. ............. ...,-. 
)IIII ....... ,.FaaI ... ~bdGIe)Oll .. 1I1d 
•• Wyla_.-l 

Consolidation Features 
• Lock In • Low FIud inttrIsI IN 
, No pnMIIIIing fee to tppIicInb 
• One -.lent '-' monthly fIIYII*'II 
• EJCtendId ~ \Wmt up to 30,.., 

S3O,OOO.(IO S50,000.00 1100,000.00 

._ .... -._ .... _-..... 

.... _-_ ... _ ... 

............... ,..,.. 

Speak to. Specialist ---....... 
1-800-482-4262 
........... -.....--
KMhleen L Koomidc x243 
..... , ..... tII " .... 

Alfredo Pwk x285 
• $ $ L •••• " '3 .. 
~--- www.hanastudentioan.com 

Hana Financial Inc. 
~-.....- -----........ -.......... , . 
........ c.sWl1 _ ... "'_ 

... 



• I 

Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

THE~GUARDIAN week of APRIL 3 TO 9 14 

MONAPRIL3 
ARTS 

ROIIIII Nights, at Espresso Roma in the Price 
Center. Jamie Robb performs, 8-9pm. 

CAREER 
C.reer Peer EducMOfS Progr.m Info 
SessIon, 12-12:3Opm at the Career Services 
Center. 

LECTURE 
MAudemk Freedom Alter 9111· - UC 
Berkeley's History Professor, Beshara 
Doumani, lectures on Monday, April 3rd, 
in HSS Room 4025 at 4:30PM. Presented by 
UCSD's Middle East Studies Program. 

CLASSES 
UCSD Cr.Its Center Spring Querter 
Reglstrltion. Come to the Crafts Center 
to sign up for non-credit classes in Glass, 
Neon, Jewelry, Beadmaking, Guitar, 
CeramiCS, and much more! Registration all 
week from Monday, April 3 to Friday, April 
7, loam·5pm and Saturday, April 8 loam-
2pm. Located in 'the Old Student Center 
on the lower deck of the Grove Caffe. For 
more information: call (858) 534-2021 or 
visit www-crafts.ucsd.edu 

TUESAPRIL4 
CAREER 

Andl", en Internship or Part·nme Job, 
11 am-12:15pm at the Career Services 
Center. 

calendar@ucsd 
On-Campus Interviewing Orientation, 1-
2pm at the Career Services Center. 

CLASSES 
UCSD Crlfts Center Spring Querter 
IIIglstmion continues. Sign up at the 
Crafts Center (in the Old Student Center 
on the lower deck of the Grove Caffe) or 
call (858) 534-2021. 

RECREATION 
UEFA ChIImpIons Lugue etlntlmetlonel 
House-Any soccer/football fanatics out 
there? It's the second leg of the quarter-
finals with survival in the tournament on 
the line. 11 :3Dam in the Great Hall, refresh· 
ments provided. For info contact Greg at 
ihouse@ucsd.edu 

WED APRIL 5 
CAREER 

Prepering for MedIceI School, Hpm at 
the Career Services Center. 
Resume WrItIng for Intemlilips end 
,.rt 11II1II Jobs, 5~: 1 5pm at the Career 
Services Center. 

CLASSES 
UCSD enlts Center SprI'" Querter 
RetlstretIon continues. Sign up at the 
Crafts Center (in the Old Student Center 
on the lower deck of the Grove Caffe) or 
call (858) 534-2021. 

RECREATION 
UEFA ChIImpions lHgue lit 1ntenwtioI .. 1 
House, semlflnels contillUL 11 :3oam in 

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 
the Great Hall, refreshments provided. 

SOCIAL EVENT 
ReveIe SprIng ~ ~ 11 pm on Revelle 
Plaza. Come boogie for the last Revelle 
quarterly dance of the school year! FREE 
PIZZA &. GLOWSnCKSI! 

SPORTS 
SoftbeII vs. Cal State San Bernardino, 1 
and 3pm at Triton Softball Field. 
Men's VoIIeJNI vs. Cal Baptist. 7pm at 
RIMAe. 

THURs APRIL 6 
CAREER 

UCDC Info 5euIon, 12:30-1 :3Opm at the 
Career .Services Center. 
On-Cempus IlIte .... lllg OrIentetion, 2-
3pm at the Career Servtces Center. 

CLASSES 
UCSD Cnfts Center SprI", Querter 
RegiIta.tion continues. Sign u", at the 
Crafts Center (In the Old Student Center 
on the lower deck of the Grove Caffe) or 
call (858) 534-2021. • 

LECTURE 
UCSD Center for Humenltlel pre-a 
"l1Ie CIty" series, seven lectures on the 
space that shapes our lives. Professor 
Marcel Henaff of UCSO's literature Dept. 
speaks on "Toward the Global City: 
Monument. Machine, Network." 7:30pm in 
Pepper Canyon Hall, Rm. 106. 

FRI APRIL 7 
CAREER 

UCDC Info s.uton. 12:30-1 :3Opm at the 
Career Services'Center. 

CLASSES 
UCSD (qfts Center SprI", Querter 
ReghU.1kM ~. Sign up at the 
Crafts Center (in the Old Student Center 
on the lower deck of the Grove Caffe) or 
call (858) 534-2021. 

SPORTS 
Baseball vs. Cal Poly Pomona, 2pm at 
Triton Field 

SAT APRIL 8 
SPECIAL EVENT 

The 28th annual UCSD 2006 Culturel 
~ will be held at Thurgood 
Marshall College, 11 am-Spm. A fun filled 
day of music, games, celebration and 
much more. There will be delicious ethnic 
food, exciting performances and even a 
kids lone. This year the theme is "Colors 
of Culture: 

SPORTS 
Women'I Tennis VS. Cal State LA. 11 am at 
Northvlew tennis courts. 

SUN APRIL 9 
SOCIAL EVENT 

fusion 2006, presented by the Multi-Asian 

ucst) oepts~ RlNlVII your 
weekly listings! Go to 

www.ucsdguardian.org 
and lin\( to 'Calendar" 
t)£I\OUN[: Wed. 4pm 

Student Association. Hip Hop dance com-
petition teaturlng 9 competing teams and 
6 exhibitions, including 2 cultural acts. 
Trophy and cash prizes to be awarded. 
Open to the public. 6-1 Opm at RIMAe. S 13 
at UCSD Box OffIce, S 1 5 at door. 

WEEKLY 
RELIGIOUS 

Experlellce Church Differently- Services 
Sundays 11 am In the International Center. 
www.ExperlenceChurchDifferently.com 
US GFInts AppIIcetIons: ffft MoMyI - If 
you have an academic project requiring 
funding, stop by the US Grants office (PC, 
3rd fir) for an application. Or, download 
an application and guidelines from the 
US Grants web site at http://as.ucsd.edul 
servlces/usgrants/. Expenses related to 
travel or computer parts are excluded. 
Application deadline: April 14th ., 1.pm. 

CrosswordSolutions 

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN SPORTS 15 

Warrior Bats, Triton Pitching Lead 
Cal State Stanislaus to 3-1 Series Win 
~ BASEBAlL, from page 16 
Ourket, but provided no relief, instead hitting 
his first batter, who came around to score. San 
Filippo was pulled without recording an out. 
Senior Brendan Kruse came'!n to close out the 
game and gave up three runs, two earne~ in 
his one inning of work. I ' 

While the Triton pitching was abysmal in 
three of the games versus Stanislaus, a stellar 
outing from senior southpaw Jose Navarro 
gave UCSD its lone win in the series on 
April \. Navarro allowed three runs in seven 
innings to pick up his sixth win of the year. He 
allowed seven hits and three walks, but struck 
out more than one batter per inning with \0 
for the game. 

Navarro's gem would have been for naught 
without first baseman Matt Cantele's impres -
sive afternoon. The freshman, who has been a 
bright spot for the Tritons all year and serves 
as a good reason to expect big things out of 
UCSD basebalJ for years to come, went 3-
for-3, including two doubles, with two runs 
scored and three RBIs. 

The \ -3 record in the series drops the 
Tritons to 20-\5 overalJ and 1\ -9 in CCAA 
play. The losses should force the Tritons lower 
than No. 19 in the nationwide rankings, a 
tier they reached thanks to their impressive 

stretch of games from March 9 to 27. The 
team took two out of three games from No. 
7 Cal State Los Angeles before splitting a 
.two-game series against nonleague opponent 
Grand Canyon University. The Tritons went 
on to host then-No. \3 Cal St~te Stanislaus 
and took two out of three games before going 
3-for-4 against the NO.4 Wildcats at home. 
However, this disappointing series should 
raise the Warriors back into the top 25 and 
move the Tritons back down. 

"We came in [to the series] on a pedes-
tal coming off the big series against Chico," 
Morehead said. "We got knocked off it pretty 
qUick after that first \8-\ loss." 

The Tritons wilJ have a chance to redeem 
themselves and prove that they belong among 
the top· tier teams in Division-II baseball 
when they face Cal Poly Pomona for four 
games, two ,t home and two On the road, from 
April 6 through 8. 

Although Pomona is unranked, the team 
is a member of the CCAA, a distinction 
Morehead said counts for more than people 
think. 

"Especially in our conference, there are no 
weak teams; Morehead said. "As you can tell 
from the Stanislaus series, any team can beat 
any team in the CCAA." 

Softball Falls to Western Washington 
8-1 in Final Game of Tournament 
~ SOFTBALL, from page 16 
for the Tritons after allowing seven runs, six of 
which were eamed, on four hits in only one-third 
of an inning to begin the game. 

UCSD traveled to face Cal State Dominguez 
Hills the next day and took another pair ofrosses, 
6-\ and 3-1. The second game was another tough 
loss for the Tritons as Dominguez Hills took 
advantage of more of UCSO's sloppy defense to 
take an insurmountable lead. The Toros had no 
hits in the second inning, but scored all three 
of their runs on a hit batter, an error and two 

walks. 
The Tritons leave Thrlock with a 3-2 record 

in the tournament, bringing their season record 
to an even 18-18. 

The Tritons will continue with CCAA 
play, facing Cal State San Bernardino on 
April 5 at home and Cal State Monterey Bay 
on April 7 on the road. After returning from 
Monterey, UCSO will host No. 7 Cal State 
Bakersfield, No.8 Ca,l State Dominguez Hills 
for two games each to start an eight-game 
homestand. 

When you're ready to put your knowledge and skills to 
work in the postgraduation job market, look to California's 
leading workers' compensation insurance carrier. 
You'll find exciting career opportunities at State Fund, 
plus ongoing ways to nurture your professional 
growth-:-lnduding on-the-job training that can broaden 
your skills and improve your advancement potential. You'" 
also find an employer with a solid reputation as an ethical 
corporate citizen and partner in the community. 
Get the job that fits your skills today, plus the rewarding 
career that can meet your needs tomorrow. Visit 
www.scif.comlcareers or call us at (415) 703·7407. 

Administration 
Auditing 
Business Services 
Claims 
Communications 
Customer Service 
Finance " Accounting 
Human Resources 
Information Technology 
legal 
Loss Control 
Marketing 
Underwriting 

VISit VV\'VW sClf COllliCdlPprs "',. I ., 01,,,, ",,,., 

~lOW Sumna abroad and earn credit 
.... )'OU.- the wortdI When you choose 
• Go WIllI aA, your program includes: 
· .. ~1Iatt18V of Academic' Programs 

'.;'f1iD:auKJ personal CEA advisor 
p~ Account with 
to online planning and payment 

ofquality hou~ing options 
. 'laDlwr.al excursions 

~.tIon " full onsite 

rec8ptions 
social activities 
~....,., Jef'Vices 

ARGENTINA 

COSTA RICA 

CZECH RIPUIUC . 

INGUIID 

-" 



16 1HE~GuARDIAN Men's Tennis HOT CORNER 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Ratl Enteen 
sports@ucsdguardian.or.g SPORTS The No. 13 UCSD men's tenpis team swept two matches on Aprill, beating Division-II opponents Hawaii-Pacific and Sonoma State to improve to 8-8 on the year. The Tritons beat HPU 6-3 and the Seawolves 9-0. 
Men's Volleyball Falls to 

Top-Ranked Irvine, UCLA 
By Paul Choi 
STAFF WRITER 

Although it had a chance to shock 
some of the top teams in the coun-
try, the UCSD men's volleyball team 
couldn't pull off any up ets as it lost 
another two matches to top-ranked 
UC Irvine and No. 8 UCLA. 

With their loss on April 1 in Los 
Angeles, the Tritons fell to 1-23 for the 
season and remained winless against 
Mountain Pacific Sports Federation 
opponents in 18 attempts. The Bruins 
improved their winning streak to four 
and now stana at 16-12 overall, 8-10 
MPSF. 

At the start of the match, the 
Tritons' prospects looked promi~ing, 
coming out firing to win the first 
game 30-28. The Tritons had even 
scoring throughout the game, with 
at least four kills by seven. different 
players, including 11 by both senior 
outside hitter Jon Daze and senior 
opposite Chris Sayers. Daze tallied a 
double-double with his 10 digs, while 
sophomore Iibero Joe Sexton led the 
team with 12 digs. 

"We showed a lot of fight and it 
felt good to get the first -game win," 
Daze said "After that, our mentality 
is basically keep going. Winning the 
first game against a top team does one 
of two things: It either scares them or 
it angers them. After losing to us in 
game one, UCLA came out fired up 
and we couldn't stop them the rest of 
the match.H 

After winning the first game, UCSD 
could not repeat its performance, los-
ing the next three games 21-30, 21-30 
and 25-30. The Tritons hit at a decent 
.353 clip in the first game, but hit 
poorly the rest of the match. 

Daze said he wished the Tritons 
could have at least force.d a fifth game 
against the Bruins, like they did in 
their 2005 season finale . 

"I was just fighting:' Daze said. 
"I would have liked to beat UCLA 
as a senior, but we just couldn't get it 
together and they executed well late 

in the game:' 
While losing, the match, wmning 

the first game against one of the top 
teams in Division-I volleyball shows 
the competitiveness of UCSD volley-
ball, despite its record. 

"[The first game) shows how hard 
our guys are continuing to work; head 
coach Kevin Ring said. "Games like 
that prove that UCSD still competes 
on a very high level:' 

Senior outside hitter Damien Scott 
led the Bruins with IS kills on .s 17 hit-
ting. UCLA also had three other play-
ers reach double digits in kills, hitting 
at a .409 clip for the entire match. 

On March 30, UCSD took on the 
No. I team in the nation at Irvine, 
getting swept 23-30, 20-30 and 21-30. 
The Anteaters won their 16th game in 
a row by out-blocking, out-hitting and 
out-digging the Tritons. UCSD could 
not stop sophomore middle blocker 
Aaron Harrell, who had nine kills on 
amazing .SIS hitting. 

Irvine led 12-19 in game one when 
UCSD went on a 7-2 run to close 
within two, but the score didn't get 
any closer from there on as the Tritons 
lost 23-30. Game two had the same 
result, as the Anteaters ended an early 
6-6 tie with a 5-0 run, capped by a 
Harrell kill. Irvine continued to roll 
until another kill by Harrell ended the 
second game 20-30. The Anteaters' 
momentum carried them to an early 
1-4 lead in game three and they never 
relinquished their advantage, winning 
the game 21-30 and the match 3-0. 

Sophomore middle blocker John 
Mark Wendler and Sayers paced the 
Tritons with eight kills apiece, but the 
team unit struggled, only hitting .167. 

UCSD will be back at home 
on April 5 against the top-ranked 
school in the National Association of 
Intercollegiate Athletics, Cal Baptist. 

"Cal Baptist has foreign player~ 
that throw a different dynamic into 
the game:' Daze said. "They're in a 

. different league but we don't treat 
them any different. They're a good, 
solid team." 

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 

Warriors Pound No. 19'Tritons 

DANAI LEININGER/CUARDIAN 
The Tritons wtre outscored 44-7 in a four-game series against Cal State Stanislaus, in which they lost three out of the four match ups. 

UCSD pitchers allow 
44 runs over four 
games to give Tritons 
a 1-3 loss in series 
against Warriors. 

By Ratl Entten 
SPORTS EDITOR 

After taking three out of four 
games against league rival No. 4 
Chico State to improve its record 
and ranking, the No. 19 UCSD 
baseball team only managed 
one win in four games against 
unranked California Collegiate 
Athletic Association opponent Cal 
State Stanislaus from March 31 to 
April 2. 

Not only did the Tritons go 1-3 
in their games ~gainst the Warriors 
to lose their first conference series 
of the season, all three of their loss-
es were by margins of 10 runs or 
more. In the final game on April 2, 
Warrior pitcher Ryan McGrath shut 
out the Tritons. McGrath allowed 

only five hits and a walk while 
striking out five in his first win of 
the season. While the Triton bats 
were struggling, the Warriors had 
no problem putting runs together, 
scoring 10 on 10 hits. 

Runs came easily to the Warriors 
all wetkend. In the four-game series, 
the Warriors put together 44 runs, 
compared to UCSD's seven. Thirty-
one of the Warriors' runs came in 
their other two wins, an 18-1 killing 
on March 31 and a 13-1 beating on 
Aprill. 

"It was one of those weekends 
where we couldn't do anything right," 
junior catcher David Morehead said. 
"Both our pitching and our hitting 
just couldn't get the job done." 

The IS- 1 series-opening game 
started with the Warriors scoring 
three runs in the bottom of the 
first inning behind RBI srngles by 
right fielder Tony Marx, catcher 
Chris LeBoeff and leftfielder Brett 
Gordon. The offensive outburst 
continued as the Warriors went on 
to score four more runs in the third 
inning, two in the fourth, four in 

the fifth, one in the seventh and 
another four in the eighth for good 
measure. 

While the Warrior bats were 
largely responsible for the IS-run 
explosion, all five UCSD pitchers 
used in the game gave up earned 
runs. Freshman right-hander 
Trevor Declter started the game, 
but put away only one Cal State 
Stanislaus batter while giving up 
three earned runs on four hits 
before giving way to junior south-
paw Todd Gimenez, who sat the 
next two Warrior batters down to 
end the inning. However, Gimenez 
was not as dominant over the next 
four innings, giving up 10 earned 
runs on II hits and a walk. 

Gimenez left after the fifth 
inning, allowing freshman left -
hander Jon Durket to take a shot at 
quieting the Warrior bats. Durket 
fared the best out ofthe Triton pitch-
ers, giving up one run on three hits 
over two innings. Sophomore right-
hander Nick San Filippo came in for 

l BASEBALL, page 15) 

UCSD Even With 18-18 Record After 3-2 Finish In Tourney 

ALEXANDER VARONDICUAIIDIAN 
Junior out.fieIckr Brittni Carino and the Tritons went 3-2 at the Cal State SrrmisIaus 7bumamtnt 
cfChampions in Turlock, CoJif., with wins ooer Hawaii-PaciJic, C1taminade and Western Or!pon. 

By Lauren Kato 
STAFF WRITER 

The UCSD softball team traveled 
to Thrlock, Calif., last weekend to 
compete in the Cal State Stanislaus 
Tournament of Champions, in which 
it finished 3-2 to improve to 18-IS 
overall on the season. 

The Tritons faced Hawaii-Pacific 
University in their first match of 
the tournament, coming off six-
straight losses, including sweeps in 
two California Collegiate Athletic 
Association doubleheaders against No. 
7 Cal State Bakersfield and No. S Cal 
State Dominguez Hills on "March 26 
and 27, respectively. 

Seemingly unfazed by the losses 
earlier in the week, the Tritons returned 
to the field in top form, trumping 
Hawaii-Pacific early on March 31. 

Though they feU behind 1-0 in the 
first inning, the Tritons fought back, 
tying the score at I- Ion a sacrifice RBI 
ground out by freshman first baseman 
JeMi Habib in the third. UCSD then 
surged ahead 5-2 in the sixth on a 
three-hit rally that led· to four runs, two 
of which came off of a triple by s0pho-
more third baseman Jenny Maze. 

Hawaii-Pacific was only able to 
scrounge up one hit in the fina\ two 
innings as sophomore pitcher Melissa 
Ward picked up her 10th win of the 
season. She allowed only one run OIl 
five hits, with five strikeouts in anm 
innings of work. 

However, the first day of tourna-
ment play ended with a loss for the 

Tritons, as they dropped their contest 
against No. 3 Humboldt State by a 
score of S-O in only five innings. 

The Triton offense was quiet, but 
Habib continued her hot streak by 
contributing two of UCSD's siX total 
hits. 

Sophomore pitcher Nicole Fullerton 
fell to 5-5 on the year after the loss, in 
which she allowed eight runs - seven 
earned - on 10 hits. 

The Tritons returned to action on 
day two of the tournament with games 
against Chaminade University and 
Western Oregon University on April 
1. UCSD defeated Chaminade by a 
10-4 margin in its first game of day 
two before handing Western Oregon a 
hard-fought 3-2 loss in nine innings in 
the nightcap. 

Against Chaminade, the Tritons 
scored three runs in the fifth inning 
and added four more in the seventh 
to come from behind for the 10-4 vic-
tory. Freshman catcher Megan Grace 
went 3-ror-4 with ~ RBis and a run 
scored to carry the Triton offense. 

Beating Western Oregon required 
the Tritons to rally from a deficit apin, 
this time coming from two runs b.dt 
to tie the game in the fifth iJuUn&, forc-
ing em. Innings. They would go OIl to 
add the game winDer in the top of the 
ninth. Senior outfie\der Jenny Spencer 
doubled lRxne the go-ahead run and 
Ward shut the door in the bottom half 
of the inning to secure the win. 

Ward', record improved to 12-7 
with five solid innings of relief work. 
in which she aIJoMd no hits with three 

walks and three strikeouts. 
In the final game of the tourna-

ment on April 2, UCSD lost to Western 
Washington University by a score of 
8-1. Details were unavailable at press 
time. 

Before heading to the Touniament 
of Champions, the Tritons finished 
up the winter quarter schedule by 
dropping four consecutive California 
Collegiate Athletic Association road 
games in doubleheaders against both 
Cal State Bakersfield and Cal State 
Dominguez Hills. 

The Tritons lost 5-4 and 11-1 
against Cal State Bakersfield on March 
26. The first game ended in heart-
breaking fashion, as the Tritons gave 
up a 4-0 lead in the bottom of the sev-
enth.. The team was unable to hold off 
the Roadrunners, giving up five runs 
on six hits in the tough loss. 

After abutting out the Roadrunners 
through the first six innings. Ward 
ended up with the loss, falling to 9-5 
on the season. 

The second matchup also ended 
in ~ for the Tritons, as 
the game was called due to the mercy 
rule with Baken8eId winning 11-1 in 
the fifth Inning. The Roadrwmm put 
the game out of reach early on, scoring 
II NIII on six hits in the bottom half 
of the first inning. The 'I\itona com-
mitted three errors in the inning and 
newr recovered. 

Frahman pitcher Lauren 0Iutain 
took the lou and feD to 1-4 OIl the yar 

[ SOFTMll, pile 15 ) 



PENETRATING THE BEST GLORY HOLES ON CAMPUS ~ FUCK US, PAGE 69, DUDES 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

ISRE UARDIAN 
www:meatspin.com 

YORK 
ATTACKS 

RATCLIFF IN 
GAY PORN 

By Matt McNasty 
STRIPPER SPECIALIST 

In an attempt to humiliate the 
UCSD administration in the face 
of the Student-Run Television sex-
ual nudity controversy, John Muir 
College alumnus Steve York aired an 
Internet-based ver ion of his porn 
video last week featuring the uperim-
posed face of acting Vice Chancellor 
of Student Life Gary R. Ratcliff on the 
face of the original actress. 

York's decision to air the video 
came because of the university's 
unrelenting stance prohibiting the 
return of SRTV until the station 
adopts clear-cut rules about sexual 
nudity broadcasts on Triton Cable. 
Calling the move a political satire, 
York said that he hopes Ratcliff 
learns through the video's underly-
ing message that students will even-
tually dominate the administrators 
over the SRTV snafu. 

"I hope that when Ratcliff sees 
himself getting fucked by me, he 
will realize that I will never stop 
making porn videos and justify-
ing them with arguments of free 
speech,K York said. 

Ratcliff stated in an e-mail that 
while he was honored to be chosen 
as York', sex partner in his motion 
picture debut, the administration 
would never back away from its 
demands !hat the station refrain 
from broadcasting graphic sex. 

He also indicated that while he 
could not stop York from making 
Internet pornography, he was glad 
that York finally took his sexual 
escapades off campus. 

"Steve York will never intimidate 
the administration,K stated Ratcliff. 
"In fact, I think it's kind of flatter-
ing that York would choose me as 
his partner, since he could have 
picked any administrator, including 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox." 

Meanwhile, SRTV co-Manager 
Andrew Tess said that he hopes that 
York continues t~ show Internet por-
nography featuring campus leaders 
because' it will eventualJy force the 
university to back away from its sex 
ban on the station. 

In addition, Tess said that the sta-
tion would be re-activated as soon as 
possible. 

"We're doing everything we can 
to promote the administration as the 
bad guy," he said. "York's decision to 
air this video is only helping us." 

Thurgood Marshall Senior 
Senator Kate Pillon, whose faced 
was originally imposed on the 
actress in a first-quarter SRTV York 
porn rerun, said that she was out-
raged that York would choose to 
attack Ratcliff in the same way. 

"It's not fair," she said. " I thought 
that I was the only one that Steve 
wanted.-

. 

OPEN OUR LEGs 

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2006 Soaked With Semen Since 1967 

Surgeries Part of Fox Perk Package 

WILLY BONG/CALIFORNIA REVIEW 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox shows off her augmented cleavage, part of the undisclosed compensation package that the Uniuersity of 
California offered her to join the well~owed UCSD community. Her husband drives a blue Porsche. 

By Feather Well 
KINKY SEX TRICK 

As part of a previously undis-
closed compensation pack-
age, Chancellor Marye Anne 
Fox received nearly $11,000 for 
"unspecified cosmetic augmen-
tation," according to documents 
obtained by the San Diego Union-
Tribune. While the fmal use of 
the allocation is unclear, sources 

close to the chancellor reported 
a dramatic increase in Fox's "bust 
size" - and the change is turning 
heads across the university. 

· She's stacked, no lie," acting 
Vice Chancellor of Student Life 
Gary R. Ratcliff said. "And [ say, 
'God damn, girI:" 

The allegations come in the 
wake of a series of disclosures 
about a number of preViously 
unreleased pay practices employed 

by the university to attract quali -
fied candidates. The university's 
compensation procedures first 

~e under scrutiny after the San 
Francisco Chronicle reported that 
the UC system paid over $800 
million in undisclosed bonuses to 
top employees last year. 

Critics of the payments ques-
tioned the transparency and 

[ fOX, page 02] 

Porter's Pub Eases Age for Boozing 
By Mean Mister Mustard 

SENIOR STAFF TARDIAN 

As of spring quarter 2006, Porter's 
Pub will lower its drinking age from 
21 to 18, as part of a host of revi-
sions to campus rules being carried 
out to implement dianges suggested in 
2005 Undergraduate Satisfaction and 
Experience survey. While the Pub's 
new drinking age technically violates 
federal law, campus administrators say 
that they're in deep enough with the 
Governator to nullify any legal prob-
lems that could ensue. 

"The Terminator's not going to -
care. We're like this; Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs Joseph W. Watson, 
crossing his index and middle fingers 
in a gesture of solidarity on a recent 
Friday afternoon while surrounded by 
a circle of cheering. inebriated fresh-
men at Porter's Pub. "These new rule 
changes are really going to make com-
ing to work a lot more fun." 

The student-satisfaction survey, a 
document released last fall in an effort 
to improve campus life, found that a 
large majority of UCSD students feel 
that between studying. work and read-
ing the Guardian, they simply don't 
have enough time to hedonistically 

[ PUB, page D3 ] 
MLEXlllE VIIGE/CALIFORNIA ReVIEW 

Freshman Chucky KrvPfOnite returns for his fi./th pint at the newly minorfriendly 
Porkr'sPub. 

Race Riots 
. ~ 

Rock Campus 
Over Break 

Whites and Asians 
battle while sideline 
ethnicities ponder 
allegiances. 

By Charles Negro 
N EED Pus Y 

Racial clustering of divided tu-
dents ignited a slew of conflicts across 
campus in last days of fmals week, 
culminating in a riot over spring break 
on Library Walk. 

The ethnic gangs battled with knives 
and broken bottles, resulting in 13 
injuries, three potentially critical, and 
three deaths, according to UCSD Police 
Department Detective John Smart. 

Racial tensions between the Forever 
Oriental Brotherhood, composed of 
mostly Asians, and People of the White 
Elite Race had been stewing over time, 
Smart said. 

"ConSidering how many Asians we 
have on campus, it was only a matter of 
time before Caucasians felt threatened," 
he slated in a text message. 

The white P.O:W.E.R. group is only 
reclaiming its right .to UCSD, accord-
ing to Grandmaster Sorceress Kate 
Pillon, who also serves as Thurgood 
Marshall CoUege senior senator. 

"These chinky bastards are over-
running us with their engineering 
majors and natural smarts; she said. 
"It was time that we took a stand:' 

The racial gang war was reac-

[ RIOTS, page D3 1 

Muir College 
Quits ~CSD 

Sudden secession 
throws campus 
politics into turmoil. 

By Vanessa Shitty McAss 
SENIOR SHAFT WRINGER 

John Muir College students return-
ing to campus from break have a new 
surprise: independence. Early last week, 
the university's Academic Senate voted 
unanimously in favor of a proposa.l 
written by Muir College Provost Susan 
L. Smith, which formally announced 
the college's secession from UCSD. 

Under a joint operating agreement 
signed by Smith and UCSD Chancellor 
Marye Anne Fox, the new John Muir 
CoUege of Arts and Sciences will oper-
ate as an independent private entity 
on land owned by the University of 
California. The arrangement is similar 
to one used by North Carolina State 
and Duke University, which share their 

[ MUIR, page D3 ] 

SPURTS GET INSIDE ME 
Pig Report ............................ 03 Touchy TrhQs 

Sexy people at UC3D? ~But 
her: wrap it up before you smaci ..... 

A Big Spanking 
The Tritons were your mother last ·night. She 
got itfrom my 6-inch ruler. 

Letters to the Douche ... ... .... l 
Spank Me ................................ ¥ 
Cunt Calendar ....................... C> 

page down par,e l2x102 Croueres························ ········ii 
Classifuck ............................... . , 



D2 NEWS 

SUSIE S.T.O. 

CURRENT CUNTS 
Students Booted From 

Chancellor Chat 
In an apparent first for UCSD, 

Academic Computing Services 
cut the Internet connection of 
two studeI1ts after they surprised 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox 
with unexpectedly tough ques-
tions during her quarterly online 
"Chancellor's Chat" last month. 

The two students, who asked 
not to be identified by name for 
fear of retribution by Fox's sectar-

ian death squads, said they were 
ejected from the chat after asking 
Fox what it was like to be a "rich 
fat cat: referring to recent contro-
versy over the chancellor's unre-
ported compensation and cor-
porate board memberships. The 
subject is part of a university audit 
launched by state lawmakers. 

Fox responded by questioning 
the students' patriotism, shortly 
before having ACS pull their plug. 
official transcripts from the chat 
show. 

"YOUR TACTICS ONLY AID 

LIST 0' FOOLS ----
A.S. Council 
'Duke' Cunningham 
Antonin Scalia 
Eleanor Yang 
Fucker with Porsche 
that takes up two 
spots in Pangea 

Monster truck 
asshole in East 
Parking 

Steve York 
Bearded RSO Josh 
Undercover po-po's 
Fuckin' Vlad 
Little Chucky 
Nick Aguilar 

Tom Cruise 
Isaac Hayes 
Andy Verriere 
Joe A.M. T. Watson 
Asian Rapist 
Daniel Watts 
Noelle Chartier 
Ricky Ricardo & 
the Gay Mafia 

Governator 
Reggie Crane 
Bryan Tsao 
Gary Ratcliff 
That guy Dick 

Cheney shot 
Biology majors 

THE DISREGUARDIAN , 

By JENNIFER HSU HSU HSUDIO 

THE ENEMIES, ERODE OUR 
UNIVERSITY UNITY AND 
DIMINISH OUR RESOLVE," Fox 
responded in all caps. "THEY 
GIVE AMMUNITION TO THE 
UC'S ENEMIES, AND PAUSE TO 
THE UCS FRIENDS: 

In a subsequent interview, Fox 
defended her decision to cut the 
students off, suggesting that her 
actions were meant to counter the 
bias of the media, which seems Lo 
be focused on bad stories, instead 
of good. 

"There are thousands of UC 

employees who are grossly under-
paid and work for shit wages," 
Fox said. "Yet, you people seem 
to be writing only about the over-
compensated, bloated administra -
tors." 

Started last year, the chat was 
first created as a media posturing 
opportunity, allowing the chan-
cellor to answer softball ques-
tions from uninformed stu·dents. 
However, it has suffered in recent 
quarters from a lack of under-
graduate involvement. with no 
students actually participating. 

Fox Says New Nipples Perk 
Up College Recognition 
~ FOX, from page 01 
accountability of the university, but 
were nonetheless supportive of this 
individual measure. 

"The clandestine use of financial 
incentives to attract qualified can-
didates simply cannot be tolerated; 
Regent Judith Hopkinson stated in 
an e-mail. "But, as someone who 
is intimately familiar with b'oth 
the university hiring process and 
[Chancellor Fox J, I can't say this 
isn't a good idea." ._ 

Indeed, Hopkinson suggested 
that the university might not have 
gone far enough. 

"While the measures taken by 
the university to enhance the uni-
versity's 'stature' are worthwhile, 1 
believe they are a disservice to the 
California taxpayer." Hopkinson 
stated. "I think Dr. Fox and the 
university deserve at least a D -

perhaps even aDD." 
Fox vehemently defended the 

compensation package, arguing 
that benefits to the university were 
already apparent. 

The chancellor cited a recent 
spike in invitations to fundraising 
events, including one from phi-
lanthropist Hugh Hefner. Fox also 
noted that the latest "Chancellor's 
Chat," which featured real-time 
streaming video of the chancellor, 
saw a 619 percent increase in stu-
dent attendance over previous ses-
sions. 

UC President Robert ,C. Dynes 
defended Fox's extra compensation, 
but refused to say whether or not 
Fox received breast enhancement 
surgery. 

"From what I've seen, Chancellor 
Fox is a fine, fine administrator; 
Dynes said . 

MONDAY, APRIL 1,2006 

G .... t 'Unde 110e TaoI 
Moneybogs' Schrader 

Viodimir 'U<"'~ .u.,o~ ~ICop1ToIIIdI'" I"S' -~~Me~ 
NaIhon ' l!oder _01 ..... 

biler·Mokl". 
HYIIor ·Dodo. Where', 

..... Cor' Welles 

OIIrIeo -w.... v.po 
_N~ 

MI!I'-·Su,.,:tt -.MIt ..... 
Mor-;e:= c-........ 

_"OeIoI ..... c.op c.-~ 
.... 'Me' Enteen c.w 

o ..... -c.,.... -- lor 
.. ·l ...... 

Christine ' Wdl Swdow MII __ 
II you- Poe 

Moment -Doesn't tu.. _ 
, t" Kneel' Federis 

Cody B, 'WhltcN ConN __ 
Del' NIbcoors 

Chri'tlne ' Hew De Vou ........... 
S-1I1'CIlrt 

GoiIIo 'Vi"I' F_ 
Billy 'T_ Chri_ ..... ,.... 

... 
AlellOOder · Cum·ln-n... ..., ..... 

Eye''''''''''' 
Andrew · Don'tT .......... _ 

I'iID'N..,... 
hIdM1 Rilly...... ..... 

GoIdbe .. ~ 

tc.th.ri"'·_~ ... _ 

M<:NoI -[Ies ... ....... 
""·FouIos 

_'Stay"-Y 
Ftoooo MrSpeaen'Tsai """-
Vince __ Ooft't know 1IicIIooI't ..... 

You' GIomotono 
Mike 'lIke Some B~ 

VaclltonS- Mirt lnez 

JosI> -wtoor.. Rose ~ 
~..,-,,­

Kim 'She',,'-Iont! l. 
_..,._a..... 

-Stolker" Chen, l leNrd -I c.ro~ Believe « fH In 
MouIto' ChoI 

It ' s not ALL jokes. folks - the advertisements in the OiHeGuordion are the real deal! Get out and see our loyal supporters . 

• ~!~~:~9..~!-!' CIII, 458.9800 
._~",_--,,,,,,,,,_~~,,,_Y_ .... ,+~ )a>."j'~~,. ,,. ... ,~ 

DITCH THE BUN ... PIZZA '5 MORE FUN! 
."jjk<' ... :i¢«.#f"',"" .. 

I 
I 
I 
I 

\",I\1\\\\\lS STUDENT DISCOUNT EVERYDAY! '9~'l\lQ\\\lS GET A PIllA FREE! 
, 

One Large One Topping Pizza 

$7.99 
Umited (IollllOO'y area - Delivery Char ... May Apply. p." PllZII $1 """". 

Valid studont 10 required, No dilCounl. II tno dOOr, You mull .... for this 
offer whorl "'-re, Not valid wlh lIlY ether oIfOO'. Cullorne( PlY' 011 

appIl<oI>lo sales tOJ< . Valid only at SO County Pepa JolIn'. PI .. a St", .. , 
bpi ... 12/30/01. 

I 
I 
I 

Buy One, Get One 

FREE 
1--.................................. • .... I 
..... .... p." PI ... U """". Umlted delivery area - Delivery C,*&es I May Apply. Not valid wlh tJnf other offer. CUllomer pars all appIle.,.. I I sales tu. V1IIid only It SO County Papli John'. PIZZI Stores. I 

ExpIres 12/30/08, . 

TWO LARGE 
Two Topping 

PIZZAS 

I $18.99: Earn up to $14/hr. (hourly + tips) 
Call or Itop by Papa John'. at UTC , limited delivery area - Delivery Charles May Apply. Pili Plm S1 """ • . 1 

Not valid wlh any CJl'" _ , Customer pays all app/icllbie saies tu., 
I Valid only lit SO County Pape Jahn'. PIUII Stores, 4130 La Jolla Village Drive 1.1 4.1 .... 
1_ _~~ ~~LCI!:. _____ L _ 

MoNIMY, APlUL 1,2006 

: FUCKING Po PO ----
s.a.I.", ." 2 
11:16 Lm.: Nolle dUtarbaace 
• Yellin&. howling. moaning and 
thumping occumf at UCSD GIII",,&n 
offices. s..bjed _ done on IU'rivGL 
6:57 ...... : Suapkioua perIOD 
• Subject. a middJe-aFJ white male 
wearing a bloodied Mexican-style 
poncho and IOIIIbrero, was at Pangea 
Parking Structure. Officer waS uMble 
to Iocak_ 
1:48 LID.: Nolle cIiIta.rbuce 
• Some form of Asian complained 
about loud rap music occurred at 
Africa Hall 0fJiurs /armted subjects 
/after they refused to comply. 
SGtllrrMy, Aprill 
1:16 Lm.: Nolle dbtu.rbance 
• S1amming, whimpering and moan-
ing and occured at UCSD Guarrli/aR 
offices, Subjects wen quiet on 1Uriv'"-
3:27 Lm.: Arpmeat diaturbaoce 

• Occurred at Africa IWL Verbal 
argument was between eight police 
officen and a black male student. 
0fJiurs subdued subject after mooting 
him in/au. 

JIridtIy. MIndI 31 
11:13 LID.: MecIiaI aiel 
• A 19-year-old female student was 
hit in the cooch with a racquetball. 
TIIkm to Thornton Hospilal. 
2:52 p.m.: PoeIeuion of marijuua 
• Officer initiated activity with an 21-
year-old mutt male student at UCSD 
Gutudu", offices. Subject armtttl. 
11:58 p.m.: DnIIIk clrh10a 
• Occured at Gilman Drive . 
Officer reported a yellow 2004 Ford 
Focus slamming into Cellter Hall. 
Subject dead. 

- COMPtUD BV GREe CHIPP£NIW.E 
"IGHTS AND SIREN EDITOR 

Admini.strators Split 
From ·State Drinking Law 
~ SRlY, from page 01 
consume alcoholic beveragoes. Students 
routinely named festivals Iikt Sun God 
(where tradition dictates that students 
mix large amounts of alcohol with an 
average day's class schedule) as some 
of the most cohesive and community-
building events taking pJace on cam-
pus. 

"What we need to do ... is get 
everybody drinking this bastard .. , 
and get them to chill the fuck out and 
have a fucking good time ... and pass 
me a fucking joint if they want to have 
a bettrr time on this campus.- said 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox, refer-
ring to a popular brand of beer sold at 
Porter's Pub_ ~I know a 101 of them are 
smart and shit, but this fucking beer is 
Iikt 8 percent and that shit ruIes.-

Federal law requires states to 
enforce a minimum drinking age of 
21 as part of the National Minimum 
Drinking Age Act of 1984, which calls 
on the Department of Transportation 
to lower by 10 percent the annual high-
way appropriation of states that did 
not comply, The legal drinking age in 
California is 21, but campus admin-
istraton say that law does not apply 
to UCSD, because of the autonomy 
the university enjoys under the state 
COIIItitution. 

"Ain't no Oippin' action star gonna 
tell me what I can and can't do," said 
Gary R. Ratdiff, acting vice chancellor 
of student affairs. "UCSD is a boring, 
dry, academic, legalistic, boring place 
to be, and that Iw to change_ I think 
this is a pretty good way to do that" 

THE DISllEGuAllOlAN NEWS OJ 

SRTV Scandal Spawned Secession Idea 
.. MUll, from page 01 
education facilities. 

"When in the course of human 
events, it becomes DeCeSS3Q' for one 
pecp1e to dissolve the political bands 
which have connected them with 
another, and to assume among the 
powers of the earth, the separate and 
equal station to which the Laws of 
Nature and of Nature's God entide 
them, a decmt respect to the opinions 
of mankind requires that they should 
dedare the causes which impel them 
to the separation," Smith said in a 
recent interview. 

Thae CIUIeS, Smith said, became 
evident during the Student-Run 
Televisioncontroversy. At the time, 
Thurgood Marshall College Dean of 
Student Affairs of Ashanti Houston 
Hands wrote to campus administra-
tors, accusing them of doing nothing 
to protect students. 

"This points out an interesting and 
at once disturbing and exciting dif-
ference between 'cultures' in the col-
leges, specifically Muir vs. Marshall; 

As1istant Vice <lIancellor of Student 
Affairs Edward Sprigs stated in an 

. e-mail response. "What mabs this 
interesting is that the differences in 
ways of addressing the SRTV issue 
result in part from different approach-
es in mission, GE ~uimntnts and 
leadership (student and stafI):' 

For Smith, the e-mail brought an 
epiplwJy. 

Though lesa than one Mek old. the 
separation has a1ready had momentous 
repercussions for campus geopolitics. 
Muir College students - generally 
viewed as mOlt intelligent and social1y 
active on campus - overwhelmingly 
dominate campuswide organizations 
funded by the A.S, Council Suddenly, 
these leaders find themselves with 
divided allegiances. ' 

"I'm pursuing a policy of 'strate-
gic nonalignment,- said John Muir 
College junior Meg Gullo, the presi-
dent of the Intercampus Residents 
Association. 

The college has also been over-
whelmed with asylum applications 

from outside students, who hope to 
enjoy the fruits of Muir's famous1y lax 
writin£ program. 

"The 1etters from students wish-
ing to escape the hells of Humanities 
inc! MMW just keep pouring in; 
said Terri Cain. Muir's top academic 
adviser and the college's new High 
Commissiooer for Rd'ugees. 

That foreign Inflow Iw aJready 
sparUd a nativist bacldash. 

~They come from the outside, 
they taU our low-wage Sierra Summit 
jobs. and they don't pay any activity 
fees; said john Muir College alumnus 
Bryan Barton at a receIJt rally. 

A RepubliCIIV candidate for 
Congress. Barton made headlines last 
year as a volunteer with the national 
Minutemen Project_ , 

"We are just trying to do our best; 
that's all we can do," said Muir College 
Student Council Chair Neil Spears. 
Next Wftlc. Spears' council will vote 
on a proposal to build a concrete fence 
around the coIlege's boundaries, to 
thwart illegal immigration. 

Blacks Mulling Involvement In Conflict 
• RIOTS, from page 01 
tionary, according to EO.B. Sensei . 
Conrad Ohashi, who leads the group 
and also serves on the A.S. Council 
with Pillon. 

"Confucius say: White people are 
oaturaIIy haters," he said. ~We aren't 
going ~ sit by and play the Asian 
stereotype of quiet and subservient 
people. We have to be ninjas like we 
were meant to be_" 

There is currently a warrant out 
for Ohashi's arrest on suspected 
homicide, Smart said. According to 
witness reports, Ohashi beheaded two 
P.O.w.E.R. members, and forced a 
F.O.B. affiliate to commit seppuku, a 
Japanese form of suicide. 

The race riots are far from over, as 
both parties are unwilling to negoti-
ate. In addition, other campus ethnic 
groups are slated to join in the con-
flie!, according 10 Student Affinnative 
Action Committee member Kyle 
Samia. 

The Black Student Union is will-
ing to consolidate its membenhip 
into either the white P'O.W.E.R. or 
Asian F.O.B. gang. but is currently 
unsure of its affiliation. 

"The white establishment and the 
African-American movement have 
long been at odds," according to BSU 
President Udodirim Asomugha. "The 
advantage theirs, because they are 
the race in power. But Asians know 

kung fu." 
The UCSD Muslim Student 

Association is planning to form its 
own consortium, tentatively named 
the Jibadists, composed of Muslim 
groups in Southern Califomia. 

Meanwhile, the Lesbian Gay 
BisexualTransexualQueerlntersexual' 
Center is personally insulted that it 
Iw not been included in the conflict, 
according to a statement released yes-
terday-

"The LGBT community is always 
on the backburner; the center said 
in the statement. "All races will know 
that we ~ a group to be reckoned 
with when our flaming wrath is 
brought down:' 

King Kong right below is not amused at our fun."'Check out this real ad for the week's events. 

MONDAY 
~ ..... ·13 

I •• UN~VERSITY CE~L~!~ 
E R I ·E S PmCE 



04 DISRE~GuARnIAN 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

David Hassillwff 
hairy@disreguardian.org CATFIGHTS ~ 

Props to free-beer - whether it's 
found at a party, the GuiUdian office, or 
~ someone's belly button. There's nothing 

like chul!8lng gifted hooch. 

and must be kiHed. Can we trust any ~ A recent study found that birds suck ~ 
feathered animal that gives us thi 

fucking flu? Kill the bastards. 

EDITORIALS 
Sounding the Death Knell 
for SRTV - Bring Beer 
W hile this board has long advocated for the autonomy of Student-Run Television, after enduring many 
weeks of posturing, prudish acting Assistant Vice ChanceUor 

administrato~s and pointless of Student Life Gary R. Ratcliff 
elections, we have come to a preemptively declares invalid 
well-reasoned conclusion: Fuck over fears of what the delicate 
it. eyes and ears of coUege students 

Fuck all y'all. We can't believe can see, don't vote. 
that we're fighting a freedom of You wouldn't believe some 
speech battle over Steve York's of the letters the administra -
pasty ass and Viagra-fueled tors were ·sent over this. Letters 
erections. Our reaction to the from uptight housewives in 
broadcast was, Virginia, swear-
"Jesus. Change MORE UKE GAt'ER TV ing they weren't 
the channel, going to send 
man. [ don't their children 
want to see that .. s.J .... ,. .. ;::r.:: here because of 
shit." We believe MID.............. . the appalling 
that is the same porn debacle. 
reaction any reasonable person Virginia, for Christ's sake! Like 

, would have. What kind of per- they were going to pay the extra 
vert keeps thinking about it so fifteen thousand dollars to come 
much they have to write letters to a UC campus. Stop wasting 
and agitate for a shutdown in our time, uptight houswives. 
order to exorcise the memory? We're just going to save every-

And the people who run one's time and efforts and take 
SRTV? They are pussies to be over the SRTV offices. They're 
brought down over this. An entire just next door to ours, and they'd 
student TV station, and they were be a great place to hold all our 
neutered like stray dogs. beer. And the new Thai restau-

So forget it. Nobody sign rant can move in cheap. Really, 
any more damn petitions, and who wouldn't trade SRTV for . 
if there's another election that beer and some good Thai food? 

The Bunch That the Savior 
Forgot 'Deserve Salvation 
W riting a crafty editorial is all about compromise. That's why we're so happy to annoutlce that the Christians 
on this board, and the one Jew, offidal nodes of power: The very 
have found middle ground - in institutions built to empower the 
our support of Jews for Jesus. weak have left them behind, too. 

Not yet born-again, no lon- This year, the A.S. Council has 
ger Semites, Jews for Jesus is one passed two resolutions dealing 
underrepresented group that has with baby formula. The number 
been oppressed on this campus of resolutions supporting Jews 
for far too long. During Library for Jesus? None. 

Walk recruit- ... ---------II1II ments, they are To our brothers and 
sisters in the conflfled to the HOlD THE PORK 

ghettoest 'hood, 1-----------1 
near Center ....... efRnt 

movement, we 
say, Rock on. 
We got your 
backs, yo. 

Hall, far behind AIRel ....... prolecdans 
the real Jews aft! ....... an CIOIItp 
and the Campus L~!!!~:...... _____ ..J More than 
Crusade for 
Christ. On the Sabbath, they 
are forced to toil, as if the yoke 
of the Egyptians hadn't been 
thrown off millennia ago. 

And all because of what? 
That they slept through the 
Great Awakening? That they 
didn't find Jesus soon enough? 
We're sorry, but that's just not 
good enough. 

However, Jews for Jesus have 
seen neglect not only from the 

half a century 
ago, Samuel Beckett asked in 
"Waiting for Godot": "How is 
it that of the four Evangelists, 
only one ' speaks of a thief 
being saved?" We still await the 
answer. 

For a campus with a long 
history of religius intolerance, 
we can say only one thing: Stop 
Sipping on me Haterade, and go 
find Jesus. (Here's a hint: Check 
between the couch cushions.) 

DJsRE; r-GuARoIAN BACKSTREET BUNCH 

AJ. McLtan 

TItt Shirty Ont 
YEllS Too MUCH 

Nid! CarlO' 

REO PEN SYNOROME 
Howit Dorough 

LECAl FOR THE LADIES 
Kmn Richardson 

LOCKED UP Fo' LIFE NEEOS COCK 
The DlsreGuilrdian gets fucked twice a week near the University of 
~lifornia ilt San Diego. Contents Cl 2006. Views e"pressed herein represent 

every secret view of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD and. 

MONDAY, APRIL 1,2006 _______________________ _ 

-

THE ADVENTURES OF CHARLES' PENIS 

iPod-ed SingerlDancers the New 
Avatars of CulturallNationaY 
Religious!PoliticaYSpiritual 

Depravity, Claims Satan O'Reilly 

'y",·u\.:,u .• ;uu 

early 120 
percent 
of UCSD 
students 
own an 
i Pod, 
tho s e 
s h i n y 
bricks of 

bourgeois indifference that will no 
doubt have our generation hearing 
loud and clear into our 14O's. 

But beneath the wave of digi-
tal music liberation lies a far more 
unhealthy and dangerous and heretic 
and horrible specter: With so many 
bookheads blesting their bralncells in 
(between) class, a frightening number 
are forgetting that the few students 
who don't constantly iPod CAN hear 
them singing and see their heads nod-
ding, and are forced to endure off-key 
Shakira or poorly-bumped T.I. to an 
oppressive and unjust extent. 

Fuck! 
According to the results of a 

GalIuplCNN poll released late last 
night, Americans increasingly believe 
that singing in public while wearing 
headphones or shaking one's ass to a 
hidden beat no longer deserves the 
kind of relentless social pummeling 
we once reserved for people too idiotic 
to realize their own idiocy. In fact, 67 
percent of them said it's OK to head-
bang on the ShittyShuttle or moan 
Britney at 70 decibels on Library Walk, 
especially if the 'Pod is up too high 
for them to hear anything and they've 
never had a voice lesson. Bitches. 

While public iPod "dancing" 
(including ass-shaking. nipple-rub-
bing, crotch-grabbing and head-bang-
ing) ' remains slightly more COIIb'OVa'-
sial, indicaton point toward sliding 
inhibitions amons American youth to 
these grating seductions II well. (Last 
week some slithery ragamuffin spilled 
his greasy dreads all over _ ....., 

blue seat while ydling Japanese swear 
words or Swedish meatball recipes. so 
I had to wipe off some armpit juice 
and ~ the &vor, though he didn't 
notice.) However, I have nothing but 
love for music fans so vacuwp-headed 
that they don headphones and dance! 
their dances in Price Center for all of 
us inhibited types to laugh at. Oh wait. 
I hate everyone but broomsticks. (Can 
you bear me? Damn.) 

This may seem like a somewhat 
in~tial~on,butmill~ 

time you see one 
o ese things, you 

think it's an important 
excerpt from a story, if 
you even think about 

it You are wrong. 
These things - we call 

them pulled quotes -
- are just important-

looking space filler, like 
pretty much everything 
in this and every other 
newspaper. Please don't 

be offended that this 
has nothing to do with 
anything. Nothing has 
anything to do with 

anything." 
- Lemmings C. Upcake, 

senior acting vice regional assis-
tant program director emeritus, 

G.O.F.U.c.K. Y,O.U,R.S.E.LF 

the degree to which we respea tAw 
(however unheard) DUblWdal space 
is ~_.1fiUch larger leva 
.I ~ respect and cultur-
al purity. Or It Jeua dumb people 

shouldn't have to make us all watch 
them enjoy their bad music. 

~Omts! 
This all is at least what Bill O'RalIy 

argues, and so of course he is cor-
rect. When I lunched with him and 
Andersen Cooper and Robert Novak 
in the belly of the beast last Mek. 
between bites of salad nicoise and 
Muslim salami, O'Reilly jabbed M 
iPod generationers with the draconian 
firebIast of a Cart-loving carpetbagger: 
He drinks alone in private and chugs 
the pills when the camera isn't looking. 
saving his ass-runming for when it is. 

Cooper said in-person dancing 
was as wrong as intifadah and 24-
hour hair gel and triangle noses: In 
other words, M all have to do it. But 
he's just skim off that warm ~ of 
corrupt liberalism that'll die when Bill 
Frist becomes King, I mean, Prime 
Minister. 

Novak said in 2008 the Republicans 
will write software to neutralize all 
iPods, killing your mOrning commute 
and returning sanity to my ears. I 
want to have forgiveness and under-
stand while you do it only more fre-
quently till then, or pretend that [ care 
what a Gallup poll says, but no one 
does. Political science professors who 
claim that polling is honest are wrong: 
everything is a scam: snoop dogg. 
pizza, journa1ism, pencils, bubble gum 
and .opinion polls. We youth'll be deaf 
by '06, either dumb too or neutralized 
by circuitry until the printed copper 
replaces blood and we won't have to 
worry about clogged arteries. 

Ultimately, we write better sober. 
We fuck better sober. We eat better 
sober. So fuck being sober: get an 
iPod, tum it up loud, fuck a bitch or a 
cock on library walk and make them 
howl so you can Ignore it and tap your 
fingers to Fall Out Boy inItead. Your 
semen is rotten either way, so fucking 
take a fucking joke you ass-fucking 
stuck up motherfucker. 

(Just wanted to say, *Hello. 
Kittf. We're not allowed to do that. 

Meeee0004~{WW\'~'fW..) 

J 

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2006 THE DISREGUARDIAN 

ARROGANT BASTARDS -------
V1ad, We're Pretty 

Sure This Is For You 
Dear Editor: 

Fuck you, fucker. Your cunnilin-
gus isn't even that good, your mind 
for public policy is overrated, and 
I fell asleep the last time you were 
"freshening up' (for three hours) in 
preparation for sex. 

I hate your ringtone, I hate 
your furious sttlmping (more like 
goosestepping), and the next time 
you brush your teeth more than five 
times in the span of a day, I'm going 
to castrate you. 

I was thinking about leaving this 
letter on your pillow, but I know 
that you read (and masturbate to) 
the Guardian, so I knew you would 
notice the letter if it was printed here. 
If I hadn't been finding comfort in the 
arms of other guys for three months 
now, I would've dumped your ass 
long ago. You bore me. No - you 
disgust me. 

I hope your dick falls off, 
- Hadley Mancloza 

Understimulated 

P.S. I'm pregnant. It's not yours, 
though. 

God, Opinion Is So 
Much Better the Rest 

Dear Editor, 
Why do I even read other sec-

tions? lWIce a week I open the paper 
to Opinion and all my needs are met. 
[ need no other section - not Sports, 
not Focus and especially not News. 
And who ever read Hiatus? 

After stalking you both on 
Facebook, I know you vixens are 
a man's dreams come true. I want 
you both ... III tM SlJme time!! Why 
haven't you been assigned to run the 

entire paper yet? The other sections 
pale in comparison to your poetry in 
motion. You must know this Grant 
tool doesn't appreciate you like I do. 
So fire his pansy white ass! Or hire 
me to have my big burly uncle kill 
him in his sleep. Or in his Jeep. Hehe, 
I rhymed. 

-DickW .... 
Earl Warren College smior 

P.S. I am an engineering student, 
so [ will have lots of money to give 
you in five years. 

P.P.S. Catch the yellow fever, baby! 
Er ... babies. 

Presidential Candidate 
Resembles Squirrel 

Dar Editor: 
I look like a squirrel. 
Vote for me! 

- Daniel Watt. 
WOPl't Leave College 

Feel the Love Coming 
From the Next Room 

Dear Editor, 
I love you. I am you. God, I'm 

beautiful. When [ wear a cowboy hat, 
I turn myself on. 

XOXO, 
- Grant Sdlrader 

GU/lrdian Dick In Chief 

We Are Very, Very, 
Very Oppressed 

Dear Editor: 
We want O.A.S.I.S. back! FIGHT 

THE POWER!!!! 
Love, 
SMC 

"My Dog Buffy" 
Dear Editor: 
I have a dog named Buffy and 

she is a girl dog. She goes out and 
she finds a boy dog and they fall in 
love and she has puppies. She knows · 
she's a girl dog and he knows he's a 
boy dog. All anyone has to do is look 
down their pants to find out what 
God made them to be. If they can't 
figure that out, they have less sense 
than my dog Buffy. 

Is Homosexuality natural? Is it 
normaa Then it must be unnatu-
ral and abnormal. The problem isn't 
between their legs, it's between their 
ears. It is a mental choice that can be 
reversed so as to return to the nor-
mal and natural human being that 
God created them to be in the first 
place. Whatever happened to 'com· 
mon sense? 

Thank you for your fair and bal· 
anced regard for my opinion. 

-RickMadaa 
Mission Gate Ministry Loony 

e-rrtGil: 
~u 

OPINION 05 

It 's not ALL jok~s . folks-th@ .. dv~rtls.m.nts on this page ar@ the real 
deal. Get out and see your Guardlon 's supporters . 

".'1'" tel' I. 

Donate to Father Joe 
. ) .. 888.Father Joe 

.jFATHER JOE'S av ILL AGE S· 
, . 

"" CJSJ.- AMERICAN· JAPANESE • EUROPEAN & SUVS 
SAnsMC7IIIIIIt Fodory Mainlilnance • ScheciJIed Computer & Electrical Rapairs 

3X)5 SUIMY General AutomoIYe Repairs 

I~ 
AIIIIMOUW 737Tu~seSt., Poci~c Beach 

•• bouI .................. com E-MAIL: boul ... ordouIoOson.rr.com 
_._---------, 

OIL CU.IIGE $9" ::. r.~.99 I I IIAn S;-:!\f.z:.~";~06 L ___________ .1 
FREE TOWING IN PB OR LA JOLLA 

Opportunity is Brewing! 
The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf currently has opportunities for Baristas, Shift Supervisors 

& General Managers for all of our San Diego locations! Interested candidates are 
invited to attend our upcoming Hiring Fairs! 

Saturday, April 8th 
The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf 

Carmel Mountain Plaza 
llam-1pm 

Carmel Mountain Road #296 
San Diego, CA 92128 

The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf 
Mira Mesa 

2pm-4pm 
9015 Mira Mesa Blvd, 
San Diego, CA 92126 

If you are unable to attend, please apply in person at one of the stores or apply on line 
at www.coffeebean.com. The Coffee Bean offers a great benefits package and fantastic growth opportunitY. EOE. 



" 

D6 HATES US THE DISREGuAROlAN MON~V. APRIL 1, 2006 

Holocaustic One-Man Show 
Embarrasses Spielberg, Carrey 

handjobsu---~-----
Prince 
.3121 

• SCHINDLER, from page D3 
as such, he moves with the grace of a 12-YQf-
old ballerina in a see-through catsuit, purr-
ing gently with none of his characteristically 
amphetamine-tinged abandon. Rest assured, 
this isn't the dick-face that introduced himself 
to the limping nouveau riche as "Tom AO!." 

Carrey realius that this is a serious age, 
one that has no room for his Fire Marshall 
Bill mugging. Just as we embark on an era of 
serious adventures. the lemurrific fauxmedian 
is more Jefferson than Hamilton, and certainJy 

more Martin liwl Lewis. That is. he pretends 
to be Italian; that is. he's drunk aIf the time. 
And not "Ass Hole 0 Mio· Italian, I mean the 
sausage-fingered gold watch brand ofwoppery, 
eschewing a fedora for the ski-masks of Jew 
Jersey. Maybe it's the accident that caused such 
a downturn, but it doesn't make for any less of 
an artistic obituary. 

It's the critical equivalent of "The, Brown 
Bwmy." with sunken chests and a blowjob that's 
downrigflt gross, Carrey's enduring philosophy 
is all we're left with - that is, get bent. fucko. 

IJIIMRSAl 

***** Prince is just so much like a purple-sequined hipster version of an elephant platinum velvet pillow. He's always been back since 
the decade that began with an eight (followed 
with a zero) in which he became famous, and 
I became born. 

There's a spiritual link teetering on the 
brink of his almost;blackness and my severe 
white suburban breadwinning tendencies. Or 
is there? Does his cape outsmart my thinking 
cap? Can he spin a better web than my bullshit 
machine? 

The chest-hair vocal achievements and gui-
tar masturbation both agree. There's no medal 
like the androgeny-casserole award, pausing 
metallic and chattering all nebulously bother-
some and shit. I wanted to tell him that it's 
wrong but it isn't. He can be like this all he 

The Anti-fashioncore-istas 
• Courtesy of Christine Clark 
SWIlUU SiltS 

*** The aforementioned tots-of· triviality will have to get along - the new adoption of the black-haired Mandeville babes, semi-
teenage, garage inhabiting, ex-punker, blues, 
shaggy-at -bome-or· in-colJege, Zep- freaked, 
nirvana worshipping, naive and slightly dirty 
waiter/barista and bookstore employees and 
the fussy Price Center pretties are still well 
within our friend's wonderful little formula: 
a few breaths of a plastick.y faUlt-mance in the 
fust third of the Most Unnecessarily Long de-
glamorized disappointed road trip ditty. 

Rock 'n' roll stars haul out their amps and 
stuff their spare tires into stage-friendly cloth-
ing in the bopes of reviving tbeir legacy and 
making a few (million) bucks, especially after 
they became the precious LiveJoumai diet for 

ARGENTINA. BUENOS AIRES 

wants. 
Ultimately, in the scheme ofthings, in sum-

mary, Prince is the master of pajamas. As much 
as I want to say tbat Hard-Pi are important, or 
the Killers are good, aU I clI! really do Is talk 
about Prince and beaven and faded red rubber 
bands. 

If you think this is pretentious, fine. I'm 
so pretentious that I transcend your earthly 
definitions of pretentiousness. Moreover, if you 
don't agree that this new PrinO! album sounds 
prettier than a moon made of provolone, go 
eat a dick and smile: it maybe the '80s, but the 
'80s are hipper than anything you've ever been 
through, unless it's a carwash or the Second 
World War. 

- Puin' Ass Snort 
SENIOR STAFF WRIIl.R 

a million Garden State teenagers. 
An all-too-true testament to the Sickening-

ly omnipotent grasp of Un de Sam, you can feel 
free to spit, bitch, or lob any random thought 
that crosses your mind toward the ticka·ticka-
ticka-ticka-ticka rootsy lamentful twee·pop 
(real fast) badass hip hop beats and sunglass 
heroin-blues grooves (the authentic grain). 

They kraut-rock stiffly and with singer-
songwriter profundity, squeezing transcen-
dence out of the conventional tools of the 
smiling, waving pope John Paul II - it ain't a 
bad one. [ed. note: All pieces of the above were 
actually written by Ian S. PorI.] 

- Ian is. A. Whorr: 
UNNECESSARll¥ SASS¥ DICKFACE, ¥OU'D THINK HE 

WAS MARRIED OR SOMETHINC ••. OH WAI 

Argentina: Theatre, Film, Spectacle and Human Rights 
July 31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

ENGLAND • LONDON 
Tudor England 
June 26 - July 29, 2006 

MEXICO, MERIDA 
History of Mexico 
July 31 - Sept" 2, 2006 

SPAIN • MADRID 
Spanish Immersion in Madrid 
June 26 - July 29, 2006 

VIETNAM • HUE 
Understanding Vietnam 
July 31 - Sept. 2, 2006 

Some flnandal aid and scholarships are available for qualified Individuals. Non"UC Rivers. 
students should contact their home campus Financial Aid Offices for assistance. 
For Information: 

... Riverside I Travel. Study PrOllram 1200 University Avenue, Rm. 326 Riverside, California 92507-04596 ~951) 827"3044; fax ~951) 827·7370 
E-matt: 1i"avetst~ucr.edu TRAVEL STUDY Web site: Summer.ucr.edu/travelstudy 

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2006 

..... n., .............. 
~T"'" 

SpecIalizing In the ,. "Blue" 
O.K.CJA.D.BA ~) 
a..,1 .......... 

Br!d for size, temperament, and 
conformation. 

...."ofClllots......" 

----PO Box 7587, La Jolla, CA 92093 
l-IIOIJ-))!'-'O)~· Zatyourpitcom 

EMPLOYMENT 
University City restaurant needs a high 
strung. irritable manager with a limited 
grasp of the English language and' ability 
to ·cook books." Call 858-5SS~7. (4/1) 

Sarely legal "men" wanted for Web site. 
Chubby cheeks, little to no chest hair and 
ripped abs preferred. The fewer Inhibitions 
the bettet. BrIng your toys. (411) 

FOR RENT 
One human vagina. '84 model, disease-
free, oil changed rec""tly. good working 
condition. Price negotiable. Call Heidi. 
(858) 224-5219. (411) 

FOR SALE 
EGGS FOR SALE. Healthy, well·groomed 
Asian female, 4'7", outgoing. 1520 SAT. 
cute chin. Only minor congenital defects. 
OccGlonaI drug problems. Likes It rough. 
$500 000. Cash only. (411) 

THE DISREGUARDIAN 

DISRE~~GuARoIAN 
,.,\, 

ASSIFIEDS 
The DlvtGuordi<Jn reserws the right to classify. edit. ~f off"".;"" words and pharses. and 
Nve you rod this far7ThIs Is usually where the joke mrts. only this time there Is not much 
of. job. let's see you try M>d I» funny. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser before we riddle It with typos. Please email 10 
...,.,.. .... ...,.A II _. at write It on a nal*ln from .lou·s and drop It In "Woody" 
the box In the 'Old" Student Center. No 1ady,I don't have change. 
PS-c.n ,...1MIp_" tJpa ..... 1hil91 

Assified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 per letter 
Faculty & Staff: ..... If,ou "-tIM 

Ad Bros. 
All others: $12 per Iett«, 

$15 far .,.,.... 
Non·profils: Boo hoo, no non'profil rale for 
you. The DlsreGuardian is the ultimate "non· 
profit' organization. so shut yet' y~pper and 

pay. Adv~nce payment is required 

ASSIFIEDS D7 

e-mail: 1dsdJsrefwrd;...@yihoo.com • Assifieds (possibly) online at fucldn§osh.org 

8'2' O'Neill "surfboard" in good condl· 
tion. Will accept a good date and 
great sex as payment; otherwise 5300. 
botpatrickfJgrnail.com (411) 

WANTED 
A dick to toodle. (411) 

UCSD School of Medicine seeks unicorns 
for biomedical research. Large horns pre· 
ferred. Call Myron at (858) 398-0076. Gays 
and blacks need not apply. (4/1) 

Psychology department looking for par· 
ticl",nts for frotteurism study. Applicants 
musl be in good health, iged 1~5,.nd 
must have engaged in senSIY11y rubbing 
against strangers within the last 2 months. 
Please contact Bonnie at ex. 40468. (411) 

1 kilo Colombia's finest. Make me an oI'fer. 
Call Brian, (408) 524-1089. (4/1) 

SERVICES 
Physics instruction. I'll help you eKPlore 
the area llnder your curves In return for 
letting me fuck your sweet ass on the 
confelence tables in Mayer Hall. E·mllil 
editor@IKsdguardian.org. (411) 

Beer wench. Prompt and cheerful service 
guaranteed. Call Natasha at (858) 623· 
BEER. (4/1) 

LOST 
My dignity. Call Daniel Watts. (Vote for 
mel)(411) 

PERSONALS 
Lonely Opinion editor seeks hot cock and 
balls about which to opine. Gender nego· 
tiable. (4/1) 

A fond farewell to Student Ufe staffers 
who are moving on this week. from your 
colleagues. Good luck Anna, Fred, Tracie, 
Kathy, Ann, Ellen, Kristi. Vinny, Sandy, 
Donna, and Paul. Continued in Thursday's 
OIsreGuardian. (411) 

To the beautiful Italian man working at 
the T-Mobile booth at UTC: CALL ME and 
I'll suck you off while you work. (408) 673-
3958. (4/1) 

You come to my place. You find the hole. 
I stick my cock through. You suck it while 

I look at straight porn. After I cum, you 
leave. No words spoken. Ass·play encour· 
aged. (858) 543-2344 (411) 

Guardian seeks group play and. will take all 
shapes and sizes, even you uglies. Formerly 
in a monogamous relationship with single 
reader. Recently had cosmectic surgery, 
so seeking new thrills to match new look. 
(4/1) 

I check your away messages every nigh t. 
I've had a couple of classes with you, but 
I've never had the guts to come talk to 
you, so I hope when you read this, you'll 
know. I know I might not be your type 
based on your Interests listed. but they say 
opposites attract. Hopefully we can create 
"something" worth remembering - come 
jerk me off. (619) 675-6717 (4/1) 

The ad below's not a joke-get down to the B'lokstore and get your spring teKtbooks 

the books 
.you need 
NOW 

students have saved over $11 million so far! 
Don't forget to check out the UCSD Bookstore 

. . for TONS of used texts! 
Sell-back: Fint waek • Finall w.ek (.1. ad in thl.,Slu.) 

, 



., 

D8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

B ill O'Reilly 
sperm@disreguardian.org 

Volleyball Boosts 
Self-Esteem With 
Hard-Fought Win 

Over Juveniles 
High school champi-
ons give 1-21 Tritons 
a run for their money 
in cliffhanger, but 
UCSD backs up talk. 

By Rabbi Raphael 
LATKE CONN O ISSEU R 

In an atte~pt to find more com-
petitive play from less competitive 
opponents, the UCSD men's volley-
ball team agreed to an exhibition 
game agai n t the San Diego high 
school champions, the Westview 
Wolverines. The match, which took 
place on March 24 at RIMAC Arena, 
ended with the Tritons avoiding 
embarrassment by winning in five 
games, 30-2 1, 25-30, 27-30, 30-28, 
15- 11. 

Westview's head coach, Magnum 
Spiker, proposed the match to the 
UCS D athletics department after 
smack talk lead to some bad blood 
between the schools. An article in the 
Westview High school newspaper 
quoted one Wolverine's boisterous 
claim that "We are the best volleyball 
team in the area ... and that includes 
those crappy universities around 
here that can't buy a win:' Though 
not specifically mentioning UCSD, 
the quote led to some hurt feelings 
and the Triton players responding 
with advice to the Wolverines that 
"no high school tearn that can barely 
beat some five-foot losers from Mira 
Mesa should be running their mouth 
like that." 

The back-and-forth insults gave 
UCSD Director of Athletics Earl 
"Dub" Edwards aU the fuel he needed 
to accept Spiker's challenge. 

"When Magnum came at me with 
the proposal, I originally laughed in 
his face," Edwards said. "But after I 
heard the crap that was coming out 
of their mouths, I had no choice but 
to give UCSD a chance to defend its 
reputation on the court." 

The UCSD volleyball team's repu-
tation has been tarnished progres-
sively thanks to finishing season after 
season with losing records. The five-
game win over the Wolverines should 
help to quiet those disbelievers in the 
Triton voUeybaU program; however, 
the win did not come without effort. 

After starting strong with a 30-
21 win in game one, something that 
the Tritons haven't done all year, 
they lost their confidence with a 
close 25-30 loss in the second game 
thanks to the Wolverines' .345 attack 
percentage. 

"Those Wolverines really know 
how to claw their way back:' junior 
outside hitter Johhny Blaze said. "I 
felt like [ was facing those mutant 
X-Men Wolverines, not some high 
school volleyball team:' 

Mutant powers or no, the 
Wolverines continued to impress 
their Triton opponents with out-
standing teamwork in the third game 
to take their first lead of the match. 

"Puberty or not, those kids know 
how to play:' Edwards said. "Some 
of those didn't have armpit hair, but 
they could spike like the pros." 

FaUing in two straight games, 
the Tritons were dejected, afraid 
that the snot-nosed Westview play-
ers would own the bragging rights 
of being the best volleyball team in 
San Diego. But behind dominant 
play from Blaze and sophomore 
middle blocker John Paul Wendler 
Ill, the Tritons bounced back to 
tie the match with a 30-28 win in 

[ PUIfSCENT MUTANTS, pagc 6] 

DISRE~GuARnIAN HOT CORNER Not Leora Juster 

SPURTS Women's Basketball The women's basketball season is over, meaning Juster won't receive Player of the Week honors. Sorry all Juster fan club members - see you next year. 
MONDAY, APRIL 1,2006 

Muddy Tritons Bury Titty-Twisting Gauchos 

CAY OALElDISIIECUAIIDIAN 
UCSB's Tina Chastain's penchant lor squeezing nipples was no match lor UCSD senior captain Christina Thompson, whose purple areolas did not stop her from achieuing victory. 

Dirty tactics can't stop 
Triton mud wrestlers 
from beating formidable 
UCSB squad in slippery, 
cutthroat contest. 

By Latifa Abdula Kawilra 
RANDOM OFFICE BEEZY 

In its most successful weekend 
it has seen this season, the women's 
mud wrestling team twice ravaged 
UC Santa Barbara during a sweaty, 
slippery doubleheader, giving it a 
8-3 record overall 

The first match was a nail -biter, 
with the Triton captain, senior 

Christina Thompson, holding off 
Santa Barbara's Tina Chastain with 
her patented move, "the butt-bust-
er." Fighting off savage scratches 
and the occasional tender caress 
from Chastain, Thompson emerged 
from 12 minutes of blindingly erot-
ic action with Chastain's bikini bot-
tom in her small, nimble hands. 

"She's got a very nice ass," 
Thompson said of her opponent 
with a wink. "But not even buns 
of steel can stand up to my GI Joe 
kung-fu grip.~ 

Nursing a few bruises, 
Thompson sat out the next match 
and let her protege, freshman Renee 
Takashima, take over. Takashima, 
known as "The Squid" among her 

teammates, dispatched her oppo-
nent, Brittany Macaulay, in ~ mere 
five minutes of heart-pounding 
wrestling. 

Although Macaulay had an esti-
mated 20 pounds and two cup sizes 
on her petite opponent, Takashima, 
known for her quickness and eva-
siveness, only let her opponent 
gain the occasional nipple tweak. 
Takashima's victory continued her 
undefeated record. 

"She ain't got nothing on me," 
Takashima said after the match, her 
skin and hair glistening in the sun. 

"My nipples are purple, but my 
ego is intact," she said with a grin, 
applying Neosporin to her chafed 
breasts. "I can take butch bitches 

like Brittany any day of the week." 
The Santa Barbara squad, with 

its 3-5 record, stayed positive 
even after the back-to-back losses. 
"We're all winners," its coach, Bruce 
McGee, said, wiping sweat off his 
brow and slyly rubbing an erection. 
"I'll be sure to focus practices on 
having my girls really feeling their 
opponeQts - getting a sense of 
where they aren't and where they 
are. They need ' to acknowledge 
their weaknesses and strengths. 
And, of course, their womanly abs 
and delicious curves." 

The team hopes to find equal-
ly good luck at its next tourna-
ment at Cal State Northridge next 
Saturday. 

Corrupt Intramural Refs in Teams' Back Pockets 

WILLY BONC/OISllfCUAIIDIAH 
The IIftIIS of ~ comq>tion shocked some, but many /tad long surpected 
that the relationship between ojJiciob and JOllIe IIIIms was IIrI'JI inrimGte. 

By ¥ehuda Mordecai Danai 
DREIDEL lEAGUE CORRESPONDENT 

Amid the corruption and controversy 
that pervades the realm of professional and 
coUegiate athletics, one would hope to find 
refuge in the haUowed institution of intra-
mural sports. Unfortunately, fraud and 
deceit has penetrated the highest level of 
recreation, rocking the seemingly unmov-
able foundation ofleisurely sports competi-
tion. 
, In a shocking revelation, the UCSD 

intramural sports department reported 
today that it has uncovered an elaborate web 
of fraud and dishonesty involving some of 
its referees and several participating teams. 
According to a statement rdeased by Mike 
Hipp, director of intramural sports, teams 
made payments to referees in exchange 
for favorable arbitration during important 
games, including playoff and championship 
matches. The cash payments, ranging from 
$20 to S5O, were generally ~ up to 
a week in advance, and the cash usually 
changed hands just prior to the matches. 

According to Hipp, the scheme may 
have begun as early as the 1995 Intramural 
season, when overflow costs from the con-
struction of RlMAC caused the recreation 
department to cut ita budpt lOr ~. 
Angry with the wase troubles, a disgruntled 

proletariat established the system to supple-
ment its income. However, RlMAC concert 
revenues stabilized the department's rev-
enues, and referee wages steadily climbed 
to S10 per game, a respectable on-campus 
rate. 

A clearly stunned Hipp fought his emo-
tions during a revealing press conference. 

"This is a tru1y despicable day in the 
history ofUCSD intramural sports," he said. 
"All of the prestige associated with friendly 
competition has been destroyed for a few 
extra bucks." 

The corruption went unnoticed until 
recently, when several referees -came dean, 
saying that they couldn't take their shame 
beyond the university waUs. According. to 
one confessor's account, the most recent 
incident occurred during World Cup soccer 
league championship. Costa Rica defeated 
Ukraine in a controveniaI 2-1 match, and 
it was later revealed that the.costa Rican 
captain had compensated the referees with 
sums upwards of S 100 - by far the high-
est payment - throughout the season to 
ensure victory. 

The confessor continued by sayins that 
had the paymentl been any less, it would 
have been hard to "throw the game for such 
a shitty team.-

[ I.OVI AfFAII, .,. 69 ] 


