
THE 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

UARD 
WWW. ucsdguardian. org Informing the UCSD Community Since 

OPINION 

Evolution Fight 
Moves from 

Schoolhouse 
Courthouse 

page 4 
--------_______________ MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 2006 

Student Loans on the 
Chopping Block Again 

Narrow approval will 
send loan-cutting 
bill back to House of 
Representatives. 

By Erika Cervantes 
STAFF WRITER 

In an effort to push legislation 
through before the holidays, the U.S. 
Senate passed a budget measure late 
on Dec. 21 that would cut $40 billion 
from mandatory spending programs, 
with almost one-third of the cuts 

for active-duty military personnel 
and the reduction of loan origina-
tion fees were a few of the provisions 
Alexander noted. 

"I would say students and col-
lege groups lost big time on this 
bill;' UCSD Financial Aid Director 
Vincent De Anda said. "Generally, 
it will cost students more to obtain 
loans and to rettre the loan obli-
gation. There are some pluses and 
some students will benefit:' 

The bill includes higher interest 
rates for student loans. Parent PLUS 
loans, currently at a 7.9 percent fixed 
interest rate, will increase to 8.5 per-

ce nt. College coming 
student 
programs. 

from 
loan PROPOSED AID CUTS groups now plan to continue 

lobbying the 
Hou e in hopes 
of blocking the 
legislation once 
again. 

The landmark 
5 1-50 vote - with 
Vice President 
Dick Cheney 
breaking the tie 
- approved the 
bill, which has 
been vigorously 
opposed by 
stude nts and 
higher education 
advocates for its 
$12.7 billion cut 
to student aid. 
It's a price that 
students should 

. not have to pay 
to reduce the 
federal deficit 
and lower taxes, 
according to UC 

• $12.7 billion reduction 
from federal student loan 
programs 

• Interest rates for Parent 
PLUS loans would increase 
from 7.9 to 8.5 percent 

• Raises ceiling on 
maximum amount in loans 
a student can borrow 

• Would require borrowers 
with guaranteed student 
loans to pay 1-percent 
guaranteed fee 

Soun:e: u.s. StN/t! 

"The uni -
versity, as well 
as the broader 
higher educa-
tion community, 
co nt inues to 
review this leg-
islation to gauge 
the full impact 
on our students 
and universi -
ties;' Harrington 
stated. 

The USSA 
plans to con-
tinue efforts 

spokesman Chris Harrington. to increase the pressure on House 
members for the last vote, and sees After its passage in the Senate, 

Democratic opponents offered a 
"point-of-order" objection because 
of changes made to the bill after it 
passed with a 212-206 vote in the 
House of Representatives, including 
two provisions authorizing policy 
reports and another more significant 
provision that limits lawsuits against 
hospitals that seek to require 
Medicaid patients to pay for non-
emergency care in emergency 
rooms. 

[ CUTS, page 3 1 

The bill will now return to the 
House for further consideration, and 
will face its final vote Feb. I. 

"The last vote on budget reconcil -
iation took place in the early morn-
ing hours with supporters of the bill 
hoping to face little scrutiny due 
to the holidays and recess," stated 
according to United States Student 
Association Legislative Director 
Jasmine L. Harris. "Recall that the 
House passed the budget reconcili-
ation bill by a slim margin, with 16 
members not present for voting." 

Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) 
emphasized the bill's critical role in 
reducing the federal deficit, the first 
comprehensive budget reconciliation 
measure since 1997. 

"The higher education provisions 
in this bill are an important step 
toward providing the skills necessary 
for America to keep its competi-
tive edge in the world," Alexander 
stated in a press release. "This bill 
achieves our deficit reduction targets 
while demonstrating a commitment 
to higher education." 

Loan forgiveness for special edu-
cation, math and science teachers 
who teach in low-income schools, 
loan deferment of up to three years 

University, Union Strike Deal 

JOHN Y AG'GUARDIAN 
Nurses at UC medical centers, like Thornton Hospital employee Patrick Lutz, have 
been wrangling with the university over net;} contracts for nearly a year. 

After months of 
fighting, parties reach 
a truce. Retirement 
and health benefits 
remain in the air. 

By Vla.dimir Kogan 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

In the oft-bitter battle, the mud-
slinging came from both sides. 
University administrators called the 
union intractable and said it put 
political gain ahead of its members' 
interests. The union representing 
the university's 9,000 nurses said 
UC administrators were simply Gov. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger's political 
flunkies who didn't care if the work-
ers threw out their backs dragging 
around obese patients. ow, after 
nearly a year of fighting, the two sides 
have made peace - temporarily. 

ANALYSIS 
The governor started the name-

calling in a speech early last year. 
Speaking at a public event that was 
disrupted by protesters from the 
California Nurses Association -
which represents the UC nurses - he 
said that the union was simply a "spe-
cial interest" upset with him "becau e 
I'm always kicking their butts:' 

Howt:ver, in the fmal weeks of 
th..: year, the university and the CNA 
broke through a months-long impasse 
to agree on a two-year contract for . 
the nurses working at UC medical 
centers. The deal, approved by the 
nurses a week before Christmas, 
includes a significant wage increase, 
pension protections and a ban on 
mandatory overtime. 

"We are v.ery happy to have 
reached this agreement with our 
nurses, as it will ensure UC will be 
able to continue to -prOvide the qual-
ity care that exemplifies all UC medi-
cal centers; UC Executive Director 
of Labor Relations Howard Pripas 
stated in a university press release. 
"This agreement will help UC t9 
attract and retain the quality nurses 
that are in such high demand in 
California:' 

The deal was one of four agree-
ments the uniyersity made among 
a flurry of negotiations in the last 
month of the year. Several days after 
the nurses' vote, UC research and 
technical workers approved a sepa-
rate agreement with the university, 
which also included a pay hike. Two 
other tentative agreements included 
clerical and library employees. 

"The pay raises are a step in the 
right direction for recruiting more 
nurse ," stated U SO Medical Center 
nur e Janice Webb, who served as a 
member of the negotiating team, in 
a union announcement 'of the vote 
results. 

In exchange, the nurses agreed 
not to carry out sympathy strikes in 
disputes involving other university 
unions. On another contentious is ue 
that eluded agreement for months, 
the university said it would allow 
nurse to form "lift team " or use lift 
devices to move heavy patients. 

However, the new contract does 

I NURSES. page 3 I 

INSIDE WEATHER 
Current .............................. ..... 2 
Column ................................... 4 

With 11 IeCOIlds on the dock. Chico 
State narrowed UCSD lead, but 
fined to close the deal. 

Letters to the Editor ................. 5 
Crossword ............................... 7 
Campus Calendar .................... 9 

Jan. 9 Jan. 10 
H 74 L 47 H n L 45 

.,..12 Classifieds ........................ ..... 10 Jan. II }an. 12 H 67 L 45 H 73 L 48 



2 NEW THE U SO GUARDIAN 

We're All in This To 
M ONDAY, JANUARY 9, 2006 

THE '- ;:'~GUARDIAN 
, 

Granl Schrader Edilor in Chief 

Vladimir Koslan Managing Edhors 
Ian S. l'ort 

Nathan Miklos Copy EditoIs 
Heather Welles 

Charles Nguyen News Edi10r 

Matt McArdle Msodote News Editor 

Marianne Madden Opinion Editor 

Hanna Camp MIONIe Opinion Editor 

Rael Enleen SportJ Editor 

Angie lin MIodaIe Sports Editor 

Chrisline Pae Foc:us EdiIor 
Mamene Federis MlOtUte roc ... Editor CURRENTS-------------------------------- Cody B. Nabours Hiatus Editor 

Higher Ed Teacher 
Hires Outpace Admin. 

Ac ording to a n w r port 
relea ed by the U.S . D partment 
of Edu ation's ational enter 
for Edu at ion Stati ti , the 2003 -
04 year brought a 4.4-p r nt 
in rea in the numb r of p opl 
'ntering areer in hi her edu a-

tion, bringing the total number 
of people in the higher educa-
tion field to more than 3.3 mil-
lion. Most n w emplo ewer 
in tru tor rath r than admini -
trator . 

The r port , titled HEmplo 
in Po t ondary In titutions, F, II 

I nstructors averaged about 
$46,000 annually, and lecturers 
made about $44,000. 

Average salary figures were 
higher in most ategories at pri-
vate institutions than public, a nd 
mu h lower for professors at for-
profit institutions. 

Bush Plan Gives Funds 
to Language Study 
Presid nt Georg W. Bush 

pI dged $114 million in next 
ear' budget to boost educalion 

of U.S. students in foreign lan-
guage, in luding Chinese and 
Farsi. 

study those la nguages in the 2006-
07 school year. In addition, Bush 
aims to use the money to create 
scholarships for up to 3,000 h igh 
school students to study overseas 
by summer 2009. 

Regents to Meet at 
UCSD to Discuss Fees 

UCSD will host the UC Board 
of Regents in a two-day meet-

ing starting Ja n.18. The regents 
will consider several actio ns in 
open session, including e mpl oy-
ee' compe nsation and laboratory 
management issues. On the first 
day, the regents wi ll also di scuss 
updating UC stude nt fee rates 
following the release of the gov-
ernor's 2006-07 budget. 

On Jan . 19, th e rege nts w ill act 
on a proposed divestm e nt of UC 
holdings in compa ni es with busi-
ness operations in Sudan . 

Chrisline Clark MlOtUte Hiat ... Editols 
Gaelle Faure 

Billy Wong Photo Edi10r 

Alexander V.rood .\s§Ociale PhoIO Ecitor 
Andrew Nguyen Design Ed~or 

EditoNl Assist.nls 
Manhew L'Heureux 

P.ge L.you! 
Richard Choi, Na!ama Naraghi. Wendy Shieu, 

Utako Ueda, Simone Wilson 
Copy R""ders 

Chris Covington. Matt McArdle. 
Neda Oreizy 

Michael Foulks Advertising Mm.ger 

Michelle Tsai Sludent Advertising 
MaNger 

Mike Martinez Advertising Art Director 

Kim-long Le Senior lusi_s 
Assist.tnt 

2004 , and alaries of Full -Tim 
Instructional Faculty, 2004-05 ," 
found that the numb r of mplo -

at Ameri an all g that 
grant fed ral finan ial aid through 
the Education Departm nt' Titl 
IV program ro e b more than 
140,0 0 peopl , and of tho n w 
employees, 80,000 wer' either 
in tru tiona I facult m mb r or 
graduate tea hing a istants. 

Th pre ident announced 
hi plan, dubbed th National 
e urity Language Initi ative, dur-

ing a ummit in Washington. 
Bu h will propose a $114 mil -
lion budg t fo r th program for 
the 2007 fi al yea r, with about 
7 percent of it funnel d to the 

Students think outside of the boxes 
More and more ~ to the nation~ colleges and amMr· 
sHies Ilrt choosing not to ** tItdr tt#trtidty wllert they emoIl 
i" college. a "ew study s.",m. 

ChriSty Factor Business Msis .. nt 
Advenisfoment Design .nd uyOUI 

George Chen, RiChard ChOi 
The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays 
and Thursda~, during the academic year by 
UCSO studenlS and fOf Ihe UCSO community. 
Reproduct ion of this newsp.1per ,n any form. 
whether in whole Of in part, without permiSSion 

tat and Edu at ion departme nts 
whil the Department of Defense 
would a llo a te more than $750 
million between 2007-2 011 to go 
toward training tea h rs in lan -
guages ca tegorized as important 
for nalional u e. 

Probe finds top UC admin. broke rules 
is strictly prohibited. () 2006, all rtghts resen.ed. 
The UCSD GU4rd"n " no! responsible for lhe 
return of unsolicited manuscripts or art . The Ylews 
expressed herem do nOI necessarily represent (he ~ 
opinions of the UCSD Cuc"dlan, the Umversl ty Unlversity~ well-liked secorui·'n-command said to hsve vio-

Iakd conJlkt-of·interest policy in hiring business partner. of California or ASSOCla!ed 5!uden". The UC5D Guard"n is funded solely by advertising. Three ; 
pages. big lime. . About two-third of th new 

employee worked full -tim . Th 
most growth 0 curred at pub 
Ii institutions, whi h nroll the 
greatest numb r of tud nt in th 
Unit d tate. In lotal, about 90 
per e nt of th growth 0 urr d at 
publi univer iti and for-profit 
institutions. 

Bu h rea oned that the pro-
gram would prove vital in foreign 
r lation , bol tering foreign la n-
guag skills of American slude nts 
so that they a n better relate to 
people over eas. 

AROUND THE UC 
• BruIn ~.ArII:oM 
• Cal Ban lead Ibe 'PaC 
- Bird ftu ...... in.w. 

STATEWIDE NEWS 
• StOrm ............ tIIpdy 
-K.es-paty4ll. 'dill 
· Snoope""" die Web 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
eciitor@ucsdguardian.org 

News: 658-534·5226. IIt'WS /®UCsdguard,an .org 
Focus: 858·534-5226, lealUres@ucsdgu,rdian.0f8 
HIaIUS: 858-534-6563. hialus@ucsd8uardian.org 

Opi",on: 856-534-6562. opinion@vcsdguardian.org 
Sports: 6511-534-6562, sporu@ocsdguardian.org 
Photo: B511-534·6582, pho/o@uadgwrdian."'8 

Advertising: 858-534·3466 
ads@ucsdguardian.org The report also released statis-

tics regarding the averdg nin -
month salari for wof or in 
fall 2004. Full-time prof or 
earned about $88,000. whil 
as 0 iate professor and a i tant 
professors ea rned abou t $64,000 
and $53,000, respectively. 

Among other things, money 
f r thl' program would go to an 

x hange, paying for 300 foreign 
tea hers to ome to the United 

tates 10 instruct students in lan-
guag s de m d riti a I, while 100 
U .. teachers will go oversea to 

Take a shot at being a photographer! Fax: 858-534-7691 
The UCSD Guardian 

9500 Gilman Drive, 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

E-mail editor@ucsdglUJrdian.org 
to app y. 

CALLUS 
FOR LUNCHI 

/") t 

~ 
-/ V 

/. ' ) 

DITCH THE BUN ..• PIZZA'S MORE FUN! 

One Large One Topping Pizza 

$7.99 
limited dehvery area Delivery Charges May Apply. Pan Plua $1 more. 

Val id student 10 requueo No discounts at t he door. You must ask for thiS 
offer when orden,.. Not valid wih any other offer. Customer pays all 

appllcabtf" sales ta • . V,ltd only at SO County Papa John's Pilla Stores 
Expires 2/15/ 06 

;! ...... ~ ~ 

Buy One, Get One 

I FREE 
I au, - plua .t r .... I_ price .... tlet _ W __ or '-- I v"u. FREE. Pan P'llS $1 mor • . Limited delivery area · Delivery Charges 
I May Apply. Not valid wih any other offer. Customer pays all applicable 1 

sales tax . Valid only at SO County Papa John's Piua Stores. 1 
Expires 2/16/06 

.......... 

$1 OFF ANY SIDE ITEM I 
Breadsticks • Cheese Sticks 1 

TWO LARGE 
Two Topping ' 

PIZZAS 

1 $18.99: 
1 1 Chicken Wings • Chicken Strips : 

1 Limited delivery area · Delivery Charges May Apply. I Limited dellycry area - Dellyery Charges May Apply. Pon Pizza S1 more. 1 Not yalid wih any olner offer. Customer pays all applicable sales tax . Not valid wih any other offer. Customer pays all applicable sales tax . 1 
1 Valid only at SO County Papa John's Pizza Stores. 1 Valid only at SO County Papa John's Pizza Stores. 
1 Explrn 2/15/06 L _____ ~'!.res .3~5/o.!. ______ , 
-----------------

www.ucsdguardian.org 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus? 
Tell Your Parents to Buy Q 

Condo for You! 
WHY RENTl BUYI 

, Rent the extra rooms to your friends .. . 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage ..• 
, You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
' .. . your parents can write off the interest on the mortgage! 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637·0609 
Flnestreatror@hormail.com ' www.cbcaliforn ia.com/rob in 

AMERICAN • JAPANESE • EUROPEAN & SUVS 
Faclory Maintenance · Scheduled (am puler & Electricol Repoirs 

General Aulomotve Repoirs . 

~~rd (858)4 .7574 
AIROIIIOIM 737 Turquoise St., Pacific Beach 

www.boulevardautomotlve.com E-MAIL: bou/evordoulo@san .rr .com r-----------, lOlL CHANGE $9" ::'. fee$4.99 Indudot .. I hI..- , up 10 5 '" MoIMI .. 1 I PleaM col for apfIOInknlnt. Moll Cen ond 
lightTouO. wi",e"""" &p,..2/1S/1l6 

-----------.1 FREE TOWING IN PB OR LA JOllA 

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Budget Plan Does Not 
Address Future Fee Hikes Deal Leaves Staffing Ratio Undetermined 

• BUDGET, from page 1 
fee hikes, also voiced acclaim of the 
governor. 

"We're heartened by the governor's 
effort to make sure U and CSU stu-
dents aren't hit with what Wt consider 
an unfair tax;' Stapler said. "Education 
is the great equalizer in California and 
to make it so expensive takes away 
from that ability to eqUalize." . 

The budget proposal still has its 
skeptics, who worry over the plan's 
relationship to the 2004 state budget 
compact between the universiry and 
Schwarzenegger. Under the compact, 
the UC is required to increase tudent 
fees at a steady rate until 20 II if legisla-
tive funding cannot support the J 0-

. campus university system. 
A one-year break in student fees 

strays from predictability and still does 
not deal with the. long-term future of 
student finances, according to state 
Senate President Pro Tern Don Perata 
CD-Oakland). 

"The governor is off to a good start, 
but college is for four years:' Perata 
stated in an e-mail. "Jf you help a stu-

dent one yea r, what happens the other 
three years? Stability and certainty for 
stl!dents is one of the key areas we need 
to address:' 

For now, any long-term guarantee of 
flat fee levels is a pipe dream. Joshi said. 

"The reality is that the state and UC 
budget has to be approved year-to-year, 
so we have to fight against fee hikes 
every year~ she said. "This one year of 
fee- relief at least shows us it's possible:' 

Because the university cannot roll 
over or exceed its revenue, fi scal .sta-
bility still exists, Joshi said. While the 
cancellation of fee hikes if approved 
by the Legislature places the financial 
burden on the California taxpayer, the 
benefits outweigh the monetary con-
cerns, Staples said. 

"It's all about investing and rein-
vesting. just like with policemen and 
firemen:' he said. "For every doUar put 
into a student, the state gets more back, 
and that's what the UC system brings 
to the table~ 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal .net. 

College Groups Unlikely 
to Block Deep Aid Cuts 

• CUTS, from page I 
the delay as a victory, according to 
Harris. 

Lobbying has. and most likely will 
be. a losing efforl, De Anda said. 

"[College lobbyists are! not very 
optimi t ic, but they are still trying; 
De Anda said. "It's my understand-
ing that the [Senate] changes were 
on ly small technical ones and the 
House will accept them and move 
on." 

Provisions in the latest bill ver-

sion included an addi tional "merit" 
Pell grant added for freshmen and 
sophomores. 

A Iso, upperclassmen majoring in 
speci fic technical fields may qualify 
for additional Pell grants, according 
to De Anda. 

PLUS loan eligibility would also 
be extended to graduate and profe -
sional students. 

Readers can contact Erika Cervantes 
at ecervantes@ucsd.edu. 

• NURSES, from page 1 
not address the crucial question of 
staffing ratio - which was at the 
heart of the dispute - with both 
parties instead agreeing to allow for 
an independent arbitrator to make 
a final, and binding, decision on the 
issue. 

The staffi ng.que tion was largely 
responsible fur exacerbat ing the rift 
between the two sides early last year, 
when chwarzenegger attempted 
to block an increase in mandated 
nursing levels in the state's hospi-
tals that was signed into law by 
his Democratic predecessor. During 
the ensui ng confusion, the nurses 
demanded that the university write 

.the higher ratios into any new con -
tract ; CNA painted the UC refusal 
to do so as a n attempt to ally with 
the governor. 

As talks grew bitter, especially 
when the nurses scheduled a one-
day walkout only to be blocked fr.om 
striking by a judge's injunction, the 
union linked the UC negotiations 
to a larger political dispute between 
the governor and the state's public 
employees' unions. 

In its s tatement, the union 
maintained that connection, argu-
ing that the "UC nurses' II -month 
contract fight coincided with 
Schwarzenegger's attack on nurses, 
teachers and firefighters this year:' 

"UC has been a close ally of the 
Schwarzenegger administration in 
his attempts. to reduce public sec-
tor pension (including UC) and to 
weaken the staffing ratios governing 
hospital staffing in California:' the 
CNA stated. 

Both the university and the state 
Public Employment Relations Board, 
which joined the request asking the 
courts to block the nurses' strike, 
'Vehemently denied . that politics 
played any role. 

I n recent months, the unions were 
strengthened by two events: a defeat 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS 

mondc}! 
ianuary 9 

of Schwarzenegger's self-proclaimed 
"reform agenda" in the November 
statewide special election and con-
troversy surrounding the transparen-
cy of Ihe university's compensation. 

The CNA, with other state-work-
er union , spent tens of millions of 
dollars to defeat the sovernor-backed 
initiatives and looked at the outcome 
as a political victory. Several weeks 
later, the San Francisco Chrollic/e 
began .. publishing a series of arti -
cles sugge ting that the university 

UChas been a 
dose ally of the 

. Sdtwarzenegger 
administration in his 
attempts to reduce 

puhlk sector 
. " penSIOns ... 

- California Nurses Association 

gave more than $800,000 in previ-
ously unreported compensation to 
its workers last year and may have 
violated UC policy in offering hal f a 
million dollars to a UC Davis admin-
istrator who th reatened to sue the 
university for racial discrimination. 

The report stoked the fires of 
nurses' union leaders, who had 
all along accused the university of 
ignoring the needs of its workers 
while bestowing riches on the medi-
cal 'center executives. 

In e-mail feedback collected by 
the university through a special Web 
site set up in response to the articles, 
and obtained by the Chronicle under 
t.he state's public records act, several 
responders claiming to be workers . 
tied the compensation controversy to 

the cont ract talks. 
"SHA ME . ON YOU PIGS AT 

THE TROUGH!I!" stated one COI11 -
ment, signed as "a UC manager:' 
"PARTICULARLY WHEN YOU 
UNDER-PAY MOST EMPLOYEES 
and . ACT AS AN 'ENRONI 
WORLDCOM TYPE' WHE 
YOU BARGAI DISHONE TLY 
W ITH THE UNIONS. YOU HAVE 
TARRED ALL. OF U WITH 
YOU R SHAMEFUL f.ND GREEDY 
TACTIC :' 

In response to cri ticisl11, the 
regen ts of the university asked a 
blue-ribbon commitlee to conduct 
an independent audit. 

Because of the political nature of 
the talks between the university and 
the nurses, they may offer a preview 
for the entire state in the upcoming 
year. [n 2006. 18 of the 21 bargaining 
units repre enting California's public 
employees will be in contract talks. 

The UC agreement, though, is 
likely only a temporary detente; in 
the spring, the CNA and the uni -
versity will reopen the newly signed 
contract to discuss retirement and 
health benefits, among other equally 
contentious issues. 

Readers can contact Vladimir Kogat! 
at vkogan@ucsd.edu. 

C rosswo rdSolutions 
V 3 S VI 1;1 3 3 s i aN v , 3 
aWl' 3003 13NVd 
1 VI;ln 81;1 n::> "'~Ol;l'" 
3 N I HS .... 1;I3WO:J 

SVO W3H 
A ... SVj08 011;19 13S 
N 9 I 3 I;l. N 3 d 0 . 1 N rnr-v 
N 3 H 1 O]N ...M a NIA !:l 3 

" 3 2.~ V 5 . 3.1 V 93 1 
dOS 013M 3dd"'!:l~ 

N31 V!:l 3 

" , 0"." " " " " 31;100V SV31 l dVI;IM 
3 n El v H V 3 I;l V A' I 0 
Sdll;ll ON ... S 10HS 

The #1 portable guide to 
campus events afld info 

Grab a PEG at EDNA in 
the Price Center todayl 



4 
CO TACT THE EDITOR 

Mariann e Madden 
opinioll@tlC dguardiall.org 

THE~GUARDIAN 
OPINION 

Web poll I How will you vote in the A.S. special election? 
I Overrule only the nudity regulations 
l JReject only "Koala TV· ban 
IOverturn both pieces oflegislation 
I Uphold SRTV regulations passed by the A.S. Council 
IlIWili not vote 

Vote on the new question at wUlUI.llcsrlguuraiulI.org. 
_ ____________________ MONDAY,,JANUARY 9, 2006 ___________________ _ 

When RealJudicial Conservatives Attack 
If there's anything to be learned from the intelligent design debate, 
it's that branding "activist judges" is the hobby of bitter losers, 

By Hanna Camp 
A 0 ' IATE O PINI ON EDITO R 

For those who care about the fight over evolution in biology classrooms, Christmas came 
five days early when the Kitzmiller 
v. Dover Area School District ruling 
was handed down. In his decision. 
judge john E. Tones III ruled lhat 
not only is the theory of intelligent 
dt'sign religion poorly dressed in .sc i-
ence language, teaching it in class 
is an outright violation of the First 
Amendment. 

The ruling was a concise and dev-
astating demonstration of how law, 
precedent and evidence can come 
together to drive complete nonsense 
out of the courtroom. But if the after-
math of the event proves anything. it 
proves that nine times out of 10, if 
someone accuses a judge of being an 
"activist:' it is because he disagrees 
with the ruling and wants to make 
it clear to like-minded followers that 
they only lost because the liberals 
are keeping them down. Gratuitous 
overuse has, in just a-few short years, 
turned the phrase "judicial activism" 
from a.description of an actua] prob-
lem in the legal system into a catch -
all keyword for any ruling that social 
conservatives dislike. 

During the months between the 
initial suit and the fina] decision , a 
high-powered law firm from Chicago 
volunteered some of its best to repre-
sent the plaintiffs pro bono, defend-
ers of evolution and intelligent design 
mobil ized, and few people really 
cared other than cqurt watchers, biol-
ogy nerds and a suspicious number 
of creationist g roups. The trial went 
well for the plai ntiffs: Their witnesses 
and evidence were presented expertl y 
and profeSSionally, and it never hurts 
when at least two of the witnesses 
for the defense are caught perjur-
ing themselves in their depositions. 
Advocates for teaching actual science 
in school science classes were fa irly 
confident that Jones was going to rule 
in their favor. 

When it came, the ruling was 
ign ificant enough to earn a slightly 

wider audience than the aforemen-

tioned ourt watchers, biology nerds 
and crea tionists. Wh at drew inter-
est from newcomers was not th e 
minutiae of the trial, but the scope 
of Jones' ruling and the corn for the 
Dover School Board's actions that 
practically radiated off the pages. He 
ruled both that intelligent design was 
a religious idea, and that teaching 
it in a science class was an uncon-
stitutio nal establishment of religion 
by the state. He didn't stop there, 
however . . 

"It is ironic:' he wrote, "that several 
of these individuals, who so staunch-
ly and proudly touted their religious 
convictions in public, would time 
and again lie to cove r their tracks and 
disguise the real purpose behind the 
intelligent design policy:' 

Such harsh language might pro-
voke some sympathy for intelligent 
design advocates, if they hadn't 
immediately demonstrated how 
much they deserved it by respond-
ing - not with scientific arguments 
for intelligent design or legal prec-
edent to contradict jones' ruling -
but with ridiculous name-calling. 
The Discovery Institute, the leading 
center of ID IIdvocacy, referred to 
Jones as "an activist judge with delu-
sion s of grandeur." Bill O'Reilly a lso 
brought out the "X' word on his show. 
Richard Land, spokesman for the 
Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics 
and Rel igious Liberty Commission 
and noted drama queen, declared 
him the poster ch ild for "a half-
century secularist reign of terror." 
The America n Family Association , 
having apparently rea a differe nt 
rul ing th an the rest of America, 
insisted that judges were so eager 
to keep God out of schools th at they 
would throw o ut even scientific evi -
dence fo r Him. Funny how so m any 

. creation ist groups seemed to have 
missed the memo that in tell igent 
design isn't supposed to be about 
God at all. 

It was depre singly predictable 
that the intelligent design crowd 
would saturate the Internet with cries 
of judicial activism . regardless of the 
actual legal soundness of the ruling. 
In only a few years, intellectually lazy 

political leaders have morphed an 
honest problem in the judiCiary that 
deserves serious debate into short-
hand for social conservatism's fl avor 
of the week. T he phrase has been 
spread around ' so much and applied 
to so many people that it only has 
meaning within the context of 
someone's rant. It is the polit ico- • 
speak equivalent of "dude:' 

Only when one learns 
that Jones was appointed 
by George W. Bush and 
had conservative back-
ers that iI .e1uded 
the likes of 
Tom Ridge 
and Rick 
Santorum 
can 

a p preciate 
howindiscrim-
inately the term is t h row n 
around. jones is demonstrably a judi-
cial conservative. In fac t, he's the kind 
of strict constructionist that social 
conservatives claim to want on the 
bench. Their mistake is in assuming 
that the law and their ideology must 
necessarily be the same thing. 

I n the end, no one could defend 
jones better than he did himself. 
He saw the breathless accusations 
of judicial activism coming a mile 
away. and refuted them within the 
text of the ruling. In his concfusion 

he wrote: "Those who dis-
agree with our holdmg will likely 

mark it as the product of an activ-
ist judge. If so, they will have erred 
as this is manifestly m~ t an activist 
C ourt. Rathpr. th is -:ase came to us 
as the res"l, of the activism of an iIl-
informed faction on a school board, 
aided by a national public interest 
law firm eager to find a constitutional 
test case on intelligent deSign, who 
in combination drove the Board t<? 
adopt an imprudent and ultimately 
unconstitutional policy. The breath-
taking inanity of the Board's decision 
is evident when considered against 
the factual backdrop, which has now 

JENNIFER HSU/GUARDIAN 

been full,. revealed through this trial . 
The students, parents, and teachers 
of the Dover Area School District 
deserved better than to be dragged 
into this legal maelstrom, with its 
resulting utter waste of monetary and 
personal resources." 

jones knew his name would be 
dragged through the mud and is~ued 
the correct ruling anyway. One can 
only hope that the utter ch ildishness 
of the intelligent design response will 
alienate even more sensible people, 
and that the phrase "judicial 'ctiv-
ism" will from now on be used only 
by those who know what they're 
talking about. No bets 'on t~e latter. 

Chancellor Fox on Ethjcal Values: 'Do As We Say, Not As We Do' 
M any important things hap- "excellence," "accountability" and however, outgoing Director of So much for professional aUe- the SRTV debacle. During last year's • pened on Dec. 16, from "respect." Student Policies and judicial Affairs giance. student co-op crisis, while wearing progress in the Doha Section eight of the document, for Nicholas Aguilar di sagreed . Finally, there is the commitment the hat of the University Centers 
round of international trade talks example, states: "The legal provisions Instead , Aguilar argued that the that UC employees and students director, Ratcliff was asked by the 
to new revelations about potentially lof the 'public right to info rmation. University of alifornia's legal auton- "will conduct ourselves with integrity University Centers Advisory Board 
illegal spying by the ' Bush admin- access'] and the luniven\ity] policies omy made it so that the new rights in our dealings with and on behalf why student-funded facilities were 
ist ra tion . Chancellor Marye Anne are based upon the principle that did not apply to the university and of the university:' a commitment not overseen by an actual board 
Fox's exercise in hypocrisy and self- access to information concerning the that the right to oversee "the conduct that has surely not been met in the of student directors, instead of an 
glorification was not one of them. conduct of the people's business is a of the people's business" stopped at recent controversy over Student-Run impotent and symbolic "advisory" 

That day, Fox sent an e-mail to all fundamental and necessary right of the borders of UC campuses. Television pornography. body. 
university eniployees telling them of every person, as is the right of indi- So much for the university's com- Si nce last March, university He didn't answer. Of 'aU of his 
a new "Statement of Ethical Values viduals to privacy:' mitment to constitut ional ri~hts . administrators have insisted that the years as the University Centers head, 
and Standards of Ethical Conduct" Just two months ago, the Guardian Another part of Fox's e-mail matter was largely a student issue, Ratcliff said instead, "I have never 
adopted by the UC Board of Regents, appealed to campus administrato rs, states that university employees "are to be hand led by the students. Fox done anything the students didn't 
and "aski ng all of urging the m to expected to d~vote primary profes- reiterated that stance to Fox News in want me to do." 
you to read thi block the creation sional allegiance to the university and October. There is a first time for every-
clearly artic ulated Hats of a secret e-maiJ to the mission of teaching, research Fast-forward to November. and thing, ~s Ratcliff proves today by 
statement of val- Off Ii stserv by our and public service;' and that "out- Dr. Fox became Mr. Hyde, as the continuing to block SRTV's return, 
ues and conduct." very own student side professional activities, personal university refused student govern- even as the students continue to 
What Fox didn't government - a fi nancial interests or acceptance of ment leaders' demands to bring the make clear that it's something they, 
say is that UCSD Vl a dimir Iistservwhere "the benefits from tHird parties can create station's broadcast back on air and in fact, do 'not want him to do. 
ad min i s tra to r s co nduct of the actual or perceived conflicts between issued its own list of demands that It seems that enforcing made-
have operated, and people's business" the univ\!rsity's mission and a n indi- makes Au tria's ultimatum to Serbia up rules about student television is 
conti nue to do so, with disregard [ 0 would be closed to public inspection. vidual's private interests:' in the run-up to World War, I look easier than enforcing real rules about 
the spirit - and, in some cases, the The paper based it appeal on a new I n August, the Sail Diego Union- like a Christmas card. integrity. 
letter - of these very standards. section of the California Constitution Tribune reported that Fox sat on So where was the university's Surely, UCSD administrators 

The six-page document star ts ad ded by state vote r in 2004; which four corporate boards - the most of integrity the n? could use some help in finding ethi-
out as most other flowery, affected made access to "the people's busi - any UC chancellor. By comparison. Then the re is acting Ass istant cal values and standards. Sadly. lhe 
proclamations, rei terating the un i- ness" a co nstitutional 'right. the heads of six UC campuses sit on Vice Chancellor of Student Life Gary regents' regal pronouncement does 
vers ity' commilment to "integri ty; In a h ighly legali stic response, no ne. R. Ratcliff, the man at the center of little in that regard. 

wi 

The views exp res d herein do no t necessarily rep res nt the opinions of the U SD Gu a rdi a n, the University of California or Associated Students. 

M ONDAY, JANUARY 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR-----
Scientists Agree on 

Dangers of Warming 
Dear Editor: 

In the Dec. t issue of th e 
Guardian , David Cerutti presents 
an inSightful discussion of the sci -
ence and politics of global warming. 
Many of his observations and gen-
eral conclusions are certainly valid. 
However, he is far too lax regard -
ing the scientific evidence, and he 
certainly seems to want to mislead 
the reader. 

For example, he states at the 
beginning of his article: "The com-
mon pe rceptions of global warming 
amount to monstrous fantas ies prop-
agated by the mainstream media . 
The not ion that globa l warming, if 
it occu rs at all ... is President George 
W. Bush's fa ult is ridiculous." 

No one to my knowledge has ever 
sugges t.ed that Bush is solely respon -
sible for global warming. What is 
he respo nsible fo r? He has ignored . 
denied and suppressed the scien-
tine evide nce and promoted global 
warming by ( I ) giving rebates to 
Hummer buyers while elim inating 
rebates fo r hybrid buyers, (2) cut-
ti '}g research budgets and incentives 
for the development of fuel -efficient 
vehicles, (3) cutting research bud-
gets and incentives for the devel -
opment of methods designed to 
minimize the need for fossil fuel 
consumption, (4) providing benefits 
to wealthy (contributing) ranchers 
who produce meat (which requires 
the excessive use of fossil fuels and 
is a major cause of the destruction 
of our forests worldwide), (5) act-
ing in what he erroneously believes 
to be the in terests of his corporate 
donors by relaxing pollution restric-
tions rather than representing the 
people of the United States, etc. 

Professor Naomi Oreskes (of the 

UCSD history department. with a 
specialty in science history) stud-
ied 1,000 recent peer- reviewed, ran -
domly selected publications writ -
ten by climate change experts. She 
published her results in top journals 
as well as the popular media. J n 
an article in the Washington Post, 
Dec. 26, 2004. titled "Undeniable 
Global Wa~ming:' she summarizes 
her finding as follows: 

"Many people have the impres-
sion that there is Significant sci-
entific disagreement about global 
climate change. It's t ime to lay that 
misapprehension to rest. 1'here is 
a scientific consensus on the fact 
that Earth's e1imate is heating up 
and human activities are part of the 
reason. We need to stop repeating 
non ense about the uncertainty of 
global wa rming and start talking 
seriously a bout the right approach 
to address it:' 

The rea lity of global warming 
is not a perception or a fantasy. 
Scientists knolY what's going on and 
it's time to focus on the fact of global 
warming. It's time for America to 
live in reality rather than a fantasy 
world. 

- Milton Saier 
Professor of Biology, UCSD 

Public A.S. E-mail List 
Established for Students 
Dear Editor: 

I would like to inform you of a 
new opportunity for all students at 
UCSD to receive the e-mail corre-
spondence between members of the 
A.S. Council. In an attempt to provide 
more openness on the happenings of 
the council, I decided to create a pub-
lic e-mail list to allow my colleagues 
the opportunity to also receive this 

information. Furthermore, as current 
debate has risen regarding who may 
be allowed to join the A . . Council 
e-mail list (a scouncil@ucsd.edu) , I 
thought it would be a good idea to 
provide all students this opportunity, 
not just the people I may know. 

Given this, a new public e-mail 
list has been established. Any e-mails 
sent to the "ascounci/@ucsd.edu" e-
mail list wiU be au tomatically redis-
tributed to the public list" as-public-
I@ucsd.edu". If any student is inter-
ested in the discussion taking place 
in the A.S. Council, they may self-
subscribe to the public list by send-
ing an e-mail to "Iistserv@ucsd.edll" 
with the message "add as-counci l-I" 
(the last letter is the letter L, not the 
numbe r I). They will reLdve a con-
firmation of this action. Similarly, if 
one no longer wishes to be on the list, 
the message would become "delete 
as-council -I." 

- Garo Bournoutian 
Alumni Representative to the 

A.S. Council 

~ The Guardian welcomes letters 
from its readers. A ll letters must be 
no longer than 500 words, typed, 
double-spaced and signed with a 
name and applicable tit/e. Letters 
must also contain a phone number. 
We reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped 
off at the Guardian office on the 
second floor of the Student Center or 
e-lfIQi/ed. Send all letters to: 

The UCSD Guardian 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: 
letters@ucsdguardian.org 

r 

I 

FIND I 
I 1111111111115 

• .... 
c. ..... S 
... 
... 
..... 

".1_ 

I 

OPIN ION 5 

UTC ' LA JOLLA ' ClCSD YOUR SOURCE FOR YOUR BEST TAN 
Home of the 

3251 Holiday Ct. #t04 
858·455-0909 
~o!e ~aL CepY ... as!0~ ~om ~I ~ri!.O ~nd}~~ .!I0~O~ 
: Mystic'an ::l~ $18B8 

SUNLESS: Buy 1 Get 1 :: I'SD~HLIMITED 
I FREE II MONTHLY 
I F ' I II TANNING 
• Irst tIme customers on y. , See salon for details. TAN I __ ?,:~/~ __ ~ I __ ?r:.21.?/~ __ 

or less) ,- - - - - - - - - ,- - - - - - - - -
, ~tic 'an :, Buy Iny 5 TANS 
, orUItr.kd ,I GET 5 FREE 
, BUY 5 $,95 ,I Including Mystic 
, for only a. I I and Ultra 
, I' 
I PI •• s. UCSO 10 See salon for details. 
1 __ 

--' 

RICOH Color Laser Printers 
CL2000N Color Laser Printer 
Up to 16.9 Pages Per/Min. 
Full Color, Network Ready. 
Beautiful 1200x1200dpi Resolution 
64MB RAM, 530 Sheet Paper Tray. 

High-Speed & High Efficiency in an 
Affordable, Compact Color Laser Printer 

HypheNet Your Technology Resource 
Offering Solutions From: Custom Servers, Workstations, 

Security, Remote Access, Storage, Onsite/Remote Su~port 
- Call for a Free 30-Day AntiSpam/Spyare Eval-Appliance -

To Order Call: 619·325-0990 
• Allow 2-3 Weeks for iP~d Delivery 

,fashion 
that 

pays to 
berne 

-------- -•• 
We now accept triton plus 
~ creative ingredients 

~ 
zpizza 

8657 
Villa La Jolla Drive 

Suite 109 
San Diego, CA 92037 

858-450-0660 

Brin 
ad I 

250/0 

-
, 

I 
I 
I 



6 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Christin e Pae 
!ealllres@Llcsdguardia'l.org 

THE~GUARDIAN 
FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

PERSPECTIVE 
:emocrat and Republican 

doesn't matter one iota in 
student government .. ?' 

- Daniel Watts, senior, Earl Warren College 
MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 2006 - _______________________ _ 

IJCS)),S VARIEIl POLITICAL SPECTRIJM 
By Vladimir Kogml 

$[ lOR STArr WRITER 

W hen the ollege Republi cans hi t the tree ts with sweets, it's not your mother's regu-la r neighbo rhood PTA bake sale; it's a po lit ical protest. 
And so it was last spring, when the d ub held 

its "Affirmative Action Bake Sale" on Library 
Walk - charging customers rates determined by 
their race, with white paying the most. The other 
side of the political spectrum, of course, has had 
its fun too, with a plethora of student groups 
offering everyth ing from movies condemning 
human righ ts violation abroad to pamphlets 
urging a communist revolution at home. 

Yet thi fierce partisan split enjoys no analo-
gous equivalent in the other facet of campus 
poli ti cs: student government. According to many 
Pdst and prescnt student government leaders, this 
trange separation between campus is ues and 

larger political questions is not accidenta\. 
"Democrat and Republican doesn't matter 

one iota in tudent government, because they're 
not going to decla re war on Iraq:' said Ea rl 
Warren College senior Daniel Watts, former 
chai rman of UC D's College Republicans and a 
spring 2005 candidate for A.S. president. 

After all. attempting to pigeonhole student 
IS ues under partisan labels is difficult. Do civil 
libertarians oppo e the school's as cnsion into 
N AA Division I athletic? And do environ men-
tali Is pick different student representat ives for the 
Transportation P@icy Committee, which over ee 
parki ng issues, than religious fundamentalists? 

When ideology doe collide with campus 
issues, the re ults are sometimes surpris ing. 
For example, Sixth College en ior enator Mat! 
Corrales, who often extols progressive politics o n 
hi blog, is also one of the loudest advocates of 
fiscal responsibi lity on the A.S. Council , voting 
again t almost every attempl to increase var ious 
part. of the student government's budget. 

Wall. hilmelf is emblematic of this melting 
pot: Dc,pllc his role in the College Republicans, 
\\ ',ltt. i11'>lst. he's actually a libertarian , though he 
.11,,, atte nds a nieeting of the College Democrats 
IiO\\, .1Ild then. In 2003, hc competed in the 
'tJI~'S gubernatorial n~call elc(tion - as a Green 
Part\' candidate. . 

"The most important thing is Ihat pOliliC 
make, strange bedfellows, especia ll y at UCS D:' 
,aid Bryan Barton. a U D graduate who's run -
ning for the 53 rd ongressional District seat in the 

.S. House of Repre entatives as a Republican. 
Barton earned his conservative credenti als 

the hard way. in the trenche . He made natio nal 
head li ne last April when federal immigration 
officials de tained him in Arizona '- at the time, 
Barton was a volunteer with the Minutemen 

Partisanship has a willing home in 
campus culture, but escapes student 

government - here's why. 

JENNIfER HSU/GUARDIAN 

Project - on the suspicion of abusing a Mexican 
immigran t. The immigrant said that, shortly 
after sneaking into the country, he was stopped 
by Barton and asked to pose for a photo on a 
shirt with the words "Bryan Barton caught me 
crossi ng the bord er and all I got was thi lousy 
T-shi rt." The matter was fi nally ruled a misun-
derstand ing and Barton was set free. 

At UCSD, Barton did nol hunt illegal immi-
grants (though he did try to run for student 
government president). In hiS campus agita-
tion, including his rccenl attacks against the A.S. 
Council for its role in the Student-Run Television 
porn nasco, Banon has often partnered with 
alumnus teve York. a Green Party supporter. 

In addition to both acting as ed itor of the 
Koala Barton said the two men were " taun h 
allies:' though "in the grand scheme of politics, 
we have very di ffering [political] opinions:' 

Part of the explan alion for the unusual alli -
ances is the way campus elections work. 

"Your platform is almost entirely irrelevant 
- in fact, the vaguer the platform, th better:' 
said Watts, whose foes acknowledge his brilliance 
when it comes to campus political strategy. "If 

you have absolutely no concrete goals you can 
achieve, you' ll have a better chance of winning." 

Most winning candidates compete on coali-
tion known as "slates; the campus equivalent 
of political parties. And most slates draw their 
support from specific clubs, with cultural organi -
zation being the most important players, though 
endorsements from the Greeks and the Triton 
Athletic Council help as well, according to Watts. 

Instead of forming slates wi th like-minded 
people, winning teams reach out to the broad -
est coalition possible, to tap into a larger pool of 
would -be-voter "fr iends;' a pro ess Watts says 
is analogou to tentacles uf an octopu rea -hing 
o ut in different direction. 

" If you have nve people on your slate, you 
want each person on your slate to be the presi-
dent of a d ifferent organizat ion:' Watts aid. 

Political ideology can come into play, too. 
"We are a progreSSive late, unapologiz-

ing progressives, and we're damn proud of it;' 
UCSD alumnus Harish Nandagopal screamed 
at a rally in 2004 . 

At the time, Nandagopal was competing to 
become A.S. president on the Students Fi rst! 

slate; he lost to a candidate that did not mention 
ideologicaJ politics on the campaign stump. 

"The mistake I made is that - well , it wasn't 
quite a mistake - I made very clear what my 
views were;' Nandagopal recalls now. 

A large majority of the campus' students 
lean to the left, as a Guardian exit poll at the 
2004 presidential election sh"wed, and so do 
the majority of the student elected to the A.S. 

ounci\' However, this left-of-center majority 
breaks down furthe r into "progress ives" and 
more moderate "liberals," with the two g roups 
butting heads in campus elections. 

[n 2002. the College Republicans ran their 
own New Wave slate, only to see it routed, with-
out a single candidate winning a seat on the A.S. 
Council. The mistake, according to Barton, is 
that the slate was not diverse enough, because 
"the College Republicans don't have the power to 
take over UCSD alone." 

"If the Republicans tart running a slate, they 
would just lose;' Nandagopal said. "The most 
they have been able to do is disrupt elections:' 

That is exactly what happened three year 
ago, when several ollege Republicans mem-
bers devised what UCSD graduate Phil Palisoul 
once called the "bigge t anti -campaign the world 
had ever seen ." The plan, created by Palisoul, 
alumnus Ryan Darby and other , resulted in the 
disqualification of the entire Student First! slate. 
Both and Palisoul and Darby now serve on the 
executive committee of the California College 
Republicans, although the damning video that 
led to the disqualification was filmed by Green 
Party supporter York. 

Barton attempted to take control of student 
government in another way; a "coup." In spring' 
of 2004, he marched into an A .. Council meet-
ing with masked troops armed with water guns, ! 
water balloons - and a goat. He warned that if 
the counci l did not give up power voluntarily' 
to Barton and the goat, who wo uld serve as 
co-dictators of the new student government, 
it would be overth rown. The coup fai led, and _ 
the stunt ea rned Barton a one-year suspension 
from campus. 

What the College Republicans have lacked 
in campus political success, though . they have 
made up on the natio nal scale. Their national 
umbrella organization ontrol a $17-mi l-
lion budget , a goliat h when compared to the 
re ources of its De mocratic co unterpart. 

At Berkeley, a campu known for it liberal 
slant, o llege Republican are one of the largest 
tudent groups on campus. 

After the recent wave of federal cam-
paign finan ce reform , the national College 
Republicans organization has reinvented itself 
as a "527" - a group similar to MoveOn.org 
and Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , allowed to 

l POLITICS, page.? ] 

PAYING A HIGHER PRICE NONRESIDENTS CHALLENGE A CALIFORNIA LAW THAT LETS SOME UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS LEARN AT RESIDENT TUITION RATES 
By Mantfflc Fedcr;s 

ASS lATE Fa US EDITOR 

I t wa through an ad in the cam-pus newspaper that a UC Davis student learned that he was pay-ing more in tuition as a nonresi-dent than some undocumented 
immigran ts, who are allowed to pay 
tuition at resident rates. As a U .. ci ti -
zen. haning Jang said that he felt the 
difference was unfa ir. 

lang was not alone in his rea -
tion. Last month, he joined 38 other 
nonresident tuition payers as plaint iffs 
in a cia, -action lawsuit challenging a 
( ahfernia law that allows universities 
to offer undocumented immigrant 
the opportunity to pay in-state tuition. 

··Thls lawsuit is important because 
it i ~ our way, a citizen , to ensu re 
equality for all U.S. citiz.ens:' lang said. 

'1 he California law (A B 540), 
pa_sed in 2001 , allow any high chool 
graduate who ha~ been a re,idcnt for at 
1,'<1« three year:, to pay in -~ talc tuition, 
r~gard les, of the tudent', immigra-
t'OIi .tatus. Student. \ 0 do nOI ha ve 
legal Itdtm are also required to sign an 
affidavit saymg that they are actively 

pursuing citizenship. 
"We believ our poUcies are con-

sistent with federal and state laws:' 
University of California Office of the 
President Ravi Poorsina said. "It isn't 
based on [legal] residency and is not 
targeted towards immigrant :' 

Poorsina said that 70 percent of 
those who benefit from the in-state 
exemption policy are actually U.S. 
citi zens. According to Poorsina, some 
situatio ns could in volve students 
who attendcd and graduated ' from 
Calif< rn ia high schools but who e par-
ents moved out of state aftcrwards. 

Ilowevcr, the lawsuit argues that 
the A B 540 violates a provision in 
the I!!cgal Immigration Reform and 
Immigrant Rcspon-ibility Act passed 
in 1998 barring undocumcnted immi-
grant. from "any postsecondary edu-
cation benefll" unless United tate, 
cilizens are also offered the same ben-
efit •. 

Kri s Kobach , a University of 
Missouri Kansds Oty law prolcssor 
and part of the legal team represcl1tlllg 
the plaintiffs said th~ California law 
pa ed even though there were already 
questions about its Validity. 

"The law passed in California, but 
fo rmer Governor Gray Davis vetoed 
it saying it violated federal law and 
exposed the state to possible lawsuits:' 
Kobach said. "But a few years later, the 
governor was in a different political 
climate and allowed the law to eventu-
ally pass:' 

For UC Davis veterinary student 
Suzanne Kattija-Ari, who paid out-
of-state undergraduate tuition, the 

a1ifornia law does not make sense. 
"[ A B 5401 provides a benefit at the 

expense of families who are abiding by 
the laws of the state and the nation;' 
Kattija-Ari said. 

In 2005, U und rgraduate 
Californ ia residents will pay $6,769 
in student fees while nonresidents will 
pay a $17,304 tuition fcc. According 
to the lawsuit, "combined with other 
fees result ing in 'total non resident tu-
dent charge ;' nonresidents actually 
pay $24,589. 

If the lawsuit succeeds, AB 540 
would be repealed and the government 
of Californi a wOllld have to reimburse 
nOlue idents who paid the higher 
tuition slIlee the law pas cd. Kobach 

I TUITION. page 81 J 

MONDAY, IANUARY 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN FOCUS 7 

CROSSWORD 

ACROSS 

1 Fired off 
5 Kind of lrap 
9 Excur!tions 
) 45 Unctuous 
, Geometry calculalion 
16 n,e _ (World Court 

si te) 
17 O uler garment 
18 Herb. 1 drinks 
19 Dole on 
20 NOI even once 
23 Period of not 
24 Novelist Deighton 
25 Th ick shake 
29 Melal seam 
31 Soak through 
34 Sanctioned 
35 Perfora lion 
36 Unchanged 
37 OccaSionally 
40 Polly, to Tom Sawyer 
41 Broad-minded 
42 I lold sway 
43 Salon offering 
44 Crisscross framework 
45 Indian port 
46 Haw' ompanion 
47 Dodg fuel 

48 For certain 
57 Plea ant smell 

8 Restrain 
59 RUCiisian river 
60 Discussion group 
6 I Slighl advantage 
62 Trunk prOJ"<-tion 
63 African anlelope 
64 Prognosl icalor 
6S O ut of port 

DOWN 

Planted, as grass 
Increase slaff 
Patron saini of 
Norway 

4 ClaSSify 
5 Sa rcasti wil 
6 Sene of Ihe ad Ion 
7 Shipshape 
8 Recipe soupcon 
9 Defrosled 
10 Bad gas in a home 
I t Frank .. nstein ·s helper 
12 Sound of rippling 

wale' 
11 Kernel 
2 1 Answf'r hack 

22 Barkin or Burstyn 
25 Dog's bane 
26 Theatri ca l produclion 
27 Ta lenl broker 
28 Splil up 
29 Rea lly impres>Cd 
30 Spirited slyle 
3 I Respe tful Hindu IiIle 
32 Last Greek leiter 
33 Cenl 
35 Pueblo dweller 
36 TIlOrn sile 
38 Bell ini opera 
39 Metal scum 
44 President Ford 
45 Close shave masler 
46 Macho characlers 
47 Pi g out 
48 l'art o f Balman's garb 
49 Voiced 
50 Actress Freeman 
5 t lial ian Ireal 
52 locking shade 
53 Luau entertll i llmenr 
54 Wriler Murdoch 
55 Chrislen 
56 Exile isle 

See solution on page 3 

Ideology 
divorced from 
A.S. politics 
~ POLITICS, from page 6 
collect a n unlimited amount in cam-
paign contributions, which are used 
to support Republican candidates in 
national races. 

Last summer, Mich'ael Davidson, 
a UC Berkeley graduate and former 
chairman of the Califo rnia ollege 
Republi cans, spent $200,000 try-
ing to capture the group's national 
chairmanship, though he fell just 
short (pOSSibly because of unscru -
pulous campaigning by his oppo -
nent), despite endorsements from 
Ann Coulter and tHe 50 11 of fo rmer 
President Ronald Reagan. 

The job is an important one: Past 
chairmen include Presid ent George 
W. Bush's top adviser Karl Rove and 
lobbyist Jack Abramoff, who sh ok 
the Washington establishment last 
week by pleading guilty to a slew of 
criminal charges. College Democ rats 
have no eqUivalent. . 

At UCSD, though, that sort of 
politics seems far, far away. By tradi -
tion, econd week of winter quarter 
marks the start of UCSD's election 
season. This year, Watts predicts a 
presidential contest between A.S. 
Vice President Finance G reg Murph y, 
Vice President of Academic Affairs 
Harry Khanna and Revelle College 
Senior Senator Rachel Corel\. 

If the prediction pans out , the 
competition will be fi erce, though 
probably not ideological : All three 
candidates enjoy similar records on 
A.S. pOSitions and all three have strong 
ties to the Greek community. And 
Watt says he' ll throw his hat into the 
ring, too; he' ll even stay a six th year, if 
he gets elected. 

However, Watts doesn't say if he'll 
follow his own campaign advice and 
run on a platform that is "almost entire-
ly irrelevant:' 

Get Relllly for the Winter Job & Internship Fair! 
Connect with opportunities for a variety of majors! 
Tuesday, January 17th 
10:30a.m.-2:30p.m. 
Library Walk (Rec Gym if rain) 

• 

• 

Meet informally with over 
90 employers 

* * 

king the Most of the Job Fair 
. Thursday, January 12, 1 p.m.- 3p.m. 

Coming to the Winter Job Fair? Get started 
with our essential tips on preparing for the 
Fair, making the best use of your time, and 
impressing potential employers! 
Have your resume handy for the second 
hour, when our expert career advisors will 
individually critique your resume and help 
you make it shine! Discuss internship, part-

time, and full-time job 
opportunities 

Co-sponsored by • 
Will you be there? Can't make it to the Job Fair? 

Try On-Campus Interviewing! II • 
an up-ta-date list of visiting employers 

at http://career.ucsd.edu/sa/jobfairs.shtml 

Top employers visit campus throughout the quarter to 
recruit for special internships and full -time positions. 
Learn who's coming and sign up for an interview by 
visiting http://career.ucsd.edu/sa/OCIHome.shtml 

II 
II 
II 
~ View our entire winter events calendar at career.ucsd.edu 
LJ Career Services Center Located on Library Walk 

" , , 858.534.3750 

, , . 
I . , ., 



8 FOCUS 

~ 
Colonial 
Garage 
of La Jolla, Inc. 
Ht'llabl • s,'rvi<'r &. Rrpalr 

We do: 

7618 Herschel Ave. La Jolla, CA 92037 

Oil Change & lube 0 Coolonl 
Change • Shocks & Slruls 
Axles 0 Tire Mount & Balance 
• T ronsmission SeMce • Computerized 
Alignments 0 C·V Joints 0 Timing 
Belts 0 Front End Work 0 Storters 
Air Conditioning Servke • 301c 60k 
90Ic Mainienance Servke 0 AhemoIon 
Exhaust Syslems 0 Batteries 
Diognoslics 0 Tune·ups 0 Check 
Engine Light & More! (858) 454-3347 

\\l'\\.1I111" 1,<· '''" Q I·t S . G d P . I 
lru,kd ,,'n ,,,' 'hllf" ua I y ervlce - 00 rices. 
r--------~--------~ 
I 15% Check I Brakes I 
I Engine I Front Pads Installed I 
I 0 F F Light I $9995* Includes Pads I I I 'Most Cars I 

Exp.2/ 9/ 06 Exp. 2/ 9/ 06 

~--------+--------4 1$20 OFF I Factory Scheduled I Maintenance Service 
I I We service all mileage intervals from I 
I Any Repair* * I 7,500 to 120k as low ~s: I 
I Labor only 2;;;06 I $18995 Exp. I 
.. Not good with other speciols. 2/ 9/ 06 

~--------~--------~ Our mechanics are NOT on commission 
You are NEVER sold something you do not need 

P,ices do nol indude KIa or dilpo~1 'M 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Are RECENT 
you a UCSD 

GRADii 
Do you 
want ......... 

llIIIte .. ln. 
II'ISIIII_ 
DCS ..... lcaI 
,...rcll Clinic 
prior to graduate 
or medical 
school? 

Call Jlnls RIchie 
11858-558-4950. 1203 
to learn more about a 

great opportunity!! 

Do You Want a Career in Sports? 
Earn your Master's degree In 18 months! 

Attend a free info session and 
take the first step toward 

a career in Sport Management. 

February 2 - 6:10 pm 
CalifornJa State Univenity, Long Beach 
The Pyramid, Ukleja Room 
Call (BOO) 963-2250 to R:S.V.P. (Schedule Number- 2143) 

For more information contact: 
Diane Higgs, Program Manager 
at (562) 985-2044 or Ihiggs@csulb.edu 
www.csulb.edu/sportmanagement 

Helping UCSD Graduates Transition 
into Fulfilling Careers 

Compliment your UCSD degree with 
professional development courses 
at UCSD Extension, From Business 
Essentials and Software Project 
Management to Marketing and Drug 
Development, UCSD Extension 
instructors bring real-world knowledge 
to the classroom giving you practical skills 
that will ease your transition from school 
to career. 

UCSD Extension Courses: 
• Enhance your resume 
• Increase your interviewing confidence 
• Provide you with networking opportunities 
• Give you the edge in today 's demanding 

job market 
Create the Career of Your Future - Today! 
extenslon.ucsd.edu 

- UCSD 
EXTENSION 

extension.ucsd.edu 

M NDAY, JANUARY 9, 2006 

In-state tuition policy fires 
up' out-of-state students 

• TUITION, (rom page 6 
said that the class-action lawsuit rep-
resents approximately 60,000 nonresi-
dents in the California public univer i-
ties. It would also et a precedent for 
the nine states that h~ve similar laws 
as California. 

However, Linton Joaquin , 
Executive Director of the National 
Immigration Law Center said that 
if the lawsuit succeeds, the negative 
implications on students who do not 
have legal status would be: tremen-
dous. 

"Children who have lived here most 
of their lives here will be deprived .the 
opportunity to go to ollege;' Joaquin 
said. "It would prevent many high 
school graduates from going for their 
education:' 

The lawsuit has put California at 
the forefront of a continuous battle 
between those who advocate fo r strict-
er immigration policies and those who 
advocate for immigrant rights. 

Ira Mehlman, media director for the 
Federation for American Immigration 
Reform, a national group that pu he 
for stricter immigration policies and 
also helped to fund and fmd plaintiffs 
for the lawsuit, said that the California 
law will only encourage illegal immi-
gration. 

"They are nice incentive to 
remain here illegally;' Mehlman said. 
"The reason we have mass illegal 
immigration is that very often, it 
is rewarded. We offer thousands of 
subsidies for people to come and to 
remain here:' 

But those who advocate for immi-
grant rights say this argument is incor-
rect. 

"I lmmigrants] come here to flee 
the situations in their home coun-
tries, whether economic or political; 
Joaquin said. "They come nere to work 
and to live. Pan of that is having a £am-
ily and having their children receive 
education." 

According to one engineering 
student who did not want to reveal 
his identity or university because 
of his illegal status, the challenges 
that undocumented . students face 
are enormous. He argues that the 
issue for undocumented students is 
not necessarily about in - tate tuition 
but that their inability to fill out the 
FAFSA, a requirement for receiving 
financial aid, gives them very few 
options. Though he does not reside 

in California, his tate i among tho e 
who allow for the in-state tuition 
exemption. 

"In -state tuition is the only 
resourcl. we have;' he said. "Not being 
able to apply for financial aid means 
that I am always late paying for col-
lege, because me and my family have 
to work a long time to make some 
amount of money that is usually still 
not enough." 

upporters for immigrant rights 
also argue that many of the students 
were brought to the country illegally by 
their parents when they were children. 
According to Joaquin, these students 
hould not be puni hed for the actions 

of their parents. 
Kobach and others maintain that 

in-state tu ition policies till encourage 
students to remain in the country ille-
gally. One pos ibil ity, Koba h said, i 
to have the e students go back to their 
home countries temporarily and apply 
for visas from there. 

However, others do not believe that 
this option is realistic for many . 

"This is my home country;' the 
engineering student aid. "Asking 
people in my position to go 'back' is 
pretty much the same as asking any 
American to leave and risk not coming 
back at alL" 

While Kobach and others contin -
ue to work at having in-state tuition 
policies in other states repealed, with 
a similar lawsuit pending in Kansas, 
there are also those working to provide 
undocumented students a path toward 
legal status. 

Among these efforts is the 
Development, Relief, and Education 
for Alien Minors Act, which would 
offer conditional legal status for 
those who were under 16 when they • 
entered the country, have been in the 
country for at least five years, have , 
received a high school diploma or 1 
been accepted to a college. The six-
year conditional status would then 
turn into permanent status for those 
who finish two years of college. It 
would also allow states to pass laws ' 
such as AB 540. The D.R.E.A .M. Act 
was reintroduced to Congress last 
November. 

"IThe D.R.E.A.M. Act) would pro-
vide a way toward legal status for stu-
dents; Joaquin said. "Currently, the 
immigration system is very limited in 
the ways people can qualify to get legal 
permanent status:' 

HII exposures. 
HII Reg 3Smm color print "III. Double Prints. 
• . ~. 10 limll. Sorrq, no IPS. B/W or slides. ,. 
Price Center PI~za 1st AOlr • 858.534.2875 

ttoD-lhurs 7Im-.pm • Frl7lm-GplII • Sat 9i1m-Spm 
'pen "1st SUndl~ IOln-Spm 

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 2006 THE U D GUARDIAN CAMPUS CALENDAR 9 

t.l'l .. THE~GUARDIAN 
ca en~ar~~U~C~S~~~~e~k~~~~9~~~1~5 
Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to www.ucsdguordian.org and link to "Calendar" 
Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

MON JAN 9 
ARTS 

Roma Nights: Audrey - F re e 
performance at Price Center, 
8-9pm . Singers/songw rit -
ers perform weekly inside 
Espresso Roma . 

rUES JANIO 
CAREER 

Finding an Interns.hip or Part-
11me Job - Participating in an 
internship or a part-time job 
can have wide·ranging bene-
fits . Yet, with so many options 
available, which one is right 
for you? Come to the Career 
Services Center, 11 am . 

WED JAN 11 
CAREER 

On-Campus Interviewing 

Orientation - Searching for an 
internship, part-time job ,~ or 
fUll-time job? Try On -Campus 
Interviewing! (On -campus 
interviews run 1/18 - 3/10 by 
appointment only.) Located in 
the Career Serv ices Center, 
1:30pm. 
UCDC Program Info Session 
. Come found out about 
requirements, deadlines, and' 
the application process. spm 
in the Career Services Center. 

5PORT5 

Men's Volleyball vs . Long 
Beach State, 7pm at RIMAe. 

rHURS JAN 12 
Making the Most of the Winter 
Job Fair - Attending the Winter 
Job Fair? Take full advantage 
of the fair with our expert tips, 
and be sure to bring a draft of 
your resume to the workshop 

Island SI. 

• 

Parade Route 

for critique by one of our advi-
sors! Lo cated at the Career 
Services Center, 1 pm . 

FRI JAN 13 
ACADEMIC 

Opening Reception: Josephine 
Baker Centennial Exhibit -
Refreshments w ill be served as 
we celeb rate the opening of an 

exhibit for Josephine Baker's 
centennial. Professor Bennetta 
Jules-Rosette , author 0.1 a new 
book about Josephine Baker, 
curated this exhibit. Exhibit is 
up all through winter quarter. 
Lower level, West wing, Geisel 
Libra ry, 4p m. 

SAT JAN 14 
SPECIAL EVENTS 

26th Annual Martin Luther 
King. Jr. Parade -begins at the 

Padres Tailgale Park at Petco 
Park , Downtown San Diego, 
lOam . 

SUN JAN 15 
Free Sunday Afternoon Tours 
of UCSD - Our adult, volunteer 
tour guides are standing by to 
welcome you to our beautiful 
1200 -acre cam pus . Located 
in the Gi lman Information 
Pavilion at 2 pm . 

MON JA~ 16 
Martinn Luther King Jr. holiday, 
campu? closed . . 

WEEKLY 
ACAOEMIC 

UCSD Language Conversation 
Tables - Bringing together 
native spea kers a n.d Ian gua ge 
learners for inform31 conver-

sa tion in a foreign language . 
Meetings at Cafe Ventanas, 
Week s 2· 10 . For specific 
times and languages, con tact 
ihou se@ucsd.e du . 

RELICiIOUS 

EXPERIENCE CHURCH 
DIFFERENTLY Services 
Sundays 11 am In lhe 
International Center. www. 
Exp e rience Ch u rch 0 iffe re ntly . 
com 

STUDENT ORCiS 

Warren College Residential Life 
- Applications are now avail -
able at the' Warren Res Life 
office for RA and intern po si-
tions . They will be_ due Jan . 
20, and info sessions for appli-
cants will be held next week 
and next quarter. 

Sign up at the following locations: 
)Yarren: Student Affairs Office & Res Life Office 

Revelle: Why Not Here? Lounge Muir: M.O~ M. 
Sixth College: Sixth College Hub (2nd floor) & Res Life Office 

ERC: Student Affairs Office & Res Life Office 
Marshall College: Dean's Office 

Cross·Cultural Center SOLO Office 

FREE T-SHIRT to first 30 students at each sign up location. 
FREE BREAKFAST for all participants. 

For FREE transportation to' and from the Parade meet at the Sun 
God Parking Lot by 8:30 am . . 

If you have your own transportation, you can join UCSD by 9:15 
am at the Parade Staging Area, located at Petco Park's Tailgate 
Park (13th St. and Imperial Ave.) Paid parking is available around 
Petco park. 

The Parade Route will go north on Park Blvd. to J St. 
Sponsored by: C hancellor's Office, Vice C hancellor of Student Affairs, Assist. Vice C hancellor 
of Student Life, SOLO, Associated Students, UCSD Staff Council, UCSD talf As o c., Revelle, 
ERC, Muir, Marshall, Warren and Sixth College Councils, Student Affairs Offices and Residence 
Life Offices, Admissions and Recruitment, LGBT Resource Center, Women's Center, Cross-
Cultural Center, Umbrella Group, IRPS, Pan Hellenic Association. 



10 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
EYEBLINK STUDY - Males need-
ed, 1 B-35, R-handed, drug-free, 
no psychiatric history. Earn up to 
$260! Call 619-543-2314. M-F, 9-4. 
UCSDMC. (1/12) 

Raveleo has sold over 3,500,000 
units world wide, and we've never 
had a vehicle stolen. To learn 
more, go to www.NoHotWire.com. 
(1/3.0) 

EMPLOYMENT 
Financial planner needs help with 
clients services and relations. 
UTC area. Set your own hours. 
Call Michael 858-558-7000 )(391 
(1/17) 

Attention future teachers: Teach fun 
science classes for elementary age 
·students weekday afternoons. $20-
$30 per hour class. Apply online 
www,madsciencesd.org/sandiego. 
(1/1 9) 

Tutors needed for high school 
Algebra, Geometry, Calculus, 
Chemistry and Physics .. Flexible 
evening hours. 6-9pm, $1 D/hr. 

THE U D GUAADIAN 

THE,-,~GUARDIAN 
( , .. 

'CLASSIFIEDS 
The UCSD Guardian reseNe5 the nght to claSSify. edit. delete offenSive wqrds and phalses, 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements Wlthoul pnor notification. The Advertiser WIll not 
hold the Guard/On hable fOi any claims resulting from the publication of the advernsemenL 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy shOUld be reviewed by the 'advertlser for errors. In order to be conected In the next 
regular Issue, all enors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Cled,t will only be 

. given for the inconect portion of the advertisement. There ale no refunds for cancellations. 
PlHse send all correspondence regarding Classifieds 10: 
UCSD Guardian, Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Cilman Drive IOl16, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual location: Siudeni Cenler A. Room 211. 

858-635-8904. All majors wel -
come. (1/19) 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$725.$1050 hourly 
CIIllJacki 

(858)565-2144 
Tutor needed-help with homework 
for 3 elementary school children in 
Ca rmel Valley/ Torrey Hills home. 
2-3 times/week, SIS/hr. taj@ucsd. 

edu. (1/12) 

Swim Instructors $11-17 ·per hour. 
San Diego 858-273-7946. North 
County 760-744-7946. (3/16) 

Tutors/ Academic coaches- SAT 
Prep, Writing. History, Humanities, 
Spanish, Sciences. PT: 2-7:30pm. 
$12-$20/ hr. Please call 858-780-
0288. (1/12) 

FOR RENT 
2 BD, 2 BA newly remodeled in 
Verano near UCSD. Security park-
ing, pools, fitness center, business 
center. $1 850/ mo. Call 858-349-
4912 or 858-405-3581 (1/17) 

1 bedroom apartment, ocean view. 
On an acre close to beach and 
train/bus, 1 person only. $725 + 
utilities. 858-792-7744. (1/9) 

I 3251 Holiday Ct. • across from EI Torito I 
I . (858)~52-99~9 . I Two UCSD Profs looking for baby-l ___ ____________________ ~ 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

. Students: $5 per 20 words 
Faculty & StaH: $7.50 per 20 word. 

All others: $ 11 per 20 words 
Advance payment IS requi red 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

$20.00 per column inch 
Deadlines: 

Pub Dale Display AJs Line Ads 
Mon. 4 pm MON 1 wit 4 pm MON 1 wit 
Thurs. 4 pm TH 1 wk 4 pm TH 1 wit 

sitters to occasionally sit during 
the daytime for our kids (ages 
1-4) when they are home sick 
from school. $10/hour. Please call 
Karen at 619-846-8152. (1/19) 

ANYTHING BUTYOUR SOUL. 

~,~CUARDlAN ClASSIFIEDS 
Part-time help needed in Carmel 
Valley with 7-yr-old daughter and 
5-yr-old son on Tues, Weds and 
Thurs after school from 3-7pm. 
Flexible in pay. Call Leah 619-867-
5734. (1/9) 

Experienced, fun sitter needed 
approx. 10 hours/week for 2 girls, 
ages 5 and 1 1/2. References 
required. Barbara .858-459-7553. 

Head, Neck & 
Spine Center of SO 
Chiropractic care, 
physical therapy, 

Education, Labor and 
Employment Lawyer 

Law Offices of David. S. Bristol 
auto accident speciaist, Representing Students, Faculty, Administrators and Staff 

UCSD insurance accepted 
8950 Villa La Jolla Drive, Ste. 8212, La JOlla , CA 92037 462 Stevens Avenue, Suite 102, Solana Beach, CA 92075 

858-518-3111 Fax 818-558-3841 
www.lajolladc.com 

• Search Engine Optimization Experts - Ranking high in search engines like • 
Google. (Skills needed: analytical, HTMl, thirst for competition) 

" HTMUCSS Web Developers - Coding usable Web sites with CSS (Skills 
needed: XHTML, CSS, Web site usability knowledge, obsessed with details, 
faVOrite movie is Office Space) 
~ Graphic Designers - Creating design concepts with a focus on "Web site 

usability" (Skills needed: Photoshop, Illustrator, trendsetter, has thought about 
redesigning a cell phone's user interface) 

til Project Managers - Oversee and drive all phases of a Web site's develop-
ment life cycle from inception to launch (Skills needed: Organized, multi tasker, 
excellent communication, dreams of being on "The Apprentice") 

Customer Support Technicians - Troubleshoot Web site and email issues 
(Skills needed: analytical. HTMl, CSS. enjoys fixing friends' computers) 

.. Beckend Web Developers - Develop w!lb applications (Skills needed: 
ASP.net, eN. Sal. has contemplated the many uses of RFID tags. owns many 
electroniC gadgets) 

(858)792-1112 

Visit our booth at the UCSO Job Fair 
January 17th: We will be conducting 
on-the-spot interviews. Apply and 
reserve your interview time here: 
http://www.Buah'eaaOLcom/joba 

Business Online is a profltable Internet 
Marketing and Web Development compflny that 
offers tremendous opportunity for growth. We. 
are looking for candidates who want to join a 
dynamic team thai works hard and plays hard. 
We offer great benefits and an energetiC 
atmosphere. Our office is located in downtown 
San Diego and is equipped with a fitness facility. 
racquetball courts, and is minutes from the Gas 
lamp Quarter. 

Do work for companies like~ 

ClleD Smun 

-~ NEe 

MONDAY,JANUARY 9,2006 

(1/9) 

FOR SALE 
Economics 2nd edition for all Econ 
1, 2, 3- S65-8,00d condition. Email 
klle@ucsd.edu or call 619-793-
6988 (1/30) 

Town home near UCSD, 2 bed-
room, 2.5 bath w/ 2 car garage, 
approx. 978 sf, $449,900. Check 
out www.8262GilmanDrive.com; 
call Roy Warfield @ 619-523-1648. 
(1/19) 

WANTED 

Volunt~ers paid $30 for an inter-
view. If you are entirely of Chinese, 
Japanese, or Korean descent, 
age 21-26; call 552-8585 x 5590 
(3/16) 

SERVICES 

www.boulevardautomotive.com 

737 Turquoise in PB! 

858-488-7574 
See the coupon on page 2 

Computer Csychiatrist: Is your 
home computer distracted, angry; 
depressed, sleeping more than it 
should? Would you like the rela-
tionship you've always dreamed 
of? Contact the doctor by email 
or phone. Sliding scale fees. Free 
initial consultation at your home. 
858-452-3777 or jledingh@san. 
rr.com. (2/9) 

PERSONALS 
Blockbuster's online movie order-
ing is highly overrated. You put 
"Four Brothers· and "Wedding 
Crashers" on your wi;h list, and 
three days later you find "Ernest 
Cuts the Cheese" (the Director's 
Cut) in your mailbox. (1/9) 

Why couldn't Vince Young have 
taken out McConnaghey on the 

~ideline? (1/9) 

r - - .- - - - - - - --

BRENDAAnAMS: 
at SALON IEAUIGENS : 

50% : 
OFF* 

,..u· 
.n./Urcut, "S' S40 

"'Up dOor Mnlll'f,',. 
"'Coloror Foil 

.. , ,".,.,.,",. 
c •• , •• r.III",It •• ".1 • • "". 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

7770 Regents Rd. I 
151.229.4157 II L. __________ _ 

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 2006 TH E U SO GUARDIAN SPORTS 11 

Texans Have Top Pick and 
Tough Choice Come April 

• DRAFT, from page 12 
Leinart did all he could to put USC on 
top. His efforts were in vain, though, 
as he saw LenDale White give the 
ball back to the Longhorn and the 
Trojan defense give up the winning 
touchdown. Leinart is a very efficient 
passer, as he proved in the national 
championship with his 72-percent 
completion record, and is capable of 
being a leader in the NFL if he is given 
some time to develop. The question 
about Leinart is whether he can suc-
ceed without the supporting cast he 
had at USC. It included two I,OOO-yard 
rushers and a I,OOO-yard receiver to 
help him tear up opposing defenses; 
having Bush and White line up with 
him guaranteed that opponents had 
to monitor the run, leaving him with 
plenty of man-to-man coverage that 
receivers like Dwayne Jarrett could 
easily shake. However, even without 
a superstar offense, given a couple of 
decint receivers, Leinart will be able to 
use his well-developed pocket presence 
and great arm to succeed in the NFL. 

Bush, Young and Leinart all fought 
for the Heisman Trophy. with Bush 
coming out on top. The Rose Bowl 
gave the Texans, Saints and Titans the 

, luxury of having one more game than 
the Heisman voters to judge the talent 
of the players. All three of these guys 
have incredible skills and have the 

potential to be superstars someday, 
but all have question marks hovering 
above them about how good they can, 
and will, be next September, 

Every draft choice is a gamble, but 
r think I would throw the dice on 
Bush. Even though he was less than 
everyone expected in Pasadena, he 
still had .more than 175 yards of total 
offense and his one touchdown run 
exemplified just how well he can turn 
the corner and make it to the out~ ide. 
Once he does that, there are not many 
players who can figure out how to get 
an angle on Bush as he is zooming 
down the sideline. He will be exciting 
to watch in the NFL and any team 
will be greatly improved with him on 
their roster. After Bush, [ see the. Saints 
taking Young. He proved in the Rose 
Bowl that he is just as effective of a 
passer as Leinart, but also adds the 
ground attack for a dangerous dual 
threat 10 really exploit defense, . Next, 
the Titans should scoop up Leinart to 
replace the decrepit Steve McNair and 
bring a young, talented quarterback 
to their embarrassment of a team. We 
will all see whether the Texans, Saints 
and Titans agree with my assessment 
and then we will get to see these great 
athletes play come opening day 2006. 
If their NFL games are anything like 
their last college game, I can't wait to 
see them in action. 

Men's Basketball to Travel 
to Face Otters, Coyotes 
~ BASKETBALL, from page 12 

"We're really starting to dick right 
now;' senior guard Odioh Odiych aid. 
"Playing at home is key. We had nine 
games on the road, and that was tough. 
Hopefully, we'll be able to ride this 
momentum:' 

With a team-first mentality, poise 
and determination , the Triton look 
ready to continue their trong start 
through 2006. They'll have their next 
chance to do that when they return 
to the road to face Cal State San 
Bernardino on Jan. II. 

$90,000+ 
This is what you'll make in your first year as an entry-level Systems Administrator for 
the D. E. Shaw group. We 're doing some pretty cool stuff (like building one of th~ most 
powerful computing clusters on the planet). so there's a lot of challenging technology 
work to be done. That 's where you come in . The technologists we hire will be 
responsible for substantial systems projects and other work covering a wide range of 
technology including, but not limited to, Windows PCs and servers, UNIX selVers, and 
advanced networking and telecommunications infrastructure. The ideal candidate will 
have a computer science Dr engineering degree, extensive knowledge of UNIX and /or 
Windows environments, and programming and scripting ability (perl, python, shell, 
etc.). as well as excellent verbal and written sk.ills. We' re seeking an exceptionally well-
qualified candidate and are prepared (0 offer a highly attractive compensation package. 

The D. E. Shaw group is a highly successful investment and technology development 
firm with approxtTrnltc ly $19 billion in aggregate capital and an international reputation 
for financial innovation and technological leadership. 

Please send your resume and a cover letter to CnUCSD@career.deshaw_com. 

Members of the D. E. Shaw grOllP de llOt discrimillate ill employmell t mauers 011 rhe basis afrace. cow,., 
religion, gender, national origill, age, military seroice eligibility, veterall staws, sexual oriefllat ion. marital 
SlalllS, disability. or allY aliler prolceled class. 

- -

DEShaw&Co 

Time Warner Cable makes student life a lot simpler. DIGITAL CABLE 
a Over 225 channels 

·Off&r expires Januery 31 . 2006. For new TIme 'Wemer Cable Sen Otego f'Mkfenllei CUItOl1lfJr'1 only. DIaoounl det:lendl on level of 
___ $99.95/moolh,.... monlho offw,-lIpI>I ... 10 coot.,.".... onIe<ing ony OIGlI'IC On Demond with Rood A ........ end 1>09,101 
Home Phono pocI<oge only $200 .. ";ngo booed on ,",lol~11on end moolhly '- ro. OIGIPiC On !lomond TRIO pocI<oge Monlhly eh_ apply Ind rwgulor '-~ .fter dllCO<H1l I)O<1od lo>t _ '- II>PY. I'rogromming end PI1<Ing Ire IUbiOCt 10 chlngo. 
Prognwnmllg rnI)' very by.rYlce ami. lnal.ltetlon and CIIlfWer'tet chargee apply. ~t .pptte. to curT'W'lt .-ident at current eddrwa 
only. [);al."" comperiIoN ... boNd on _ ............ download ..-d 28K .nd 56K modoma. (DlgII.' Phono _ nol Indudo 
_ .up _ end_., tho CMO with ,"_.~ homo""- pIIono, ahould lhoroboa _""'_. OIgltal """"" will no< 
bo,-. Offer ovoIlobio In 1>o9,lal """"" _11aI ...- .... only. _1_' "'*v- ~,... ..... '-. Dwoct"'l' 
~noe end Op.r.tor s.rvtoM . • nd calla to Internetionll locetioMJ (')thw rwtrietlonlll)ply. PIeMe c.l1 for 61t"l, 

I I. " ••• I • 
, .' , " • t ' " 

Get all three services 
on just one bill and SAVE! 

Digital Cable. 
Road Runner & 

Digital Home Phone 
for just 

$99.95 
a month 

for 4 months_ * 

• OVR 
• HOTV 
• Movies On Demand 
• All local programming, 

including cable·exclusive Padres 4 
• No expensive equipment to buy 

Road Runner 
HIGH SPEED ONLINE 
• Up to 100 times faster 

than dial -up!* . 
• Always connected 
• Speed and performance 

you can't get from DSL 
• Makes homework a breeze! 

DIGITAL PHONE 
• Unli mited calling as low as 

$39.95 per month 
• Call anyone in the United States, 

like Mom and Dad, as often as you 
want, for as long as you want 

• Call waiting 
• Caller ID 

Digital Cable 
+ High-Speed Online 
+ Digital Phone 

= SAVINGS! 

(858) 695·3220 
www.twcsd.com 

I I I I , • I I . , •• , •• I I I I ",, 

-



12 THE~GUARDIAN 
CO TACT THE EDITOR 

Rae! En/een 
sporls@llcsdgLlardiall .org SPORTS 

ATHlET OF THE WEEK 

Leora Juster 
Women's Basketball 

26 points, 7 assists, 4 rebounds 
VS. Chico State - Jan . 8, 2006 

Rose Bowl Dramatics Only 
Fuel 2006 NFL Draft Debates 

Congratulation to the Houston 
Texans, winner of the number-one 
overall pick in the April 29 NFL draft. 
Though they may have earned it by 
throwing half of their games, the 
Texan now have thp awesome power 
to choose their favorite player among 
one of the most talented draft class-
es ince even before Maurice larett 
knew how to rob people at gunpoint. 

One week ago, the Texans locked 
up the pick with a 20-17 overtime los 
to the equally horrible an Francisco 
1gers, and peo Ie were calling the game 
the Bush Bm I in honor of the most-
hyped player in college football: USC's 
Reggie Bu~h . A • an Diego native, Bush 
put together an inhuman junior year, 
carning himself a Heisman Trophy, a 
leatllre f1Im's worth of highlight reels 
,1Ild a sure spot in the top spot of the 
d rdft . This was all before hi team even 
, ulted lip for thc Rose Bowl, where 
thev were a ~even -point favori te to win 

Ro e Bowl performance was far less 
spectacular than everyone expected, 
given his knack for 300-yard games and 
multitouchdown atta ks. His brainfart 
of a lateral and mortal 84 yards on the 
ground and 95 ya rds through the air 
showed that Bush can be held at bay 
at the college level, so what can we 
expect from him in the pros? ritics 
say Bush might be undersized at 6 feet 
and 200 pounds and that the bigger 
and faster FL defenses will pound on 
him. However, the bottom line i that 
this guy's explosive speed and ankle-
breaking moves make up for any size 
disadvantage he might face. He is a 
playmaker at any level and we will see 
this guy on the "Sp0rlsCcnter" Top 10 
quite often in yea rs to come. 

joining Bush on " portsCenter" 
will be Young, who has the arm, the 
legs and the size to be a more effec-
tive and improved Michael Vick or 
Donovan Me abb. Young ingle-

handedly toppled their third straight 
national ( hampi-
(lIl .. hip. 

Then , Blish's 
, ure-footing as 
the best talent in 
( a llege football 
.. lipped away after 
bei ng upstag~d on 
the biggest tage bi 

The Sports 
R(~lort 

the U C dynasty 
in the Ro e Bowl 
with one of the 
most impressive 
performan es this 

University of Texas quarterback Vince 
Young. Young ran and threw for 467 
yard of total offen e and three touch-
J \'ins, including the game-winner 
with 19 seconds left. As Young waltzed 
the eight yards into the end zone to put 
the Longhorns up 41 -38 for good, col-
lege football ~lIddenly had a new post-
er boy; as YOllng was on the "Tonight 
Show" the nt" I day, Bush was left to 
ponder his status come draft time. 

As of now, Bush has yet to commit 
to either US or the NFL, but given 
his current tock after this record year 
and the gazillions of dollar waiting 
for him at the profes ional level, it is 
a safe bet to as ume he'U be throwing 
his hat in the ring soon enough. The 
top three draft pi ks of the Texans, the 
New Orleans aint and the Tennessee 
Ti tans will have a talent-laden top three 
of Bush, Young and Matt Leinart to ill 
their respective teams' gaping holes. 
Now the question is, which player is 
number one? 

Bush was thc automatic answer 
th roughout the regular season, but his 

Rael Enteen sportswriter has ever witnessed . 
He ha an accu-I ,Ii 
rate, powerful arm 

and his legs, though not as quick as 
Vick's, make up for speed in other 
ways. Young has great size and the field 
vision to find the holes in the second-
ary to hit his receivers and when the 
coverage is there, he can u e that same 
excellent vision to find ways to exploit 
defenses with his feet. My only doubt 
with Young is his throwing technique; 
although he has proven to be accurate 
and can throw the ball deep, he uses a 
sidearm thrOwing motion, which must 
be t\vealked if he is to succeed in the 
NFL. With a more over-the-top arm 
act ion, Young could be leading his 
team to victory in the uper Bowl on 
an 8-yard run with 19 seconds left in 
the near future. 

While Young exemplifies the next 
generation of quarterbacks with his 
arm and leg du'll- threat, Leinart offers 
the traditional pocket-passer with any-
thing but traditional talent. He had an 
incred ible career at US , and despite 
the 10 ing effort in the Rose Bowl, 

I DRAFT, page 11 I 

MONDAY, ]A UARY 9, 2006 
------.... -----------

UCSD Picks Up First CCAA Victory 

GREG DAlE/GUARDIAN 
Freshman forward Henry PaNerson rips the ball from a Chico State defender in tile 
Tritons 61-41 uictory ouer the Wildcats on Jan. 7. Patterson led UCSD with 14 points. 

Tritons trounce Chico 
State Wildcats, 61-41, 
to inlprove overall 
record to 4-8. 

By Joe Tevelowitz 
STAFF WRITER 

'Tve been playing here for three 
years and this is by far the best team 
we've ever had:' T hat's what junior 
guard Robby Peters said on jan. 
7 after the Tritons dominated the 
Chico State Wildcats, winning their 
first California Collegiate Athletic 
A ocation game of the season 61 -
41. Following a December stretch in 

which the Tritons concluded thei r 
season-opening nine-game road trip 
by going 1-5, the team returned to 
RIMAC Arena in 'anuary. After a 
94-91 overtime wi.n again st Grand 
Canyon niversity on jan. 3 in the 
home opener, UCSD dropped a tough 
79-75 loss to Cal State Stanislaus three 
days later. 

The Triton played tremendous 
defense after halftime against Chico 
State, allOwing the Wildcats to score 
only four points in the first nine and 
a half minutes of the second period, 
and only 16 points overall after inter-
mission. The Tritons' 20-point win 
was their biggest margin of victory 
since joining the CCAA and their 

bigge t win overall since 2001. 
The two teams battled each other 

in the fir t half, wi th neither able to 
gain more than hico State's early six-
point lead. A jumper by sophomore 
guard jason Bull gave the Tritons a 
four-point cushion, but hieo State 
guard justin Argenal hit a jumper 
before the buzzer to send the teams 
into halftime separated by only a 
single point. 

"We came out and played a decent 
fir t half, but we were a little bit slug-
gish;' Peters said. "Coach kind of gave 
it to u at halftime, and that just got 
us pumped up. We weren't accepting 
what we did in the first half' 

U Ddefinitel), cameoutpumped 
in the second half. After allowing 
Chico tate to shoot .474 from the 
field and .444 from three-point range 
in the first half, the Wildcats were 
held to .200 shooting from the field 
and .083 from long d istance. The 
Tritons improved on their own .444 
field goal and .250 three-point shoot-
ing in the fir t half, going .400 from 
three-point range on 2-of-5 shoot-
ing and an extremely impres ive and 
efficient .591 shooting from the field 
during the second half. 

"We just really focu ed on our 
couting today;' sophomore guard 

Andrew Hatch said. "We knew their 
big scorer wa [Andy BocainJ. He 
scored 16 points tonight, but he's 
scored 30 in other league games:' 

Bocain, who led all players with 16 
points and even rebounds, provided • 
the Wildcats' first nine points of the 
second half and the only four points 
Chico tate could mu ter in the first 
nine and a half minutes. Bocain, how-
ever, needed 12 field attempts and 
5-of-6 shooting from the free-throw 
line to notch his game-high. 

On the other side of the ball, 
freshman forward Henry Patterson 
led the UCSD offense with 14 points 
on 7-of- 11 shooting to go along with 
four rebounds and one big block. 
Freshman guard Shane Poppen had 
12 points while sophomore guard 
Clint Allard added 10 and a team-
high five assists. Freshman forward 
Darryl Lawlor also contributed with 
six points, a team-high five rebounds, 
one assist and one block in 19 min-
utes of play. As a team, the Tritons 
out-rebounded the Wildcats 33-25 
and had 17 turnovers, compared with 
Chico State's 21. 

[ BASKETBALL, page 11 J 

Women's Basketball Upsets No. 12 Chico State for Best D-II Start 

JUII/or guard fA ("'0 Juste;'s 26 points, 7 assists and 4 rebounds carried the Tritons to a 79-71 victory ouer the No. l~ Wildco~s. With th~ win, the 
Tritons moved ill to a second-place tie in the league with Chico State and improued to 8-2 ouerall, their best start srnce mourng to DiulSlon 11. 

By Rae! Enteen 
SPORTS ED ITOR 

The UCSD women's basketball 
team extended its winning streak to 
four with a league victory over the No. 
12 Chico State Wildcats, 79-77, on jan. 
8. The Tritons continued their impres-
sive season with the slim victory, which 
moved them into a second-place tie 
in the California Collegiate Athletic 
Association with a 3- 1 league mark. 

With the wi n, the Tritons al 0 
improved their overall record to 8-2, 
going into their next league match 
versus Cal State San Bernardino on the 
road on jan. II. They earned the cru-
cial third league win in large part due 
to junior guard Leora juster's 26 points, 
seven assists and fou r boards in a game 
that saw numerous lead changes. But it 
was freshman forward Michelle Osier's 
two late free throws that clinched the 
victory, improving the Tritons lead to 
four with 28 seconds left. 

Neither team took large leads 
throughout the game, staying o::ven at 
the break with 49 points each. The 
fir t half proved to the Tritons that 
they could hang with the ranked teams 
and that they would control their own 
destiny in the second half. 

They did just that, h?lding the 

Wildcats to 11 -of-39 shooting in the 
second half, totaling 30 points. The 
Tritons also forced eight turnovers 
after halftime to malke up for their 
poor three-point shooting, which was 
l-of-7 in the second half. 

Despite their underwhelming out-
ide shooting, the Tritons gunned an 

impressive .477 from the floor while 
holding the Wildcats to .384 shooting. 
juster's 26 points put the Tritons on 
top, but Osier added 12 points and 11 
rebounds for a double-double - and 
her late free throws proved to be game-
winners. ConSidering that the Tritons 
shot a mere 7-of-12 from the char-
ity stripe in the first half, Osier's free 
throws were anything but automatic. 
After sinking her free shots to give the 
Triton the 79-75 lead, the Wildcats hit 
one last shot with 11 seconds left to 
put them within two point . However, 
their fmal prayer of a three-point shot 
by Amy Van Hollebeke missed to give 
the Tritons their first win over ranked 
opponents this year. 

The victory also gives UCSD, under 
fLrst -year head coach janell jones, its-
best start ince moving to Division II . 
Next, . the Tritons will have a chance 
to improve their historical start when 
they hit the road to face Cal State San 
Bernardino on jan. II. J 


