
THROW DOWN YOUR BRUTAL CAPTION HUMOR AND WIN (IT'S HARD) ~ HIATUS, PAGE 10 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

UC Head 
Bows to Pay 
Criticisms 

Board of Regents 
releases salary figures 
for some. top officials, 
disclosing extra perks 
and compensation. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

The UC Board of Regents took 
steps to fulfill its promise of fiscal 
accountability made to state senators 
by releasing reports on compensation 
practices of four university executives 
last week. 

The report, approved for release 
by regents between scheduled meet-
ings, disclosed newly negotiated com-
pensation packages for four univer-
sity administrators: UC San Francisco 
School of Dentistry Dean Charles 
N. Bertolami, UC Berkeley Vice 
Chancellor for Administration Nathan 
E. Brostrom, UC Santa Cruz Vice 
Chancellor of Unjversity Relations 
Donna M. Murphy and UC Riverside 
Vice Chancellor for Administration 
Alphonso V. Diaz. 

Extra perks for the administra-
tors included $43,500 for Bertolami, 
as a part of the university's health-sci-
ences compensation plan approved by 
regents in 1999, in addition to his base 
annual salary of $300,000. Together 
with other forms of compensation, 
Bertolami's pay package was valued at 
least $500,000 annually, according to 

[ PAY, page 7] 

O.A.S.i.S. Cuts Spark Protests 

BILLY WONG/Cu.-,RO/AN 
O.A.s.l.s. tutor Noah Myers leads a physics tutoring session on Library Walk on March 7 as part of a protest against office 
budget cuts ordered by the the Student Affairs department, which has financially downsized many of its programs. 

Budget cuts have 
forced the tutoring 
office to shut down 
many programs, 
angering students. 

By Mal/hew McArdle 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

In response to budget cuts 
totaling nearly $150,000 imposed 
by Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs Joseph W. Watson, the 
Office of Academic Support and 

Instructional Services will to slash 
several tutoring programs for stu- . 
dents as eany as nut quarter, 
spurring a large outcry from both 
students and office staff. . 

Designed to prOVide free 
weekly math and science tutor-
ing sessions to any UCSD student 
who wishes to sign up, O.A.S.I.S. 
also offers other programs to help 
students improve their network-
ing and language skills. 

O.A.S.I.S. staff and students 
who use the office's services 
organized a two-day protest on 
Library Walk earlier this week to 

voice opposition to the proposed 
program closures. 

Thurgood Marshall College 
sophomore Junie Chea, who has 
used multiple O.A.S.I.S. servic-
es, participated in the protest on 
March 7, which featured tutors 
teachiJ.lg students on pieces of 
butcher papef1aped to the gr9und 
and . several groups of st""~nts 
holding signs that read, uWe Want 
to Learn!" 

UAngry doesn't even begin to 
sum up my feelings," Chea said. 

[ OASIS, page 3 ] 

SEX STILL 
--BANNED 

FROM SRTV 
New rules detail 
university's position 
on sex broadcasts. 
Station could return 
for limited broadcasts. 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

Campus administrators, estab-
lishing new policies for the use of 
Student-Run Television's cable net-
work, remained steadfast in bar-
ring sexual nudity, but promised the 
return of the station during the day-
time if the rules were adopted. 

For the first time since the sta-
tion's shutdown in November, the 
university defined ugraphic depic-
tions of sexual activity involving 
nudity:' the provision A.S. coun-
cilmembers and SRTV co-Manager 
Andrew Tess have criticized as too 
broad. Administrators have long held 
to their decree banning those forms 
of nudity on the station, citing uni-
versity ownership of Triton Cable, 
which carries the station's signal, as 
justification for their decision. 

The special election held in 
January, when students voted to 
overturn an A.S. Council decision to 
ban pornography from the station , 
bars councilmembers from revisit-
ing the issue for a full year. 

The new SRTV charter, drafted 
by a task force earlier this month , 
retained old station rules, which pro-
hibit indecent material only between 
the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. 
-----~--- STUDENT LIFE REFORM --------- To prevent any broadcast of sex-

ual nudity, administrators will take 
SRTV off the air during the hours 
that its charter allows pornography, 
according to Ratcliff. Group Asks to Cut Ojf Partisan Orgs 

Christian society's 
suit spurs committee 
to recommend 
witholding funding 
for certain clubs. 

By Charles Nguyen 
. NEWS EDITOR 

A UCSD committee recom-
mended policy changes that would 
bar funding of student organizations 
that discriminate in their member-
ship and events that exclude any 
campus groups. 

The Student Regulations Review 
Commjttee suggested establishing 
the rule to adapt to a lawsuit rued 
by a Christian group against the UC 
Hastings College of Law. In the 2004 
suit, the Christian Legal Society 
sued the university after the school 
denied recognition of the group 
because it did not agree to accept 
members who. openly opposed 

BILLY WONG/CUARD/AN 
Students pray during a meeting of the Intervarsity Christian Fellowship, which routinely uses 
campus ftx;ilities for its activities, though it does not rereive much campus funding. 

Christian beliefs. 
SRRC concentrated on estab-

lishing a policy that applied to reli-
gious-based groups because of the 
lawsuit, according to committee 
chair and acting Student Policies 

and Judicial Affairs acting Director 
Anthony VaUadolid. The policy, if 
approved by the University Office 
of the President, would prohibit the 

r ORGS, page 7] 

HIATUS 

A Cock and Bull Story 
A Britishfilmmaking duo explores just 
how funny awlcward silences can be. 
pace 8 

Financial 
Aid Could 
Get Big lift 

By Charles Nguyen 
NEWS EDITOR 

UCSD's pool of money for 
financial ajd could get substan-
tially larger if the UC Office of 
tbe President accepts the recom-
mendation of a campus commit-
tee, which suggested an expan-
sion of a university policy that 
funnels fees into student aid. 

Currently, the return -to-aid 
policy reserves 25 percent of · 
every student's quarterly regis-
tration and educalion fees for 
UCOP, which redistributes the 
money to the campus' financial 
aid pool. The Student Regulations 
Review Committee recommend-
ed an expansion of the policy 

[AID, page 7] 

"Those are the only hours we 
can safely provide an SRTV signal:' 
Ratcliff sajd. "Unless A.S. Hnds a way 
in its charter to ensure compliance 
with our policy - and I don't know 
if they can find a way, given [that) 
they have [to) adhere to the outcome 
of the special election - we can't 
give a 24/7 broadcast." 

Under the new policies for use 
of the cable network - drafted by 
Administrative Computing and 
Telecommunications, campus law-
yers and the Student Affajrs office -
administrators spelled out its ban of 
nudity, defining it as "sexual organs 
engaged in sexual activity such as 
but not limited to intercourse, fella-
tio, cunnilingus or masturbation." 

A.S . Commissioner of 
Communications Soap Chum ini -
tially sided with the policies, but 
changed his views after conferring 
with council members and Tess. 
Chum then said that the specific-
ity was biased against SRTV, since 

[ SRTV, page 3 ] 

INSIDE WEATHER 
New Business ......................... 3 
Editorials .................................. 4 MIIth 9 Marth 10 
LeHers to the Editor .............. 5 H62 L46 HS4L44 
Album Reviews ...................... 9 
Classifleds ............................. 12 

, 

MaJdlll MaJdl12 
Crossword ............................. 12 H51 L42 HS2L41 



2 NEWS 

SUSIE S.D. 
I " .... U SIU< NIl> ~ "" WlOCK.-
I WI''' I ..... $ ANV ..... _ ,"T '1e ... ~ •• 

CURRENTS 
Iraq Soldiers Come 
Home Via Satellite 

The San Diego Supercomputer 
Center, based in UCSD, announced 
last week that it will allow families 
with loved ones il'\ Iraq to meet vir-
tua lly face-to-face, using satellite 
uplink technology to conduct live 
video teleconferencing ses ions. 

SDSC is collaborating with 
the organization Freedom Ca lls, 
which provides the uplink at Camp 
Falluja h a nd the AI-Asad Air Base 
in Iraq, and is working to estab-
lish a third uplink site at Camp 
Taqaddum, Volunteers will staff 
the 3D-minute weekly conferenc-
ing sessions. 

People who want to request 
a time slot at the SDSC to meet 
with their loved ones can log on 
to htlp:llwww.freedomcalls.org to 
sign up. 

Diabetes Cure Moves 
One Step Closer 

A new method allowing normal 
adult pancreatic cells to be con-
verted into insulin-producing beta 
cells has been developed by UCSD 
researchers, providing hope for an 
eventual cure for diabetes.About 21 
million Americans have the disease, 
which is a result of the loss or mal-
fu nd io n of beta cells or the body 
rejecting insu lin it produce§. 

Using mice, the team, led by 
Rebe ca and John Moores Cancer 
Center pediatrics professor Fred 
Levine, discovered that whe n mixed 
with cells from panc reatic fetal tis-
sue, certain adult pan realic cells 
cou ld be developed into bela cells. 
The re port was published in the 
Marc h issue of Nature Medicine, 

The results indicated that the 
experime ntal method could, in the-
ory, be adapted to benefit people 
with type-II diabetes because, with 
this form of the disease, the body 

develops resistance to insulin , Type- . 
II patients could be he lped by a 
reactivation of beta cells. 

UC Settles Bovine 
Patent Case 

The University of California 
announced last week that it had 
reached a settlement with the 
company Monsanto, which it had 
accused of infringing on a UC 
patent for recombinant DNA used 
to manufacture the dairy growth 
hormone somatotropin. 

Under the deal, Monsanto will 
pay the university $100 million up 
front, plus 15 cents for every dose 
of Posilac - Monsanto's version 
of somatotropin - given to dairy 
cows annually by the company 
until the university's exclusive pat-
ent expires in 2021. The annual 
Posilac royalty would be capped 
at $5 million. 

Somatotropin, also known 
as bovine growth hormone, was 
developed by UC San Francisco 
researchers and is used by dairy 
farmers t,p improve the efficiency 
of bovine milk production. 

Outreach Director 
Returns to Post 

After leavi ng his position to 
serve as an admissions director 
at San Diego's Alliant University, 
Bre tt We llington returned to his 
post as assistant director of UCSD's 
Early Academic Outreach Program, 
designed to prepare low-income 
students for highe r educa tio n. 

" I'm thrilled about being able to 
give people the means to improve 
their cha nces for higher educa-
tion, and thereby their chance for 
a better life," Wellington stated in 
a press release. 

Prior to his hiatus, Wellington 
worked for EAOP from 2000 to 
2004. 

21" Wheeled Bac:k Pac:k 
1 lap 1'J::t. ~ Size 

Hidden back pack strapa .... stored 
behind. padded back pane. 
Remov.ble front day peck. 

-"""S8999 
26"WheeIed Back Pack 

COIIIp.$17$.OO $119.99 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

BY JENNIFER HSV 

-

-:....... ..... - ) 

-- N 

. THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 

Vlodi~~ ~,'1~ -..ldIIorI 
Nalhan Miklos 

Healher Welles 
Copy ...... 

OIorl .. Nguyen ..... &IIor 
Milth<!w M<lvdle AuodoIe ..... fdiIoI 
~ri.""e MIdden O!**-~ 

Hannac.mp --Opioion~ 
lllel Entoen SpoI1s~ 

o.'.ai Lein.,..r AuodoIe Sports &aor 
Chris1lne Poe r.c...&IIor 

Marnette Federis ANodIIt r-1IIiIor 
Cody 8, NIibou" .......... 

Christine Oark ""-ioIe ..... fdieon 
Coelle Faure 

Billy Wong ....... &IiIIr 

Alexander Varond AltI<iIIo ..... ~ 

Andrew Nguyen DeIIp &IIor 
Riley S.lant·Pearce All &IIor 

&IIooW.___ 
Mal"- L'Heureux 

Richard Choi, ~ ~ Wendy Shieu, 
Utao Ueda. SimOlle WIlson 

c.,. ...... 
Chris Covillllan. MaIIhew MeA" 

Aeda~ 

KMhorine McCan ....... ~ MaNpt 
Mich.el foulks ....... MMIpr 

MicheileTYi SNMI~ 
.... 

Mike MallinllZ ~AII"'" 
Josh...., ......... 
.......... 

chljlty Faclor, ICIIII-I00000le 
AdMrIIII ••• DIIIp ...... CIorJe <lion, IllatW 0I0i 

......... 
T_luchin,CaJlrCa.." t_ Olsen 

The UCSD CMIIdi.n is ~ Mondays 
.nd Thur .... during the lademic ye .. by 
UCSD sludenll and for the UCSD commu-
nity. Repnoduction of this newsp.per in any 
form. whether in whote or in part, without 
permi.sion is strictly prohibited. 0 2006, .11 
rights reselVed. The UCSD Guardian is not 
responsible for the return of unsolicited 
manu scripts or art. The views expressed 
herein do nol necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, Ihe UniverSity 
of Cali(ornia or Associaled Students. The 
UCSD Guardian is funded solely by advertis-
ing. You play Ihe skin nut.1I 

General Editorial: 858·534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org 
New~ I153-S3+S226, news l@uatisuard;'n.cxs 

focus: 1153-534-5226, 1e.JlUres IJCSdguardoan,org 
Hiatus: &S8-SJ4.6583, hiatusi uadguardian.org 

Opinion: 1153-5~ Dplnion@uadguardian.org 
Sports: 1153-534-6582, sports uatiguardian.org 
PhOIO: 1153-534-6582, photo€uadguardldn.org 

TEH GARDIAN Advenising: 858-534-3466 ads@ucsdguardian.org Fax: 858-534-7691 
(Corrections welcome) 

BE A COPY READER AND CORRECT US. 

Go to www.ucsdguardian.org for an application. 

~.t 
www.fug .... tlng •• com 

C_.llllllr 
flEE fI ' .... lnJ 

CrosswordSOLUTIONS 
FLED "" OCHA I P'ASS 
AURA ABOIL SWAT 
RANI ROU S T YAL E 
MUENS TE R RA CIER 

T H IM:A U G 
... ii F u S I o N N I E OC T E T . ANN S A I o S 

A L E S SO N B U T I 
'" N OT 

MAT T R I A L 0 N I C E 
A C T. SN E A K S 

SU R E W HAT I T I S 

CRI"' i A E NA I TI N Q OGLE ROTAS IDUN 
PEER DOONE ELBA 
EDDY SONES SYST 

Students· 
Fly Cheaper 

spring break, 'study abroad & more 
Sample ItlI.fldb1p Student Airfares from San Diego to: 

San Francisco $117 Paris $109 
Seattle $207 Rio de Janeiro f7H 

Philadelphia $277 Tokyo $748 
Visit Studentunlv.,...com for cheap student airfares 

on major airlines to 1,000 destinations across the US 
and around the world . 

-

THURSDAY, MARCH 9/2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

A.S. Council, Student Orgs Watson Does Not Recall O.A.S.I.S. Memo 
Work Hard for the Money 
I n stark contrast to previous near- ways in which they said it benefits the empty A.S. Council gatherings, student population as a whole. upward of 50 students from vari- "If we do not have the support 
ous campus organizations appeared en service on the campus, we will have a 
masse during public input this week. lack of academic diversity; O.A.S.I.S. 
with the usual 20-minute allotment Program Leader Jeffrey Montojo said. 
more than doubled to accommodate Along the same vein of spreading 
the influx of passionate speeches for diversity at UCSD, members from 
council aid. Sangam, the South Asian Awareness 

The students implored the coun- organization, and Kaibigang Pilipino 
cil to reconsider funding denied to urged the council reconsider upcom-
cultural events ing events, which 
and show support were not funded 
for the Office of New by the Student 
Academic Support 0 r g ani z a t ion 
and Instructional Bus.·ness Funding Advisory 
Services, which Board due to their 
is scheduled for Matt l'Heu reux off-campus loca-
severe funding cuts tions, But just when 
this year. Among mlheureu@ucsd.edu some spectators 
the organizations present in support of started thinking the A.S, Council is 
O.A.S.l.S. were the Thurgood Marshall all funding appeals and bureaucracy, 
CoUege Student Council, Students Take the two-hour recess for the Finance 
Action Now, Student-Run TeleviSion, Committee to consider the SOFAB 

. Student Affirmative Action Committee, appeals was an unusually lively peri-
Movirniento Estudiantil Chicano de od, marked by a karaoke sing-off 
Aztlan, Student Initiated Outreach and between' Vice President of Academic 
Recruitment Commission and frater- Affairs Harry Khanna and John Muir 
nity Sigma Phi Epsilon. Freshman Senator Jonathan Hicken. 

"UCSD's focus is academics; said Returning to business, Earl Warren 

• OASIS, from page 1 
"There are so many people being 
affected by these cuts, and the 
administration is doing nothing." 

Chea, a biology major, indicated 
that, with the help ofO.A,S.J.S., she 
has improved her performance in 
required math and science classes. 

Earl Warren College senior 
Daniel Watts, a candidate for the 
2006-07 A.S, presidency, has also 
recently spearheaded efforts to 
show student dissatisfaction over 
O.A.S.l.S, cuts. 

Watts helped organize and cir-
culate a petilion that called for a 
referendum for students to decide 
whether to raise fees to cover bud -
get cuts, but he failed to gather 
the required number of signatures 
before March 3, the deadline to 
place the measure on the A.S. gen -
eral election ballot. 

However, Watts said that he 
plans to continue the petition as a 
symbolic message to the adminis-
tration that students are unhappy 
with the budget cuts. 

"O.A.S.I.S, is important to my 
friends, so it's important to me," 

he said. 
The budget cuts reflect the 

administration's doubts about the 
office's ability to actually help stu-
dents improve their academic per-
formance, according to Assistant 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Edward J. Spriggs, who indicated 
in an e-mail last month that more 
"concrete results" of student suc-
cess need to be demonstrated by 
O.A.S.I.S, 

In addition to O.A.S,LS., every 
other division of StuMnt Affairs, 
except for the Office of Students 
with Disabilities, has also faced 
budget cuts rangi ng from 10 per-
cent to 30 percent, according to 
Watson. 

The office's Community 
Learning for Academic Success 
mentoring program, designed spe · 
cifically fof freshmen, is taking the 
hardest hit , lOSing about $100,000 
in funding a year earlier than origi-
nally promised by Watson's office. 

Watson informed O.A.SJ,S. 
Director Patrick Velasquez in a 
June 2005 memo, which has I?een 
obtained by tile Guardian, that cuts 

from the CLAS program's tempo-
rary Ihree-year budget were due to 
public scrutiny of the complex for-
mula designed by Watson's office 
to allocate money to the program, 
The formula added the money to or 
subtracted funds from the O .A.S,I.S, 
budget based on freshmen GPAs, 
even if students never used the aca-
demic-support service. 

"The continuing public com-
plaints lhat the trial budget alloca-
tion formula is inappropriate and 
unfair to O.A.S.LS. have proven to 
be distracting and counterproduc-
tive:' he stated in the memo. "I am 
Iherefore concluding the triallVithin 
this academi c year." --

However, Watson indicated that 
he does not remember sending the 
memo. 

" I do not recall any public criti-
cism of CLAS that I stated in a June 
2005 memo;' he stated in an e-mail. 

Efforts to increase O .A.S,LS, 
funding are underway, Watson stat-
ed, but he did not elaborate. 

Readers can contact MaNhew McA rdle 
at matt.mcardle@gmail.con). 

MECM Chair Miguel Torres, speak- College Sophomore Senator Daniel 
ing in defense of OAS.I.S. and its work Palay addressed the comments imply-
on campus. ing that the athletics program benefits 

Council, SRTV Decry A'dmin Control of Cable 
Torres went on to cite what he from the cuts in funding to O.A.S.I.S. 

deemed inconsistencies in a letter "I want to dispel the myth that it's 
written by Vice ChanceUor of Student athletics versus Q,A.S.I.S.;' Palay said. 
Affairs Joseph W. WaIIon, in which Vice President Finance Greg 
Watson said that state cuts were the Murphy spoke to the tired, yet still pas-
only reason behind the decrease in sionate crowd, explaining that SOFAB 
O.A.S.I.S. funding. However, Torres wanted to fund the cultural events, 
also referenced the administration's but members did not feel it was within 
promise to help fund the athletics the board's boundaries to violate A.S. 
department, currently in debt, and rhe- bylaws, which prohibit funds for most 
torica11y questioned where that money off-campus events. However, Murphy 
would be coming from. said the committee left sufficient funds 

Along with supporters, student rep- for the programs in the event of suc-
resentatives from O.A.S.I.S. also spoke cessfuJ appeals. Ultimately, the council 
to field questions and explain their made good on this offer, and funded 
program, highlighting the numerous the cultural events in full 

~ SRTV, from page 1 
Triton Cable hosts other explicit 
programs, such as HBO's "Real 
Sex." 

Tess expressed similar criti -
cisms. 

"They're trying to extend their 
power with this and its way beyond 
what they've had in the past;' he 
said. "I don't think its a good step 
for anyone involved." 

In its new policies, the univer-
sity backed away from requiring a 
board to review programs before 
airing, a provision it has held as 3 
requirement for the return ofSRTV. 

Call today and register for a GRE class starting in 
April or May and beat the price increase!! Deadline 
to register is March 31 st! ! 

Course starts: 
April 22nd: 
Downtown - Tuesday PM 
La Jolla - Wednesday PM 
La Jolla - Thursday PM 
La Jolla - Monday/Wednesday PM 
May 20th: 
Downtown - Saturday AM 
La Jolla - Monday PM 
La Jolla - Sunday aft/Wednesday PM 

Space is limited - call today 
BOO-2Review 

www.PrincetonReview.com 

ORE IS • regia .. tredemllrll of EducellOnltl THting SeMcH 
(ETS). Tile ~ R .......... The PrinMtGn Review Iogo_ 
IrecIemerIIa far TIle PrInMIart Review. Inc. TIle PrIncetan Review, 
Inc. Ie not afIIIIeIM with I'JInceIon UnMnlty. • 

I nstead, the new policy would give 
the university full power to cut the 
SRTV Signal "without notice to halt 
or prevent suspected violations of 
this policy." 

The policy is meant to incentiv-
ize the council incentive to properly 
manage its service, Ratcliff said. 

"We pretty much have to over-
see it in a better manner than we 
have in prior situations," Chum 
said. " I'm willing [to take) that risk, 
as long as I'm involved with the 
programming process and have a 
close relationship with SRTV." 

The university would be acting 

illegally if it maintained the right 
to halt programming if it decided 
to, Tess said. 

As of press time, A.S. President 
Christopher Sweeten was expected to 
publicly stand against the administra-
tion's policies, Tess and Chum said. 

Administrators' regulations will 
be open to comment and review 
for 30 days. If no major objections 
or concerns are brought forth , the 
poliCies will be formally adopted, 
according to Ratcliff. 

Readers can contact Charles Ngllyen at 
charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

~~ WEEKLY FILM SERIES 
All movie, an thown at the Price Cent.r n..otr. 

, thursday _. 

AEON FLUX 

'_0 
HARRY POTTER 
AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE 
1IIrry, _14"", .w eMlllllrtlll his fIIIfIIt,.. .. IIcIpn 
SdteeIefWlldmft .... WImry, Is ~ ..... t. 
,......ltt the ~ TrHrizn Tou __ 1. lut the 
cIIttpIIitIIIt IWM Ittte mere .... justa .. lilt "'*' lite ewillDnI 
v.w.-t ... his ~ __ Ie play ..... ' Starring Daniel 
11IkIiffI_1upIfI Grin! 

6pm & 9pm • $3 



4 THE~GuARDIAN 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opillioll@ucsdguardian.org OPINION 

Props to San Diego Mayor Jerry 
Sanders for inviting the unions 
entangled in the city's pension· related 
litigation to a closed-door mediation. 

Flops to South Dakota for gunning for ~ 
a Roe v. Wade challenge by passing an ~ 

unconstitutional law banning abortion in 
the state. A big step backward, anyone! 

EDITORIALS 
What Students Need Is a 
Top Cop With a Heart 

A s Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Joseph w. Watson mulls his pick for the next Student Policies and Judicial Affairs 
director, students should realize starkly black and white did not . 
that few administrative appoint- help. 
ments affect undergraduates as His temporary replacement, 
much as this one. former Student Legal Services 

Last fall's retirement of Director Anthony Valladolid, 
Nicholas S. Aguilar, the curmud- has provided a welcome anti -
geonly former SPJA head, pro- dote in recent months. A former 
vides Watson and other admin- defense attorney, Valladolid has 
istrators a much-needed chance displayed a concern for students 
to turn a page on the conten- previously absent in the SPJA 
tious relation - office, and has 
ship between made clear that 
students and CAMPUS JUSTICE his overarch -
un i ve r si t y ing goal is to 
b urea uc r a ts . • The new Student Polides achieve basic 
Hopefully, it's and Judidal Affairs head can fairness . 
an opportunity chart a new course, or just While this 
the vice chan- follow business as usual. board has not 
cellor wiU take. met all of the 

Before his retirement, Aguilar applicants for the post, and thus 
had earned a reputation as a cannot make an endorsement, 
university-hired gun. In most we hope Watson's pick will share 
contentious cases, including these qualities. 
hearings over the publication of In coming years, the SPJA 
the Koala, Aguilar's motivations director will consider many 
provided as much fuel for debate important changes to the student 
as the charges he brought; he did conduct code; it's important that 
not command trust or respect. the person filling the slot genu-
His tendency to paint issues as inely cares about students. 

How the State's Research 
Revolution Was Stemmed 
L ike most voters, the members of this page did not read the entire, voluminous text of Proposition 71 before writing our 
endorsement in its favor in 2004. interest provisions for members of 
And like most voters, we are now acitizen-oversightboard designed 
paying the price. to dole out research cash raised 

Almost two years after the serious eyebrows. Later, voters 
measure was passed, the state has learned that the state might not 
not issued any of the promised $3 get any royalty payments from 
billion in bonds to pay for stem cell the research it was bankrolling. 
research, largely because of techni- even though the promise that the 
cal challenges to the language of bonds would pay for themselves 
the proposition. The most impor- was a major reason the measure 
tant challenge is currently being attracted so much support. 
heard in district Though the 
court. constitutional 

These chal- BOND BATTLE objections of 
lenges are dis- research critics 
ingenuous; the • Calfomla'. ament may be insin-
critics' main controversy over Item eel cere, they are 
beef is the bio- retearc:h Is • cautionary tale exactly the sort 
ethics of stem about what Initiatives can of roadblocks 
cell research, - and can't - do. that ballot mea-
not its constitu- sures breed. 
tionality. Having If there is a 
lost at the ballot box, they moved lesson in this mess, it's that irnple-
their battle into the courtroom. mentation of an idea matters as 

Yet the controversy dem- much as its conceptualization, 
onstrates exactly why making and that the implementing is best 
complex policy through direct done by elected lawmakers. 
democracy is never a good idea. Though the state may yet see 

Since its passage, Proposition the medical breakthroughs prom-
71 has been plagued by bad news: ised by the initiative's backers, we 
First, the absence of conflict-of- won't hold our breath. 

THE~tGUARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 
Grant SchradeT 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
Vladimir Kogan Charles Nguyen ~ 

MANAGING EDITOR NEWS EDITOR 
Ian S. Port Marianne Madden 

MANAGING EDITOR OPINION EDITOR 
The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week al the University of 

California al San Diego. Con tents e 2006. Views expre sed he rein represent 
Ihe majority vote of [he editorial board and are not nece sadly those of the 
UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9,2006 

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Riley Safant-Pearce 

What Should be Done About Access to 
Pell Grants and Higher Education? 

O n Feb. 21, the Guardian reported on an American Council of Education finding 
that almost 1.5 million students eli-

I can agree. About the other stuff, 
we'd be talking a lot of money being 
spent without a whole lot of return 
on the investment. The article said 

that applications for state gible for fmancial aid in 
the form of a PeU Grant 
fail to apply for it. UCSD 
Financial Aid Director 

DEBATE flIlancial aid are increas-ing every year, so we have 
Vincent De Anda expressed his view 
that more flIlanciai aid outreach pro-
grams are needed to solve this growing 
problem. 

Hanna Camp, Associate Opinion 
Editor: So am 1 a bad person if my 
first thought on reading that was, "Yay, 
more dough for me?" 

Mari.anne Madden, Opinion 
Editor: Everyone who needs money 
to be able to attend college should, ide-
ally, receive it. The problem is that the 
money is out there but it's not being 
distributed properly, as this study 
seems to show, so some disadvantaged 
students are missing out on college. 

H: But the study can't really teU us 
why. Do the students know about the 
Federal Application For Student Aid 
and just don't bother to me one? Or is 
outreach really failing to inform them? 
Before any more money gets thrown 
into a program, maybe people should 
answer that. 
• M: Those are valid questions 

that everyone would probably like 
answered. When I applied to college, I 
was repeatedly told about the FAFSA, 
but I'm not sure that goes for students 
in high schools that have low propor-
tions of students applying to college, 
subpar college advisors and the like. 
If potential college-goers don't know 
about the FAFSA, that's a huge prob-
lem that a public education campaign 
can solve. 

H: That's definitely a problem, 
but presumably what's already hap-
pening is that advisors know about 
Pell Grants and the FAFSA, and they 
tell the students that come to them. 
In low-funded inner-city schools, the 
student-advisor ratio is so skewed 
that the information might not get 
through. But what else can be done? 
Post flyers? 

M: There are a ton of ways to dis-
seminate information to people. TV, 
radio, signs on buses, as well as flyers, 
brochures or other written material 
handed out at high schools might help. 
Perhaps high school juniors could each 
be given a small pamphlet explaining 
the basics of applying to trade schools, 
community colleges and four-year col-
leges, with information about flIlanciai 
aid included. 

H: On the pamphlets, I think 

more and more students 
asking for help. With state and fed -
eral money being so limited, I have 
to say I'd much prefer the money 
going to those who apply, which does 
include a lot of low-income students, 
than in an ambitious campaign ID get 
even more on board. 

M: In my view, if a public educa-
tion campaign can compel one or two 
or 10 students nationwide to apply to 
and attend college who wouldn't oth-
erwise, it has succeeded. That would 
justify the investment. But it is also 
rational to reward those students who 

egovemment 
uld aid a low-

income black kid 
instead of me, it 

would do it. fm not 
their highest priority?' 

- Hanna Camp, Associate 
Opinion Editor 

took the initiative to apply for a FAFSA 
with generous financial aid. As is, a lot 
of federally aided students still have to 
work nearly full-time in order to con-
tinue to afford college. A.S. Council 
President Christopher Sweeten is one 
of them. 

H: And that all goes back to lim-
ited resources. If we had the money 
to spend on every student, so that 
they could focus on their studies 
full -time and not have to work, I 
think Chris Sweeten would be in 
a better situation. But it has to be 
spread pretty thin already. If I were 
a student in a much worse financial 
situation than I am, and then saw the 
state spend a lot of money on com-
mercials and ad campaigns to get 
more kids to apply for money that's 
already tight, I'd be pretty pissed 
off. The fact is, we don't necessarily 
even know why those particular low-
income students failed to apply. Why 
screw with a policy when we don't 
yet know if it's broken? 

M: And we see universities like 

UCSD already struggling to scrape 
together resources like classroom 
and dorm space to outfit its existing 
students. Think of how many more 
resources America's universities would 
need to educate everyone in America. 

As I said before, my view is that 
when students with the potential to 
go to college don't, that signifies that 
something is broken. On one hand, it's 
a student's own downfall if they fail to 
take advantage of federal aid money 
that's available to them. But on the 
other, someone at some point should 
step in and throw these students a 
bone. Access to higher education is 
huge to me - I don't th.ink that only 
relatively privileged kids, who either 
have the money to go to ' college or 
have the government generously aid-
ing them, should attend college. That's 
not to say that I support affirmative 

.action, but I support teUing students 
they can and should go to college, 
and the federal government can make 
financing it possible. 

H: let's be fair, though. If the gov-
ernment could aid a low-income black 
kid instead of me, it would do it. 
I'm not their highest priority. And 
that's OK, but I think there's a point 
where the various groups that offer 
financial aid should recognize that 
they've done a reasonable job putting 
the information out there, and devote 
the resources they have left to helping 
the kids that step up. Distribute pam-
phlets. by all means. Give advisors up-
to-date, accurate information to give 
to their kids. They don't even have to 
memorize it themselves; just hand out 
a piece of paper. Create a Web site that 
will come up in even the most inept 
Google search. But I draw the line 
at TV commercials and the like. We 
just can't assume that the only reason 
a low-income kid hasn't applied is 
because the government didn't shout 
loud enough. 

M: I'm not assuming anything, but 
I think a public education campaign is 
worth a try. And the reason I brought 
up TV commercials is that every-
one - everyone - watches TV, and 
commercials have a large impact on 
people, especially adplescents. Have 
you watched MTV lately? As stupid 
as that channel is, it has quite a few 
"public service announcement" sort of 
things promoting condom use and the 
like. The fact that they continu.e airing 
comrr.ercial$ like those suggests that 
they have some impact. 

But making sure advisors give 

l DDATf, page 5) 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR-----
Anti-Oscar Review 

Ignores Historical Fact 
Dear Editor: 

It's rare that an article exposes 
a writer's ignorance about history, 
literature and ftImmaking all at once. 
Congratulations to Oakley Anderson-
Moore for doing just that! 

Placing "War of the Worlds" on 
the same level as Japanese intern-
ment and the Abu Ghraib scandal 
might be the stupidest thing I've 
heard since "Bush = Hitler" com-
parisons. Also, Oakley should read 
a history book. The atomic bomb 
wasn't dropped on Japan to bring 
them democracy - it was dropped 
to end a ' war without the invasion 
of the Japanese home islands and a 
million Allied casualties. But hey, 
who gives a damn about American 
lives? That would be imperialist! Am 
I right or am I right? 

Actually reading H.G. WeUs might 
help, or even doing five minutes of 
research on his writings. Oakley 
would have discovered that far from 
being a valiant defender of colonized 
peoples, Wells was an admirer of fas-
cism and eugenics (Read "Men Like 
Gods"). Oops. There goes the article! 

Actually watching the movie 
would also be beneficial. Perhaps 
Oakley missed the "Occupation 
never works ... history has proven 
that a thousand times" line. Then 
again , maybe it wasn't missed. It just 
didn't mesh with Oakley's absurd 
review, and was thus conveniently 
forgotten. 

Also, capitalizing the "I" in impe-
rial was hilarious! Talk about fear-
mongering! Keep up the good work! 

- Travis Weinger 
Revelle Col/ege Sophomore 

Feminism Ill-Served by 
Guardian Columnist 

Dear Editor: 
I would like to comment on 

Natasha Naraghi's Feb. 27 Opinion 
article. Miss Naraghi's article is both 
structurally and conceptually weak, 
leaving the reader to question what 
point she is actually trying to make. 
Naraghi begins and ends her piece by 
referenCing a diamond ad. Although 
this is a cute strategy, the relevance 
it holds to her argument is unclear. 
More importantly, ber argument itself 
is unclear. 

The title "Women Can Seek 
Fairness Without Blaming Men" seems 
to suggest the importance of gender 
equality, while the article urges young 
women to revert to a 19505 'housewife 
mentality, complete with dependence 
on their husbands. As hi~tory has 
illustrated, this is clearly not the way 
to achieve gender equality. Naraghi 
uses black and white arguments to 
construct an immature thesis that fails 
to take into account a vast middle 
ground between two extremes. 

Naraglii's statements are some-
times so .out of touch with reality that 
her article can hardly be taken seri-
0usly. She states that "while women 
might like to think they're as brave 
and combative as most men, they're 
not likely willing to go to war over 
it." What about all the women who 
currently serve voluntarily in the 

armed services? Naraghi dismisses 
this demographic entirely. 

Naraghi states that "the women 
of the world [are to either] be moth-
ers or business executives" and that 
women should only have careers that 
enable them to work from home as 
they raise their children. In arguing 
this, she assumes that it is the ambi-
tion of every woman to get married 
and become a mom, quite an odd 
way of thinking for a student at one of 
the top universities in the nation. She 
fails to address any possible destiny 
for women other than motherhood. 

N4raghi] assumes 
iliat it is the ambition 
of every woman to get 
married and become 
a mom, quite an odd 
way of thinking for a 
student at one of the 
top universities in the 

nation?' 
- Hadley Mendoza, Freshman, 

John Muir College 

Naraghi even goes so far as to 
suggest that the degrees women earn 
in college are soon to become obso-
lete and will hold no future impor-
tance. She states that females "attend 
universities with the knowledge that 
the skills they acquire may only be 
used for a short time ... roughly five 
years before settling down to have 
children." 

Although Naraghi appears to 
have come to UCSD simply to get 
an M.R.S. degree, I would argue that 
the vast majority of female students 
in higher education expect to make 
better use of a degree they are spend-
ing four-plus years and thousands 
of dollars earning. Naraghi's article 
digresses from a piece about gender 
equalitY to her view of the necessity 
for women to embrace their proper 
role as housewives. Meanwhile, she 
paints a naive image of the struggles 
women face, threatening to set the 
gender back half a century. 

- Hadley Mendoza 
John Muir College Freshman 

O.A.S.I.S. Petition 
Needs Student Support 
Dar Editor: 

Last Thursday's article on the A.S. 
Council meeting, which mentioned 
the speeches that Eddie Herrera and 
I gave in support of O.A.S.l.S., was 
incomplete and somewhat inaccu-
rate. 

I've been an orientation leader at 
Earl Warren College for the past two 
years, and dozens of my orientees use 
O.A.S'! .S. on a regular basis. Knowing 
that I'm active on campus and knowl-
edgeable about how things work at 
UCSD, several students asked me if 
there was anything I could do to help 

out. After looking at last week's A.S. 
Council agenda, on which there was 
legislation to increase fees for con-
certs and outreach, but not O.A.S.LS., 
I wrote my own piece of legislation. It 
would've asked the entire campus if it 
was worth paying an extra $3.50 per 
quarter if it would restore O.A.S.LS:s 
funding. Eddie. and I immediately 
started a petition drive to get the pro-
posal on the ballot at UCSD. 

Unfortunately, because of A.S. 
rules and university bureaucracy, we 
had less than one week to collect over 
2,000 Signatures, so we didn't have 
time to get it done. Rather than giving 
up, we changed course. The O.A.S.LS. 
petition drive will now become purely 
symbolic, as most petition drives are, 
and will compri e a statement of this 
campus' collective unity in supporting 
O.A.S.LS. When thousands of signa-
tures are thrown in administrators' 
faces, they' ll see how important the 
program is to the campus. 

It's too bad, though, that some 
members of the A.S. Council are try-
ing to undermine this effort. After my 
speech at the A.S. meeting, Warren 
Sophomore Senator Daniel Palay 
began spreading lies around campus 
that I had claimed to have the Student 
Affirmative Action Committee's 
endorsement of my petition drive. 

This is false. I claimed no such 
thing. Since Eddie and I had drawn 
up the petition only the night before, 
we had not yet had time to announce 
it to any student organizations. Every 
A.S. meeting is recorded on audio 
tape, a fact of which Palay was appar-
ently unaware when he lied to campus 
leaders. Reviewing the cassette proves 
that neither Eddie nor I mentioned 
SAAC or any other student organiza-
tion. Although he originally said that 
it was my responsibility to correct 
his error, he has since changed his 
mind, and four days after the A.S. 
meeting he told me that he would set 
the record straight with the people 
he lied to. 

ft is disheartening that an elect-
ed member of A.S. would stoop to 
such levels to discredit a campaign to 
save such a valuable campus service. 
O.A.S.I.S. belongs to everyone, and 
the administration needs to see that 
it benefits everyone as well. Getting 
formal statements of support from 
thousands of students through a peti-
tion drive is one way to contribute 
to the cause. If students see the peti-
tion circulating, please sign it. The 
signatures will be delivered to the 
administration by the end of winter 
quarter. Will they make a difference? 
I can't say for sure, but they certainly 
can't hurt. 

- Daniel Watt. 
Earl Warren College Senior 

• 1M Guardian M!Ic:oma IetIerIfrom 
ill ,..". AI ldters mIISI be no "".,. 
"- 500 ,..". typ«l, doubIe-sptICWI 
lind IigrIed with Q _ lind fIIIPlicabIe 
titk un.r. """' • QJfttQbI Q pIIOfre 
rAI1rIher. We rrxrw the right fD alit 
for lmgth lind dtIrlty. Uttm mil}' be 
dropped uJJ til /he Guardian affia on 
/he I«OIfd floor of the Studmt Cerrter 
or: e-r,IIIiW. Send fJIlldtns tD: 

The UCSD GuanIUm 
Opinion Editor 

9500 Gilmu Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 9~3-0316 

College Advisors Play the Crucial Role 
• DEBATE, from page 4 
accurate, up-to-date information is 
huge. A TV commercial can't do the 
work of a face-to-face conversation 
where an advisor is frank with a kid 
and says. "Your grades are good, so 
go to college. The FAFSA can make it 
possible." I've read accounts of students 
going to so-called college advisors who 
tell them to go apply for a job at Wal-
Mart so they can 5~ after high 
school. That's ridiculous. 

H: Completely ridiculous. I guess 
my final conunent would be thIt that's 
a penonnel problem,. similar to kids 
not going into math or ICience careers 

because they had a teacher not trained 
in the subject and who didn't give a 
damn. Ad campaigns trying to con-
vince a kid "You too can be a scientist!" 
wouldn't work in that situation. It's 
not like buying a condom; it's years of 
work that not aU kids are sure they can 
handle. I think there's a much greater 
role for penonal initiative here than 
we're allowing. If you want to go to col-
• you can't let an advisor's opinion 
stop you from doing any more rnearch 
Into It. 

M: Sure. sure. But beyond inept 
advisen, an unaccepqbly IarF amount 
ofkids go to badly funded schools, face 

boring classes taught by inept teachers, 
come from families where no one went 
to college. When aU their friends work 
at McDonald's, it's an environment 
where academic achievement IS not 
encouraged, and then smart students 
face pessimistic, clueless advisors their 
junior or senior ynr and have little 
idea that money is available to them for 
college, nor any inkling they could and 
should prepare for higher education 
and then go. It's a deep-seated institu-
tional and cultural problem that often 
starts way back in elementary school. 
But that's a much larger discussion 
than the one we tadded here. 

OPINIONS 

How many beds will you 
sleep in this summe ? 

www.casualbarn.com 
... prelniun1 leather flip flops", 

CASUAL BARN 

BEAUX GENS 
BY ANTON ELLA 

Now MOVED INSIDE Beauty Kliniek 
OFFERING THE SAME SPECIAL PRICES IN : 

IIIIIrcut, ..........., Color, Up40 • , .. 
for UCSD stu......, teachers • sWf 

3268 GOVERNOR DR . SAN DI EGO 92122 

Thinking of Moving Off Campus7 
Tell Your Parents to Buy a 

Condo for Youl 
WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Rent the extra lOOms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgoge ••• 
• You live In the condo forFREE, and ... 

111-i1M212 

' .. . your parents. mn wrffe off rite Irrtw'est on the mortgagel 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Flnfstrfoltor,hotmoll.com· www.cbcollfornlo.comltobln 

~~ H)- - - ., DEL MAR 
MATSUGAWA 

10 min. I 
fromUCSD 

I 
I 15% DISCOUNT· 

with student 10. Discounts on all I sushi roils and lunch combos 
50% DISCOUNT on 
sa Lunch Spec:lllil 

I 
5 

Come and enjoy the sunset at the Matsugawal 
1101 Camino Del Mar, Del Mar, CA 92014 ... 7»1140 

-



6 OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 

The Academy Congratulates Itself Into Irrelevance 
I n the alternative lifestyle fable deli -cately composed at last Sunday's 78th annual Academy Awards, 
ho t Jon Stewart played a most inter-
esting role: the ugly-but-honest black 
sheep uncle. 

"You can watch all your favorite 
slars without having to donate 10 the 
Democratic party:' Stewart joked of the 
o cars, while the ballroom of freshly 
coiffed self- ell-

shameless ads competed awkwardly 
for preciolls time with Hollywood-
fights-the-good -fight acceptance 
speeches and satirical political ads, it 
seemed the Academy's lens focused an 
unrecognizably rosy self-portrait. 

This year more than any recent 
other, the Academy aired a convincing 
claim for the social and political rel -
evance of film with its choice of nomi-

nee . That the mostly 
er chuckled or 
sat silently for 
awkward spells. 
"I bet it's the 
fi rst time all of 
you voted for a 
winner." 

lines in 
the sand 

blood-red leaders of 
the country still work 
against the moral 
of the , year's most 
important story only 
added to its urgency, 
though all the top 
films struck none-

Ian Port 
Where a 

iport@ucsd .edu 

standardly self-obsessed star would 
meekly harp to break the ice, helming 
the audience through a few harmless 
chuckles, Stewart's distantly paternal 
ho ting dared to venture 3 hilariously 
honest portrait, despite the occasion. 
Only one bru que New Yorker could 
(however sarcastically) declare the 
cream of Hollywood out of touch, to 
its face, on its biggest night. 

But then the next three hours drove 
home Stewart's jab: Hollywood pros-
elytized its tolerance-is-king values 
system as noble - even revolution-
ary - while whining face-to-face with 
consumers who don't go to theaters 
like the Academy wants them to. As 

too-vague overtones for today's world: 
"Munich" portrayed Middle Eastern 
terrorism; "Good Night, and Good 
Luck" indicted the contemporary news 
media; "Crash" reasserted racism's hor-
rors; and "Capote" explored homosex-
uality, senseless violence and literary 
celebrity. 

The five practically add up to a 
political platform, but that apparently 
wasn't a big enough blockbuster. The 
relevance of the subject at hand intoxi-
cated the Academy into producing a 
fantasy flick about the sage-like wis-
dom of not only its politics, but its 
lifestyle - and that's what we got to 
watch. 

It didn't start off so bad. Following 
Stewart's unloved heroics, George 
Clooney got up there and aw-shucked 
that he was ·proud to be out of touch" 
- a liberals everywhere (myself 
included) popped their collar in 
agreement. 

Maybe this would change some-
thing, we (I) thought. Maybe the 
Southern California elite would step off 
thei r pede tal and somehow positively 
make a change in the world. Maybe 
they would exercise enough humility 
to allow their work to matter. 

(Clearly, I'm a fucking idiot.) 
Unintentionally adding to the "our 

system is better than your system" 
mind-fuck were the satirical political 
ads spritzed throughout the awards. 
Pasting a "Daily Show" staple into the 
Oscars, the spots showed leading can-
didates in a category tearing each other 
down like the "paid for by" barbs and 
heart-plucking testimonials we're used 
to before election day. 

While the Academy apparently 
thought it'd be good to get us high on 
John Stewart -sauce, they didn't realize 
how bastardly arrogant the ads could 
make the show look, especially this 
year. [f there wasn't enough life·style 
competition in the ceremony already, 
the take-us- eriously-while-laughing-
at-serious-ugliness departures upped 
it in the worst way: Yes, Academy, the 
political system doesn't work as well as 

wetl like it to. 
But yours doesn't either. If 

Hollywood reigns so tolerant and wise, 
why did it cut off clever speeches to 
skip to the endless self-love montages? 

Because - shock - they wanted 
to sell us something: the experience 
of going to movies in theaters, for 
which consumer are markedly declar-
ing their indifference. Both bigman 
J. Gyll and Academy president Frank 
Pierson made a plea (under a not-so-
subtle theater marquis set) to us living 
room shills to please put our princely 
sums back in their wallets where they 
belong. 

The Academy apparently didn't 
think through the rising popularity 
of advertisement jree personal digital 
media. So maybe Reese Witherspoon 
doesn't look as good on a portable -
in their allegedly altruistic utopia, can't 
a noble movie star just buy another 
Maybach and get over it? 

But Hollywood makes its fortune 
off of never getting over anything, 
especially itsel[ And that's where we 
cut from the awards-ceremony-as-
glossy message flick to the orchestrated 
conceit-fest fully revealed by - ready 
your slurs - the upset crowning of 
t1imsy L.A.-fable "Crash" over its truly 
seriou s older brother, "Brokeback 
Mountain:' 

Nevermind that "Brokeback" 
struck a perfectly-timed social justice 

chord, that it inarguably caused the 
biggest stir of the year, or that its mild 
ambitions were focused enough to 
leave us with a message that actually 
works outside of the theater - the 
Academy is apparently not as free-
thinking as you'd guess. 

""Brokeback' took on a fai rly 
sacred Hollywood icon, the cowboy, 
and I don't think the older members of 
the Academy wanted to see the image 
of the American cowboy tarnished; 
explained one Hollywood insider in a 
New York Times analysis of the upset 
that painted the awards, and their city, 
as a den of focused vanity. 

John Wayne is dead, guys. And 
rather than providing more sticks and 
stones for conservative critics, nam-
ing "Brokeback" the year's top picture 
would have sent a powerful message 
to the legions of smug homophobes 
across the nation: You think we're out 
of touch? It's actually just that you're 
far behind. 

Even without the award, 
"Brokeback" made a visible sociopo-
litical impact, while "Crash" will sput-
ter out into the vacuum of convenient 
pseudo-commentary, earning millions 
and changing nothing. 

For this year's inevitable po t-
Oscar alienation period, the glitz chil-
dren have no e3&Y excuse. Academy, 
you ruined it with the self-obsession 
- and uncle John even warned you. 

_ THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 

·Policy Would Allow Orgs 
to Use Campus Facilities 
~ ORCS, from page 1 
university from granting funds to 
events that exclude any groups. 

The committee ·did st rike a bal-
ance, however, by allowing discrimi-
nating groups to use campus facili-
ties, Valladolid said. Exclusive groups 
would also be allowed to receive 
funding for events that was open -!o 
the whole campus. 

"These kind of groups are permit-
ted to exist and register; Valladolid 

said. "The limitation is they cannot 
get direct funding from campus. Now, 
the university has a firm policy on this 
topic which we didn't have before:' 

The rule, however, remains unclear 
in practice, as judging whether or not 
content is inherently discriminatory 
is "very difficult if not impossible:' 
according to Valladolid. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen at 
charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

State Senators Press for 
Concrete Salary D.etails 

• PAY, from page 1 
the report. 

UC President Robert C. Dynes 
and UC Board of Regents Chairman 
Gerald L. Parsky exercised powers of 
interim authority to push the release 
of the documents quicJcly. and with-
out full board approval, in the hopes 
of appeasing public and legislative 
demand for accountability. 

·Our past practice has been to 
report these at the next regularly 
scheduled meeting;' UC Office of the 
President spokesman Noel Van Nyhuis 
stated in an e-m"ail. "As part of our 

Some senators flJ"ed back, and 
demanded to see concrete results soon 
from university officials, including 
booting any persons involved in the 
unauthorized compensation. 

Although the scandal has not 
forced the university to fire any execu.-
tives yet, state Sen, Jack Scott (D-
Pasadena) said he was pleased to see 
the university making some progress 
after the hearings. 

"This certainly seems to be a 
step in the right direction," said 
Scott, who chairs the committee 
that heard Parsky's testimony on 

compensation. 
Dynes also 

ongoing efforts to 
imp~ disclosure 
and transparency 
pr"ctices, we are 
not waiting:' 

All future 
regent actions 
regarding com-
pensation will 
be released, Van 
Nyhuis said. 

very much want 
transparency and 

that seems to be what 

promised reform 
during the hear-
ings. and empha-
sized several 
university efforts 
to improve pay 
transparency. 
Regents present-
ed senators with 
a pay study that 

[the university is] 
doing." The disclosure 

is a large shift from 
previous practices, 
when some regents 

_ Jack Scott, State Senator showed that UC 
salaries were far (D-Pasadena) behind market 

were clueless 
about extra bonuses given t.o several 
top administrators. including UCSD 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox. Dynes, 
without board approval, gave Fox an 
extra $248,000 in lieu of a sabbatical 
she had accrued at her previous posi-
tion as chanceUor of North Carolina 
State University. 

At state Senate hearings explor-
ing the university's pay methods, 
senators criticized Dynes for not 
communicating with other offices 
about compensation. 

Parsky pledged to some members 
of a senate subcommittee on higher 
education that he would restruc-
ture UCOP and create a mandatory 
transparency policy. 

"We're not going to rely on vol-
untary compliance going forward," 
he told the senators. 

value. The study, 
however, did not include extra com-
pensation for top executives. 

In addition, an independent exter-
nal audit of pay methods and a task 
force exploring compensation will 
publicly report their findings later this 
month. 

Until those groups finish their 
inquiries, the Legislature will be 
content with seeing the university 
continue to disclose its payments to 
administrators. Scott said. 

"We are not demanding that they 
justify every salary and we don't want 
to be in the position of overseeing 
every hire; he said. "But we very much 
want transparency and that seems to 
be what they are doing:' 

Reoders can contaci Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

Campus Committee Opposes 
Return-to-Aid for All Fees 

• AID, from page 1· 
to include compulsory fees, which 
amounts to $400 per student. 

Return-to-aid allows needy stU-
dents to receive some sort of reim-
bursement of their fees, according 
to Denis Shmidt, the A.S. Council 
representative to SRRC. 

"Lately, several UC campuses 
have assessed themselves fees in the 
hundreds of dollars per quarter," he 
said. · Since these fees are not cov-
ered by financial aid or any other 
need -based aid services, they can 
become prohibitive to current or 
future students." 

The lack · of money at the state 
level pushed the committee to sug-
gest other ways to support student 
financial aid. 

"When It's understood that there 
are no other monies in the system 
- not through Pell Grants and Cal 
Grants, which have been hiltori-
cally weak - we recognized using 
return-to-aid in a different man-
ner is a fair policy to put in place," 
Valladolid said. 

SRRC specified to which com-
pulsory fees to attach the return-
to-aid mechanism; the Price Center 
expansion and RIMAe Arena fees. 
as well as activity fee charges for col-
lege councils. tbe Graduate Student 
Association and the A.S. Council. 

"I believe tbat most college-
based fees are so small that there 
is no undue burden on the students 
and having a return-to-aid com-
ponent on a miniscule fee would 
only increase the worJcload of the 
college's business office and prevent 
college councils and organizations 
from serving the students by putting 
on programs and events." Shmidt 
said. 

UCSD's recommendations are 
consistent with all other undergrad-
uate UC campuses, which also apply 
the policy to tbeir fees. according 
to CUnt Haden, UCOP's director of 
undergraduate and graduate cam-
pus life. 

Retlders can contact Chta,les Nguyen 
tat charles_nguyen~sbcg1obal.net . 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

·STUDY ABROAD ASIA: SUMMER 2006 
June 17 to August 21 

Come explore the captivating and inspiring cultures 
oJ Hawaii, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Malaysia, 
Singapore, Korea, and Japan. Select from over 40 dynamic 
and relevant courses and earn 9 to 12 semester credits 
from the University of Virginia. 
See your study abroad advisor for assistance with 
transferring your credits. Financial aid is available. 

Since 1963 more than 40,000 students have journeyed the world with 
Semester at Sea. Visit us at www ... _ ........ CCIIII 
email _ ............... CCIIII or caU"'''195. 

NEWS 7 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Cody B. Nabours 
hialus@ucsdgllardian.org 

~ THE BEST SONGS OSS IN HIATUS O THIS WEEK ditties hiatus- San Quinn Rhett Miller Richard Cheese 
a rts/enterta i nment • "Hold in' Back These Years" • "My Valentine" • "Rape Me" • "The Hunter" • "Brand New Way" • "Baby Got Back" 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 

W~er~~ no the top (Vince there are 
comedians who find endless 
natural, awkward silences (Ricky 

lft/j:I .of Brits, director 
WInterbottom -and actor Steve COCll!an!'" 
has succccdtd at bringing the latter come-
dlc styte to ~ big screen with "Tristram 
Shandy: A. Cock and Bull Story." 

Winterbottem is not a household name, 
but he just may be the hardest-working 
man in show business. Amazingly, he 
releases a fLlm every year - a pace rivaled 
only by Woody Allen. However, unlike 
Allen, Winterbottom's films are wildly dif-
ferent from one another. From the heart-
wrenching period piece (1996's "Jude"), 
a sci-fi romance (2004's "Code 46"), a 
punk- laden docudrama (2002's "24 Hour 
Party People"), or last year's porn-laden 
punk flick ("9 Songs"), Winterbottom has 
explored every genre and then some. This 
year he has tackled another convention-
defying project with the terribly clever 
fIlm-within-a-film comedy, 'j', Cock and 
Bull Story." 

The mOvie chronicles a series of hilarious 
mishaps that unfold when a group of inde-
pendent filrnmaIcers try to film the essen-
tially unfi\mab1e novel "The Life and Times 
of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman." Not since 
1995's "Living in Oblivion" has a movie 
chronided the woes of independent film-
making with such wit Comedy ensues as the 
film's director (played by jeremy Northan) 

Coogan's 
dIIlI!:tI .. i~:fj:~mance holds it 

worked with 
Hour Party People; 
cOlriifl~!iHtjs- that has made a career 

out of playing smug celebrities. In "Party 
People" he hilariously played the conceited, 
shallow TV journalist Tony Wilson. Then, 
in 2000l's "Coffee and Cigarettes," he paro-
died himself as a conceited and shallow 
British comedian. Now he reprises the role 
of himself in "A Cock and Bull Story?' It's 
his shtick, but it's one that never grows 
old. In this film, for example, Coogan 
demands to wear shoes that make him look 
laller than his co-stars; whispers "You're 
so lucky," to his girlfriend after a night of 
lovemaking; and, alas, didn't even bother to 
read the book that the fLlm is based on. But 
throughout, Coogan never goes ove'rboard 
and never tries too hard to get a laugh. He's 
funny because, like the rest of the movie, he 
is completely believable. 

Countless realistic Hollywood-mock-
ing moments brimming with irony make 
"A Cock and Bull. Story" one of the most 
original comedies in years. In one scene 
where the filmmakers sit around discussing 
whether or not to cast Gillian Anderson in 
the film in order to get two stars to head-
line the movie, the screenwriter (Ian Hart) 
quips, "Two stars ... I can see the reviews: 
'two stars.m Well, this reviewer is going to 
disagree. 

COURTESY Of WWW.PICTUltfHOU5f.COM 

No Bull: BriHiant Brit comicl Rob Brydon (WIt) and Stew Coovan (,;g/tt) IIotII ~ IINnuIIwI ill tJwjflm-
witfti/l-tlte-jilm parody "TrisIam Shandr: A 0Jek and Bull StorrI .• In one _, Coc9m IIIrows a ta/III'IIm 
whm he rmat I'H/Iac:t tilt great Tristram SItandJI'. birth bv passing tIIrougIt a _ ...... 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 9 

rft.nft .. .I;ftll'g~f--------------""""----­~"UI Ul115~ 
San Quinn 
• The Rock: Pressure Makes Diamonds 
SMC RECORDINGS 

**** Could this be the year? Could it be that the Bay Area rap scene is ready to blow, with side-shows spreading to South Dakota and even 
your mother showing her thizz face? Yadadimean? 
Probably not, but the growing popularity of long-
ignored Bay rap has been a major storyline in hip-
hop this year (see the twice-hourly playing of "Tell 
Me When to GO' as evidence) and San Quinn is 
yet another benefactor of this newfound curiosity, 
with nationwide distribution thanks to his recent 
partnership with SMC. 

Bay rappers have always held the main-
stream audience at arm's length due to the 
sheer gulliness of both their content and flow. 
While Quinn doesn't betray this tradition, he 
also shows some vulnerability when speaking 
about his struggles in the game on "Look What 
I've Done For Them" and "Holdin' Back These 

Rhett Miller 
• The Believer 
VERVE FORECAST 

For the lead singer of an alt -country band from Texas, Rhett Miller always seemed a little, well, British. His teeth are fine (the ones that 
aren't gold), but somewhere between his precious 
lyrics and girlish good looks one gets the impres-
sion that maybe it's only the ballsy twang of his 
guitar that keeps his band, the Old 97s, invigorat-
ing instead of irritating. 

That theory is put to the test on The Believer, 
Miller's second solo effort. He's normally a lead 
guitarist, but here Miller doesn't pluck a single 
note. The songwriting is as good as always, but 
the pop production doesn't quite cut the sweet-
ness of Miller's vocals the way his own furious 
strumming used to (especially in the hopelessly 

Years," in which Quinn proclaims that he has 
"paid too many dues:' It is this recurring theme 
of being overlooked that has unified the Bay, 
and collaborations with fellow San Francisc~ 
Ya' Boy on "Frisco Stand Up" and "The Hunter" 
convey their anger at this disregard. 

The hunger and passion of San Quinn are 
obvious from the start, but the album stumbles 
when Quinn attempts to make radio-friendly 
tracks such as "Hell Yeah!" and "It's A Done 
Deal," two songs incorporating generically 
obnoxious whistling samples not flattering to 
Quinn's mostly monotone flow. The flaws are few 
and far between though, and Quinn delivers a 
worthy album, one that will surely earn him new 
fans while pleasing his long-time followers. 

- Adam Staley 
SENIOR STAff WRITER 

hopeful lead single, "Help Me Suzanne:') The 
notable exceptions are the fiery opener "My 
Valentine," where he offers that "sex in wartime is 
sweeter than peace" and "Brand New Way',' which 
exploits Jon Brion on strings, making a case for 
Miller's insistence on solo projects. 

Ultimately, Miller trades in his guitar sound 
at too great a price: The album is listenable all 
the way through (unlike 2002's frontloaded TIlt 
Instigator) but is never as rousing as it should be. 
He might be wise to dust off his guitar before he 
becomes known as the softest fingered rocker 
ever to hail from the Lone Star State. 

- Ri/ey Sa/ant-Pearce 
SENIOR STAFF WRI TER 

...................................................................................•.••.. 

Richard Cheese 
• Sunny Side of the Moon 
SURFDOG RECOROS 

*** There's something irresistible about a man who suavely dedicates a song "for the ladies" before cheerfully belting out a cool, 
jazzy version of Nirvana's "Rape Me" that would 
have made Old Blue Eyes sniffle with prid e 
- just a little bit. 

But what 'separates Richard Cheese from 
other lounge artists is that he does more than 
just rehash the claSSics; he takes the venom 
out of songs such as Radiohead 's "Creep" and 
mothers them with big band, Rat Pack charm. 

The result i a parody of raunchy, popular 

tracks like lipknot's "People = Shit" and Sir 
Mix-A-Lot's "Baby Got Back:' but it's infused 
with such wicked, soulful delighl that the con-
trast between the ob cene lyrics and the upbeat 
lounge music makes the album absurdly hys-
terical. 

Besides, with romantic, heartwarming songs 
such as these, it's no wonder Cheese announces 
in his remake of Young Me's "Bust a Move" 
- "Seriously, we do weddings." 

- Quynh Nhu Nguyen 
STAFF WRITER 

~----------------------------~ ~ . 1 
FlalDe Bro'lerW : 
Alwap Geod. • .Alwap Guaranteed! 1 

SIOOO& Chicken Bowl II Medium DrInk 
Not valid w ith any other offer. With coupon only. 

Expires 4/9/06 

NO MSG • NO BONE • NO SKIN NO FRYING 

1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 

La Jolla VlUace Center (next to Rubio's) (lSI) 587-89891 
-----------------------------~ 

FRIDAY, APRIL 21 
SPRECKELS THEATRE 

TICKETS AVAILABLE AT lIVENATION COM 
..' ~ ,I , I I I 

vF- rwT i', 



10 HIATUS THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Depp's 'Libertine' Washes Up in Drab Debauchery 
By A"ia Dylewska 
S~NIOR STAfF WRITER 

If given the chance. John Wilmot. the econd Earl of Rochester, would probably get drunk and merry with 
Capta in Jack parrow; he also might 
educe oddball Willy Wonka. but in 

"The Libertine," Johnny Depp leaves 
behind his pirate swagger and his 
candyman eccentricity for a cassock 
cuat and periwig. 

The infamous libertine - who 
engaged in all kinds of licentiou 
behavior while consumi ng large 
quantities of alcohol and wri tin g 
satirical. sexually explici t plays and 
poems - is not a bad choice for a 
biopic. Depp certainly has the right 
charm and unique allure to resurrect 
Wilmot. In the prologue to the film, 
he manages this task tremendOllsly. 
With nirtatious, wickedly menacing 
words. he avows "You will not like 
me." And you don't, well , at least 
you really don' t, want to. He speaks 
about his exploits in frank, repul -

The Libertine 
**~ 

Starring Johnny Depp and Samantha Morton 
Directed by Stephen Jeffreys 

Opens MilTch 10 
Rated R 

COURTESY OF THE WEINSTEIN COMPANY 

Dapper Depp: Johnny Depp i~ John Wilmar the libertine, a hedonistic poet who has (III affair 
with all actress after he grows increasingly bored with his ordinary wife (Rosamund Pike, left). 
sive terms, but his aberrant words He remains unlikable - and i in 
are strangely seductive. He entices fact revolting by the end - and not 
you with an opening to his pleasure exciting. 
garden, and without much prod - "The Libertine" is a frustrating 
ding, you turn the doorknob with an film because for most of it, you just 
entranced hand. want Wilmot to be allowed to enjoy 

Sadly, despite the arousing begin - his fantasies. At least he is in his 
ning, Wilmot simply isn't allowed to element at two potent scenes. When 
breathe. Stifled by King Charles II's Wilmot's mother cri ticizes his daily 
new doctrine to clean up the coun- inebriation, stating that "anyone can 
try, and plagued by a developing, get drunk," Wilmot provocatively 
crippling case of syphili s, Wilmot 
is not exactly an appealing sex icon. [ LIBERTINE, page 131 

YOU'RE INVITED TO THE 
PARTY OF THE DECADE! 

A FILM BY MICHEL GONDRY 

~DGU[ ItlUAfSMIIBOO \M1.nIJlSIlmI~lm BOY. BIIlIIIHS fIlIS_UI'DIllIliIWlWNI AOOI II.UIMOO GIJIIIY 
rAm MSI MOS on wm MtU IlIMD TIl fll;US 000 IW1 _1WlJ Jll m TlllIIIlfIlS 1M!ell[ 1M IlM'ilU~ Olin IWIIY' 

ad!IOOAfi SMYIH .. &VWl fl/a .lIf IIDWWI "BlJLIRl fNiID 8llUN QM~ -'00111611111 AII8EH1 r.au 
IIISIlJI8HIGIfI GAlG IlWDfAWlIm mw .... UINIMA NltlW JUU[ fIIIII .... !Wl ~Ull B08 VNlI-WUDI1Iil1Jf1 

C SOUNDlRACK FEATURESIWIIWIJ. Jl(lDlrul~rr. _1Ei1lf. WI OOI~UG~ 
["ii1;;;~~ SOUNIITRACK AlBUM AVAllABU ON GffFfN REIlIRDS. =~ R 0 G U E 

_.ch.ppell .. blockparly.com :"':'~":~.'!...:"': 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 

INSERT: . [FUNNY] 
WRITE A CAPTION & WIN A PRIZE! 

This is kind of redundant, fIll in the bubble and/or writB a 
hilarious caption to the above. and we will send you and 

your throbbing pen of princely anime and/or 

L below). ___________ ~'~~~u:~_p_~_~_u_~ ______ ~ __ _ 

""'::0" TIl 1.1 
.,.. .... ,.. 
ht. .... . 

~NlTYAIU 
T01201U1m 

ULTRAZON. 
3146 _ An. lilt • III DIIto, CA 
r.. ......... II 51 SpIrII ..... 

(619) m.flOO • "''''.1 ... 1.1. ce. 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 

Sugary-Sweet Rooney and the Moody 
Moving Units Will Rock In Roosevelt 

B Cody B. abours and Gaelle Faure 
ENIOR STAfF WRITER 

It seems like forever since anyone heard the name Rooney (outside of the crotchety "60 Minutes" night-
cap who complain about pennies and 
junk mail), but it's been only three 
years since the sunny pop-rock outfit 
released their self-titled debut album. 

The Los Angelinos harmonized 
their way onto thc airwave in May 
2003, sporting shaggy Byrd hair-
cut and subtle-as-a-sledgehammer 
Cal ifornia imagery - note the state-
flag "bear and a star" cover to their 
album and the video for "Blueside;' 
where the group plays with their backs 
to the Paci fic as the sun sets behind 
them. Perfect then, for the youthful 
band to play at sunny UCSD, as the 
headlining act orthe Rock 'n' Roosevelt 
festival. Despite their OC-wannabe 
appearance, Rooney effortlessly locked 
down the A.M.-radio pop formul a 
on their debut. sounding like the kid 
brother to other Beach Boys-meet-
power-chord acts like Phantom Planet 
and Weezer. 

Rooney is more than a brother 
in spi rit to Phantom Planet. Robert 
Carmine, Rooney's singer/guitar-
ist , i the younger brother of Jason 
Schwartzmann (the actor/ex-drum-
Iller for Phantom Pla net). who 
hooked lip Rooney's first shows - as 
his band's opening act. But uch rock 
'n' roll nepotism is meani ngl ess, ince 
Rooney serves up Californ ia un hine 
with as much of a smile as Carmi ne's 
older brother's newly iconic band. 

Recently awoken, Rooney plans 
a return sometime in spring, having 
recorded an album's worth of mate-
rial with producer Howard Benson 
(behind such embarrassments as 
Crazy Town, Adema, P.O.D. and My 
Chemical Romance). We can only 
wait to see if Rooney will win a new 
spot in the rotation for those who 

Pucker Up. Buttercup: LosAngeles' Rooney 
will perform its sun-sooked pop al Rock 'n 
Roosevelt along with the Moving Units. 
name sunny pop a guilty (or not so 
guilty) pleasure. At the very least, 
they've got pop hooks, mop-tops and 
baby faces enough to pull it off. 

Opening for Rooney is anoth -
er L.A.-based outfit, but these guys 
are more gritty, ew York-club than 
Highway 1. Few saw the Moving Units 
on a little side stage during 2004's Sun 
God, somewhere between a Twinkie-
deming Goldfinger and fuming Busta 
Rhymes, but those who did know the 
dance-punk revivalist trio to be an irre-
sistibly bass-driven, hip-shaking acl. 
Good thing too, because their 2004 
debut of Dangerous Dreams didn't cap-
ture half of their live energy. While the 
dance-punk wave has all but receded, 
the Moving Units, who were one of the 
first way back in 2001, get extra credit 
for honesty. Their self-titled EP show-
casing the ridiculously catchy bassline 
of "Between Us and Them" got them 
plenty of hype, but by the time their 
full -length came out in 2004, the over-
load of Hot Hot Heat and their cohorts 
depreciated the effort. 

Rooney and tire MOV;'lg Units will 
perform at Rock '/1 ' Roosevelt at 6:30 
p.m. on March 10. TI,e shaw is free for 
UCSD students. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 11 

"This blows all ft .... I!I.: recent remakes away ... 
BRUTAL" TENSE and 
SCARY T THE MAX!" 

FANGORIA 

"A BEAUTIFUL, GORY RIDE ••• 
one of the. more FEROCIOUS 

horror movies to come out 
of Hollywood for a long time." 

AIN'T IT COOL NEWS 

LOOKING FOR AN 
EXCITING JOB? 

GOOD. BECAUSE 
RED BULL IS 

LOOKING FOR A . 
STUDENT BRAND 

MANAGER ON 
YOU,R CAMPUS! 

To find out more and to apply go to www.redbullu.com 
or tc t the word SBM to 72855 

•• ' R 111'1 "",I ~f">" \11 ",. ., n(d. 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

this Monday Is the last Guarcllan 
Campus Calendar of Winter Quarter. 
Extended deadline, 4pm today. Go to 
our web site ucsdguardlen.org_ (3/9) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~IAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD Goo,dian reserves the right to classify. edit. delete offensive words and pharse$, 
andlor refuse any and all advertisements without Pflor notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the Gua,dian liable for any claims resUlting from th<> publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will al$O not be held accountable for any claim (rom an agreement made 

betw~n the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reylewed by the advertiser (or errors. In order to be corroaed In the next 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $S per :zo words 
Faculty & Staff: $7.so per 20 __ 

All other5: S12 per:zo words 
Advance payment is required . 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 

552-8585 x 5590 (3/16) 

Chance to Win $150. Many Identities, 
One Community Essay Contest. 
Human Relations Awareness Week 
2006. www.sohr.ucsd.edu for info. 
(3113) 

regular Issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be $20,00 per column inch 
given for the Incorrect portion o( the advertisement. There are no refunds (or cancellations. Deacllnes: 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8()()().$15000 for qualified, 
responsible applicants. AU ethnic 
backgrounds welcome. Special Need 
for Jewish, Asian, and East Indian 
donors. Close personal support by 
experienced donor. Call Dawn @ 951-
696-7466. Full info at www.fertilltyal-
ternatlves.com (6/8) 

PINs. send .11 c";"'poncMnc:e regarding Cia Rifled. to: 1'Yb. Dote Dt,pUy Ads Uno Ads 
SERVICES EYEBLINK STUDY - Males needed. 18-

35. R-handed. drug-free, no psychia t-
ric history. Earn up to $2601 Call 619-
543-2314. M-F, 9-4. UCSDMC. (3/9) 

UCSD G ........ n. Attn: C .... lfIed •• 9500 Gil ...... Drlv.10316. LII JoI .. , CA 92093. Mon. . 4 pm MON 1 wi! 4 pm MON 1 wi! 
A<_llocatlon: Student Center A, Room 217. Thun. 4 pm TH 1 wi! 4 pm TH 1 wi! 

email: adsucsdguardian®yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org Tennis @ Noon - USPTR instructor will 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 
min . lesson any time between 11 -2. 
M-F. UCSD special: 1 or 2 players $20. 
Call 619-787-5475 (3116) EMPLOYMENT 

A+SUBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$725.$1050 hoUrly 
Can Jacki 

(858,565-2144 

Walker for my American Eskimo dog. 
flexible campus daytime and UTC/ 
weekends. Pay negotiable. References 
of responsibility essential. (3/9) 

Students: House Manager positions 
available. 15-19 hours/week, S9/hour. 
Transport, set-up. teardown. mainte-
nance and storage of equipment for 
daily operations. University Center. 
Apply at applyforit.ucsd.edu. (4/3) 

Summer Day Camps- L.A. Ar ••. 
Swimming. horses, sports. arts and 
crafts, beaches. ropes cou rses and 
much more www.daycampjobs.com. 
(5/30) 

, 

MISSION BAY AGUAnCCENTER 
SUMMER CAMP 

COUNSELORS NEEDEDI 
Work at the beach this summer as a 
member of our highly motivated camp 
teaml Responsibilities include safety. 
sport instruction. supervision. camp 

setup and breakdown. promotions and 
special events. Candidates should 

have experience working with children 
ages &17 and should have silills in at 

least one of the following areas: 
Wakeboarding. Waterskiing. Surfing. 

e Kayaking, Windsurfing or Marine Science, must be • available to work June through August. Bilingual 
is a plus. 

Apply In .-- It tile MINIon a.y 
AquMIc Center or CIIII KevIn WaIIkk 

It (8&8)48&-1000 x215 
lor more 1nIvnnItIon. 

Rewarding Summer Jobs- LA, Area. 
Gain valuable experience while 
working with children in a variety 
of fun settings www.daycampjobs. 
com. (5/30) 

Swim Instructors $ 11 -17 per hour. 
San Diego 858-273-7946. North 
County 760-744-7946. (3/16) 

Fun Part time Event & Game staff 
needed. Interactive Game Rental 
Company for Corporate Parties & 
Events. Fun working environment. 
Will train. 858-622-6613 www. 
PartyPals.com (3/9) 

Gymnastics instructors wanted -
Solana Beach. elementary-aged chil-
dren. Pays $a-14/hr., experience/pro-
ductivity/personality matter. Hours 
available Mon.-Thurs. afternoons, Sat. 
mornings. 858-481-4966 or www.trc-
gymnastics.com (4/20) 

Summer Counselors W.nted: 
Counselors needed for our student 
travel and pre-college enrichment 
programs, middle school enrich-
ment, and college admissions prep. 
Applicants must be 21 years old 
by June 20th and possess a valid 
driver's license. We need: Mature. 
Hardworking, Energetic individuals 

MISSION BAY AQUATIC CENTER 
INSTRUCTORS 

NEEDED 
............... 
.... ........, 

Willi ............ .... 
KIIr ....... 1IIeIructer 
.................... 

OR 
c-..C ..... lar. 
OffIce A •••• _. 

Some experience necessary. 

e Will train qualified candidates. CALL 
(_)488-1000 

GOTWAXBD? 
GET READY FOR SPRING BREAK! CHECK OUT OUR STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

$40 $60 MALE 
8R.AZIUAN WAX BR.AZIUAN WAX 

reg price $60.00 reg price $80.00 

20% OFF any 
other service with the 

exception of facial 
waxing or threading 

These prices are good only for the hours of 9:00 am to 1 :00 pm Tuesday - Friday 

7730 HERSCHEL AVE SUITE C, LA JOLLA, CA 92037 I 858-459-3400 
BARf 

SK I If ( l R £ 
- No •• of t~. Ori,llal Su,ar Will T.c~ai.u .. l. Filcl! nrl!il~il' _ 

w~1fu A-c/.wt,J wt.ibry ~ ~for f'W l'ftty 

who can dedicate 4-7 weeks mentor-
ing and supervising teens. To receive 
information or apply. please visit our 
website: www.summerfun.com. or 
800-645-6611 (3116) 

professionals. Mon. thru Thurs. & some 
Saturdays. $ 12 to S20/hr. (aIl8S8-780-
0288. Located off Hwy 56. (3/9) 

FOR RENT PERSONALS 

Summer Day Camp Counselors Spacious 3-Bedroom tri-Ievel town-
Needed! Stay here in San Diego; . house near Gilman, U Village Square 

Guardian Movie Trivia Update: 
Congrats to Kevin who beat y'all to 
"Die Hard" as the flick complete with 
Twinkie ingredients. Stay tuned this 
Monday for one more winter quarter 
offering. (3/9) 

Drive a camp van to and from camp 
in Rancho Penasquitos (just e~st of 
Carmel Valley). Make a difference in 
the life of a child! 858-487-6000, www. 
outpostsummercamps.com (4127) 

ANYTHING BUT YOUR SOUL 

lliL~ CLASSIFIEDS 
Day Camps - San Fernando / Conejo 
Valleys. Counselors. Lifeguards, Gym, 
Fishing, Canoeing, Horseback Riding, 
Music, Drama, More. $3000-$3600+ / 
summer. 888-784-CAMP. www.work-
atcamp.com (5/8) 

Tutor: Critical reading and writing 
for SAT prep. Looking for responsible 

CROSSWORD 

ACIOSS 
1 Skedaddled 
5 Chocolate coffee 
10 While away 
14 Nimbus 
1 S In a 5I.ate 01 ",dted activity 
16 Babe's suitanolel 
17 lIajah's wile 
18 Drive. as from bed 
19 N_ HaY,," campus 
20 Semi-soft. creamy c'-'e 
22 More risque 
24 SIan 0( John McEnroe c:omrnent 
26 Nucl .. r.-..ction 
29 Never in Nurernbets 

available September. 2-car garage, 
washer/dryer, pool/spa $2400/month. 
Cail858-792-6453. (4/3) 

WANTED 

Volunteers paid $30 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21 -26; call 

Get over yourself, Entertainment 
Tonight reporters. You are not stars. 
You are not even really friends of 
stars. You are just a spoke in the wheel 
called publicity. (3/9) 

LIST YOUR EVENTS in PRINT and ONLINE 
~4I THE~GuARDIAN 

cQlendQc@ucSd 
MON. MAR. 13 

LAST CALENDAR 
WINTER 

30 Two quanets combined 
31 Sothem and Miller 
33 A";III 
37 Pin 2 0( commen! 
40 Actor Damon 
41 Iranian currency unit 
42 In the cooler 
43 Play pan 
44 Moves with steolth 
4S End 0( Commenl 
51 Black s.. per!i'*"a 
52 Molti"l! law 
56 l_at 
57 Duty 11111 
S9 a .... ·.wlfe 

Find the link at 
uadgUllrdltln •• rg and 

H(ampus (alendarH 
Also see more UCSD events at 

CtI,enda,.uatl.edu 

60 Equal 
61 Blackmore heroine 
62 Island 0( exile 
63 Smoll whirlpool 
64 Units 0( loudne!s 
65 Pan 0(005 
DOWN 
1 U", themrth 
2 Island 1m .. 
3 Sea mille 
4 Most doIica .. 
S Balsam 01 Shor1 
6 DoubIe-rftd woodwind5 
7 Woo 
8 Towel word 
9 Selfl.,.. penon 
10 _ out (intimidate) 
11 Sland by for 
12 Capilli 0(0rqj0n 
13 UJbic ........ 
21 Cunfi", 
23 Ripen 
2S Render void 
26 B.a.bIe mosoes 
27 Pac.10 ochooI 
28 lnotruction!rom an odlOl 
31 Novelist B~ 
32 Pacers' erg. 
33 General p.rdons 
H Dolphin..".... 
3S landi"l! place 
36 Fr. holy women 
38 Apple groves 
39 Order 0( archilecture 
43 R ... -.ce 
44 Equilibrium situations 
4S lIifte attachment 
46 Goodod 
47 Imliled 
411 Atnsive ckJlh 
49 Crand _ Nationel Part 
50 Silly 
S3 lazily 
S4 Sm.lliumps 
55 Inoec:t pest 
sa Tic-lie-toe cMc""'" 

See SOlUTIONS on P. 2 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN HIATUS 13 

All Work and More Play Makes 'Loop' a Dull Show Hip-Hop Culture Is Alive As Long 
As We Keep Poppin' and Lockin' By Adam Keleman STAFF WRITER 

Like the youngest child in a large family, young networks are always trying to form a distinct identity, 
separate from their elder counter-
pans. 1n Fox's case, this effort goes 
into copying exactly what its older, 
more experienced Siblings - NBC, 
CIJS and ABC - are doing to seem 
cool ("Skating with Celebrities") or 
rebelling entirely against their tire-
some ways to seem even cooler 
("Arrested Developmenr-). The net-
worlc's new show "The Loop," pre-
miering on March 15 at 9:30 p.m., is 
a strange mix of both strategies. 

-The Loop' features a split 
between two worlds - the college 
party life and the cynical way of the 
workplace. s.m (Ben Harrison) is a 
recent college graduate adjusting to 
life amid the listless landscape of a 
corporate airline headquarters. His 
days barely go by fast enough -
partly due to the whOring VP Meryl 
(Mimi Rogers) and the bigoted com-
pany president Russ (Philip Baker 
Hall). People always want a piece of 
Sam, whether it !>e for business or 
pleasure - in Meryl's case, it's strictly 
pleasure. 

Sam's success at the office is star-
tling' since he is hung over at almost 
every boardroom meeting. He's never 

Not Enough Fun, 
Not Enough Sex 

In 'Libertine' 
~ LIBERTINE, from page 10 
replies: "Few match my determi-
nation." He proceeds to taunt his 
mother by nearly seducing her in a 
way that is intense and disturbing. 
Later, Wilmot puts on a scandal-
ous play - complete with almost-
nude frolicking women, dildos and 
a gigantic statue of a penis - for 
the kings of England and France. 
When King Charles II interrupts 
the production. Wilmot defiantly 
and derisively defends his material . 
Sadly these fun moments are few, 
and fleeting. 

The film begins when Wilmot 
returns to England after having been 
banished by King Charles II (a fit -
tingly regal John Malkovich). The 
use of natural light gives the film 
a grainy quality, and with its dark 
alleys, poor sanitation and ominous 
shadows. England effuses grime and 
strikingly evokes a sense of moral 
corruption. Wilmot parades through 
London as if it was his royal brothel, 
mocks the king behind his back, 
hangs out with his boisterous bud-
dies. but still looks pretty wretch-
ed. Physically unsatisfied with his 
wife, the beautiful but nther plain 
Elizabeth Male! (Rosamund Pike), 
he pursues E.lizabeth Barry (the fiery 
and always interesting Samantha 
Morton). an· independent spirit and 
unappreciated stage actress in whom 
he sees promise. He almost appears 
pleased while tutoring and finally 
bedding Barry; however. she is actu-
ally spying on him, which puts a 
damper on their relationship. Plus. 
he's dying annvay. 

The death is an ordeal in itself. It 
drags on as make-up artists destroy 
all of Depp's handsome features and 
breed a repellent monster. This mon-
ster is a defiant beast that blathers 
on for no panicular reason, gives 
elevated speeches. and then feels the 
need to come to some sort of resolu-
tion with all of the jmportant people 
in its life. Wilmot defies convention 
by refusing to die. but he also makes 
you wish for someone willing to put 
the creature .out of its misery. 

Movies with gratuitous sex scenes 
can become near pornographic and 
meaningless. But in the case of "The 

Libertine~ full appreciation of Wil mot 
requires some portrayal of the past 
elrploits that made him infamous. 
Otherwise. it's like making a docu-
mentary about Hugh Hefner without 
ever entering the Playboy Mansion. 

.. 

By Simone Wilson 
STAFF WRITER 

of plywood:' Mehta said. Things are 
going to get downright gritty ... but 
what's a splinter or two in the name of 

hip-hop~ 

COURTtSY OF FOX 
QfJb ~ Sam (Ben HarriDJ) has 10 baIrmoe worIcing with his grvntpIJ boss (PIJilip 
Bohr HaH) and hitting the (beer) borJg. Mimi Rogers also aHIIIrs as a Mulry uice president. 

What UCSD lacks in physical rep-resentation of black culture it makes up for in the surprising 
abundance of nerdy hip-hop enthu-
siasts. Last quarter, the on -campus 
bip-hop dub put on a show to incor-
ponte the culture's many "elements:' 
involving overwhelmingly white and 
Asian talent. We will not expand on 
the slightly embarrassing rhyme ses-
sions, and indeed they were forgotten 
during the breakdancing component 
- though it inevitably featured the 
endless uprocker or two, the perfor-
mances were generally steeped in gen-
uine ability and individual flair. 

The contest, open to all UCSD 
students (any B-girls out there?), costs 
$10 for competitors and $6 for all those 
who've only come to admire. Mehta 
plans to donate a portion of Ihe show's 
profit to charity, specifically some-
thing akin to "inner-city after-school 
programs" (there was uncertainty due 
mostly to legal complications). The 
companies hope to infuse hip-hop cul-
ture over time into the v.eins of San 
Diego County through Me battles, 
concerts - Dead Prex, Mehta hopes 
- and more. 

had it so good - but his balancing 
is sure to become tougher as both 
his job responsibilities and drinking 
binges expand in scope. 

Watching Sam's life collapse and 
reconstruct itse1f every five minutes 
is actually quite funny. However, his 
dumb roommates and flakey brother 
fit squarely in the boring category. 
They are no more than one-note 
party instigators, and their slap-
stick jokes fall flat. The show's high 
point is the office, where aggres-
sive, humorless employees at Trans 
America Airways genente the most 
laughs. Hapless, overqualified sec-
retary Darcy (Joy Osmanski) is the 
highlight of the show. Her bitter 
remarks about her current position 
in life (despite her MIT degree) catch 
Sam off guard. Veteran actors Hall 

and Rogers also inject the show with 
great energy - plus some frighten-
ingly awkwud moments for Sam. 

Here lies the fine line between 
~ve and rehashed: "The Loop" 
hits a home run in portrayihg busi-
ness ~ in a new way, but we've seen 
too much of this party life - and seen 
it done better. More work assignments 
and less beer pong are needed if "The 
Loop" wishes to survive on Fox's ever-
changing primetime schedule. 

1£ this student-run show was any 
indication of UCSD's B-boy abilities. 
we've got something to look forward 
to. IlIuminari Entertainment and Sutra 
Productions are turning Porter's Pub 
into a hip-hopping haven for their first 
official B-boy Battle Inmotion compe-
tition, hosted by Satien "T.L." Mehta 
and backed by 98.9's OJ Sixx. 

One main dance floor will be 
accompanied by two smaller ones, 
both indoors and outdoors. But this 
ain't yo mama's polished Italian walnut 
- "The floors are just waxed-up pieces 

Expect breaking to evolve . into 
some sporadic popping wars (can you 
say, "You got served?"), and do not fear 
- cash and prizes abound. Though 
the streets of La Jolla hardly cater to 
the thug life. a new breed of hip-hop-
per has been born: the nimble-footed 
science major. No matter how un-hip-
hop Marye Anne Fox and E-Check 
may be, we still represent Ihe culture 
we love - and that's a beautiful thing! 

The B-boy Battle [nmotion will 
take place at Porter's Pub at 9 p.m. on 
March 9. Tickets are $10 /0 compete 
and $6 for general admission. 

Unburied treasure. 
You know Pompeii; now meet its opulent neighbor. Like Pompeii and 
Herculaneum, the lavish villas of5tabiae were buried in the eruptions 
of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79. An unprecedented traveling exhibition, 
In Slabinno features 24 striking frescoes from Stabiae, as well as 
sculpture, decorative arts, household objects and a reconstruction 
of a villa's dining room. In Stabiano provides rare insight into how 
the elite of the Roman Empire lived, almost 2000 years ago. Make 
your plans now to see it, before it disappears again. 

Student discount available with ID. 

IN STABIANO 
Exploring the Andent Seaside Villas of the Roman Elite 

February 18 - May 14, 2006 

'" ~: ~ tIN ~ s.nJh VtHa o(!Itt R#wwlt Elik 1$ Ot'JlIniltd by the An:hlltologteal 
Supennundancy ofPom~1I anJ the Ratonna Anotnt SUtx. FoundatIOn. tour mlo~led by InternattOnal 
Arts &. MitIS, and part"' lty .~ by NIAF.~ me Gt-.nd Cwdt Found.lton . 
Local prtJenlition is mach: poubIr by Expo ltal", tht City of San Otqo CommISSIon for Arts and 
Cuk:ure, cMC~myorS.n OicpCommunrty Enhancement Program , and mtm~o(thc San Ciqo 
MuteumofAn.. 

Interested In MuSiC. Marketing. and Mane",? 
we ere ntrtng e Marketing Manager f'Dr tne ucso campus. very good pay. 

end leem ebOUt the MusIc InClsut~_ Ernell ,",our resume to InternmgmtOCQlglX.COm. 



14 SPORTS 

. . 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Spend JlItntnE'tat the 
only DC • 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 

theOC 
• • • 

ENftOLL ONLINE TODAY AT: SU""Eft.UCI.EDU 

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN SPORTS l S 

Tennis Earns 
First D-I Win 
of the Season 

Club Roller Hockey Team.Falls In Regional Championship 

~ TENNIS, from page 16 
underclassmen, three of whom 
compete, making their performance 
crucial for the team's success. 

"Our younger guys are realizing 
what they need to do to win, and 
realizing that they can win even 
against good schools;' Oijala said. 

The day before the victory over 
Boston College, on March 6, UCSD 
defeated the No. 8 team in Division 
II. Rollins College of Florida. The 
match included intense singles 
action from Meister, who went back 
and forth with his opponent David 
Tafur 1-6, 7-6, 7-6 to finally win 
the match, 3-2. Rubens and Negishi 
defeated their singles opponents as 
well . 

UCSD won all of its doubles 
games against Rollins College, 
with Oijala and Meister contest-
ing the Tars' Carlos Custudio and 
Tafur to win the match 9-7. Also, 
Molden and Oechal joined forces 
to beat Johnathan Gomez and Brian 
Compton 8-5. 

In the first match of this 10-
game homestand, the Tritons defeat-
ed Southern California's Claremont 
McKenna College, winning two 
doubles matches and four singles 
matches. 

Molden trounced his opponent 
Jack DePaolo in an easy 6- 1, 6-2 
win. Rubens defeated Eric Chow, 
Oijala overtook Guillame Schil and 
Negishi beat David Oehm. 

The Triton's two doubles wins 
came from Oijala and Meister with 
an 8-4 victory and Molden and 
Oechal with a tight 9-7 triumph. 

The Tritons will look to continue 
their undefeated homestand against 
Fresno-Pacific on March 9 and 
Gonzaga University on March 12. 

~HOCI(EY, from page 16 
man Richard Ewing said. "But it seems 
to be working well for us, and 1 think 
it does make us have a lot more self-
responsibility and hold one another 
accountable:' 

The Closest person to having a 
leadership role is the captain, sopho-
more Brian Keefe, who holds a bit 
more weight on his shoulders. 

"As a captain, I find it hard to 
make everyone happy;' Keefe said. 
· You don't want conflicts with your 
teammates because that just creates a 
bad practice environment:' 

Besides improving his relation-
ship with his teanImates, being a 
leader has taught Keefe a lot that he 
would not have learned ifhe was only 
a player. According to Keefe, study-
ing the game to teach his players has 
made him see the game in a different 
way. 

As if coaching themselves didn't 
say enough about these players, they 
also battle through the frustrations 
of being labeled a club team, which 
forces them ~o be mostly self-suf-
ficient financially and leaves them 
without a proper practice facility. 

"Hopefully as our program grows, 
we can move up to tier one and 
receive better funding," Fago said. 

The lack of funding hurts players, 
who must finance their expensive 
equipment individually and practice 
in an environment unfit for roller 
hockey. 

"Roller hockey is expensive, peri-
od;' Keefe said. "AU our gear costs 
us already-poor college students a 
lot of money. On top of that. we pay 
registration fees and travel expenses, 
and as a club team, we don't get much 
help:' 

Keefe also expressed disappoint-
ment in UCSD's lack of a good rink 
for hockey competition. 

"Not having a decent rink around 
is probably our biggest problem; 
Keefe said. ''A local rink would cut 

WATER POLO 
'1Ir"" vs. LONG BEACH 

STATE 
IIARCH12TH 

12PM 00 ~ANYONVIEW PDOl 

BASEBALL 
",,. 

VS. 
CAL STATE 

L.A . 
IIRCH11TH 

IIAMS 2:30PM 
00 TRITON BASEBAll FIELD 

down costs and help a great deal dur-
ing practice~ 

The only benefit of an under-
funded practice facility is it forces 
the players to be tougher as they are 
slammed into concrete walls during 
practice, compared to the more for-
giving boards during games. 

Despite these struggles, the team's 
players are still willing to work hard 
for their wins three times a week in 
practice. 

"High-level hockey requires crisp, 
tape-to-tape passes; one odd-man 
rush can be ru ined by a bad pass; 
Keefe said. "One 
bad pass can equal 

fecting in game situations. 
"Our team pretty much pulls off 

exactly what we practice in games, 
which is pretty crazy:' junior Marc 
Toso said. 

Maintaining this high level of 
competition is difficult with new 
players being added to the system 
every year. 

"It just takes a while to develop 
with new players like myself because 
the team is a lot different from last 
year;' Ewing said. 

Although it has taken awhile, the 
team has developed a certain bond. 

"Our team has 
come together so 

in the game, the Tritons found them-
selves behind 4-3 with 13 seconds 
left in the final period. Keefe scored 
an unbelievable goal that would have 
tied the game, had the referees not 
disallowed it. The zebras took away 
the goal due to what they called a 
"dead play;' meaning the net was out 
of position. 

"It was a fair call;' Keefe said. 
"Even though the net being off didn't 
really affect the goal since it was right 
smack in the middle ... that's how it 
goes sometimes." 

The final loss set a omber mood 
for the Tritons, most of whom felt 
they deserved the game-tying goal. 

a breakaway for the 
other team, a mis-
take that cannot be 
taken back:' 

Keefe also 
said that the team 
focuses a lot of 
time on making 
sure everyone is 
on the same page 
come game time. 
Predicting player 
positioning on the 
rink requires an 
element of team 
chemistry that has 

I think we can do 
really well at 

nationals, which is 
something teams 
around the nation 

well this year and 
our chemistry in 
games compared 
to our first tour-
nament is unbe-
lievable;' Keefe 
said. "We all get 
along pretty well. 
Being in the lock-
er room before 
games is usually 
quite entertain -
ing:' 

"The whole locker roo~u was qu iet 
following that game;' Fago said. "We 
should not have been in the position 
of being down by one point so la!c in 
the game in the first place." 

Ewing agreed that the Tritons 
could have played better, but still was 
not happy about the ending. 

"I think the loss was a bit cheap, 
but I know we didn't play our best," 
he said. "We had a lot of shots and 
our defense played well. We just need 
to work on finishing and capitalizing 
on the power play:' 

don't expect?' 
- Brian Keefe, Sophomore 

Roller Hockey Captain Although the 
locker room hosts 

been steadily rising among teammates 
since the beginning of the season. 

"We've also worked a lot on flow-
ing as a team and expecting where 
each other is going;' Keefe said. 

Every hockey fan loves the sound 
of players slamming into rink walls, 
but there is a Iot more skill required 
of this tradition. 

"A lot of times we do body drills 
to learn how to tie up an opponent 
in any situation without getting a 
penalty:' Keefe said. "Since college is 
more physical. we need practice to 
adapt to that." 

That practice has been paying off, 
as the players have been able to mir-
ror the techniques they've been per-

fun and games, 
the Tritons become much more seri-
ous when they roll onto the rink at 
the start of their games, just as they 
did this last weekend when they trav-
eled to Upland, Calif.. for the regional 
tournament. 

The Tritons started the tourna-
ntnt with three clutch wins over the 
University of Reno, Long Beach State 
and Evergreen Community CoUege 
- the three teams right below 
UCSD in the standings. However, 
after the strong start, the Tritons suf-
fered a tragic one-point loss in the 
March 5 championship game against 
University of Reno, the same team 
they beat the preceding day. After 
making only three of their 45 shots 

Despite their disappointment 
about losing in the championship 
game, the Tritons are confident that 
they can overcome the tough loss 
and play well in nationals. In fact, 
Toso thinks that the loss will make 
the team work harder and become 
even better. 

"Losing to UN Reno makes you 
forget about all the wins earlier in 
the season," Toso said. "We're going 
to continue to work on puck move-
ment and positioning. We hesitated 
too much on the power play and will 
definitely fix that before nationals." 

Keefe took a similar attitude. 
"I have a lot of faith in our team;' 

he said. "I think we can do really well 
at nationals, which is something teams 
around the nation don't expect:' 

SOFTBALL 
vs. 

CAL STATE 
MONTEREY BAY 
MARCH 11TH 

12PM G 2PM 
00 TRITON SOFTBALL FIELD 

TRACK 6 FIELD 
11111110 

CITY 

11:30AM @ TRIT[]N 
TRACK S FIELD STAOIUM 

... 


