
WHY PERFECTIONISTS SUCK AND THE DIRTY RULE. OPINION, PAGE 5 

UNIVERSITY OF ·CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

RDI 
www.ucsdguardian.org THURSDAY, MARCH 2,2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

DUAL NUMBERS 
HAMPER CRISIS 

RESPONSE 
Common sense dictated 
dialing 911, but doing so 
slowed down the arrival 
of help, witness says. 

By Matthew McArdle 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

The pedestrian who aw Sixth 
College freshman Daniel Sobel fall 
to his death from Gilman Parking 
Structure last month in an apparent 
suicide did what almost anyone would 
do during an emergency: Dial 911 . 

However, the witness, a Sixth 
College ophomore who wished to 
remain anonymous, did not anticipate 
that the decision to dial 911 from her 
cell phone would actually delay police 
response to the scene. 

UCSD, along with many other 
universities, has its own police force. 
The UCSD- Police Department, which 
only has jurisdiction on and immedi-
ately around the campus, also has its 
own number, (8S8) S34-HELP. Dialing 
911 from any land line on campus 
transfers an emergency call directly 
to campus police, and S34-HELP will 
connect both cell phones and land 
lines to campus police, according to 
Detective John Smart. If dialed from 
a cell phone, however, the traditional 
911 emergency number connects the 
call to a California Highway Patrol 
office located in the area code of the 
cell phone, forcing the CHP emer-
gency dispatcher from the outside area 
to transfer the call to the appropriate 
local authorities, Smart said. 

"You lose response time when you 
switch dispatchers; he said. "It's like 
when you play the telephone game. 
From here to there, a lot of things will 
change:' 

In Sobel's case, the witness initially 
called 911 from her cell phone at 1l:34 
p.m. on Feb. 9. After being notified 
by CHP officials at 11 :39 p.m., UCSD 
police arrived at the scene at 1l:44 
p.m., and the ambulance arrived one 
minute later, a total of 11 minutes after 
the original distress call was placed. 

The witness, who talked to 911 
dispatchers twice from her cell phone, 
said that she was outraged that author-
ities tOOK so long to respond during 
the "most serious emergency I've ever 
faced in my life." 

"It would have been faster to run to 
the hospital across the street," the wit-
ness said, referring to the VA Medical 
Center. "It's so shocking because there 
are three hospitals nearby.' 

Smart said that campus police 
always respond as quickly as possible 
when a life is in danger, but would not 
say whether or not a faster response 
time could have made a difference 
in providing aid to Sobel, who was 
treated unsuccessfully at the scene by 

[ HElP, page 7 ) 

HIATU 

Two-Way Race Set for Presidential Spot 

KUNAl SU KH I/A/G UARDMN 
OIrrent A.S. Vice President 0/ Arodemic Affairs HOTTy Khmma (left) andl:arl Warren Cdkgi senior Daniel Wat15 will compete/or the A.S. president position'ln tlie upcoming A.S. electiOn. 

Political veteran Watts 
and VP Khanna vie for 
the top position, each 
heading a new slate. 

By Matt L'Heureux 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Only two candidates will face 
off for the office of A.S. president 
next year, marking the first two-
way race in nearly a decade. 

Univ~rsity 
Finds UCSD 

Doc Negligent 
By Charles Nguyen 

NEWS EDITOR 

The UC General Counsel criti-
cized a UCSD doctor for being 
negligent in his duties at a sister 
transplant program at UC Irvine, 
which was shut down after several 
patients died waiting for donated 
organs. 

In the report, the university's 
lawyers concluded that officials 
from the United Network for 
Organ Sharing, which provide 
organs for patients, were misled to 
believe that Marquis Hart would 
be phYSically present at UC Irvine, 

[ TRANSPlANT, page 3 ) 

SPORTS 

Current A.S. Vice President of 
Academic Affairs Harry Khanna 
has 10 other executive candidates 
running under his Student Voice! 
slate, mirroring the structure of 
Earl Warren College senior Daniel 
Watts' Tritons United! slate, which 
also has 10 candidates for top A.S. 

Coun~il positions. 
Khanna, a Warren junior, was 

elected on the Revolution! plat-
form during last year's election, and 
spearheaded the creation of a new 
Student-Run Television charter. 

Watts, who is in his fifth year at 
UCSD, has been heavily involved 
in campus politics, and ran for A.S. 
preSident last year, taking second 
place. 

While there are only two candi-
dates, Watts said that it doesn't nec-
essarily mean only two parties will 
be running in the entire election. 

"There are college council 
parties . that are running against 
Tritons United!'s senate and col-
lege council candidates," he said. 
"As far as the all-campus races 

go, the one-on-one face-offs will 
ensure that the winning candidate 
receives a majority of the votes, 
which hasn't usually happened in 
previous years because of third-
party candidates." 

Khanna agreed that only having 
two "parties" was not necessarily 
an anomaly. In fact , last year's elec-
tions were more abnormal, with 
three slates on the ballot, he said. 

Khanna declined to offer spe-

[ CANDIDATES, page 3 ] 

Report: Pay for Administrators Gro.wing 
By Charles Nguyen 

NEWS EDITOR 

Salaries of university adminis-
trators have risen steadily across 
the nation, with this year seeing a 
record increase in raises given to 
public university officials. 

Data gathered by the College 
and University Professional 
Association for Human Resources 
found that the median salary of 
college administrators rose by 3.S 
percent this academic year. Last 
year, the increase was 3.3 percent, 
compared to a 2.S-percent jump 
the year before that. 

The report does not come as 
a surprise, as the trend of ris-
ing administrator wages has lasted 
for IS years, according to CUPA-
HR Director of Communications 
Gayle Kiser. 

The latest survey is yet another 
example of universities' skewed 

PERONT INCREASES IN MEDIAN ADMINISTRATOR SALARIES 

preference, according to Celine 
Perez, who represents the San 
Diego sector of the American 
Federation of State, County and 
Municipal Employees, a union of 
blue-collar workers. 

"The [UC system] has repeat-

edly told low-paid workers state-
wide that there is no money even 
for cost-of-Iiving increases for the 
last three to four years where three 
different union had to strike for 

[ ADMIN, page 7 ] 

INSIDE WEATHER 
Spittin' in OScar'S Eye Tennis Finally Gets Love New Bu iness ............... .......... 3 Editorials .. .. ... .... .... .. ... ........... ... 4 '''''I' March 2 March 3 
From the overrated to the unnoticed, writers 
dole out the golden boys the Academy didn't. 
pale 8 

The men's team records itsfirstwin, cnJShing 
Cal Poly Ponoma 9-0. 
page 16 

Guest Commentary ............. .. 5 H61 L48 HS7L42 
Album Reviews .. .................. 11 
Classifieds .............. ..... .......... 12 March 4 March 5 
Crossword ............ .......... ... .... 12 H60 L42 H66L47 



2 NEWS 

CURRENTS------
Campus Researchers 
Fight to Stop Bird Flu 

Responding to the growing 
threat of a bird flu pandemic. 
UCSD has begun studyi ng the 
causes. risk factors and pre-
vention of bird flu in humans. 
Collaborating closely with both 
national and international hea lth 
o rganizations. researchers are 
developing ways to understand 
and contain the flu 's threat to both 
human and animal health and to 
provide new methods to control a 
potential outbreak. 

Researchers from San Diego 
Super omputer Center at VCSD 
are using a computationa l data 
grid to study ' the extent of bi rd 
flu virus resistance to the human 
im mune system, providing an 
international "gene tic library" for 
d ifferent strains of bird flu a nd 
identifying n~w leads for drug 
development and screen ing. 

In addi tion. UCSD person-
ne l from the Ca lifornia Office 
of Bina tional Border Health 
are c urrently working with the 
Californ ia Department of Health 
Services to address regiona l 
strategies and readiness for the 
spread of a possible bird flu pan-
demi c to the California-Mexico 
border region . 

Tijuana A.I.D.S. 
Cases Skyrocket 
The number of Tijuana resi-

dents aged 15 to 49 with HIV or 
A.I.D.S. is increasing more rap-
idly than expected and may be 
as high as one case for every 125 
people. approaching the United 
Nations definition of an epidem-
ic, according to the results of a 
new UCSD-Ied study. 

Located just across the U.S. 
border. directly south of San 
Diego, the city of Tijuana, with a 
population of about 1.2 million. 
has an A.I.D.S. ratio that is three 
times higher than the Mexican 

national average. according to 
Kimberly C. Brouwer. a UCSD 
family and preventative medi-
c ine professor and the leader 
of the team that conducted the 
study. 

The model used in the study 
suggests that injection-drug use 
and the sex trade may be driving 
the increasi ng number of HIV 
and A.1.D.5. cases. Researchers 
also found the rate of infection 
in high-risk groups - me n who 
have sex with men. injection-
drug users who share needles. 
sex workers and pregnant women 
- were greatly increasing and 
that Tijuana 's status as a major 
drug trafficking center may be a. 
contributing factor in the rise of 
HIV and A. I.D.S. cases. 

Carlos Magis-Rodriguez. the 
director of Mexico's federal HIVI 
A. I.D.S. agericy and a co-author 
of the stud y. indicated that the 
country would fight the spread 
of the fatal disease by offer-
ing more free testing. advocating 
the proper use of condoms and 
increasing the availability of ster-
ile syringes. 

UCTV Available 
Free Online 

The lJniversity of Ca lifornia 
has made more than 1.000 hours 
of UCTV programming available 
for free viewing on the Google 
Video service. 

UCTV is a 24-hour satellite 
channel that broadcasts edu-
cational and enrichment pro-
gramming from the university's 
10-campus system. the three 
national labs that the university 
manages for the federal govern-
ment and associations affiliated 
with the university. 

The extensive video library 
includes interv iews. lectures. 
doc umentaries and musical per-
formances about many subjects. 
incl uding publi c affairs. sciellce. 
hea lth. medici ne . humanities 
and the arts. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

SUSIE S.D. By Jennifer Hsu 
If Ho\o.) Co)OHO£1tf'VI.- I' IT ~"i 31\)DeNfS CAN Erl\8flACE 
\Me \-\IlI'T01l'l ~o (NL.>f\:ltta OF WORI..O Iolfta u eo{ slmp&.y 

p/fINJ(#IIG O\IT of A PI1SC.E ~ F ART,?" 
--

,. S. 1'KIJ ,1tIa .,y ""cnAn AS~ IS ~HA'1IIlD 8"tIOfD CM .... 
A ~ nIIlt~ 1l1It' IT t~·~ Lll<1("To PRIIIt< ""I" 01' _ RIIINI.IIO_'N • . 

THURSDAY. MARCH 2. 2006 

vt"I~~ :.1'~ -....-
""""'Mlkloo c.,,_ 

Helrher Welles 

CINrtosNs .... n 
--_McAodle 

---Marianne Midden 0pI0I00-
H~nni <:imp 

-0pI0I00-
.... _n SpIno-

DonoI-., 
- .... -Chrb;tlneP~ 

--MilmetIt Fedrrit 

---CocIy8.Noboun 

--Olrlstine Cl.1rk 
__ HIIoIs 

~I~faurf! 
BiHyW",,!! __ 

AIe"nde<V"ond __ _ 

Andrew Nguyen o.tr &IIIr 
Riley ~1~nt·Pn rce Ale lAIr 

--
Miltthtw l 'Heureulf 

Rich.od 0>0<, ~ -=-. Woolly SIIIou. Utako Uoda. Si __ 
01"1 Covington. =---=-. N<do Orel'l' 

~M<CIII _~-... 

MicN<l_ -... .... 
_Till _--.... __ 

MikeMartit'ft -... .. DiIIdIf 

""" .... -

--
Chrkty FICIOr. 10 ..... l< 

~_~C't:'"' 
-

r .... Buehi" ClIIIy,-. r ..... 01..., 

The UCSDGu.rrl;In 10 ""_~rd TIIund.lys ~~=",~~~":"hb=~ =.~~~~~~.:nJ',.i::~~ 
UCSO Cu.JiM II not ,.,."sible for" Ntum ot unser 
_ ~ Of'" 1110"" _sed herein 
do not __ ...., .................... 01 !he UCSD 
Guord;"" .. Un...,. 01 c.ItfonoIo ., Associoled 
~':"'~~~IOIe1yby_,-

c...IEciitoriol:~ 
ed-6""'iiMI."'B 

=::~=:==--"Jr ~~:=~,.. ~::===:: 
MvertisinK' 858-534-3466 

adsIiIucsd6wWion.",. 
Fox: 858-534-7691 

C~\ipctl( 
&GUIlT _ITOS & TACOS. 

4i' 
ust I 
ouB11t. TIIIn 

..... 

•• SIIIf 
8sal. 
a ..... 

• 

BUSINESS DN.l1ft 
iPOD 

Jose HUVillcat..,: 
Justin Pearson Wdliarns __ 

Karen Robles Ward 
Magnus Kjaergaard 

Thanks to the 
-'UCSD 

for 

VIllA LA-.LA&_L 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS 3 

Councilmembers Run On 
About Rules, Regulations 

Lack of Full-Time Surgeon ~ed to Deaths 

Perhaps it was the recent rdease wording, and argument over the mere of the candidates for the 2006- idea of fee increases and substitution 07 A.S. elections that con- of "he or she" for the grammatically 
tributed to a . politically charged and incorrect pronoun "they:' 
unruly March I council meeting. Or. "I think this is why some people hate 
perhaps it could have been another A.S.; John Muir CoUege Council Chair 
change of room and a last-minute Neil Spears remarked after he was told 
switch of Eleanor Roosevelt CoUege his amendment would make the resolu-
Senior Senator Ashton lranfar for Vice tion too wordy. "We're arguing about 
President Internal Angela Fomcro. grammar:' 
Whatever the reason. the nearly three- But. the arguing didn't stop dur-
hour meeting was ing council cau-
WTOUght with con- cus. a discussion 
flict . accusation~ N ew on whether or 
and argument not the Student 
over fee referenda. Busi ness 0 rgan i za tions 
communi ty-ser- Funding Advisory 
vice travd funding L' Heu reux Board should be in 
and the potential charge of handling 
creation of another funding requests 
student-run funding board to handle for coUege festivals. 
college festivals. John Muir CoUege Senior Senator 

Earl Warren College sophomore Conrad Ohuhi, a member of SOFAB, 
Eddie Herrera and Warren senior explained that the board is not accus-
Daniel Watts announced during pub- tomed to handling budgets of college 
lic input that they were petitioning festival magnitude. The idea of creating a 
for a fee referendum that would a110- board specifically for these festivals - a 
cate a S3.SO-per-quarter increase for "COFAB" - was proposed. but did not 
the Office of Academic Support and sit well with certain counciImembers. 
Instructional Services program. "Don't fIX something that isn't com-

~ TRANSPLANT, from page 1 
although he kept his full-lime posi-
tion at UCSD and spent much of 
his working time here. 

Statements made by Irvine 
representatives. as well as former 
Irvine Medical Center CEO Ralph 
Cygan. were a large part of the mis-
communication, the report stated. 
Specifically. Cygan authorized 
Hart's personnel forms. which 
indicated that he would be spend-
ing all his professional time at the 
Irvine site. 

However. the Irvine Medical 
Center lacked a full -time liver-
transplant surgeon between August 
2004 and December 200S. which 
forced the program to reject liv-
ers that could have been used for 
patients on the hospital's transplant 

. waiting list. 
More than 30 patients died while 

waiting for new livers. according to 
the San Diego Union -Tribune. 

Hart was booted from his 
administrative post at UCSD ear-
lier this month. but still works as a 
member of the transplant program 
as a full -time surgeon. 

The UC Irvine program con-
tracted Hart and UCSD sur-
geon Ajai Khanna to assist in the 
exchange program. in which VCSD 
surgeons would travel to Irvine 
whenever needed. 

Hart was signed on to serve 40 
to 60 hours a month as an admin-

U representatives 
were not wholly 

accurate in describing 
the surgical coverage .. ?' 

- UC General Counsel 

istrator of the Irvine program. the 
report stated. Contract discussions 
had included housing possibilities 
for the surgeons in Irvine. as well as 
transportation to the hospital. 

While - the Irvine Medical 
Center did not believe the distance 
between the Irvine and San Diego 

sites would have a major impact 
on the surgeons' presence duri ng 
transplants. the extent of required 
duties were not specified during 
contract discussions. 

tJCSD attorney Robert Rose. 
who had represented Hart as of 
last month. told the Union -Tribune 
that the surgeon was trying to con -
solidate the two programs so that 
he could participate full -time. but 
could not execute the plan because 
Irvine would not pay for his reloca-
tion expenses. 

"The university has concluded 
that VCI representatives were not 
whoUy accurate in d~scribing the 
surgical coverage for the VCI liver 
transplant program;' according to a 
UC General Counsel report on the 
UCSD Medical Center. . 

The release of the university's 
report and Hart's removal fol -
lowed Cygan's resignation on Jan. 
3 1. Irvine's transplant program was 
shut down in November under 
pressure from federal regulators. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charles_nguyen@sbcglobal.net. 

"The A.S. has in many instances pleteIy b;'Oken~ said Vice President 
ignored myself and other members of Finarlce Greg Murphy. speaking in his 
the community who have provided cri- opposition to the COFAB. 

Watts Aims to Fix Council 'Corruption' 
tique of their policies; Herrera said. Ultimately. it was decided that 

Wans. on the other hand. claimed the concept of college funding - as 
appreciation for the inclusion of the well as funding of community service 
resolution on the council's agenda. events held off campus - needed to 
seemingly unaware that it had actu- be reviewed further before any policy 
ally been removed from consider- could be changed. 
alion by the submitter. A.S. President Meanwhile, the levd of "side chat-
Christopher Swectm. ter" in the smaller room seemed to 

Although that particular referen- have taken its toU on Iranfar. with 
dum was not introduced atthe meeting, upwards of six cries for "order'" and 
the council did ultimately approve a constant banging of a makeshift gavd 
$9-per-quarter referendum for the A.S. on the table. With the appeals pro-
programming office to be voted on in cess for SOFAB allocations promising 
the upcoming election. Of course. this a very lengthy next meeting, one can 
was the end result - only being passed only pray that the gavel will find its way 
after 20 minutes of confusion about the to Fomero upon her return. 

Saturday, March 4 

9:00am - 5:00pm 

UCSD - Room TBA 

~ CANDIDATES, from page 1 
cifics about his platform. citing 
possible violation of an A.S. elec-
tions bylaw that prohibits early 
campaigning. 

Those restrictions are ludicri-
ous. Watts said. and proceeded to 
answer questions on some general 
council issues. 

"A.S. is full of bureacracy. inef-
ficiency. unfairness and corrup-
tion; he said. "There is a hugely 
restrictive bureacracy at the A.S. 
level. and over my five years at 
UCSD. it's only gotten worse. It's 
hurting the stude.nts." 

Space is limited. Call or go online to register. 
800-2 Review - PrincetonReview.com 

MeAT i •• rqi51eTed t11Idcmart of the AJ~iation of Amcm.n Mcdiul Collep (AAM ). The rrinc:C1On Revtcw Iftd The PrincdOft Review 
loto ~ tndcmub or The Princeton leview. Inc:. Tbc Princeton RevlC'W, Inc. i, not .lfIlia&cd wilh Princeton Univmny. 

The next A.S. president will 
deal with many contentious issues. 
including Student-Run Television. 
which has been shut off since 
November. 

Walls and other SRTV support-
ers have blamed A.S. councilmem-
bers and current A.S. President 
Christopher Sweeten for not being 
active in their approach in reacti-
vating the station's Signal. 

In addition. funding for campus 
entities like the Office of Academic 
Support and Instructional Services. 
which provides tutoring services to 
students. will be a hot topic. 

saturday 

The program has experienced 
recent funding cuts that put its future 
in jeopardy. 

Despite the competition. Walls 
said that Khanna is his personal 
friend and is anticipating a fair 
tight for the office. 

"I expect [Khanna I to run a 
clean campaign. and we've already 
talked about trying to resolve 
bylaw infractions informally with-
out resorting to formal hearings~ 
Wans said. 

Readers can contact MatI L'Heureux 
at m1heureu@ucsd.edu. 

ZATHURA 
TIIis~II~w..sDlMy_"'''''''''' 
~ .......... IIa .... ,.,....,.,.l1M* 
thelia Is. ""'" ............. 'ill 11M ....... tilt .... ·s 
.....Is_ lllifel_. __ ... ftIdt Is -mi •• 
plitt II. ,.,...,.... .... z.thun 5tIrriIIt JIIIIh .... , W 
IIIId.nen .. 011 She,on 

6pm & 9pm • $3 

tueSday 

AEON FLUX 
FlUr hundred y.n from _ , 111_ has wiped 0lIl rho majoriIy 
.1 (erlh's popvIotIon, _lor rho rtsldtnls .1 8"11na, , <iIy-Slote 

~ by • gioAI ",,1I.nd ruled by Kienlkls. A.an Flux is on 
""""' lor rho Monk,n .. ..,Iioft, on underground group led by 
rho Haneller •• ho ""nls Aeon 10 kdl the pernme"I's lead,r. 
Starring (hortilllhtron ,nd Marton CsoklK 

7pm & 10pm • $3 



4 THE~GUARDIAN . 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org OPINION 

Props to New Orleans for not allowing 
natural disasters and inept government 
rescue attempts to diminish the 
pleasures of drunken debauchery. _ 

Flops to Chancellor Marye Anne Fox for 
joking about her husband's new Porsche 

while speaking to United Way reps on 
Feb. 14. Is her middle name ·Clueless·? frP 

EDITORIALS 
Keep the Muzzle Away 
From Campus Media 

L ast week, the Supreme Court declined to review a June ruling by the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals that gave university 
administrators unprecedented pressures and demanding share-
power to censor certain kinds of holders, giving them a unique 
student papers. Though the deci- opportunity to publish work that 
sion applies directly to only thr .. e chaUenges conventions and offers 
Midwestern states, its effects con- valuable social commentary. 
tinue to be felt across the country, As shrinking advertising dol-
including in California. lars squeeze traditional media, 

"[TJhe case appears to signal the college press has a larger 
that CSU campuses may have duty to provide critical over-
more latitude than previously sight of government institutions 
believed to cen- including 
sor the content of public universi -
subsidized student STIFLED SPEECH ties. They will 
newspapers;' the surely have a 
general counsel of • College papers tougher time 
the California State provide a forum for new, . if administra -
University wrote experimental Ideas. But tors have veto 
to the system's perhaps not for long. power over 
chancellor in a content. 
September memo. Universities are often seen 

Because of college papers as marketplaces for new ideas; 
unique commitment to demo- administrators must realize that 
cralic ideals, the decision and coUege media prOvide the cur-
other national examples of rency for these marketplaces. As 
administrative interference with the dissenting judges in the 7th 
press freedom are particularly Circuit ruling correctly argued, 
worrisome. Unlike regular media "restrictions on free speech rights 
companies, student journalists are have no place in the world of col-
largely unrestrained by market lege and graduate school:' 

UC's Band-Aid Solution for 
a Hemorrhaging Problem 
W hen a university administrator mis-leads the UC Board of Regents, what is a good university to do? The correct 
an wer certainly does not involve the president is most competent 
hiring yet another powerful and in setting the academic tone of 
highly paid bureaucrat. the UniverSity, not in running 

But this is exactly what the the UC Office of the President. 
university's top regent has pro- However, the problem seems to 
posed in response to the growing be not with the president's posi-
UC compensation controversy. tion, but with the man currently 
Under the plan offered by Gerry occupying it: IfDynes is failing in 
Parsky, Chairman of the Board his job, the regents should dump 
of Regents, UC President Robert him and find a replacement who 
C. Dynes would lose much of can accomplish both tasks. 
his authority over Parsky should 
the operations of be recognized 
the IO-campus PRESIDENTIAL WOES for his efforts to 
system to a new rethink .the insti-
chief operating • Though the unIwrsIty's tutions governing 
officer. organizations need reform, the university. 

The proposal ~-:~ As this page has 
has many flaws, argued in the 
but the biggest is past, these insti-
that it fails to address the under- tutions need change_ But what the 
lying cause of the problems facing university needs is a staff of ana-
the UC system: The regents lack lysts to provide the regents with 
the necessary information about independent information, even 
the university needed to provide if their efforts may sometimes 
effective oversight. Empowering a duplicate the work of UCOP -
new administrator with as much not an additional executive on a 
opportunity to mislead as Dynes long leash. 
makes little sense. . In the debate over the future 

As Parsky points out, admin- of the univerSity, Parsky has 
istration is not Dynes' strength; offered the first innovative idea. 

THE GUARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 

Vladimir Kogan 
MANAGING EDI TOR 

lallS. Port 
M ANAGING EDITOR 

Grant Schrader 
EDITOR IN CHIEF 

Charles Nguyen 
N EWS EDITOR 

Marianne Madden 
OPINION EDITOR 

The UCSD Guardian Is published Iwice a week at the Univt; rsity of 
Californ ia at San Diego. Contents © 2006. Views expre sed herein represent 
the majori ty vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily tho e of the 

UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the membe rs of the Guardian staff. 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2,2006 _________________ ----

A DROP FROM THE INKWELL By Riley Salant-Ptarce 

Charity for Universities Isn't 
Much Cause for Rejoicing 

Tax incentives for 
charitable donations 
have actually hurt 
programs to help 
low-income students 
pay for college. 

By Vladmir Kogan 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

W hen UCLA announced last week that it had col-lected more than 53 bil-
lion in private donations over the 
past 11 or so years, the university 
saw it as cause for a celebration. The 
country's neediest students, though, 
should have looked at it as more 
than $1 biUion in forgone tax pay-
ments, and all of the social services 
and financial aid that money could 
have funded. 

Even as UCSD claws its own 
way toward privately raising more 
than $1 billion in what the cam-
pus calls its "Imagine What's Next" 
campaign, university students and 
administrators need to stop to con-
sider whether the growing impor-
tance of individual charity actu-
ally makes higher education - and 
society - better off. 

Stanford University political sci-
ence professor Rob Reich makes a 
good case for why it doesn't. 

In the most recent issue of 
Stanford's Social Innovation Review, 
Reich makes a very convincing 
defense for what he sees as "a fail-
ure of philanthropy" - the title of 
his essay. Indeed, he makes clear, 
America's system of charitable giv-
ing does less to help alleviate social 
ills, and more to simply make the 
rich even richer. 

First, some background: In the 
United States, the federal tax code 
encourages donations to nonprofit 
institutions by allowing taxpayers 
to deduct their charity from the 
taxes they owe to the government. 
For example, if a wage earner in 
the highest (35-percent) tax bracket 
makes $1,000,000, $350,000 would 
normally go to the federal govern-
ment. However, if she then donates 
that 51,000,000 to a good cause, the 
wage earner does not need to give 
the government its cut, amounting 
to, in effect, a subSidy on charitable 
giving. 

In 2005 alone, the subsidy cost 
the federal government an esti -

mated $35 billion, or roughly 0.02 
percent of its total revenue, money 
that could have been used to pay 
for essential services for the poor. 
America provides the world's most 
generous tax concessions, according 
to economist Charles Clotfelter, and 
"no other nation grants subsidies at 
such high levels or across so many 
activities," argues economist Burton 
Weisbrod. 

Of course, there would be noth-
ing wrong with the system if chari-
ties, and universities specifically, 
used donations to help their low-
income students. After all, why have 
government bureaucrats dole out 
cash when the nonprofit world can 
do it equally well? The problem, 
though, is that only a small portion 
of private university donations are 

ere 'would be 
nodring wrong with 

the system if charities, 
and universities 
specifically, used 
donations to help 

low-income students. 
The proble~, though, 

is that only a small 
portion of private 

university donations 
are distributed in a 
'need-based' way?' 

distributed in a "need-based" way. 
Though UCLA will use some 

of its new largesse to create 30,000 
scholarships and fellowships, nearly 
$800 million of it will be dedicat-
ed to medical research and patient 
care, according to the Los Angeles 
Times. Even more will go to pay for 
specialized research centers, new 
endowed chairs and professorships 
and the like. 

At UCSD, private money is cur-
rently being spent to construct a 
graduate business s hool, even as 
the rest of the campus faces a dire 
building-maintenance crisis and has 
no money to rebuild the crumbling 

facilities that house its undergradu-
ate classes. 

In the fall, UC President Robert 
C. Dynes argued that the university 
should use some of its private dona-
tions to top off the salaries of the 
university's highest-paid adminis-
trators and staff, who already make 
more than 5350,000 a year. And 
UCSD is, at this moment, using 
money donated to the university to 
pay Chancellor Marye Anne Fox's 
monthly rent of $6,500. 

Indeed, one of the reasons the 
university uses donations to pay 
for these seemingly less worthy 
projects is because the state does 
not see them important enough 
to fund with tax dollars. However, 
because the government cannot 
control what the subsidized tax dol-
lars go toward, UC administrators 
can use private money to pay for 
inefficient programs. Unlike state 
money, which entails accountability 
- including probing audits into the 
university's compensation policies 
- private donations come largely 
without overSight, especially when 
those who donate do so upon their 
death. 

Outside of the University of 
California, things look much the 
same. Because benefactors gener-
ally give to their alma maters, the 
money often goes to universities 
that need it the least. For example, 
the top four universities with the 
largest endowments in 2004 were all 
elite, prestigious schools - Harvard, 
Yale, Princeto'1 and Stanford. Not 
a single campus of the California 
State University, by contrast, was 
among the top 25 schools. 

Combined, the top 10 schools 
(only two of them are public, 
state-supported ones) have endow-
ments worth more than $87 billion. 
Assuming that most of that money 
was raised from private donations 
and with the current tax rates, these 
endowments deprived the federal 
government of more than $30 bil-
lion in tax revenue. That's a lot of 
Pell Grants and subsidized student 
loans. 

Given the terrible financial prob-
lems facing the states. and their pro-
pensity to cut higher education in 
favor of more popular programs like 
prisons, more and more universi-
ties will surely look toward private 
donors for help. That does not bode 
well for the nation's most disadvan-
taged students and campuses. 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Embrace Sucking, Because 
We Can't Excel at Everything 

There are those who celebrate their newfound freedom from parental units by snort-
ing cocaine, skipping church or hav-
ing unprotected sex while swearing 
and snortiJlg cocaine in the bushes 
behind church. Then there are those 
of us who celebrate our indepen-
dence in more subtle ways. Eating 
ice cream for dinner. Leaving the 
house in that. And 

to catch glimpses of the explosive 
decor lingering in my abode. 

Why my lack of care for my 
room's neatness? The whole rebel-
lion thing, of course, and the simple 
fact that it's rare that anyone besides 
me goes in tnere. And when some-
one does, they're either used to the 
mess or vulnerable to my excuses 
"(I don't know why my room is so 

- offspring of ~~~~~~-~---­
dirtyl I think it 
was the cats!"). 
Things would 
change if I had 
a guy to impress 
or a set of par-

neat freaks, you'll 
appreciate this 
one - not clean-
ing one's room. 

My name is 
Marianne. I have 
my own room, 

Madden ents who came 
--------- down to visit me 

and don't give a shit about cleanli-
ness. This is my story. 

It started small. An ever-expand-
ing wardrobe met a finite closet, 
resulting in a small spray of clothes 
on the floor. A few papers were 
stacked up, a few annotated Post-It 
notes soared, a few burned CDs 
were flung. I won't say who commit-
ted these small atrocities. It wasn't 
me. I think it was the gnome that 
lives under my bed. 

Then things escalated. A roll of 
wrapping paper and two pillows 
made their way under the desk -
and they're still there. The top of 
the coffee table-slash-storage unit 
disappeared under papers, folders, 
pens, receipts and a gigantic jewelry 
box. The sheets on the bed started 
resembling Twisty Bread. And the 
small spray of clothes turned into 
a mountain of cotton, rayon, nylon 
and other fabrics ending in -on. 

And vacuuming? Dusting? 
Tidying up the flurries of papers? 
Please. My roommates are lucky if I 
dose my bedroom door when I leave 
the house each day so they don't have 

- but Mr. Right 
is MIA and my parents haven't wit-
nessed the remarkable synergy of my 
I KEA furnishings since I purchased 
them more than a year ago. 

So why should I bother? The dust 
bunnies keep me warm at night, and 
as I used to exasperatedly tell my 
mother when I still lived at home, I 
know where everything is. Really. I 
know my checkbook is behind the 
lamp. I know my sewing kit is in 
one of these drawers somewhere, 
probably nesting with some blank 
CDs. And my textbooks? Yep, totally 
here. J swear I saw them the other 
day. My organization system may be 
unconventional, but it's damn near 
flawless. 

If there is a bigger issue here 
(which I doubt there is, but let's 
humor ourselves), it is: I need a 
housekeeper. No, that's not it. It is: I 
need a hot boyfriend with a wicked 
case of OCD and a lot of time on 
his hands. 

No, no, no. The lesson is that 
it's amazing how inept people can 
be. People Who Have It Together 
(which, yes, includes me) . These 

are people with jobs and a 4.0 and 
toned calves. CEOs who can't leave 
the house without misplacing their 
keys at least twice; loving moth-
ers with terrible phone voices and 
messy table manners; chancellors of 
universities who don't know, or care, . 
what a decent haircut looks like. 

But ya know? That's all peachy 
(and really fun to poke fun at). We 
can't all be perfect. In my case, if 
I appear somewhat competent at 
any point in time, it's a downright 
miracle. 

I declare: It's time we reasserted 
our right to not give a shit about 
being good at certain things. To 
really suck in certain areas. To fight 
for one's right to climb over a three-
foot pile of clothes every morning. 
And if you can kill two birds with 
one stone by disguising, or inter-
preting, Texas-sized ineptitude as 
rebellion - sweet, valorous rebel-
lion! - bless you, child. 

Even the most solicitous over-
achiever simply cannot care about, 
or excel at, everything. Nor should 
they. Seriously, I tried, and I failed 
miserably. "Caring about gett.ing 
rip-roaring drunk" collided with 
"Excelling at school." Then, the next 
morning, "ExceHing at looking fash -
ionable and put-together" conflicted 
with "Being good at throwing up 
all over myself;' with ugly, smelly, 
chunky results. And it forced me 
to be great at running home and 
changing outfits, when frankly I'm 
more gifted at finding the nearest 
comfy chair and drooling all over 
myself when I fall asleep in it. 

I'm not sure where this is going, 
but I'm sure that you understood 
whatever point I was trying to make. 
I just know my room is dirty, my 
shirt is crusted with vomit and 
drool, and I don't care. 

STUDENTS: Whafs On Your Mind? 

Visit: chancellorschat.ucsd.edu 
Where STUDENTS ask the questions and get live, 

personal feedback from UCSO's chancellor 

OPINIONS 

GUEST COMMENTARY--
Muslims Respond to Cartoons 

By Farhad Noorzay 

T he presence of the concept of freedom of speech, which Muslims respect and value, 
and the concept of respecting and 
honoring Prophet Mohammed (Peace 
Be Upon Him) in Islam are often 
misunderstood by the West and the 
Islamic world. Muslims' misunder-
standing of the concept of freedom of 
speech, often due to the poor qUality of 
its practical application, and Western 
civilizations' lack 
of ability to value 

The West should take it as a challenge 
to understand Islam and Muslims just 
as Muslims should take it upon them-
selves to better understand the con-
cept of freedom of speech. 

People here in the West cannot 
comprehend how much Muslims 
love Prophet Mohammed (pbuh). He 
is dearer to us Muslims than our 
parents, than our children, than our 
grandchildren, than our money, than 
our own selves: Ask any Muslim, reli-
gious or not, "What does Prophet 

Mohammed (pbull) 
mean to you?" and 

honoring Prophet 
Mohammed are 
currently causing 
tensions among 
Muslims and non-
Muslims. We ask 
ourselves, how do 
we work together 
to bring about a 
solution and ease 
tension? 

~~~. c values are just 
as important as any 

other religions values; 
therefore, they should 
be dealt with in the 

you will see what I 
mean. Jf the West 
understood thi s, 
what happened 
would never have 
been accepted . 
The West needs 
to understand our 
love for Prophet 
Mohammed (pbuh) 
and respect it and 
all other Islamic 

same manner?' 
It is important 

to understand that 
Muslims do not desire to eliminate 
freedom of speech; instead, we wish 
for the West tn alter this concept, as 
it has been done in other cases, so 
it does not contlict with the Muslim 
value of honoring and respecting our 
beloved prophet (pbuh). Muslims do 
not believe the problem is freedom 
of speech; instead, it is the double 
standard that is often associated with 
this concept. Islamic values are just 
as important as any other religion's 
value ; therefore, they should be dealt 
with in the same manner. How else do 
we wish to live together as neighbors 
and friends, as humans on this Earth 
struggling to make a living based on 
ou r beliefs? 

The West understands freedom of 
speech, which Muslims appreciate, but 
does not understand Islamic values. 

concepts if it truly 
wants to destroy misunderstandings 
between Muslims and non-Muslims. 
Contrary to what many believe, we 
will never force anyone to accept our 
beliefs, but we will firmly ask for 
respect and will take actions to ensure 
we are respected, as would any other 
group of people. 

Again, the message is that freedom 
of speech should be modified so that 
it does not clash with the values of 
over 1.3 billion Muslims - just like it 
has been altered in Austria, Belgium, 
France, Germany, Poland and other 
places, where denying the Holocaust is 
a crime. We see current examples such 
as British Historian David Irving, who 
was sentenced to 3 years in prison in 
Austria for refuting the existence of 

l MUSLIMS, page 6 ] 

How many beds will ·you 
sleep in this summe ? 



6 OPINION THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

STUDY ABROAD ASIA: SUMMER 2006 
June 17 to August 21 

Come explore the captivating and inspiring cultures 
of Hawaii, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Malaysia, 
Singapore, Korea, and Japan. Select from over 40 dynamic 
and relevant courses and earn 9 to 12 semester credits 
from the University of Virginia. 
See your study abroad advisor for assistance with 
tr~nsferring your credits. Financial aid is available. 

Since 1963 more than 40,000 students have journeyed the world with 
Semester at Sea. Visit us at www.semesteratsea.com 
email info@semesteratsea.com or caIlBOO-854-0195. 

THURSDAY. MARCH 2. 2006 

LETTER TO THE EDITOR-
Bookstore Display 

Shocking and Amusing 
Dear Editor: 

1 am by turns appalled and sickly 
amused by UCSD Bookstore's eel· 
ebration of Black History Month. 
The bookstore has several small 
displays celebrating the month (and 
one celebrating "American History 
Month;' whatever that is). Amongst 
the bric·a-brac that students might 
buy to clutter their dorm rooms was 
a display of little ceramic African-
American dolls. 

While in general this may be a 
sign of ethnic pride, 1 was shocked to 
see little, barefoot, faceless African· 
American children in tattered cloth· 
ing eating watermelons. Have we 
entered halcyon days in which this is 

not only no longer considered a racist 
image, but actually a positive one? 

- Marc A. Beherec 
Ph.D. Student 

Department of Anthropology 

• The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. AU letters must be no longer 
than 500 words, typed, double-spaced 
and signed with a ruvne and applicable 
title. Letters must tWo contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edil 
for length and -clarity. Letters l1IQy be 
dropped off at the Guardian office on 
the sea>nd floor of the Student Center 
or e-mailed Send aI/letters to: 

The UCSD GuardiRn 
Opinion Editor 

9500 GUman Dr. 0316 
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

Double Standards Taint 
Claims of Free Speech 

• MUSLIMS, from page 5 
the Holocaust. Also, in 2003 a French 
court jailed Jean Plantin for publish-
ing works that called into question the 
scope of the Holocaust. 

Surprisingly, Flemming Rose, the 
editor who frrst published the car-
toons of Prophet Muhammad (pbuh), 
was sent on indefinite leave one day 
after he told CNN he would con-
sider publishing Holocaust cartoons. 
I do not wish to argue whether there 
is "absolute" free speech or not, but 
I wish to clarify the message: Free 
speech should be altered so that sacred 
Muslim values are respected and not 
attacked. From the examples above we 
see double standards that are unac-
ceptable to MusI.ims and should also 
be unacceptable to any reasonable 
non -Muslim. 

What we want is clear. effective 

actions that display the Western 
respect for Islamic values and ideals. 
such as honoring the prophet (pbuh). 
and we wish to be guaranteed that this 
type of hate will never again be spread 
under the fa lse pretext of "freedom of 
speech:' 

Let me make it clear that we do 
not want superficial apologies that are 
not as deep as our wounds. We want 
effective actions and will not stop our 
protests or boycotts until our prophet 
(pbuh) regains the dignity he deserves 
as our great leader. If you doubt his 
personality or his character, I chaI-
lenge you to learn about him (pbuh), 
and I guarantee you that you will real-
ize why Muslims love and revere this 
great prophet (pbuh). 

Farhad Noorzay is a member oj the 
Muslim Student Association at UCSD. 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 

Exact location Crucial for 
Correct 911 Call Transfer 

• HELP, from page 1 
paramedics. 

"I don't think anyone is ever going 
to know:' Smart said. 

Mary Garcia, the manager of the 
UCSD Police Department's division of 
records and communications, said that, 
ideally. 534-HELP should be dialed in 
anyon-campus emergency. However, 
students should always use 911 if they 
are uncertain of what to do, because 
the call will eventually be forwarded to 
campus police, she said. 

"If a student uses 911 from a cell 
phone, it's very important for that stu-
dent to say exactly where they are on 
the UCSD campus in order for the 
dispatcher to correctly relay the call; 
Garcia said. 

However, that was not the case dur-
ing the initial call, the witness said. 

The witness, whose cell phone area 
code is 858 - a San Diego county area 
code that connects an emergency call 
to a local CHP office - said that the 
91 1 dispatcher asked for her location 
several times, and that the dispatcher 
had to call back again a short time 
later to reconfirm the location. The 
witness also said that the dispatcher 
gave no mention of 534-HELP during 
either call. 

"It didn't seem like they had good 

connections;' the witness said. "I kept 
saying where [ was again and again. 
and 1 was practically screaming at the 
dispatcher. It was ridiculous:' 

Orientation programs for new stu-
dents and staff and resident -adviser 
training materials contain information 
advocating the use of 534-HELP for 
on-campus emergencies in order to 
get a faster response, according to Vice 
Chancellor of Student Life Joseph W. 
Watson. 

Despite Watson's insistence that the 
university encourages students to use 
534-HELP, the keychain with emer-
gency contact phone numbers given 
to new on-campus residents suggests 
534-HELP for nonemergency use only, 
and the magnet provided by UCSD 
Housing and Dining Services for the 
same purpose states, "Dial 911; with 
no reference at all to the 534-HELP 
number. 

Sixth College resident adviser 
Maria Sanchez. a John Muir College 
junior, said that her training requires 
her to mention 534-HELP to residents, 
but beyond mentioning the number, 
RAs are only required to post the num-
ber on the residential bulletin board. 

Readers can contact Matthew McArdle 
at man.mcardle@gmaiJ.com. 

Top Administrators' Salaries 
Getting Largest Increases 

" ADMIN, from page 1 
some sort of increase," Perez . stated 
in an e-mail. 

Perez said that , while unions 
were fighting for higher wages, 
the University of California gave 
its administrators salary bonuses. 
CUPA-HR's survey found that the 
largest hikes in sala ry belonged 
to top campus and university-sys-
tem leaders, with those executives 
receiying a 3.9 percent median wage 
increase. 

The universily has disputed 
claims that its administrators are 
overpaid, and presented an inde-
pendent study released last year -
which revealed top UC executives 
were 15 percent behind comparable 
market salaries - to state senators 
during a higher education subcom-
mittee hearing. Senators, however, 

remained skeptical of the universi-
ty's report. 

"This compensation practice is 
really kind of loosey-goosey," state 
Sen. Jack Scott (D- Pasadena) said. 
"We have people getting paid for 
their sabbaticals and their board 
seats. After a while, we hear about 
a salary but that isn't really the full 
thing:' 

The report spurred the UC Board 
of Regents to approve a measure last 
November that would bring all sala-
ries within comparable market levels 
in a decade. 

While CUPA-HR did not catego-
rize its findings by state, UCSD was 
one of six UC schools included in 
the survey. 

Readers can contact Charles Nguyen 
at charLes_nguyen@sbcglobaJ.net. 

UCSD DInmport T ........... tI 
1ht 1 1 til AnN.IaI BIIIrooftt DIne. CotnpttitiOft 

V~ -
by&Shore1l 

Saturday March 4,2006 
All day 

Futurlng • spec •• 
fYtnlng perfo""lnct by 

World Class Latin Dancers 
Eugene Katsevman 

and 
Mara. Manusovi 

THE UCSD GUARDI .... N NEWS 7 

o...IA.&4 

~~ '·1 DEL MAR' 10 min. I from UCSD MATSUGAWA I 
I 15% DISCOUNT 50% DISCOUNT on I 

with student 10. Discounts on all Sat. Lunch Specials 
sushi rolls and lunch combos 

Come and enjoy the sunset at the Matsugawa! 
1101 Camino Del Mar, Del Mar, CA 92014 ..... 720.1140 

www.fug .... tln ... com BEAUX GENS 
- ... ... 
FlU fI '-OW BY ANTONELLA ."' Now MOVED INSIDE Beauty Kliniek 

OFFER ING THE SAME SPECIAL PRICES IN : 

Haircut, Highlights, Color, Up-cIo • Perm 
for UCSD students, teachers a staff 

3268 GOVERNOR DR . SAN 0 1 EGO 92 I 22 858-453-6212 

MiraCosta College Letters Department and 
Friends of the Library present an evening with 

California's new Poet Laureate 

AIYouna 
Room 204. San El ijo Campus 

3333 Manchester Ave., Cardiff 
Frid.y •• Ireh 3 • 7:30 p.m. 

Adlli.ion il Ire, 

California's new Poet Laureate. AI Young is also known for his novels. essays. 
screenplays. and editing. He has won many of the literary world's most prestigious 
awards and fellowships. including the Wallace Stegner. Guggenheim. PEN-Library of 
Congress, Fulbright, National Endowment for the Arts. Pushcart, and two American 
Book awards. As a screenwriter, he has written scripts for such luminaries as Sidney 
Poitier, Bill Cosby. and thelale Richard Pryor. In 2002 Mr. Young won the American Book 
Award for The Sound of Dreams Remembered: Poems 1990-2000. Join this celebrated 
American writer at MiraCosta Col/ege. San Elijo Campus, for a memorable evening of 
poetry and prose . 

A book signing opportunity will follow Mr. Youngs 7:30 presentation. 

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 2006 
7:00 PM ~ PRICE CENTER THEATER 
UCSD BOX OFFICE 

_ .... _ssw 
-...w. ... . 
. .......,"' ........ ~ 



8 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Cody B. Nabours 
hiatus@ucsdguardia'l.org hiatus 

a rts/ente rta i n ment 

~ THE BEST SONGS nnn IN HIATUS U;';' THIS WEEK d;"";nta UU~" 
• Hustl. and Flow" Soundtrack 
• ' Irs Hard Out Here For A Pimp" 
• "Pussy Niggaz" =---------------_______ THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 _____________________ _ 

anti 
WORST PICTURE 

Hiatus tips its hat to the 
overlooked films of the past year -
and singles out the cream of the crap 

war of the · Steven Spielberg is the headless horseman at the helm of the American big-budget film industry, his technical ability to tell stories allowing him to gallop at the head of the pack despite the billing of many blockbust-
ers that have no discernable worth to them. His adap-
tation of H.G. Wells' ·War of the Worlds" is a most 
ignominious example of this. 

it's repulsive. Aliens killing innocent Americans? 
Bastard aliens! Kill, kill, kill, protect, protect, pro-
tect! 

Wake up, Spielberg - to the "inferior races" of 
today that H.G. Wells would reference, America 
is the bad guy. (Gasp!) The aliens - the blood -
sucking, resource-squandering creatures of vast 
technological superiority, the powerful and mor-
ally bankrupt force Wells was alluding to - are us. 
Not the fledgling branches of militant groups who 
strap dynamite to their chests and hide in· desert 
caves. Nope, it's the Imperial nation whose financial 
domination. proliferation of nuclear and chemical 
weapons, absolute moral high ground and cultural 
ascendancy constitute a stranglehold on the world. 
We wiped out the American Indians, we dropped 
the atomic bomb on Japan, we induce slave labor 
on Third World children, we depose 'i:-'" 
elected leaders overseas to maintaia oar ...... 
cal position, and we bomb the shit out coUlllries 
that we pilfer for valuable oil - all in the lI8IIle of 
"bringing them democrICY." 

me and you -
and everyone 
we know 
»<>« 

worlds 
By Oakley Anduson-Moore 

SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

"War of the Worlds" is not abysmal because of its 
inconsistent plot, its emotional vacuity, Tom Cruise 
or its shamefully last-minute voice-over by Morgan 
Freeman. Sadly, plenty of films made for millions of 
dollars (in this case $132 million) are just as shitty. 
This particular film earns the title of worst film of 
2005 because it is arrogant, ignorant and, ultimately, 
very indicative of Spielberg's detrimentally foolish 
view of America. 

To understand why, one should look at the origi-
nal H.G. Wells novel that was supposedly being 
adapted. Wells' pivotal sci-fi was about a dying 
breed of accomplished aliens who must leave Mars 
to find a new home, come to Earth, and use their 
ridiculously advanced technological status to clear 
out the pesky humans who aJnMy live there. In the 
first chapter, he alludes to the cwetIIl metaphor, "And 
before we judge them [the aIieoaJ too harshly, we 
must remember what ruthlaa and utter destruction 
our own species has wcouBht. not 0DIy upon animala 
... but upon its own inferior nca.- The book clearty 
addresses European ................... out at what 
Westerners proudly law U 1DCIIIII...,.....cr - what 
Wells would arpe WU IIIeftly • temporary tedmo-
logical auperiori. 

.Jadeed. dIrDa .. ,.., ripe tor a ..... of 
n ... I, ftll* Sid.", JIb 

DrfNew1ilct. ne .. _Wdecl~" 
CMr America'" ..... __ for the ,.fIct 
...... to poIIDCIe. aM ...,. .. do - .....,.. 
.. ddea ...... ha-. Wood. The ...."... 
"tiaMIIDeII" ofddt ftIm .... thea ......... or foIIr 
IIICW'II" tIiNctly fioaa Sept. 11 - pqIe COM.'ed ia 
..,powder (Dot r... die CX)IIaped towen, dda time 
fmm pulverlled bocIia) ......... of "miIIriaa'" met 
.....,.,.. ....... .,.... 

t1tfortwIateIy. SpWbaJ .. an abIoIate IIIOI'OIl, 
and aUIpicWIy thouPt tIte ...,.., would be bat 
tul4 ... thouah .... WIft met8phon tor ter-
IOIlrP. ........ die ..., IDcipicat idea that 

~ ... ~ of IIIIIIIfieIt aoodnetl III 
CIOMrut to II:IrD!t __ force 01 mI. The fUm 10 per-
fIedr .... - ... ~ A.-..~ 

BEST CASE FOR PEDOPHILIA 

Wait, Wella .. ..,... . .. wbett As an audience 
mem~ ,.. clido't ·1hiak .oout the JIobal role· of 
America while WIIChiIt tbil 8Iat ~ woalcIn't 
~ lIlY idel dull " _ .... ~IU-Ioviat 
AlMric ......... evil ~ ... tfae fUm CG!IP-
_Iy ..... the whole poiat.ef &he original __ 
fur the ... 01. moroak: horror picbJa sto~ 

WfIve trown pmty used ., '-ring Sept. 11 
alluded tID by I"ftIIIIDCIIt ofBdlla (tM day beae ... 
opeIIiJII of thII film. Presidelll .... pve • JO.JIda-
... .-h wbae he name dJopped it ax tIJne4i.~ 
• .. pnlitk .... UIe It u a ... of ~ die 

~ .. l~~~~~~·~H*... ~ SF ......... hII &1m to mobilize III audience f1i 
.. to p.1aiaa IIIOIIC)' and popular suppa - WIIIt. 

~ .. -...... 
, tbi8 the 111m haa fo,und • pI.ce in ~ 

Spielberg .... • the premiere (lil Tokyo). so.. 
SUR. PIeray ~ degradins thiap And • pIKe 10 
IOdety - llpanese internment CIIIIps. Abu GhraIb. 
Go ............ Bay - as embar ..... ma IDcIk:atDn f1i 
IOCIal tmIda, IDd "War oftbe Wortda" wUI ft.~ ." 
beaae 0IIe. Audiences are IIDII'ter tIlan Spielbers 
tbiakI. met the pneral dilalrllfMare widl this film 
wiD oaedaybe &It. It may. ilia whiJe, but at_ 
poJat aadicaca won't ..... fOr IIutIIow UIe of Sept. 

lUm~ry. nor will.". be to IUlUptible to rich 
~ wbo would .... it tID buttreSi .. elJllllr 
.etVwJirt ....... 

harry potter and the goblet of fire 

A dmitit: thehottest Mud-blood this side of Hogwarts 
is Hermione Granger. No 
matter how you justify 
it (both Hermione and 
actress Emma Watson 
are 16-year-olds), who 
cares that she's jailbait? 
This sorceress prodigy 
can easily cast a spell on 
my heart. FuCk that, I 
just want her to say "win-
gardium leviosa" and let 
me have my way with her. 

That auburn hair. That 
brilliant mind That snappy 

wit. That schoolgirl outfit. 
It just gets better and better 

every year the fiery redhead 
spends at Hogwarts. Imagine 

how ripe she'll be by the seventh, 
yet-to-be-named novel. 

Or if you've caught the yellow 
fever, and an older type is your taste, 

you could always go for the Asian-by-
way-of-Scotland cutie Cho Chang. Since 

Cedric's out of the picture, she's sure to be in 
need of some tender lovin' comfort. Either way, 

guys and gals, remember: age ain't nothing but a 
number. 

- Charles Nguyen 
SEN IOR STAFF WRITER 

A t the risk of being black-listed as a potential Roman Polanski, I write this ode to 
the wonders of puberty ... and to 
Daniel Radcliffe in "Harry Potter 
and the Goblet of Fire." There's no 
denying the 17-year-old's allure, 
especially when his supple and 
lithe young body is showcased in 
a steaming bath, albeit with an 
unattractive female ghost Sitting 
in his lap. (That scene is almost 
worth the day or two I spent digi-
tally superimposing my face onto 
hers.) Whether he's waving his 
wand or flying through the air 
with a Firebolt between his legs, 
Radcliffe always manages to turn 
me into a Moaning Myrtle. Is it 
his innocence? The tousled brown 
hair on his furrowed brow? His 
heroics? His angst? Whatever it 
is, there is only one thing on my 
mind after watching that movie, 
and it's definitely not his pink, 
throbbing, veiny ... scar. For those 
of you wary of underage fun, 
there's always the dashing Cedric 
Diggory - he can perform a "pet-
rificus totalus" and go to work on 
me any day. 

- Vtallo Veda 
CONTRIBUTINC WRITER 

. THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 

DEATH SCENE WE WI~H WERE REAL 

house of wax 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

That'. Hottt: Paris 'cum hither' 
Hilton gets hers in "House of War.' 

HIATUS 9 

There are only two things that Paris Hilton is good for on screen, and act-
ing isn't one of them. The first 
is explicit, candid sex - the 
gripping subject of " I Night in 

Paris~ a worthy treat for those 
interested in watching skinny, 
trampy celebrity blondes get-
ting it on (come on, there's no 
shame in that). For the rest of 
us, too put-off by the cock hol-
ster to even enjoy watching her 

fuck some guy, "House of Wax" 
produces the next best thing: 
the gruesome death of Paris 
Hilton. Hilton meets her filinic 
demise in exactly the same way 
she lived: on her knees, with a 
pole rammed through her face. 
Sadly, "Wax" is one of the worst 
reels ever to be shat into a film 
can, lacking camp enough to be 
even a hilariously bad movie. 
Every minute is absolute tor-
ture, save that instant of pen-

etration - where for one sweet 
moment, someone shuts that 
bitch the hell up. ~----------------------------~ 8"ce , -c:::.. 

B EST (HOMOPHOBIC) ONE-LINERS 
40-year-old virgin 

YoU know how I know you're gay? Let me count the ways. On second 
thought, let's let David (Paul 
Rudd) and Cal (Seth Regen) 
from "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" 
count the ways, because it will 
be fucking hilarious. 

According to the comic 
geniuses in the video-game 
controller chairs, one is gay 
when one macrames oneself 
a pair of jean shorts, when 
one likes Coldplay or "Maid 
in Manhattan;' and when one 
makes spinach dip in a loaf of 
sourdough bread. Cal knows 
David is gay because only gay 
people know who other gay 

WORST H A IR 

brokeback mountain 

people are, and David knows 
Cal is gay because he has a rain -
bow bumper sticker on his car 
that says "( Love it When Balls 
Are In My Face:' They even join 
forces near the end of the glori-
ously gay marathon to tell Andy 
(Steve Carell) that they know 
he's gay because he likes Asia 
-"I mean seriously, Asia? You 
framed an Asia poster? How 
hard did the people at the frame 
store laugh when you brought 
th o • 1" IS m. 

Just when everyone thought 
"Wedding Crashers" was going 
to be the funniest movie of 
2005, along came Steve Carell 
and his gang of homophobes to 

11' -
, . 

> ~ .... ' . , . .. , 
COURTESY OF PARAMOUNT 

BroItatadteMountain:J. Gyllsporrssome 
suspicious looking whislcers in ·BroIreback.· 

HOW do you compensate for the most anti-climactic sex scene in one of the most hyped films 
of the year? Throw in the girl from 
"The Princess Diaries" and make her 
take her top off after being on screen 
for all of 10 seconds. But the glory of 
Anne Hathaway's gorgeous rack quick-
ly fades as the "Brokeback Mountain" 
makeup tearn employs the least con-
vincing aging techniques ever used. 
Each time Ang Lee wants to sbow 
the passage of time, Hathaway's hair 
grows several shades lighter and inches 
higher - though the hair changes are 
less successful at alerting the audience 
to the passage of decades and more 
likely to invoke thoughts like, "Damn, 
that girl looks bad as a blonde." 

- Cody 8. Nabours 
HIATUS EDITOR 

show Owen and Vince how it's 
really done. It's hard to choose 
just one part of "The 40-Year-
Old Virgin" to credit - from 
horny manager Paula's re-enact-
ment of her deflowering via 
Guatemalan gardener to Andy's 
faceful of regurgitated shellfish 
in an attempt to finally score, 
hilarity reaches new heights 
in virginland. But the movie's 
truly award-worthy philoso-
phies are delivered over a feisty, 
torso-gouging game of "Mortal 
Kombat:' never to be forgotten 
in the world of (homophobic) 
one-liners. 

- Simone Wilson 
STAFF WRITER 

FI.Dle BrOiler ~ 
Alwap Good...AIwa,. Gaaraateed! .-' 

SJOOoll ~~~:~ 
Expires 4/2/06 

NO MSG • NO BONE • NO SKIN NO FRYING 

La Jolla ViUage Center (next to Rubio's) (ISS) S8'7"". 
~----------------------------~ 

Even worse than peroxide and 
volume-booster is the mustache 
tacked on to Jack Twist (gayest name 
ever) to show his progressing age. 
But rather ·than thinking, "Oh, he 
looks old~r now," my first response 
was, "What, now that he's gay he has 
to have a mustache?!" i wish I.Gyll 
didn't know how to quit his razor. 
Jack Nasty indeed! 

........... ~ 
_ ..... AMIftII .. ·NISSAN 

About .... "...,... ............... wW 

- Lindsay Criswtll 
CONTRIBUTINC WRITER 

WORST MUSICIAN 
IN A MOVIE 

50 cent 

W hat? You got shot? Nine rimes? Sounds like a ludi-crous premise for a film, but 
Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson is all about 
ludicrous. Fitty's 117-minute mastur-
bation session is G-Unit's version of 
mentor Eminem's u8-Mile," but with-
out the gritty and natural presence of 
Marshall Mathers, Kim Basinger and 
Brittany Murphy. "Get Rich or Die 
Tryin- is a tour of forced acting head-
lined by a rapper with a bloated head. 
Fitty, getting plugged doesn't make 
you hardcore; you'll need to die first 
(see Thpac and Notorious B.I.G.). So 
please, die already. 

- Charln Nguym 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

The futIn of IhI pIIInet IiIIIn the hendt of t.IIntId 8M ". ........ who wi! becamllIrang 8dv«.t •• for 
the erwtronmert. The Nlllln-WWF En\1tOlllllllai L.MdIIIhIp ProgI_" p'oWMI tamomM't"" witt .. 
oppcwUIIy to lin mort IboUt the moet .,. •• lIng __ fIcIIng .. ___ arMDlIInIM~; CO .... witt. 
........ ~ ...... Ind ....,. '-detI; ., .ul" ........... ; IfId to buId • fIIIWofIl 01.,... from 
nund .. oocny. 

........... L •• ~ •• 11", £ ••• 
FIINn.,..".. ......... 1Ie CIhCIIen to ........ /n 
.. PR'SJIIm, ...,., wi Include: 

• A .,000 c:lIItIpn., 
• ,.....,., In ............ L •••• II. 

..,..../n WIJH8 ..... O.c. "'-1441 
• A .................... Mtaa CJ 1 '. 

Ii 'IIII _Nlnl ••• PIli.,.,,.. ,.....1-14 

... ..F.II,'" 
For ...... ' ............ .. 

.,..Il.n ............ t&t. 

ellar •• , 



10 HIATU 

BEST HYPE MORE THAN A YEAR IN ADVANCE 

sna kes on a plane 

For everyone that hasn't heard the news, Hollywood is just playing jokes on us now. "Snakes on a 
Plane,' an action fUm coming to the· 
aters in late 2006, features Samuel L. 
jackson, who signed on as soon as 
he heard the title. It was changed to 
a more focus·group friendly "Pacific 
Air Flight 121 ; but Jackson made the 
studio change it back. He argued that 
from the title alone, you knew wheth· 
er or not you wanted to see it. The 
premise is no more than the title and 
top billing: Snakes are released on a 
plane, and there's no one but Samuel 
L. jackson (and Kenan "Good Burger" 
Thompson) to stop them. Droves of 

BEST SEX SCENE 

history of violence 

Rarely does Hollywood get a sex scene right. They're either too weird ("Blue Velvet"), too 
long ("Munich") or not long enough 
("Thelma and' Louise"). But most the 
time they are just blatantly gratu· 
itous. That is not the case with David 
Cronenberg' "A History of Violence:' 

Internet madmen, proving Jackson's 
argument correct, have embraced the 
simple, unadulterated awesomeness of 
"Snakes on a Plane:' inspiring at least 
two T·shirts, a slang phrase ("snakes on 
a plane" is the new "shit happens") and 
hundreds of promises to camp out for 
tickets come Whacking Day. Ifit's good 
enough for Samuel L. to sign up based 
only on the title, it's good enough for 
the rest of us. I'm just looking forward 
to the revelation of the terrorist's evil 
plot to finally hear Samuel 1. Jackson 
say, "We got mothafuckin' snakes on 
this mothafuckin' plane'" 

- Cody B. Nabours 
HIATUS EDITOR 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

BEST MOVIE TO NAP TO 

last days 

Maybe you went in with the best of intentions. You hear Gus Van Sant is an artiste. These are the last days of Kurt Cobain (vaguely veiled). 
So you can't miss this. It's got to be a boundary. shaking, 
existential masterpiece to decipher smugly for hours 
afterwards! Well, sure - in theory. But oh, what a glori· 
ous nap it was. Maybe it's because Van Sant's subjects 
have slightly predictable endings - Cobain; Columbine 
in "Elephant" ... ? No, no, that's not it. Oh, wait. I'm 
faintly starting to remember ... Cut to scene. EXT. 
HOUSE · DAY. An open window reveals an empty room 
with blank walls. A young man with stringy, peroxide· 
blonde hair hiding his face passes by the window for a 
split second. A few minutes later, he does it again. Repeat 
ad infinitum. Cut to: INT. HOUSE - DAY. A smaU tele· 

MOST REPETITIVEc STORYLINEc 

walk the line 

Ready, Mr. Big Shot Hollywood producer? I've got a great script I want to sell you. It 's about a really famous musician, but here's the neat little 
catch: It's not based on any particular one. We just pick 
whatever dead musician we want, and trim and hem 
the script a bit to fit their life. Then comes the best 
part - when the film's really just about their drawn· 
out drug abuse saga and cheating on the wife back 
home with a groupie or leaving her for a collaborator, 
you pick the name of one of their famous songs that 
perfectly describes how b'Oring the plot is, and you call 
the movie that." 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 

vision set is turned to a music video, sound olaring. A 
title appears to reveal that these inspired musicians are 
Boyz II Men, just as you feared . The camera stays still on 
the TV screen as the video plays out. An entiTe Boyz II 
Men video. And I'm talking romantic slow here. Singer's 
arms spread out to embrace the love. The works. Now 
it's all coming back: watching the exterior of the house 
some more ... watching the back of "Blake" aka Kurt 
as he stumbles through the forest for hours, mumbling 
unintelligibly ... watching him slump to the floor in 
slow motion ... Van San! wanted to jar us, poor thing. 
Instead, the whole nonevent was worthy of a prescrip· 
tion. Sweet dreams! 

- Gael/e Faure 
ASSOCIATE HIATUS EDITOR 

So reads the modern musician biopic formula after 
"Walk the Line:' At least "Ray" delved into its subject's 
actual musical career - when it's not worshipping the 
Folsom Prison recording and Johnny Cash's music, the 
country singer's biopic shifts between two soon· tired 
storylines: Cash's junkie.grade pill habit, and his obses· 
sive love for June Carter. Spice this up with a few clips 
of Cash's wife moping, and we're still weU within our 
friend 's wonderful little formula. Only problem is, it 
didn't produce a good movie. 

-Ian S. Port 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

[n the film , there are two explicit 
and emotionally wrenching sex scenes 
with Tom Stall (Viggo Mortensen) 
and his wife Edie (Maria B.eUo.) The 
first scene is weet: Edie, being the 
good missus, spices up her marriage by 
seducing her husband wearing a cheer· 
leading uniform. But the second love 
scene is one of the most memorable 
to come out of HoUywood in years. [t 
occurs later after Edie discovers that 
her gentle husband of 20 years has an 
expert ability to kill people. Although 

Edie claims to be horrified by her hus· 
band's violent ide, their tryst reveals 
otherwise. In the scene, tall grabs 
his beloved wife by the neck, forces 
himself on her, but then turns away 
disgusted by his own brutal behavior. 
But instead of pushing him off her, 
Edie grabs him, embraces him, and 
the two engage in rough.and. tumble 
no· holds· barred sex, on a staircase no 
less. The scene is poignant, disturb· 
ing and really hot. For as graphic as 
both scene are (yes, there's plenty of 
nudity and thrusting shown) probably 
most surprising of all is that the two 
characters on screen gelti ng hot and 
heavy are a long· time married couple. 
Who said HOUywood doesn't promote 
family val ues? 

THE 'ARE YOU GONNA TALK LIKE THAT THE WHOLE TIME ? AWARD 

- Christine Clarh 
ASSOCIATE HIATUS EDITOR 

MORE ANTI-OSCARS ONLINE 
Most' Awkwilrd' Co~pi~':' NA'OM'I' WATTS' &' Ai)RiE'N' BRODy .. ··· .. ··· .. · .. ·· 
Most Likely to be the Next Governor of California: VIN DIESEL 
Best Gay Sex Scene: MY SUMMER OF LOVE • 
Pornographic Film Titles Www.ucsdguard1an.Org 

capote . 

Capote" was easily one of the most captivating films of the year, incorporating many issues other Oscar· nominated pics spent their entire 
two hours exploring less interestingly. The racial ten· 
sions between murderer Perry Smith and investigator 
Alvin Dewey made the racial conflict in "Crash" seem 
piecemeal and trite. 

Truman Capote's homosexuality served more as a 
subtle backdrop for exploring his character than them 
queers in "Brokeback Mountain:' who beat the agony 
of their repressed sexuality into your skulls (or Jake 
Gyllenhaal's ... too tasteless?). And as a biopic, the 
plot is a hell of a lot more interesting than "Walk the 
Line." 

The only problem with making a biographical 
movie about Truman Capote is that it has to feature 
an impersonation of Truman Capote. All the Academy 
members who will vote to give Philip Seymour 
Hoffman the award for Best Actor would be lying if 
they said they didn't cringe a bit when they realized 
that Hoffman would, in fact, talk like that through the 
entire film. Think of the thinnest, Iispiest voice you 
can imagine, then imagine Richard Simmons speak· 
ing with it after being kicked in the baUs, and Capote's 
voice is still more obnoxious. Yet still somehow less 
annoying than Matt Dillon. 

- Lindsay Criswell 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

UCID .... 11UDBfT~.-rI 

BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE TOKYO APRIL 18 CO ...... 

(IIifl.~IJ§iIW4;u[·rmImm .A!i 
~~§ijCJffiIire-
~~~3.~~ 

~Cillm]f5JCOOlID1i!i] 
lJ1Al=t 3£1 D ~ I biillmY 

UCID NIKKEI STUDBn' UNION c-> 124-7t17 WWW,UC.I.U COM 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

recordingsQ-----------
UHustle and Flow" Soundtrack 
• Various Artists 
ATlANTIC 

***-j 
There's no reason to beat around the bush: 

Sound tracks to hip· hop movies generally suck. 
It seems that most tracks are album throwaways, 
and continuity is harder to find than S·spots on 
campus. lohn Singleton, however, has compiled 
an impressive lineup for the soundtrack to his 
Oscar· nominated "Hustle & Flow:' 

The soundtrack stays true to the movie's 
Southern roots, showcasing some of the Dirty's 
finest, including T.!., Juvenile, Mike jones, 
Webbie, Lil' Scrappy, SBall & MJG, with pro· 
duction from Lil' Jon and Al Kapone, among 
others. The soundtrack follows the typical crunk 
formula that has seen so much success in recent 
years: hard bass, sharp snares, whistle samples, 
racing hi ·hats and shrill synth topped with that 
smooth southern drawl. The consistency of the 
production creates a cohesive album, though it 
gets monotonous when less· talented MCs such 

as Chopper and TrillviUe step to the plate. 
The real surprise of the album is the same 

surprise this writer got upon seeing the movie: 
that Terrence Howard, portraying protagonist 
Djay, can actually rap. Or, at least, he can act 
like he can rap - convincingly enough to earn 
an Oscar nomination for Best Actor. Djay waxes 
philosophical while staying street on "It's Hard 
Out Here For A Pimp" (nominated for Best 
Original Song), and lays his mack· hand down 
on "Whoop That Trick:' either of which could 
successfully stand .alone. 

This is a necessary addition to the collection 
of any Southern rap fan, and its star·studded 
roster and adherence to the flavor of the film 
make this soundtrack one of the best in recent 
memory. 

- Adam Staley 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

The Distance From Here 
by Neil LaBute 

Directed by Walt Jones 
in 157 Galbraith Th.eatre 
Tues. Feb. 28 - Fri. Mar. 3 at 8pm 
Sat. Mar. 4 at 2pm and 8pm 
$5 General Admission • $4 Student 
Box OffIce: 858.534.4574 • http://theatre.uced.edu 

HIATUS 11 



12 CLASSIFIEDS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Chance to Win $150. Many Identities. 
One Community Essay Contest. Human 
Relations Awareness Week 2006. www. 
sohr.ucsd.edu for info. (3/13) 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

~ THE~IAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD GuordiDn reserves the right to classify. edit. delete offensive WOlds and pM .... s. 
and/or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notlflcatlon. The Advertiser WIll not 
hold the Guardian liable for any claims resulting from the publkatlon of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 
Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected In the next 

Classified LI N E 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 ..... 20 ..... 
Faculty & Staff: $7.50 ..... 20 ..... 

All others: $ 11 per 20 ..... 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

Rosarito Spring Break ultimate vacation 
packages start @ 59. Party schedule-
hotel accommodations- Free Food-
concerts-Laguna Beach cast members-
www.mexicospringbreak.coml -B8B-
295-9669. (312) 

regular Issue . • 11 errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be $20.00 per column inch 
given for the Incorrect portion of the advertisement. There .re no refunds for cancellations. Deadlnes: 
........ MIId.1I c ........... nd.nce ......... C .. uIfIecI. to: Pub. Oat. OIspIov Ads Line Ads 

EMPLOYMENT 
UCSD G~. Attn: CIusIfIecIs. 9500 GiImM Drfye 110'," u JoN.. CA 9209'. - . . ..... - I wII ...... MOIl I wII 
Act ... 1 toc.tion: StuclentC ..... ,A, Room 217. n.n. ...... TH lw11 ...... TH I wi! 

A+SUBS 
email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$725_51050 hou,., 
Call Jacki 

(858)565-2144 
Summer DIY Clmps- L.A. Ar ... 
Swimming. horses. sports. arts and 
crafts. beaches. ropes courses and much 
more www.daycampjobs.com. (5/30) 

Rewarding Summer Jobs- L.A. Area. 
Gain valuable experience while working 
with children in a variety of fun settings 
www.daycampjobs.com. (5130) 

Vlltt Plrking Atttndant/Blliman 
S 1 0.25/Hr!!! Looking for service oriented 
profeSSionals to fill full time valet/bell-
man position at lUXUry condo tower 
in UTC area. Must have flexible hours. 
Send resume to Imiller@ultlmatehps. 
com or call 858-558-4601. (3/6) 

ATIENTION FUTURE TEACHERS: Teach 
fun science classes for elementary age 
students weekday afternoons. $20-$30 
per one hour class. Apply online www. 
madsclencesd.org/sandiegQ (3/2) 

Summer Day Camp. The University of 
Northern Iowa has positions available 
with youth service organizations with-

in the United State in the North~st. supervising teens. To receive informa-
Southwest. Midwest and Southeast tion or apply. please visit our website: 
regions including; Florida. Washington www.summerfun.com. or 800-645-6611 
and others. These positions start in (3/16) 
late May and early June 2006. College 
coursework In education or youth devel-
opment and experience with children or 
youth Is required. Airfare & housing are 
paid as well as a living stipend. You will 
receive 12 hrs of college credit (gradu-
ate or undergraduate). Make a differ-
ence! College of Education. School of 
Health, Physical Education and Leisure 
Service. Call Jennifer Kennedy 319-273-
7821 or jennifer.kennedy@uni.edu for 
more information. (3/6) 

Swim Instructors $11 -17 per hour. San 
Diego 858-273-7946. North County 760-
744-7946. (3/16) 

Gymnastics instructors wanted - Solana 
Beach, elementary-aged children. Pays 
$B-1 4/hr., experience/productivity/per-
sonality matter. Hours available Mon.-
Thurs. afternoons. Sat. mornings. 858-

Appointment Setter / bec. Assist. 
Entertainment service Industry 
Company. $10 hr + bonus DOE 1-BOo-
790-8890. apply daily 11 -7pm 3333 
Midway Dr . • 206 SD (sports arena area) 
no calls (3/2) 

HELP WANTED: Gymnastics instructors 
needed. Must be great with kids. ath-

481-4966 or www.trcgymnastics.comletic and energetic. Please call Rock'N 
(4/20) . Tumble 858-487-7799 (312) 

SumrnerCounstiorsWanttd:Counselors CASHIER full/part time positions avail-
needed for our student travel and pre- able looking for friendly honest individu-
coll~e enrichment programs, middle als 1 O/hr. email teddy at hipcat1977@aol. 
school enrichment. and college admls- com (3/2) 
slons prep. Applicants must be 21 -----------
years old by June 20th and possess a Enthusiastic people needed to make 
valid d river's license. We need: Mature. outbound calls for a La Jolla Mort. Co. 
Hardworking. Energetic individuals who Can make up $20H + Bonuses. Call 858-
can dedicate 4-7 weeks mentoring and 454-1952 x 124 (312) 

Thinking of Moving Off Ctlmpusl 
Tell Your Parents to Buy cI 

Condo for' You! CROSSWORD 
WHY RENT? BUYI 

• Rent the extra rooms to your friends ... 
• Use the rent money to pay for the mortgage . .. 
• You live in the condo for FREE, and ... 
... . your parents can wrlte off the Interest on the mortgogel 

Have your parents call Tobin today at (858)637-0609 
Fintltrta/tor@hotmail.com • www.cbcQliforn /o.com/tob/n 

MISSION BAY AQUATIC CENTER 
SUMMER CAMP 

COUNSELORS NEEDEDI 
Work at the beach this summer as a 

member of our high.1y motivated camp 
teaml Responsibilities Include safety. 

. sport Instruction. supervision. camp 
setup and breakdown. promotions and 

special events. Candidates should 
have experience working with children . 
ages 6-17 and should have skills In at 

least one of the follow ing areas: 
Wakeboardlng. Watersk iing, Surflng. 

e Kayal<lng. Wlndsurflng or Marine Science. must be available to woo June thrOlCh August. Bilingual 
Is a plus. 

AWl III ,...._tlle ....... .., 
~ c..... If MIl KftIII WIItIck 

_ ("')4Uo1OOO lI21I 
.. _ ...... 110. 

MISSION BAY AQUATIC CENTER 
INSTRUCTORS 

NEEDED 
...... 1IIeInIctor 
................ 

WIa III IIIC ......... 
..,..., ......... 
................. 

OR 
c..,C ••••• I.r, 
orn.AnIJIMI 

Some experience necessary. 

e Will train qualified candidates. CALL 
(_)411-1000 

ACIOSS 
1 Bivouacs 
6 Roper 0( polls 
10 "id a criminal 
14 Japonese!eapOl't 
15 Knocks ligtwiy 
16 lacob's third ton 
17 Elated 
20 SIudent mil. Il'l' 
21 Fizzle 
22 Queen VldOIia' 5 consort 
23 Tribelleedm 
26 E"""", _ 
27 Elated 
31 Mule 0( poe4s 
32 Old cald IJlme 
33 """"sship 

Summer Day Camp Counselors Needed! 
Stay her~ in San Diego; Drive a camp 
van to and from camp in Rancho 
Penasqultos (just east of Carmel Valley). 
Make a difference in the life of a child! 
858-487-6000. www.outpostsummer-
camps.com (4/27) 

Day Camps - San Fernando / Conejo 
Valleys. Counselors. Lifeguards. Gym. 
Fishing. Canoeing, Horseback Riding. 
Music, Drama. More. $3000-$3600+ I 
summer. 888-784-CAMp, www.workat-
camp.com (5/8) 

Fun Part time Event & Game staff need-
ed. Interactive Game Rental Company 
for Corporate Parties & Events. Fun 
working environment. Will train. 858-
622-6613 www.PartyPals.com (3/2) 

Nanny needed MondayandWednesday's 
from 8:00-4:30 to care for our 3 month 
old son. located near U Village Square. 
Will consider Job-share. 858-546-8425 or 
mkasJrnoyahoo.com. (3/6) 

FOR SALE 

Apple Sale: iBook G4 12" Combo Drive. 
(M9846lUA) $749 when purlhased 
with AppieCare. iBook G4 14" Super 
Drive (M9848LUA) $949 when pur-
chased with AppleCare. PowerBook G4 
15" Super Drive (M9969LLlA) Reg $1799 
UCSD Sale PrIce $ 1399. Last Chance for 

37 "FI""t like a butIerfIy" box ... 
38 Napoleon's 11""""'1 
41 Mai _ cocktail 
43 Help out 
44 "Whatev ... _ Wallis" 
46 Track circuit 
48 Funereol piece 
SO Elalled 
54 lInt 
57 Indefinite time periods 
58 lethol subotInce 
60 FmlCh-.on 
61 Ovid. OIdt 
65 Elaled 
611 v~ •• 
69 PlebilCile 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 

059 compatible IMac: IMac GS 2.1GHz 
20" LCD (MA064LVA) Reg $1399 UCSD 
Sale PrIce $1299. Purchase with any 
IPod Nano and receive a $SG InstMt 
Rebate UCSp Bookstore Computer 
Center (85B) 534-4291. http://bookstore. 
ucsd.edulcomputers/. (3/6) 

WANTED 

Volunteers paid $30 for an Interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese. Japanese. 
or Korean descent. age 21-26; call 552-
8585 x 5590 (3/16) 

WANTED: Exceptional Egg Donors 
Needed. $8000-$15000 for qualified. 
responsible applicants. All ethnk back-
grounds welcome. Special Need for 
Jewish. Asian. and East Indian donors. 
Close personal support by experienced 
donor. Call Dawn @ 951-696-7466. Full 
info at www.fertilltyalternatlves.com 
(6/8) 

SERVICES 
Tennis @ Noon - USPTR instructor will 
meet you at the Muir Courts for a 45 
min. lesson any time between 11-2. M-
F. UCSD special: 1 or 2 players $20. Call 
619-787-5475 (3/16) 

PAINFUL FEELlNGSn Loneliness. despair. 
sadness. frustration are painful. espe-
cially when suffered alone. Your pain can 
be relieved. Call (858) 337-7069 for a free 
initial consultation. (3/6) 

PERSONALS 

Guard_ AdMan MovIe Quotes: Kevin 
nailed the "Napoleon Dynamite" ques-
tion. Here's the whole quote. I think: "I 
don't have much to say . ..If you vote for 
me. all of your wildest dreams will corne 
true. Thank you" Nke job Kevin! This 
pleases AdMan. In fact, Kevin has picked 
the next movie. So. stay tuned for next 
Monday's quote. (3/2) 

Bodle Miller is one of the nominees for 
the 2005 Sullivan Award for excellence 
in amateur sports. I guess fondness for 
beer and indifference are brand new 
categories. (312) 

70 Rainbow·shaped 
71 To be in Toulon 
72 Simon Says player 
73 College VIPs 

DOWN 
I Coconut fiber 
2 Sci. da .. fig. 
3 CroW .. """ sile 
4 Principle 0( conduct 
5 4Runner 0< Highlander 
6 Pyle and ...... 
7 Side-1CHide 
8 Speed .. t 
9 W~ Slfety Il'l' 
10 Gulf .. 1e 
" An8Ie thars noI rishtl 
12 Tum inside cui 
13 Hues 
18 Sturluson salJl 
19 "80m F...,. lioness 
24 Sue of "loli"," 
25 Aberdeen man 
27 Make !<lUnd 
28 "lice's R .... urant potron 
29 Beach toy 
30 Ma .... 
34 _ avis 
35 Caron ride role 
36 ... Itic s.. feeder 
39 Pipebend 
40 Wild OIIen 
42 Screen supemar 
45 Majelic 
47 lab straw 
49 Fo<thc:omi~ 
51 Pen::hed upon 
52 lowor 0< under 
53 Frivolity 
54 Old-style poetry 
55 ' Rouen Cathedlal· pointer 
S6 Carpenlel" tx. 
59 Oasoic: a..." model 
62 PuweI Sound whale 
63 51..,. ~I 
64 Comibules 
66 Dandy 
67 1III'*m11 

See SOlUTIONS on .. P'4 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Paid Advertising 

The end of war 
When the time comes to count the cost, men' will be amazed at, and ashamed of, the 
waste of war. More than any other . a~tivity of men, war eats greedily into resources 
and lives. Nothing is spared in the effort to overcome the 'enemy'; everything is 
sacrificed to the attainment of victory. Thus has man waged relentless strife against 
his neighbour, and not always in . self-defence. As often as not, war has been used for 
the expansion of territory, the accumulation of plunder or, most abhorrently, the 
capture of slaves. The 'spoils of war' is a phrase used lightly to describe the 
underlying purpose of most wars. 

Today, we have reached a time when men must take seriously the task of ending war. 
Men must understand that there is no problem or situation which needs war to solve 
or cure. This being so the nations must together act and end for ever that destructive 
aptitude of men. 

Should they fail to do so, they threaten the very existence of the race. Peace is no 
longer an option for men: they have now in their hands the deadliest weapon of all 
time which, if used in major war, would desecrate the planet and leave it lifeless for 
aeons of time. Why, then, court such disaster, such an end? 

Slippery slope 
Maitreya, you may be sure, will speak thus on His· emergence. He will show men that 
small wars can lead to terrible consequences, and set men on the slippery slope of 
self-destruction. He will counsel gravely and tum men from the unthinkable. Be 
vigilant but not afraid; trust Maitreya to wisely guide the actions of men. Play your 
part in the task of educating your brothers and sisters and so make lighter His burden. 

Tell all who will listen that the Expected One is here, ready to begin, openly, His 
Mission. That He relies on the men and women of goodwill to work with Him for 
peace and justice, freedom and love. Tell them this. Tell them that Maitreya has the 
simple answer for the world's woes. That sharing will engender the trust that will open 
the door, and the hearts of men, to blessed peace. 

Then will you see the flowering of the human spirit in brotherhoOd and co-operation. 
Then will the problems and blockages melt away, overcome in overflowing goodwill. 

Thus will it be, and thus shall We witness the end of the abomination-of war. Such is 
Maitreya's purpose and firm is His will for its accomplishment. 

[This article from Share International magazine, March 2006, is by a ~enior member of the 
Hierarchy of Masters of Wisdom. His name, well-known in esoteric circles, is not yet being 
revealed. Benjamin Creme, a principal spokesman about the emergence of Maitreya, is in 
constant telepathic contact with this Master who dictated his article to him.} 

Share International 
PO Box 971 • North Hollywood, CA 91603, USA 

www.shareinternational,org • 818-785-6300 

13 



14 SPORTS 

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

spring break, study abroad & more 
Sample roundtrip Student Airfares from San DIego to: 

San Francisco $117 
Seattle $207 

Philadelphia $277 

Paris 
Rio de Janeiro 

Tokyo 

Visit StudentUnlv.,....com for cheap student airfares 
on major airlines to 1,000 destinations across the US 

and around the world. 

$609 
$726 
$746 

THE UCSD GUAIIDIAN 

CrosswordSOLUTIONS 

S N " 3 (] I ~ 3 d "-. 3 t/ 1 3 
o 3 ~ t/" 3 1 0 A W 3 3 0 
o 1 II 0 M 3 H 1 ~ 0 dOL N 0 
" e 0 1 313 NOS I 0 d 

- ' ... "' II I " N 0 0 N I )4 1 "M __ ~~tll l 0 d "1 'I' a 1 
0'''.'''1 A3N.,'" 
oellY 001 01'1113 
_W " 1 :l 'I S " Add" H 
S11YS S1I301~ 
1 II 3 a 1 'I 3 I 0 :l 1011 
N 3 A 'I I~ H 1 NI II 3 S N I 
IA3' SdWtl nt/Y10 
138" ~W13 SdW"~ 

YOU'RE INVITED TO THE 
PARTY OF THE DECADE! 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 

Challenging Schedule to 
Blame for UCSD's 'I-6 Start 
~ TENNIS, from page 16 
even though we lost those matches, 
we're going in the right direction:' 

This year, the Tritons' sched -
ule has fewer D· lI opponents, anil 
is markedly stocked with D· I foes 
such as Boston College, Gonzaga 
University and 
Yale. 

Kansas City, Miss. Last year, the 
Tritons reached the quarterfinals of 
the tournament, their best frnish as 
a 0·11 team. 

If last year's results are any pre-
view of this year's campaign, the 
team has reason to be optimistic 

about its upcom· 
ing schedule. 

Steidl mayer is 
hopeful the sched· 
ule will elevate his 
team's skill and 
poise, and that the 
challenge will not 
demoralize the 
players. 

Ill: the guys take it 
n themselves to u 

"We had a 
tough stretch in 
the beginning, 
but now we have 
an idea of where 
we need to be," 
Rubens said. "Now 
that everyone has 
an idea of what 

improve, we'll give 
ourselves a chance:' 

" Hopefully 
they'll look at it as 
something they're 
learning from, 

- Eric Steidlmayer, 
Men's Tennis Head Coach to expect, it will 

make our playa 

something they're getting better by 
experiencing: Steidl mayer said. "I 
see us growing in confidence." 

Despite the uphill battle, the 
team hopes that the challenge will 
pay dividends come May, when the 
NCAA II West Regional tourna-
ment begins. If the Tritons are suc-
cessful there, they will move on 
to the NCAA Championships in 

lot more focused." 
Steidlmayer hopes to match, if 

not improve, his team's results from 
last year, but he acknowledges that 
there is always room for more prog· 
ress. 

"Where we're at right now won't 
get it done," Steidl mayer said. "But 
if the guys take it upon themselves 
to improve, we'll give ourselves a 
chance." 

Explosive Nazarine Offense 
Overwhelms Stunned Tritons 
~ BASEBAlL, from page 16 
baseman David Morehead. 

In the bottom of the sixth inning, 
freshman southpaw Jon Durket 
came into the game in relief and it 
looked as if the Seawolves would 
blow the game wide open after two 
walks to start the inning. However, 
Durket forced a 5·4·3 double play 
and a lineout to get out of the inning 
unscathed. 

The Tritons tacked on another 
run to their total in the top of the 
seventh inning after sophomore 
Chris Carl smacked a leadoff single 
to right-center and came arGund 
to score on senior outfielder David 
Gomez's two-out triple to left center. 
Suddenly only facing a 6-run deficit 
with two innings left to play, the 
Tritons retained hope for a come· 
back, only to have the Seawolves 
crush their dreams with a 4 -run 
bottom haJf. 

Point Lorna held the Tritons 
scoreless in the eight and ninth 
innings to earn their 16th win of the 
year and hand UCSD an embarrass· 
ing loss. 

"Every team has its off days and 
this was just one of them," Morehead 

said. "Its just our job to minimize 
the bad days and bounce back from 
them with wins." 

The off day was due in large 
part to a Triton pitching staff that 
allowed the Seawolves J3 hits in 35 
at bats in the game for a .371 team 
batting average. PLNU also got a lot 
of help at the bottom of the order 
from Gill, who was 4·for-5 with two 
RBis and three runs. The Tritons, 
now 8· 6 overaJl, only batted .212 as 
a team and left five men on base in 
the 10 -run loss. 

The loss to Point Lorna came 
during a one· game vacation from 
Ca lifornia Collegiate Athletic 
Association play, in which the Tritons 
are 2-2. UCSD will return to league 
competition with a three-day, four· 
game home stand against Sonoma 
State on March 3 through 5. 

More'head said that the Tritons 
have lofty goals for the big home-
stand. 

"Our goal is always to win four 
games every weekend," he said. "But 
we're just goin& to take it one game 
at a time, pitch by pitch and focus on 
playing the game. The win column 
will take care of itself." 

Ruthless Competition In 
Battle to Bed Athletes 

• GROUPIES, from page 16 
"marry·mes" - those that want to 
be wives, among others, all of which 
makes you scratch your head in 
amusement and wonder. 
, But not every groupie is sleazy. 
Take, for example, Spike Lee, who 
has made it his personal mission to 
be a courtside fIXture at every New 
York Knicks game. He may not be 
your typicaJ image of a groupie -
but he's pertinently there schmooz-
ing with the players after the games 
and holds an extensive collection 
of Knicks memorabilia, enough to 
make anyone jealous. 

It was hard to pick my favor· 
ite story from an Ozone Magazine 
article called "Groupie Confessions," 
which asked for groupies to anony· 
mously step forward with their 
stories about being with a famous 
celebrity. But I leave you with one 
quote that will make anyone's night 
complete: "I had a one-night stand 
with Allen Iverson. He was record-
ing his aJbum and I happened to be 
at the studio. One of my homegirls 
was into one of his homeboys. There 
was four [expletive 1 there and he 
was like, 'I wanna [expletive 1 some· 
one for the night:" 

., ~ . 

THE -.. ~~ GUARDIAN 
Writers Wanted 

Email: editor@ucsdguardian.org 

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 THE UCSD GUAIIDIAN 

ViaSat will be holding a Company Information Sassion 
on Monday. March B. Please join us at 5:00 p.m. 

for FREE PIZZA AND SODA In the Horizon Roam 
It the Clrear Sirviell Canter 

NOW HIRING Entry If~vld Softwilrr. H.Jrdwilrl' ilnd Ml'chiHlICill Fnglnp.p.rs 

LOOKING FOR AN 
EXCITING JOB? 

GOOD. BECAUSE 
RED BULL IS 

LOOKING FOR A 
STUDENT BRAND 

MANAGER ON 
YOU CAMPUS I 

SPORTS 15 

To find out more and to apply go to www.redbullu.com 
or text the word SBM to 72855 

.. 



• I 
16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Rad En/un 
sports@ucsdguardian.org 

ATHLETE 
ENCOUNTERS 

TURN FANS 
INTO GROUPIES 

I n light of the scantily clad woman at the recent NBA All-Star Game and the new Kid Rock and Scott 
tapp sex- tape video scandal , I was 

inspired to write about the oldest but 
most hush-hush unofficial sport of 
citizens everywhere: being a profes-
sional groupie. Being awe-struck by 
a celebrity doesn't take into account 
what gender you ,are, how old you 
are or where you are - going weak 
in the knees over seeing omeone 
famous is a symptom that affects 
LI S all. But how well you compose 
your elf or how far you put out to 

No Cup 
Required 
Angie Lin 

amlin@ucsd.edu 

pursue the chance encounter is what 
defines a groupie ho-fes ional from 
an awe-struck amateur. 

For tho e that refu e to look at 
this as a sport, I beg to differ. You 
have your uniform: For gi rls, it's 
usually cleavage up to the neck and 
your little sister's skirt (clear heels 
don't hurt either), while guys tend to 
sport jerseys and have their equip-
ment (Sharpie) in hand. Your game 
plan: flirting with the security guard 
to get backstage or fake pre s passes 
to get past the locker room doors. 

You have the legends, sllch 
as Karrine Steffans, author of 
"Confessions of a Video Vixen ," 
whose conquests include Shaq and 
Ja Rule among others, as well as the 
infamous gr~upies: Katelyn Faber, 
whose claim to fame is none other 
than Kobe Bryant - with the thou-
sands of groupies across the world, 
only a few come Ollt with some kind 
of souvenir. But whether it's money 
or a diamond necklace, everyone 
goes away with a story to teU to any-
one who will listen. 

But don't put the fault just on 
the groupies; it takes two to do this 
tango. Not every superstar is scotch 
clean, no matter what their appear-
ance may seem. Case-in -point: 
Ichiro Suzuki , probably the best 
Japanese import since Nintendo, 
whom Ken Griffey Jr. would like to 
kid "had not butt," has what seems 
to be a gleaming track record. But 
even Suzuki has a few skeletons in 
his closet: A couple years ago, the 
160-pound, married All-Star was 
bogged with rumors that he had 
made a lucrative monetary offer to a 
woman to silence her from stepping 
forward to the press and releasing 
details of their steamy affair. ' And 
who could forget the crazy stories 
about Magic Johnson's orgies that 
began to shed light to HIV aware-
ness in the early '90s? 

A 1998 Sports Illustrated arti -
cle even brought to the spotlight 
the high number of NBA players 
who had out-of-wedlock children. 
One of the biggest repeat offenders 
was Shawn Kemp, who has seven 
children with six different mothers. 
That's a lot of love to have to spread 
around. 

Some people even have terms 
fo r the different types of group-
ies that exist in the league: "lot 
lizards" - groupies that hang out 
in the parking lot; "camp groupies" 
- those that live near team training 
camps; "grandma groupies" - the 
40- and 50-year-old groupies; and 

( GROUPIES, page 14 J 

THE!l'GUARDIAN 
HOT CORNER 

SPORTS 
r~ Baseball 

The UCSD baseball team (8-6 overall , 2-2 
California Collegiate Athletic Association) 

i will get a chance to boost their confe~ce 
record when they host Sonoma State in 

four games March 3 through 5. 
THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 2006 

Men's Tennis Sweeps Pomona for First Win 

• ALEXANDER VAROND/GUARDIAN 

Tritons end season-
opening six-game 
losing streak with 

.. . 

convlncmg WIn over 
Cal Poly Pomona. 

By Danai Leininger 
ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

Losing Six-straight match ups to 
begin a season is usualJy a cause for 
concern, but for the UCSD men's 
tennis team, optimism abounds. 

The Tritons captured their first 
victory of the season with a convinc-
ing 9-0 sweep of Cal Poly Pomona on 
Feb. 26, ending an otherwise winless 
February against decidedly daunt-
ing opponents. The team, which had 
played valiantly but fruitlessly for 
the greater part of the month, saw 
Its hard work payoff in straight-set 
victories in dominant Singles and 
strong doubles play. 

No.1 singles senior Brent Molden 
trounced the Broncos' Daniel Chang 
in an assertive 6-0, 6-0 finish , while 
No. 2 sophomore Eric Rubens 
defeated Sebastian Torres (6-1, 6 -
I) in similar fashion. Sophomore 
transfer Ramesh Thondapu regis-
tered a 6-3, 6-2 win over Danny 
Tran, the only Broncos player to win 
more than four games. 

the sweep with an 8-3 win over Dan 
Evangelista and Eric Carlstrom. 

Head coach Eric Steidl mayer, the 
winningest coach in UCSD men's 
tennis history, was pleased that his 
team's efforts had finally paid off. 

"It was definitely good to get the 
first win," Steidlmayer said. "We've 
been trying to get better by practic-
ing with a purpose, and the last two 
weeks we've done th'tt better:' 

The Tritons' impressive results 
against Pomona may be attributed 
to the team's six previous matches, 
in which five of the opponents were 
top Division-I programs. The team 
competed against D -I forces such 
as UC Riverside, San Diego State 
and Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. The 
team only faced one other D-II team 
before its win, a great difference 
from the far easier schedule of the 
2005 season. In fact, UCSD suffered 
only seven losses in the entire 2005 
season, but many of the opponents 
were from D-II squads. 

According to Steidlmayer, the 
plan to schedule matches against 
top-tier D -I teams was premedi-
tated. 

"We have a really young team this 
year, and we're trying to get them 
seasoned and more experienced:' 
Steidlmayer said. "We're playing 
teams with players that have been in 
tougher situations, and it's getting us 
ready for the next months ." 

Meister, who outshined Wang 6-
I, 6-2, views the grueling schedule 
as a crucial way to gauge the team's 
ability and raise the level of play. 

"These teams will battle for every 
point in every game:' Meister said. 
"We knew it was going to be chal-
lenging from the beginning, and 

Senior Brent Molden swept the Broncos' Daniel Chang in his No.1 singles match and toomed 
up with senior Steven Oechel for an 8-5 doubles win in the Tritons' !HJ victory on Feb. 26. 

In doubles play, senior Erik 
Oijala and sophomore Blake Meister 
put down Chang and Tyrone Wang's 
effort, and cruised to an 8-2 win. 
In the closest match of the series, 
Molden and senior Steven Oechel, 
who recently came back ·from an 
injury, dealt Torres and Dustin 
Andolsen. an 8-5 defeat. The No. 3 
doubles team of Rubens and fresh -
man Kazumi Negishi rounded out [ TENNIS, page 14] 

. 

Tritons Fall 14-4 to Point Lorna's Stellar Pitching, Strong Offense 
Seawolves rally to 
avenge early-season 
loss to UCSD with 
IO-run blowout in 
home stadium. 

By Rae! En/un 
SPORTS EDITOR 

The Point Lorna Nazarene base-
ball team did not take kindly to its 
defeat at the hands of the Tritons 
earlier in the season, avenging their 
9-6 loss in UCSD's season-opener 
with a 14-4 win on March 1. 

Originally scheduled for Feb. 28 
but postponed due to rain, the game 
started with the Tritons scoring the 
first run in the second inning after 
senior centerfielder Damian Fante 
took one for the team, then stole 
second after his free pass. Fante 
would come around to score on 
sophomore third baseman Chris 
Hom's double down the right field 
line. 

After doing a stellar job in the 
top of the first, senior starting 
pitcher T.e. Geach (2- 1) returned 
to the hill to protect the Tritons' 
slim lead but could not retire a 
batter before giving up three runs 
on two-straight Singles and a home 
run to open the inning. Facing a 
3- 1 deficit after the three-run blast, 
Geach retired the next Seawolf bat-
ter but found himself in another 
jam with men on second and third 
and one out. Geach managed to 
escape the inning two batters later 
but gave up one more run on a 
groundout to put the Tritons down 
by three runs. 

The Seawolves expanded their 
lead one inning later after a quiet 
UCSD half of the third. After giv-
ing up four runs in two innings, 

the beleaguered Geach was in need 
of assistance and junior reliever 
Michael Kearney was the Triton for 
the job. Kearney cruised through 
the first two batters but gave up a 
home rtin to sophomore third base-
man Jesse Gill to put the Tritons 
deeper in the hole. 

Another uneventful inning for 
UCSD gave the Seawolves a chance 
to expand their lead in Kearney's 
second inning of work. Kearney 
began the bottom of the fourth by 
striking out junior outfielder Travis 
Wiley and fOIcing a lineout from 
the next batter. However, Point 

Lorna mounted another two-out 
rally and scored two more runs on 
two RBI singles. 

The cycle of the Seawolves' stel-
lar pitching and powerful Seawolf 
offense continued in the fifth inning 
as Jared Eskew (4-1) maintained his 
dominance over an anemic Triton 
offense. AlIeady with a command-
ing 7-1 lead, the Seawolves did not 
hold back and scored three more 
runs in the bottom of the fifth 
inning off of senior pitcher Jose 
Navarro, the starter in the Tritons 
season-opening victory over the 
same Seawolves. 

It took a nine-run deficit to get 
the attention of the Triton offense, 
which finally came alive with two 
runs in the top of the sixth inning. 
The sudden outburst could have 
come because of junior reliever 
Shane Kochon's replacement of 
Eskew, who only allowed two UCSD 
hits and struck out eight batters in 
his five innings of work. Whatever 
the reason, the Tritons put togeth-
er the two-run rally on back-to-
back homers by junior shortstop 
Jonathan Erickson and junior first 

[ BASEBALL, page 14] 

DANAI LEININGEItiCUARDIAN 
Senior southpaw Jose Navarro allowed three earned runs in one inning of 1'e1ie/on a dall when neithtr the Triton .. starting pitching nor 
bullpen could quiet Point Loma Nazarene University's hot bat3. The~! effr-led them to a J'N victory over UCSD on March I . 


