
ELECTION ENDORSEMENTS 2006 ~ OPINION, PAGE 4 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

www.ucsdguardian.org MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 The Student Voice Since 1967 

UC LAB 
FINDS NEW 

FUEL SOURCE 
By Sneha Bhamre 

CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

cientists at the UC-managed Los 
Alamos National Laboratory in New 
Mexico recently announced the dis-
covery of a cheaper fuel cell catalyst 
that uses a cobalt composite instead of 
the more traditional and vastly more 
expensive platinum-based compound. 

Unlike a battery, fuel cells do not 
need to be recharged and will continue 
to run as long as reactants are sup-
plied. The electrochemical process is 
two to three times more efficient than 
fuel burning and emits no pollutants 
- only heat and water. 

The traditional platinum catalyst 
fuel cell generates electricity similar to 
a battery through two half-reactions. 
However, without a catalyst, the reac-
tion to create electricity does not take 
place, making platinum arguably the 
most important component of the fuel 
cell. This compon~nt also contributes a 
great deal to the system's cost. 

[ CELL, page 3 ) 

Warren, Revelle Premiere First Joint Fest!val 

WILL PARSON/GUARD""N 
Penultimate act Living Legends drew an energetic crowd at the first euer joint college Jestiool, 'Warren and Revelle Rock PC Plaza.' They 
performed along with Grand Ole Party. The Donkeys and headlining trio Nada Surf. 

By Casey Lo 
CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

Traditionally, UCSD's campus is 
known to be empty Halloween week-
end, with students either leaving fo r 
parties off campus or travelling to 
other schools for parnes. 

On Oct. 27, however, the univer- . 
sity's first joint college festival, Revelle 
and Warren Rock PC Plaza, hosted 
activities on Library Walk all day and 
held a highly anticipated concert fea-
turing four bands. The lineup was a 
diverse mix that included two local 
bands, Grand Ole Party and The 
Donkeys, as well as underground hip-
hop group Living Legends and the 
headliners Nada Surf. 

"We made it a priority to support 
local San Diego bands:' Revelle College 
Sophomore Senator Sarah Chang said. 
"But we also wanted to have a diverse 
selection of music to get people to 
come out:' 

While the local and lesser-known 
Grand Ole Party and The Donkeys 
drew only a scant crowd, Living 
Legends attracted an intense follOwing 
later in the show. 

"[Living Legends) was definitely a 
highlight of the night; Chang said. 

"When I turn around again, I want 

l CONCERT, page 3) 

Campus Joins National 
AIDS Treatment Database 

Office Keeps Injured Students Walking 
By Kristyn Kennedy 

STAFF WRITER 

. UCSD teams up with 
researchers around the 
country to identify the 
most effective AIDS 
treatments. 

By Pttr FtylStr 
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Campus HIV and AIDS 
researchers recently announced 
their participation in a national 
collaborative information-shar-
ing database on AIDS treatments 
to better ascertain which ones are 
most effective. 

The UCSD project is led by 
adjunct professor of medicine 
Richard Haubrich and medical 
researcher ' Christopher Matthews. 
both of whom are already mem-
bers of the UCSD AIDS Research 
Institute. 

The program measures the effec-
tiveness of treatments for thousands 
of patients in everyday practice, 
compared to about 100 selected for 
clinical trials. 

"This is an ongoing collabora-
tion that we just received permanent 
funding for," Haubrich said. 

UCSD had' a similar database 
for several years before it integrated 
with the national network, at which 
point initial pilot funding jump-
started the program. 

FOCUS 

Earl Warren 
leads the canlJ)lt" 
JIIIe 8 

"We received a five-year grant 
from the [National Institutes of 
Health) to move forward ." Haubrich 
said. 

The Owen Clinic. which works 
with over 2,600 patients. is the base 
site at UCSD for the database that 
communicates with the network.. 

Due to the variations through 
which HIV manifests, keep-
ing record of individual patients' 
responses to treatments is key. 

These kinds of trials are con-
ducted on a short-term basis. While 
this information may be useful in 
starting treatments. doctors say that 
they need more information on 
long-term benefits and side effects. 

New antiretroviraJ drugs have 
allowed HIV-infected patients to 
live longer. although high blood 
pressure, diabetes. heart disease and 
other ailments are becoming more 
apparent. according to The New 
York Times. 

The network connect seyen si tes: 
UC D, University of AlaBa ma at 
Birmingham, Case Western Reserve 
University in Cleveland. Harvard 
University in Boston. John Hopkins 
University in Baltimore, UC San 
Francisco and the Un.iversity of 
Washington in Seattle. 

According to Times. an addition-
al S2.4S-million grant from both 
the National Institute of Allergy 

[ AIDS page 2) 

The Office for Students with 
Disabilities has received a significant 
amount of student criticism in response 
to its recent suspension of services to 
temporarily disabled students. 

Due to a limited number of golf 
carts and trained student drivers, 
Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student 
Development Brian J. Murray said that 
it was impossible for OSD to provide 
rides to and from class for temporar-
ily disabled students - students with 
such afflictions such as a broken foot 
or leg. pulled tendon or sprain. 

"This fall quarter there was a 
marked increased demand for ser-
vice coupled with a lack of available. 
trained student drivers:' Murray stated 
in an e-mail. "Hence, [there was a] 
necessity to limit cart transport on a 
priority basis to those with permanent 
disability, followed by those with needs 
fo r cart transport of multi-months 
duration." 

Other students with short-term 
mobility issues were placed on a wait-
list for service, according to Murray. 

Despite this, disabled students 
across campus are angry with the 
office's decis.ion. 

Emily Catalano. a Thurgood 
Marshall College senior. broke her foot 
about two weeks ago. When she went 
into the office wearing a cast and hob-
bling on crutches. she said an employ-
ee told her about the wait list, but said, 

[ DISABILITY. page 3) 

Payback 

H VDIE CHEUNG/GUARDIAN 
A driver Jor the Office Jor Students with Disabilities explains the LlJUit list and applicotion 
procedure to temporarily disabled Thurgood Marshall College junior Shannon Ng. 

IDE 
Currents .................................. 2 
Campus Calendar ................ 10 Oct. 30 Oct. 31 

Women's soccer gets revenge against Chico State, 
defeating them 4-0 in the league championship. 
,.16 

Site Seen ............................... 11 
Classifieds ............................. 12 
Crossword ......... .................... 12 
Column ................. ........... ...... 16 

H70 L48 HIOL48 
.. 

Nov. I Nov. 2 
H71 LSO H7SL 51 



2 NEWS 

CURRENTS ------
Social Cue Found in 

Bird Brains 
UCSD is responsible for pio-

neering a study that has recently 
made a discovery in animal behav-
ior research : Scientists have identi-
fied brain cells that influence bird 
sociability. ' 

Headed by James Goodson, 
as 0 iate professor of psychol-
ogy and neuroscience, the research 
found that specialized neurons in 
the brain reacted differently in birds 
that live in colonies than in the ir 
more solitary neighbors. _ 

The study found that vasotoci n 
neurons selectively promote posi-
tive affiliation, and that the amiable 
species have a greater number of the 
specified ne urons and an increased 
baseline ac tivity, plac ing these birds 
in a continual "social mood." 

"And whi Ie the observations were 
made in birds, they should apply 
to many other animals, including 
humans, since the cells are present 
in almost a ll vertebrates and the 
brain ci rcui ts that regulate the basic 
forms of social behavior are strik-
ingly similar," Goodson sa id. 

Cup of Coffee a Day 
Keeps Diabetes Away 

There may be good news for 
coffee addicts, according to a 
UCSD study, which fOljnd th at 
past and present drinkers of caf-
feinated coffee have as much as a 
60-percent reduction in diabetes 
risk, compared with control sub-
je ts who never drank offee. 

While the study wasn't the first 
to discover that coffee drinking was 
inversely proportional to diabeteS 
risk, UCSD's researchers were the 
first to include test patients with 
high levels of blood sugar, who 
were consequently at high risk for 
Type-II diabetes. 

In 2004, a Finnish study sug-
gested that drinking three to four 
cups of coffee a day could reduce 
the risk ofType-1I diabetes by about 
30 percent. 

Resu lts from 15 studies that 
evaluated over 200,000 partic ipants 
combined found -. si milar positive 
effects, where the highest coffee 
consumption yielded the lowest risk 
for diabetes susceptibility, accord-
ing to the Harva rd School of Public 
Health. 
. American Diabetes Association 

spokesman Larry Deeb said he 
is enthusiastic about the findings 
because of their positive implica-
tions for people combatting dia-
betes. 

"People with diabetes and those 
at risk for developi ng diabetes have 
enough [thingsl to worry about: 
Deeb said. "It is nice to know that 
coffee isn't one of them, and it may 
actually help lower risk." 

However, it is too early to 
recommend drinking coffee as a 
hea lth strategy for lowering the 
risk of diabetes, accordi ng to the 
study's director, Besa Smith. 

Currentl y, it is unclear how cof-
fee influences diabetes risk, she 
said. 

Furthe r research is needed to 
isolate the compo ne nts respon-
sible for the protective effects, 
which are most likely not due to 
caffeine. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Campus AIDS Center 
Ranks Sixth in Nation 
~ AIDS, from page 1 
and Infectious Disease and the 
National Heart, Lung and Blood 
Institute can cover up to five addi-
tiona� centers. 

Participating patients will be 
asked to answer questions about 
their symptoms, body image and 
adherence to medication regimens at 
waiting-room kiosks at each center. 

They will then be asked to give 
blood samples for laboratory test-
ing to determine whether they were 
taking medication as prescribed 
and stated by their physicians. 

Computers can make calcula-
tions to determine which treat-

ments have the best chances of 
working, based on what has helped 
other patients with similar prob-
lems, according to the Times. 

[n 1996, the UC Board of 
Regents established the ARI, 
housed within the UCSD School 
of Medicine, to coordinate AIDS 
research at UCSD. 

[n this year's "Best Graduate 
Schools· edition of U.S. News and 
World Report, the UCSD's HIV/ 
AIDS program ranked sixth in the 
nation. 

Readers can contact PelT Feytser at 
p.feytser.jr@gmail.com. 

Monelay, Oct 30 @ 1:30 PM 
GHOULS GONE GLOBAL! 

Come to Global Cafe to see putnpk'n 
earvfng pros slash • gash ordinary 

squash "'to artlstle. ghoulish 
jaek o' lanterns. YOU help dee,. the wenner! 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

fIIIIo. ill ChIef 
Andrew Nguyen ManIp& &IIorI 
Charles Nguyen 

Hadley Mendoza Copy &IIorI 
Ned.Oreizy 

Mot"- McArdle News flIIIr 
Mallhew L'Heureux AMoc:We News &lion 

Sereftl Renner 

Nathln Miklos 0pW000 EtIIor 
N.ta .... Neraghi AModoIe o,wo. &IIIor 

Danai Lihlinger SpoftIIdIDr 

Nidty 8uchinIn ~ SpoIts &1110. 
Hanna Camp ,.. ... 

Mathew IavItt AIIOCiIII f«us fdIIor 
Si mone Wohon .... flIIIr 

li.Cu A.a. ........ 
"'ash I(e,hmirian ........ flIIIr 

Richard Choi DeIIp I'IIIIr 
Jenn iferHsu All ... 

Edt ........... 
Petr fewtoo< 

Michelle Lee, N1% ~ Wendy SIIieu, 
Simone WilSOf\ Michael """ -. Yip 

Nini 8ui, Thalio ~~ KIm, Will unton, 
KMtWotman 

Air Force ROTC students get 
opportunities like summer 
internships in foreign countries and 
leaderlihip training. Scholarships 
prov ide up to full tuition and up to 
$400 a month in spending money. 
Find out how you can make your 
college career more noteworthy. 
Visit our Web site or call our 
toll-free number. 

AFROTC.COM • l-'''-'AFROTC 

619 ·594-5550 
75afrotc ·almail. sdslI edLl 

AC.USTIC GUITAR Big Baby Taylor courtesy of 
La Jolla Music 

See Guardian Giveaways @ ucsdguardian.org 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

Energy Dept. Funds Additional Fuel Research 
• CELL, from page 1 

The high price of platinum has 
been a roadblock for the commercial 
viability of fuel cells. 

"One big obstacle for fuel cells to 
become more practical is the cost, 
especially the cost of precious metals~ 
project leader Piot r Zelenay said. 

As a precious metal, platinum is 
subject to rocketing market prices, 
and is currently priced at $38 per 
gram. Cobah, on the other hand, is 
far less expensive, at only four cents 
per gram. The abundance of cobalt 
resources worldwide and its low cost 
make cobalt a very attractive catalyst. 
according to Zelenay. 

Another non -precious metal that 
has shown some catalytic activity is 
iron, which led to the decision to test 
cobalt, Zelenay said. 

"The reason why we selected 
cobalt first was the good proven cata-
lytic activity in other non-precious 
metals in other catalytic systems." he 
said. 

Cobalt yielded surprising results 
for a non-precious metal, according 
to Zelenay. It was able to withstand 
the acidic environment of the fuel cell 
without degrading Like iron, and was 
proven to remain stable for several 
hundred hours. 

However, as promising as this 
discovery is, it is not yet the ulti-
mate solution for battling fuel cell 
costs while maintaining performance, 
Zelenay said. The key point of the 
experiment was to show the durabil-
ity of the catalyst, not the efficiency. 

The fact that cobalt worked as 
part of the catalyst opens up an 
entirely new avenue of looking at 
non-precious metals as possibLe cata-
lyst sources, he said. 

The actual amount of electricity 
that was produced from the cobalt 
catalyst is not yet at practical levels for 
commercial use. 

For LANL, the next step "requires 
not the development of new catalysts, 
but in tllis particular case, ... the 

work of the structure of the catalyst." 
Zelenay said. 

I n order to be able to continue wi th 
that research, the U.S. Department of 
Energy awarded $ 100 million for fuel 
cell research to 2S different projects 
nationwide last week, including mul-
tiple projects at Los Alamos. 

LANL is a multidisciplinary 
research facility that looks at solv-
ing energy- and environment-related 
problems. Zelenay and research part-
ner Rajesh Bashyam mainly focus on 
polymer electrolyte fuel cells, which 
are more hopeful sources of alter-
nate energy mainly due to their low 
heat output and high energy density. 
According to Zelenay, these fuel cells 
have been seen as a possible alter-
native energy source in a variety of 
sectors, including transportation, por-
table devices, military uses, residential 
power and space. 

Readers can contact Sneha Bhamre 
at sbhamre@ucsd.com 

Complaints Will Be Addressed, VC Says 
~ DISABILITY, from page 1 
"There"s a lot of injured people and we 
probably can't help you right now?' 

") ended up not even going to class 
for a week and a half because I had 
class at Peterson at 1 p.m. and York at 
2 p.m. and HSS at 3 p.m. and York at 
4 p.m.;' Catalano said. 

Due in part to student complaints, 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Joseph W. Watson stated in an e-mail 
that OSD has decided to "transfer 
the responsibility for providing trans-
portation services . .. to Parking and 
Transportation Services· within the 
next month. 

In addition, Murray said that 
T&PS recently supplied OSO with 
another cart, and additional student 
drivers were hired to help meet the 

demand. 
Despite the changes, the office i.s 

still receiving nak for its downsized 
menu of service . 

A.S. Commissioner of Student 
Advocacy Lindsay Root broke her 
foot in May, and said that OSD offi-
dais made her physically come three 
times to their office while she was on 
crutches to fiU out paperwork. 

Then, the office forced Root to 
wait until her orthopedic urgeon 
had faxed over all her medical docu-
mentation before they would begin 
to help her. 

Then, once all of Root's work was 
complete, she discovered that as far as 
the rides went, she was "completely on 
their time" because the "rides either 
get you to your next class late or make 

you leave your first cia s early:' 
. Both Watson and Murray said 

they were concerned about the com-
plaints. 

"OSO and its director are com-
mitted to providing responsive and 
effective service to each and every 
student to the best of their ability and 
resources in respectful and positive 
ways." Watson stated. 

According to Murray, student 
complaints will be carefully reviewed 
and addressed. 

Murray recommended that all 
further complaints about OSD be sent 
directly to Director Roberta Gimblett 
via e-mail or campus mail. 

Readers can ron tact Kristyn Kennedy 
at kiki.kennedy@mac.com. 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS 
.. _ .. _-

NEWS 3 

Planners Faced Few Setbacks 
Despite Event's Novelty 

• CONCERT, from page 1 
you all to make some noise." Living 
Legends' MC said to a sluggish crowd 
with his back nlrned. His challenge 
was met when the crowd roared their 
approval. 

"The atmosphere was decidedly 
h igh after the Living Legends played." 
John Muir College sophomore Brian 
Wang said. 

Turnout increased rapidly with the 
announcement of Nada Surf, as 1,500 
to 1,600 people filed into Price Center, 
according to Chang. 

Although turnout still was not at full 

to other festival such as Muirstock and 
Marshallpalooza. But unlike individual 
college festivals, Chang said, Revelle 
and Warren had a combined budget 
of $34,()()(), which supported a free 
hookah bar, free barbeque for I,()()() 
people, a caricature artist and pump-
kins for volunteers to carve. Although 
some games, such as apple bobbing, 
drew lesser crowds, the pie-eating con-
test was a hit that gathered a crowd of 
SO people within minutes. 

The joint college project faced 
few difficulties regarding ,coopera-
tion, despite being th fir t large-

scale collaborative capacity, "every-
one who was there 
really wanted to be 
there:' Muir oph-
omore Rachael 
Roberts said. 

The indie-
rock band started 
the show with 
the short acoustic 
"Blizzard of '77" 
to the crooning 
vocal oflead sing-
er Matthew Caws. 

e wanted students 
o know that they 

wouldn't have to go 
up to Santa Barbara 

to have a good time .. ?' 

event, according 
to Chang. Because 
Revelle College had 
never held a feslival 
before, and Warren 
had onl y received 
its fee referendum 
to fu nd such events 
in 2004 , both col-
leges were eager to 
host the festival. 
During the week of 
the festival, event 
planners rented out 

- Heidi laidemitt, Revelle 
College Junior Senator 

Bassist Daniel 
Lorca had to ask for the lights to be 
turned off repeatedly throughout the 
concert because they were shining in 
his eyes. However, the trio made up 
for the distractions by interacting with 
the crowd, even requesting a short 
dance step during the mellow "lnside 
of Love." 

Crowd participation peaked when 
Caws asked the audience to sing along 
to the lyrics, "Meow, meow. meow 1 I'm 
a little kitten:' The sound of meowing, 
a thousand voices strong, permeated 
Price Center and produced plenty of 
laughs while maintaining the hype for 
the second half of the show. 

In addition to the nighttime concert, 
the festival was a full -day event, similar 

a golf cart to drive around campus 
blasting Nada Surf in order to promote 
turnout, Chang said. 

"We wanted students to know that 
they wouldn't have to go up to Santa 
Barbara to have a good time this year;' 
Revelle College Junior Senator Heidi 
Laidemitt said. 

Despite fervent efforts to advertise 
the festival, turnout was still severe-
ly affected by Halloween weekend, 
according to Chang. However, coun-
cilrnembers considered the event to 
be a success and said that they hope to 
hold it again next year. 

Readers can contact Casey Lo at 
cwlo@ucsd.edu. 



4 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

athall Miklos 
opillion@ucsdgllardian.org OPINION 

MO DAY. OCTOBER 30, 2006 

• 

Web poll I Do you use an internet professor rating system to select classes? 

Volt 011 the _ question It www.ucsd""rdi.nmg. 

eClon 
Endorsement 

W ith the Nov. 7 election just weeks away, the Guardian editorial board weighs in on the gubernatorial race and analyzes the better part of the statewide measures on the ballot, including 
a bill requiring parental notification, one that would tax California oil 
production and the Legislature's bid to "Rebuild California:' 

Arnold's Comeback 
l ust a year ago, the Schwarzenegger administra-tion was atrophying, voters had just rejected the governor's four special-election ballot measures, is approval ratings had plummeted to record lows 
and political pundits were ribbing him with the brand 
"One-terminator." But Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 
has since managed to shake his political trouncing 
from last November, proving that through centrist 
policy and philosophy he shouJd receive another term 
at California's helm. 

In seeking re-election, as in the 2003 recall, 
Schwarzenegger is assuring a bipartisan Sacramento 
by displaying both drive and compromise to oft -stub-
born Democrat . The only difference, this time, is his 
track record. 

for the first time in years, raising the minimum wage 
and establishing long-term initiatives to battle global 
warming and improve state health care. 

The challenging candidate, Phil Angelides, calls 
Schwarzenegger's leadership a fraud. The Democratic 
state treasurer's campaign has tried to appeal to 
California's scorn of conservatives by connecting 
Schwarzenegger to President George W. Bush, as if the 
governor had been parading a bipartisan facade. 

While it is true that chwarzenegger has proven 
politically cloudy on some issues - such as the loom-
ing state budget deficit as well as his inconsistencies 
and nonspecific plans on immigralion - Angelides 
still has no definitive answers for his opponent. To 
solve the budget gap, Angelides has taken the politi-
cally unpopuJar route of taxation. His straight-shooter 
image will not match the legislative camaraderie 
chwarzenegger has built. Even Democrats show no 

spark in their, support of Angelides, marked by Los 
Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa's endorsement 
holdout until September. 

JEN NIFER H SUlGUARD:/:A:N~--------.::::;;~ 

chwanenegger's strongman stance against unions 
and the Legi lature during last November's election 
proved a disaster, and the governor admitted ~t. He 
has since reconciled with his constituents, and his 
achievements in the last year have proven that his 
flexible agenda can weaken the state's party lines for 
a greater good. Schwarzeneggec's pragmatism has 
allowed him to maneuver hot-button issues with 
less flak. For example, he assumed a conservative 
stance on gay marriage while distancing himself from 
Republicans on stem cell research. In the meantime, 
Schwanenegger has delivered a state budget on tinle 

Schwarzenegger, however, has been able to walk 
both the conservative and liberal worlds since his elec-
tion ih 2003. While his midterm experience proved 
rocky; the governor has demonstrated a politically 
balanced tenure and mentality that eams him the 
right to another term. 

WHAT IT DOES: 
Earmarks fuel tax revenues for various 
transportation projects. 
WHY WE SUPPORT IT: 
The bill encourages fiscal responSibility 
with only a small cost in liquidity. 

I n 2002, Californians passed Proposition 42, which specifies that most of the state's fuel taxes - about $3 billion annually - be used 
for transportation improvements instead of going 
to the state's general fund. But in the face of a bud-
get crisis, Sacramento has suspended this transfer 
twice in four years, siphoning funds from trans-
portation into education and social services. 

Proposition 1 A would make such realloca-
tions more difficult, treating those transfers 
as loans to the general fund that would need 
to be repaid in full - with interest. While the 
Legislature could sti ll pull an emergency loan 
with a two-thirds majority, the state would not 
be able to draw from the Proposition 42 money 
unless previous emergency transfers had been 
repaid in full. Furthermore, only two such 

transfers wouJd be permitted every 10 years. 
Proposition 42 dedicated fuel taxes to trans-

portation projects for a reason: so that new free-
ways, road improvements and transit systems 
would be paid for by the people who use them. 
Proposition I A would lock this sensible system 
into place. , 

It's become common practice during hard 
fiscal times to transfer money from transporta-
tion to whatever other program needs the cash. 
But doing so makes it easier for the legislature 
and the governor to gloss over poor budgetary 
decisions in other areas. 

While budget flexibility is a good thing to 
have in an emergency, Sacramento needs fis-
cal discipline - and Proposition IA is a good 
compromise. 

THE ~GuARDIAN EDITORIAL BOARD 

Andrew Nguyen 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Charles Nguyen 
MANAGING EDITOR 

Heather Welles 
EDITOR IN CH IEF 

Matthew McArcUe 
N EWS EDITOR 
Nathan Miklos 

OPINION EDITOR 

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of California 
at San Diego. Contenls e 2006. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of ttie editorial board and are not necessarily those of the UC Board of 

Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

YES PROP. IB 
WHAT IT DOES: 
Provides $19.9 billion in bonds for road, 
highway and public transportation proj-
ects. 

P roposition I B is part of the "Rebuild California" package promoted by the state Legislature and Gov. Arnold 
Schwarzenegger. Such bipartisan cooperation 
is rare in California, and voters shouJd recog-
nize the reason for its existence - California's 
huge transportation infrastructure badly needs 
updating and maintenance. As the population 
continues to surge, congestion becomes an ever-
worsening problem that requires more than the 
currently inadequate funding to alleviate. As a 
resuJt of years of neglect, California's roads and 
highways are sliding into disrepaiI, something all 
Californians, who spend an estimated 500,000 
hours per day sitting in traffic, must recognize. 
The need is clearly demonstrated by the wide 
range of support for the measure, including both 
major political parties and the state Chamber of 
Commerce. 

Although Proposition 1 B is the largest bond 
measure ever put before California voters, it is 
a crucial one, and even if voters pass all of the 
"Rebuild California" bond measures, the state will 
remain below the recommended 6 percent debt 
c;eiling. The measure's balance between funding 
for highway congestion relief and road improve-
ments - just over $11 billion - and funding for 
public transportation - $4 billion - adequately 
represents both sides of the private/public trans-
portation debate without facrificing either. It 
also provides funding for ~ing pollution 

[ PlOP 11, PIP 7 J 

WHY WE SUPPORT IT: 
The state's transP-Ortation infrastructure 
is in dire need of proper maintenance . 

ILLUSTRATIONS BY RicHARD I'I-tAM/CUIIIIDIJlN 

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Associated Students. 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3D, 2006 

NO PROP. Ie 
WHAT IT DOES: 
Creates $2.8 billion in bonds for 
development and homeownership 
programs. 
WHY WE OPPOSE IT: 
For the money'. Ie's hous ing 
programs are ill-defined. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

YES PROP. ID 
WHAT IT DOES: 
Issues a $10.4 billion bond to be used in K-12 
and college facilities repair and construction. 

WHY WE SUPPORT IT: 
California's education facilities are in poor shape 
and desperately need the cash . 

H ousing for the poor and emergency shelters for groups such as bat-tered women have always been touchy issues, and should be addressed _ in a fiscally responsible, realistic manner - thus, Proposition IC is 
not the answer. The initialive adds $3 biUion in new state government debt and 
will do little to help low-income California families afford hOUSing. 

W hen it comes to education, fiscal liberalism is an easy sell. Investment in today's class-rooms will allow us to reap the rewards of 
economic success in the future . Spending correctly, 
however, has made Proposition ) D's passage more 
contentious. 

When the state buys bonds, California taxpayers pay back the money to the 
tune of about $2 for every $) spent. Another governmen.t housing program 
will spend too much money on bureaucracy, making it difficult for every fam -
ily that needs the money to actually obtain it. Also, hidden in the proposition 
- designed 10 create affordable hOUSing and help seniors and the disabled pay 
for their own homes - is an ineievant $400 million project to improve parks 
across the state. 

If we're going to add more debt to California's credit cards, it shouJd be 
for a well-planned and well-written measure, which this proposition is not. 
ResponSible voters should vote no on Proposition 1 C. 

Overal l, Proposition ID will repair 31,000 class-
rooms and build 9,500 new classrooms. The University 
of California, specifically, would receive a much-
needed windfall of cash with Proposition 10, which 
would provide $890 million to the system. (UCSD 
would get about $94.5 million from the bond.) The 
university's facilities, along with those of its sister 
systems, California State University and California 
Community College systems, are fading in terms of 
technology and architecture. 

WHAT JT DOES: 
Enacts harsher punishments for sex 
offenders, including lifetime GPS 
tracking. 

WHY WE OPPOSE IT: 
Despite a handful of good points, 
the measure is wildly unrealistic . 

A lthough increasing punishments for sex offenders is a worthwhile goal, the supporters of Proposition 83 have chosen a faulty vehicle. 
Aside from the potentially constitutional issue of 

lifetime G PS tracking. the measure has several flaws 
that prevent this board from endorsing it. Most impor-
tantly, the proposition prevents registered sex offenders 
- including those who have not molested children 
- from living within 2,000 feet of any school or park, 
essentially forcing them to relocate to more rural and 
suburban areas, which generally have less policing 
ability because of smaller programs with fewer staff 
and less funding. or into homelessness. Data also 
demonstrate that the vast majority of child sex offend-
ers molest children who are known to them person-
ally, usually a family member or friend, not strangers. 
Under the measure, communities are also allowed to 
set further boundary restrictions, pushing past offend-
ers into even smaller areas. 

Proposition 83 wouJd also have unknown fis-
cal effects up to several hundred million doUars per 

[ PROP 83, page 7] 

WHAT IT DOES: 
Requires parental notification of a 
minor abortion 48 hours before the 
procedure can be perfonned. 

WHY WE OPPOSE IT: 
This measure wasn't worth support-
ing in 2005 and its potential effects 
haven't changed. 

-

OPINIONS 

Opponenls of Proposition 10 contend that the 
initialive is needlessly careless, fo rcing California _ 
into a deeper budget hole. Critics are instead advo-
cating more efficient use of existing facilities. But 
some necessities go beyond improvement, including 
roofs and bathrooms that don't leak, two problems 
that have become an unfortunate staple in alifornia 
classrooms. 

Budgetary responsibility is key here, and the colos-
sal fmancial scope of Proposition 10 could easily lead 
to slapdash spending. But withholding much-needed 
funds from California's ailing education system in the 
name of caution is sinful. 

P roposition 85, a measure nearly identical to 2005's failed Proposition 73, is back, another attempt al changing the California constitution 
to require parental notification 48 hours before a minor 
can receive an abortion unless she receives a judicial 
waiver. This year, supporters have attempted to soften 
the political controversy of the initiative by removing 
the language defining a fetus as an "unborn child~ 
but the measure remains part of a broader attempt to 
restrict reproductive rights. 

This obstacle to a safe, legal abortion wouJd only 
increase the risk of physical harm to any California teen 
seeking one. Most pregnant teenagers, around 70 per-
cent, according to researchers from UC San Fran.cisco, 
already involve their parents in decisions about their 
pregnancies (even more involve some trusted adult). 
Teens who don't may have an important reason, includ-
ing abuse in the home or extremely anti-abortion 
parents whose notification wouJd effeclively resuJt in a 
consent requirement. Notably, Proposition 85 provides 
protection to minors who are coerced into having an 

[ PROP 85, page 7 1 



6 OPINION 

WHAT IT DOES: 
Raises the excise tax on cigarettes by $2.60 a pack; 
provides $2 billion for vanous health services. 
WHY WE OPPOSE IT: 
A ta hike is unlikely to discourage smoking; the bill 
al 0 lacks spending guarantees; too many nders. 

C omc November, California voters should grind Proposition 86 into the ground like a dying ciga-rette butt. Although a tax that goes toward such 
C3U. es as helping kids stop moking and improving the 
state health care system seems noble, any voter who reads 
between the lines can see that it is a loophole- ridden, 
bureaucratic attempt at regulating tobacco that ends up 
feeding special intere ts. 

Although evidence shows that increasing the cost of 
cigarettes prevents people from beginning to smoke, espe-
cially people with low discretionary incomes like children, 
the prohibitively expensive $2.60 tax is unlikely to result in 
vast numbers of quitters, especially since nicotine has been 
proven extremely addictive - in fact, the measure unfairly 
targets this often-scapegoated population. 

Perhaps the most negative aspect of Proposition 86, 

WHAT IT DOES: 
Taxes Slate oil production to fund 
a variety of alternative energy 
programs. 

WHY WE OPPOSE IT: 
The lax will encourage more oil 
imp0 rls instead of discouraging 
petroleum use. 

THE UCSO GUARDIAN 

however, is the fact that it will increase crime and mug-
gling - from both Mexico and states bordering California 
- because such a huge price in crease would create an 
increased black-market demand for cheap tobacco. 

Although some of the funding would go to tobacco-use 
prevention programs and health insurance programs for 
children, the vast majority would be funneled to hospitals 
for emergency and trauma care - an important destina-
tion for funding. to be sure, but not something for which 
smokers alone should be forced to pay. Also, buried in the 
bill are prOvisions that allow hospitals to avoid antitrust 
laws under certain circumstances - ideas that might 
deserve more exploration, but do not belong in this mea-
sure. 

Backed by big-name star power - former President Bill Clinton appeared in a pro-87 TV spot, and Ben Affleck and Barack Obama have 
toured the state in support of the bill - Proposition . 
87 is being sold as part of a larger effort to reduce the 
use of petroleum. While it is a worthy goal, the bill is 
worked out in such a way that it will do very little to 
reduce demand. 

The meat of Proposition 87 is a 1.5 to 6 percent tax 
to be levied on California oil production, with the rate 
varying with the amount of oil produced in the state. 
The funds from this tax - between $225 million and 
$485 million, accord ing to the Legislative Analyst's 
Office - would be spent on research and production 
incentives for alternative energy sources, as well as 
energy-efficient technologies and alternative-energy 
vehicles. 

But instead of encouraging oil companies to gradu-
ally wean themselves from pelroleum, the tax pinch 
wi ll most likely end up puUing dollars from the aver-
age consumer's wallet. Proposition 87 tries to protect 

[ PROP 87, page 7) 

WHAT IT DOES: 
Establishes public funding for 
Rualified p01itical campaigns; 
limits some contributions. 

WHY WE OPPOSE IT: 
Singling out corporations to pay' 
for the measure IS wrong; special 
interests ~till too powerful. 

P roposition 89 has at its core a noble goal - public financing of campaigns - but the devil 
is in the details . Scaling the number 
of required signatures and dona-
tions to fit different positions also 
makes a lot of sense, with 25.000 
donations and signatures needed to 
get state money for a gubernatorial 
campaign and lower amounts for 
other political offices. 

While the idea of collecting 
$5 donations 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

burden is spread among aU groups 
that benefit from this reform. 

One of the proposition's spon-
sors is the California Nurses 
Association, which would be able to 
use its weight of numbers to ensure 
that candidates friendly to it would 
be able to get public funding almost 

automatically. 
and Signatures 
before a candi -
date can receive 
public financing 
is a good way to 
ensure that the 
candidate actually 
has a broad base 
of support, this 
can be exploited. 

reading the costs 
public financing 

will make sure that 

This drasti -
cally skews the 
way candidates 
would be able 
to gain money: 
Instead of 
appealing to 
many different 
groups to pro-
vide funding 
for campaigns, 
all a candidate 

The money 
for the financ-
ing would come 

no speciaI-interest 
group can control th~ 

elections?' 
exclusively as a tax 
increase on corporations and finan-
cial institutions, since California 
isn't losing enough businesses and 
jobs as it is. Singli ng out corpora-
tions isn't the only thing wrong with 
this bill - there's more. 

The public should actually 
finance public financing, which isn't 
what this proposition would do. 
Spreading the costs of public financ-
ing would make sure that no spe-
cial-interest group could control the 
elections, and would also ensure the 

would need to 
do is prom-

ise tlieir undying loyalty to a large 
union to gain the requisite amount 
of signatures and donations in order 
to unlock the large amounts of 
money from public financing. 
, Proposition 89 may not even 
be constitutional, since it would 
infringe on freedom of speech by 
limiting the amount that can be 
contributed to a political campaign, 
hence silencing some voices in favor 

[ PROP 89, page 7) 

Visit our Grad School pages at career.ucsd.edu 
• Get up to speed quickly at our workshops Lifo 

is calling ... • Schedule a personal advising session 
• learn about the Reference File Service 
• Take advantage of our essay critique service 
• Browse our extensive Resource library 
• Research degree programs online 

Upcoming Graduate School Programs 
How to Become a K-12 Teacher 
Wednesday· 11 /1 • 2p.m.-3p.m. 

Graduate Studies in Urban Studies and Planning 
Thursday· 11/2 • 3:30p_m.-4:30p.m. 

2006 Law School Information Fair (On Library Walk) 
Wednesday • 11/8 • 10:30a.m.- 2:30p.m. 

The Law School Experience: A Law Student Panel 
Wednesday • 11/8 • 3p.m.- 4:30p.m. 

Business School: Preparing" Applying 
Monday • 11/20 • 3p_m.- 4p_m. 

how+, J~r 
will you gO? 

Did you know that UCSD has a Peace Corps recruiting office located 
in the Career Services Center? Stop by one of our info sessions to 
learn about cu rrent job opportunities, benefits, and the ~eace Corps 
application process. Peace Corps volunteers are urgently needed 
in more than 70 countries for assignments in education, business, 
health, computer science, agriculture, and the environment. 

upcoming Peace Corps Info Sessions 
Tuesday • 10/31 • 11:30a.m.-lp.m. 
Tuesday • 11/14 • 11 :30a.m.-1 p.m. 

. Wednesday • 11/29 • 12p.m.-1 :30p.m. 
Wednesday • 12/6 • 3p.m.-4:30p.m. 

All programs h~ld at the Career Service .. Center unle .. s otherwise noted 
View our entire Fall Event .. Calendar at career.u(sd.edu I located on library Walk I 858.5343750 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

WHAT IT DOES: 
Prohibits use of eminent domain for anything 
but direct public use of property; redefmes 
"jUSt compensation." 

- WHY WE-oPPOSE IT: 
The law, while well-intended, would make even 
basic regulation prohibitively expensive. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

The authors of Proposition 90 mean well. But instead of reducing the abuse of eminent domain laws - the intent of the measure - the law 
would greatly complicate the process of regulation, and 
probably end up costing the state billions of dollars in 
lawsuits. 

project. It puts the burden of proof of public use on the 
government, ensuring that eminent domain will not be 
used lightly. Had the bill stopped there, it might have 
earned this board's endorsement. 

The proposition is a response to a 2005 U.S. Supreme 
Court decision that greatly expanded a government's 
ability to use its right of eminent domain - a govern-
ment's ability to seize private holdings for public use. 
The court ruled 5-4 that private land could be seized 
and turned over to private developers, greatly expanding 
the meaning of "public use" in such cases. 

Proposition 90 attempts to limit that broad power, 
prohibiting state and local governments from seizing 
or condemning private property to promote a private 

But Proposition 90 also has significant flaws. It 
defines "just compensation" in such a way that gov-
ernments might be liable for "theoretical" property 
value loss. For example, it might be argued that a 
commonplace zoning ordinance would lower property 
values, opening governments up to massive numbers 
of potential lawsuits . Such a definition would make 
many necessary zoning and environmental regulations 
almost impossible to implement, especially for smaller 
municipalities. 

While the idea behind Proposition 90 is a good one, 
the bill is a poor implementation. 

Transportation Infrastructure 
Desperately 'Needs IB Cash 

• PROP 1B, from page 4 
and improving port safety and secu-
rity, a critical concern for a state that 
houses two of the largest ports in the 
country. 

The funding will also be dis-
tributed fairly evenly across the 
state, making a true investment in 
the entire state's infrastructure as 
opposed to a few large cities, an 
important reason why the dollar 

amount of the bond needs to be 
large to accomplish such a goal. Since 
1990, voters have approved only $5 
billion in state bonds for transporta-
tion. which is one reason California 
has an estimated $l60-billion need 
for upgraded transportation and 
infrastructure. Proposition 1 B is an 
important step forward in rectify-
ing one of California's most pressing 
statewide problems. 

High-Cost Sex Offender Plan 
Preempts Incoming Laws 

• PROP 1:1, from page 5 
)aI' for the state, according to the 
Legislative Analyst's Office, as a 
result of an increased prison popu-
lation, building and staffing mental 
hospitals, court costs and lifetime 
GPS tracking for offenders. The 
increased GPS network demanded 
by the measUR, which would lump 
lower-risk and higher-risk offenders 
into the same group. would impose 
a formidable cost on the state. Even 
though the state would be allowed to 
recoup some cosbI from the offend-
ers, their ability to pay would likdy 
be significantly limited 

Prosecuton in Iowa. where leg-
islators passed a similar 2,000-foot 
boundary In 2001, are now ca1ling 
for the Rpftl of the measure. say-
ing that the faIae sense of security 
it has caused and the high COlt of 
implementation warrant replacing 

the law with "more effective protec-
tion measures:' 

Despite these flaws, the measure 
beneficially increases penalties, pro-
viding longer sentences for some sex 
offenses and prohibiting probation 
for others, including spousal rape, 
as well as fOCUSing more attention 
on habitual offenders. However, 
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and 
thel California state Legislature 
have already addressed many of 
these concerns in SB 1128 and SB 
1178, which accomplish most of 
the same things as Proposition 83 
with reduced state cost, including 
eliminating early release credits for 
habitual offenders and providing 
GPS tracking of high-risk offend-
ers, • more logical use of resources. 
FoUowing the enactment of this leg-
islation. Proposition 83 is expensive 
and unnecessary. 

Abortion Consent Law Still 
Does More Harm Than Good 
• PROP 85, from page 5 
abortion, but not those who are sub-
jected to force intended to prevent 
them from seeking one.. 

Judicial waivers do not 1essen 
these problems. The delay from pur-
suing even a successful waiver within 
an intimidating, confuaing system 
may result in more daJl8mlUI Iee-
ood-tenn abortions and \IIlIleCasar}' 
emotional and physical harm. -

Ahboup Proposition', 85', 
authors haw somewhat protectecl 
the Identity of tile minor in response 
to • negative ~n in 2005, the 
burden that the extensive reporting 
requirements would place upon doc-
ton and Judges remains. With the 
purported purpose <1 providing an 
annual repon on minor abortions 
to the public, the measure requires 
additional paperwork from doctors 
willins to perform abortions, whose 
number Is already limited The prop-
oeItion also attempts to hold JudIes 
In • political trip with publicly flled 

reports detailing the number of peti-
tions and their ru1ings - something 
anti-abortion activists could attempt 
to use for political gain In attacking 
Judga. who must face election in 
California. 

The California Supreme Court 
bas found -0YerWbeIJnini evidence" 
that IimJIar laws in other states are 
harmful. not beneficial, and many 
c.JifomjamccUcal groupsoppoae the 
meuure, sayIns It wiD caue delays in 
aiticaI medkII care. CaIilomiU teen 
prqpwq nR Is decIInlna without 
the exiatence of such • measure 
- incraIed IICCaI to ICl educa-
tion mel birth CODtrol are prawn 
effective mec::hanIsma for prnenl-
ing teens from teeIdng abortions. 
Supporters of Proposition 85, includ-
ing EvanselJcaIs for Social Action 
and the 'lhIditionaI Values Coalition. 
are dedicated to their l8lJ!Cr political 
goal of restricting access to abortion, 
not caring for the physical and emo-
tlonal safety of California teens. 

Tax ,on Oil 
Production 

Unreasonable 
• PROP 87, from page 6 
Californians from inflated gasoline 
prices by prohibiting oil producers 
from simply passing the extra costs 
on to consumers. But oil refineries 
face no such restriction, and rathe.r 
than discouraging oil consumption, 
the tax will simply encourage refm-
eries to import gasoline from out 
of state. 

Reducing both our dependence 
on petroleum and the amount of 
carbon dioxide we produce is an 
admirable idea, but PropOSition 87 is 
not the way to do it. If the state wants 
to use market (orca to redUce petro-
leum use, it should implement a "car-
bon tax" on carbon dioxide release, 
like the BTU tax Clinton proposed 
during his preSidency. Production-
based oil taxes simply won't work. 

Sorry, Willy. Ben. Barack: 
Californians should vote no on 
Proposition 87. 

State Needs 
Real Election 

Refonn, Not 89 
~ PROP 89, from page 6 
of making other voices louder. 

Even other unions, such as the 
California Teachers Association, 
find the proposition worrisome, 
unsure if the donation limits for 
individuals and groups apply ,to 
them. If the restrictions do apply, 
it would dramatically lower their 
voice of their union compared to 
otbers - probably a reason why the 
CTA is opposed to the proposition. 

Proposition 89 also does nothing 
to prevent wealthy candidates from 
using as much of their own money 
as they want in a public campaign . . 
This means a less wealthy candidate 
wbo manages to get public fmanc-
ing could still face an uphill battle 
running against a rich candidate 
who could outspend a public candi-
date many times over. 

This is one of the goals of public 
financing in political campaigns: to 
make sure that candidates aren't just 
wealthy Indivi4uals who want to 
maintain their own power. Without 
a provision to this effect, Proposition 
89 lacks teeth serious enough for 
real reform. 

While political fund raising des-
. perately needs reform, Proposition 
89 is not the answer. California 
needs to rework p-:>litical fundrais-
ing in a way tbat guarantees that 
the public, and not unions or any 
other special-interest groups, funds 
campaigns. 

OPINION 7 

Your 
Source for 

Transportation 
Information 

Parking Puts Cash in Your Pocket 
Annual permit holders can save money by parking in East 
Campus lots. Switch to the reduced-price parking program 
that allows parking in lots P7004, P70S and P782 and pay only 
$55/month for parking. Please note: 

• These permits do not provide cross-parking privileges in 
other UCSD parking areas and do not meet Carpool Club 
annual permit requirements. 

• A limited number of reduced-price permits will be sold 
on a first-come, first-served basis. 

• East Campus/Regents shuttles will operate year round for 
commuters' convenience. 

• Reduced-price permit holders may switch to another type 
of permit at any time. 

Act quickly if you want to take advantage of this money-
saving program. For more information about the reduced-
price parking program, contact the Campus Parking Office. 

Bicycle Breakfast 
Hillcrest cyclists can brake for the Bicycle Breakfast Thursday, 
November 2. from 7:30 to 9:30 a.m. on Dickinson Street Oust 
west of the hospital entrance)_ Rldeshare will provide free 
breakfast goodies and giveaways to our Pedal Club members 
and commuters who cycle as their primary mode of trans-
portation to UCSD. CycliSts can also register for a chance to 
win valuable gift cards. 

Want to join the Pedal Clubl Register your bicycle at 
the UCSD Bike Shop for $6. Then bring your UCSD 10, 
bicycle registration and vehicle registration to the Campus 
or Medical Center, Hillcrest Parking Office to become a 
Pedal Club member. Reap the rewards of great exercise 
and receive 10 complimentary days of parking per quarter 
to use on rainy days. 

ATTENTION UNIVERSITY CITY COMMUTERS: 
Please do not park in the La Jolla Village Center or La Jolla 
Village Square parking lots at the Villa La Jolla and Nobel 
Dliwlntersection unless you are conducting business there. 
UCSD and area businesses appreciate your cooperation. 

Rider Remarks 
"1'Wl been a Pedal Club member since I came to UCSD in 
1989.1 recently used the Aexcar program for the first time. 
This program' Is a fantastic benefit and I applaud UCSD for 
making it available;' -Peter Thomas, Director of Operations, 
GLOBAL CONNECT 

We want to know how UCSD commuters benefit from 
using sustainable transportation. Submit your Riders 
Remarks to rideshare@ucsd.edu. (Your remarks may be 
used for Rldeshare marketing purposes,) 

Campus Plrklng OffIce 
Level 2 d the GIlman Parking S1ructure on RUIMII Lane 

7 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. weekdays 
Permit Infonnatlon: (851' 5~223 

Rldesha,..lnfonnatIon: (8$8' 534- RIDE (7433, 
parklng.ucsd.edu 

AuXIliary Be Plant Services Marketing and Web Communications 

Transportation It Parking Services 



8 
CO TACT THE EDITOR 

Hanna amp 
focus@ucsdguardia n.org 

is using 

1'HE"GUARDIAN 

FOCUS 
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK 

ductors that involves the direct con -
version of sunlight into energy - to 
generate its power. 

Far away from view on the roof-
top of the building, there are two dif-
ferent systems being used to generate 
energy from solar power: a skyline 
and a solar quilt. The skyline is the 
large panel commonLy associated 
with solar technology, which is tilted 
and uses its angle to take in more 
sunlight while the solar quilt absorbs 
light by laying flat on the rooftop. 

"The skyline has been proven to 
be more efficient when comparing the 
two, although both are very impor-
tant for the project; said Dave Weil, 
director of Building Commissioning 
and Sustain ability for the project. 

With all the concern regarding 
American oil consumption, solar 
power is often hailed as one pos-

sible source of the 
renewable energy 
on which the 

will 
one day have to relr 

More and more people are becom-
ing aware of the fact that oil and natu -
ral ga es will evennla!ly run out, and 
that other sources for electricity must 
be taken into consideration . UCSD 
has won numerou s awards over the 
years for energy efficiency and is 
widely recognized as a leader in the 
implementation of green practices 
across all levels of campus operation. 
According to Weil, UCSD, like each 
of the UC campuses, is deeply inter-
ested in energy efficiency. 

In July 2003, the UC Board of 
Regents unanimously voted in favor 
of a Clean Energy and Green Building 
policy, which stated that 10 mega-
watts of renewable energy, equivalent 
to the power used by 5,000 homes, 
be installed across the system's 10 
campuses, with each campus generat-
ing a total of one megawatt. UCSD is 
currently in the process of drafting 
contract documents, forming what is 
called a Power Purchase Agreement, 
involving private investors in funding 
the solar eoergy project. 

"A federal bill was passed 

glVtng investors [a 1 30 
percent tax credit for solar ener-

g)';' Weil aid. "ThiS tax credit is a 
great incentIve for prIvate investors to 
fund solar energy projects:' 

The rationale for the tax incentive 
is that private interest in the project 
makes it a much more viable project. 
However, solar power does have its 
drawbacks, the two main problems 
being cost and efficiency. Currently, 
the price of installation is very high 
and the solar panel can only get 10 to 
15 percent of their solar energy con-
verted into electricity. The total cost 
of the Powell Solar Energy Project 
was $81 ,500. 

"Right now it would take . 20 
years to make that money back;' said 
physics professor Kim Griest, who 
teaches a class on energy and the 
environment. 

However, because the demand 
is increasing, the price is expected 
to decrease in the next 10 to 15 
years. Efficiency is also expected to 
increase. 

"The fuel is free; solar is 
clean and terrorist-proor. 

Griest said, emphasiz-
ing the fact that the 

sun is not owned 

GO FIGURE 

• Number of photovoltaic cells 
shipped domestically since 

1996 and used in the creation 
of solar energy. 

by anyone, unlike oil and natural 
gases the United States is receiving 
from foreign countries. Although 
solar energy currently has some dis-
advantages, it's expected to become 
more widely used in the years to 
come, due to continued technology 
and research. 

The Powell Solar Energy Project 
isn't the only plan for energy efficien-
cy on campus, and program coordi -
nators are trying hard to inform stu -
dents about methods to curb energy 
waste. 

"We want students to conserve 
and know that we're doing a lot and 
working on getting more renewable 
eoergy; Weil said. 

"Right now it's not in the con-
sciousness of the majority of the 
people," -Griest said. "If we want to 
live here, we have to take care of it," 
he said. 

TIM ETtER/GUARDIAN 

Traversing UeSD's Concrete Jungle 
By Alexandra tratfold-YOlmg 

CONTRIBUTING WRITER 

HoW many people walked out of the theater after "Spider-Man" or "Crouching Tiger, 
Hidden Dragon" and tried at 
least one litt le test leap off a wall? 
Frenchmen Sebastien Foucan and 
David Belle invented an entire sport 
based on making tho e litlle post -
movie flights of fancy into reality. 
. When the duo came up with the 
idea about 20 years ago, Foucan and 
Belle intended Parkour, the name 
of the sporl, to be a lifestyle as 

well as a discipline to combat nega -
tive energy. omeone who practices 
Parkour is ca lled a traceur, and hi s 
objective is to move as efficiently as 
possible from point A to point B. 

UCSD has its own group of stu-
dents and local resi dents who come 
to campus every weekend to prac -
tice Parkour, which 100 ely trans -
lates to "free running." The free run -
ning isn't on treadmills or around a 
track, though . Instead, it's done in 
areas with little free space and a lot 
of obstacles. The traceur's goal is to 
achieve fluidity of movement in the 
les -than -optimal environment. 

Athletes at Parkour practi c-
es, referred to as jams, work on 
aligning fitness of body and mind . 
Concentration and strength are 
critical, since scaling bUildings and 
practicing moves against concrete 
backdrops necessarily entails risk. 
The men on the team ensure their 
own safety by st rength training 
beforehand and exerci ing within 
their limits. 

"If you don't become stronger 
before you do this, then you're just 
going to crew yourself over, injure 

r PARKOUR page 9 I 

HYDIE CHEUNG/GUARDIAN 
Michel Barren demonstrates a maneuver cal/ed a "tall cat leap' in Earl Warren Col/ege at 
one of the UCSD Parkour group'sjarns, while fellow traceurs observe. 

... 

J 

MO~V, OCTOBER 30, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Students Find Freedom in Unusual Sport 
• PARKOUR, from page 8 
yourself, and not be able to practice 
anymore," Revelle CoUege senior 
and Parkour member Silverton 
Nguyen said . "You'd have to take, 
like, four months off because of a 
twisted ankle or something." 

Parkour groups are remarkably 
laid-back and lack hierarchy, adher-
ing to a philosophy expressed by 
co-creator Foucan: "no violence, no 
competition, no groups, no chiefs:' 

"There really is no reason to try 
to outdo each other because that 
can lead to dangerous stutr.' guyen 
said. 

Thurgood Marshall College soph-
omore Michael Barrett added hi own 
rationale for not turning the sport 
into a competition: "There's always 
someone on the Lnternet who can do 
way more than you can." 

The most interesting aspect of 
this discipline, however, is that new 
members learn by watching; nobody 
teaches them. Nguyen, who started 
the UCSD Parkour team with his 
friend, says that the most he'U ever do 
is make suggestions. 

"r don't train anyone at all; , 
just give people tips on what to do 
and what not to do," Nguyen said. 
"People just learn on their own. 
Anyone that's interested, they just 
come and join us. We don't really tTy 
to recruit anyone." 

The group does not have an 
established roster, either. "People 
come and go whenever they want;' 
Nguyen said. "It's the beginning of 
the year, so if people come more 
than twice r guess you could call 
that the core." 

Although Parkour requires high 
levels of concentration, strength and 
agility, practicioners consider the 
rewards well worth the effort. 

"It is one of the best workouts . I 
ever did; that's probably why I keep 
doing it," Nguyen said. 

HYDIE CHEUNG/GUARDIAN 
Parkour practitioner Adam Martin practices his moues on one wa/l of the 'Main Gym. The 
practices attempt to translate mental concentration into smooth kinestheties. 

Barrett commented along similar 
lines. "I've done a lot of sports in 
my life, so this is kind of the culmi -
nation of it," Barrett said. "AU the 
muscles are used here, and you get 
cardio, and you get strength train-
ing. I mainly did rock climbing and 
swimming and stuff. This puts them 
together." 

Keegan Gahbra, a freshman 

at Torrey Pines High School who 
comes to the UCSD jams, enjoys 
Parkour as a release. "If I'm having 
a bad day or something, I'll go out 
and do Parkour and it'll be my free -
dom," Gahbra said. 

Freedom seems to be the ope rat -
ing word in Parkour. The discipline's 
rules encourage the men to take 
advantage of every opportunity to 
develop their skills. Practice for 

Parkour members at times means 
doing things like jumping over the 
walls at Center Hall just to reach the 
drinking fountain . 

"It's fun to me;' said Juan Casiano, 
a sophomore at Mesa College who 
also attends jams. "I've always liked 
to come around and the way I see 
some of these guys move around 
anything, tbat gets me going. It's 
reaUy inspirational." 

, ' 4 WRITER? REALLY? 
THE - GUARDIAN GET AN APPLICATION TO WRITE FOR THE GUARDIAN AT 

WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 

Pursue your MASTER'S DEGREE 
at tile UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO 

The MFA in Writing 
The MFA in Writing program at the University of San Francisco offers its 
students an intimate experience in fiction, nonfiction and poetry. and culminates 
in a bOOk-length work. The MFA offers workshops and reading-based seminars 
that combine theory with practice. and writing with reading literature. The 
Program emphasizes issues in craft not only in the workshops. where student 
work is the focus , but also in the literary seminars. MFA students also enjoy the 
pleasures of San Francisco's position as a dynamic center of literary expression. 

Other Arts and Sciences Master's Programs: 
Asia Pacific Studies • Biology • Chemistry • Computer Science 
Economics • Environmental Management • Financial Analysis 
International and Development Economics • Internet Engineering 
Sport Management • Theology 

Detail.? Call 415.422.5135 or email asgrad@usfca.edu . 
Application or Infonnetion Packet? www.lIsfca.edu/grad/requestinfo 

Vilit th ... programs It www.usfca.edu/asgrad 
Visit OIlIer.,.. ..... "..-.It www .• lfca.edu,lgradul,e 

FOCUS 9 

DOlllillo's Deli-eel'S to U CSD! 
I GUARDIAN SPECIAL 13MEDIUMSl500 I I-topping 
I PIZZAS PLUS TAX 

L 

xp. I2/31/06 

Good on Hand Tossed and ThIn Crust Deep DIsh $1 Exlr • . S 1.99 Delivery Charge 

LA JOLLA{UCSD 
3211 Holiday Court 

(B5B)4S1.UCSD(Bl73) 
Hours: Sun.-Thurs. lOam- I am.Fri. & Sat. 10 am-2 am . 

•• 

tritonplus Charges for voice orders only please 
Order ONUNE at www.DominosSanDiego.com 

.J 

I 3251 Holiday (t. • across from EI Torito I 
I (858)~52-99~9 ' I L _______________________ ~ 

DlREtlORY OF OPPOR11JNITIES AT IJ[SD: 
Want to get involved at UCSD? -in student organizations/clubs, 

student government, community service, social action, 
internships? Don't know how to navigate the hundreds 
of opportunities and find the ones appropriate for you? 
See the MDirectory of Opportunitl.s~ link at http://I~od, 
uad.edu or contact _dc~nter@ucsd,edu 

PISlNRT TO lEDERSHIP: Check out the 
fall 2006 schedule of exciting workshops available on the ·PISSport to 

Leacl.rshlp~ program link at http:lnlod.ucsd.edu 

teaching tiP 0 g 
Superheroes don't always wear capes. 

onc. you compIeta your bKheIor's degree: 
Azusa Padfie University (APU) offers 26 opportunities 
at 7 convenient Southern Cal ifornia locations for 
you to become a teacher, counselor, coach, or 
administrator. And. because APU IS one of only 
five NCATE accredited California pnvate schools, 
you receive excellent preparation recognized by 
all 50 states and internationally. If you are not 
intereste.d In pursumg a degree in educatIOn. APU 
also offers numerous other master's and doctoral 
programs to help you accomplish your academic 
and career aspirations. 

To schedule a personal appointment or apply for 
an upcoming term: 
.. (800) TALK-APU or (626) 815-4570 
.... www.apu.eduleducationltlps 
... graduatecenterOapu.edu 

I. AZUSA NCFIC 
,. U N I V £ R SIT Y 

901 E. Alos\<! Ave . 
Azusa, CA 91702 



/ 

10 CAMPUS CALENDAR 

Powered by Ihe Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian 

MON OCT 30 
ACADEMIC 

Programs Abroad UKJlr-'and Infofmation 
S.ssion - Don't miss this opportunity to learn 
about the plethora of opportunities avail-
able to study in the UK and Ireland! Meet 
returnees eager to share their experiences 
of living and studying abroad. 2-3:30pm in 
the International Center Lounge. Contact: 
abroad@ucsd.edu or 534-1123 for more 
information. 

CAREER 
Interviewing to Win - At every level of your 
career, the job Interview can make or break 
an employer's decision to hire you. Our career 
advisor will share interviewing techniques 
that will help you start strong and be a win-
ner. Find out how to anticipate the questions 
you'll be asked and learn the best strategies 
for following up after your Interview. l1am-
12:30pm at the Career Services Center. 
McMaster Carr Recruiting Presentation -
This free company presentation will get you 
up to speed on upcoming job and internship 
opportunities, as well as the goals, current 
projects, and corporate culture at McMaster 
Carr. Learn more at career.ucsd.edu - click on . 
'On-Campus Interviewing." 5-6:3Opm in the 
Career Services Center Horizon Room. 
Intuit RKruitlng Presentation - This free 
company presentation will get you up to 
speed on upcoming job and internship 
opportunities, as well as the goals. current 
projects, and corporate culture at Intuit. 
Learn more at career.ucsd.edu - click on 
'On-Campus Interviewing." 7:3(}.9pm in the 
Career Services Center Horizon Room. 

LECTURE 
Jame. Clifford, Professor, History of 
Consciousness, UC Santa Cruz speaks on 
"First Arts' and Last Words: Making Sen .. 
of Tribal Things in Paris and Other PIaces.~ 
4pm, Atkinson Hall (Cal 1T2) Auditorium. 
Reception to follow. 

STUDENT ORGS 
The gentlemen of Sigma Nu fraternity will 
be hosting a (Inned food drive to raise 
money for the San Diego Food Bank. Please 
bring canned food to the Price Center Plaza, 
learn more about hunger, and get to know 
the men of Sigma Nu. They will be going out 
on Halloween to "Trick or Treat for Cans" in 
neighborhoods near campus to collect addi-
tional cans. For more information contact 
Robbie at: rwholmes@ucsd.edu 

RECREATION 
Round Table Pizza in the Price Center shows 
Monday Night Football, New England vs. 
Minnesota, beginning at 5:30pm. 
Singerlsongwriter Dustin ShN perlurrns at 
Roma Nights, 8-9pm at Espresso Roma in the 
Price Center Food Court. 

TUES OCT 31 
ACADEMIC 

Programs Abroad latin America Infofmation 
S.ssion - Surf in Costa Rica or climb the 
Andes in Chile! Experience the diverse 
cultures of Latin America and enrich your 
college experience while studying abroad! 
Financial Aid and scholarships available. 
2:3(}.4pm in the Intemational Center Lounge. 
Contact: abroad@ucsd.edu or 534-11 23 for 
more Infonmation. 

Programs Abroad Hong Kong/Slngapon 
Information s.ssIon - Come find out why so 
many students study abroad in Hong Kong 
and Singapore - you could be next! Don't 
miss this chance to learn about how YOU can 
study abroad! 2:3(}.4pm in the International 
Center Pavilion. Contact abroad@ucsd.edu 
or 534-1123 for more Information. 

ARTS 
Free Halloween screening of the silent film 
classic Phantom of tIM Opera. Music will be 
provided by Scott Paulson and the Teeny-

nny Pit Orchestra, and also featured will 
be special arias from mezzo-soprano Kristin 
Behrmann. 7pm, Geisel Library Seuss Room. 

CAREER 
On-Carnera Practlca Interviewing for Job 
5Mbn - Interviews playa key role In your 
search for a career position, and knowing 
what to say - and how to say it - can be 
tricky. In this small-group workshop,. you'll 
build your confidence by responding to real 
interview questions while being videotaped. 
Receive Immediate feedback from our career 
expert, learn by watching others, and get 
helpful tips from your peers. Pre-registration 
is required - please call 8S8.S34.3750 or stop 
by the Career Services Center to sign up. 
10am-12 Noon in the Career Services Center 
Conference Room. 
Peace Corps Info Session - The adventure of 
a lifetime is caillngi Peace Corps volunteers 
are urgently needed in more than 70 coun-
tries for assignments in education, business, 
health, computer science, agriculture, and 
the environment. Meet a returned volun-
teer and explore Job opportunities, benefits, 
and the Peace Corps application process. 
11 :3Oam-l pm at the Career Services Center. 

STUDENT ORGS 
The SIgma Nu (Inned food drive continues. 
Please bring canned food to the Price Center 
Plaza, tearn more about hunger, and get to 
know the men of Sigma Nu. We will be going 
out on Halloween to "Trick or Treat for Cans" 
in neighborhoods near campus to collect 
additional cans. For more information con-
tact Robbie at: rwholmeS@UCsd.edu 

RECREATION 
The Price Center Film Series presents TIM 
Descent, 6 & 9pm at the Price Center Theater, 
admission $3. 

SPECIAL EVENT 
UCSD Bookstore's traditional HlI~ 
Costume Contest - Enter If You Dare! See 
FEATURED box. 

WED NOV 1 
ACADEMIC 

JET (Japan Exchlnge Ind Teaching) 
Information SessIon - Are you interested 
in teaching English 1n Japan? Learn more 
about this unique program at our informa-
tion session. 4:30pm in the International 
Center Lounge. Contact: abroad@ucsd.edu 
or 534-1123 for more information. 

CAREER 
How to IIecoIIIe A K-12 Teacher - Many stu-
dents have considered teaching, but aren't 
sure what it takes to become a public school 
teacher. Our professional school advisor will 
walk you through the educational require-
ments, exams, and experience needed to 
become a credentialed California public 
school teacher.2-3pm at the Career Services 
Center. 
Questioning Carwr Transition Group for 
Ph.D. Students - This five-session group 
workshop (began Oct. 4) will help you think 
through the decision of whether an academ-
ic career or other career options may be best 
for you. In a confidential group environmen~ 
discuss how knowing your values, personal-
ity type, skills, and goals can help you take 
your next step. Participants must commit 
to all five sessions. 3:3(}'Spm, every other 
Wednesciay in the Career Services Center 
Conference Room. 
GI'MII Drum Jobs: a ...... on c.r-s In 
Sustainability - Want to make a difference 
while making a living? Sustainable careers 
combine innovation, social responsibility, 
and creativity across a variety of Industries 
to build a secure future for our planet. Come 
hear a panel of established professionals dis-
cuss career options In this Increasingly popu-
lar area, including business, policy advocacy, 
science and technology. 4-5:30pm at the 
Career Services Center. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Qlakomm Recruiting Pnsentatlon - This 
free company presentation will get you up 
to speed on upcoming job and internship 
opportunities, as well as the goals, current 
projects, and corporate culture at Quakomm. 
Learn more at career.ucsd.edu - click on ' On-
Campus Interviewing.' 11 am-l pm In the 
Career Services Center Horizon Room. 
Triage Consulting RKNiting PNsentation 
-This free company presentation will get you 
up to speed on upcoming job and Intern-
ship opportunities, as well as the goals, cur-
rent projects, and corporate culture at Triage 
Consulting. Learn more at career.ucsd.edu -
click on "On-Campus Interviewing." 7-S:3Opm 
in the Career Services Center Horizon Room. 

LECTURE 
Emergency Teach-In: When is the Bush 
Regime Taking tIM World? Why Must It Be 
Stopped? Speakers: Alex Landoo on the 
Mil itary Commissions Act of 2006, Carolyn 
Dessert on Planned Parenthood, Jessie 
Mills, Associate Professor, USD on Hurricane 
Katrina, Milton Saler , Biology Professor, 
UCSD on the suppression of science. S-Spm, 
Muir Biology Building, Rm. 1103. Sponsored 
by: PREP-UCSDandWCW-SD. 
Think outside, over, and under the box! 

En~1 Thinking: Creating Ind 
Sustaining I New Yenture, presented by 
SOlO and LEAD. 6-7pm, Price Center Gallery A. 

CAREER/SOCIAL EYENT 
TIM UCSD SodMy of WaIMn EngIn..s 
pNMIIb an Evening WIth Industry. FonnII 
DinMf and Ca,.., FM. Great food, an indus-
try speaker and Career Fair with 13 top engI-
neering companies. 6-9pm (Career Fair starts 
at 7) In the ERC Great Hall. Ptease RSVP for 
a seat with the company of your choice at 
ucsciswe.rsvp@gmail.com. You may submit a 
resume at ucsdswe.resumes@gmail.com. 

THURSNOV2 
ACADEMIC 

Work, lntamshlp.anclYoIunteer Information 
SessIon - Don't miss this important Infonma-
tion session to learn more about the various 
work, internship, and volunteer opportuni-
ties abreact 3-4:30pm in the International 
Center Pavilion. Contact: abroad{tucsd.edu 
or 534-1123 for more infonmation. 

CAREER 
Grlduate Study In Urban Studies and 
Planning - Discover where a graduate degree 
in urban studies and planning can take you! 
And out what admissions committees look 
for in appilcants,lnciuding academic require-
ments, letters, experience, and test scores 
and learn about various programs. 3:» 
4:30pm at the Career Services Center. 
KIewIt PacIfIc RecruitIng "-tatIon - This 
free company presentation will get you up 
to speed on upcoming job and internship 
opportunities, as well as the goals, current 
projects, and corporate culture at Mkresoft. 
Learn more at career.ucsci.edu - click on 
"On-Campus Interviewing." S:3(}' 7pm in the 
Career Services Center Horizon Room. 

LECTURE 
fbi for Success - Come meet a panel of 
phanmacists who will share their pith to 
pharmacy and answer all your questions 
about the wide array of opportunities open 
to pharmacists today! 6pm, Price Center San 
FranciscolSanta Cruz room. 

RECREATION 
Anbre plays a free concert at Porter's Pub, 
along with Kareya and Wondentruck. Doors 
open at 7pm, show begins at 7:30. 

FRI NOV 3 
ARTS 

UCSDTheatre and Dance presents TImberlake 
Wertenbaker's TIM Low '" the Nlghtlng.Ie, 
An epic, explosive joumey Inspired by the 
ancient Greek myth of Philomele, Nightingale 

To list a UCSD event on the Guardian Campus Calendar, go to 
www.ucsdguardian.org and link to "Calendar" Deadline: Wednesday, 4pm 

is a dynamic story about the power of words 
and the price of silence. In a conlslon of the 
beautiful and the grotesque, this powerful 
play exposes the horrors of war,lust and loss. 
Spm, Mandell WI!Iss Forum. Students $10, 
UCSD s~ff and faculty $12, GA $15. 

CAREER 
Washington internship I'rogrMI RecruItIng 
I'resentatIon - This free company presenta-
tion win get you up to speed on upcoming 
job and intemship opportunities, as well as 
the goals, current projects, and corporate 
culture at Progressive Insurance. Learn more 
at career.ucsd.edu - clkk on "On-Campus 
Interviewing." 11 :30am-l pm In the Career 
Services Center Horizon Room. 

RECREATION 
2nd Annual SIxth College IdoII 'iot what 
it takes to be the next Sixth College Idol? 
Sign-up fonms located at sixth.ucsd.edu or 
the Sixth College Hub. Today Is the deadline 
to sign up. Sixth College Idol will take place 
Friday, November 16th at 7:30pm in the Sixth 
College Lodge. Contact gmalli~sci.edu for 
information. 

TIM F-12 Free ~ series presents TIM 
KftMhIghs, 12 Noon at Porter's Pub in the 
Student Center. 

SAT NOV 4 
ARTS 

UCSD Theatre and Dance presents TImberlake 
Wertenbaker's TIM lAIn '" the NIghtingale. 
2 a. 8pm, Mandell Weiss Forum. Students S 1 0, 
UCSD staff and faculty S 12, GA $15. 

RECREATION 
The Price Center Film Series presents 
T ...... NIghts with Win Ferrell. 6 & 9pm, 
admission $3. 

SUN NOV 5 
SPORTS 

UCSO Men's • Women's Cnw -.-. In 
tIM Sail DIego Fl. Classic. beginning at 
7am at Mission Bay Aquatic Center, Santa 
Clara Point. 

WEEKLY 
CAREER 

On-Campus Intervl_lng with Top 
Em~ Oct. 16-Ncw. 17 - Looking for a 
full-time career position or high-level Intern-
ship? Industry-leading employers recruit 
at the Career Services Center throughout 
the year for positions outside of our regu-
lar listings. Log on to http-Jlcareer.ucsd.edu 
and dkk on 'On-Campus Interviewing" to 
learn about the companies and submit your 
resume for upcoming Interviews. Current 
resume deadlines Indude: 10/30 for San 
DIego Gas & Electric, Stockamp a. Associates; 
10/31 for Hewlett Packard; 1112 for Triage 
Consulting Group, Golden Eagle Insurance, 
and Johnson a. Johnson; Il lS for City of Los 
Angeles Dept of Building & Safety, Wellpoinl, 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

and Fair Issac; 11/6 for Abercrombie a. Fitch. 

CLUBS 
UCSD Lang..... Connnation Tlbles 
- Bringing together native speakers a. lan-
guage learners for infonmal conversation In 
OVI'r 25 foreign languages. Everyone's wel-
come to join, even beginnersl Meetings at 
Cafe Ventanas, Weeks 2-10. For information 
on specifK times & languages, visit http:// 
ihouse.ucsd.edu/calendar.asp 

HEALTH 
STUDENT HEALTH Is open to ALL registered 
students, regMdless of health InSUfince 
Status. Appointments can be scheduled 
online at http-J/studenthealth.ucsd.edu or 
call 534-8089. Same-day appointment for 
urgent needs; walk-in Urgent Care If you 
need Immediate can! (some access fees 
apply). Hours: weekdays Sam-4:3Opm (Weds. 
9-4:3Opm). 
Check V- ChoIestaroI - Screening Is per-
fonmed using the PCS CardloChek Analyzer, 
and requires a self-administered finger stick. 
This test measures your Total Cholesterol, 
HOL.LDl and Trlglycerldes, and requires fast-
Ing for at least 12 hours before the screening. 
Immediate results! $15.00 fee - sign up online 
at: http-J/studenthealth.ucsd.edu - under 
"Health Education" 

FlTstop at RIMAC- Evaluate your relative 
fitness levels - Set goals & measure your 
Progress. Trained Student Health Advocates 
test your: Body Fat Composition, Grip 
Strength, Step Test Recovery Rate, Blood 
Pressure, Resting Heart Rate.A Free service 
for all UCSD students. Walk In to RIMAC 
Weliness Room any Moo or Wed 7-9pm. 
,.., WucatIan .......... are provided by 
Student Health Advocates on Nutrition, HIY, 
Fitness. Stress, Sexual Health & other topics 
at your res hall or student erg meetlngsl Call 
534-1824 for Info on these FREE programsl 
Men's CInk • Student HNIth - Routine 
mate exams, STD checks, etc - NO appt need-
ed - walk In Tuesday mornings at 9-.3Oam 
- Student Health Conference Room '142. 
More Info? 858-534-1824. 
Annual exams, STD tests, birth control, ECP, 
and health education all at Student HHIth. 
Appts online at http-J/studenthealth.ucsd. 
edu or call 534-8089. Completely confiden-
tial, always. 

~ HIY Testing • Stud.nt Health 
walk in. no appt needed. Daysltlmes list-
ed at http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu under 
"Health Education: $10.00 charge Includes 
pre- and post-<ounsellng with a peer edu-
cator. Questions? Call a Health Educator @ 
534-1824. 
Nutrition c-seling Is available for stu-
dents at Student Health Service. One-on-one 
appt. with a Registered DietItian or Dietetic 
Intern Includes a three-day computerized 
analysis of your diet. Make your appointment 
online at http-J/studenthealth.ucsd.edu or 
call (858) 534-8089. 

MONDAV, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

SITE SEEN I 
THE WHALEY-
---HOUSE 

The Whaley House has been the destination of intrepid explorers, willing to traverse the realm of the 
paranormal, for years. Built in 1857, it is 
considered to be one of the most historically 
significant houses in San Diego, and one of 
the most haunted houses in America. It was 
originally the Whaley family residence, but 
has since served as San Diego's first theater, 
the county courthouse and the Whaley and 
Crosthwaite General Store. 

In its 1 SO years of existence, the house 
has accumulated quite a retinue of ghostly 
inhabitants. Before the house's construction, 
James Robinson - or ·Yankee Jim" - was 
hanged on the plot of the land over which 
the house was built. Thomas Whaley, the 
original owner, reported hearing heavy 
footsteps and decided it was Robinson's 
ghost. Tourists have also reported seeing a 
little girl who reportedly broke her neck on 
a clothesline by accident while playing with 
the Whaley children, a spotted dog that may 
be Dolly Varden, the Whaley's terrier, and 
even Thomas Whaley himself. 

Don't let experiences with the Haunted 
Mansion at Disneyland fool you; this house 
is the real thing. Behind its white-paneled 
exterior lies a long history of ghosts and 
haunting with dozens of tourguides willing 
to affirm its validity. 

- Matthew Leavitt 
ASSOCIATE Focus EDITOR 

2476 San Diego Avenue 
San Diego, CA, 92110 

SPECIAL 
EGG DONOR 

NEEDED 
Preferred Donor will meet the following criteria: 

Height ApproXimately 5'9 or Taller 

Causasian 

S.A.T. Score Around 1275 or High A.CT. 

College Student or Graduate Under 30 

Athletic 

No Genetic Medical Issues 

COMPENSATION $80,000 
Paid to you and/or the charity of your choice 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

SANH LUONC/GU.oI'W'.oI'" 

All related expenses will be paid in addition to your compensation 

(Extra compensation available fOT someone who might be 
espeCially gifted in athletics , science/mathematics or music) 

For more infonnalion or to obtain an application please contact 
Michelle at the law Offices (866) 330-6036 or email 

Donorinfo@pacbell.net 

·This ad is being placed for a particular client and is not soliciling eggs for a donor bank. 

FOCUS 11 

Need Extra Cash/or the Holidays? 

• Meeters & Greeters 
• Dishers 

It's possible to cover everyone on your 
list and more working at HEPCat! 

HEPCat has tons of temporary 
part-time positions for: 
• Bussers 
• Chefs/Cooks 
• Housekeepers and 
much more!! 

We provide training and advancement in the Hospitality Industry! 
Daily & Weekly Pay! Work Today, Get Paid Tomorrow! Flexible 
Work Schedules! Group interviews! Open House take place on; 

Mondays thru Thursdays at 10:30 am, 1:30 pm & 4:30 pm SHARP! 
Se Habla Espanol! 

Apply Today, Start Tomorrow! 814 Morena Boulevard, 
Suite 210-San Diego, call (888)472-1829!! www.HEPCat.jobs 

Since 1962 

7442 Girard Avenue, La JollI, Cellfomll 
www.lllo1l1mutlc.com ~337S 

Private Lessons in Our Strulws 
GuiIIJrs by Taylor, Washburn, Stllflick - Harps by Lyon & Healy 

BaruJ & Orcheslrrlinstruments by Glaesel, Selmer, Yamaha 
Slreet Mwic - Classical, Jou, PopulJu, & Methods 

Instnuflents from Around Tlu World 

PIZZA 
(oupon on 

p.15 

--



'1 

12 CLASSIFIEDS 

IF YOU LIST IT 
THEYW'lLCOME 

. '" . 

'.' 1i 
THE"~(CUARD!AN CLASSIFIEDS 

EVENTS 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

THE~GUARDIAN 
CLASSIFIEDS 

The UCSD G .... rdilln reserves the right to classify. edit, delete offensive words and ph.rses. 
andl or refuse any and all advertisements without prior notification. The Advertiser will not 
hold the GlHNdlon liable for any claims resulting from the publication of the advertisement. 
The publisher will also not be held accountable for any claim from an agreement made 
between the advertiser and the consumer. 

Copy should be reviewed by the advertiser for errors. In order to be corrected in the next 
regular issue, all errors must be reported by the corresponding deadline. Credit will only be 
given for the incorrect portion of the advertisement. Ther.e are no refunds for cancellations. 
PI.ase send all corr •• po ..... nce regarding CI ... lfleds to: 
UC5D Guardian, Attn: Classifieds, 9500 Gilman Drive '0316, La Jolla, CA 92093. 
Actual local Ion: Stud.nt Center A, Room 217. 

Classified LINE 
AD Rates 

Students: $5 p .... 20 __ 
Faculty & Staff: $7.50 per 20 __ 

All others: $11 per 20 wards 
Advance payment is required 

Classified DISPLAY 
AD Rates 

510.00 per column Inch 
Dudllnes: 

Publ""tlon Oat. Display Ads and L"", Ads 
,.."." 4p!:, Mon (1 will 
Thursday 4pm T10urs (1 will 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

ROOMMATES 
Need a Roommate? Check out San 
Diego's own SDRoomie.com. Free to 
Post! (11/2) 

FOR RENT 
Tired of living under the sink with 
your cousin Iggy? Check this space for 
an apartment near the campus, bus 
stops. etc. We're talkin' the Guardian 
Classifieds under "For Rent:' (10/30) 

The GUlrdian won't rip down your fly-
ers! Do you have something to tell 
UCSD? You don't need to plaster flyers 
all over the Price Center and watch 
them get torn down or covered over 
in minutes. Dig deep and cough up 
the 5 bucks and let the Guardian clas-
sifieds do all the work. That's 20,000 of 
your damn flyers in one weekl That's 
right baby, both in the paper and on 
line at ucsdguardian.org. Pay for 2 
issues and we'll match with 2 more 
until October 30, 2006. Check ucs-
dguardian.org for easy instructions 
or just call us @ B58 534-3466. Gitter 
done. (10/30) 

email: adsucsdguardian@yahoo.com • Classifieds online at www.ucsdguardian.org 

That was no typo ... we are looking for 
'fiends." Get down in costume to the 
Price Center tomorrow morn at 11 :30 
and enter the Bookstore's Halloween 
Costume Contest. There's some great 

Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive 
brand new cars with ads placed On 
them. www.DriveAdCars.com (11/30) 

~ .. sa:.. ~ ISIICIllllIIr 
............ , .. , 

~ Fl .... ... 
~" ....... .. 

........ 
Immediate openings In our stores in La 

Jolla, Fashion Valley, or the Del Mar 
Highlands. Retail experience or 

experience with children preferred. 
Part-tlme/fiexible hours. Apply in 

person or call the location nearest you. 

GEPPETrD'S 
La Jolla 7850 Girard Ave. 858-456-4441 
F .. hion Vall.y Del Mar Hlghl." 
619-294-8878 858-350-9038 

prizes to be had! (10/30) MATSUWAGA - The Fine Japanese 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Why are you sitting there reading this 
rag when a free slice awaits? It's not 
at Sal's Famous, it's closer, at Regents 
Pineria on Regents Park Row. Clip the 
coupon on page 15 - it's al) that, New 
Yawk style. (10/30) 

I 

EMPLOYMENT 
Mystery Shoppers. Earn upto$lS0/day. 
Experience not required. Undercover 
shoppers needed to judge retail and 
dining establishments. Call 800-722-
4791. (11/30) 

Restaurant in Del Mar is looking for 
a part time waitress. For Lunch: 10:30 
am to 2:30 Mon thru Fri.; For Dinner: 
4: 15 pm to 9:30 Mon thru Sat. Part 
TIme: Minimum of 2 days on either 
Lunch or Dinner. Call Manager: (858) 
204-4831 bet. 10 am to 4 pm, Mon-
Sat. (11/16) 

Teach fun Afterschool Enrichment 
Programs weekday afternoons. $20-
30 per one hour class. Apply online. 
www.madscience.org/sandiego or 
call 858-505-4880. (11/6) 

Excellent Italian & English word pro-
gram keyboarding skills required. Part-
time flexible hours. Augusto 858-459-

Students 
Fly Cheaper 

Sample Roundtrip Airfares From San Diego to: 

San Luis Oblspo$151 Pari. $395 
W •• hlngton $246 Bologna $420 

$257 Melboume 

• C :. StudentUniverse.com 

2361. angeluccldevelopment@msn. 
com. (10/30) 

Part-time nanny or many, M-F, for 
infant & German Shepard. Flexible 
hours, days. Near UCSD. (619) 846-
6649. (10/30) 

Hospitality staffing agency seek-
ing experienced SERVER/BAN9UET 
SERVERS. Part-time and weekend 
availability. Call (619) 238-5745. 
(l1/B) 

A+SuBS 
Preschool substitutes, 
aides & teachers. All 

areas, full time, flexible 
part time hours. 

$850-$1050 hour~ 
C~II Jacki 

(858)565·2144 

Growing Family First Foto has 
an opening for a Sales / Service 
Representative to take babies' first 
photos and sell photo packages at 
Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla. 
Previous Sales expo preferred. Photo 
expo not necessary; pd training pro-
vided. Must be comfortable handling 

ACROSS 
1 Try out 
5 Blackthorn 
9 Diameter halves 
14 Machu Piechu honcho 
1S Getword 
16 Right to the penny 
17 Quick step 
18 Hostile to 
19 Cunning trickery 
20 Gels tough 
23 Architectural add-on 
24 Singer Redding 
2S Warship assemblage 
28 Twofold 
29 Extend an invitation to 
30 Place for three men? 
31 Beloved 01 Daphnis 
34 Bro's sibling 
35 Triangle ratio 
36 8awlsout 
4()' Aware 01 
41 , Horse's morsel 
42 Wall clirrtJers 
43 Aesop's industrious insect 
44 See from afar 
45 Word breaker 
47 Taiwan capital 
49 Polly, to Tom Sawyer 
50 Call for help 
53 Drives hard 
56 'The Waste land" poet 
58 Be sore 
59 Serious Haw 
60 Good judgment 
61 Stadium level 
62 Uniform 
63 Beeped 
64 Irish Republ ic 
6S Social misfit 

DOWN 
1 Proof of ownership 
2 Sign up: var 
3 Gloomy frown 
4 London sallery 
S Cascade Range mount 
6 Lesuminous plant 
7 ExpletiVe! 
8 One 01 HOMfS 
9 Make<N~ 
10 Fonda_I truth 
11 SpoIled dog 
12 Rink surface 
13 _ now or neverl 
21 Rake> 

newborns. PT hrs, Sun. Mon., Tues., 
Wed., and Thur. apply online at www. , 
growlngfamily.com/ opportunities/ 
msr.asp or email resumes to mailto: 
west@growingfamily.com or fax to 1-
800-33B-7120. EOE (10/30) 

TUTORS 
needed in most subjects. 

Call the Tutoring Network 
858-NET·WORK [858-638·9675) 

FOR SALE 

AFFORDABLE 
LIVIN 

STUDENT 
HOUSING IN 
LA JOlLA-
STARTING 

FROM THE lOW 
S400,OOOs. 

'Di~GuARDIAN CLASSIFIEDS 
Futon Sofa bed only $259: Home 

Student wanted for part-time sub- furniture & home decor for sale. 
stantive work in Sorrento Valley Law Everything 50-70% OFF retail. 
Office specializing in plaintiff's civil 
rights in employment. Duties will 
include writing I~tters, analyzing doc-
uments, organizing and ass~mbling 
court filings, proof-reading, delivering 
documents to court as well as copy-
ing, filing, etc. Fax letter of interest or 
resume to 8S8-552-4904. (11 /2) 

Take it from me, Ben Foulks, the place 
to advertise for a child technician is 
the Guardian Classifieds under ~hild 
Care.' Now, who wants to take care of 
this situation going on in my shorts? 
(10/30) 

EverythingHomeDiscount.com. B58-
271 -8068. (10/30) 

1 bd 1 ba condo, take over pay-
ments. No-qualifying. Garage, pool, 
laundry. Payments include tax and 
HOA - no agents. 619-885-9824. 
alimission@yahoo.com . (1 0/30) 

WANTED 
Volunteers paid $45 for an interview. If 
you are entirely of Chinese, Japanese, 
or Korean descent, age 21-26, call 
858-552-8585 x5S90. (11/30) 

What do you want? Say it in 20 words, 
drop ~ five in our office and you're in 

CROSSWORD 

22 Low-voiced singers 
26 Ninny 
27 Aids In crime 
26 Extinct bird 
29 8roodc.$1 
31 Zagreb resident 
32 Coloring agent 
33 T~lis pallem 
34 TV unit 
35 Hubbub 
37 Subject matter 
38 Hooe chow 
39 8uilt like H""'fl'Y Dumpty 
-44 In a chair 

45 Religious reIonner Martin 
46 "Where are you?" reply 
48 Ordinary writing 
49 Computef language "d. 
50 Push roughly 
51 T.nk~ 
52 Go through an allowance 
54 Writer Wilhelm 
55 _ will you ever leam! 
56 6th...,.., 
57 P ....... I spot 

Find crossword 6r solutions al 
www.ucsdguardlmt.orgcronword 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

the Guardian Classifieds. (10/30) 

EGG DONORS 
NEEDEDI 

Healthy females ages 18-30 
Donate to infertile couples 

some of the many eggs your 
body disposes monthly 

COMPENSATIOtI $8,000 
Call ReprodudiYe Solutions 

now 818·83Z·1494 

SERVICES 

Fully Equipped 
Hourly ReII .. ,.., Studios ••• 

• 5 Piece Drum Kit • Bass Amp 
High H.~ Crash & Ride 

• 2 Guitar Half Staclcs • PA. Mics 
... Juat .,.. \'our 1.....,,--, ca ....... DnlMStIcb 

---_ ... --
--.... -

77U __ OlIVE, SUItE A • __ 
COllI (au) ...... 11 ... -. 
-... ,., .......... .... 

TENNIS AT NOON. Certified Pro can 
work with you or your group at 
the Muir Courts. Call 619 787-5475. 
(10/30) 

PILATES MAT CLASSES 
IN PB . First class FREE! 
Call Claire at 760·402·8225 

for more information or go to 
www.rootsofmovement.org 

Pregnant or know someone who is? 
You don't have to be alone. We want 
to help. Call our 24 hour confidential 
hotline at 1-800-NO-ABORT or visit 
our website www.lifecall.org. (11/30) 

GUITAR LESSONS. Highly qualified, 
friendly, patient teacher offering les-
sons near UCSD. Mention this ad for 5 
lessons for $100. Call (858) 366-348S. 
(1116) 

DUI? MIP? DRUG CHARGE? CALL A 
FORMER PROSECUTOR TO DEFEND 
YOU! AFFORDABLE RATES AND 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS. LAZO LAW 
CENTER. (619) 59S-3157 (11/30) 

PERSONALS 
GUlrdiln Movie TRIVIA (expanded 
edition): Well Triton Nation, Wing 
nailed the Con Air quote, "don't get 
all wounded knee on me· so here's his 
lengthy offering. Remember, when it 
·comes to Guardian Trivia, google is for 
the weak. Firstto email mfoulks@ucsd. 
edu with the correct movie title wins 
Quote Master honors next week. So, 
here goes: "The truth is that there is 
something terribly wrong with this 
country, isn't there? If you look about, 
you witness cruelty, injustice and des-
potism. But what do you do about it? 
What can you do?... and the reason 
that I am here; to remind you that it 
is individuals who always hold the 
power. The real power. Individuals like 
me. And individuals like you." (10/30) 

Investigators believe that wild pigs 
may have spread bacteria onto a 
California spinach field, causing an 
outbreak that made hundreds of peo-
pie ill and caused a nationwide scare. 
When asked for comment, one wild 
pig replied 'Hey Popeye, hows about 
you and I open up a big 01' can of'who 
cares?' Now don't let the mud hit ya 
on the backside." (1 0/30) 

Programming note: The most famous 
bong in the history of the UCSD cam-
pus will grant an exclusive interview 
on the Larry King show this Tuesday 
evening. (10/30) 

,-----------

: BRENDAAnAMS 
I 
I 
I 
I 

at ALEX'S SALOl 

50 
:OFF* 
I HJ' I .n.aJrcut, reg. $40 
I ""Up dOor Makeup, reg. ~5 
I ""Coloror Foil HiLites, rq.$8s I and up 0" ",.,.f.f.f. 
I c • .,." ""~ witt ",.~, •• ". 
I 8915 Towne Center Drive 
I San Diego, CA 92122 
I 151.229.4157 L __________ _ 

Al'ree Movie, Hyperactive 
Cyclists Meetings, Halloween 

Carnlvores,-Something Optometric 
Something, and rockin Fall Social 

that might have something to do with Ocean 

View Terrace. Not sure ... 

If only these people coughed up the $5 to tell It to the 
Guardian, we'd have better Intel for youl Have an event? 
Email adsucsdguardlanOyahoo.com and ask for the 2 for 

1 deal. Then your event will have 20,000 flyers both 
online and In print to all six colleges. 

THE UCSD GUARDIAN CLASSIFIEDS 13 

Robert Pennock Convocation 
((The Ground RuleJ of Science: 

Why the Judge Ruled 
InteLligent Duign 

Creatwnum Out of Court n 
The Convocation is open to the public. 
Philosopher and scientist Robert T. Pennock 
discusses the creationist movement, a stormy 
topic from schoolhouse to courtroom, during a 
Convocation on Intelligent Design Creationism. 

He is the author ToU'eroj Babel: The Ef,iJence 
A.9aill<lt the New Crea.twllIdm, which has been 
positively reviewed in more than 50 publications, 
both scientific and religious. "The New York 

Review of Books" called it "the best book on creationism in all its guises." In 
addition, in September 2005, Dr. Pennock was called as an expert witness in 
"Kitzmiller et al V. Dover Area School Board." The suit tested the constitutionality 
of a policy that allowed the teaching of intelligent design creationism in a public 
school. 

Open to the public! 
This event is sponsored by the Council of Provosts, Sixth College, the Helen 
Edison Lecture Series, the Division of Biological Sciences, Calit2 and the Sixth 
College Student Council. 

T~esday, November 14th, 2006 
at 7:00pm at the Rimae Arena, UCSD 

For more information, visit /'ttp://Ji:J:u,.u.c.HJ.e;Ju 



. , 

14 SPORTS 

Parting Words from NBA 
Royalty Trou'ble Student 
~ COLUMN, from page 16 
a lot nicer instead of brush.ing this 
meek commoner off. It would have 
been more pleasant - not to mention 
classier - for him to have said, "After 
the game, kid." Instead, he got a couple 
of cheap pregame laughs, and I got a 
big "fuck you:' 

I'm not sure Nash's harsh parting 
words fit the mold of the NBAl; criteria 
for the MYP, and I'm positive he didn't 
adhere to the protocol that every two-

from this debacle is that sports stars 
should be admired from afar and we 
houldn't expect anything of their per-

sonalities. Players are primarily ath-
letes, and any tact or personable skills 
they possess are definitely public rela-
tions pluses. Their main function is to 
put the ball in the basket, and if they're 
as good as Nash is, it doesn't really 
matter what degree of jerk they are. If 
a player was that great with diplomatic 
relations, he1::l be negotiating a dis-

armament pact for 
the United Nations 

time MVP follows 
when addressing 
the media. He 
handled the situ-
ation very poorly, 
and I wonder if 
his callousness 
was justified. ICI 
like to think no, 
because while he 
probably forgot 
the event after r 

h was sprawled out 
without a care in the 

world, absorbed in the 
realization of his own 

instead of playing 
basketball. 

Although a bat-
tle between two out- . 
standing Western 
Conference foes 
raged before me, my 
pregame experience 
with Nash preoccu-

greatness?' 

was out of his sight, I felt lousy for 
some time after. He's the NBA star, 
and I'm the college reporter, so I'm 
sure he's run into many more eager 
journalists than I've run into profes-
ional athletes. Furthermore, a ges-

ture of kindness wouldn't have hurt 
him, but his uncouth behavior .was 
an unfortunately rude introduction to 
profes ional sport journalism. 

After further brooding about the 
situation, I realize that Nash's reaction 
was mild compared to some sports 
personalities. I couldn't imagine get-
ting flak from Dennis Rodman or atti-
tude from Terrell Owens. I certainly 
can't fathom dealing with a slumping, 
cranky, PM Sing Barry Bonds. Nash is 
probably one of the nicer guys in the 
NBA, but what he said hurt and it's 
distressing that he didn't have a little 
sense of compassion to make an aspir-
ing journalist's day. 

Perhaps the best lesson to learn 

pied and bothered 
me greatly. I thought that our exchange 
- more so his telling me off - might 
have hung over his head or that 1 had 
somehow jinxed his performance by 
interrupting his pregame solitude, but 
it was foolish to think that at aU. Just 
yards away by the SIlnS' bench, Nash 
was sprawled out without a care in the 
world. absorbed in the realization of 
his own greatness. 

After just 27 minute of playing 
time, Nash posted 10 points and 11 
assists, shooting a cool 50 percent in 
field goal attempts and an MVP-wor-
thy performance of two-of-three from 
three-point range - all outstanding 
preseason numbers. In fact, he played 
so well that it made me wonder if he 
should start telling off more rcport -
ers to get into his rhythm. Whatever 
the case, Nash is still a phenomenal 
player, but he now has one fewer fan 
to admire his increasingly bigheaded 
character. 

THE UCSG GUARDIAN MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

Tritons Post Perfect Record in October 
• VOLLEYBALL from page 16 
never relinquished the lead. The 
advantage was stretched to 16-10 
on back-to-back aces by Halvorsen . 
The advantage reached up to 10 
before junior opposite Amber Ries 
put away the 30-21 game-winning 
kill. 

The Tritons reached top form 
in game two a.s they opened up a 
qUick 14-6 lead on back-to·back 
aces by senior outside hitter Nicole 
Courtney, who also recorded 12 
digs and 12 kills on the night. 
UCSD recorded the final six of its 
team blocks in this game_ 

Junior outside hitter Rebecca 
Bailey played a pivotal role in the 
final five points as she recorded 
two blocks and the two kills that 
finished the Sea Otters off in game 
two, 30-17. 

Cal State Monterey Bay didn't 
just roll over as it battled UCSD 
in game three. The score remained 
tight with the Otters taking an 18-
14 lead, forcing Black to use his 
final timeou t. 

"So much of il comes down to 
our own ex:ecution," Black said. " It 
was really about getting our focus 
back and we let them off the hook. 
[ told them to get back on our 
game: 

Kills by Bailey and Schmidt out 
of the timeout brought UCSD with -
in two points. Schmidt then served 
up three points, giving the Tritons 
the 20-19 advantage. 

Cal State Monterey Bay then 
pulled within two at 25-23, but 
UCSD's hitting power was just too 
strong as the Tritons recorded four 
straight kills to take command 
at 29-23. Senior middle blocker 
Brianna Koche finished off the 
seniors' final home game with one 
of her 14 kills to win the third 
game, 30-24. 

Se.nior setter Kristin Halvorsen 
and senior defensive specialist 

Lauren Chiodini also played domi-
nant roles in the game and contrib-
uted with 48 assists and seven digs, 
respectively. 

UCSD showed no signs of 
homesickness, downing Cal State 
Dominguez Hill's 30- 14, 30-20, 30-
22 on Oct. 25. 

In game one, the Tritons exploded 
to an 11 -5 advantage before pushing 
it to 19-8 on a block by Koche and 
Ries. The team opened up strong 
and then cruised to the 30-14 win. 

Cal State Dominguez Hills kept 
game two a little closer at the mid-
way point, trailing UCSD 15-11. But 
it was all Tritons from that point 
on. 

The team used kills by Courtney, 
Koche and Bailey to go on a 6-0 run, 
making the score 25-16. Kills by Ries 
and Bailey fInished off the Toros in 
game two, 30-20. 

UCSD scored nine of the first 

12 points, taking a 9-3 advantage. 
The lead stretched to 10 points, 23 -
13, on back-to-back kills by Bailey. 
The Tritons finished the sweep on 
a four-poinl run, capped off by 
sophomore outside hitter Casey 
Wilson's kill. 

The team finishes the regular sea-
son at Humboldt State on Nov. 3 and 
at Sonoma State on Nov. 4. 

The Tritons are also eyeing the 
NCAA Division II Pacific regional 
tournament on Nov. 9-12. 

Black noted that the team's 
preparation for the postseason will 
begin much earlier in the week off 
the court. 

"Honestly, the key [to these last 
games) is how well we take care 
of ourselves this Monday through 
Wednesday," Black said. "We have 
to eat and sleep right because if we 
feel like crap then we won't per-
form well." 

JASON CAMPA/GUARDIIIN 
Senior outside hitter Nicole Courtney added 121cilis and 12 digs in the win over the Otters, 
who were outhit by the Tritons .317-.087 in the lopsided match. 

Stanford University Blodeslgn Program, 
James H. Clark Center. 318 Campus Drive . Rm . ElOO. 

Stantord . CA 94305-5428 

ANNOUNCING: 

Now Accepting Applications 

Meet this weeKs featured vendors & farmers: 2007-2008 Biodesign Innovation Fellowships 

The fall and winter seasons for Smit 
Orchards means apples, cider, dried 
fruit and almonds. Matthew P. 
McCreight, a native San Diegan and 
UCSD graduate will take you through 
"the orchards" and provide your 
senses and tastes with the delicious 
beginnings of the holidays. 

BABA FOOD 
Enrique Garcia participates in 
over 20 markets in the San 
Diego area . He brings to UCSD 
a tasty selection of fresh hummus 
and crunchy pita chips. Try his 
Mediterranean salads or falafel 
wraps and for something sweet, 
experience flaky baklava. 

SMIT ORCHARDS 

Learn the process of biomedical technology innovation through an intensive 
fellowship at Stanford University. 

Fellows learn- by dOing-the key stages of the biodesign process: identification 
and verification of clinical needs,invention, prototyping, parenting, early-stage 
testing, regulatory and reimbursement, planning and financing. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: 
CLINICIANS: September 30,2006 ALLOTHERS: November 30, 2006 

APPLY ONLINE: http://lnnovatlon,stanford.edu/ 

For further information contact: 
bioclesign@stanford.edu 
Tel: 650 736 1160 
Fax: 650 724 8696 

Club Med with a friend 
Happening at UCSD 
Porter's Pub FREE show 
Late Halloween costumes 
Rocco's hair styles 
It's Domino's 

p.2 
p.3 
p.s 
p.1S 
p.1S 
p.9 

MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Dickey's First-Half Strike Carries Tritons 
~ SOCCER, from page 16 
defeated Cal State Dominguez Hills 
5-1. 

Senior midfielder Kelly Cochran 
extended the lead to 2·0 in the 52nd 
minute with her 10th goal on the 
season, assisted by junior mid fielder 
Lauren Segars. 

The ball was crossed from the 
left side into a cluster of Tritons 
in the goal box, eventually getting 
forced in by Cochran_ 

The third goal came in with 
17 minutes left by junior forward 
Kathy Sepulveda, who had been 
sweeping up the sidelines from the 
beginning. 

Sepulveda charged any ball or 
person in sight along the right and 
left sides of the field and it finally 
paid off. 

Sepulveda first stole the ball 
from her Chico State opponent and 
dribbled upfield on the outer right 
edge of the field to put a bold shot 
through from 12 yards out, which 
came to rest in the far left corner 
of the net. 

While the Tritons attacked the 
Wildcats with a force that never 
dwindled - outshooting their 
opponents 20·2 - McGovern was 
left trekking the goal box with a 

seemi~gly bored but proud com-
posure. 

"[ . can never complain about 
being bored because that just means 
that the defense was doing an excel-
lent job," McGovern said about the 
shutout. 

" nice to be able to 
sa now that we beat 

every team in our 
league." 

- Jessica McGovern 
Sophomore Goalkeeper 

The fmal blow came in the 87th 
minute as sophomore forward 
Natasha Belak-Berger, who substi -
tuted numerous times for Sepulveda, 
hit a right-side ball which streamed 
almost too easily into the left corner 
of the goal for a 4-0 finish. 

The Wildcats. who did a lot more 
watching than playing throughout 
the match, ended with their heads 
down as junior midfielder Ali Lai 

deflected a Chico State penalty kick 
with her head in the last seconds of 
the game. 

The angry Wildcat goalkeeper 
kicked the ball over the Triton net 
while the UCSD players ran through 
the human tunnel formed by the 
arms of proud family and fans before 
gathering centerfield to take their 
CCAA championship photo and 
receive their trophy_ 

"We are so thrilled about the 
win; Lai said_ "All the support from 
the crowd made it even more per-
sonal for us.-

The Tritons were met with an 
even larger home crowd in their pre-
vious match against Humbolt State 
on Oct. 27 when Dickey scored the 
only goal on a header 17 minutes 
into the first half, thanks to a solid 
corner ' kick by junior midfielder 
Caitlyn Ryan for the I -0 game win, 
which led to the Chico State slaugh-
ter two days later. 

The league champions now wait 
in anticipation to see if they will 
secure the privilege of hosting next 
week's NCAA Far West regional 
tournament, which will feature the 
top four teams in the region . The 
announcement will be made by 2 
p.m. on Oct. 30. 

UCSD Rages Back After First WWPA Los~ 
~ SHOOTOUT, from page 16 
mark. but it didn't take long for UC 
Davis to recapture its two-point lead 
and call on the help of some of its 
key players. 

The Aggies extended their lead 
with a goal in the third quarter, but 
the Tritons finally awoke. Junior 
utility A.f. Kotanjian, Casellini and 
senior two-meter offense Ty Lackey 
each scored a goal to tie the game 
at 4-4. 

At the 4:30 mark in the fourth 
quarter. Lackey scored again to give 
UCSD its first lead of the game. 
However, after UC Davis fought 
back and tied the game, Aggie 

I senior defense David Welch got the 
game-winning goal with 1:02 left 
in the match to lift the Aggies 6-5 
over the Tritons. With the win, the 
Aggies improved their record to 
11-10. 

According to Randall, the Tritons 
had no excuses for the mediocre 
outing against Davis, except that it 
was simply a bad and poorly played 
game. 

"We had an off game," Randall 
said. "We couldn't produce any 
offense whatsoever." 

The Tritons made up for their 
blow to their confidence by coming 
out strong the following morning 
to reestablish themselves as the top 
team in the WWPA. 

·They came out the next mom-

ing to face the No. 17 Air Force 
Academy, hoping to . make amends 
for their disappointing loss to UC 
Davis the night before. 

It didn't take UCSD long to score, 
as the team netted four goals before 
the Falcons could answer midway 
into the second quarter. 

After two more goals for the 
Tritons, the Air Force Academy 

were kind of flat, 
e were not making 

sharp plays and [we) 
looked tired" 

- Jeremy Randall, 
Senior Goalkeeper 

tried to close the lead, but could 
only manage one more goal to make 
it 6-3 in favor of UCSD. 

The Tritons refused to ease up 
as they outscored the Falcons 6-1 in 
the fourth to cruise to a convincing 
12-4 win. 

UCSD then faced No. 16 Santa 
Clara University in the next match. 
The offense delivered once again, 
as the Tritons defeated the Broncos, 
12-7. 

After lOSing their onJy WWPA 
match ofthe season to UC Davis, the 
Tritons bounced back emphatically 
to improve their conference record 
to 12-1 and 21-5 overall. 

According to Randall. the shock-
ing loss to Davis awoke the Tritons 
and reminded the team that wins 
are not freely given but must be 
earned with effon. 

"I think we're back on track," 
he said. 

Having played so well through 
26 games, UCSD is excited about 
the possibilities in thf postseason. 
but is mindful of the remaining 
match on its regular season calen-
dar . . 

"[UC Irvine) is in the back of our 
minds, but the biggest focus is the 
conference championship," Randall 
said. 

The Tritons return home on Nov. 
8 for Senior Night to face No.1 I UC 
Irvine in their fmal regular season 
game. 

After the senior se nd off, the 
Tritons will have over a week of rest 
before the WWPA tournament, but 
they certainly won't be idJe in their 
time off. 

The team hopes to stay on top 
of the conference and make some 
noise in the WWPA champion -
ships after falling last year to Loyola 
Marymount University in the final 
two minutes of the title match. 

H~~~aWtrtrN ~Pft." 
We de> Extreme Ma~ef)~rs 

10°A, off 
Your Most Expensive item 

when present this coupon 

LOCATED IN THE CENTER 
COURT AT THE FORMER 

ROBINSON MAY LOCATION IN 
WESTFIELD UNIVERSITY 
TOWN CENTER LA JOLLA 

8581587-4790 

SPORTS 15 

Learn about a new way 

reallege 
Student Securities 

Securing your futur •. 

www.studentsecurities.com 

-----------------~ REGENTS 
c;<; FREE 

NEW YORK 
CHEESE SLICE 

No Strings Attached 
One per (Ultomer. 

Exp. 11/13106 FREE DaO DElIVERY! 
4150 Regents Park Row '1'70 151-550-040& """.",utsplzlI_com 

------------------

STUDENT DISCOUNTS WITH 10 
~ WALK-INS WELCOME 

."M'''' - - - - .., 
I $5 OFF 
I ANY HAIRCUT 

UTe 
University Towne Centre 
(858) 455-0420 

REE 
HAIRCUT with any 
CHEMICAL SERVICE 
Student discount with ID. Exp. 11/30/06 

ROCCO'S NAILS 858-202-0426 
Fills ............................................................... $1 S 
Manicure &. Pedicure ............................. $23 
Full Set (pink & white) .......................... $25 
Spa Pedicure ........................... : ................ $65 

Discover Japan,Discover Yourself 
throop. the Japaa En:banF and Teaching (JEn Program 

Information Session will be held at: 
Place: Oceanids Pavillion, International Center 
Date: November 1, 2006 
TIme: 4:30-6:00 p.m. 

All MajOR Welcome! 
For mon: informarion: 

858.534.1123 
http://www.la_us.emb-japan.go.jp 

-



16 
CONTACT THE EDITOR 

Danai Leininger 
sports@ucsdguardian.org SPORTS 

HOI'a.H 

Tony Choi 
Men's Soccer 

The mid fielder was named California 
.•• " . UlIlC)',lalC Athletic Association Freshman of 

the after playing in all 19 games and 
contributing three game-winning goals. 

_______________________ MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 2006 

NBA's MVP 
Stonewalls 
Aspiring 

Journalist 
Before a surprisingly hard-fought preseason game between the Los Angeles Lakers and the 
Phoenix Suns on Oct. 22 at the San 
Diego ports Arena, two-time MVP 
"teve Nash told this lowly peasant to 
get off of his throne. 

As I nervouslv waited outside the 
uns' locker room' fo r the team to con-

e ude Its preganle meeting, It occurred 

UnO naiable 

to me that I would soon be in the midst 
of some of the NBA's premier players 
Wlth the opportunity to ask one of 
them a question before they hit the 
court. Suddenly, a rousing shout came 
from inside the cold hole in the wall 
that was Phoenix's locker room, and 
the two-time Pacific Division champi-
ons emerged from the chamber. 

Most of the players kept to them-
elves, stretching or bouncing to ease 

the tension and get loose. Some unfa-
miliar players chatted with each other, 
but the stars appeared relaxed and , 
quiet. Unlike the rest of the squad, 
Nash was talking to himself in a high-
pitched voice, not really saying anything 
but scattering numerous f-bombs, as if 
to cleanse his system. After about 30 
seconds of this ritual, I decided to 
approach the star point guard. 

"Steve, can I get a word?" 
He looked at me kindly enough, as 

if he was willing to give me.a minute. 
I approached him, eager to ask some 
throwaway question about what the 
streaking Suns hoped to take away 
from the matchup against the injury-
ridden Lakers. 

As I approached, his easygoing 
expression remained unchanged, and 
I thought that he would be receptive of 
my question. 

"Steve, the Lakers have been - " 
'rue you kidding me?" he said cold-

ly. "I'm not doing an intervieW.' 
"Not now?" 
"No, not now. Tuck!" Nash said, 

calling for one of the assistant coaches. 
"Tuck, can't you fucking do anything 
for me? Jesus Christ!" 

"Tuck" looked at Nash with a look 
that almost said, "What do you want 
me to do, shoot him?" 

No guns were necessary, and as I 
left, Nash aid a few thing about me 
that were largely inaudible except fo r a 
few "fucks" here and there. I'm not sure 
what he said, but some of the players-
mostly the guys who were fig\1ting to 
make the team and would have laughed 
at anything Nash saId - looked at me 
and laughed, and how many ~Ix -foot, 
five-lOch monsters laughmg at you 
does It take to get embarrassed? 

I hobbled away, red-cheeked and 
wounded. Nash was a man [ had come 
to respect as a player, but I got to ee the 
upstanding CanadIan In an un!avor-
ably arrogant light. . 

I probably broke every unwritten 
journalism rule by waiting outside the 
locker room before the game. I was 
the only journalist there, and that was 
probably a huge hint that I shouldn't 
have been there. Players need to get 
focused and ready for the game, and 

- they don't have any de ire to answer 
orne pimply kid's stupid question. The 

microphones should be shoved into the 
players' faces after the game, when the 
blood has been spilled and the battle 
has been fought. 

Nonetheless, Nash could have been 

[ NASH, page 1-4 ] 

Tritons Capture Conference Title 
By Nicky Buchanan 

ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR 

"Hey Chico ... I have a white flag 
ready for you when you want it!" 
These were the words shouted by 
one of the many rowdy Triton fans 
who cheered on their home team in 
RlMAC Soccer Stadium on Oct. 29 
as it crushed Chico State 4-0 for the 
2006 California Collegiate Athletic 
Association championship title for 
the sixth time in seven years. 

While dreams of a national 
championship entry propelled the 
No. 3 UCSD squad, sweet revenge 
couldn't help but take its toll on the 
hearts of the Tritons, whose only 
loss of the season was to Chico State 
on Sept. 17 with a score of 0-1 . 

"This meant a lot to us as far as 
pride goes and we wanted to prove 
that the last game was a fluke:' 
sophomore goalie Jessica McGovern 
said. "It's nice to be able to say 

. now that we beat every team in our 
league." 

The Wildcats seemed to take a 
submissive stance from the begin-
ning, allowing the Tritons the first 
touch on the ball for the majority of 
the game. 

The first half looked much like 
a game of cat and mouse as the 
Tritons maintained ball possession, 
forcing the Wildcats to scurry into 
defensive mode. 

However, the Chico State passes 
were not enough to overcome the 
Triton pressure, and a shot by senior 
mid fie lder Megan Dickey ftnally 
raided the Wildcat net with 30 sec-
onds left in the first half. 

Sophomore midfielder Kelly 
Mayo assisted the shot, slinking a 
pass from 15 yards out to Dickey, 
who pounded the ball through 
the crowded defense and past the 
Wildcat keeper to sink the ball 
straight in the center of the goal. 

SANH LUONG/GUARDIAN 
Junior mid folder Lauren &gars and senior mid fielders Kelly Cochran (top) and Megan Dickey (right) celebrate the Tritons' dominant victory 
over Chico State in the C~lifomia Collegiate Athletic Association Championship on Oct. 29. 

The goal sent the crowd into a 
frenzy, setting a tone for the second 
half that would not be disrupted as 
the Tritons earned three more goals 
for the largest scoring margin in a 
CCAA championship tournament 
final match since 2003 when UCSD 

[ SOCCER, page 15 ] 

Men's Water 
Polo Drops 
Road Match 

to Aggies 
By Paul Choi 

EN IOR STAFF WRITER 

Appeart ng a bit tired and even 
lacking some focus, the UCSD 
men's water polo team stumbled 
against UC DaVIS before beating 
two Western Water Polo AssocIation 
teams at UC DaVIS' annual Aggie 
Shootout. , 

After a long bus ride to Davis, 
Calif., the No. 5 Tritons faced the 
No. 13 Aggies at the Schaal Aquattcs 
Center on Oct. 27. 

It was clear that UCSD was not 
on top of its game as a surging 
UC Davis team scored twice and 
held the Tritons scoreless in the 
first quarter. UCSD continued to 
struggle offensively in the second 
half, but the defense kept the game 
within reach. 

«We were kind of flat:' senior 
goalkeeper Jeremy Randall said. 
«We were not making sharp plays, 
and [weI looked tired." 

Senior utility Jesse Casellini 
finally got UCSD on the board with 
a goal at the 3 minute, 28 second 

[ SHOOTOUT, page 15] 

Tritons Barrel Toward Playoffs 
By Matt Croskey 

STAFF WRITER 

Ever since the UCSD women's 
volleyball team fell twice earlier in 
the season, the Tritons have made 
a torrid run, winning 12 straight 
matches, their last "two against Cal 
tate Monterey Bay and Cal State 

Dominguez Hills. 
The team improved its over-

all record to 21 -2 and its confer-
ence record to 16-2, only one game 
behind Cal State San Bernardino 
in California Collegiate Athletic 
Association play. 

The Triton seniors showed 
why they will be missed' in the last 
home game on Oct. 28, as they sent 
Cal State Monterey Bay packing, 
sweeping the Sea Otters 30-21, 30-
17, 30-24. 

"The seniors have been the 
backbone to this team and we're 
going to miss them a lot," head 
coach Tom Black said. · One of the 
strengths of this team all year has 
been our depth. There's a lot of tal -
ent waiting on the bench." 

UCSD jumped out 7-3 after a 
freshman ylvia Schmidt kill and 

[ VOLLEYBALL, page 141 

JASON CAMPAIGUAItDMN 
Sophomore 0IIts/de hitrer Rebecro Bailey rontr'ibuted 14 /ciIIs in the niblns' tIuw-game swerp cur Cal Stxn MonfIrtu Bav on ~. 28. 
The No. 11 Tritons have two gama remaining before the ~ DiviIion n Prri,fit: RegionaIs Nou. ~12. 


