
FOCUSÊ ÊMaking Sense 
of the Buzz
In a remote corner of 
Warren, a team of graduate 
students tries to decipher the 
language of the honeybee.

INSIDESPORTS  Fighting Back 
in the Ninth
Baseball: The Tritons scored 
twice in the bottom of the 
ninth inning, winning the 
CCAA Tournament. PAGEÊ 12PAGEÊ 6

ONLINE
Poll:ÊWhat headlining artist are 
you most excited to see at the 
2009 Sun God Festival?

Tell us at www.ucsdguardian.org.

PoorlyÊ DrawnÊ LinesÊ .........2
LightsÊ andÊ SirensÊ ............3
BurntÊ SoupÊ ......................4
LetterÊ toÊ theÊ EditorÊ ..........5
ClassifiedsÊ .....................10
CrosswordÊ .....................10

www.ucsdguardian.org The Student Voice Since 1967 

U N I V E R S I T Y  O F  C A L I F O R N I A ,  S A N  D I E G O 

WHAT THAT GUY ON THE BUS IS REALLY LOOKING ATÊ▶ÊoPinion,Ê PaGeÊ 4

Monday,Ê MayÊ 11,Ê 2009

May 11
 H 71 L 57

May 12
 H 71 L 56

May 13
H 72 L 57

May 14
H 73 L 58

WEATHER

By Joyce Yeh
Staff Writer

The UC Board of Regents 
approved a 9.3 percent fee increase 
for the 2009-10 academic year over 
the phone last Thursday, amid wide-
spread criticism from students and 
staff that the regents had failed to 
exercise transparency by severely 
limiting the meeting’s public input 
period. 

Originally slated as a three-day 
meeting at UCSD beginning May 
6, the meeting was rescheduled as a 
one-day phone conference to avoid 
distracting campus efforts toward 
fighting the H1N1 virus. The public-
input session was shortened from the 
original 20 to 60 minutes per day for 
three days to one 20-minute session to 
be shared by all 10 UC campuses, with 
each comment limited to one minute. 

The new time slot was not suf-
ficient for all the planned comments, 
sparking protest at several UC cam-

puses. 
At UCSD, students attending 

the public-input session in the Price 
Center East Ballroom began chant-
ing “Let the students speak” at the 
end of the 20-minute input period. 
In response, the regents extended the 
session by five minutes. 

At UC Berkeley, union workers 
marched across campus vocalizing 
their disapproval of the shortened 
input session.

“I’ve never felt so silenced and 
marginalized as I do right now,” 
Associated Students Vice President 
of External Affairs Lisa Chen said to 
the regents in the last few minutes of 
the public input session. “How are 
we supposed to express public input 
when students are being silenced and 
cut off?”

The bulk of the comment period 
was dominated by concerns over the 
fee increases, which students said 

would undermine the university’s 
longstanding commitment to accessi-
bility and affordability, forcing quali-
fied students to find alternatives for 
higher education. 

UC President Mark G. Yudof 
responded to the comments by stat-
ing that the increases were necessary 
in the wake of a $450 million shortfall 
in state funding to the university. 
Yudof also predicted furloughs and 
layoffs in the coming few weeks.

“[The regents] listen to the com-

ments and many of them are really 
compelling,” he said. “We submitted a 
budget with zero fee increases [to the 
state] — that was the decision of the 
board and that didn’t last 24 hours. 
We live in a highly imperfect world 
and we’re going to be talking about 
furloughs and layoffs. The state is not 
supporting us in the fashion I think 
would be fair, but we are not quite 
in a high-fee/high-aid model. I think 

By Sarah Smith
Staff Writer

Just two months after sending 
acceptance notifications and ori-
entation invites to 29,000 rejected 
freshman applicants, campus officials 
misinformed 607 transfer admits that 
they had been rejected .

Two weeks ago, UCSD posted the 
accidental rejections on their Web 
site, where the 11,400 transfer appli-
cants were informed of their admis-
sion status after a month-and-a-half-
long evaluation process.

Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Admissions Mae W. Brown said she 
apologized for the “emotional roller-
coaster” that the error caused. The 
error was fixed early last week, and 
the accepted students — who all had 
GPAs of 3.0 or above — were notified 
of their acceptance a few days later, 
she said.

The 11,400 UCSD transfer appli-
cants comprised one of the campus’ 
largest batches — a 16.7 percent 
increase over last year’s pool.

Barmak Nassirian, associate 
executive director for the American 
Association of Collegiate Registrars 
and Admissions Officers, said mis-
takes of this kind have happened 
before.

“But the advent of automated sys-
tems means that potentially you could 
put any mistake on steroids,”  he told 
the San Diego Union-Tribune. “In the 
old days, maybe it was one letter going 
in the wrong envelope. Now you push 
the wrong button and thousands of 
people get the wrong message.”

Readers can contact Sarah Smith at 
sjs001@ucsd.edu.

RegentsÊ RaiseÊ StudentÊ FeesÊ byÊ 9.3Ê Percent

JOHN HANACEK/GUARDIAN
Top: Members of the public were invited to address the UC Board of Regents via teleconference May 7 in 
the Price Center East Ballroom. Above: Students demanded a longer public input period. 

Board criticized for 
approving sixth tuition 
hike in seven years via 
teleconference. 

$6,000

$7,000

$8,000

2009-102008-092007-082006-07

SPEEDÊ JUNKIES MarshallÊ WritingÊ DirectorsÊ ConsiderÊ
AddingÊ FourthÊ CourseÊ toÊ Program

By Kelsey Marrujo
Staff Writer

Smoke from Thurgood Marshall 
College’s multifaceted, years-long 
debate concerning the Dimensions of 
Culture undergraduate writing series 
has dissipated.

As part of an ongoing effort to 
reform the D.O.C. curriculum, the 
program’s directors will now consider 
adding an upper-division elective to 
the program designed to give students 
the chance to apply the program’s 

teachings in a practical context.
The idea for the elective was origi-

nally proposed in April 2008 within 
the Academic Council of Excellence 
report, a list of recommendations for 
reforming the D.O.C. program written 
by seven Marshall College students. 

The report called for the creation of 
a new aspect of the program that would 
allow students to engage in practical 
applications of D.O.C. themes, such as 
volunteer work or internships. 

The report was issued in response 

See REGENTS,Êpage 3

See D.O.C.,Êpage 2

UCSDÊ PostsÊ
607Ê False
RejectionÊ
Notices

Proposed upper-division 
D.O.C. course designed 
to branch lessons out 
from classroom setting.

FROMÊ THEÊ BOARDÊ ROOM

ERIK JEPSEN/GUARDIAN
Page 6: The sixth annual Triton Junkyard Derby, sponsored by the Triton Engineering Student Council, was held 
May 6 on Peterson Hill. The event previously ran in conjunction with the Sun God Festival.R E A D O NR E A D O N▶ ▶▶ ▶▶ ▶▶ ▶▶ ▶ Page 4: An opinion on D.O.C.

▶ ▶ R E A D O NR E A D O N▶ ▶▶ ▶▶ ▶▶ ▶

TUITION FOR UC RESIDENT UNDERGRADUATES

Source: UC Office of the President



2Ê NEWSÊ THEÊ UCSDÊ GUARDIANÊ MONDAY,Ê MAYÊ 11,Ê 2009

TheÊUCSDÊ GuardianÊ isÊ publishedÊ MondaysÊ andÊ ThursdaysÊ
duringÊ theÊ academicÊ yearÊ byÊ UCSDÊstudentsÊ andÊ forÊ theÊ
UCSDÊ community.Ê ReproductionÊ ofÊ thisÊ newspaperÊ inÊ anyÊ
form,Ê whetherÊ inÊ wholeÊ orÊ inÊ part,Ê withoutÊ permissionÊ isÊ
strictlyÊ prohibited.Ê ©Ê 2009,Ê allÊ rightsÊ reserved.Ê TheÊUCSDÊ
GuardianÊ isÊ notÊ responsibleÊ forÊ theÊ returnÊ ofÊ unsolicitedÊ
manuscriptsÊ orÊ art.Ê TheÊ viewsÊ expressedÊ hereinÊ doÊ notÊ
necessarilyÊ representÊ theÊ opinionsÊ ofÊ theÊUCSDÊ Guardian,Ê
theÊ UniversityÊ ofÊ CaliforniaÊ orÊ AssociatedÊ Students.Ê
TheÊUCSDÊ GuardianÊ isÊ fundedÊ solelyÊ byÊ advertising.Ê
Daaaaaang,Ê Timmy.Ê YouÊ gotÊ inÊ theÊGuardian?Ê

GeneralÊ Editorial:Ê 858-534-6580Ê
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News:Ê 858-534-5226,Ênews1@ucsdguardian.org
Focus:Ê 858-534-5226,Êfeatures@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus:Ê 858-534-6583,Êhiatus@ucsdguardian.orgÊ

Opinion:Ê 858-534-6582,Êopinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports:Ê 858-534-6582,Êsports@ucsdguardian.org
Photo:Ê 858-534-6582,Êphoto@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising:Ê 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax:Ê 858-534-7691

Page Layout
ReginaÊ Ip,Ê EmilyÊ Ku,Ê MoniqueÊ Lam,Ê SoniaÊ Minden,Ê

JonathanÊ Shan,Ê NaomiÊ Shiffman,Ê KathleenÊ Yip

MonicaÊ Bachmeier

MikeÊ Martinez

AlfredoÊ H.Ê VilanoÊ Jr.

DaraÊ BuÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
Ê JuliaÊ Peterson

MichaelÊ Neill

ShawnÊ Xu

General Manager

Advertising Manager

Advertising Art Director

Student Advertising/
Promotion Managers

Network Administrator

Advertising Sales Rep

MatthewÊ McArdle

HadleyÊ Mendoza
NicoleÊ Teixeira
SimoneÊ Wilson

SmrutiÊ Aravind
AllieÊ Cuerdo

RezaÊ Farazmand

JesseÊ Alm
YelenaÊ Akopian

KimberlyÊ Cheng

AlyssaÊ Bereznak

TrevorÊ Cox

JananiÊ Sridharan

NeilÊ Joshi

DavidÊ Harvey

JoannaÊ Cardenas
StephanieÊ Tsank

SoniaÊ Minden

AllieÊ Cuerdo
EdwinÊ Gonzalez

ErikÊ Jepsen

EmilyÊ Ku

ChristinaÊ Aushana

PatrickÊ Stammerjohn

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

Copy Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Associate Focus Editors

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editors

Photo Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Web Designer

Business Assistants
SalvadorÊ Gallegos,Ê CharissaÊ Ginn,

TiffanyÊ Han,Ê MaggieÊ Leung,Ê FrankÊ PakÊ
Advertising Design and Layout 

GeorgeÊ Chen,Ê BrandonÊ Chu,Ê KimÊ Cooper,Ê JennyÊ TingÊ WangÊ

Distributors
AlaricÊ Bermudez,Ê CharissaÊ Ginn,Ê ScottÊ Havrisik,Ê JoshÊ Ottoson

Marketing and Promotion Reps
DaraÊ Bu,Ê TracyÊ Hua,Ê MaggieÊ Leung,Ê KathleenÊ Ngo,Ê LisaÊ Tat

U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G

TheÊ UCSDÊ Guardian
9500Ê GilmanÊ Drive,Ê 0316
LaÊ Jolla,Ê CAÊ 92093-0316

Copy Readers
AmyÊ Guzdar,Ê JonathanÊ Kim,Ê KelseyÊ Marrujo,Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê Ê
NaomiÊ Sweo,Ê AnitaÊ Vergis,Ê DanielleÊ Warren

to a decision by college administra-
tors against renewing the contracts of 
two D.O.C. teaching assistants — Scott 
Boehm and Benjamin Balthaser — for 
their refusal to teach according to a 
curriculum that they said had become 
too patriotic and uncritical of social 
issues. 

The proposal is currently being 
channeled through the D.O.C. steer-
ing committee, a body comprised of 
D.O.C. directors and professors Robert 
Cancel and Robert Horwitz, in addi-
tion to several other faculty members, 
two teaching assistants and two under-
graduate students.

Marshall Provost Allan Havis said 
he believes the class would instill 
excitement in Marshall students to give 
back to their community.

“The chief idea … [is] to make 
an upper-division elective D.O.C. that 
involves public service … [so that stu-
dents can] talk about the social initia-
tives in a seminar capacity,” Havis said. 

The elective would be an entry-
level upper-division course followed 
by a four-unit “socially relevant extern-
ship” that would reflect the previous 
seminar, Havis said. 

According to Horwitz, however, a 

reformation of the D.O.C. program 
should be focused less on creating a 
new course and more on efforts to 
“hire regular faculty” and “reconceptu-
alize what they should be doing.”

Marshall College junior Mina 
Girgis agreed that the program requires 
some reform. After completing the 
D.O.C. series, she said that prior to its 
upheaval, teaching was “pretty much 
all over the place,” often characterized 
by inefficient lectures and disgruntled 
students. Girgis said that while his pro-
fessors often strayed off topic, students 
“were basically able to learn mostly 
everything from [their] TAs.”

There remains a continuing dia-
logue among faculty, the steering com-

mittee, teaching assistants and students 
to collectively shape the direction of 
D.O.C.

According to Havis, the revision 
of D.O.C.’s existing courses has taken 
precedence over any new course, with 
the campus’ budgetary constraints as a 
determining factor.

Cancel and Horwitz will meet with 
the steering committee this summer to 
decide whether to add the new course. 
In the meantime, Havis remains hope-
ful regarding the development of 
D.O.C. as facilitated by these imple-
mentation groups.

Readers can contact Kelsey Marrujo at 
kmarrujo@ucsd.edu.

EllenÊ Revelle,Ê aÊ SanÊ DiegoÊ philan-
thropistÊ andÊ supporterÊ ofÊ artsÊ educa-
tion,Ê diedÊ atÊ ThorntonÊ HospitalÊ MayÊ 6Ê
afterÊ sufferingÊ aÊ stroke.Ê SheÊ wasÊ 98.

KnownÊ forÊ herÊ witÊ andÊ kindness,Ê
theÊ LaÊ JollaÊ nativeÊ helpedÊ herÊ hus-
band,Ê RogerÊ Revelle,Ê foundÊ UCSDÊ
inÊ 1960.

Ò DadÊ wasÊ theÊ frontÊ man,Ê butÊ MomÊ
didÊ herÊ partÊ toÊ enticeÊ peopleÊ toÊ theÊ
warmthÊ ofÊ LaÊ Jolla,Ó Ê sonÊ WilliamÊ
RevelleÊ said.

BeyondÊ herÊ tiesÊ toÊ aÊ world-
renownedÊ scientistÊ andÊ educator,Ê
Mrs.Ê RevelleÊ developedÊ aÊ legacyÊ
ofÊ herÊ own.Ê SheÊ donatedÊ timeÊ andÊ
moneyÊ toÊ theÊ LaÊ JollaÊ HistoricalÊ
Society,Ê theÊ LaÊ JollaÊ MusicÊ SocietyÊ
andÊ theÊ SanÊ DiegoÊ Opera,Ê amongÊ
dozensÊ ofÊ otherÊ institutions.

Ò EllenÊ RevelleÊ wasÊ quiteÊ sim-
plyÊ theÊ mostÊ graciousÊ andÊ gener-
ousÊ patronÊ weÕ veÊ everÊ had,Ó Ê saidÊ
ChristopherÊ Beach,Ê presidentÊ andÊ
artisticÊ directorÊ ofÊ theÊ LaÊ JollaÊ MusicÊ
Society.Ê Ò WhenÊ youÊ wereÊ withÊ Ellen,Ê
youÊ knewÊ everythingÊ wasÊ goingÊ toÊ
beÊ allÊ rightÊ withÊ theÊ world.Ê TheyÊ donÕ tÊ
makeÊ ladiesÊ likeÊ thatÊ anymore.Ó

EllenÊ Revelle,Ê LocalÊ
Philanthropist,Ê DiesÊ atÊ 98

Currents D.O.C.Ê RevisionÊ HasÊ TargetedÊ ExistingÊ Curriculum
▶ D.O.C., fromÊ pageÊ 1

PoorlyÊ DrawnÊ lines  By Reza faRazmand

A news article published May 4, along with a news article and editorial pub-
lished May 7, incorrectly stated that the $662 student-fee increase proposed by 
the UC Board of Regents would be a quarterly increase. In fact, student fees 
will be raised $662 per year.

The Guardian corrects all errors brought to the attention of the editors. 
Corrections can be sent to editor@ucsdguardian.org.

CorreCtions



MONDAY,Ê MAYÊ 11,Ê 2009Ê THEÊ UCSDÊ GUARDIANÊ NEWSÊ Ê 3

you are exaggerating the impact.”
The approved fee increase amounts 

to an additional $662 per student every 
year, bringing the total cost of tuition 
to an estimated $7,788 for California 
residents. The $20,021 tuition for out-
of-state students will be increased by 
about $2,000. 

Lt. Gov. and Regent John 
Garamendi was among the four regents 
who voted against the fee increases. 

“The UC students have taken an 
incredible hit over the last five to six 
years,” Garamendi said. “Fees have 
literally doubled and nobody’s taxes 
in the state of California have doubled 
over that same period of the time. 
What’s happening here is the state 
Legislature and governor are relying 
on a tax increase on students. There’s 
no other way to call this but a tax 
increase on students. In addition to 
that, it is a terrible public policy — 
attacking students is just really stupid.”

Yudof defended the fee increase, 
stating that only 19 percent of UC 
students would pay the full amount of 
the increase because of support from 
the new Blue and Gold Opportunity 
Plan for families with incomes under 
$60,000, a Cal Grants increase of 
$39 million, a Pell Grant maximum 
extended to $5,350 from $4731 for 
qualified low-income students and 
President Barack Obama’s new fed-
eral stimulus package, which provides 

aid for families with joint incomes of 
under $180,000.

“If you have to raise tuition, this 
was the year to do it,” Yudof said. “The 
stars were aligned and the impact on 
our students this year is much less.”

Regent Eddie Island, who also 
voted against the fee increase, criti-
cized the university’s passive nature 
against a state Legislature that has 
come to rely on the UC system’s 
ability to raise fees without a second 
thought. He cited the regents’ deci-
sion to increase fees six times in the 
past seven years.

“I’m witnessing the death of a great 
institution,” Island said. “We have yet 
to deal with this in an open and hon-
est way. Every time there’s a budget 
shortfall, the student-fee increase is 
on the table. We have no choice but 
to raise fees and we sit around, wring 
our hands and worry about it. I don’t 
think the response ought to be just 
increase fees and nothing more and 
hope next year will be better. We look 
at this every year as unique, but it’s not 
unique. Are we giving up on afford-
ability and accessibility?”

In an interview on Southern 
California Public Radio on Friday, 
Yudof agreed that a “more invigo-
rated federal role” is needed in the 
UC system. 

“Our financial model is broken 
and we are bobbing and weaving to 
keep this place going — $8,700 is too 

much, but it’s not the end of the world, 
and we have the stimulus package,” 
Yudof said. “What Regent Island is 
saying, and I agree with him, is when 
you’re in the access and opportunity 
business, you’re not supposed to cut 
enrollment and raise prices, and long-
term, that has been the trajectory this 
state has been on for more than 20 
years. Regent Island is entirely right, 
we just have to do a better job at 
Sacramento of explaining to people 
why the University of California is 
important to the economy of the state.”

Garamendi offered a grim take on 
California’s economic future, should 
the state continue to cut funding for 
public higher education.

“We are not educating a sufficient 
number of people to allow the econ-
omy in grow, so what do we do?” 
Garamendi said. “In a fit of brilliance, 
the governor and Legislature refuse 
to raise taxes to fund the fundamen-
tal economic machine that’s the edu-
cation system, and so we starve it. 
The result is a slow starvation of the 
schools and of the economy. I will 
argue that you will see a decline in 
the economy, because there will be 
thousands upon thousands at the state 
university and UC that will not go 
to those universities because of the 
increasing cost for students.”

Readers can contact Joyce Yeh at 
j6yeh@ucsd.edu.

at theUniversityCenters

spring ’09

Fanboys Fired Up!

Thursday 5/14

at the
Price Center Theater free

PRICE CENTER

BUSTERS
BLOCK

week 7

$3 UCSD Student • $5 General

Saturday 5/16
Tuesday 5/12

9pm Only 6pm & 9pm
$3 UCSD Student • $5 General

universitycenters.ucsd.edu • 858.822.2068

8pm • Free
Espresso Roma

Monday 5/11
Justin Gutierrez

Tuesday 5/12

4-7pm • Free
Price Center East and West
Co-sponsored by Cross-Cultural Center, The Loft and University Centers

RegentÊ ClaimsÊ FeeÊ IncreaseÊ IsÊ HarmfulÊ toÊ State
▶ REGENTS, fromÊ pageÊ 1

LIGHts & sIrens
Friday, May 1
9:56 a.m.: Suspicious package
▶ An unmarked blue duffel bag was 
seen on a walkway at the Institute of 
the Americas. 
11:58 a.m.: Injury
▶ A bicyclist ran into a woman at Sun 
God lawn. Verbal warning issued. 
12:46 p.m.: General disturbance
▶ An unknown male was reported as 
“impersonating a student” and claim-
ing that he was given “a wrong test.” 
Field interview administered. 
8:56 p.m.: Suspicious person 
▶ A white male with a thin build and 
short blonde hair was seen “walking 
aimlessly around” Lot 510. 

Saturday, May 2
12:02 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ An intoxicated transient was seen 
at the South Mesa apartments. Arrest 
misdemeanor. 
3:40 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ An unknown number of people 
were reported as “Dumpster diving” 
at Lot 705. 

Sunday, May 3
▶ 9:14 p.m.: Citizen contact
A student reported that his roommate 
had “placed marijuana in his clothing.” 

Monday, May 4
▶ 3:34 a.m.: Noise disturbance
An unknown number of students 
were reported as “playing a game 
and yelling” at Brennan Hall. Will 
cooperate. 
8:42 a.m.: Medical aid
▶ An “older” male was reported as 
“vomiting blood” at Lot 504. 
12:45 p.m.: Grand theft
▶ A $3,000 laptop was stolen from the 
Pharmaceutical Sciences Building.
12:48 p.m.: Grand theft
▶ A tall black male carrying a back-
pack was reported as stealing a $2,000 
laptop from the Center for Cellular 
and Molecular Medicine. 
3:21 p.m.: Citizen contact

▶ A student was reported as sending 
a threatening e-mail that “talks about 
explosives.”
4:55 p.m.: Drunk in public
▶ A Latino male wearing khaki pants 
with no shirt was seen “stumbling” and 
“climbing in and out of bushes” at John 
Muir College. Arrest misdemeanor.

Tuesday, May 5 
3:12 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A white female in her 20s with 
blonde hair was reported as “asking 
[passing drivers] for rides” at Gilman 
Drive. Field interview administered. 
11:34 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A white male in his early 30s wear-
ing a blue ski hat and ski jacket was 
seen “roaming around” Plaza Cafe. 
Unable to locate. 

Wednesday, May 6
1:52 a.m.: Noise disturbance
▶ A couple was heard “having sex real 
loud” at Geneva Hall. Will cooperate. 
12:03 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A 50-year-old white male with a 
white beard was seen at the LGBT 
Resource Center.
2:55 p.m.: Domestic violence
▶ A male and female were reported 
as fighting in the street at Expedition 
Way. 

Thursday, May 7
12:27 a.m.: Suicide attempt
▶ A 23-year-old white male attempt-
ed to commit suicide by cutting his 
wrists at the VA Medical Center. 
2:26 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A transient was reported as “sleep-
ing in a trash bin” at Lot 705. Field 
interview administered. 
3:12 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A white male in his late 20s wearing 
a red baseball hat was seen carrying 
a bicycle with one wheel and walking 
toward Geisel Library. Unable to locate.

— Compiled by Sonia Minden
Senior Staff Writer



4
CONTACTÊTHEÊ EDITOR

AlyssaÊ Bereznak
opinion@ucsdguardian.org OPINION

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Associated Students.

No.

Yes.

I don’t know.

Web poll Should the UC Board of Regents approve the proposed student-fee increases?

66%
29%

5%

MONDAY,Ê MAYÊ 11,Ê 2009

BikiniÊ AppsÊ
orÊ Not,Ê WeÕ reÊ

AllÊ aÊ LittleÊ
Primitive

A s the daughter of two Silicon Valley-based engineers, I’ve always been taught that 
man’s sophistication evolves in con-
junction with the technology he 
uses. My reaction to parently lessons 
like these was to scowl, strut to my 
room, sign on to AOL and blog in 
my Xanga about how my pArEnTaLs 
WeRe sOo LaMe.

While it’s true that a guy in a 
suit holding an iPhone immediately 

looks 10 times more civilized than 
a caveman with a club, that doesn’t 
mean our instincts have become less 
primal. In fact, recent developments 
in personal planning and medical 
research are increasingly catering 
to  — not eliminating — our animal 
qualities. 

Take the iPhone, for example. 
Before finally braving the touch-
screen world, I used to be pretty 
intimidated by Apple’s technologi-
cal splendor. The iPhone was as an 
invention for the cultured — offer-
ing immediate GPS access and the 
latest updates on world politics. But 
since I caved and upgraded my iPod, 
I’ve realized the available apps aren’t 
as intellectual as I thought. 

Currently, the most popular 
paid application in the iTunes life-
style store is “Bikini Blast” — a 
sexy iPhone accessory that offers 
more than 700 photos of scant-
ily clad women for just 99 cents. 
Other applications, like the more 
discreet “Bikini Paradise,” advertise 
“intuitive interface” for your view-
ing pleasure and a “smart passcode 
protection” system to keep your 
girly gawking under wraps. While 
I’d like to believe the guy next to me 
on the bus is smirking because he 
just finished reading a fantastically 
researched article in the New York 
Times, he’s probably just (secretly) 
getting off to Trixie’s double Ds.

Advancements in medicine — 
more specifically cosmetic sugery 
— are even more obvious in their 
ultimate purpose. 

According to the American 
Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, 
the demand for cosmetic surgery has 
increased 126 percent since 1997. In 
2008, the top four surgical cosmetic 
procedures were breast augmenta-
tion, liposuction, eyelid surgery and 
tummy tucks.

With this sort of demand, our 
medical abilities have become so 
mind-blowingly quick and afford-
able that anyone can be thinner and 
sexier if they muster up a couple 
grand. While I’m totally amazed 
at the ability to reconstruct a boob 
and the evolving medical proce-
dures that go along with that, it still 
doesn’t change the fact that the ulti-
mate purpose of any sort of plastic 
surgery is to look better and get laid.

So next time someone gets all 
deep and starts talking about how 
technology has helped society 
become more sophisticated, think 
real hard about all the times you’ve 
used the Internet to stare at hot peo-
ple in bathing suits, or search for the 
closest Chipotle. Maybe the human 
race is simpler than you think.

AlyssaÊ Bereznak
aberezna@ucsd.edu

Burnt
Soup

By Michelle Chin
Contributing Writer

STUDENT LIFE — Though thousands of graduat-
ing seniors are about to cross the stage in com-
mencement ceremonies this June, few are aware 
that their graduation fees fund an event they most 
likely won’t attend. 

In addition to the money shelled out for a cap 
and gown, announcements, graduation photos and 
that prized alumni hoodie, every graduate partici-
pating in a college ceremony is required to pay a 
$27.73 commencement fee — which UCSD has 
charged since its inception, though no other UC 
campus does. According to the UCSD Bookstore’s 
Web site —  a likely source of information for the 
clueless senior — the payment is supposed to offset 
costs for each student’s college ceremony.

What the site conveniently fails to mention 
is that nearly 30 percent of that fee supports the 
all-campus graduation celebration — which every 
graduate must pay for regardless of whether he or 
she chooses to attend, despite the fact that last year 
it boasted a whopping 7.5 percent participation 
rate among graduating seniors (only around 400 
of the 5,290 graduates showed).

This year’s all-campus celebration will be the 
university’s second attempt at the annual event. 
Unlike the six individual college commencement 
ceremonies, the event does not include caps and 
gowns or individual recognition. However, the 
all-campus graduation party does give students an 
opportunity to celebrate with all graduates, regard-
less of college affiliation. The event consists of an 
alumni and graduate mixer, speakers, food, drinks 
and fireworks. 

The all-campus graduation celebration, which 
claims to offer free admission for graduates, will 
cost nearly $95,000 this year. Even though rela-

tively few graduates attend, the money that is 
redistributed to help fund the event will probably 
double next year, increasing the cost of the com-
mencement fee for the class of 2010 by at least 
an additional $8, according to Commencement 
Coordinator Anna Gandolfi.

 Graduates are already forced to brace them-
selves for steep costs. The cheapest graduation 
“pride pack” — which includes a cap and gown 
rental, tassel, commencement fee, one-year mem-
bership to the Alumni Association, 
alumni decal and $20 donation to 
an undergraduate scholarship — 
surpasses $100. And within a few 
months, student-loan providers will 
begin sending collection notices, increas-
ing pressure for graduates to find well-
paying work in one of the worst job markets 
in decades. 

Although the increased commencement 
fees are unlikely to send anyone into bank-
ruptcy, a university that just increased next 
year’s student fees by almost $700 should 
not be upping fees of any amount unless 
they’re absolutely vital. UCSD has no right 
to continue charging commencement fees 
just because it has in the past — especially 
considering that none of our peer insti-
tutions charge these fees.

With the mounting expenses a gradu-
ate must face, the university should be 
making a concerted effort to alleviate costs 
instead of making them worse. To prevent 
commencement fees from rising further, the 
university should implement separate fees for 
the college commencement ceremonies and the 
all-campus celebration, charging only the students 
who choose to participate. Not only would the 
commencement fee be lower, it would also be 
more fair. Students unable to participate in the 
all-campus celebration, which is inconveniently 
scheduled for Friday of finals week, would not be 
required to fund an event they can’t attend.

To minimize costs even further, commence-
ment committees could organize fundraisers. 
Selling food on Library Walk, holding 
a walk-a-thon or handing out Jamba 
Juice flyers could all help lower the 
commencement fee charged to each 
student. 

Students must also be told that 

their commencement fee is paying for them to 
attend the “free” all-campus celebration. They not 
only have the right to know how their fees are 
spent, but acknowledging that students are indeed 
paying for the celebration may encourage partici-
pation at the sparsely attended event. 

Though there may not be a way to totally elimi-
nate the fee in light of UCSD’s current budget cri-
sis, the university has an obligation to ensure that 
the fee benefits each student who pays it. 

Readers can contact Michelle Chin at mnchin@
ucsd.edu.

ExitÊ FeesÊ WonÕ tÊ Fly
 InÊ aÊ timeÊ of Ê economicÊ crisis,Ê fundingÊ theÊ barelyÊ attendedÊ all-campusÊ graduationÊ

partyÊ doesnÕ tÊ qualifyÊ asÊ aÊ direÊ necessity.

PromoteÊ InvolvementÊ andÊ FightÊ theÊ ManÊ Ñ Ê butÊ TakeÊ ItÊ Outside

By Hayley Bisceglia-Martin
Contributing Writer

ON CAMPUS — Every quarter it 
seems we’re obligated to take at 
least one course on similar, depress-
ing subjects like poverty and rac-
ism. That’s certainly no exception 
for Thurgood Marshall College 
students, who may be required to 
take a fourth Dimensions of Culture 
course. If approved, D.O.C. Four 
should promote concrete activism 
rather than more paper writing. 

The three classes that make up 
the general-education writing pro-
gram — “Diversity,” “Justice,” and 
“Imagination” — seek to enlighten 
students about the barriers that 
class and race erect in our society. 
But even classes geared specifically 
toward changing our perspectives 
can end up ineffective and lost in 
the heat of academic squabbling. 

Controversy within the D.O.C. 
curriculum first emerged in Spring 
Quarter 2007. It was then that two 
teaching assistants for the course 

were allegedly not rehired for the 
2007-08 school year because of 
their objections to the program’s 
design. Following their dismissal, an 
enraged group  comprised of under-
graduates, graduate students, and 
faculty members formed in response, 
calling itself the Lumumba-Zapata 
Coalition. The group, along with 
unaffiliated stu-
dents and faculty 
members, made  a 
series of recom-
mendations for the 
program. A newly 
formed review 
board for the pro-
gram agreed with 
those suggestions 
in April 2008, and 
decided to revamp 
D.O.C.. 

So far, the chang-
es have consisted 
mostly of introduc-
ing more diverse 
professors. 

According to Marshall College 
provost Allan Havis, the newcomers 
are from the literature, sociology, 
theater and dance, anthropology, 
philosophy, and poli-sci depart-
ments, thus satiating the demand 
for academic diversity. Faculty-to-
TA interaction has also increased, 
thus allowing TAs to express their 

concerns and suggestions to atten-
tive ears.

Program Director Robert 
Horwitz said nothing is final yet 
about the proposed fourth course, 
and in this time of budget cutbacks 
and general economic crisis, the 
funding for such an addition may 
be on hold for quite some time. But 

no matter the cur-
rent financial cli-
mate, D.O.C. Four, 
which would likely 
be upper-division, 
still presents the 
review board with 
the opportunity 
to make good 
on its promise to 
increase student 
involvement.

When we’re 
reading about 
social injustice 
or debating it to 
death in the class-
room, we seldom 

ask ourselves how we could actually 
start fixing it. After all, we’re just 
students, and this is just theory — 
what practical use could it possibly 
have? 

The D.O.C. Web site enthuses 
that within the context of its program 
“students have taken part in numer-
ous events on and off the UCSD 

campus that have helped to establish 
connections between course themes 
and contemporary experience.” Yet 
while there is indeed the occasional 
on-campus speaking event, which 
students attend for the promise of 
extra credit, off-campus events are 
virtually nonexistent. 

Offering bonus points for listen-
ing to somebody talk is not the same 
as encouraging students to actually 
make a difference. 

“I personally haven’t met anybody 
who has taken what they learned 
from D.O.C. and gone out into the 
real world,” Marshall College fresh-
man Oshadhi Jayasuriya said. “It’s 
all theory, they don’t tell us to go 
out and do anything. It’s just theory, 
theory, theory.”

This is regrettable given the 
D.O.C. program’s emphasis on con-
necting learning with activism, and 
Marshall College’s own public-ser-
vice minor (which “very few stu-
dents take,” according to Havis). 

One of the program’s main goals 
is encouraging scholars to move 
from “knowledge to action.” But 
even the current restructuring fails 
to motivate students. While it is 
unrealistic to turn volunteer action 
into an upper-division class, the 
D.O.C. program already primes stu-

A fourth Dimensions of 
Culture course should 
pump textbook 
curriculum with hands-
on student activism.

See D.O.C.,Êpage 5

Offering bonus 
points for listening 
to somebody talk 

is not the same 
as encouraging 

students to actually 
make a difference.

KIM CYPRIAN/GUARDIAN



MONDAY,ÊMAYÊ 11,Ê 2009Ê THEÊ UCSDÊ GUARDIANÊ OPINIONÊ 5

THE OTHER SIDE OF THE COIN By Niven Wilson

NOW SERVING BREAKFAST!

7am-11am DAILY!

START YOUR
MORNING AT
NOW SERVING BREAKFAST!

T

www.porterspub.com

yum...

UCSD Students Faculty & Staff

• Plan Ahead - Reserve Now!
• No Security Deposit • Friendly Staff

• Call for Guaranteed Reservation
with Credit Card

FREE Truck to Move In!

Waive Admin Fee 10% Discount
for UCSD Students, Faculty & Staff.

With payment of 3 months.  Please present UCSD Coupon.
Subject to terms and availability. Expires 07/31/09

Please present UCSD Coupon.
Subject to terms and availability. Expires 07/31/09

for UCSD Students, Faculty & Staff.

*

* *

**

LETTERÊTOÊTHEÊ EDITOR
GoingÊ VegetarianÊ ReducesÊ

Emissions,Ê SavesÊ Water

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its 
readers. All letters must be no longer than 500 
words, typed, double-spaced and signed with 
a name and applicable title. Letters must also 
contain a phone number. We reserve the right 
to edit for length and clarity. Letters may be 
dropped off at the Guardian office on the second 
floor of the Student Center or e-mailed. Send 
all letters to:

The UCSD Guardian
Opinion Editor

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org

dents for community involvement. 
The program gives students the 
building blocks to go out and make 
a difference by opening their eyes 
to existing social inequalities, but it 
falls short in offering realistic tools 
or resources that students could use 
to spark change. 

As any student who’s lamented 
walking 50 feet from their dorm to a 
dining hall knows, we can barely be 
motivated to do much of anything 
on our own.

If and when D.O.C. Four is added, 
it should be an elective course that 
encourages public service.

Instead of just writing a paper 
on the theory or history of social 
inequalities, this class could allow 
students to plan their own individu-
al projects under the supervision of 
a professor. Students could choose 
a sector that interests them — be 
it public education, legislation or 
transportation — and respond to 
the social inadequacies they find in 
that sector.

This response could take the 
form of a research paper, a proposal 

for a new program or a log coupled 
with reflective essays of a volunteer 
experience within the community. 
The degree of self-determination 
inherent in the course would cause 
students to translate their previous 

knowledge from the D.O.C. pro-
gram into activism, thereby fulfill-
ing the D.O.C. mission statement. 
Ultimately this course could help 
overcome the barriers outlined in 
the first three D.O.C. courses. 

This involvement should not be 

exclusive to D.O.C. Four — the first 
three D.O.C. classes could relate 
to the real world as well through a 
local outreach project. 

For example, in the D.O.C. Two 
course, which focuses on justice, 
students could do a research project 
about the American Civil Liberties 
Union and their recent fight against 
Proposition 8 legislation. An option 
like this would foster student ties 
with the community, and give stu-
dents a practical idea of what people 
are doing locally to fight for civil 
rights.

With enough funding, adminis-
trators could create a program that 
balanced the academic demands of 
Marshall College’s civil rights ori-
gins with the very real need for 
activism. 

Such a course would follow the 
flow of the previous D.O.C. classes; 
Diversity, Justice and Imagination 
teach students to see the barriers 
present in society, and D.O.C. Four 
could help students tear them down.

Readers can contact Hayley Bisceglia-
Martin at hbiscegl@ucsd.edu.

ItÊ TakesÊ MoreÊ ThanÊ anÊ EssayÊ toÊ ChangeÊ theÊ World
▶ D.O.C., fromÊ pageÊ 4

0 P I N I O N

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

WRITE WHERE
IT MATTERS

AND GET PAID

Dear Editor,
I am writing to ask you and 

your staff to help spread the word 
to UCSD students and many other 
Americans of the environmental 
benefits of going vegetarian for at 
least one day out of the week.

Because of the current climate-
change crisis, I believe that going 
vegetarian will not only benefit the 
environment greatly, but will also 
benefit individuals’ health. 

Currently, the Earth is going 
through tremendous abuse because 
of greenhouse-gas emissions. As a 
result, there will be an increase in 
the spread of diseases as northern 
countries becoming warmer and 
disease-carrying insects migrate 
north. Also, greenhouse-gas emis-
sions will produce warmer waters, 
more hurricanes, droughts, heat 
waves and economic consequences, 
while polar ice melting will increase 
sea levels.

The main cause of greenhouse-
gas emissions and global warming 
is the meat industry. And because 
the United States produces the most 
carbon dioxide per capita into the 
atmosphere, we have the civic duty 
to help save Earth. 

You can experience greater men-
tal and spiritual clarity by adopting 

a vegetarian diet. Vegetarianism can 
be seen as a solution to the destruc-
tion of rainforests as well as world 
hunger. According to Vegetarians 
International Voice for Animals, 
“while 750 million people go to bed 
hungry every night, one third of the 
world’s grain is fed to farmed animals. 
A typical Western-based diet can only 
feed 2.5 million people; a plant-based 
diet will feed every one of us.”

Hence, because of our current 
crisis on climate change, the posi-
tive effects of going vegetarian for at 
least one day a week is tremendous-
ly beneficial to the environment. 
Therefore, I wish all of UCSD and 
other Americans to unite together 
and create a pact to go vegetarian 
for at least one day a week to save 
our world.

—Timmy Dang
Eleanor Roosevelt College 

freshman

As any student who’s 
lamented walking 
50 feet from their 

dorm to a dining hall 
knows, we can barely 

be motivated to do 
anything on our own.



affecting native plants.” 
Fortunately, beekeepers have recorded smaller 

losses over this past winter, but concerns remain 
and investigations continue. 

Daren Eiri, an Earl Warren College senior who 
works in Nieh’s lab, is researching the effects of a 
common pesticide containing imidacloprid — a 
chemical banned in most European countries but 
still widely used in the United States. 

“If we could make a link between pesticides 
and the navigation of bees, and this failure to 
come back to the nest, it would suggest ways of 
perhaps not using certain kinds of pesticides,” 
Nieh said.

In order to test a colony’s navigation skills, 
researchers must first train the bees to eat from 
a small jar of sugary solution called a feeder. The 
colony is placed in an indoor hive attached to a tube 
running out through the adjacent wall. The feeder 
sits at the other end of the tube and provides the 
bees with a food source. 

Periodically, the feeder is moved further from 
the hive. When the bees have been trained to 
travel a certain distance to find their feeder, Eiri 
leads them down one of two long, black-and-white 
striped tunnels. This design creates the illusion 
of traveling a longer distances and allows Eiri to 
determine if the bees can maintain their ability 
to navigate the distance, then communicate it to 
nestmates after exposure to pesticides containing 
imidacloprid.

“Collapsed colonies are [still] healthy colonies 
with healthy food [sources],” Eiri said. “The queen 
should still be there, but the workers are missing, 
and the foragers are missing ... so we want to see 
if there’s any implications of foragers getting lost.”

Before the experiment, bees must be marked 
for observation. As they emerge from the hive and 
pause to drink from the feeder, Jarrell dips a brush 
in a plastic set of primary paint colors and runs it 
over each bee’s abdomen. It’s important that each 
bee have its own individual color, so that it can later 
be tracked in experiments.

“Once we get out here and we actually collect 

L
ast Friday, Revelle College 
junior Shannon Jarrell and 
graduate student Adam Bus-
sell suited up in protective 

white jumpsuits, zipping mesh hoods 
over their faces. They lit a fire in a 

small tea-kettle contraption, opened a 
wooden crate filled with 2,000 honeybees 

and wafted smoke at them. 
Though it sounds more like a challenge 

handed to contestants on “Fear Factor,” this 
routine is commonplace for apiarists — stu-

dents who study bees. The bees react to the 
smoke as if it were from a forest fire, and 

they disperse, allowing the scientists to 
survey the colony without injury. 

In this particular situation, Jarrell 
and Bussell were checking on a new 

queen bee they had recently intro-
duced to the colony. They wanted to 

make sure she hadn’t been killed — a com-
mon consequence of bringing an unfamiliar 

visitor into the hive.
According to Bussell, the sun-baked Earl 

Warren College bee colony probably contains enough hives for stu-
dent researchers to start an underground honey-making ring. 

Instead, the honeybees — cared for by students at an isolated field lab 
facing the Warren College apartments from across the canyon — are the 

subjects of a wide variety of research projects. 
The bees are currently helping student researchers study colony com-

munication and the effects of certain pesticides on bee navigation — vital 
in demystifying colony collapse disorder, a phenomenon first described 

in 2006 when western honeybee colonies began disappearing en masse. 
According to professor James Nieh, principal investigator and head of 

the Nieh Bee Laboratory, this plunge in the bee population was par-
ticularly devasting to farmers because, without 

bees, agricultural crops around the globe 
would remain unpollinated.

“[The disorder] is definitely a problem 
for native pollinators because they are 

responsible for so many of our crops, 
but also for maintaining our natural 
areas,” Nieh said. “Many of the plants 

we have in native habitats, these native 
California plants also rely on pollina-

tion. It’s affecting agriculture and could be 

Student researchers are putting an ear to the hive to 
unlock the mystery behind colony collapse disorder.

6

MONDAY,Ê MAYÊ 11,Ê 2009

CONTACTÊTHEÊ EDITOR
DavidÊ Harvey

focus@ucsdguardian.org
THE STUDENT OUTLOOK
FOCUS 

GO FIGURE

▶ Time, in seconds, for the fastest cart — 
belonging to the American Institute of Aeronautics 

and Astronautics team —  to run the qualifying 
round of the 2009 Triton Junkyard Derby.

15.06

LOST
in translation

BY ALYSSA BEREZNAK
SENIOR STAFF WRITER

See HONEYBEES,Êpage 7

S ITESEEN

A
herd of cows has been unleashed on 
the serene beach colony of La Jolla. 
But rather than littering the landscape 
with manure and obstructing road-

ways, these cows are stopping traffic with their 
psychedelic hides. 

CowParade — a traveling art exhibit that 
has stopped at 55 cities, from New York to 
Buenos Aires to Brussels — made its California 
debut in La Jolla on March 15. Forty life-size 
fiberglass cows, painted by local San Diego and 
Tijuana artists, will remain sprinkled through-
out a 10-block radius from Prospect Street to 
Pearl Street until June 15. 

If you’re in the mood for fresh air and 
an old-fashioned scavenger hunt, CowParade 
is an alternative to a trip to the Museum of 
Contemporary Art in downtown La Jolla. To 
begin your cattle crusade, download and print 
a map from www.cowparadelajolla.com. The 
hoof prints will take you from downtown La 
Jolla to Westfield Shoppingtown UTC, past 

cows with colorful paisley patterns; cows with 
silver lunar swirls; cows with giant, ominous 
eyes painted across their torsos; cows disguised 
as tigers, fruit cows and political cows. 

One cow, “A Triumph of Will,” was given 
a matador’s costume by local artist Carlos 
Castrejon — there’s even a tiny matador paint-
ed in its pupil. Inocente Izucar Galicia’s cow, 
“Emoo A Reason to Survive,” sprouts a purple 
Mohawk and flames over a background of funk 
and flowers.

So why cows? Contributing artist Perry 
Vasquez, whose “Action Cow” is on display on 
Ivanhoe Avenue, said “They’re very approach-
able … friendly, not aggressive, placid, peace-
ful … What’s not to like about a cow, besides 
the methane?”

The cows will be auctioned at a July 11  
gala at Scripps Institution of Oceanography, 
and  proceeds will benefit the Rady Children’s 
Hospital and the Zoological Society of San 
Diego.

COWPARADE LA JOLLA
BY JOANNA CARDENAS   ASSOCIATE FOCUS EDITOR

ERIK JEPSEN/GUARDIAN

COURTESY OF JOANNA CARDENAS

COWPARADE LA JOLLA
Exhibition Main Office
707 Broadway, 19th Floor
San Diego, Calif. 92101

PHOTOS BY DANIEL CADDELL/GUARDIAN



MONDAY,ÊMAYÊ 11,Ê 2009Ê THEÊ UCSDÊ GUARDIANÊ FOCUSÊ Ê 7

extension.ucsd.edu/LAUNCH • LAUNCH@ucsd.edu • (858) 822-1366

LAUNCH Fees
Tuition for most certificates is $650  
(excluding the Paralegal Program).

Apply Now
Interested students can visit our website  
to access the online application.

                 your career

Want to take an active role 
in your career development? 

In today’s economy, you need every possible 
advantage to make certain your first step 
into the competitive job market is successful. 
We want to help.

“Yes, I did. Being in the program has helped me to better 
define my career goals, gain hands-on experience, interact 
with working professionals, and learn from a team of real-
world experts.” 

   Anna Zhang, Class of  2010
   UC San Diego

LAUNCH offers
Focused, practical real-world skills•	
Flexible programming•	
One-on-one coaching•	
Learn side-by-side with working professionals•	

The Tau Beta Pirates — not to be confused with  competing team Space Lumberjack Ninja Pirates From Space — sailed fi ercely down Peterson Hill 
last Friday. In the end, though, they were no match for 
a metallic rocket ship built by UCSD’s chapter of the 
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, which 
went on to win the sixth annual Triton Junkyard Derby.

The derby used to be held on the day of UCSD’s 
annual Sun God Festival, until a drunken pilot at the 
2007 event broke his arm in one of the competition’s 
crowd-pleasing crashes. Various staff members at this 
year’s run donned shirts that read, “Don’t drive drunk, 
drive junk.” 

Aside from a mid-tournament crowd swell, observers 
were sparse. Nevertheless, the Triton Engineering 
Student Council’s event attracted swarms of prospective 
competitors. Of the more than 30 teams, some “died” 
early, toppling under the weight of mattresses or losing 
momentum because design hindered operation. (Like 
when the Jeelyfi sh got its plastic tentacles caught in the 
axle). 

Derby organizers said they hoped to see the tournament 
move back to Sun God in coming years — but until then, 
TESC will continue getting trashed on its very own day. 

— DAVID HARVEY
FOCUS EDITOR

INFOCUS Triton Junkyard Derby

PHOTOSÊBYÊ ERIKÊ JEPSEN/GUARDIAN

data, we can say, ‘Oh, that’s pink bee,’ so we’re not 
recording the same bee three times,” Jarrell said. 
“You have to get really creative sometimes, when 
you have to mark 30 or 40 bees. I’ve made up some 
new colors.”

Bussell will observe the same colonies as Eiri 
to study what scientists call the tremble dance — a 
form of communication in which bees begin errati-
cally shaking. Though bee savants know this com-
munication is somehow related to the waggle dance 
— in which bees wiggle their abdomen and strut in 
a figure eight to relay details about their food source 
— the tremble dance remains largely mysterious.

“Basically, the aim of my research is to define 
the tremble dance better,” Bussell said. “What is it 
communicating and what parts of it are being paid 
attention to by the other bees?”

Once Bussell collects enough data to theorize 
why the bees tremble, he plans to plant a robotic bee 
in the colony that will imitate the motion. In the end, 
he hopes to discover similarities between the dances.

“I think what I’ll be able to do is really show that 
it’s one communication system, that maybe these 
things aren’t so distinct from one another, that they 
all kind of flow together,” Bussell said.

Though most researchers at the lab don’t have a 
particular affinity for bees, they all agree that study-
ing the insects’ complex social systems is valuable 
to a greater understanding of animal cognition and 
communication.

“For me, it is interesting because of the complex-
ity of their social system in communication, but I 
think there’s a nice link to general human interest 
because we see so much of ourselves in a bee society,” 
Nieh said. “Just like in our society, we have profes-
sors, we have lawyers, we have doctors and so on. In 
a bee society, there are bees who are nurse bees, that 
are like nannies, that take care of the young. There 
are trash bees that take out the trash of the colony, 
there are bees that build the comb, there are bees that 
guard the colony and prevent other bees from com-
ing in and then there are bees that forage and collect 
the pollen and nectar that they need.”

Readers can contact Alyssa Bereznak at aberezna@
ucsd.edu.

RoboticÊB eeÊW illÊB eÊ
InsertedÊi ntoÊH iveÊt oÊ

MimicÊ TrembleÊ Dance
▶ HONEYBEES, fromÊ pageÊ 6



       ddian   Guardiand
      rdian   Guardian 
    aardian   Ga
     ardian   G
     rdian   Guardian
     rdian   Guardian
      rdian   Guardian 
       dian   Guardian d

GuarGuardian   Guar
Guardian   Guardi
Guardian   Guardi
Guardian   Guardi
Guardian   Guardi
Guardian   Guardi
Guardian   Guardi

iiddGuardian   GuardCALENDARCALENDAR
CAMPUSCAMPUS

CALENDARCALENDARCAMPUSCAMPUS

WEEK OF 5/11-5/17 

Powered by the Chancellor's Office and the UCSD Guardian

MONDAY,Ê MAYÊ 11,Ê 2009Ê THEÊ UCSDÊ GUARDIANÊ CAMPUSÊ CALENDARÊ 9ÊÊ

MON MAY 11 
C A R E E R

Obtaining an Internship - Learn strategies for 
searching internship and part-time job listings to 
find positions that will meet your goals. 12-1:15p 
at the Career Services Center Horizon Room.

Interactive Network Training with Halisi Byrd 
of Union Bank of California - Learn from a pro-
fessional how to talk to executives and employ-
ers at a networking event. 2-3pm at the Career 
Services Center. 

R E C R E A T I O N

Chaos: A Collision of Cultures - Kick off your 
Sungod week with a night of chaos at The 
Loft! See how pop culture and art collide with 
free food, performances, and a film screening 
and discussion led by the award-winning group 
Wong Fu Productions! 6:30pm at The Loft.

Roma Nights: Justin Gutierrez - UC San Diego 
Student Justin Gutierrez is excited for his first 
Roma Night. Starting at the young age of 5, 
Justin Gutierrez has looked both to the past and 
present for musical inspiration. In addition to 
guitar, his performance incorporate synthesizers 
and drum sequencers. 8pm at Espresso Roma.

TUES MAY 12
A R T S

ArtWalk 2009 - Get your art and inspiration on 
at the Spring 2009 ArtWalk in the Price Center! 
The ArtWalk will feature opportunities to express 
your creativity as a part of a new mural installa-
tion in the Price Center Atrium. It will also include 
visual arts, media arts, art demonstrations, art 
making participation, spoken word, dance and 
music. 4-7pm at Price Center.

C A R E E R
1 Hour Custom Resume - Create, customize 
and cement your resume with the enhanced 
resume builder, a new writing module housed 
and supported by Port Triton!   In this quick one 
hour training, participants will learn how this 
online resource may be used as a foundation 
to generate personalized resumes while being 
sensitive to industry suggested formats.  Become 
skilled in drafting your resume with this easy, 
manageable and accessible tool using your own 
laptop. 10-11:30am at the Career Services Center 
Horizon Room.

Pharmacy School: How to Prepare and Apply 
- Applying for pharmacy school this summer or 
in the future?  Attend this informative session 
to learn from the experts about preparing for 
pharmacy, the PharmCAS application and the 
admission process. Get tips on collecting and 
sending letters, writing your essays and prepar-
ing for interviews. 2-3pm at the Career Services 
Center Horizon Room.

Peace Corps Info Session - Learn about the 
adventure of a lifetime in one of 70 countries 
for education, business, health, computer sci-
ence, agriculture, and environmental projects. 
3:30-5pm at the Career Services Center Horizon 
Room.

L E C T U R E
Party Time, Not Jail Time - Questions about 
Alcohol and Drug-related citations? Come hear 
an explanation of how one addresses alcohol 
and drug-related citations (e.g., minor in posses-
sion, DUI, etc.) and receive guidance on how to 
avoid receiving these types of citations. 3-4pm at 
the Student Services Center Rm. 527.

Greenovation Forum: The Water We Eat – This 
forum explores the role of water in the produc-
tion of food. It will feature presentations from Dr. 
Ayelet Gneezy, Professor at the Rady School of 
Management at UC San Diego, and Barry Logan, 
owner of La Milpa Organica Farm. 4pm at the 
UCSD Faculty Club. 

R E C R E A T I O N
OCC Boulder-Dash at Canyonview - Come 
be a rock star! The Boulder-Dash is a point-

based, open-format boulder competition open 
to climbers of all ability levels. There will be a 
shoe demo by Evolv as well as prizes for the 
competitors. Registration includes a competition 
T-shirt and is $15 for college students w/ a valid 
ID and $25 for the greater community. Register 
now at the Outback Climbing Center, Outback 
Rental Center, or by phone at (858) 534-0684. 
5pm at Outback Climbing Center, Canyonview 
Rec Complex.

WED MAY 13
A R T S

New Writing Series: Gloria Gervitz - Gloria 
Gervitz’s work as a poet for almost 30 years was 
one enormous poem, Migraciones, which she 
finally completed in 2003. This was published 
by Shearsman in 2004 in a bilingual edition, 
with translations by Mark Schafer. Her work 
has appeared in a number of anthologies in 
Mexico and the USA, and has been translated 
into several languages. 4:30pm at the Literature 
Building Rm. 155.

Simply Swedish: V. Sjöberg New Jazz 
Ensemble - For this performance the New Jazz 
Ensemble will consist of players from the UCSD 
Music Department along with local jazz musi-
cians. Through their music, they will explore the 
concept of freedom and transcend the formulaic 
and institutionalized limitations that “jazz” cur-
rently bears. 8pm at The Loft. Free admission.

C A R E E R
Networking Your Way to a Job - Networking is 
proven to be the most effective way to secure a 
job. In today's economy, it is imperative to have 
an active network in place. Learn all about the 
process of establishing and maintaining career 
contacts in this workshop. 3-4:30pm at the 
Career Services Center Horizon Room.

Graduate Study in Public Policy and 
Administration - Looking to work in the public 
sector, for government or non-profit agencies? 
Many of these jobs require advanced skills, edu-
cation or experience.  Graduate school in public 
policy or public administration can give you the 
training you need to help define problems and 
find solutions or implement and manage pro-
grams, budgets, people and operations in these 
exciting fields.   Learn about the nature of these 
programs, curricula, admission requirements, 
and how to become qualified for acceptance. 
5-6pm at the Career Services Center Horizon 
Room. 

L E C T U R E
Party Time, Not Jail Time - Questions about 
Alcohol and Drug-related citations? We will 
explain how one addresses alcohol and drug-
related citations (e.g., minor in possession, DUI, 
etc.) and will provide guidance on how to avoid 
receiving these types of citations. 3-4pm at the 
Student Services Center Rm. 527.

R E C R E A T I O N

C U L T U R E
CSHP-UCSD Skaggs School of Pharmacy pres-
ents Culture-fusion: A Fundraiser Night - Get 
ready to be entertained by our cultural dances, 
singers, a fashion show, and traditional cuisine 
from authentic restaurants in San Diego. 7-10pm 
at PC East Ballroom.

S P E C I A L  E V E N T S
Passport to Leadership: Hi Five! - We all could 
use a pat on the back. As we end the school year, 
this becomes the time to recognize those you've 
work with for their commitment and service. 
Check out great ideas on how to express your 
appreciation, and a crafty way to understand 
how recognition is communicated. 3-4pm at 
Thurgood Marshall College Room, PC West.

THURS MAY 14
A C A D E M I C

PubMed: Beyond the Essentials - This hands-
on workshop moves beyond the basics to help 
searchers refine and expand their searching 
skills. Learn to search using MeSH terms and 
sub-headings and search specific fields. We will 
also cover how to use MyNCBI to turn your 
search into an email alert for any new articles 
on your topic. This class is free for UCSD Faculty, 
Students, and Staff. Register at http://biomed.
ucsd.edu/services/instruc.htm or call 858-822-
4760. 12-1:30p at the Biomedical Library.

C A R E E R
Practice Interviewing On-Camera - Interviews 
are a key part of any job search, but know-
ing what to say - and how to say it - can be 
tricky.  In this small-group workshop, you'll build 
your confidence by responding to real interview 
questions; receiving immediate feedback from 
a career expert.   Learn by watching others, and 
get helpful tips from your peers.   Register by 
calling 858.534.3750. 1-3pm at Career Services 
Center,West Conference Room.

C U L T U R E
CCC/San Diego Film Festival: Can't Hold 
Us Downe - Asian Pacific Islander American 
Heritage Month (APIAHM) is a time to celebrate 
the diverse histories and cultures which come 
from the API people. This diversity not only 
explores difference in religion, food, language, 
and dress, it also encompasses different personal 
identities including gender and sexuality. Join us 
in learning of these hidden stories of the Queer 
API community through the exploration of film 
and documentaries. Please RSVP to tmok@ucsd.
edu. 7:30pm at the Comunidad Room at Cross 
Cultural Center, PC East, 2nd Floor.

R E C R E A T I O N

S P E C I A L  E V E N T S
Film Screening: For My Wife - LD Thompson, 
the producer of the powerful film, For My Wife, 
will present a special screening of this true 
story that humanizes the struggle for marriage 
equality through the story of Kate Fleming and 
Charlene Strong. After Kate's death, Charlene 
was instrumental in getting Washington State 
to pass equality legislation. 5pm at the Student 
Services Center Multipurpose Room.

FRI MAY 15
A C A D E M I C

Creating Forms with Adobe LiveCycle 
Designer - This workshop focuses on creating 
and configuring forms for use with email or on 
the web using Adobe LiveCylcle Designer. This 
class is free for UCSD Faculty, Students, and Staff. 
Register at http://biomed.ucsd.edu/services/
instruc.htm or call 858-822-4760. 10:30am-12pm 
at the Biomedical Library.

C A R E E R
Interview to Win - In today's economy, job 
seekers must demonstrate their value through 
effective verbal and non-verbal communication.  
Learn how to communicate your skills effectively 
when answering today's most common inter-

view questions. 12-1:30pm at the Career Services 
Center Horizon Room.

C U L T U R E
International Center Friday Café – Join us for a 
taste of Senegalese food. Our menu features BBQ 
chicken or spicy Senegalese tofu, cornbread, 
rice, salad, and banana glace. $5 per person. 
12-1:30pm at the International Center Café. 

S P E C I A L  E V E N T S

KSDT Radio Presents: ZOMG it's SHUNGOD 
- KSDT Radio presents a free alternative to Sun 
God festival with independent bands and live 
DJs! Come get fierce with face-painting, prizes, 
free stuff, and KSDT merch. 12-6pm at the Old 
Student Center.

SAT MAY 16
S P E C I A L  E V E N T S

The 4th Annual LGBT Resource Center’s Family 
Day - "Share the space you love with the ones 
you love." From pets, siblings, best friends, part-
ners, grandparents, relatives, roommates, play 
cousins, children, parents, colleagues, neighbors, 
and more; family means many different things 
in our community. This year's Family Day will be 
a pet friendly and kid friendly cultural event so 
feel free to bring children and friendly/ leashed 
pets. Along with your loved one(s), please bring 
a dish that tells a story, something significant to 
you. 1:30-4:30pm at the LGBT Resource Center, 
Old Student Center. 

SUN MAY 17
R E C R E A T I O N

Loney Dear - Hailing from the small city of 
Jonkoping, Sweden, Svanängen self-released 
three homemade CD-Rs through his website: 
River Fontana Redux, Citadel Band, and Sologne. 
As buzz developed through MP3 blogs and other 
new media manifestations, Sub Pop offered 
Svanängen a contract in 2006. Undergrads: $5 
in advance; pay as you can at the door, GA: $10. 
8pm at The Loft.

UPCOMING
R E C R E A T I O N

Common Dissent: Terminator 2 - Skynet, the 
21st century computer waging a losing war on 
humans, sends a second terminator back in time 
to destroy the leader of the human resistance 
while he is still a boy. His mother is the only one 
who knows of the existence of the Terminators, 
human-like robots that exist only to kill and 
are nearly indestructible, and Sarah, the boy's 
mother is currently in a state mental hospital 
because of her 'delusions'. A second protector is 
sent back to the past by the Human resistance 
to protect John Connor, their future leader, at all 
costs. 7pm at The Loft, free admission.

WEEKLY  
CCC/San Diego Film Festival: Can't Hold 
Us Downe - Asian Pacific Islander American 
Heritage Month (APIAHM) is a time to celebrate 
the diverse histories and cultures which come 
from the API people. Join us in learning of these 
hidden stories of the Queer API community 
through the exploration of film and documenta-
ries on every Thursday from April 23rd to May 7th 
concluding with a dinner and discussion on May 
14th. 7:30pm every Thursday until May 14 at the 
Comunidad Room in the Cross Cultural Center.

Colectiva Chicana presents ¡Habla Mujer, 
Habla! - ¡Habla Mujer, Habla! is a space estab-
lished by mujeres for mujeres to come together 
and talk about, reflect on and acknowledge our 
struggles and experiences as students, activ-
ists, womyn of color, partners, AB-540 students, 
victims of domestic violence, and other pieces of 
our identities. Every Monday from 4-5pm at the 
Cross Cultural Center.

Veggie Wednesday - The UCSD Vedic and 
Vegetarian Culture Society invites you to a 
vegetarian luncheon buffet of veggie dishes, 
rice, drinks, desserts, and vegan options. Every 
Wednesday from 12-2pm on top of the Old 
Student Center. 

STUDENT HEALTH is open to ALL registered 
students, regardless of health insurance sta-

Sun God Nooner: Lady Dottie 
and The Diamonds with 
Wizard Wolves

Lady Dottie is a sixty-something blues 
queen with body pillows for boobs and 
more energy than the average hipster. 
Together with her backing band, the 
Diamonds, she creates a sound like all the 
greatest blues albums you've ever heard. 
Also featuring Wizard Wolves. 12-2pm at PC 
West Plaza.

Sungod Nooner: Dear and The 
Headlights with Crash Kings

This indie-rock band from Arizona released 
their debut full-length in February 2007. 
They have toured the country over and 
again with a wider variety of bands (Circa 
Survive to Dredg, Plain White T’s to Straylight 
Run) than most acts will play with in their 
entire career, let alone in a year. But really, 
this quintet is just �ve guys who love 
creating music. No frills. No egos. No 
exceptions. 12-2pm at PC West Plaza.

SunGod Nooner: Iglu & Hartly 
with The Shys

Welcome to the world of Iglu & Hartly. A 
world of hope driven by heavy synth. A 
world soaked in beer and sweat, borne from 
heart and soul.  With hundreds of shows 
played around the world Iglu & Hartly has 
gelled into a force to be reckoned with on 
and o� stage.  12-2pm at PC West Plaza. 

SunGod Nooner: Rob Crowe
of Pinback

Rob Crow is the frontman for the group 
Pinback - he writes some of the most 
addictive songs ever heard, and often has a 
giant beard to boot. Also featuring Neon 
Trees. 12-2pm at PC West Plaza.

tus! Appointments can be scheduled online at 
http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu or call 534-8089.   
Same-day appointment for urgent needs; walk-
in Urgent Care if you need immediate care 
(some access fees apply).  Hours: weekdays 8am-
4:30pm (Weds. 9-4:30pm). 

FITstop at RIMAC - Evaluate your relative fit-
ness levels - Set goals & measure your progress. 
Trained Student Health Advocates test your: 
Body Fat Composition, Grip Strength, Step Test 
Recovery Rate, Blood Pressure, Resting Heart 
Rate. A Free service for all UCSD students. Walk in 
to RIMAC Wellness Room any Mon or Wed 7-9PM. 

PEER EDUCATION PROGRAMS are provided 
by Student Health Advocates on Nutrition, HIV, 
Fitness, Stress, Sexual Health & other topics  at 
your res hall or student org meetings!  Call 534-
1824 for info on these FREE programs! 

Men's Clinic @ Student Health - Routine male 
exams, STD checks, etc – every Wednesday @ 
10:00am - NO visit fee - NO appt - just walk in 
to Student Health Conference Room #111. More 
info? 858-534-1824. 

Women’s Health - Annual exams, STD tests, 
birth control, ECP, and health education  all at 
Student Health. Appts online at http://studen-
thealth.ucsd.edu or call 534-8089.   - Completely 
confidential - always. 

NUTRITION COUNSELING is available for stu-
dents at Student Health Service. One-on-one 
appt. with a Registered Dietitian includes a 
three-day computerized analysis of your diet. 
Make your appointment online at http://studen-
thealth.ucsd.edu or call (858) 534-8089. 

WEIGHT MANAGEMENT CLINIC - led by a dieti-
tian and a physician. Every Thursday at 3PM at 
the Student Health Conference Room, 1st floor.  
No appointment - a FREE service for students. 

BODY COMPOSITION ANALYSIS every Tuesday 
at 11am & Friday at 9am.  Computerized analysis 
of your BMI, percentage of body fat, calculated 
basal metabolic rate (BMR), fat mass, and total 
body water.   $10 fee.   Sign up online at http://
studenthealth.ucsd.edu. 

Sun God Festival 2009

The most anticipated event of the year is 
�nally here! The daylong festival will feature 
three distinct stages, vendor fairs, carnival 
activities, �lm, art, and so much more. Check 
out N*E*R*D and Iron & Wine on the Main 
Stage; Girl Talk will rock the Dance Tent; and 
with acts like Horatio Sanz and Cirque 
Berzerk at The Midway, there’s really 
something for everyone. 

RIMAC FIELD • 12pm
sungodfestival.ucsd.edu



8Ê Ê CLASSIFIEDSÊ ThEÊ UCSDÊ GUArDIAnÊ MonDAy,ÊMAyÊ 11,Ê 2009

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print edition are also available to the UCSD 
campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

a 

a 

a 

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our 
print edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our 
print edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at  ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Sailing Instuctors
Surfing Instructors

Windsurfing Instructors
Kayaking Instructors
Rowing Instructors
Camp Counselors

Receptionist

SUMMER DAY CAMP
San Fernando/Conejo Valleys

Counselors, Lifeguards & Instructors 
for horses, arts & crafts, gym, nature, 

music & drama, animals & much more.

EARN $3275-$3500 +
888-784-CAMP             www.workatcamp.com

JOBS
Small, friendly restaurant, La Jolla 
Shores, needs cashiers, counter help, 
p/t and f/t, $8-$10 per hour, flexible 
work hours, will train. Leave message 
for Kevin, 858-349-2989 (5/14)

L.A. AREA SUMMER DAY CAMPS 
Swimming, horses, sports, arts & 
crafts, beaches, ropes courses and 
more. Gain valuable experience 
working with children in a variety of 

fun camp settings. www.daycamp-
jobs.com (6/4)

Good driver? Here’s the perfect part-
time job! Earn $12.85/hour after paid 
training. Learn marketable skills, 
work on campus. Apply at shuttle-
drivers.ucsd.edu. (6/4)

Summer Day Camp Job! Love kids? 
The outdoors? Live in SD? We’re hir-
ing enthusiastic, responsible stu-
dents for the summer. Apply online: 

www.outpostsummercamps.com Or 
call (858)842-4900 (5/21)

EGG DONORS NEEDED We are 
seeking intelligent, attractive, non-
smoking women between the ages 
of 21-29 who are physically fit and 
maintaining a healthy lifestyle. 
$15,000 plus all expenses. If you have 
a desire to help an infertile family 
please contact us. Email: darlene@
aperfectmatch.com 1-800-264-8828 
www.aperfectmatch.com Perfectly 
matching donors with families since 
1998 (5/11) 

UCSD BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY 
STUDY: Subjects with current allergy 
symptoms to inhaled allergens (cat, 
grass, dust mite), needed as blood 

donors for research study requiring 
donation of blood and allergy skin 
testing. Will be reimbursed $100 for 
completion of two clinic visit study. 
Contact Dr. Broide, Department 
Medicine (858) 534-2033. (6/4)

Summer Day Camp - San Fernando 
& Conejo Valleys. Counselors, 
Lifeguards, Gym, Horseback Riding, 
Music, Drama, & More. Earn $3275-
$3500+ for the summer. 888-784-
CAMP or www.workatcamp.com 
(6/4)

SWIM INSTRUCTORS - $12-19/
hr. FRONT DESK - $10/hr. Monday- 
Saturday. North County: 760-744-
7946. Pacific Beach: 858-273-7946. 
(6/4)

!!EARN EXTRA MONEY!! Students 
needed ASAP. Earn up to $150/day 
being a mystery shopper. No experi-
ence required. Call 1-800-722-4791 
(6/4)

GIGS
Egg Donors needed! Healthy females 
ages 18-30. Donate to infertile cou-
ples some of the many eggs that 
your body disposes of every month. 
COMPENSATION: $5000 - $8000. Call 
Reproductive Solutions now (818) 
832-1494. (6/4)

STUDENT HOUSING
Beautiful Studio Apt for rent! Walk-
in closet, full bath, large room and 
great pool! Laundry, small kitchen 
and utilities included! Call 619/252-
4439 or see Guardian website for 
more info! (5/11)

Beautiful, upgraded condo, 3 bed-

rooms, 1.5 baths, ceramic tiled 
patio with beautiful landscaping, 
new kitchen, baths, sliding French 
door. Two designated parking spots. 
Private washer/dryer. Best location 
ever! Walking distance to UCSD and 
UTC. Pool and jacuzzi. Available June 
1st. Year lease. Please call 858-554-
1854 (5/18)

3 bedroom 2.5 bath townhouse near 
ucsd and gilman drive available july 
or september. perfect for up to 5 stu-
dents. washer/dryer, attached 2-car 
garage. reply to housing92037@
yahoo.com (5/18)

Beautiful, upgraded condo, 3 bed-
rooms, 1.5 baths, ceramic tiled 
patio with beautiful landscaping, 
new kitchen, baths, sliding French 
door. Two designated parking spots. 
Private washer/dryer. Best location 
ever! Walking distance to UCSD and 
UTC. Pool and jacuzzi. Available June 
1st. Year lease. Please call 858-554-
1854 (5/21)

Large room with bath, garage, sepa-
rate entrance, La Jolla, close to the 
beach, ocean view home, $950. Tel 
858-456-0865 (6/4)

THURSDAY, MAY 7 
Sudoku Solution

 ACROSS 
 1 Humbles
 7 All there
 11 Junkyard dog
 14 Find a new tenant
 15 USA part
 16 Map dir.
 17 "Frasier" location
 19 French born
 20 Exposes
 21 A/C figure
 22 Weep aloud
 25 Break in the audience
 26 __ diem (seize the day)
 27 Future D.A.'s exam
 29 Letter after zeta
 30 Asta's mistress
 31 Facing the pitcher
 33 Gathers together
 37 Getting close
 39 Low-price version
 40 Valuable dental items
 42 At bay in a bay
 43 Slick
 44 Dined
 46 Indy-winner Luyendyk

 47 Oar holder
 49 Spark producer
 51 Part of ROK
 52 Somewhat blue
 53 Chosen by vote
 55 Darkroom abbr.
 56 "Family Guy" location
 60 "__ Are My Sunshine"
 61 "__ She Sweet"
 62 Fall back
 63 Bro or sis
 64 Tent stakes
 65 Mark of infamy

  DOWN
 1 Crescent
 2 Actress Arthur
 3 Bark in the comics
 4 Fortuneteller
 5 Nine: pref.
 6 Wonder of Motown
 7 Actor Telly
 8 Substitute for soap
 9 Legendary loch
 10 Hurler's stat
 11 "Friends" location

Find the CROSSWORD solution in next Thursday's Classified Page.

 12 Deplete completely
 13 Della or Pee Wee
 18 Put on a revival
 21 Feldon of "Get Smart"
 22 Informal language
 23 Start of a path?
 24 "I Love Lucy" location
 26 Celestial transient
 28 In a late manner
 30 Bk. after Ezra
 32 Duke or Earl
 34 Bit of clowning
 35 MacDonald's refrain
 36 Passover meal
 38 Napoleon's marshal
 41 Natural aptitudes
 45 Goes into
 47 Two toppers
 48 Capital of Vietnam
 49 Tossed
 50 Article of faith
 53 One of HOMES
 54 701
 56 Fly-fishing action
 57 Stage of a trip
 58 USN big shot
 59 __ culpa

6/4/09On STands
 TO PUBLISH A GRADUATION ANNOUNCEMENT IN THE
ASK YOUR PARENTS...

GUARDIAN GRADUATION ISSUE!

AD
DEADLINE
IS 5/27/09

QUESTIONS? Call 858-534-3467

Visit our website and
look for the GRAD AD LINK 

sample sample

BEN:

The Frostens
onsgood 

luck in the re
al world!

Casey,
on your Graduation

We love you and
wish you the greatestsuccess in the world.

Love,
The Martinez’s

Congratulations

2 column x 6”
2 column x 4”
2 column x 2”

$100.00
$65.00
$35.00

SIZES PRICE

You can include photos too!

ucsdguardian.org

Add your classified in PRINT: $5 for 30 words per issue

FOR UCSD 
STAFF AND 
STUDENTSFREE

ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS IN THE GUARDIAN

UCSDGUARDIAN.CAMPUSAVES.COM



10Ê SporTSÊ TheÊ UCSdÊ GUardianÊ monday,ÊmayÊ 11,Ê 2009

Th.5/14

SUN
GOD
ISSUE

destination-japan.comdestination-japan.comdestination-japan.com
CST#2001900-10

wannaJapan?go to

No formal admission to CSULB required • Earn units toward 
your degree • Enroll on a “space available” basis

Three Summer Sessions:
I ................................................... June 1–July 10
II ................................................June 22–July 31
III...........................................July 13–August 21

Register now!

Call: (800) 963-2250 ext. 60001 for more information.
www.uces.csulb.edu/openu • email: openu@uces.csulb.edu

California State University, Long Beach 
University College and Extension Services

Open University 
at CSULB

Summer Sessions 2009

has grown, especially over the past year, 
both as the team leader and a player. 

“Kaz had a great year; his record 
at the No. 1 singles and doubles spots 
this season has been really remark-
able,” Steidlmayer said. “He’s got speed, 
tenacity and an outstanding forehand, 
but this year he really became our lead-
er, and that is what I am most proud of.”

UCSD came into the showdown 
with Hawaii Pacific looking to avenge 
a 7-2 March 1 home loss. The Tritons 
won four out of five matches on the 
road to close the season, but couldn’t 
keep their impressive streak going 
against the Sea Warriors. 

Hawaii Pacific jumped out to a 
quick start in the matchup, posting two 
convincing wins in doubles. The Sea 
Warriors’ top team of Nikola Petrov 
and Daniel Luedi made quick work 
of Negishi and sophomore Erik Elliot, 
posting an 8-2 win to give Hawaii 
Pacific a 1-0 lead. Hawaii Pacific’s sec-
ond team was just as dominant, with 
Hendrik Bode and Sebastian Bader 
overpowering junior Vincent Nguyen 

and freshman Brandon Stevenson 8-0.
“Our opponents really came out 

firing and were playing at a high level,” 
Negishi said. “They made it tough for 
us from the very beginning. I felt we 
played a pretty solid match, but [Petrov 
and Luedi] were getting 90 percent of 
their first serves in, hitting them over 
110 miles per hour. They just con-
stantly put the pressure on us, and gave 
us no opportunities to get settled in.”

The Tritons grabbed their only vic-
tory of the day at No. 3 doubles, with 
freshman Samuel Ling and sophomore 
Naveen Dixit, teaming up for an 8-5 
victory. The win pulled UCSD within 
2-1 at the conclusion of doubles play, 
needing four wins in six singles match-
es to keep its season alive.

“Watching this young but talented 
team mature has been one of the most 
exciting parts of the year,” Negishi said. 
“Even though I’m graduating, I know 
that guys like Ling, Dixit and Jake 
Fellow will be able to hold our lineup 
in the future with all the experience 
they have gained this season. I expect 
the Triton tennis program to be in 

good hands with these guys leading the 
way in the coming years.”

The Sea Warriors continued their 
exceptional play into singles, winning 
the first three matches to build an 
insurmountable lead that rendered 
the remaining three matches, which 
were still in progress, irrelevant. Hawaii 
Pacific’s third singles win came from 
Luedi, who overwhelmed freshman 
Chapman Chan 6-1, 6-2 at No. 3 sin-
gles. That victory was followed by a 6-2, 
6-2 win by Petrov, who beat Negishi to 
open up a 4-1 lead for the Sea Warriors. 
Jan Hroch helped clinch the match for 
Hawaii Pacific by winning his No. 6 
singles match over Ling 6-2, 6-3.

Once the result had been decided, 
the rest of the matches were called off. 

Despite the loss to Hawaii Pacific, 
the 2008-09 Tritons finished strong, 
providing hope that their returning 
nucleus can build on the encouraging 
results the team compiled during the 
second half of its season.

Readers can contact Neil Joshi at 
nejoshi@ucsd.edu.

Both teams recorded nine hits but 
had trouble driving in their baserun-
ners. Shibuya pitched seven innings 
of seven-hit ball to earn his seventh 
win on the season and sophomore 
closer Guido Knudson recorded a two-
inning save — his ninth of the year.

“Our pitching staff was dominant on 
Thursday,” Imeson said. “Dominguez 
Hills has a few very good hitters and we 
did not let those guys beat us.”

Advancing to the winners game 
against Sonoma State, UCSD came out 
with something to prove after drop-
ping games to the Seawolves in the 
regular season and previous years.

“We were determined to boat-race 
Sonoma State,” Imeson said. “After 
several years of having them beat us, 
we came out with a desire to make a 
statement. We knew we were facing a 
soft throwing lefty, so we focused on 
driving the ball the other way.”

The Tritons’ approach paid off; 
UCSD scored in each of the first five 
innings, including six runs in the fifth, 
to take a 10-0 lead. Senior Trevor 
Decker pitched a complete game, 
allowing only one run while the 
offense scored six more times in the 
16-1 blowout. 

Albitz, who was named the tour-

nament’s most valuable player, went 
4-for-7 with four RBIs and a home 
run. Redshirt junior utility Brandon 
Gregorich also recorded four hits and 
a homer, driving in six runs.

Following their defeat, the 
Seawolves earned a rematch with 
UCSD in the championship game after 
pulling out a 10-9 win over Cal State 
Los Angeles in an elimination game.

Facing the Seawolves for the sec-
ond time in as many days, UCSD sent 
junior Kirby St. John to the mound 
looking for the Tritons’ second-ever 
CCAA Tournament Championship. 

After jumping to a 1-0 lead in the 
first, UCSD added two more in the 
fourth, taking advantage of a Sonoma 
State error. The Seawolves answered 
back in the fifth inning against St. 
John, using a two-out two-RBI double 
to bring them within one run.

Holding on to a one-run advantage 
in the eighth, Gregorich doubled to 
center field, scoring on sophomore 
outfielder Kyle Saul’s homer, which 
gave the Tritons a three-run lead.

The Seawolves answered back with 
five hits off two Triton pitchers, scor-
ing four runs to take the lead before 
redshirt sophomore reliever Daniel 
Simmons came into the game for 
UCSD to record the third out. 

“As a team we were determined to 
not let Sonoma State’s rally mentally 
dominate us,” Imeson said. “Obviously 
there was a little shock and disappoint-
ment at first, but ... after we got back in 
the dugout, we fully believed we could 
take the lead back.”

Leading off in the ninth, Lee took 
care of business right away, tying the 
game with a solo home run to right.

“We pride ourselves in answering 
back anytime a team scores against us,” 
O’Brien said. “We’ve done it through-
out the season and the guys are used 
to doing it.”

With one out, Albitz and senior 
third baseman Josh Tanner singled 
to put runners on first and second. 
Imeson stepped up to the plate and 
closed the door on the Seawolves with 
a walk-off single that plated Albitz.

“In my last at-bat I knew all I need-
ed to do was get a base hit,” Imeson 
said. “I knew the pitcher was in a pres-
sure situation and would not be able to 
completely control his pitches. I took 
advantage of his weakness and my hit 
luckily found some outfield grass. It 
was a great comeback and something I 
will always remember.”

Readers can contact Janani Sridharan 
at jsridhar@ucsd.edu.

TritonsÊ RallyÊ forÊ ComebackÊ AgainstÊ Seawolves
▶ BASEBALL, fromÊ pageÊ 12

UCSDÊ ComesÊ UpÊ ShortÊ inÊ RematchÊ WithÊ SeaÊ Warriors
▶ M. TENNIS, fromÊ pageÊ 12



monday,ÊmayÊ 11,Ê 2009Ê TheÊ UCSdÊ GUardianÊ SporTSÊ Ê 11

Guard Your M
oney!

www.ucsdguardian.org/ads/cut-keep

• Free Food from McDonald’s, Jeff’s Burgers,
Santorini Island Grill & Los Primos Mexican Food

• Huge discounts at The Buff, Brazilian Skin Care,
 La Jolla Cosmetic Laser Clinic & Bookstar

• Money saving deals at Clairemont Car Wash,
& Torrrey Pines Gliderport

Visit the Cut & Keep Coupon
Online Page & look for these special deals!

In This Thursday’s
SUN GOD ISSUE!

posting victories in four of the five 
completed matches to earn the win.

“Doubles was great,” LaPlante 
said. “At No. 1 and 2 doubles, we 
probably played our best matches of 
the year to win those. Even though 
we had the lead, I knew singles was 
still going to be a tough battle, and 
[Hawaii Pacific] really stepped it up.”

Doubles play started ominously 
for the Tritons, with the Sea Warriors 
taking the No. 3 
doubles match-
up in dominant 
fashion. Hawaii 
Pacific’s tandem of 
Sandra Wilkstrom 
and Alexsandra 
Stankovic were 
firing on all cyl-
inders as they 
routed sophomore 
Valerie Tang and 
senior Tessa Tran 
by a score of 8-0. 
Facing an early 1-0 
deficit, the Tritons’ 
remaining doubles 
teams battled back.

At the top doubles spot, the 
Tritons sent out senior Ina Dan and 
sophomore Taskeen Bains to face the 
18th-ranked duo of Ingrid Cseh and 
Zora Vickova. Earlier in the season, 
Dan and Bains lost to this team by 
an 8-6 margin, but got off to a much 
better start this time around, jumping 
out to a 4-1 lead. Cseh and Vickova 
earned a service break to even the 
match, but it was the UCSD duo that 
came up with big shots when it mat-
tered to pull out the emotional 9-7 
upset victory.

The No. 2 doubles match was 
just as exciting, with junior Anita 
Athavale and sophomore Natalie 
Varnay forced to go the distance 
against Lauren Shin and Anastasia 

Ageychik. Tied at eight, the dramatic 
encounter was settled in a tiebreak-
er in which Athavale and Varnay 
secured the 7-4 win.

Down 2-1 entering singles, the Sea 
Warriors seized the momentum by 
winning the first three matches with-
out dropping a set. Cseh rebounded 
from her upset loss in doubles to 
dispatch Athavale 6-1, 6-0 at No. 4 
singles, evening the score. Vickova, at 
No. 1 singles, helped Hawaii Pacific 

regain the lead 
for good by deci-
sively beating 
Varnay 6-2, 6-0. 
Ageychik also 
earned redemp-
tion from a bitter 
doubles defeat, 
taking down 
Bains 6-2, 6-2 at 
No. 3 singles.

With their 
backs against the 
wall, Tang kept 
the Tritons’ slim 
hopes alive by 
winning 6-4, 6-3 
over Stankovic at 

No. 5 singles to pull within one, but 
UCSD was eliminated when Tran lost 
6-4, 6-0 at the No. 6 position.

The loss marked the final matches 
of Dan and Tran’s careers, but they 
leave behind an impressive legacy. 
The seniors were four-year contribu-
tors, helping UCSD win a conference 
title each year and extend its unbeat-
en conference streak to 59 matches.

“It’s bittersweet to think my ten-
nis career here is over,” Dan said. “I 
wish it had gone differently but it 
is what it is. I’ve really enjoyed my 
time here, I couldn’t ask for anything 
more.”

Readers can contact Neil Joshi at 
nejoshi@ucsd.edu.

UCSDÊE liminatedÊi nÊF irstÊR oundÊA fterÊ
StrugglingÊW ithÊS inglesÊM atchesÊ

▶ W. TENNIS, fromÊ pageÊ 12

Pacific’s lead to one. With two outs 
and two on, senior first baseman Jenni 
Habib smacked an RBI single, driving 
sophomore outfielder Kristyn Lesovsky 
home. Junior catcher Nicole Saari then 
drew a walk to load the bases, but 
UCSD was unable to capitalize.

“It was disappointing,” Saari said. 
“We had more hits and more opportu-
nities to score than them, but never got 
that breakout hit.”

Down 2-1, UCSD threatened to 
erase Hawaii Pacific’s lead in the top of 
the sixth inning. The Tritons put run-
ners on the corners with only one out, 
following singles from junior shortstop 
Amanda Eliades and senior pitcher 
Lauren Chastain. Unfortunately for 
UCSD, the Sea Warriors struck out the 
next two Tritons, escaping the inning 
without any damage to their lead.

Freshman pitcher Camille Gaito 
kept the Tritons in the game with a 
solid performance, allowing only two 
runs on five hits in six innings. Gaito 
did not allow any hits in the final four 
innings she tossed, but was tagged with 
the loss due to a lack of run support.

UCSD outhit Hawaii Pacific seven 
to five — May led the Triton lineup 
with two hits — but struggled to drive 
in runs throughout the game. The 
Tritons left nine runners on base, while 
the Sea Warriors only stranded three.

“We definitely had our chances,” 
head coach Patti Gerckens said. “I 
thought Camille gave us a great effort, 
and we battled back in the last couple 
of innings. But we needed one more 
big hit, and we didn’t get it.”

With the loss to Hawaii Pacific, 
the Tritons faced an elimination game 
against California Collegiate Athletic 
Association rival and conference-
champion Cal State Monterey Bay. 
Entering the NCAA Regionals, UCSD 
had played Cal State Monterey Bay in 
five of its last seven games, winning 
only two of the contests.

“I just wanted to knock them out of 
the tournament,” Saari said. “We have 

played them so much recently that we 
know them well and came up with a 
new game plan to get the win.”

UCSD put two runs on the score-
board in the first, which ended up 
being enough offense to earn the win.

Lesovsky drew a lead-off walk — 
her first of four in the game — and 
advanced to second on a sacrifice bunt 
from Eliades. With Lesovsky on sec-
ond, Habib belted her third home run 
of the season, giving UCSD a 2-0 lead.

The Otters responded with a run 
on three hits in the second inning, cut-
ting the UCSD lead to 2-1.

The game came to a dramatic fin-
ish in the bottom of the seventh. Cal 
State Monterey Bay twice attempted to 
tie the game, but the Tritons threw the 
Otters out at the plate on both tries, the 
second of which ended the game.

Gaito tossed a complete seven 
innings in the UCSD victory, improv-
ing her record to 12-4. 

“Well our backs were obviously 
against the wall, but we felt confident 
against a Monterey team that we’ve 
seen a lot of lately,” Gerckens said. 
“Camille was tremendous again, and 
the defense really helped pick her up.”

After defeating the Otters, UCSD 

was set for a rematch with Hawaii 
Pacific, who was coming off a loss to 
Dixie State.

The Sea Warriors took an early 2-0 
lead on a two-run homer in the top of 
the first inning. The Tritons came right 
back with two runs of their own in the 
bottom half. Saari drove in Eliades 
with an RBI single and sophomore 
infielder Sarah Woofter’s single scored 
Habib to tie the score.

After Eliades and Habib drew con-
secutive walks to lead off the third 
inning, May gave UCSD a 3-2 lead 
with a two-out RBI single.

The Tritons maintained the one-
run advantage until the sixth inning, 
when Hawaii Pacific blasted a two-run 
home run to take the lead.

The Sea Warriors retired the final 
six Triton batters in order, sealing 
Hawaii Pacific’s 4-3 victory, and end-
ing UCSD’s season. UCSD finished the 
2009 campaign with a 30-25 record.

“I thought we played extremely 
well, and we battled the whole game,” 
Gerckens said. “They got a hold of two 
pitches, and that was the difference.”

Readers can contact John Beck at 
jbeck@ucsd.edu.

HawaiiÊ PacificÊ BestsÊ SoftballÊ TwiceÊ inÊ CCAAÊ Tournament
▶ SOFTBALL, fromÊ pageÊ 12

ÒEven though we had the lead, I knew singles was still going to be a tough battle, 
and [Hawaii Pacific] 
really stepped it up.”

Ñ Ê LizÊ LaPlante,ÊÊ
headÊ coach

TRITONS SEA WARRIORS
AB

4
3
2
4
0
3
1
3
2
0
3
0

25

R

0
2
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

3

RBI

0
0
0
1
0
1
1
0
0
0
0
0

3

H

0
1
0
1
0
2
1
0
0
0
0
0

5

PLAYER

Lesovsky, K. rf
Eliades, A. ss
Habib, J. 1b
Saari, N. c
   Gaylord, L. pr
May, A. cf
Woofter, S. 3b
Chastain, L. dh
Defazio, J. 2b
   Grace, M. ph
Gabriel, K. lf
Gaito, C. p

TOTAL

IP

7.0

H

6

ER

3

R

4

PITCHER

Gaito, C. (L) 

BB

1

SO

2

vs. HAWAII PACIFIC UNIVERSITYSoftball

IP

7.0

H

5

ER

3

R

3

PITCHER

Musquiz, S. (W)

BB

6

SO

3

PLAYER

Senas, C. lf
Sugihara, C. 2b
Plunket, K. ss
Kim, M. dh
   Kirby, M. pr
Toriano, K. c
Acierto, T. cf
Musquiz, S. p
Shikuma, L. rf
Riviera, N. 3b
Patton, B. 1b

TOTAL

AB

3
2
3
2
0
2
3
3
3
3
0

24

R

1
1
1
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

4

RBI

0
0
2
3
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

5

H

1
0
1
2
0
1
0
0
1
0
0

6



SPORTS 
12

ContaCtÊtheÊ editor
JananiÊ Sridharan

sports@ucsdguardian.org

HOT CORNER

MONDAY,Ê MAYÊ 11,Ê 2009

VanceÊ Albitz
Baseball

TheÊ juniorÊ shortstopÊ recordedÊ twoÊ hitsÊ
andÊ scoredÊ twoÊ runsÊ fromÊ theÊ leadoff Ê

spotÊ inÊ theÊ CCAAÊ ChampionshipÊ game,Ê
andÊ wasÊ dubbedÊ theÊ tournamentÊ MVP.

TRITONSÊ WALKÊ OFFÊ WITHÊ CHAMPIONSHIP
Garrett Imeson’s ninth-inning single to center field drives in the winning run for UCSD.

[ UCSD 8, SSU 7 ]

Erik JEpsEn/Guardian FilE
After UCSD gave up four runs to the Seawolves in the top of the ninth inning, the Triton offense took back the lead with two runs in the bottom of the frame, picking up an 8-7 victory in the CCAA Tournament championship game.

By Janani Sridharan
Sports Editor

BASEBALL — Controlling the game with a 
three-run lead entering the ninth inning, the 
No. 4 Tritons looked to their closer to record the 
last three outs against Sonoma State University, 
well on their way to the team’s first California 
Collegiate Athletic Association Tournament 
Championship since 2005.

But the Seawolves sent 10 batters to the plate 
in the top of the ninth, plating four to take a 7-6 
lead. Down to their last three outs, the Tritons 
rallied to score the tying run on junior catcher 
Kellen Lee’s solo opposite-field home run before 
senior second baseman Garrett Imeson’s walk-
off single crowned UCSD as the champion.

“It was a great day for the program,” head 
coach Dan O’Brien said. “Championships are 
hard to come by and it’s something the guys will 
have for the rest of their lives.”

After capturing the regular-season confer-
ence title the previous weekend, the first-seeded 
Tritons took the CCAA Tournament crown with 
a 8-7 come-from-behind victory over Sonoma 
State on May 9 in Palm Springs, Calif. With the 
win, the Tritons earned the No. 1 seed in the 
NCAA West Regional, and will face Cal State 
Dominguez Hills in Keizer, Ore., on May 14. 

UCSD opened the tournament against 
fourth-seeded Cal State Dominguez Hills on 
May 7, and came out on the winning side of a 
2-1 pitchers’ duel. The Tritons followed up the 
low-scoring affair with a 16-1 dismantling of the 

second-seeded Seawolves on May 8, before the 
two teams met again in the championship game.

With the sun beating down in over 
100-degree weather, the Tritons sent sopho-
more Tim Shibuya to the mound against Cal 
State Dominguez Hills to start their playoff 
push. Shibuya blanked the Toros in the first five 
frames while UCSD’s lineup scored two runs in 
the second inning off a sacrifice fly from junior 
outfielder Robert Sedin and an RBI single from 
junior shortstop Vance Albitz. 

The Toros spoiled UCSD’s shutout with 
a run in the sixth, but both teams were held 
scoreless over the final three innings, allowing 
the Tritons to take the 2-1 victory. 

By John Beck 
Staff Writer

SOFTBALL — The season has come to a close 
for UCSD’s softball team. The No. 7 seed Tritons 
were eliminated from the NCAA Division-II 
West Regional following a 4-3 loss to Hawaii 
Pacific University on May 9. The Tritons began 
the four-team double elimination tournament 
with a 2-1 loss against second-seeded Hawaii 
Pacific on May 8. UCSD bounced back, avoiding 
elimination with a 2-1 win over sixth-seeded Cal 
State Monterey Bay on May 9, before falling for 
the second time to the Sea Warriors.

In the tournament’s opening game, the Sea 
Warriors put pressure on UCSD, taking an early 
1-0 lead in the first inning. Hawaii Pacific added 
another critical run in the third inning, pushing 
its lead to 2-0.

Trailing by two runs, the Tritons responded in 
the fifth inning, scoring a run and cutting Hawaii 

UCSD Falls in Hawaii Pacific Rematch Late-Season 
Surge Halted in 
the First Round

By Neil Joshi
Associate Sports Editor

MEN’S TENNIS — UCSD saw its season come 
to an end last Thursday, falling to Hawaii Pacific 
University 5-1 in a first-round West Regional 
matchup in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii. The win pro-
pels the sixth-ranked Sea Warriors (14-4) to 
the 16-team NCAA National Tournament this 
month in Altamonte Springs, Fla. Meanwhile, the 
Tritons, making their 10th straight appearance in 
postseason play, finish the season with a 12-11 
record and a No. 36 national ranking.

“My four years here have gone by pretty fast,” 
said No. 1 Kazumi Negishi, one of two seniors 
who played their last career game. “It’s definitely 
surprising to see it coming to an end. I will miss 
the competition and the team camaraderie the 
most. It’s tough knowing that I will never get to 
play college tennis again.” 

Head coach Eric Steidlmayer said that Negishi 

ONE-RUNÊ DEFEATÊ
CUTSÊ SHORTÊ TRITONÊ

PLAYOFFÊ PUSH
By Neil Joshi
Associate Sports Editor

WOMEN’S TENNIS — For the second time 
this season, the women’s tennis team battled 
in a closely contested matchup with the Sea 
Warriors of Hawaii Pacific University. In the 
first match on March 2, the Tritons registered 
their season’s most dramatic win, defeating the 
Sea Warriors 5-4 to earn home court advantage 
for the inevitable rematch in the first round of 
the West Regional. This time around, however, 
it was the Sea Warriors who made the critical 
shots, edging the Tritons 5-3 on May 9 and end-
ing UCSD’s season with a 15-6 record.

“I’m very proud of what we were able 
to accomplish this season,” head coach Liz 
LaPlante said. “Once you make it this far, there’s 
a very fine line between winning and losing, but 
I couldn’t have asked my girls to give anything 
more than they gave. We did a lot better than we 
expected to do from the very beginning of the 
season and the girls really improved and earned 
some huge wins over the course of the year.”

UCSD got off to an encouraging start in 
doubles, jumping out to a 2-1 lead. But when it 
came to singles, the Sea Warriors fought back, 

See W. TENNIS,Êpage 11See SOFTBALL,Êpage 11 See M. TENNIS,Êpage 10

See BASEBALL,Êpage 10

JosEph ho/Guardian
The Tritons went ahead 2-1 after doubles play against Hawaii 
Pacific, but fell in four out of five singles matches.

ALL-CCAA TOURNAMENT TEAM

* Albitz was also named CCAA
  Tournament Most Valuable Player

CATCHER

FIRST BASE

SECOND BASE

THIRD BASE

SHORTSTOP

OUTFIELD

OUTFIELD

OUTFIELD

DES. HITTER

PITCHER

PITCHER

TRAVIS TARTAMELLA (CSULA)

BRANDON GREGORICH (UCSD)

GARRETT IMESON (UCSD)

JOSH TANNER (UCSD)

VANCE ALBITZ (UCSD)*

MATT MIRALDI (CSULA)

KYLE JONES (SSU)

ROBERT SEDIN (UCSD)

RYAN STEVENS (SSU)

GARY MORAN (SSU)

TREVOR DECKER (UCSD)


	051109News
	051109Opinion
	051109Focus
	051109Calendar
	051109Classified
	051109Sports



