
HIATUS  The Little 
Prince
Meet your new best friend: 
faithful, pre-shrunk and 
awaiting your services in a 
leather number for the ages.

INSIDESPORTS  An Epic 
Turnaround
Baseball: UCSD’s nine-game 
winning streak has vaulted the 
previously 23rd-ranked team 
to No. 6 in D-II. PAGE 12

ONLINE

April 2
 H 65 L 53

April 3
 H 57 L 48

April 4
H 64 L 47

April 5
H 67 L 50

WEATHER

www.ucsdguardian.org The Student Voice Since 1967

U N I V E R S I T Y  O F  C A L I F O R N I A ,  S A N  D I E G O

Thursday, April 2, 2009

Wait, they Make hoW Much? ▶ OpiniOn, page 4

PAGE 6

Poll: Is the UC Board of Regents 
doing enough to convert the 
university’s energy consumption 
to sustainable sources?

Tell us at www.ucsdguardian.org.

Comics ............................2
Currents ...........................2
New Business ..................3
As the Page Loads ..........4
Classifieds .....................10
Sudoku ..........................10

By Matthew McArdle
Senior Staff Writer

Touting individual platforms and shying 
away from direct personal criticism, candidates 
for next year’s A.S. presidency faced off at a 
midday debate Tuesday in Price Center Plaza. 
While all four called for increasing the council’s 
connection to students, they offered differ-
ent approaches to this longstanding A.S. goal, 
ranging from online polling and Library Walk 
tabling to creating an A.S. Twitter account.

Upgrading the Sun God Festival; fighting 
for free-speech rights on campus; reducing the 
Grove Caffe’s massive debt; expanding athletics 
programs; streamlining student organization 
funding allocations; and working to reduce UC 
student fees rounded out the major issues on 
the candidates’ platforms.

Hoping to extend her slate’s three-year 
streak in the council’s top office, Student Voice! 
candidate Erin Brodwin stressed her dedication 
to student empowerment, access and affordabil-
ity and building a strong campus community.

Brodwin, the current associate vice presi-
dent of local affairs, said she was the best candi-
date for the job because her experience working 
with student organizations, administrators and 
campuswide committees has afforded her the 
ability to address student needs from multiple 
perspectives.

Sixth College junior Utsav Gupta, current 
associate vice president of student organiza-
tions, is running as an independent candidate 
after failing to secure the backing of Student 
Voice!. 

Though he identified with Brodwin on 
many issues, Gupta stressed that he would also 
work to “uncage” the Sun God Festival from 
RIMAC Field — challenging the unpopular 
model implemented last year in response to 
safety concerns — and institute an annual Fall 
Quarter survey to gauge student priorities.

Clean Slate candidate Adam Teitelbaum, 
former president of fraternity Alpha Epsilon 
Pi, criticized previous Student Voice! admin-
istrations, asserting that the A.S. Council had 
become out of touch with the average student 
because of its extensive bureaucracy. 

Teitelbaum said that if elected, he would 
attend campus events and establish AOL Instant 
Messenger, Facebook and Twitter accounts for 
the council — a grassroots effort to gather 
peer input and make sure students set the A.S. 
agenda, not administrators. 

Giang Pham, a Thurgood Marshall College 
junior running independently, made a brief 
statement criticizing the administration for its 
handling of the Literature Building cancer clus-
ter. He then stood up and exited the stage, 
declaring, “Don’t vote for me.”

During the last 45 minutes of the debate, 
candidates fielded questions from audience 
members about issues ranging from the cost 
of housing and dining to funding for campus 
nightclub the Loft to due process during evic-
tion proceedings. 

Students will cast their votes in the 2009-10 
A.S. elections on TritonLink from April 6 to 
April 10.

Readers can contact Matthew McArdle at matt.
mcardle@gmail.com.

Candidates Grilled at Presidential Debate Regents Approve 
$1M in Admin Pay 
Raises, Executive 

Appointments

By Kelsey Wong
Staff Writer

Within the last two months, the UC Board 
of Regents hired two news administrators and 
awarded several existing executives with bonus-
es, promotions and salary increases  — and 
politicians and members of the public across 
California are not having it.

The new Office of the President executives 
will be receiving base salaries of over $350,000;  
the former chancellors of UC San Francisco and 
UC Davis will receive $315,000 and $402,000 
this  year, respectively, while on administrative 
leave.

According to the San Francisco Chronicle, 
the regents also approved perks and pay 
increases of up to 22.3 percent to a half dozen 
senior managers since January.

The controversial cash appointments took 
place in the middle of a $415 million budget 
deficit, alongside a push by the regents to cut 
student enrollment and increase tuition.

Sen. Leland Yee (D-San Francisco/San 
Mateo) has condemned the regents’ decisions 
as an unjustified violation of the public’s trust. 

“The UC continues to disrespect the tax-
payers, students and their low-wage workers 
and faculty,” Yee said in a statement. “The UC 
administration and regents continuously violate 
the public trust by catering to the university’s 

Public, lawmakers furious 
over exorbitant administrative 
perks and pay amid systemwide 
financial uncertainty. 

Three A.S. hopefuls offer
promises of change, visions of 
dramatically improved
council-student relations.

UC Defends Admissions 
Overhaul Before Lawmakers
By Vanessa Do
Senior Staff Writer 

The UC Board of Regents defend-
ed its recent overhaul of systemwide 
freshman admissions standards before 
a state legislative panel on Tuesday. 
The hearing was scheduled in response 
to vocal outcry from critics of the 
changes. 

Facing scrutiny from interest 
groups and legislators who assert that 
the university should have sought 
greater public input before approving 
the new eligibility guidelines, represen-
tatives from the UC Academic Senate 
— who conducted the research behind 
the changes — insisted that under-
privileged students now have a better 
opportunity to attend a UC campus.

The regents approved the chang-
es at their February meeting in San 
Francisco. Beginning fall 2012, appli-
cants will not be required to take the 
SAT subject tests, which university 

officials found prevented students with 
fewer resources from applying. The 
new policy will also create an “entitled 
to review” option that allows appli-
cants who have completed only a por-
tion of required courses by their junior 
year in high school to submit an appli-
cation for consideration. 

The panel also addressed con-

Courtesy of simone Wilson
Top: The candidates are asked what they will do to prevent 
students from being kicked out of on-campus housing for 
alcohol offenses. Above: Current A.S. President Donna Bean 
details the hardships of the position to the three hopefuls. 

THE REAL WORLD IS VIRTUAL

Erik JEpsEn/Guardian

Over 150 local high-school students visited UCSD as part of the San Diego Science Festival April 1, where they were treated to a demonstration of the StarCAVE, 
a virtual simulation facility at Calit2, and the Varrier, another 3-D virtual reality display. See ADMISSIONS, page 3

See EXECUTIVE, page 3

0

10 20 30 40 50

New

Current

White

Asian

Latino

Black

4%

4-5%

19%

19-22%

36%

29-32%

Current Policy

New Policy*

White

Asian

Latino

Black

41-44%

34%

Source: www.ucop.edu

ADMIT DEMOGRAPHICS

PAGE 12

*Projected



2 NEWS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009

Page Layout
Regina Ip, Emily Ku, Monique Lam, Sonia Minden, 

Jonathan Shan, Naomi Shiffman, Kathleen Yip

Monica Bachmeier

Mike Martinez

Alfredo H Vilano Jr

Dara Bu                        
 Julia Peterson

Michael Neill

Shawn Xu

General Manager

Advertising Manager

Advertising Art Director

Student Advertising/
Promotion Managers

Network Administrator

Advertising Sales Rep

Matthew McArdle

Hadley Mendoza
Nicole Teixeira
Simone Wilson

Smruti Aravind
Allie Cuerdo

Reza Farazmand

Jesse Alm
Yelena Akopian

Kimberly Cheng

Alyssa Bereznak

Trevor Cox

Janani Sridharan

Neil Joshi

David Harvey

Joanna Cardenas
Stephanie Tsank

Sonia Minden

Allie Cuerdo
Edwin Gonzalez

Erik Jepsen

Emily Ku

Christina Aushana

Patrick Stammerjohn

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

Copy Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Associate Focus Editors

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editors

Photo Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Web Designer

Business Assistants
Salvador Gallegos, Charissa Ginn,

Tiffany Han, Maggie Leung, Frank Pak 
Advertising Design and Layout 

George Chen, Brandon Chu, Kim Cooper, Jenny Ting Wang 

Distributors
Alaric Bermudez, Charissa Ginn, Scott Havrisik, Josh Ottoson

Marketing and Promotion Reps
Dara Bu, Tracy Hua, Maggie Leung, Kathleen Ngo, Lisa Tat

U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316

Copy Readers
Amy Guzdar, Jonathan Kim, Kelsey Marrujo,               
Naomi Sweo, Anita Vergis, Danielle Warren

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2008, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. No, that’s just Kris Gregorian. 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 editor@ucsd-
guardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news1@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-5226, features@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 

Opinion: 858-534-6582, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Photo: 858-534-6582, photo@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

UCSD sent out an erroneous 
e-mail Monday inviting all students 
who had applied for Fall Quarter 
2009 to their college orientation — 
even those who had been rejected.

“The minute the e-mails were 
sent out, we noted that it was sent 
to a much larger pool than was 
admitted,” Admissions Director Mae 
Brown said in a statement. “We 
immediately recognized the error.”

The invitations were intended 
for the 18,000 students who were 
accepted by the university, but were 
instead sent to all 47,000 students 
who applied, Brown said. 

“We’re thrilled that you’ve been 
admitted to [UCSD], and we’re 
showcasing our beautiful campus on 
Admit Day,” the e-mail read. 

Within two hours, Brown sent an 
e-mail apologizing for any distress 
the mistake may have caused stu-
dents.

“In all humility, I ask that you 
please accept my apologies and 
those of [UCSD], and know that we 

continue to wish you success in your 
educational pursuits,” she wrote. 

Many parents have complained 
that the e-mail added insult to injury 
for students who were already over-
wrought by the college application 
process. Brown said every admis-
sions officer was on hand to take 
phone calls from applicants and their 
parents on Tuesday, adding that she 
stayed at her office until midnight on 
Monday, responding to e-mails and 
phone messages.

“They are deeply concerned that 
we have been insensitive in that we 
already denied this student and then 
sent them a notice inviting them to 
Admit Day,” Brown said. “They are 
upset that happened, and rightly 
so.”

Brown said a complete review 
of the situation was currently under 
way. 

The California Center for 
Sustainable Energy recognized 
Vice Chancellor of Business Affairs 

Stephen Relyea and UCSD’s trans-
portation department for contri-
butions to energy efficiency at 
the annual San Diego Excellence 
in Energy awards ceremony last 
week.

Relyea’s achievements include 
the implementation of several sus-
tainable technologies and the forma-
tion of the climate solutions work 
group — a committee comprised of 
faculty, staff and students charged 
with the development of campus 
energy projects.

“UCSD has made increasingly 
more impressive achievements in 
energy-efficient building construction 
and maintenance, electricity genera-
tion and alternative transportation,” 
Executive Director of CCSE Irene 
Stillings said in a statement.

Director of Parking and 
Transportation Brian d’Autremont 
accepted an award recognizing his 
department for substantial energy 
savings and reduced carbon dioxide 
emissions. Alternative transporta-
tion — such as the free bus zones 
and the vanpool, transit and Coaster 
programs — all contributed to the 
department’s achievement. 

UCSD biologists have uncovered 
a link between a protein involved in 
both diabetes and eczema — one 
that plays a critical role in the heal-
ing of surface wounds.

In the March 26 issue of the 
journal Nature, researchers reported 
that the protein, known as cas-
pase 8, is deficient in humans with 
eczema and excessive in diabet-
ics — a discovery that may explain 
why many diabetics suffer severe 
complications from minor cuts and 
scrapes, while those with eczema 
exhibit a chronic inflammation of 
the skin. 

“[Humans with] eczema and 
diabetics with complications from 
impaired wound healing are both 
rising dramatically, and we hope 
that our current efforts will contrib-
ute to alleviating the pain and suf-
fering of the millions of people with 
these diseases,” Colin Jamora, the 
assistant professor of biology who 
headed the research team, said in 
a statement.

Administrators Awarded 
for Green Initiatives

Campus E-Mail Mistakenly 
Welcomes All Applicants

Currents
Campus Researchers Find 

Link to Healing Process

TwO COkes shOrT

sunny-side up

 By Sam Pelle

 By PhiliP Rhie

THU GRAD ISSUE
Order Graduation Announcements in the Guardian!

Watch for our link soon at

 For more details,
call 858.534.3467

www.ucsdguardian.org

sample

sample

6.4

BEN:

The Frostens
onsgood

 luck in the re
al world!

Casey,
on your Graduation

We love you and
wish you the greatestsuccess in the world.

Love,
The Martinez’s

Congratulations



THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 THE UCSD GUARDIAN NEWS  3 

cerns over the changes in admission 
demographics that could be brought 
on by the new standards, an issue that 
first arose after a number of Asian-
American organizations expressed 
concern over the university’s projec-
tion that the modified admissions stan-
dards could result in up to 7 percent 
fewer Asian admits due to the elimina-
tion of the SAT subject tests. Research 
has shown that Asian Americans tend 
to perform well on these exams. The 
same estimates found that admission 
of white applicants could rise by as 
much as 10 percent under the new 
policy, while that of black and Chicano 
applicants would barely increase.  

Retired UC Berkeley admissions 
officer Patrick Hayashi said the uni-
versity should suspend the policy and 
begin consultations with members of 
the public before proceeding with the 

changes. 
“The UC has an obligation to con-

sult widely when it makes a major 
change in admissions eligibility poli-
cies,” Hayashi said.

However, UC Academic Senate 
chair Mary Croughan, who also 
attended Tuesday’s hearing, said the 
policy had been under development 
for two years and that lawmakers and 
members of the public were kept well 
informed during the process.

Hayashi also griped that the new 
policy shrouds the admissions process 
in uncertainty by declarifying admis-
sions requirements.

“If you do the minimum required, 
you don’t know what will happen,” 
he said. “Thousands of people will be 
denied and they won’t know why. The 
move from clarity and transparency 
to uncertainty and ambiguity is bad 
public policy.” 

A leaflet distributed at the hearing 
emphasized that the main objective of 
the new policy is to “invite and con-
sider applications from the broadest 
possible group of qualified students, 
thereby improving the overall fairness 
and educational soundness of UC’s 
freshman admission outcomes.”

Steve Boilard, director of higher 
education for the Legislative Analyst’s 
Office, said the university overstepped 
its authority by implementing the new 
admissions requirements.

“We are concerned that the new 
policy increases uncertainty for stu-
dents, that it departs from the Master 
Plan, that it could create cost pressures 
for enrollment growth and that there 
is no clear, consistent rationale for the 
changes,” he said. 

Readers can contact Vanessa Do at 
v3do@ucsd.edu.

Councilmembers were remark-ably boisterous for the first A.S. meeting of the quarter, 
which coincidentally fell on April 
Fools’ Day. 

Associate Vice President of 
Programming Garrett Berg gave a 
special presentation on this year’s 
Sun God Festival, promising a slew 
of positive changes for the May 15 
event. Berg and his office are hop-
ing to get the colleges more involved 
with activities in the week leading up 
to the event, to create a campuswide 
Sun God spirit 
and compensate 
for the fact that 
the entire cam-
pus would not be 
open to festival-
related antics.

A number of 
joke legislation pieces were submitted 
to the order of business, including an 
A.S. Support of Human Life docu-
ment and an A.S. Resolution Against 
Resolutions.

Nearly an hour was spent on 
laughter-filled discourse about pre-
tend bills in committee.

“Can we get on to real stuff, 
because I’m getting tired,” Revelle 
College Senator Katie Hall finally 
said, interrupting colleagues’ quips.

After a brief discussion of whether 
April 20 should be declared Meghan 
Clair Day in honor of All-Campus 
Senator Meghan Clair — the motion 
failed — the council moved on to real 
bills in committee. 

The evening’s major piece of leg-
islation involved changes to the A.S. 
Constitution that would eliminate 
voting powers of the vice presidents 
and president. It would also give the 
president veto power, which could be 
overridden by a three-fourths vote by 
the senate.

“I thought this was an April Fools’ 

joke when I first saw it,” All-Campus 
Senator Chris Westling said before 
explaining his discomfort with grant-
ing the position of president veto 
power.

The council decided to split the 
two issues for separate discussion and 
spent two hours discussing whether 
the executives should have voting 
power.

Associate Vice President of 
Academic Affairs Lana Blank 
informed the council that the rec-
ommended constitutional changes 

were consistent 
with the constitu-
tion that preceded 
the last two years, 
adding that she 
did not believe 
the current sys-
tem of giving 

the executives voting privileges has 
helped unify the council.

“I think we did have a better 
functioning senate and exec with 
the old system,” Sixth College 
Senator John Cressey said. “Too 
often we’ve seen the interest of 
offices supercede the interest of the 
students.”

In the end, the council remained 
undecided on the changes. The ver-
dict on whether the executives should 
be able to vote will be resolved with 
a open roll call vote to be tallied 
this Friday. The issue of whether the 
president will have veto power was 
tabled for a week.

Patience around the room was 
noticeably wearing thin as side con-
versations picked up toward the end 
of the meeting, forcing A.S. Speaker 
Jordan Taylor to bang his gavel. 
Councilmembers were reminded 
of the date and tried to lighten the 
mood before scurrying out of the 
forum chambers to enjoy the remain-
der of a day of pranks.

Jokes and Fools Abound as Council 
Debates Constitutional Revisions

Connie Shieh
cshieh@ucsd.edu

New
Business

@ La Jolla Marriott

                 Salsa lessons
from 8:30 - 9:30pm

Dancing to Salsa, Merengue, Bachata & Cha cha - live DJs
Occasional dance shows!

$7 cover • Free B/4 8:30 pm • 21 & over
We promote Salsa a total of six nights a week at San Diego's hottest clubs.

Also Salsa Fri & Sat - LJ Marriott

Full details at:
www.RumbaEntertainment.com

elite rather than serving the students, 
faculty and workers they are appoint-
ed to represent. The public deserves 
better.”

Adam Keigwin, Yee’s chief of staff, 
added that executives already get paid 
a healthy salary.

In response to Yee’s remarks and 
a March 25 Chronicle article criticiz-
ing the UC system’s actions, regents 
Chair Richard C. Blum and President 
Mark G. Yudof coauthored a follow-
up piece that ran in the next day’s 
Chronicle.

Blum and Yudof pointed out in 
their op-ed that the university has 
instituted a systemwide freeze on 
bonuses, incentive pay and salaries for 
all senior management, and are work-
ing to curtail faculty recruitment. 

They also claimed the university 
is working toward severely cutting 

back on nonessential expenses such 
as business travel, and is trying its 
hardest to reduce UCOP operating 
costs in order to minimize cuts to 
student programs. 

“It’s a difficult balancing act: We 
are reducing budgets and staffing in 
many areas to deal with the signifi-
cant shortfall in state funding, but 
at the same time, we have an obliga-
tion to the public to continue the 
work of the university,” UC spokes-
man Paul Schwartz said.

The UC Student Association 
hopes the UC system will prioritize 
students at the regents’ next meeting 
in May.

“Speaking on the behalf of stu-
dents, we understand that it’s a dif-
ficult time with the university and 
the state,” UCSA president Lucero 
Chavez said. “Students are first pri-
ority with fees going up at an unrea-

sonable pace. We as students don’t 
want to see student fee increases 
paying for any additional increases 
that the university puts on.”

Yee has proposed new legislation 
that would prohibit pay raises for 
executives in years that the regents 
vote to raise student fees. He said 
he hopes his his bill, titled SB 217, 
will put and end to “UC’s egregious 
compensation practices.” 

“The goal is not to have the best 
paid executives in the country, but 
rather, we’re looking to provide the 
best education possible,” Keigwin said.

SB 217 will be heard by the 
Senate Education Committee with-
in the next few weeks, and could 
be passed as soon as this summer, 
according to Keigwin.

Readers can contact Kelsey Wong at 
klw009@ucsd.edu.

Yee: Excessive Salaries Undermine Student Interests 
▶ EXECUTIVE, from page 1

New Policy Could Shortchange Asian Americans
▶ ADMISSIONS, from page 1



OPINION
4

CONTACT THE EDITOR
Alyssa Bereznak

opinion@ucsdguardian.org

The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or Associated Students.

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009

Flops to the UCSD Admissions Office 
for incorrectly sending an Admit Day 

e-mail invitation to approximately 
28,000 rejected applicants.

Props to first lady Michelle Obama for 
choosing to speak at UC Merced’s 
commencement ceremony, honoring the 
university’s first graduating class.

Remember how much applying to college sucked? The entire second half of high school was 
spent in a scramble to fill in as many 
multiple-choice bubbles, cram in as 
many AP practice tests and tally up as 
many extra community-service hours 
as humanly possible — all while keep-
ing that qualified, well-rounded smile 
sparkly enough to cover the fresh 
stench of bull.

So you’d think the new UC admis-
sions policy — which eliminates 
those superfluous SAT subject tests, 
offered at 5 a.m. Saturday morning 
for reasons most likely not of conve-
nience, and gives students without 
the resources to complete all required 

courses a chance for comprehen-
sive review — would be welcomed 
with open arms by all us psycho-
logically wounded vets of the system. 
Especially in conjunction with the 
new guaranteed admission windows, 
adjusted to include more students 
(even if they’ll probably just end up 
at Merced) in the top of their class at 
less advantaged schools, who maybe 
wouldn’t have stood out statewide.

Of course, the cutting of so much 
red tape will mean a tidal wave of 
newly eligible applications: Officials 
expect 30,000 more applicants for fall 
2012, when the policy will go into 
effect. It would be virtually impossible 
for UCSD readers to review such a 

range in applications with its existing 
point system, since many hopefuls 
won’t bring AP-inflated grades to the 
table, and so much more weight will 
be put on circumstance. But a fade to 
anything humanized should be appre-
ciated at this point — considering we 
can’t even add classes (not to mention 
friends) without plugging in anymore.

There’s always someone who feels 
like he’s getting the short end of the 
stick. This time, it’s Asian-American 
interest groups, less than thrilled to 
learn the number of admitted Asian 
students would most likely drop, see-
ing as they’re such stellar subject tes-
ters. But projections are too prelimi-
nary to take seriously, since Asian stu-

dents could easily apply those efforts 
to all that other crap the university 
still requires, and end up as the reign-
ing ratio once again. And in the end, 
no matter what the slight shifts in 
demographic, we’re all just a bunch of 
people trying to get an education; may 
the best man win on the most level 
playing field possible.

One gripe remains legit: The 
regents should have allowed for a bit 
more public input and a better anal-
ysis of these demographic impacts 
before they up and passed those 
changes. But of all the policies passed 
under less-than-ideal circumstances, 
this is one for which they actually 
deserve some props.

Meeting the University of California’s current $450 million shortfall is no easy 
task. Throughout the 2008-09 aca-
demic year the university has scoured 
its budget for places to cut, freezing 
senior-executive pay, shrinking pro-
grams, eliminating excess expenses, 
tweaking energy policies and curbing 
faculty recruitment. Recently, the UC 
regents have thrown up their hands in 
budgetary defeat and conceded they 
will most likely raise student fees in 
May. The supposed problem: They just 
don’t know where else to find funds. 
But considering the regents’ decision 
last week to hire two executives at sala-
ries of more than $350,000 a year, this 
board knows exactly where to start.

In addition to these new hires, the 
regents granted a year of paid adminis-
trative leave to two former chancellors 
at salaries exceeding $300,000. They 
also approved a 22.3 percent “pre-
emptive retention” raise for a financial 
officer, increasing his annual base sal-
ary from $310,800 to $380,000. These 
extravagant benefits came just two 
months after UC President Mark G. 
Yudof instituted a plan freezing 285 
executive salaries. Of course, immedi-
ately after he instituted the plan, Yudof 
flaunted an exception in the policy’s 
language: Administrators could con-
sider salary increases on a case-by-case 
basis for employee retention. 

The university’s decision to tiptoe 
around its own budgetary measure 
proves that the pay freeze is like most 
of the university’s proposals: a public-
ity stunt that offer little scope in an 
economic crisis that’s not disappearing 
anytime soon. 

In January, regents decided 
to streamline the UC Office of the 
President by shuffling unrelated pro-

grams to different departments — sup-
posedly cutting down its spending by 
simply relocating costs.

In February, Yudof boasted his 
commitment to affordable education 
when he passed a plan that fully cov-
ered student fees for students whose 
families earn $60,000 or less. But this 
program simply streamlined existing 
aid sources and didn’t cost the uni-
versity much more than it was already 
paying.

And now, by abusing its own pay 
freeze loop holes, university high-
er-ups have added another shallow 
attempt at budget reductions to its 
ever-growing list. 

Though the pay freeze is only in 
place until the 2009-10 fiscal year (a 
naive time limit for anyone who rec-
ognizes California’s budget will take 
much longer to fix), administrators 
couldn’t wait a mere 18 months to 

inflate their already six-figure salaries.
That’s why our university must 

institute long-term salary freezes that 
consider a future deficit, and stick to 
them. Keeping up with market sal-
ary rates — as Yudof described it in 
a San Francisco Chronicle op-ed last 
week — by offering $80,000 retention 
packages is not a viable option for an 
institution that is cutting admissions 
acceptance rates and increasing stu-
dent fees. 

Stricter limits must be placed on 
administrative leave salaries and ben-
efits. No employee should receive a 
$300,000 salary, let alone any annual 
pay above $60,000, if they’re not direct-
ly serving the university. Our public 
institution simply can’t afford to sup-
port a six-figure paycheck when we’re 
not seeing anything in return. 

The university cannot continue 
to renege on its promises of a more 

accountable and less wasteful adminis-
tration. With the possibility of student 
fee hikes as soon as summer session, 
it won’t be long until college becomes 
so unaffordable there won’t be anyone 
left to gouge.

University Credibility Evaporates as Pay Freezes Melt

Ben hOlM/GUARDIAN

Local Transit’s Fading Heartbeat Calls for Public Resuscitation
By Trevor Cox
Associate Opinion Editor 

LOCAL NEWS — The ability to travel 
from one place to another is a pretty 
basic necessity — but those in San 
Diego County without a car may want 
to consider investing in a new, com-
fortable pair of kicks, because unless 
we resist current threats to public 
transportation, the most dependable 
form of transit for non-driving San 
Diego residents will be provided by 
their own two feet.

Since 1971, San Diego has relied 
on the State Transit Assistance fund to 
supplement money for public transit. 
But in light of the current state budget 
crisis, those funds are about to run dry 
for at least five years, presenting an 
$11 million deficit to the San Diego 
Metropolitan Transit System, the pri-
mary public transport provider in the 

county. As a kneejerk response to the 
impending shortfall, the MTS board 
voted in an 11-2 decision last week to 
scale back a whopping 37 bus routes 
(which would go into effect this June) 
and to implement service fare hikes, 
buying MTS an estimated $4.7 million.

To be fair, MTS hasn’t had very 
much time to respond to the bud-
get cuts; they came into law with the 
approval of the new California state 
budget on February 19. Before any 
of the cuts were approved, MTS con-
ducted extensive research to determine 
which routes are the most profitable 
and widely used. The routes that will 
be cut back in June are those that 
have the lowest ridership; MTS deter-
mined which routes are ridden most 
infrequently and at which hours, and 
adjusted their schedule accordingly. 

It also held presentations at different 
transit centers to discuss the possibility 

of such changes, taking into account 
public feedback before reaching a final 
decision. But none of that changes the 
fact that the board approved to cut ser-
vices before sufficiently investigating 
funding alternatives.

Board members suggested real-
locating stimulus funds to MTS 
at a March 27 meeting of the San 
Diego Association of Governments’ 
Transportation Committee — soon 
shot down, as opposing members 
expressed a reluctance to impose a 
one-time fix on the transit system. 
But the recently approved $4.7 million 
in service cuts certainly don’t provide 
the sort of panacea MTS needs either. 
San Diego City Councilwoman and 
MTS board member Sherri Lightner, 
who was one of two board members 
to reject the approved service cuts 
and fare hikes, said that at this point, 
the board doesn’t know how or where 

MTS will find other sources of fund-
ing, though she advocate going to 
SANDAG for funding. 

Despite the fact that SANDAG 
stands to inherit $127 million in fund-
ing for transportation from federal 
stimulus dollars, those funds are going 
almost entirely to highway revisions. 

While a one-time bailout from 
SANDAG would only postpone the 
damage to MTS, that time could 
prove tremendously valuable in locat-
ing funds. Santa Rosa County’s City 
Bus, for instance, plans to lean on a 
reserve of surplus funds for the next 
15 months as it looks to find new 
sources for operating funds. Though it 
estimates that at the end of that period 
it, like other public transit providers, 
would face a $20 million deficit, the 
logic is that it makes more sense to 

Media Devotees 
Flock to Social 

Networking 
Aviary

It’s easy to reel off a few names when it comes to publishing: Houghton Mifflin, for one, 
should be familiar to UCSD stu-
dents. They’re the guys stiffing you 
another $300 for that new chem-
istry book with the extra graph or 
problem set every couple years. 
Unfortunately, it’s been getting 
tougher and tougher to put a finger 

on who will be the new royalty of 
the publishing world in a few years; 
revenues at traditional venues nose-
dive as a casualty of the informa-
tion available online. Move aside, 
Houghton. Enter, Twitter.com.

At the risk of sounding like a huge 
nerd, I’ve got to say Twitter has abso-
lutely blown up in the college sphere
recently. While I admit the premise 
is creepy and even a little disturb-
ing (Who really needs to know your 
every thought? Not me), in practice it 
works wonderfully as a news distri-
bution center. I can easily follow (not 
stalk, that’s Facebook) prospective 
employers, especially those at small 
companies where the head honcho 
actually has to write the updates him-
self. It’s a great way to check out 
people you may be working for, or 
with, in the future; it can also bring 
people with niche interests together. 
Oh, you like competitive bass fishing 
too? Awesome.

Twitter’s greatest use may be its 
ability to connect companies with 
their constituencies. It’s obvious that 
Southwest Airlines prides itself on 
being young and lively, and its Twitter 
feels like an introduction to the 
apparently young, lively people who 
work there. A recent tweet linked to 
a blog entry listing instructions to be 
the best pickup artist on your next 
flight.

You also get to find out what 
famous people are up to. Newsflash: 
Barack Obama does not personally 
update his Twitter. Now that I’ve 
ruined the equivalent of Santa Claus 
for all of you faithful believers, wipe 
away those tears, and realize the 
power inherent in getting the chance 
to talk to even Obama’s press secre-
tary’s intern’s sister’s ex-boyfriend — 
or whoever they have posting tweets. 

Yes, updates are called tweets. 
Silly, right? I don’t know who came 
up with the terminology: Oh wait, it 
was probably Jack Dorsey, founder 
of Twitter, and a paradoxically ter-
rible Twitterer. Recent tweet: “Buying 
some Camper shoes.” One hour later: 
“Shoes on, time to walk and discover.” 
This kind of overuse (abuse?) makes 
Twitter an easy target for naysayers.

But while instances of social net-
working faux pas abound — that guy 
who called in sick and then posted 
pictures of himself in a sparkly green 
fairy costume at a Halloween celebra-
tion comes to mind — that’s not the 
only thing to watch out for as you 
delve deeper into the tweet-sphere. 
The speed at which Twitter operates, 
as well as the prevalence of cell phone
use connected with the site, function 
both as the reason for its popularity, 
and a reason to take care what you 

See PAGE, page 5See TRANSIT, page 5

Since When Do We Crave More Standardized Testing?

Matthew McArdle
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Hadley Mendoza
Simone Wilson

MANAGING EDITORS

Reza Farazmand
NEWS EDITOR

Alyssa Bereznak
OPINION EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at 
the University of California at San Diego. Contents © 
2007. Views expressed herein represent the majority 

vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily 
those of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or 

the members of the Guardian staff. 

EDITORIALS

Sarah de Crescenzo
sdecresc@ucsd.edu

As the Page
Loads



thursday, april 2, 2009 the uCsd Guardian OpiniOn 5

post. 
Recently, in a move that provides 

direct evidence for my theory that 
the human population is getting 
dumber by the second, a man posted 
a few sentences following an inter-
view that ended in a job offer. His 
choice to tweet his indecision about 
making a tradeoff between getting 
a “fatty paycheck” and the fact that 
he would assuredly “hate the work,” 
begs the question: Who would hire 
this moron?

When a representative for the 
company responded moments later, 
informing him that the company was 
indeed aware of the invention of the 
Internet, and in fact used it on a regu-
lar basis, the potential hire immedi-
ately shut down his account, but the 
damage was done. 

Within hours, a Web site, 
YouTube parodies and millions of 
tweets related to the debacle were 
floating around online. 

You kind of have to feel for the 
guy. This is so different from the 
days of yore when you could bash 

a company prepared to pay you big 
bucks in a tanking economy and 
not have it emerge until the guy you 
share a cubicle with gets drunk at 
the company holiday party and tells 
your boss. That gives you months of 
income to live off of once they fire 
your ass.

Whether you’re looking for a job 
upon graduation, keeping up with 
your favorite columnist’s latest rant 
or you just find it hilarious that 
Ashton Kutcher recently posted a 
TweetPic of his wife in her swim-
suit without telling her, just think 
of Twitter as the new Facebook, 
but with less photos of drunken 
nights and a higher chance of actu-
ally accomplishing something with 
all the time you spend on it.

Houghton Mifflin doesn’t seem to 
have a Twitter account, and judging 
from the number of friends I have 
pissed off about their book prices, 
it seems like the right time for the 
company to start forming connec-
tions with the people putting money 
in their pockets. @HoughtonMifflin: 
get with the program.

A Drop From The Inkwell By Priscilla Lázaro

For details visit: 
www.samuelmerritt.edu/immersion

or contact 
Andre Singleton 

at 510-869-6511, x 4297

Premier Health Sciences since 1909

The top-rated California
School of Podiatric
Medicine (CSPM) 
at Samuel Merritt
University in 
Oakland, CA is 
offering a FREE
CSPM Immersion
Week to learn about
podiatry firsthand
• Shadow faculty

and students
• Attend lectures
• Participate in

MCAT strategy 
session

• Receive 
admission and 
financial aid 
information

Explore the Profession
of Podiatric Medicine

Apply by May 1, 2009 for

CSPM 
Immersion Week

July 20 – 24, 2009

Limited to 15 candidates

“The school has a great history and an
outstanding reputation. The faculty is
well known nationally and internation-
ally. The quality of education is just the
best out there.”

David Tran, DPM, graduate

Soundtrack available on iTunes

Become a fan of Adventureland at facebook.com/miramaxBecome a fan of Adventureland at facebook.com/miramax
Adventurelandthefilm.comAdventurelandthefilm.com

In theaters APRIL 3RDIn theaters APRIL 3RD

CAMP PRE - COLLEGE 6X8 3/24/09 3:44PM
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA - SAN DIEGO

ARTWORK © 2009 MIRAMAX FILM CORP.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

MIRAMAX FILMS PRESENTS IN ASSOCIATION WITH SIDNEY KIMMEL ENTERTAINMENT  THIS IS THAT PRODUCTION 
“ADVENTURELAND” TRACY MCKNIGHT  YO LA TENGO  WILLIAM HORBERG  BRUCE TOLL

SIDNEY KIMMEL  ANNE CAREY  TED HOPE
GREG MOTTOLAWRITTEN AND DIRECTED BY

PRODUCED
BY

EXECUTIVE
PRODUCERS

MUSIC
BY

MUSIC
SUPERVISOR

From the director of SUPERBADFrom the director of SUPERBAD

“DIRECTOR GREG MOTTOLA 
HAS CRAFTED A CLASSIC THAT A 

GENERATION WILL GROW UP WITH.
I love ‘Adventureland’. It’s one of this year’s rare treats.”

AIN’T IT COOL NEWS

“★★★★ IT’S HILARIOUS.
An irresistible story that sparks with comic life.

Put it on the top of your list.”
-Dera Revel, SIXTY SECOND PREVIEW

Print Classifieds available: $5 for 30 words per issue

FREE ONLINE
GUARDIAN CLASSIFIEDS

FOR UCSD STAFF & STUDENTS

sustain services for as long as pos-
sible while simultaneously evaluating 
future changes. MTS may not have the 
privilege of an operational surplus, but 
a funding allocation from SANDAG 
would serve the same purpose: to offer 
MTS desperately needed time to look 
into new sources, as it has never faced 
this kind of challenge in the past. State 
funding has always been a primary 
source of operational funding.

The focus, at this point, must be 
on maintaining and sustaining the 
services that MTS already provides. 
Nevermind the fact that it takes more 
than three times as long to get to 

the Gaslamp Quarter from campus by 
bus than it does by car, and that crit-
ics of current public transit services 
complain of inefficiency and incon-
venience; thanks to a little something 
called the budget crisis, our system 
only stands to get worse — unless we 
actively seek new sources of funding, 
such as SANDAG.

The elimination of these routes will 
naturally hold direct consequences for 
students. Decreased bus access means 
decreased mobility; students won’t be  
nearly as able to access the greater 
San Diego area through connecting 
lines. Limiting public transit access 
limits student access to internships, to 

job interviews and to the world out-
side our cozy La Jolla bubble. Public 
transportation ridership as a whole 
has risen recently in response to the 
current economic crisis; we can’t justify 
immediately cutting routes when more 
and more people are relying on them.

Lightner noted that San Diego can’t 
and won’t have a reliable public trans-
portation base without reliable transit. 
Indeed, with the dramatic reduction of 
state funding, it’s critical that we look 
to new funding sources — or brace 
ourselves for a whole lot more walking.

Readers can contact Trevor Cox at 
t2cox@ucsd.edu.

Transit Service Must Buy Time for Long-Term Solutions
▶ TRANSIT, from page 4

With Great Access to Instant 
News Comes Great Responsibility
▶ PAGE, from page 4

OPINION
applications available online at www.ucsdguardian.org



I f you take the devoted trek out to Target to brush hips with a life-size Prince cut-out and cop his latest — 
aisle-style, for the full spinnable, 
scratchable experience — 
your LotusFlow3r track three 
will be “Morning After,” 
a My First Guitar Hero 
jangle so damn cute Kidz 
Bop won’t know where 
to tweak it. Prince may 
be the flyest second-
decader in the biz, but 
sun-through-the-curtains 
heartache this naive — sung into a hairbrush on 
a “High School Musical”-goes-to-college pirouette 
across the bedroom, in fuzzy pink slippers for sure 
— is seriously pushing it. (How is it that the king of 
glam-funk is all of a sudden deeper in the closet than 
fucking Zac Efron?)

If, on the other hand, in an even greater pledge of 
devotion, you pre-purchased the trifecta on Prince’s 
swirly-ass opium-den Web site, your track three will 
be “Crimson and Clover” (which has some “Wild Thing” thrown in 
for dramatic stop-and-go, and electric shreds to remind us how awe-
some it’ll sound on the Target tour). Hard to go wrong with a love-
hurts anthem this universally warm ‘n’ fuzzy, you’d think — but an 
over-Auto-Tuned falsetto salts even the most electric of the shreds 
into nothing more than a bed-bouncing air-guitar sesh. I mean, 
what does that say about the world, when motherfucking Prince 
think he needs Auto-Tune? We’d almost rather hear ourselves 
singing in the shower. Over and over… (SW)

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009

B eing a computer science major — as opposed to a writing major, like many of the staff 
members here at the Guardian — I 
have the unfortunate job of pen-
ning a column that isn’t really taken 
“seriously.” As such, most of the 
things I write about have no real 
semblance to the overall stature of 
publication. (Whether or not this is 
actually true, I can’t say, but it does 
allow me to speak my mind freely 
without the expectation of a writer’s 
lofty prose.)

The only real standard I’m asked 
to meet is to consistently share my 
expertise on one topic: video games. 
I’m given more freedom due to my 
lone “game” status, one that is most-
ly misunderstood, and that only a 
few in modern society truly get. 
Fewer wear it proudly, like a heart 
on a sleeve. 

That’s how it used to be, anyway.
As a gamer, I used to believe I 

was special. Well, not special per 
se, but I used to feel like I was in 
on an incredible secret, a hilarious 
inside joke. You know that feeling 
you get when you hear something 
really funny, and while you’re laugh-
ing your ass off, you laugh harder 
because some people don’t really get 
it? Yeah, that was me, all the time. 

Most people scoff at the mere 
mention of video games — but real-
ly, they scoff because they don’t get 
it. Many think gaming is reserved 
for misanthropes in their basement 
lairs. But their ignorance makes it 
that much more enjoyable for us: 
the pasty elitists. We not only get the 
joke, but we get that it’s fucking bril-
liant. We share, we laugh together, 
and most especially, we pity those 
who could never fully understand 
this sly brand of humor.

Inevitably, like everything mys-
terious and fascinating, the gamer 
eventually needed an explanation. 
At some point, the rest of the world 
had to know what the big deal was 
— after all, it’s human nature to rub-
berneck the rabbit in the hat. 

But, like a magic trick revealed, 
all the mystery and preciousness 
disappeared when games became 
the everyman pastime; something 
had invariably been lost in the mass 
appeal. We’ve reached a point where 
Playstation, Wii and other con-
soles have made gaming completely 
mainstream. 

To the unease of original gamers 
across the globe, it’s now cool to be 
a geek.

To be honest, though, it’s not all 
that surprising. The mass growth of 
video games probably has more in 
common with the rising popularity 
of comics than anything else. Upon 
their inception, comics were seen 
as a detriment to high literature 
for their picture-book appeal — 

When Gamers 
Were Geeks 
— and Liked 
It That Way

See HIT, page 9

PhiliP Rhie
prhie@ucsd.edu

Critical Hit!

PRINCE
YOUR VERY OWN Prince

■ LOtUSFLOW3R/
MPLSound/Elixer

BY SIMONE WILSON & ALLIE CUERDO

A prince under any other name (or symbol) would be just as charming — but 
then we wouldn’t get three discs 
for the low-low price of $11.98 
at our friendly neighborhood 
Target branch, would we?

The devout Jehovah’s 
Witness and ghost of “Purple Rain” barrels into ’09 

without a record label, doing all his own marketing 
for a newfangled attempt to evolutionize pop (yes, 

again) with LotusFlow3r, MPLSound and protege Bria Valente’s Elixer. 
Most tracks — especially Valente’s pillow-talk fantasies — are still 

slimed in sexual innuendo, but one toe-dip in this pond and the 
greater-power agenda becomes brutally clear.

He’s an international wax-museum staple and famer of 
every hall ever, and still, he’s here to serve you — of course, 

never forgetting to serve himself in the meantime. He’s a 
kid in the ProTools candy store on jumbled space-age 

defect LotusFlow3r, and the unspeakably bland Valente 
installment exists solely so he can pretend he has boobs 

for a day, talking sexy through her lips like this is 
“Lamb Chops: Night on the Town,” oversexed and 
underwhelming. MPLSound hits the most funkadelic 
groove of the bunch with “Kiss” and “1999,” albeit 
veering from Hendrix and James Brown into danger-
ously bubblegum blonde.

There’s still time for Prince to rebuild his ’80s 
throne, but he better hurry: The fat 51 is fast 

approaching this June, and dude just doesn’t 
rock the leather thong like he used to. Lend 

him a hand, will ya? I mean, when’s the last 
time you did something nice for Prince?

“The Morning After”/“Crimson and Clover”

W hile we scratch our chins over which version of track three was supposed to feel more exclusive, “4Ever” sneaks up for the crystal-clearest line of soul pain since original 
Sign O’ the Times’ big-love ballad “Forever in My Life.” 
Unfortunately, the whole thing melts into a barfy puddle 
of terrible screeching chori — only halfway redeemed 
by parting words “Stop lookin’ at me like dat/ Unless 
you’re wanting me to bite dat.” And just when we 
think he’s finally tossing the scripture for sexytime, 
first single “Colonized Time” waddles out. OK, so 
both the Dems and the Pubs are not to be trusted — 
could have told you that — but now you say the only 
answer to the corrupt two-party system is accepting 
God into our hearts? Shhh — baby don’t talk. (SW)

“Colonized Mind” A nother Like Me” is a scene-stopping ode to Prince’s own relevance — a class-act Slim Shady wading through a fog-machine bank of cocky genius. “Ask your mother/ Your sister/ Your brother/ There’ll never B 
another like me” he fires off, rapid, matched by the body of the beat and the 
shout of the crowd. And funky purple Princeworld is hard to turn down. 
He promises everything a material girl could ask for — even a sped-up 
version of “Whatever You Like.” Trim the last 1:30 of random experimen-
tation, and you’ve got perfection (no one really wants a six-minute dance 
song — unless it’s the next track. Or he’s playing in our living room). (AC)

“(There’ll Never B)
Another Like Me”

T he ultimate radio candy — and not just for its title — “Chocolate Box” captures Prince at his most courtly. As he giggles and sighs his way through a cacophony of wink-nudges, glistening sweets and 
nimble metaphors — panting pre-orgasm, a la Britney’s “I’m A Slave 4 U” 
—  he works ProTools to its electronic core. After cuing a “Hey Mickey” 
beat with a super-smooth “Where the drums,” Prince pulls out every 
skirt-flipper and electric zipper on the board, then does a saucy Stefani: 
“She want a B-O-X of chocolate every day.” Together, it’s guilty-pleasure 
pop at its finest, and we’re falling hard. (AC)

“Chocolate Box”

B illed as an ode to Salma Hayek’s new baby girl (but really odeing Hayek’s rockin’ body) “Valentina” is secretly the finest M.I.L.F. song ever made. (Take that, “Stacy’s Mom.”) Following the blatant flattery 
— “Your mama was a movie queen, she was one of the best/ Mexican 
bombshell come to conquer the West” — his private fantasy takes off on 
shadowy, suggestive synths and probing guitar pulls. Reggaeton runs it to 
the bedroom, undulating with the simple-enough catcall, “Hey Valentina.” 
It’s a rhythmic give and take, and Prince succeeds in loving Mama straight 
into next week. Wonder what Valente thinks about that. (AC)

INTERVIEW WITH BRIA VALENTE’S ELIXER
BV: “But seriously, I’m 
sitting down right now/ 
On the floor of the 
shower, just wow!” 

G: OK. I was really wondering what it’s 
like working with Prince.
BV:“I’m a kept woman ... He likes it 
when I dance for no reason/ But he 

doesn’t like it when I raise my voice.”
G: So ... does that ever get weird?
BV: “He takes my breath cuz he takes his 
time/ He takes what he wants and that’s 
just fine!”
G: I don’t know, sounds sort of ... stifling.
BV: “Two animals, spawning in a river/ 
They go there.”

“Valentina”

DOLL
SENIOR STAFF WRITERS

Christina aushana/   

6
ContaCt the editor

Sonia  Minden
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org

boss
ditties
The BesT songs 

in hiaTus 
This Week

The Decemberists
• “Annan Water”
• “The Hazards of Love 2”

Pete Doherty
• “Last of the English Roses”
• “A Little Death Around the Eyes”

hiatus
ar ts/enter ta inment

Guardian



thursday, aPriL 2, 2009 the uCsd Guardian hiatus  7

By Imran Manji
Staff Writer

O nce upon a time, not long after the six  boys and girls of Forever the Sickest Kids converged in Dallas circa 2006, lead singer Jonathan 
Cook was browsing PureVolume, an advertising net-
work for musicians, when he accidentally spent $350 
the band didn’t have on a front-page promotion for a 
song that didn’t exist. 

To patch the blunder, they forced out a brand-
spanking new single in a matter of days. But instead 
of a hurried, half-assed track dooming all hopes of 
a future, “Hey Brittany” sparked all sorts of Internet 
firecrackers. Angsty, love-struck lyrics (“Why are you 
messing with me/ Is your boy on your mind/ Is your 
boy in the car/ Or are you alone?”) were delivered 
over squeaky-clean strings and bucketfuls of bounce 
— practically drenched in preteen pheromones. 

Cyber-audiences clicked and dragged all over  
the infectious track, and Universal records respond-
ed with Forever’s inaugural Underdog Alma Mater, 
forged from Blink-182’s polish-punk blueprint and the 
Kids’ own hormonal breakdowns (see: “Breakdown”), 
crammed with just enough riffy climaxes and washed-
over vocals to mirror every fresh-faced TRL guest 
conceived in the history of Viacom.

As always, in the aftermath of their initial explo-
sion, the Kids’ intrigue began to wane. Perhaps their 
target audience finally realized they had seen it all 
before: whining self-pity, guitar/keyboard duos, sensi-
tive hair toss — just another My Chemical Romance 
at the Disco. Unfortunately, there’s little chart space 
left for an anguished kid with no lunch money (let 
alone six of them). Only a chosen few have made it 

through the emo furnace, and only with necessary 
transfusions from purer blood — Romance paired 
with the Clash to spin critics right round in neo-
goth glory. Mass appeal for pop-punk hooligans died 
gracefully with Blink-182, whose decade-old hits are 
still on radio repeat. Without a harder core, the Kids 
might get a good aw-shucks from a secret scenester or 
two, but they’re more likely to sink into total obscu-
rity by the six-month mark.

Still, it won’t hurt to fill a block of week-one 
playtime with some digital-age heartbreak. You can 
bet the Kids’ Loft performance will trump Thursday 
night’s alternative entertainment — a stoned trek to 
Burger King — but do yourself a favor, skip the merch 
table.

Forever the Sickest Kids will perform live at the Loft 
on Thursday, April 2 withs Mercy Mercedes and Artist 
vs. Poet. Doors open at 7:30 p.m.

FOREVER
THE
SICKEST
KIDS
Shaggy preteen-idol wannabes stick a little TRL to the Loft

‘Furious’ Takes Joyless Two-
Hour Ride  — Clothing Optional
By Sonia Minden
Hiatus Editor

I t begins promisingly enough: butch bad-girl Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) and racially ambig-
uous hunk o’ man meat Dominic 
(Vin Diesel) attempt to hijack an oil 
truck that’s hurtling across a treach-
erous mountain range somewhere 
in South America. 

One thing leads to another, and 
the truck catapults off the high-
way, exploding into a million pieces 
and nearly devouring our duo with 
flames — but that’s when Dominic 
puts pedal to metal, zooming past 
all the smoke and ashes and cuing 
the flashy title, followed by two 
hours of high-octane, seizure-
inducing inanity.

Unlike its streamlined prede-

cessor “The Fast and the Furious,” 
which depicted L.A. street rac-
ing as the modern, bootylicious 
return of the spaghetti Western 
to become 2001’s fanboy phenom-
enon, its comeback kid plays more 
like a soap opera on steroids. Diesel 
wields moralistic woes, doubting 
whether he’s really a “good” guy 
after all, and Paul Walker’s chiseled 
visage proves too chiseled to actu-
ally express more than one emo-
tion.

Director Justin Lin stretches the 
cast’s drama-club posturing just long 
enough to ensure an intense crash 
from our adrenaline high. Rather 
than the anticipated barrage of auto-
fetishism and long legs, we’re forced 
to reflect on dim vestiges of plot 
that are ultimately nonessential to 
the film’s banking points: senseless 
violence and hot chicks.

Fast and Furious
   

Starring Jordana Brewster, Vin Diesel, 
Michelle Rodriguez & Paul Walker

Directed by Justin Lin
Rated R

COurtesy OF uniVersaL

COurtesy OF uniVersaL mOtOWn

CO
NC

ER
T 

PR
EV

IE
W

SENIOR STAFF WRITERS

See FURIOUS, page 9



8  hiatus the uCsd Guardian thursday, aPriL 2, 2009

Business  
Boot Camp

www.rady.ucsd.edu/bootcamp

June 17–26, 2009 • San Diego, CA
Business Boot Camp is an intensive 10-day business  
education experience for upper-division students from  
non-business academic backgrounds. Apply by April 17.

Transform Summer into Success

In a Perfect World...
■ Keri Hilson
Interscope

Two tracks into In a Perfect World, “Get Your Money Up” sums up Keri Hilson’s entire rep-ertoire. The catchy collab showcases all the 
subdued, synthesized quirks of Keyshia Cole and 
Trina, setting themselves against an electro-lite 
club beat (a la Polow da Don and Danja Handz) 
and defending their God-given right to mack. 

In case you couldn’t spot her in the crowd, 
Hilson’s the one that sounds like a missing mem-
ber of 3LW: when she’s not waxing saccharine 
with an R&B 2.0 trill on slower, pseudo-soul 
ballads like “Make Love” or “Slow Dance,” she’s 
channeling her inner Timbaland with a real fem-
cee’s come-hither allure and a get-your-hands-
off-my-ass sass (“Do It”).

After getting her start as a songwriter for 
the likes of Ludacris and Ms. Spears, Hilson’s 
waited around to make the Santogold transition 
for quite a while. And now that her solo’s finally 
dropped, it’s clear that the interim was spent 
pulling industry strings. Aside from the album’s 

lyrics, which are all Hilson’s own (though with 
credit owed to a masterful production crew), 
hired help includes upstaging BET celebrities like  
Akon and Kanye.

Per usual, a ubiquitous Lil Wayne pulls the 
gravity from a thumping bass line on the album’s 
first single, “Turnin’ Me On” — a patter-heavy 
hit bookended by Hilson’s vocal hijinks. Like 
other keynote tracks, it rings in the same clipped, 
ringtone-ready choruses that repeat no more 
than 10 words no less than four times over (you 
guessed it — “You’re turnin’ me on”). 

The most lasting facet of Hilson’s solo debut 
is without a doubt her more talented godparents. 
With tracks crafted by dance mogul Timbaland, 
World — with its honeyed vocals over warbling 
synths, spaceship chimes tangled up in strings — 
does right by any down-and-dirty dance party.

— Edwin Gonzalez
Associate Hiatus Editor

recordings
The Hazards of Love
■ The Decemberists
capItol

T he Decemberists’ darling of a concept album The Crane Wife back in ’06 appar-ently failed to whet their dream of com-
posing a medievalist rock opera. And, that’s 
exactly what The Hazards of Love is — a mystic 
saga of tragic lovers, starring Becky Stark of 
Lavender Diamond as the maiden Margaret, 
Shara Worden of My Brightest Diamond as 
the Forest Queen and the Decemberists’ own 
Colin Meloy as … what was he again?

The first problem with the narrative-as-
an-album scheme lies in Meloy’s insistence on 
playing the narrator, the Rake and Margaret’s 
lover William in his delicate, watery tenor — 
even books on tape usually come up with more 
vocal variation. 

Hazards’ other woe as a 58-minute-long 
epic is that it’s a 58-minute-long epic. It’s the 
entire album, or bust — and who has the time, 
not to mention the patience, to listen that 
closely in an age of iPod Shuffles? 

Still, the the Decemberists’ velvety baroque 
endures Meloy’s ambition. Stark’s wavering, 
flutey vocals float high above harpsichords; 
Worden’s musky, powerful alto trembles to the 
Queen of the Forest’s vintage rock thuds, all 
heavy electric guitar chords and thunderous 
bass knells. 

Meloy’s nasal whine underscores both 
William’s fragility — accompanied by the 
folksy strum of an acoustic guitar and soft 
pats on the bongo — and the Rake’s sneering, 
hickish drawl. 

Each element of Love’s detail-oriented 
orchestration echoes a deeply bruised organ 
note, oppressing even the most sugary strains 
like poisonous apples. There are no happy 
endings here: only the curse that the title 
forewarns. 

— Hannah Kang
Staff Writer

MFA Vis Arts Open Studio
Visual arts Facility / april 4 / 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. 

Imagine a constellation of 50 mini-museum galleries, 
jammed into a six-hour view space: you’ve pretty much 
got an idea of what the Visual Arts MFA students 
will proffer to the public come Saturday. Showcasing 
everything from  the conceptual to the absurd, artists 
will be standing by to discuss their creative process — 
along with a symposium, performances (e.g. Assembly 
of Mazes at 8:30 p.m.) and film screenings — in an 
open house for the artistically inclined. (EG)

exit strategy
VERSION LAUNCH
PARTY 

Calit2 Gallery
April 2, 5 p.m.
FREE

EXPERIMENTAL FILMS
   The Loft

April 2, 8 p.m.
    FREE 

SPRING BREAK REMIX
  The Loft  
   April 3, 8:30 p.m.

FREE

SUN GOD BATTLE OF 
THE BANDS

The Loft
April 4, 7 p.m.
FREE

CULTURAL CELEBRATION
Marshall Campus
April 4, 10 a.m.
FREE 
        

“DOUBT”
Price Center Theater
April 4, 6 p.m. & 9 p.m.
$3

DEVIN VARGAS     
Espresso Roma
April 6, 8 p.m.

    FREE 

SOCAL SOUND BYTES
The Loft
April 17, 8 p.m.
FREE

“THE CURIOUS CASE OF 
BENJAMIN BUTTON”

Price Center Theater
April 7, 6 p.m. & 9 p.m.
$3

This Week’s
On-Campus

evenTs
hiaTus piCks
The Week’s

BesT BeTs    druthers 
Mishka

cane’s Bar and Grill / april 2 / 8 p.m. / $10

Apparently, bronzed man-candy Matthew 
McConaughey started a record label. On top of that, 
he hunted down Mishka for his first artist, even 
heralding the sleepy Caribbean reggae-pop as the 
“soundtrack [to] his life.” McConaughey’s life must 
sound like one of those spiritual beach retreats 
with a squeeze of Jack Johnson for good measure, 
featuring such heartfelt themes as free love and 
material dependency: “It’s a shame to see Mother 
Earth and the children being bought and sold.” 
We recommend stealing his album and saving the 
money for the show. (SM)

COurtesy OF dOuG seymOur COurtesy OF suzanne WriGht



Grace/Wastelands
■ Pete Doherty
parlopHone

P ete Doherty is a walking, talking BBC daytime series that the general populace should have axed ages ago when quality began to plummet. But 
against all odds, the shitty sitcom lumbers on. Though 
the audience is dwindling and the supporting cast 
keeps changing, die-hard fans of lead Libertines singer 
will be pleased to stumble upon the vintage trove of 
debut solo Grace/Wastelands.

The first single, “Last of the English Roses,” reads like 
a junk mail headline but sounds like a rehash of “Guns 
of Brixton.” Its foreboding shuffle beats down in Clash 
fashion, but is soon lifted by Blurry lyrics — quite pos-
sibly because Blur guitarist Graham Coxon is present on 
all but one track in Doherty’s debut. 

“A Little Death Around the Eyes,” co-written by fellow 
Libertines frontman Carl Barât, could be a “James Bond” 
theme: Lethargic strings and harmonica-laced organs 

draw silhouettes of tousled-haired, heat-packing vixens 
with enough suave to make any Anglophile proud.

Anyone expecting Wastelands to pull out the typical 
man-and-guitar act will be disappointed — this is the 
closest the pale and pudgy Doherty has come to chan-
neling the romanticized, long-lost England he probably 
envisions while shooting up. Many of the tracks date 
back five years — pre-Babyshambles and pre-tabloids 
— but were put aside because they didn’t suit the 
Libertines aesthetic.

Most disregard Doherty as a comedy of errors: a judg-
ment his solo experiment hopes to combat. Apparently, 
the bloke has more balls than his powdery nose would 
suggest. 

— Josephine Nguyen
Staff Writer

thursday, aPriL 2, 2009 the uCsd Guardian hiatus  9

FT
SK!

This show is open to all UC San Diego students and one guest 
Thursday -  April 2 Doors: 7:30pm Show: 8:00pm

Arrive early space is extremely limited

Forever the Sickest Kids
Mercy Mercedes

Artist Vs Poet

At The Loft, Price Center Level 2

universitycenters.ucsd.edu • 858.822.2068theloft.ucsd.edu

BW73

but those who fell in love with the medium at 12 and 
understood its huge potential finally grew up, pioneering 
sophisticated graphic storylines to 
combat the literati. 

A very similar phenomenon is 
happening within the world of gam-
ing. Every prodigy child who grew 
up absorbed in game culture back 
in the ’80s and ’90s has gone on to 
create hyper-sleek, evolved versions 
of their old favorites. They all played 
Super Mario, The Legend of Zelda, 
Metroid, Megaman — these games 
are considered classics today. As cre-
ators, they could see the potential 
in interactive storytelling and the kind of emotional 
response it could evoke, especially by way of a virtual 
universe that could provide endless hours of entertain-
ment. Ten years later, it’s hard to find a male between the 
ages of 18 to 30 without a console of some kind.

No one could predict how massive gaming culture 
would become. As a result, the market’s long been flood-
ed with low-brow action games that cater to the most 

savage desires of amateurs. Not that I don’t play the occa-
sional blood-and-guts mindlessness — there’s a time and 
place for B-raters. But video games have become lucra-

tive, enough so that the nerdy connota-
tions of “gamer” are slowly fading away.

Even the fact that I know more about 
gaming than most is now irrelevant to 
my identity as a gamer. Truth is, every-
one is a gamer of some sort these days. 
If you’ve held a joystick for over an hour, 
congratulations: You’re officially one of 
us. It’s that easy. 

I suppose, then, that I’m reacting 
against what used to be the nature of a 
gamer, sort of like punk music, when it 
went catchy and marketable. Punk was a 

reaction against pop, but when it became a fad — blasted 
on radios everywhere — it suddenly became less rel-
evant. Its very rebellion was packaged and redistributed 
as the new pop.

Similarly, being a gamer is hardly a mark of distinc-
tion: The badge of honor that I wore proudly growing up 
is slowly deteriorating, and along with it, a small piece 
of my identity.

Low-Brow Games Repopulate a Massive Industry
▶ HIT, from page 6

recordings

Chrome-Plated Sex, Explosives and Stabs at Sincerity

It’s unfortunate, really, considering Lin’s former success 
on 2006’s “The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift,” which 
brought shameless, testosterone-pumped indulgence to a 
new level.

The fourth “Furious” installment disbands the fran-
chise’s original members with Letty’s premature offscreen 
death, which prompts fugitive ex-con Dominic — ripped 
and bald as ever — to put a vengeful beating on her mur-
derer, who also happens to be one of the world’s biggest 
heroin smugglers. The quest reunites Dominic with fed 
gone foul Brian O’Conner (Walker), also hunting down 
the drug pusher. But before the chase can begin, Dom 
and Brian must first race each other (a trope diligently 
exhausted throughout the flick). 

The cars themselves are show-stealing character foils. 
Dom’s is an older, humbler model with its share of muscle 
and wear, while O’Conner gets his pick from the govern-
ment’s line up of shiny, candy-colored brands. The vehicles 
bump and grind, garnering as many lustful “oohs” from the 
audience as the film’s frequent, requisite booty shots, the 

whole shebang cut and pasted in breathless, machine-gun 
montages. 

The rest of the camerawork is slick and straightforward, 
alternating between a handheld, first-person perspective 
and zoomed-out views of glittering urban sprawl. Club- and 
border-hopping are equally disorienting, as we’re snaked 
through a labyrinth of dark corners, where either a French-
kissing lesbian or angry Mexican is bound to be lurking.

“Furious” clearly has its demographic appeal down to a 
science, spitting up every feasible MTV commodity in the 
form of an extended, ultra-streamlined commercial — one-
liners and spank-bank material included. Even the street 
races are packaged with Grand Theft Auto’s CG-smoothed 
appeal. 

But it’s only when the film tries to become somewhat 
self-aware of its nonstop cockfest that the flick fails miser-
ably. This is no Oscar contender; Diesel’s Dominic will 
never be Heath Ledger’s chilling Dark Knight. But that’s 
not the point. The point is guns and girls, and there will 
always be room for more guns and girls. Bring on the fifth 
installment already. 

▶ FURIOUS, from page 7

If you’ve held a 
joystick for over an 

hour, congratulations: 
You’re officially

one of us.

COurtesy OF uniVersaL



10  CLASSIFIEDS THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print edition are also available to the UCSD 
campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

a 

a 

a 

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our 
print edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our 
print edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at  ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Sailing Instuctors
Surfing Instructors

Windsurfing Instructors
Kayaking Instructors
Rowing Instructors
Camp Counselors

Receptionist

Now Hiring Apple Specialist
Management, Service & Sales

Resumes-> Info@macgallery.com

www.macgallery.com

Part Time and Full Time Positions Available

8855 Villa La Jolla Dr. Suite 402
La Jolla, CA 92037

ANNOUNCEMENTS
The Guardian Green Card is available at 
EDNA in the Price Center and Student 
Center, Soft Reserves, and The Guardian 
office, located upstairs in the Old Student 
Center (5/14)

EVENTS
Don’t forget you can post your UCSD 
campus events on the Guardian online 
Campus Calendar. Go to www.ucsdguard-
ian.org and link at the top to “Calendar.” 
(5/14)

JOBS
Looking for fun and flirty web cam models 
to work from home, dorm or our local 
studio. Serious candidates only, looking to 
make money. Set your own schedule 24/7. 
Must be 18 or older. Email rick@metro-
email.com. (4/02)

Good driver? Here’s the perfect part-time 
job! Earn $12.85/hour after paid training. 
Learn marketable skills, work on campus. 
Apply at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu.(6/04)

Summer Day Camp Job! Love kids? The 
outdoors? Live in SD? We’re hiring enthu-
siastic, responsible students for the sum-
mer. Apply online: www.outpostsummer-
camps.com Or call (858)842-4900 (5/04)

UCSD BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY STUDY: 
Subjects with current allergy symptoms 
to inhaled allergens (cat, grass, dust mite), 
needed as blood donors for research study 
requiring donation of blood and allergy 
skin testing. Will be reimbursed $100 
for completion of two clinic visit study. 
Contact Dr. Broide, Department Medicine 
(858) 534-2033. (5/14)

L.A. AREA SUMMER DAY CAMPS Swimming, 
horses, sports, arts & crafts, beaches, ropes 
courses and more. Gain valuable experi-
ence working with children in a variety 
of fun camp settings. www.daycampjobs.

com (6/1)

!!EARN EXTRA MONEY!! Students needed 
ASAP. Earn up to $150/day being a mys-
tery shopper. No experience required. Call 
1-800-722-4791 (6/4) 

Summer Day Camp - San Fernando & 
Conejo Valleys. Counselors, Lifeguards, 
Gym, Horseback Riding, Music, Drama, & 
More. Earn $3275-$3500+ for the sum-
mer. 888-784-CAMP or www.workatcamp.
com (6/04)

SWIM INSTRUCTORS - $12-19/hr. FRONT 
DESK - $10/hr. Monday- Saturday. North 
County: 760-744-7946. Pacific Beach: 858-
273-7946. (6/04)

GIGS
Egg Donors needed! Healthy females ages 
18-30. Donate to infertile couples some of 
the many eggs that your body disposes 
of every month. COMPENSATION: $5000 
- $8000. Call Reproductive Solutions now 
(818) 832-1494. (6/4)

EGG DONORS NEEDED We are seek-
ing intelligent, attractive, non-smoking 
women between the ages of 21-29 who 
are physically fit and maintaining a healthy 

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box
(in bold) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies
on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.

©2007 Michael Mepham. Distributed by Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

Find the SUDOKU solution in next Monday's Classified Page.

MONDAY MAR. 30 
Crossword Solution

lifestyle. $15,000 plus all expenses. If you 
have a desire to help an infertile family 
please contact us. Email: darlene@aper-
fectmatch.com 1-800-264-8828 www.
aperfectmatch.com Perfectly matching 
donors with families since 1998 (5/11)

STUDENT HOUSING
3 bedroom condo near utc/ucsd available 
September. washer/dryer, pool. can acco-
modate up to 4 students. $2100/month. 
Call (858) 792-6453. (4/09)

START YOUR
MORNING AT
NOW SERVING BEAKFAST!

BREAKFAST BURRITOS

WAFFLES

AND MUCH MORE...

OMELETTES 
Available
Everyday
Starting

at 7am

SIGNATURE OMELETTES 

...
AvAvA ailable
Everyeryer daayayayayayay
Starting

at 7am

T
AST!

DEADLINE:
WEDNESDAYS

4pm

MONDAYS 

To post your
event, go to

www.ucsdguardian.org,

link at top to
“Calendar ”   

MONDAYS 
MONDAYS 

SUMMER OF YOUR LIFE!
Children’s sleep-away camp

Northeast Pennsylvania (6/20-8/16/09)

Select The Camp That Selects The Best Staff!

If you love children and want a caring, fun
environment we need Counselors and Instructors for:
 Tennis, Swimming, Golf, Gymnastics, Nature/Camping, 

Cheerleading, Drama, Ropes Course, Team Sports, 
Waterskiing, Sailing, Painting/Drawing, Ceramics, 

Silkscreen, Printmaking, Batik, Jewelry, Calligraphy, 
Photography, Sculpture, Guitar, Aerobics, Self-Defense, 
Video, Piano. Other: Administrative, CDL Driver (21+), 

Nurses (RN’s and Nursing Students), Bookkeeper, Nanny.

On campus Interviews April 10th

Call (215)944-3069 or apply at
www.campwaynegirls.com



thursday, april 2, 2009 the uCsd Guardian sports  11

as they had in the first half, giving 
up eight goals in the second while 
only netting two of their own. The 
Roadrunners kept the Tritons’ lead-
ing scorer Gstettenbauer in check, 
relegating her to a lone goal. 

“We just broke down against 
Bakersfield,” Heinrich said. “It wasn’t 
a great game for us. There were a lot 
of things that we should have done 
that we didn’t do, and we just made 
a lot of mistakes.”

Against the No. 2 University of 
Southern California, the Tritons 
faced an impressive offensive force. 
The Trojans have a 17-1 record and 
are perfect in conference play, largely 
due to a prolific offense that averages 
over 13 goals per game. They started 
fast and never looked back, storming 
out to a 6-0 lead in the first quarter. 
The Tritons finally got on the board 
in the second when Heinrich and 
Gstettenbauer each scored to bring 
the score to 6-2. But the Trojans 
quickly squashed any hope of a 
comeback when they scored the next 
five goals of the quarter to take an 
11-2 lead into halftime.

“It was really tough playing the 
top two teams in the nation back 
to back,” Heinrich said of UCSD’s 
games against the University of 
Southern California and Stanford 
University.

Out of halftime, the Tritons’ 
defense slowed the Trojans down, 
holding them to four goals in the 
third quarter, but the Tritons could 
only muster three goals. After a 
6-0 shutout in the final period, the 
Trojans swam away with a 21-5 vic-
tory in the Tritons’ home pool.

The University of Southern 
California wasn’t the only powerful 
opponent the Tritons faced during 
spring break. UCSD began its week 
with a loss to top-ranked Stanford 
University. 

Despite the daunting task, the 
Tritons played incredibly well early 

in the game, taking a two-goal lead 
in the first quarter before giving up 
three to end the period.

“It felt good taking an early lead 
on Stanford,” junior utility Stephanie 
Bocian said. “We really took them 
off their mark and made them wary.”

The Tritons tied the game at 
three with 5:38 remaining in the 
second quarter. From that point on, 
however, the Cardinal could not be 
stopped, scoring another three goals 
to take a 6-3 lead into halftime.

“It was a little overwhelming 
playing such a high-ranked team 
in Stanford,” Bocian said. “We just 
played like we had nothing to lose.”

After a strong start, the Triton 
offense suffered, scoring only two 
goals in the second half, falling to 
Stanford 11-5. 

The Tritons did get a taste of 
victory to begin their three game 
home stretch, putting Occidental 
away despite a poor effort. The win 
might have gone the other way if 
Gstettenbauer and senior utility 
Bridgette Bugay had not had stand-
out games, both scoring three goals 
and stepping up on defense in the 
fourth.

“It was a little disappointing to 
see,” head coach Larry Sanders said. 
“We played really well in the tourna-
ment last weekend, and I thought 
that we would have come and played 
a little better.”

The first quarter was all UCSD  
with Gstettenbauer striking first in 
the game, and the Tritons playing 
well defensively, holding Occidental 
to a lone goal. UCSD swam with 
vigor early on, jumping out to a 4-1 
lead in the first period. The Triton 
offense was too much for the Tigers 
to contain and its defense too fast 
for the Tigers to beat. But in the 
second quarter, the Tritons slowed 
down defensively, giving up several 
fast-break opportunities and pen-
alty shots.

“Sometimes when we play a team 

that we’re supposed to be better than 
physically, we don’t play as well as we 
should,” Heinrich said. “It happens 
in a lot of sports, and we just need to 
focus and play.”

On offense, the Tritons made 
poor decisions and bad passes that 
cost them great scoring opportuni-
ties. The second quarter progressed 
slowly and the Tritons only managed 
to find the back of the net once, tak-
ing a 5-3 lead into intermission.

Coming out of the break, Bugay 
scored the first two goals of the 
third quarter to give the Tritons a 
four goal advantage. UCSD played 
another great defensive quarter, 
holding Occidental to a single goal 
and dominating the time of posses-
sion. Capping off the quarter, sopho-
more hole set Janice Aguilar turned 
her defender around to score at the 
last second to close the third, bring-
ing the score to 8-4. 

Unfortunately, UCSD was unable 
to use its impressive play to gar-
ner much momentum in the fourth 
quarter, struggling both offensively 
and defensively to make things inter-
esting. 

Gstettenbauer played a terrific 
fourth quarter, scoring the Tritons’ 
lone goal to seal the victory and 
dominating on defense, covering 
the ball aggressively and preventing 
several shots. Defense continued to 
dominate the second half of the 
fourth quarter, as no team could 
muster a goal during the last four 
minutes. Despite missing a lot of 
great opportunities to put the game 
away early, the Tritons held on for 
the 9-7 win.

 The Tritons will travel next to 
the Santa Clara Invitational, where 
they will begin a round of four 
games, facing off against San Jose 
State University on April 4 at 10:40 
a.m.

Readers can contact Tyler Nelson at 
tcnelson@ucsd.edu.

out on top and win our school’s first 
title.”

After coming out to a slow start 
in the playoffs, managing only a 
2-2 tie with Cal Poly Pomona on 
Feb. 28 in Irvine, the Tritons’ road 
smoothed out, allowing them to sail 
easily through to the championship 
game.

“We came out flat-footed in the 
first game and everybody was trying 
to do everything,” head coach Brian 
Keefe said. “We were moving our 
feet too slow. We 
started to get in a 
good rhythm and 
good flow after the 
first game. We just 
needed to shake 
the cobwebs out.”

The Tritons 
advanced to the 
semifinals after a 
4-2 win over the 
University of San 
Diego in round-
robin play. In the 
semifinal con-
test, UCSD was 
once again pitted 
against the Broncos — the same 
team that overpowered the Tritons 
for the regional crown a season ago. 
UCSD gave Cal Poly Pomona no 
chance at a repeat championship, 
pummeling the Broncos 9-1 and 
advancing to the final against the 
University of Southern California. 

Having defeated the Trojans 
twice already during regular sea-
son play, UCSD battled past USC 
using a 3-0 first quarter advantage 
to dominate the Trojans in the final. 
The Tritons led for the entire game, 
eventually taking a 5-1 victory.

“We started to click as a team, 
and when that happens we run the 
game,” senior defender Lafe Ball 

said. 
Even though the team won a 

championship, the relative ease with 
which UCSD took the crown left the 
Tritons wanting more.

“This year, the caliber of teams at 
regionals wasn’t the same as it usu-
ally is,” Keefe said. “It felt great and 
we’re excited that we’ve won, but we 
want to prove ourselves nationally 
and take care of business.”

The Tritons will have that chance 
as the No. 1 seed in their pool at 
the national championships April 

2 to April 5 in 
Feasterville, Pa. A 
total of 16 teams 
will compete in 
round-robin play 
for the first round 
of the Division-
II tournament, 
and UCSD’s 
opening pool 
includes Truman 
State University, 
University of 
Texas – Dallas and 
Kennessaw State 
University. 

“Nationals is 
definitely going be a battle for us 
every game,” Ponton said.  “There 
are some real solid schools out 
there, but we have a great team. As 
long as we play our game and work 
hard we can compete for the title.”

According to Keefe, most of the 
teams at nationals have been playing 
together for a few years, improving 
every season.

“Most teams haven’t changed too 
much since last season and all these 
teams did something right to get 
there,” he said. “It should be pretty 
tough.”

Readers can contact Janani Sridharan 
at jsridhar@ucsd.edu.

Senior Captain Shines in Home Victories
▶ WATER POLO, from page 12

Tritons Aim to Improve on Last 
Season’s Third-Place Finish

▶ ROLLER HOCKEY, from page 12

“It felt great and we’re excited that we’ve won [regionals], but we want to prove ourselves 
nationally and take 

care of business.”
— Brian Keefe,

head coach



12
ContaCt the editor

Janani Sridharan
sports@ucsdguardian.org

HOT CORNER

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009

Water Polo
The senior attacker led the women’s water 
polo team with eight goals in four matches 

last week, and has scored a team-high 50 
goals this season for the Tritons.

Sydney Gstettenbauer

TRITONS REEL OFF NINE STRAIGHT VICTORIES

By Janani Sridharan
Sports Editor

BASEBALL — The UCSD baseball 
team is ranked sixth in all of Division-
II, riding a nine-game winning streak 
and witnessing its pitcher throw a no-
hitter against the top-ranked team. 
With the Tritons clicking on all cylin-
ders as of late, it’s hard to believe that 
less than three weeks ago, UCSD was 
at its lowest point of the season. 

 The Tritons left Sonoma State 
on March 8 demoralized after losing 
three consecutive one-run ball games 
to the Seawolves. But without the 
striking wakeup call from Sonoma 
State, the Tritons may never have 
pulled off a streak quite so impressive.

“We went into Sonoma almost 
tentative and apprehensive about our 
opponent, and it showed in our play,” 
junior catcher Kellen Lee said. “We 
gave up three games that I felt like we 
should have taken. After that we all 

got together and realized we needed 
to start playing better.”

Coming home to face then No. 
1 Cal State Stanislaus March 13 to 
March 15, the Tritons immediately 
stepped up their game, pulling out an 
extra-inning victory in the opening 
match before sweeping the four-game 
series. 

“Any momentum they had, 
anytime they scored any runs, we 
punched back and scored as many or 
more,” Lee said. “Momentum was a 
key factor in the series.”

The Tritons followed with another 
four-game sweep at home, this time 
at the expense of San Francisco State 
March 27 to March 29. UCSD scored 
early and often in the series, putting 
up 10 or more runs in three of the 
contests.

“All week, our coaches preached 
that we had to jump on San Francisco 
State early,” Lee said. “We weren’t 
going to give them any chances or 

opportunities.”
Against CSUS, UCSD gained early 

momentum off the bat of redshirt 
junior Brandon Gregorich in the bot-
tom of the 11th inning of the first 
game. With two outs, the third base-
man hit a bloop single that scored 
junior shortstop Vance Albitz, giving 
UCSD a 3-2 win. 

“It was really important getting 
that first win,” senior pitcher Trevor 
Decker said. “It’s always nice to jump 
on top in a series because the other 
team tends to back off and play on 
their heels.”

Gregorich set the stage for quite 
possibly the Tritons’ best day of base-
ball all season. UCSD started off the 
morning with a solid 8-3 victory, 
anchored by eight strong innings from 
redshirt junior pitcher Matt Rossman. 
Then, Decker took to the mound for 
the backend of the double header and 
took complete control of the series.

“He was just so composed, I knew 

from the third inning on,” said Lee, 
who caught the first no-hitter of his 
career. “He was throwing them exact-
ly where we were calling them. A lot 
of pitchers rely on their second pitch 
— their offspeed pitch. Decker had 
his fastball working, pitching into and 
outside of hitters.”

According to Decker, it was the 
pitcher’s third no-hitter: the first was 
a perfect game in Little League and 
the second was another perfect game 
in high school.

“It’s one of those things where it’s 
hard to describe how if happened,” 
Decker said. “There were one or two 
really nice plays on defense … All of 
the pieces of the puzzle just fell into 
place.”

After playing eight straight home 
games — and posting a perfect 
record for the homestand — UCSD 
will hit the road to play Chico State 
University this weekend. 

“Going up to Chico, it’s always 

fun,” Decker said. “You expect big 
crowds and bashing from the fans. 
We know they’re always one of the 
top teams in our conference; they hit 
well and have pretty good pitching, 
too. We have to just keep doing what 
we’re doing, keep executing pitches 
and have the same approach at the 
plate.”

 
Readers can contact Janani Sridharan 
at jsridhar@ucsd.edu.

ROLLER HOCKEY 
RETURNS TO 

NATIONALS WITH 
REGIONAL TITLE

UCSD Stumbles Against Offensive Powerhouses
By Tyler Nelson
Staff Writer

WATER POLO — The women’s water polo 
team has experienced its share of ups and 
downs over the past several weeks. Although 
the Tritons scored a 9-7 victory over Brown 
University, they lost a disappointing 12-6 deci-
sion at No. 19 Cal State Bakersfield last week-
end. The team followed with back-to-back 
home-game losses against Stanford University 
and the University of Southern California, the 
top two teams in the nation. UCSD managed 
to defeat Occidental University by a 9-7 mar-
gin on March 12.

With its most recent match this weekend, 
UCSD took on Brown University in Bakersfield 
and claimed a tight victory. Falling behind 2-0 
early in the first quarter, the Tritons mustered 
an offensive charge and regained momentum 
before halftime with two goals, trimming the 
deficit to 3-2. In a few recent matches, Tritons 
have come heartbreakingly close to the lead 
at halftime, but have been unable to follow 
through for the win.

The tables turned as UCSD stormed 
out of halftime with senior captain Sydney 
Gstettenbauer and freshman attacker Jessica 
Tran scoring unanswered goals, giving the 
Tritons the lead at 4-3. The teams engaged in 
back-and-forth scoring until the match stood 
tied at six with one minute left in the third. 
Freshman hole set Kirsten Bates scored the 

seventh goal for the Tritons just before the 
end of the period, giving UCSD the lead for 
good. Gstettenbauer and sophomore attacker 
Hanalei Crowell then scored back-to-back 
goals,  giving the Tritons a three-goal lead 
before Brown could fight back, ending the 
game at 9-7.

“It felt good to get the win,” junior util-
ity Stephanie Heinrich said. “We were a little 
upset about our loss earlier in the day to 

Bakersfield, which is why we fell a little early. 
But it was good to make the comeback.”

Just a few hours prior, the Tritons faced 
Cal State Bakersfield in the Roadrunners’ 
home pool with less success. The Tritons and 
Roadrunners fared evenly, with the halftime 
score tied at four. Unfortunately, the Tritons 
were unable to keep up with the Roadrunners 

By Janani Sridharan
Sports Editor

CLUB SPORTS —   Made up of former ’90s 
kids who never gave up on the art of roller-
blading, the UCSD roller hockey team has 
created a quiet legacy over the past three years 
as an elite Division-II squad. The Tritons have 
gone to the last three national championships, 
finishing in the top eight each time — most 
recently placing third. 

This season, UCSD’s astonishing 16-1-1 
overall record has once again earned the team 
a spot at nationals. This year, for the first time 
in the program’s eight-year history, the team 
will enter nationals with a regional champion-
ship under its belt. 

“I’ve been on this team for four years and 
we lost in the [regional] championship game 
the first three,” senior defender Jeff Ponton 
said. “It was a great feeling to finally come 

See WATER POLO, page 11 See ROLLER HOCKEY, page 11

Daniel CaDDell/Guardian
Senior Trevor Decker pitched six innings of two-run ball against SFSU on March 28 to pick up the win in UCSD’s 10-2 victory. Decker pitched the first no-hitter of his collegiate career in the Tritons’ previous series against Cal State Stanislaus.

erik Jepsen/Guardian File
The Tritons had mixed results in its games leading up to and during spring break, but senior attacker Sydney Gstettenbauer made 
sure that UCSD posted a victory over unranked Occidental College on March 12, scoring three goals in the 9-7 victory.

SWEEPING TRITONS
UCSD used an agressive offense and strong 
starting pitching to sweep its last two four-
game series, closing out the month of March 
strong and moving up to No. 6 in the rankings.

63
24
6.2

RUNS SCORED
RUNS ALLOWED

AVG. IP BY STARTERS


	040209News
	040209Opinion
	040209Hiatus
	040209Classified
	040209Sports

