
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLII, ISSUE XIX MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGWWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLII, ISSUE XIXVOLUME XLII, ISSUE XIX

SPOKENSPOKEN SURFÊREPORT INSIDENIGHTÊWATCH
MONDAY

Height:  2-4 ft.
Wind: 2-9 mph

Water Temp: 60 F

TUESDAY
Height:  1-2 ft.
Wind: 9 mph

Water Temp: 60 F

WEDNESDAY
Height:  1-2 ft.

Wind: 7-10 mph 
Water Temp: 60 F

THURSDAY
Height:  2 ft.

Wind: 3-7 mph 
Water Temp: 60 F

LOW

$2.95
Mohsen, Oceanside
Mission Avenue & Airport Road
HIGH

4.09
76, San Diego
2919 Alta View Drive 

THURSDAY FRIDAY
MONDAY
H 62 L 38

TUESDAY
H 63 L 44 MONDAY TUESDAY

GASÊPERÊGALLONSURFÊREPORTNIGHTÊWATCHFORECASTWEBÊPOLL
SHOULD THE I-5 
EXPANSION PROJECT 
GO FORWARD?
√  Yes
√  No

SUNRISE

SUNSET

6:32 A.M.

4:43 P.M.WEDNESDAYH 68 L 47 THURSDAYH 67 L 49

TUESTUESDAYDAY

FRIDAYTHURSDAYWWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ComicsÊ..................................2
LightsÊandÊSirensÊ...................3
Aliens,ÊYellowÊJacketsÊ&ÊPieÊ..4
LetterÊtoÊtheÊEditorÊ................5
SiteÊSeenÊ...............................8
ClassifiedsÊ...........................10
SudokuÊ................................10

MAKE A SPLASH!

PAGE 8

By Rebecca Horwitz
Staff Writer

Plans to expand a 27-mile stretch of the 
Interstate-5 freeway from La Jolla Village 
Drive to Oceanside has been met with public 
opposition since the city announced the 
proposals in May. 

To reduce traffic, the San Diego Association 
of Governments, a planning agency, and 
California Department of Transportation 
proposed to widen the current four-lane 
freeway by four or six lanes, divided by either 
painted stripes or concrete barriers.  

Depending on which plan is chosen, the 
project would take up to 40 years to finish and 
cost between $3.5 and $4.5 billion.

The most costly of the proposals would 
add four toll lanes, separated by concrete 
barriers from the rest of I-5, along with two 
conventional lanes on the existing shoulders. 
The least costly option would add four middle 
lanes, separated by yellow stripes from the rest 
of the roadway.

According to UCSD’s Assistant Vice 
Chancellor for Strategic Campus Resource 
Initiatives Brian Gregory, the proposed 
expansion would remove Voigt Bridge, which 
connects the east and west sides of campus.

Gregory said the section of Gilman Drive 
leading up to Voigt Bridge would be moved 
so Caltrans can rebuild the bridge as a direct-
access ramp. This will reduce traffic at two of 
the major overpasses on Genesee Avenue and 
La Jolla Village Drive. 

According to Gregory, this will create 
more room for emergency vehicles that have 
difficulty passing through the highway and city 
streets to the hospitals — such as Thornton 
Hospital and Scripps Memorial Hospital — 
surrounding UCSD. 

“I don’t know if I’d call it a negative concern, 
[but] people that don’t work at UCSD can access 
our school easily,” he said. “[The] vehicles that 

I-5 Expansion 
Proposals 
Face Public 
Opposition

AÊCLOSERÊLOOK

By Regina Ip
News Editor

The man suspected of mur-
dering Lorena Gonzalez — the 
homicide victim whose body was 
found in a burning car on the 
UCSD campus — will have his 
preliminary trial at the Central 
Courthouse in downtown San 
Diego on March 10.

Judge David Szumowski sched-
uled set the date of Julio Angel 
Garcia-Puente’s preliminary hear-

ing at a status conference last 
Monday, Nov. 22.  The hearing will 
determine whether probable cause 
exists for the homicide. If there is 
enough evidence, the criminal case 
will proceed to trial, unless the 
suspect enters a plea beforehand.

Fifty-year-old Garcia-Puente 
— who pleaded not guilty on Nov. 
12 to murder and arson charges 
— is the estranged husband of 
38-year-old Gonzalez, who was 
killed on Oct. 30. Her destroyed 
vehicle was found in the parking 

lot next to UCSD’s baseball field.
Prosecutors, which include 

Deputy District Attorney Nicole 
Cooper, said the defendant could 
face 26 years to life in prison if he 
is convicted. 

According to LaJollaPatch.com, 
the reason for delaying the pre-
liminary hearing until March was 
not available because substitute 
lawyers appeared on the plaintiff 
and the defendant’s side. 

Additionally, NBC San Diego 
reported that about 200 people 

attended Gonzalez’s memori-
al at Templo Cristiano Alpha y 
Omega Church in San Marcos. 
The church’s pastor, Jose De Jesus 
Lopez, said he had spoken to 
Gonzalez about her marital prob-
lems in the past. 

Gonzalez is survived by fam-
ily in El Salvador. The date of 
her funeral service has not been 
announced.

Readers can contact Regina Ip at 
rwip@ucsd.edu.

Murder Suspect Faces Prelim. Hearing in March

By Justin Kauker and Regina Ip
Senior Staff Writers

 Internationally renowned UCSD professor 
Chalmers Johnson died in his home in Cardiff-
by-the-Sea on Saturday, Nov. 20. 

Johnson was known for his revolutionary 
analysis of Japanese economics and, later in life, 
as a political firebrand and critic of U.S. foreign 
policy. He is survived by his wife, Sheila Johnson, 
who reported that his death was due to compli-
cations with his rheumatoid arthritis. He was 79.

Professor of Japanese politics and policy-

making Ellis Krauss lived about a mile away 
from Johnson and would visit Johnson one to 
two times a year. He first met Johnson in 1973 
at a Newport Beach conference on Japan and 
how the country could improve its image in the 
U.S. But Krauss didn’t get to know Johnson until 
years later, mostly at conferences. 

“I will tell you that the many times I saw him 
at conferences, he was quite amazing,” Krauss 
said. “First of all, he was absolutely brilliant. He 
could write like a dream — he was a wonderful 
writer — but he could dominate with the force of 
his personality. He had this deep, resonant voice 

and very, very quick wit.”
Krauss said Johnson, who was fluent in both 

Chinese and Japanese, first became interested in 
Asian politics when he served as a naval officer 
in Japan in 1953.

“He was in the Navy in the Korean War 
[where he] was stationed in Japan,” Krauss said. 
“Then he studied economics and politics at 
Berkeley, both undergraduate and graduate 
school, and pursued his Asia studies”

Johnson taught political science with a focus 

INTL. STUDIES SCHOLAR PASSES AWAY

By Asia Camagong
Staff Writer

Starting next July, UC educational 
fees will be renamed “tuition” in order 
to address the decline in state funding. 

The UC Board of Regents voted 
for the name change at their UC San 
Francisco meeting on Wednesday, 
Nov. 17, and the change will be in effect 
as of July 1, 2011. UC spokesperson 
Ricardo Vazquez said that there was 
“not much discussion at all” about the 
matter before the voting.

The name change will not 
impact the level of student fees, but, 
according to the Regents’ Committee 

on Educational Policy and Finance, 
the university can no longer claim to 
be a “tuition-free” institution. This 
description was outlined in the 1960 
Master Plan for High Education. In 
the Master Plan, “tuition” — funded 
by the state — covers instructional 
costs while “fees” pay for services not 
related to instruction. 

State support for the UC system 
was intended to cover the basic costs 
of university instruction for students. 
But after the state suffered noticeable 
budgetary shortfalls in the 1990s, 
student charges escalated and student 
fees began to be used to fund basic 
educational needs instead of services 

such as health and career counseling. 
This violated the idea of a tuition-free 
institution.

Using the definitions given in the 
master plan, the UC system has been 
charging tuition for the last 15 years. 
The action item acknowledges “higher 
education segments in California 
now charge California students for 
educational and instructional costs.”

By establishing a more definitive 
vocabulary, the use of the term 
“tuition” classifies the revenue 
and its use to fund “academic 
programs, student financial aid and 

UCÊRegentsÊChangesÊÔTuitionÕÊTerminology

See TUITION,Êpage 3

See JOHNSON,Êpage 3 See FREEWAY,Êpage 3

HOLIDAYÊCHEER

Vocal ensemble Treble Singers performed songs, such as “Let it Snow” and “Santa Baby,” to kick 
off the holiday season on Nov.  23 in front of Geisel Library. They will perform again on Dec. 3.

PHOTO BY ERIK ROBERTS/GUARDIAN

KIM CYPRIAN/GUARDIAN



2 THE UCSD GUARDIANÊ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010Ê NEWS

TheÊ UCSDÊ GuardianÊ isÊ publishedÊ MondaysÊ andÊ
ThursdaysÊduringÊ theÊacademicÊyearÊbyÊUCSDÊstudentsÊ
andÊ forÊ theÊ UCSDÊ community.Ê ReproductionÊ ofÊ thisÊ
newspaperÊ inÊ anyÊ form,Ê whetherÊ inÊ wholeÊ orÊ inÊ part,Ê
withoutÊ permissionÊ isÊ strictlyÊ prohibited.Ê ©Ê 2010,Ê allÊ
rightsÊ reserved.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ notÊ responsibleÊ
forÊtheÊreturnÊofÊunsolicitedÊmanuscriptsÊorÊart.ÊTheÊviewsÊ
expressedÊhereinÊdoÊnotÊnecessarilyÊrepresentÊtheÊopin-
ionsÊofÊ theÊUCSDÊGuardian,Ê theÊUniversityÊofÊCaliforniaÊ
orÊ AssociatedÊStudents.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ fundedÊ
solelyÊbyÊadvertising.ÊAmÊIÊwhale?

GeneralÊEditorial:Ê858-534-6580Ê
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News:Ê858-534-5226,Ênews@ucsdguardian.org
Focus:Ê858-534-5226,Êfocus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus:Ê858-534-6583,Êhiatus@ucsdguardian.orgÊ

Opinion:Ê858-534-6582,Êopinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports:Ê858-534-6582,Êsports@ucsdguardian.org
Photo:Ê858-534-6582,Êphoto@ucsdguardian.org           
Design:Ê858-534-6582,Êdesign@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising:Ê858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax:Ê858-534-7691

Page Layout
HayleyÊBisceglia-Martin,ÊAngelaÊChen,ÊMelodyÊChern,ÊÊ
ReginaÊIp,ÊPraneetÊKolluru,ÊShaziaÊManji,ÊVivianÊZhangÊ

ArielleÊSallai

AngelaÊChen

HayleyÊBisceglia-Martin

ReginaÊIp

NishaÊKurani

CherylÊHori

MargaretÊYau

LiamÊRose

NedaÊSalamat

Zo‘ÊSophos

ArielleÊSallai

NedaÊSalamat

NaomiÊSweo

JohnÊHanacek

AndrewÊOh

MelodyÊChern

BinhÊNgo

KimÊCyprian

RebekahÊHwang

Editor in Chief

Managing Editor

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Associate Focus Editors

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editors

Copy Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Business Assistant
TiffanyÊHanÊ

Advertising Design and Layout 
AlfredoÊH.ÊVilanoÊJr.
A.S.ÊGraphicÊStudioÊ

Distributors
RobertÊEspionza,ÊScottÊHavrisik,ÊAuroraÊLe

Copy Readers
AmyÊGuzdar,ÊMonicaÊHaider,ÊMelissaÊStanley,Ê

NaomiÊSweo

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

Auxiliary & Plant Services Marketing & Communications

Your brain got you here. 
Protect it with a free bicycle helmet!

Pick up a $20 coupon at the Commute Solutions desk in the campus parking o�ce.

Bring it and your valid student ID to the UCSD Bike Shop and get a free helmet. 

The free helmet program is a partnership between Commute Solutions 
and Dr. Paul Mills from the Department of Psychiatry.

One helmet per student while supplies last.

Transportation Services

By Kirsten Mauro
Staff Writer

The combination of two of society’s 
dominating forces — music and com-
puter technology — has created the 
ever-evolving field of computer music. 
Software that bridges technology and 
instrumental music, known as real-
time audio, is currently undergoing 
drastic improvements, making pro-
cessing compositions more efficient. 

Recently appointed as Composer 
in Residence at UCSD’s division of 
Calit2, music professor Rand Steiger 
is developing the music-writing soft-
ware programs MAX and Pure Data to 
make them easier to use, and eventu-
ally automatic.

 Although real-time software has 
been available for about 10 years, 
Steiger said that the existing software 
poses a problem for most musicians 
when they’re attempting to process 
their scores. Currently, MAX and 
Pure Data — both invented by music 
department director Miller Puckette 
— produce a visual programming lan-

guage that allows composers to pro-
duce interactive computer music. But, 
composers are limited in that a profes-
sional usually needs to be present in 
order to play and edit the pieces.  

 For the program to work, the art-
ist plays his or her instrument, which 
is plugged into the computer, while 
a composer reads the data for each 
musical note. 

The music is then altered at the 
computer. In addition, the input and 
output signals are constantly con-
toured to blend the natural sounds of 
the instruments in combination with 
the processed sound projected from 
the speakers. 

“The computer analyzes the data 
and compares it to the score and actu-
ally keeps it in sync with what the 
performer is playing, so the performer 
can play with complete freedom of 
tempo and the computer automatically 
follows what the performer is playing 
and makes all the changes automati-
cally,” Steiger said. 

Since 2001, Steiger’s research has 
focused on improving the software 

to make it more responsive and auto-
matic to the music that is input into 
the computer. 

“This has been a very unreliable 
technology that’s been evolving over 
the last ten years, but now it is becom-
ing a lot more stabilized,” he said.

 Steiger also currently experiments 
with convolution, a combination of 
two unusual noises — such as an oboe 
and running water — with the pro-
cessed computer sounds to create a 
blend of sounds that has not been 
heard before.

 With graduate student Chris 
Warren, Steiger is developing fine con-
trol to blend very different sounds 
together by altering Puckette’s existing 
software. His goal is to eventually make 
the software wireless so that it runs 
automatically while music is played, 
without the help of a professional. 

 Steiger will test the improve-
ments in the software in January 
with the International Contemporary 
Ensemble, a group he performed with 
alongside Puckett. The New York-
based group is made up of 30 classical 

musicians, and will come to San Diego 
to play and test scores developed by 
Steiger. 

Steiger hopes that constructive 
criticism from the ensemble and their 
experience with the software will pro-
vide information on how to improve 
his real-time software. Over the next 
two years, he hopes to write a dozen 
scores for the ensemble to perform.

 The main obstacle Steiger has no 

INTERGALACTIC ASTRAL CAT By Philip Rhie

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

ProfessorÊExperimentsÊwithÊMusicÊSoftwareÊtoÊImproveÊInteractivity
SCIENCEÊANDÊTECHNOLOGY

KIM CYPRIAN/GUARDIAN

See MUSIC,Êpage 3



NEWSÊ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

LIGHTS AND SIRENS
Friday, Nov. 19
8:33 a.m.: Traffic hazard
La Jolla Construction had a sign 
pointing the wrong way, directing 
vehicles into oncoming traffic at the 
Spanos Athletic Training Facility. 
Information only.
9:24 a.m.: Information
A bald 60-year-old male transient in 
a plaid shirt was “spending too much 
time at the 50-cent buffet” at the 
Revelle Commons. Reporter advised 
that the buffet was open to the public. 
Information only.

Saturday, Nov. 20
1:55 a.m.: Disturbance, fight
Multiple persons engaged in a brawl 
at Porter’s Pub. Gone on arrival.
4:03 a.m.: Hit and run, no injuries
An unoccupied black or dark blue 
Volkswagen GTI crashed into a light 
pole on Hopkins Lane. Report taken.
7:43 a.m.: Petty theft
A male in his 40s wearing a “black 
jacket with white stripes [and] blue 
jeans” was spotted stealing items 
from a laundry room on Miramar 
Street. Cited.
12:00 p.m.: Citizen contact
A girl called an RA to stop a room-
mate’s party, so the roommate retali-
ated with a friend by throwing “used 
feminine pads” at the reporter in 
Europe Hall. Information only.
2:44 p.m.: Disturbance, fight
Two males engaged in a fist fight at 
Thornton Hospital until the arrival 
of Thornton security. No disposition.
10:34 p.m.: Suspicious person
A 6-foot-tall male with a large 
build wearing a black backpack was 
lying down in front of the La Jolla 
Playhouse. Will cooperate. 

Sunday, Nov. 21
12:45 a.m.: Fire
Smoking occurred at the bottom of 
the Pangea Parking Structure. A fire 
was later seen rising from a trash can 
on the fourth level. Information only.

1:36 a.m.: Report of battery
A person was slapped in the face at 
Cuzco Hall. They did not need medi-
cal attention. Field interview admin-
istered.
4:28 a.m.: Alcohol contact
A female was seen drinking by herself 
at the loading dock near Tioga Hall. 
Unable to locate. 
9:58 a.m.: Gas/water/sewer leak
Water was reported leaking from the 
ceiling of the Center for Molecular 
Genetics. Referred to other agency.

Monday, Nov. 22
4:49 a.m.: Suspicious vehicle
A car was parked for 20 minutes in 
front of the Village Building 2 with 
“[two] sleepers inside.” Field inter-
view administered.
12:53 p.m.: Welfare check
A white male was passed out over 
his steering wheel with the passen-
ger door of his white van open at 
Campus Services Complex Building 
B. Information only.

Tuesday, Nov. 23
12:14 a.m.: Gas/water/sewer leak
A smelly odor of gas was reported 
leaking throughout Price Center East. 
Information only.
12:18 a.m.: Disturbance, domestic 
violence
A male and female were seen in a 
verbal argument outside of Canyon 
Vista before the male punched a light 
pole. Report taken.
6:03 p.m.: Citizen contact
A cell phone was lost around the 
Marshall Apartments East and con-
tained a text message reading, “I will 
give you $200 to return my phone.” 
Information only.
7:46 p.m.: Information
A male reported his vehicle was keyed 
four to five times while parked in Lot 
106 on Sunday. Information only.

—  Compiled by Andrew Tieu
 Staff Writer

want to get to Genesee [will] get off at Voigt [so] they don’t need to go 
to the university.”

Gregory added that potential problems with transportation access 
to UCSD will also be identified prior to construction.

“The campus will work with Caltrans and identify any issues that 
will be a problem and resolve them before construction,” Gregory said.

Torrey Pines Community Planning Board Chair Dennis Ridz said 
Caltrans held a community forum at the UTC Westfield mall in mid-
August for La Jolla residents. Although, he added, few La Jolla residents 
attended, since it took place in the early afternoon during vacation time. 
After Caltrans released an environmental impact study in June that 
projected the effects of the expansion, opposition formed due to the 
impacts on the region’s air quality, noise pollution and traffic. 

The Torrey Pines Community Planning Board created a 29-page 
response to Caltrans’ environmental impact report. The report showed 
the specific harm that the I-5 expansion would have for people, wildlife 
and the environment.

According to Ridz, Caltrans’ results could be misleading, since the 
group used dated noise studies and equipment to create their report.

“A major failure is not providing the public with other alternatives, 
such as mass transit and discussions on how the I-5 Expansion could be 
coupled with new rail service — double tracking,” Ridz said.

Many of the cities   affected by the expansion paid to have their own 
environmental impact reports done. Collectively, they spent around 
$350,000. Of this, $280,000 was spent by various nearby cities and 
organizations. Solana Beach spent $85,000, Oceanside spent $80,000, 
Del Mar spent $65,000, Carlsbad spent $50,000. The Prevent Los 
Angeles Gridlock Usurping Environment Sierra Club, Cleve, National 
Forrest, C.A.F.E. and the San Diego Development Services joined forces 
to create their own surveys, which collectively cost $35,000.

Ridz said that with the current transit system, 90 percent of new 
capacity would be used up within three years, and within five years 
traffic would be worse.  Ridz also said Caltrans did not follow the 
requirements of the California Environmental Quality Act or the 
National Environmental Policy Act. These acts specify the amount of 
air pollution allowed by law.

“The [Draft Environment Impact Report] is poorly done and 
violates NEPA and CEQA rules,” he said. “I support first trying mass 
transit and upgrades to LOSSAN. Caltrans has failed to provide the 
average citizen with enough information to make an informed decision, 
therefore the DEIR should be withdrawn.”

Ridz noted that Caltrans will be required to respond to questions 
from the public as of Nov. 22, but said he was skeptical about whether 
they would enlighten the public. 

“Caltrans will then take at least a year to answer these questions.”
At a public hearing held Nov. 8 by the state’s Senate Transportation 

Committee, Caltrans director Allan Kosup said that it will probably 
take until the middle of next year to determine which option they will 
choose. Construction could begin as soon as 2013. 

Citizens Against Freeway Expansion member Steve Goetsch said 

that he is concerned about the impact the freeway expansion could have 
on private property. 

But when the I-5 expansion idea was conceived in 2000 by 
SANDAG, SANDAG member and former Solana Beach mayor Marion 
Dodson, who authorized the I-5 freeway expansion in 2000, promised 
that no private property would be taken. 

Goetsch said there is also concern regarding greenhouse gases that 
in Solana Beach and that 70 percent of greenhouse gases are caused by 
traffic on the I-5. If the I-5 is expanded, Goetsch continued, greenhouse 
gases could increase by up to 50 percent. 

“[The proposal] doesn’t say a word about greenhouse gases in 
its thousands of pages,” Goetsch said. “It’s 1950s thinking in the 21st 
century.” 

The San Diego Union Tribune reported that potential dangers of 
expanding the I-5 include a 70-percent increase in air pollution, and the 
possible destruction of seven ecologically sensitive lagoons. 

Noise pollution and children’s health are other issues.
“I live above I-5,” Carlsbad resident Kathy Combs said. “I’m 

bombarded with road noise every morning when I walk my dog. Sadly, 
when people are in their cars driving to work or to school, they don’t 
hear that noise or see how much pollution is around them. I do.”

Along the I-5, there are multiple homes, schools, day care centers, 
playground and medical facilities, such as the Preuss Model School 
here at UCSD. The California Environmental Protection Agency and 
California Air Resources Board reported that children who live within 
550 feet of heavy traffic have more medical visits than children who 
live further away from traffic. Medical problems such as slower lung 
development, asthma and bronchitis are also associated with traffic. 

P.L.A.G.U.E. Chair Noel Spaid described the I-5 expansion as 
unworkable and a short-term solution. 

“It is a failed answer,” she said. “It won’t work in La Jolla — it won’t 
work anywhere. It is a non-sustainable system. We are a car culture, 
[and the freeways] are full again in two to four years.” 

According to Spaid, all the modern cities have gone to a metro 
system. 

“Perpetually expanding freeways [doesn’t] work,” she said.   [It’s] a 
non-workable waste of money.”

A special council meeting held in Solana Beach on Nov. 18 shared 
the consultants’ report on the effects of expanding the I-5. On the 
CAFE Google Groups site, Goetsch said the report called Caltrans’ 
environmental report “ambiguous and unstable.” 

The experts hired said Caltrans’ report did not follow federal and 
state law. becuase does not discuss a preferred option toward the project 
or any other mass transit options — something Caltrans is legally 
required to do. Solana Beach sent Caltrans a letter based on its findings.

The public had until Nov. 22 to voice opinions on the matter. Last 
week, State Senator Christine Kehoe (D-San Diego) said the expansion 
project will continue revisions and add new options to reduce traffic 
congestion.

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz at rahorwit@ucsd.edu.

CitizensÊConcernedÊAboutÊNoise,ÊHealthÊinÊI-5ÊExpansionÊProject

on Eastern Asia in the UC system for 
30 years — first at Berkeley from 1962 
to 1988, then at UCSD until 1992. 

He moved transferred UCSD in 
1988 after an invitation from found-
ing dean at the UCSD School of 
International Relations and Pacific 
Studies Peter Gourevitch. Gourevitch 
said he first contacted Johnson to 
help him shape the new school, as 
Johnson wanted a program that was 
more cross-disciplinary than at other 
schools.

Johnson also contributed to the 
development of UCSD’s Japanese 
Studies program, along with Japanese 
history professor John Dower and 
Japanese language and literature pro-
fessor Masao Miyoshi.

“They formed one of the most 
powerful groups of Japan scholars 
anywhere in the world,” Krauss said. 
“Just their presence and the fact that 
they were all on the same campus 
put UCSD on the map in terms of 
Japanese studies.”

At the time he was approached 
by Gourevitch, Johnson was already 
a prominent academic in East Asian 
studies who had first gained national 
attention when he wrote the book 
MITI and the Japanese Miracle. 

In it, he detailed his theory that 
Japan’s economic success following 
World War II was due in large part 
to government intervention. This was 
a forceful rebuke to the prevailing 
wisdom that governments were an 
obstacle to economic success. 

“He really challenged the 
Washington consensus,” Gourevitch 
said. “People were seeing every-
thing through an American prism. It 
doesn’t work that way.”

But Krauss said he disagreed with 
Johnson’s views in MITI and the 
Japanese Miracle.

“It was an absolutely brilliant 
book,” Krauss said. “He was right in 
his view of the Japanese bureaucra-
cy in the early post-war period, but 

what happened when things started 
to change [during the]1980s and 90s, 
he clung to the view that the bureau-
cracy was still all-powerful in Japan. I 
disagreed with him that this was still 
the case…I think that was our main 
disagreement. I definitely agreed with 
him that Japan [had] a different form 
of capitalism.”

Johnson also wrote Peasant 
Nationalism and Communist Power: 
The Emergence of Revolutionary China 

1 9 3 7 - 1 9 4 5 , 
which argued 
that the 
Communist 
Party suc-
c e e d e d 
b e c a u s e 
China had a 
n a t i o n a l i s t 
political view 
in response 
to the Anti-
Japanese War. 

“He took 
a view that no 
one else had 
taken before,” 
Krauss said. 
“The book on 
China argued 
that one of 

the great appeals of communism in 
China was not Marxist ideology at all, 
but rather that the Chinese communist 
represented nationalism…That, during 
the Cold War, was not a common view.”

In total, Johnson wrote 15 books 
on Japan, China and the United States. 

“The thing about Chal that’s 
so unusual is that he wrote one of 
the most groundbreaking books on 
China and then years later wrote one 
of the most groundbreaking books 
on Japan,” Krauss said. “Not many 
people do that — [not many] can 
write extremely seminal books on 
both countries.”

Johnson’s attracted controversy by 
challenging free market ideologies. 
Gourevitch welcomed it.

“I was happy to have the debate 
come to UCSD,” Gourevitch said. 
“Chalmers opened up discussions on 
the role of government in econo-
mies.”

After four years at UCSD, Johnson 
retired from teaching. Krauss said 
this was because of the retirement 
packages offered by the UC system, 
in addition to disagreements over 
teaching methods.

“At that time, UC system was 
going through economic crisis as 
much as today,” Krauss said. “But 
unlike today, they were offering gold-
en parachutes, [or] early retirement 
packages. I remember Chal or his 
wife telling me it was such a good 
offer, it didn’t pay to continue work-
ing… A lot of it was the appeal of the 
retirement package and a little bit was 
that he was beginning to disagree in 
approach in political science and in 
the school.”

Johnson was notorious for his 
sharp wit that he often used to cut 
through government jargon. In 
an essay published in The Nation, 
Johnson defined collateral damage 
as “another of those hateful euphe-
misms invented by our military to 
prettify its killing of the defenseless.”

“He was devastating when he 
could disagree with you both because 
of his fast intelligence and the way 
he could respond in a very funny 
way,” Krauss said. “But he could real-
ly destroy people he had arguments 
with.” 

Johnson once explained that his 
politics came from a deep desire to 
help restore stability to America.

“My purpose is to mobilize inat-
tentive Americans to what they are 
about to lose, namely the freedoms 
associated with the American repub-
lic, and to understand that once 
they lose it, they’ll never get it back,” 
Johnson said.

Readers can contact Justin Kauker and 
Regina Ip at news@ucsdguardian.org.

JohnsonÕsÊTheoriesÊInvitedÊCriticism,ÊScholarlyÊDebate

ProfessorÊHopesÊtoÊShareÊ
MusicÊandÊSoftwareÊforÊ
Experimentation
control over is the structure of classical instruments. Unlike 
guitars, which contain built-in electronic censors and the 
ability to be plugged into a computer, most classical instru-
ments have to be played into a microphone to generate data. 

By eliminating the microphone and creating an instru-
ment that can generate electric output, reading notes will be 
more concise, Steiger said.

After he completes all his scores, the professor hopes to 
create a website containing both his music and advanced 
real-time software. Visitors to the site can download his 
pieces and then edit them with his software.

 “By distributing over the web and by having this self-
calibrating software, it’s going to be a lot easier to play my 
music,” Steiger said. “Ten to 15 years ago, this would be 
unthinkable, and it’s really exciting to me that I can work 
this way.” 

Readers can contact Kirsten Mauro at kmauro@ucsd.edu.

administrative services.”
But there has been some debate in response to the word 

change and its implications.
By giving concrete meaning to the word “tuition,” UC 

Student Association leaders consider the terminology 
shift a way of forfeiting a tuition-free institution where 
instructional costs are covered by the state. 

Proponents of the change advocate that the renaming is 
a pragmatic move and that it accurately depicts the cost of 
public education in the state.

In addition to changing the educational fee to tuition, the 
Regents voted to rename the fees for selected professional 
school students to “professional degree supplemental 
tuition,” and the name of nonresident tuition to “nonresident 
supplemental tuition.”

Readers can contact Asia Camagong at acamagon@ucsd.
edu.

▶ JOHNSON, from page 1

▶ MUSIC, from page 2

UCÊRegentsÊAltersÊTermÊ
ÔEducationalÊFeeÕÊtoÊ
ÔSupplementalÊTuitionÕ
▶ TUITION, from page 1

“He was 
absolutely 
brilliant He 
could write 
like a dream...
but he could 
dominate with 
the force of his 
personality.”

ELLIS KRAUSS
JAPANESE POLITICS 

PROFESSOR

▶ FREEWAY, from page 1



OUT OF CONTEXT
As a woman, I was offended, outraged, disgusted — not 
to mention jealous. What does Eliana have that I don’t? 
No TSA agent has ever singled me out because of the size 
and shape of my breasts or any other body part.”

CAROLINE BAUM
COLUMNIST, BLOOMBERG NEWS

“
4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/OPINION

OPINION
CONTACTÊTHEÊEDITOR:Êopinion@ucsdguardian.org

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010

SHOULD THE I-5 EXTENSION 
PROJECT GO FORWARD? VOTE 
ONLINE.

√  Yes
√  No
√  I don’t know

QUICKTAKES

TSA security measures have become routine. After shoe-bomber Richard Reid, people were 
forced to remove their shoes. Next, there were 
threats of liquid explosives; the solution was to limit 
liquids. Now with the underwear bomber, we need 
to have our underwear inspected. By 2012, a man 
will put something dangerous up his butt, and in 
2013, the TSA will start anal cavity inspections. 

Another year, another intrusive security mea-
sure. That’s not to say security isn’t important, but 
body-scanners and intensive pat-downs aren’t going 
to protect us from all terrorists. Right now, a ter-
rorist could easily cause mayhem at a high school 
gym, a football stadium or even a train station. Is 
the solution to these threats body scanners at every 
single building in America? No. We will only be safe 
if we eliminate the terrorist threat at the source.

Instead of responding to every terrorist attack 
reactively, the U.S. needs to continue old-fashioned 
investigations and support of special force units to 
eliminate terrorists. Al-Qaeda wasn’t weakened by 
shoe inspections, but by freezing of bank accounts 
and strict monitoring of their members. All our 
security measures at the airport will have little effect 
if terrorists just choose another target. Hence, we 
need to address the cause and not the symptoms, 
and stop the terrorists in their tracks (and I’m not 
just saying this because I don’t want an anal cavity 
search) to protect America. 

— Saad Asad
Contributing Writer

TSAÕsÊFull-BodyÊScan

The new frisking and imaging techniques in the U.S. airports definitely get a little too close for 
comfort. But when the alternative is bomb threats 
and mayhem, we can stand to give up some per-
sonal space in exchange for our safety. The upside 
of the TSA’s new and detailed body scanners is that 
they can see everything — meaning we’ll be bet-
ter protected from the truly dedicated and sneaky 
terrorists that try smuggling bombs in their under-
pants.

The downside: They see everything. That’s what 
has America in a tizzy — we’re highly conserva-
tive when it comes to invasions of privacy. But if 
there was ever a time to loosen up, it’s now;  if this 
method saves even one life, it’s worth letting some 
airport worker — who you can bet you’ll never see 
again — enter your bubble of personal space. 

In the wake of 9/11, we asked to be protected 
by our government, and therefore we must sacri-
fice some privileges for the sake of a safer public. 
Temporary discomfort comes second to the safety 
of the masses. 

For now, these intrusive examinations are what 
the country needs until we find a better way to 
ensure safety and restore confidence in air travel. 
The alternative: Having attractive celebrities per-
form the pat-downs — although it might cause 
people like me might go through security twice.

— Madeline Mann
Staff Writer

The Transportation and Security Administration’s new, mandatory full-body 
x-ray scan provides officers with a detailed image 
of airplane passengers’ bodies — an image that 
exposes much more than explosives and go so far 
as to reveal breast implants and underwear. And 
while the threat of terrorism is alarming, we can-
not sacrifice our basic right to privacy for a policy 
that isn’t even fool-proof.

When the British police foiled a terrorist plot to 
detonate liquid explosives on an airplane in 2006, 
Homeland Security began demanding that pas-
sengers remove their shoes during security checks. 
In four years, they never found another shoe-bomb 
threat. It’s the same with banning liquids. Instead 
of  taking advanced preventative measures against 
terrorist attacks, the TSA is just reacting to threats 
— once they’re past. 

When all is said and done, this full-body x-ray 
isn’t the ultimate solution to protecting airplane 
passengers — the x-ray body scans won’t make a 
difference when it really matters. Clever citizens 
like Coloradian Jeff Buske have already created 
underwear that outsmart the scans by adding 
a tungsten lining that prevents the x-rays from 
revealing our “private parts.” If people like Buske 
can outsmart the TSA in a week flat, we can only 
imagine how easy it’ll be for terrorists to work 
around these new restrictions.

 — Lexi Halamandaris
Contributing Writer

Reactive Measures Distract From PreventionPrivacy Trumps Gov-Sanctioned Groping Peace of  Mind and Safety Worth the Costs

SatanÊDoesnÕtÊ
LeaveÊPresentsÊ
UnderÊtheÊTree
Santa Claus is taking over CVS. His two aisles of Christmas lights and plastic lawn elves 
have temporarily moved the loo-
fahs I need to Aisle 15 and “Jingle 
Bells” is starting to blare. But while 
most would feel cheer at these signs 
of upcoming consumerism, when 
trudging through the overwhelming 
displays of red and green, I felt the 
spirit of the Grinch growing. 

Thousands of Santa’s loyal elves 
— my little sister being one of the 
most dedicated — are aghast: “How 
could you hate Christmas?” First, it’s 
actually not that hard if your favorite 
holiday is Thanksgiving. Plus, my 
little sister makes sure it’s Christmas 
year-round, blasting her “Santa Baby” 
and “Winter Wonderland” in July 
and dressing the seven-foot-tall tree 
with my mother every year before 
Halloween hits. Santa would be so 
proud.

Another reason I hate Christmas, 
might be the fact that I discovered 
Santa Claus wasn’t real at the tender 
age of eight. It began on a cold night 
in December 1999. Like every other 
8-year-old, I couldn’t stop myself 
from counting and recounting the 
star-covered wrapping paper under-
neath the tree. When my mom finally 
told me I could unwrap my gifts, I 
make a run for it, attacked the biggest 
one, but to be polite, opened the card 
first.

The envelope read: “From Satans.” 
Even without a Christian upbringing, 
it was pretty obvious that the devil 
didn’t go around dropping off kits of 
150 gel pens to 8-year-old girls. 

Then the card was signed, “Love, 
Mom and Dad.” You can tell by my 
last name that I’m Asian, and accord-
ing to the stereotype, my mom can’t 
spell English for shit. She also for-
got that “Mom and Dad” is supposed 
to  replace “Satans” on the card.

So maybe this holiday bitterness 
stems from not having a normal 
American childhood, but deep down, 
I know that one simple, if slightly 
scarring, blunder won’t overshadow 
the years my mother struggled 
through reading bedtime stories to 
me in English — and because my 
5-year-old self kept correcting her 
pronunciation, she began saving 
up to buy every Disney movie that 
came out (thanks Mom, I love you)
so I could learn English without an 
accent. And when my rice and sea-
weed lunches made me the brunt of 
jokes, she packed sandwiches stacked 
high with turkey, ham, lettuce and 
tomatoes. 

So even if I’m not a huge fan 
of cutting out a thousand paper 
snowflakes, I’ll suck it up and help 
my sister decorate the house while 
joining in on the “Twelve Days of 
Christmas.” 

Not all Christmas traditions are 
bad. I mean, who else is going to 
eat the cookies my sister leaves out 
for Santa every year? To survive the 
holidays, I’ll embrace the “Christmas 
spirit” and remind myself that it’s 
not about the insane amount of 
cheer I have to force each year or the 
incredibly annoying songs. It’s about 
spending time with the family — 
something that’s become more rare 
as I grow up. 

Maybe this year, Mom’ll get a 
present from “Satan” signed “Love, 
your daughter… the older one.”

PHILIP JIA/GUARDIAN

As college students, we’re not exactly rolling in dough — and when the average coed is expected to dish out $700 to $1,100 annually for textbooks whose prices will probably increase 
with each quarter, breaking the bank in the name of Poli104DA 
becomes a frightening possibility. But there’s a light at the end of the 
costly tunnel. Depending on the final ruling, the Costco v. Omega case, 
elevated to the Supreme Court last week, could put an end to the abu-
sive monopoly of publishing companies and finally give us the break 
we deserve. 

Costco v. Omega arose after wholesale company Costco sold 
Omega-brand watches at lower-than-retail prices. If Costco had 
purchased the watches in the U.S., the first sale doctrine dictates that 
Costco would have had full power in determining the watches’ resale 
price. But the case is complicated because Costco bought the watches 
from overseas. The question now up for debate is whether the first 
sale doctrine still applies outside the U.S. 

If the court rules that the doctrine does apply to items purchased 

overseas, Costco has the right to sell the Omega watches stateside at 
whatever price it wants. If not, Costco needs Omega’s permission to 
sell the watches. 

The Association of American Publishers wrote to the court, cit-
ing similar ramifications in the world of textbook publishers. Most 
textbooks, the letter said, have cheaper international counterparts  that 
contain the exact same content but with lower-quality papers, bindings 
and covers and without color. If the court rules in favor of Costco, com-
panies can sell cheaper international textbook editions in the U.S.

For students, this is only good news. With the price of college text-
books has gone up nearly 30 percent in the past four years alone, dif-
ferences in binding, color and quality of paper are negligible sacrifices. 
It’s not worth paying an additional $2,000 for more durable binding 
that we’ll forget about the second finals are over.

Publishers also claimed that selling international editions would 
cause negative ripple effects, such as less compensation for authors, 
fewer updates and an overall decrease in the quality of textbooks. 

Buying an Education on a Global Scale
TEXTBOOK OPTIONS MAY BE EXPANDING, BUT IF COSTCO V. OMEGA 

ALLOWS COSTCO TO SELL INTERNATIONAL TEXTBOOKS AT LOWER PRICES, BROKE COLLEGE 
STUDENTS CAN BREATHE A LITTLE EASIER.

BY REVATHY SAMPATH-KUMAR 

Aliens, Yellow 
Jackets & Pie

r1hwang@ucsd.edu

Aliens, Yellow 
Jackets & Pie

Rebekah Hwang



OPINIONÊ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

The job market is global.
Are you?

Peace Corps Info Session
Fri, Dec. 3rd.  10:00 - 11:30am
Career Services, Horizon Room
d1gomez@ucsd.edu
858.534.1336
www.peacecorps.gov/events

holiday
12.2Th
issue

to advertise, call 858.534.3467

the guardian

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

Dear Editor,
UC San Diego’s motto is “Local 

Impact, National Influence, Global 
Reach.” UCSD undoubtedly has a sig-
nificant impact on the local economy 
and influences national discourse 
in many areas of study. But how far 
across the globe do the innovations 
and technologies created at UCSD 
reach? The answer is: not far enough.

UCSD has not made a concerted 
effort to ensure many of the universi-
ty’s groundbreaking research discover-
ies will reach those in most desperate 
need of its innovations. If a scientist in 
the UCSD School of Medicine devel-
oped a breakthrough HIV/AIDS treat-
ment, it would be licensed to a phar-
maceutical company for clinical testing 
and manufacture. There is no policy 
at UCSD that would require that com-
pany to sell the HIV/AIDS drug at a 
price that patients in the developing 
world could afford, or allow another 
company to produce it generically at a 
lower cost for these patients. There is 
no assurance that this drug developed 
at UCSD would reach patients in the 
poorest parts of the globe. To live up 
to its motto, UCSD should commit to 
making its innovations available and 
affordable to millions worldwide.

Dec. 1 is World AIDS Day, when 
we are reminded of the 33.3 million 
people living with HIV today — 15 
million of whom need immediate 
treatment.  Only one third of these 
people will actually be able to access 
life-saving drugs. This means that 10 
million people will die in the next 
three to four years not because treat-
ment doesn’t exist, but because the 
drugs are not affordable. Many of 
these medicines were initially discov-
ered in university laboratories funded 
by federal tax dollars. For example, 
UC San Francisco owns the patent for 

Fuzeon, a critical last-line drug used to 
extend the lives of patients when other 
therapies have failed. Without a global 
policy firmly in place, no provisions 
were made to ensure global reach and 
patients continue to be denied access.

UCSD’s administrators have yet to 
take action. Recently, more than 20 
other institutions including Harvard, 
Yale, University of Pennsylvania and 
Duke signed onto a collective set of 
principles and strategies to ensure the 
“equitable dissemination of medical 
technologies” that originate on their 
campuses. Even the National Institutes 
of Health and the Centers for Disease 
Control are in support of this policy. 
To maintain its place as one of the top 
universities, UCSD must join their 
colleagues in endorsing the collective 
document and push for more effective 
policies ensuring global access to uni-
versity-developed innovations. Until 
then, potential medicines will continue 
to be signed over by UCSD to biotech-
nology and pharmaceutical companies 
with no commitment to addressing 
this access to medicines crisis.

The time for UCSD to act is now. 
The administration has been made 
aware of this issue for more than 
two years now; continuing to delay 
any action is not acceptable when 
potentially millions of lives are at risk. 
UCSD has the power and ability to ful-
fill its motto and significantly expand 
its global reach; all that is needed is the 
courage to act upon it.

— Taylor Gilliland
Doctoral Candidate, Biomedical 

Sciences UCSD

JOAN OF ART By Raechel Wong

Textbook company lawyers warned 
that paying authors less would lead to 
a decline in the textbook content qual-
ity, which would negatively impact the 
education system. They further stated 
that these would be fewer updates 
and textbook editions, reducing the 
amount of cutting-edge information. 

In reality, the quality of a teaching 
staff is more important than textbooks 
to the quality of education. Students 
lose almost nothing when sacrific-
ing unnecessary textbook editions. 
New editions come with a hefty price 
increase, but usually have little to offer 
aside from changes in the numbering 
of problems. 

In 2008, Congress passed legisla-
tion forcing publishers to sell text-
books separately, instead in costly 
packaged bundles. This mandate has 

only begun to take effect in 2010, but 
removing a study guide here and there 
has done little in terms of reducing 
costs to affordable levels. 

There has also been a great increase 
— $2 to $263 million in 8 years — in 
the percent of e-books being sold, 
but for some students, reading a text 
online is not the same as having a tan-
gible copy. Some online companies let 
students rent textbooks for a quarter 
or semester at a fraction of the cost of 
buying them. 

But the most obvious cost-saving 
tactic is to buy an international edition 
without the bells and whistles. As long 
as it’s the same content, the student has 
the same experience for a fraction of 
the cost. Publishing companies need 
to give students more price and quality 
options. Right now, they’re forcing all 

students to buy Coach purses, without 
allowing them to purchase lower-qual-
ity but equally functional and cheaper 
versions.  

Many students resort to taking 
out second loans, photocopying texts, 
borrowing from school libraries or 
sharing with other students. We’re here 
to learn — not get hustled. If the court 
rules in favor of Omega, nothing will 
change for broke college students. 

The Supreme Court is set to decide 
on Costco v. Omega before June of 
this year. If all goes well, the ruling 
will force publishers to offer cheaper 
versions of their textbooks and give 
students more power over their educa-
tions. 

Readers can contact Revathy Sampth-
Kumar at rsampath@ucsd.edu.

With Lower Textbook Prices, Students Win

Put Humanity First When 
It Comes to Research

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. All letters 
must be no longer than 500 words, typed, double-spaced 
and signed with a name and applicable title. Letters must 
also contain a phone number. We reserve the right to edit for 
length and clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of the Student Center or e-mailed. 
Send all letters to:

The UCSD Guardian
Opinion Editor

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: opinion@ucsdguardian.org



 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7

FOCUS
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010

CONTACTÊTHEÊEDITOR:Êfocus@ucsdguardian.org

WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/FOCUSWWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/FOCUS

Thomas Levy spends a lot of time in the dirt. During the cooler seasons, the UCSD anthropology professor and archeology chair takes a group of grad-
uate students with him to the copper district in the 
south of Jordan, where they brave the sweltering 
heat while excavating copper mines six days a 
week — all in hopes of discovering connections 
between the Iron Age and the Old Testament. The 
project was met with a fair share of skepticism — 
droves of historians question the reliability of the 
ancient texts and their authors. It wasn’t until 2002, 
when data from various field tests came back, that 

their controversial move started to pay off.  
The professors’ radiocarbon tests (of organic 

material found on miners’ workbenches or around 
the mines) suggest that skeptics have been wrong 
and the Iron Age began in the 10th-century B.C., 
rather than the 12th. The discovery of 10th-
century mines realigns history to coincide 

with Biblical stories about the Israelite King David, 
his son King Solomon’s wealthy empire and the 
ancient Edomites, implying that such grandeur 
could have existed as early as the Old Testament 
claims. 

Until now, evidence supporting the existence 
of an Edomite empire has been minimal, but the 
team’s ironclad evidence has provided historical 
scenarios that make Biblical accounts possible and  
reopened the debate. 

“What we’re excited about is discovering what 
appears to be an early Biblical kingdom of Edom,” 
Levy said. “We’re claiming we have evidence of a 
complex society that mirrors some of the things 
we read in the Hebrew Bible about the ancient 
Edomites at this time.”

As for the man behind the metal, Levy received 
his degree in anthropology from the University 
of Arizona in Tucson and his PhD from the 
University of Sheffield in England, though his 
interest in the field began at the age of 14. 

“We had a cultural anthropologist that was a 
friend of ours and he had worked in Africa,” Levy 
said. “I was 14, and hearing about his adventures 
and the kind of work anthropologists did, and I 
wanted to do it too. But as a youngster you can’t 
really do cultural anthropology, so I volunteered 
for an archeology dig and went on my first excava-
tion in Los Angeles.”

Levy has always been interested in human-
ity’s cultural cradle — he first began studying 
cultural archeology in Israel. The researcher was 
lead to southern Jordan after discovering traces of 
metal in Israel that originated in the former, and 
promptly requested a transfer there. The area was 
covered in black rock, the waste product of smelt-
ing, indicating that the area had been used as a 
ground for metal works at some point. 

“I had done some work in Israel, and the 
ancient copper mines that we’d discovered when 

BY NEDA SALAMAT * FOCUS EDITOR
P H OTO S  CO U R T E S Y  O F  C A L I T 2

A METALLIC DISCOVERY MADE BY PROFESSOR THOMAS LEVY 
AND HIS PARTNERS COULD COMPLETELY CHANGE THE WAY 

ANTHROPOLOGISTS AND HISTORIANS REGARD THE BIBLE’S NARRATIVE.The Israelite shepherd David was born around 1040 B.C. After slaying the 
giant Goliath (yes, that David), he was welcomed into King Saul’s court and, 
after Saul died in battle, appointed King of Israel. David is remembered as a 
good ruler who loved the arts and is credited with writing the Book of Psalms. 

David ruled the Kingdom of Israel for about 40 years (about 1010 B.C. to 970 B.C.), dur-
ing which time he liberated the Israelites from the Philistines, conquered the Edomites 
and established Jerusalem as the religious and political center of the kingdom. 

He married Saul’s daughter Michal, but committed adultery with a beautiful woman 
named Bathsheba, whose son Solomon eventually inherited David’s throne. David is 
noted as being an ancestor of Joseph, Jesus’ adoptive father. 

KING DAVID

 Renowed as the greatest king of Israel, David’s son Solomon rebuilt and ruled 
Jerusalem from about 960 to 922 B.C.  He expanded his empire by establishing 
far-reaching trade posts and colonies, building fleets for naval exploration, main-
taining iron and copper mine and engaging in diplomacy, including a famous 

meeting with the Queen of Sheba. Solomon also consolidated his power with large-scale 
building projects, the most notable of which was the Temple of Jerusalem.

These projects required huge amounts of forced labor and heavy taxes, leading to wide-
spread unrest and eventual rebellions among his subjects. The Wailing Wall, or Western Wall, 
in Jerusalem is the last remnant of the wall Solomon built to fortify Jerusalem and is a main 
place of pilgrimage for Jews.

Under Solomon’s rule, the Edomites remained a vassal of the Israelite Kingdom. He is 
credited with writing the books of Proverbs and Ecclesiastes and some of the psalms. 

KING SOLOMON

Until Levy’s discovery, Biblical scholars believed the kingdom of Edom, in 
southern Jordan, was a pastoral society inhabited by the descendents of Jacob’s 
brother Esau, and later taken over by Kings David and Solomon, descendents 
of Jacob. Under Solomon, the Israeli empire flourished — the Bible speaks of 

Solomon’s great wealth  — but no concrete proof of Solomon or David’s fortune had ever been 
discovered. Without a source of wealth, it seemed unlikely that either the Israeli or Edomite 
kings could muster enough money for an army large enough to conquer other territories. 
According to Levy, until his discovery, histories discounted the Bible’s account of Solomon’s 
wealth and believed that most of Edom’s prosperity came from barter. This belief fueled the 
impression that Israel did not become a nation-state until a century later and that David was 
a tribal chieftan instead of an important king. Levy’s discovery implies that the Bible’s descrip-
tions of Solomon’s wealth were accurate. 

THE CONTR0VERSY

See BIBLE,Êpage 8



8 THE UCSD GUARDIANÊ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010Ê FOCUS

The search for the perfect wave just got 
easier: The Wavehouse’s ready-made 10-foot 
surf makes it a beach bum’s paradise.

Sandwiched between the sand of Mission 
Beach and the Giant Dipper roller coaster, 
18 minutes from campus, the Wavehouse is a 
creative mixture of So Cal trademarks sprawled 
across 40,000 square feet of oceanfront proper-
ty, with a beach blonde staff serving up burgers, 
drinks, live entertainment and in-house waves.

This surfer-cool locale has the usual food, 
booze and palm trees of any beachside eatery, 
with two big exceptions. Its dual wave machines 
are dump truck-sized slanted pools that gener-
ate waves up to 10 feet high  —  the place is 
world famous for mixing flowboarding and 
dining. 

Flowboarding involves riding a body board 
down an artificial wave and doing tricks, stand-
ing up or laying flat. At Wavehouse, riders use 
wave machines called FlowRiders that generate 
sheets of unbroken waves, allowing them to 
surf in conditions that are perfect every time. 
Wavehouse is one of three such places interna-
tionally where you can experience the sporting 
mixture of surfing, snowboarding, skateboard-
ing and wakeboarding all in one. 

Once you’ve hunted down a parking spot, 
follow the painted footsteps straight through 
the entryway; if you’re over 21, pause to get a 
wristband from security.

You have a choice between four different 
restaurants within the Wavehouse — North 
Shore Café, Bar & Grill, Sound Wave (only 
open weekends) and Patio Grill — but grab a 
seat on the patio for the best mid-meal enter-
tainment, where you can sink your toes into 
the sandbox under your table and watch people 

ride (and wipe out in) the wave machine. 
Anyone can take a turn on the wave 

machines — don’t worry, they give you wetsuits, 
and the bottom of the wave tank is padded for 
when you tank it. The FlowRider machine costs 
$20 an hour, plus a one-time $10 registration 
fee which includes a short explanation of the 
basics. 

It’s a little harder to stand up on the larg-
er FlowBarrel, where you have to conquer 
100,000 gallons of water flowing under you at 
30 mph, but if you’ve mastered the FlowRider 
and forked over the $40 fee, the adrenaline rush 
might just be worth it. Rides for both machines 
start on the hour, so be sure to budget enough 
time to digest lunch before you suit up.

Lunch itself doesn’t really make waves, aside 
from the fact that it’s relatively cheap (most 
meals cost under $15). Sandwiches or wraps 
are your best bet — Patio Grill’s turkey avocado 
comes topped with red onion, lettuce and garlic 
mayo, for $5.50. This place is better known for 
nighttime entertainment, like concerts,  than 
for its cuisine, but service is attentive and 
friendly. Go at sunset for multicolor glimpses of 
the (real) waves through bamboo fences. 

Inconveniently, bathrooms are located out-
side and around the corner (again, follow the 
footsteps), and after a while, the hardwood 
benches that make up most of the seating starts 
to feel like, well, hardwood. But though this 
place may be better at hanging 10 than making 
fish and chips, it still offers classic So Cal culture 
in one picturesque, Volcom-clad, totally rad 
venue. Wavehouse hours vary.

— ZOË  SOPHOS
ASSOCIATE FOCUS EDITOR

WAVEHOUSE: HANG 10 3125 Oceanfront Walk San Diego, CA 92109(858) 228-9304
SI

TE
SE

EN

we did a chemical analysis showed that they 
came from this part of Jordan,” Levy said.

The move proved to be a smart one; in 
addition to shaking up the historical timeline, 
the research earned them funding from the 
National Science Foundation, the National 
Geographic Society and private donors. It 
also gave them exposure via a feature on 
this month’s cover of National Geographic 
Magazine, and translated to a near-hour long 
feature by National Geographic and PBS’ 
NOVA that debuted last week.

“It was great working with the National 
Geographic-NOVA television team,” Levy 
said. “The director has a PhD in anthropology, 
so he knows how to tell an anthropological 
story.”

Prior to receiving funding and making the 
switch to more advanced technology, Levy 
and his team had to use dated techniques to 
conduct their excavations. 

“In 1999, I decided to make the switch to 
a total digital archeological recording,” Levy 
said. “The old-fashioned way uses tape mea-
sure, graph paper and builder’s measures to 
eyeball elevation levels.”

The funding allowed Levy and his partner, 
visiting UCSD scholar Dr. Mohammad Najjar, 
to work with engineers at Calit2, including 
engineering professor Falko Kuester, who 
helped to create more precise technology and 
new methods of surveillance. 

“With the survey tools, it allows us to 
go out there and record the location of arti-
facts within one millimeter of accuracy,” Levy 
said. “What that means is that our data is 
already geospatially oriented and we can drop 
it into 3D virtual reality environments, like the 
StarCAVE at UCSD.”

Levy explained that the StarCAVE, located 
on the first floor of Calit2, is a virtual reality 
theater that projects images on the floor and 
360 degrees around the room. It allows the 
archaeologists to recreate the excavation from 
their recording as if they were still in Jordan.

The partnership with Calit2 and techno-
logical advances allowed Levy’s archeologists 
to accurately capture the two most important 
anthropological aspects accurately — time and 
space. Digital technology has been one of the 
focuses of his long-running research in Jordan. 

“For archeologists, our most precious com-
modities are time and space,” Levy said. “We 
have to be able to measure time accurately 
to look at cultural evolution. How do we do 
that? We use high-precision carbon dating. 
The other, most important resource for us 
is to control space, to control the location of 
artifacts in their original cultural context. If 

you go to a site, pull up a beautiful pot and take 
it away, it has no context, and when you rip it 
out of the ground without a context, it loses its 
social meaning.”

During the digs in Jordan, Levy and his 
team were among the first to use radiocarbon 
dating on the biological substances (anything 
containing carbon) they found to determine 
when the mines were first put into use. The 
team began to use radiocarbon dating in 2002, 
and Levy and Najjar published their first jour-
nal on the matter in 2004. 

“What we would find, associated with all 
those well-defined layers — like floors and 
working surfaces — we might find pieces of 
charcoal or pieces of carbonized seeds, like 
date seeds and we would radiocarbon date 
them,” Levy said. “And seeds are great, because 
they’re what we call ‘short-lived samples.’ It 
represents one growing season.”

When results from hundreds of high-pre-
cision radiocarbon tests on organic matter 
(more than any other Iron Age site in the 
Middle East) began pouring in, indicating 
dates before the historically accepted 12th-
century mark, the scientists knew they’d stum-
bled across something remarkable. 

Now, near a decade later, Levy is close 
to finding whether the purported stomping 
grounds of King Solomon and David really 
existed. At the moment, however, the data 
is non-conclusive as to whether the historic 
figures’ empires existed.

“It’s from the time of Solomon, but the 
only way we could possibly know if we’d found 
something related to a historic figure like 
David or Solomon is if we had an inscription, 
and we don’t,” Levy said.

But the discovery is the first step.
“We’re planning a new project at what we 

think is the political center of this mining dis-
trict, where archeologists have actually found 
field systems,” Levy said. “[We’re hoping to 
find] evidence of the administrative structure 
of the mining operations, and maybe even 
some inscriptions.”

Readers can contact Neda Salamat at nsal-
amat@ucsd.edu

UCSDÊProf.ÊUncoversÊBibleÊMysteries
▶ BIBLE, from page 7

Print Classifieds available: $5 for 30 words per issue

GUARDIAN
CLASSIFIEDS

FOR UCSD STAFF
& STUDENTS

FREE
ONLINE

ucsdguardian.campusave.com

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN



FOCUSÊ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

Take Advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension's 
Complimentary Enrollment

Undergrads
To pick up your vouchers, have 
your student ID card and go to 
UC San Diego Extension Student 
Services Center, Building C.

Graduate students 
and medical students 
please contact OGSR and the 
School of Medicine for their 
complimentary vouchers.

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

*Some restrictions apply, call (858) 534-3400

For information, call (858) 534-3400 
or visit Extension Student Services Building C

Complimentary Enrollment  
for Winter Quarter 2011

This week only

Receive a complimentary Extension course* up to $300 
(students must pay anything over amount)

Limited number of vouchers available 
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)

The Extension Winter 2011 catalog is available online at 
extension.ucsd.edu. Go online, pick the class you want, then 
register at the Extension Student Services Center, Building C.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* History of Jazz: A Cultural and 
Musical Exoploration  * Introduction to 
Photography in the Digital Age * Singing 
I * Introduction to Acting * FOREIGN 
LANGUAGES *In Review: Spanish I or 
II * Japanese for Communication I * 
HUMANITIES & WRITING * Creative 

Writing I * Copyediting I * Writing for 
the Web * DIGITAL ARTS * Digital 
Media * Emerging Media for Creatives 
* Dreamweaver I * BUSINESS * Project 
Management Essentials * Introduction to 
Business *  Finance Management * Data 
Mining for Business Applications * PUBLIC 
SERVICE & SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

* Introduction to Sustainability * Urban 
Planning and Development Processes 
and Functions  * LIFE SCIENCES * Cell 
and Molecular Biology * Planning and 
Policies for Sustainable Development * 
PERL for Bioinformatics * Introduction 
to Pharmacology * INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY * Introduction to Statistics *

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.



CLASSIFIEDSMONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 201010 THE UCSD GUARDIAN

STUDENT HOUSING
Room and board, Christian home, will 
provide transportation, packed lunches 
and cleaning; pet OK. For information call 
(619) 201-9875 

Beautiful new 2 bedroom, 2 bath home 
in la jolla shores. Fully furnished. All utili-
ties included in rental price.Near shops, 
beach, ucsd and bus lines. Long or short 
term lease ok. For questions or to view 
please call 858-361-2556. Email  maryla-
jolla@gmail.com

1/2 OFF 1ST MONTH! Beautiful extra large 
lower 1br/1ba condo in fantastic com-
plex, wood laminate floors, large covered 
patio, additional storage, all appliances 
including electric stove, fridge, dishwash-
er, living room, wall to wall mirrored clos-
et doors, large pool area, parking, SPA, 
Jacuzzi, tennis Courts, Clubhouse, on-
site laundry, BBQ area, gym, near stores 
and restaurants. Water & trash paid for. 
Small pets negotiable.Please contac our 
Leasing Department at: 619-804-3325 or 
858-273-8800

4 BR/2 Bath newly remodeled kitchen, 
upgraded bathrooms, laundry facility 
attached, tile throughout, carpeted bed-
rooms, walking distance to bus line, gro-
cery store/restaurants.  Canyon & park 
close-by.  Available December 22,2010, 
please call 520-850-9692 for additional 
information or e-mail at  rbajgrowicz@
gmail.com (11/29)

JOBS
Part time assisstant for psychiatrist 
needed. Flexable four hour day Monday 
through Friday. Office is walking distance 
to campus. Duties:   reception, data entry 
cofortable with mac and pc.  Fax resume 
to 858 453 1796 or email to wachsman-
md@sbcglobal.net

Across
1 Toad feature
5 Cravings
10 W.W. Jacobs short story "The Monkey's 

__"
13 Etonic competitor
14 Hollandaise and barbecue
16 Genetic molecule: Abbr.
17 Music genre that evolved in the '50s
19 "__ complicated"
20 Evil smile
21 Pac-10 hoops powerhouse
22 Cambridge sch.
23 Letter before kappa
26 Tranquil
28 How the wheels on the bus go
32 Possess
33 Italian "a"
34 Tide creations
37 Formally relinquish
39 Time off, briefly, and this puzzle's theme
42 Winter fall
43 Hägar the Horrible's dog
45 Zippy start?
46 Well-armed org.
47 "Old" nickname for Zachary Taylor
52 Nonsense

54 The ten in "hang ten"
55 Batter's stat
56 Power co. product
58 Freeze, as a plane's wings
62 + molecule, e.g.
63 Complain hysterically
66 Work unit
67 Like the night in a classic Van Gogh work
68 All done
69 Knox and McHenry: Abbr.
70 "Do the Right Thing" actor Davis
71 Wimpy

Down
1 Serious conflicts
2 Cosmetic caller
3 Paddy grain
4 Adopt, as a puppy
5 "Top Gun" org.
6 "Groovy!"
7 Hindu religious instructor
8 Chevy Volt or Ford Fusion
9 Do business with
10 Temperamental diva, e.g.
11 Shenanigan
12 Trash
15 First-rate, in Rugby
18 Yankee with 613 career homers
24 Bull: Pref.
25 Oscar winner Paquin
27 Nephew of Cain
28 Big birds of lore
29 Wilson of "Marley & Me"
30 Subordinates
31 "Who's the Boss?" star Tony
35 Manor master
36 Oscillate
38 Sock ending
40 Car scar
41 Overhaul, as a Web site
44 Workers with an ear for music?
48 Italian ice cream
49 "Laughing" critters

Down cont.
50 Longtime Nevada senator Harry
51 Money for taxes and insurance may be 

held in it
52 Lawyer's filing
53 NASA "Stop!"

Find the Crossword solution in this 
Thursday's Classifieds Page 

57 NBA's Shaq and Yao, e.g.
59 A gutter is often under it
60 Eye part containing the iris
61 Exec's extra
64 "Taking Heat" memoirist Fleischer
65 PBS science guy Bill



SPORTSÊ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

MASSAGE MANIA • FREE
MONDAY, DEC. 6
10am - 2pm
Ballroom A • Price Center West, L2

LATE BREAK AT THE GAMEROOM
1/2 PRICE POOL & PING PONG
ALL WEEK
9pm - Midnight
Gameroom • Price Center West, L2

CUPCAKES & COCOA • FREE
WEDNESDAY, DEC. 8
6pm
Commuter Lounge • Price Center East, L1

THERAPY FLUFFIES • FREE 
TUESDAY, DEC. 7
10am - 2pm
A LiveWell UC San Diego Program

Library Walk
(Just look for Petting Palace)

BAGELS & BLUE BOOKS • FREE 
THURSDAY, DEC. 9
8am
Co-Sponsored by Commuter Student Services

PRICE CENTER WEST
OPEN ‘TIL 1:30 AM

SUN-THURS, DEC. 5-9
INCLUDING SUBWAY
 (EXCEPT SUNDAY)

universitycenters.ucsd.edu • 858.822.2068

De-Stress
Fest
DEC. 6-10

PRICE CENTER EAST
OPEN 24 HRS
SUN-THURS, DEC. 5-9

INCLUDING BURGER KING

When you know it’s going to 
take your absolute best 
performance to make the 
grade, you can give your brain 
a boost with Study Buddy™, 
an ingenious supplement now 
available at two convenience 
stores on the UCSD campus.

Study Buddy™ is brainpower 
in a package created 

specifically for university 
students.

“Study Buddy was developed 
with natural ingredients that 
help students perform better,” 
says Tyler Johansen, company 
founder. “Campus life and 
curriculum demands 
occasionally collide, but 
professors rarely are 

sympathetic about these 
‘scheduling conflicts.’ Study 
Buddy is the answer. It helps 
improve mental performance.”

According to Company 
literature, Study Buddy™ was 
designed to:

Improve Focus
Improve Memory
Improve Mental Clarity
Improve Mental Stamina 
Improve Recollection

Johansen believes students are 
faced with so many academic, 
economic and social pressures 
that staying sharp and focused 
all the time is difficult. 

“Study Buddy is a safe, 
effective supplement that helps 
improve memory, 
concentration and focus.”

Study Buddy™ is available 
next to the cash register at 
Sunshine Market and Perks 
Café. 

For more information visit 
facebook.com/StudyBuddyFanPage or 

email 
info@StudyBuddySupplements.com.

Finally, a “Study Buddy” with benefits!

as.ucsd.edu

you like free stuff, free stuff,  oh - 
and did we mention - FREE STUFF?!*
- Associated Students Pancake Breakfast

Monday, Dec 6th | PC Ballrooms A/B | 10:00 pm

facebook.com/asucsd *while supplies last

BlueBook

you like free stuff, free stuff,  oh - 

BlueBookCase
#22

By Liam Rose
Sports Editor

MEN’S BASKETBALL — The UCSD 
Men’s Basketball team won’t be able to 
rely on Jordan Lawley this year, but it 
hasn’t proven to be a problem yet. The 
guard — who led the conference in 
scoring last season — has graduated, 
but the Tritons are off to a hot start 
with a 5-1 record through their non-
conference schedule.

“When you look at Jordan 
[Lawley]’s point production, that’s a 
big thing you have to replace,” head 
coach Chris Carlson said. “But I really 
like this group. I think we’ll be a little 
more balanced than we were last year, 
and I think that’s where we need to be.”

The Tritons return two starters, 
senior guard Casey Ryan and junior 
center Christian Hatch. Justin Brue, a 
6’4” sophomore small forward is now a 
starter after playing as a sixth man last 
season. But the biggest development 
this season has been the play of fresh-
man James McCann, who — despite 
being listed at 5’10” and 165 pounds 
— has won the starting job at point 
guard and led the team with 13 points 
per game through the first six games. 

“All the new guys are fitting in 
well,” Brue said. “It’s all about working 
together.”

Ryan and Hatch have stepped up 
their production, and each is averag-
ing over 11 points a game this year. 
Hatch has combined with junior center 
Ryan Wheeler to give the Tritons a for-
midable inside presence. Sophomore 
transfer Ryan Peters has secured the 
other starting spot at guard after com-
ing to UCSD from Lehigh University 
in the offseason.  

“We’re not where we need to be, 
but we’re on that road,” Carlson said. 

“All I ask  from them is effort and to be 
coachable, and with that we can find 
success.”

Through six games this season, the 
Tritons are averaging 66 points per 
game in 44 percent shooting. But the 
CCAA is one of the nation’s tough-
est conferences, and includes last sea-
son’s national champion in Cal Poly 
Pomona.

The Tritons are coming off a tough 
2009-10 campaign, having finished 
8-17 and failed to make the postsea-
son. Their record marked Carlson’s 
first losing season as a Triton as he 
enters his fourth year at the helm. 
Lawley was consistently the best player 
on the court, averaging more than 20 
points per game and often racking up 
game-high point totals. This was the 
first time a Triton has led the CCAA in 
scoring since UCSD joined the confer-
ence in 2001. However, no other Triton 
averaged more than eight points per 
game, and the squad found it difficult 
to stay in high-scoring games. 

This year, Carlson believes his team 
has the ability to employ a variety of 
different skills. 

“The name of the game in our 
conference is having some versatility,” 
Carlson said. “I think there are times 
when we can look to push it and times 
when we need to be more in the half 
court. It depends who we’re playing 
against. This league is so wide and 
varied in style, and the team that has 
the most success is the team that has 
the ability to play in the different styles. 
That’s not easy to do.”

The Tritons open their conference 
schedule against Cal State Monterey Bay 
on Dec. 3 at 7:30 p.m. in Seaside, Calif.  

Readers can contact Liam Rose at 
lfrose@ucsd.edu.

By Liam Rose
Sports Editor

WOMEN’S BASKETBALL — 
Their star All-American is 
back, but the UCSD Women’s 
Basketball team has work to do. 
With the loss of several key play-
ers, the Tritons will need to find 
their identity to find success.

“I think there will be a pro-
cess of us growing, and figuring 
out different roles and differ-
ent responsibilities,” head coach 
Charity Elliot said. “It’s going to 
take us a little time to get situated 
and figure things out, and I’m OK 
with that.” 

Leading scorer and All-
American guard Chelsea Carlisle 
returns for her junior season, 
but the Tritons will need to 
find a way to replace all-con-
ference players Annette Ilg and 
Tiffany Hunter as well as for-
ward Erin Noonan. The three 
graduated seniors started all 30 
of the Tritons’ games last sea-
son, and the Tritons had three 
more departed players appear in 
at least 20 games last season. 

With Carlisle, however, the 
Tritons hope to fill the gaps and 
remain competitive. 

“I think when you have a kid 
like Chelsea Carlisle on your 
team, you always have a chance,” 
Elliot said. “She makes so many 
things happen. What I’m most 
proud of for her this year is her 
leadership development and her 
distribution. She can do so many 
great things, but she draws so 
much attention defensively, it’s 
nice to see her looking and find-
ing opportunities to get everyone 

involved.”
Junior center Laura 

Freidenberg joins Carlisle as 
the only other returning start-
er, although junior guard Daisy 
Feder and sophomore guard 
Emily Osga — now starters — 
earned minutes in nearly all of 
the Tritons’ games last season. 
However, the Tritons are a very 
young team, with no seniors and 
only four juniors on the roster.

“I think the biggest thing this 
team lacks is experience,” Elliot 
said. “We had so much experi-
ence last year, especially at the 
guard spot. We had players that 
had been in the league three years 
and knew what to expect.” 

As last year’s leading scorer 
and one of the few juniors on the 
squad, Carlisle’s teammates will 
no doubt look to her for leader-
ship this year, and she believes 
the drop-off from last year won’t 
be as great as expected.

“I think we have all the tools 
we need,” Carlisle said. “The 
freshmen are soaking things up, 
they’re eager to learn and that’s 
all you can ask. We’ve done things 
in practice better than we did last 
year. So far, it’s looking good.”

The Tritons are coming off a 
season that ended in disappoint-
ment despite strong performanc-
es for most of the year. UCSD 
went 25-5, won every one of its 
home games and was ranked as 
high as seventh in the national 
rankings. The Tritons’ only regu-
lar season losses came against 
Humboldt State, Chico State and 
Cal State Monterey Bay, all on the 
road. Humboldt quickly turned 
into a foil for the Tritons, as 

the Lumberjacks ousted UCSD 
from both the conference and 
NCAA tournaments. After the 
Tritons won their first 14 games 
of the season, UCSD fell 84-80 
at Humboldt for its first loss of 
the season. The Tritons avenged 
that loss with an 86-51 pound-
ing of the Lumberjacks in the 
final game of the regular season, 
but could not find a way to win 
in the conference tournament 
two weeks later. Despite the loss, 
UCSD received the No. 2 seed for 
the West Region of the NCAA 
Division II Tournament, but was 
upset in the first round by seven-
seed Humboldt State. 

The Tritons have had a rough 
start to the season, going 2-5 
through their non-conference 
schedule. The squad was ranked 
No. 11 nationally in the pre-
season, but has since dropped 
out of the polls. However, they 
recorded two straight blowout 
wins at the UCSD Thanksgiving 
Classic over the weekend, scor-
ing 90 points against Western 
New Mexico and Notre Dame de 
Namur. 

Predictably, Carlisle has been 
the leading scorer thus far, aver-
aging 18.6 points per game. Osga, 
Feder and Freidenberg have all 
averaged 11 points per game, and 
sophomore forward Erin Grady 
has shown flashes of her ability 
to play as a starter.

The Tritons open their confer-
ence schedule against Cal State 
Monterey Bay on Dec. 3 at 5:30 
p.m. in Seaside, Calif.

Readers can contact Liam Rose at 
lfrose@ucsd.edu.

Triton Men Looking to 
Return to Postseason

CarlisleÊReturns,ÊButÊTritonsÊ
MustÊBattleÊInexperience



UPCOMING | WOMEN’S SOCCER
WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

SPORTS
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2010

The UCSD Women’s Soccer team will battle for the national title this week in Louisville, Ky. 
The Tritons take on undefeated College of St. Rose on Thursday, Dec. 2 in the semifinal game, 
with the winner playing the winner of the Grand Valley St.-Florida Tech match to determine 
the NCAA Division II champion.  

CONTACTÊTHEÊEDITOR:Êsports@ucsdguardian.org

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

Casey Ryan
Guard     Sr.

James McCann
Guard     Fr.

Daisy Feder
Guard     Jr. Chelsea Carlisle

Guard     Jr.

Christian Hatch
Center     Jr.

Ryan Peters
Guard     So.

Justin Brue
Forward     So.

Lauren Freidenberg
Center     Jr.

Erin Grady
Forward     So.

Emily Osga
Guard     So.

BASKETBALL PREVIEW 2010-11

MEN’S BASKETBALL QUICK FACTS WOMEN’S BASKETBALL QUICK FACTS

COACH: Chris Carlson (4th year)
STARTERS RETURNING/LOST: 2/3
RETURNING STARTERS: Chrisitan Hatch, Casey Ryan
2009-10 RECORD: 8-17
POSTSEASON: N/A

MEN’S PREVIEW,Êpage 11  WOMEN’S PREVIEW,Êpage 11

COACH: Charity Elliott (4th year)
STARTERS RETURNING/LOST: 2/3
RETURNING STARTERS: Lauren Freidenberg, Chelsea 
Carlisle
2009-10 RECORD: 25-5
POSTSEASON: Lost to Humboldt State in �rst round of 
NCCAA tournament

PHOTOS FROM GUARDIAN FILE


	112910News
	112910Opinion
	112910FocusFINAL
	112210ClassifiedsREAL
	112910Sports

