
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE X

SPOKENSPOKEN SURFÊREPORT INSIDENIGHTÊWATCH
THURSDAY

Height:  3-5 ft.
Wind: 4-16 mph

Water Temp: 67.1 F

FRIDAY
Height:  2-5 ft.
Wind: 4-9 mph

Water Temp: 67.1 F

SATURDAY
Height:  2-6 ft.

Wind: 7-10 mph 
Water Temp: 67.1 F

SUNDAY
Height:  2-5 ft.
Wind: 2-9 mph 

Water Temp: 67.1 F

LOW

$2.93
California Super Gas, Escondido
510 W. 5th Ave. & S. Pine St.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE X

HIGH

$3.49
Shell, San Diego
3015 Del Mar Heights Rd. near I-5 

THURSDAY FRIDAY
THURSDAY

H 77 L 55
FRIDAY

H 73 L 59 THURSDAY FRIDAY

GASÊPERÊGALLONSURFÊREPORTNIGHTÊWATCHFORECASTSPOKENSPOKENWEBÊPOLL
SHOULD MEDIA 
ORGS RECEIVE MORE 
FUNDING?

√  Yes
√  No

SUNRISE

SUNSET

7:03 A.M.

6:00 P.M.SATURDAYH 64 L 56 SUNDAYH 62 L 55 SUNDAYSATURDAYWWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ComicsÊ..................................2
NewÊBusinessÊ........................3
D.C.ÊPaparazziÊ.......................4
LettersÊtoÊtheÊEditorÊ...............5
DruthersÊ.................................8
ClassifiedsÊ...........................10
SudokuÊ................................10

CARTOONS AREN’T 
JUST FOR KIDS.

PAGE 7

By Rebecca Horwitz
Staff Writer

Warren College Student Council President 
Alyssa Wing has discovered an A.S. funding 
discrepancy that suggests the governing body 
may be violating its own constitution.

Wing first found the discrepancy when 
she began to research the source of funding 
for her college council budget. She, along 
with Warren Dean of Affairs Paul DeWine, 
looked into the history of college funding and 
learned that a 1985 A.S. referendum man-
dated that the council must give each college 
council 50 cents of the activity fees paid by 
each student in the college. For example, if a 
Warren College student pays $20 in activity 
fees to A.S. Council, 50 cents of it must go 
back to Warren College Student Council.

Wing said that UCSD students voted to 
increase this amount from 50 cents to 65 cents 
in 1985. However, starting in the 2008-09 
school year, A.S. Council stopped following 
the rules of this referendum. Wing said this 
is because the council was restructured and 
started funding student orgs instead of fund-
ing on a per-college basis.

“A.S. is not funding student councils and 
the only way to revoke that referendum is 
to run another referendum that would over-
turn the past one,” Wing said. “We have two 
referendums that have passed but we are not 
necessarily following them.”

Wing plans to charge a  committee next 
week to investigate why this discrepancy hap-
pened and how to move forward. 

“A referendum is legally binding,” A.S. 

Amendment 
May Restore
College 
Council Funds

AÊCLOSERÊLOOK

SCARYÊSQUAREÊDANCE

The flyers covering every spare inch of billboard can mean only one thing: Election Day  — on 
Nov. 2 — is less than a week away. 
Solicitations to sign up for everything 
election-related abound, and students 
are mobilizing to help sway what could 
be a pivotal mid-term election.

“This election is incredibly impor-
tant,” College Democrats volunteer 
Bryce Farrington said. “This election 
will determine how California deals 
with the state’s massive financial and 
constitutional crisis — there is even an 
effort to rewrite the constitution.”

According to the Union Tribune, 
San Diego could play a pivotal role 
because candidates are interested in 
courting the large Latino population 
in the region. Politically engaged citi-

zens from groups such as the San 
Diego County Democratic Party and 
the Republican Party of San Diego 
County are currently trying to boost 
their candidates’ chances at the polls 
by running phone bank campaigns and 
pushing various “Get Out the Vote” 
efforts in target districts. 

The Congress elected next week will 
govern the country though hot-button 
issues such as higher education, immi-
gration, energy and gay rights. 

“This election is more about poli-
cies than a person,” political science 
professor Thad Kousser said. “Students 
were galvanized in 2008 with Barack 
Obama on the ballot, this time some 
may be too turned off by the complexi-
ties of California politics to show up at 
the polls in record numbers.” 

Incumbent U.S. Senator Barbara 
Boxer, based in the progressive San 
Francisco Bay Area, is one member of 
a highly publicized race against con-
servative Republican opponent, and 
former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly 
Fiorina. According to the  New York 
Times forecasts, Boxer is leading by 
more than 6 percent.

On campus, Boxer has support from 
groups such as Pro-Choice Students for 
Boxer, who in the past week have dorm 
stormed with hangers and screened 
pro-choice films to raise awareness of 
the importance of the upcoming race. 

The gubernatorial race between for-
mer governor Jerry Brown and former 
eBay CEO Meg Whitman is “about two 

Media Funding Regains Spotlight
By Angela Chen
News Editor

Old animosities flared up at last night’s A.S. meeting, as 
student publication reps expressed anger over budget cuts 
and an initiative to defund the Koala.

Members of the California Review accused former 
Campuswide Senatorial candidate Cody Marshall of trying 
to hurt media orgs after finding an e-mail he sent to the 
Student Affirmative Action Committee listserv. The e-mail 
presents a plan to defund the Koala by creating dummy 
orgs meant to force council to alter its funding guidelines. 
Marshall, along with former A.S. President Utsav Gupta and 
former Campuswide Senator Josh Grossman, have already 
registered at least 89 such organizations.

“Some of us have developed a plan to force A.S.’s hand in 
being more critical of the way that media organizations are 
funded on campus,” the e-mail reads. “This could potential-
ly provide an avenue through which we can get the Koala 

defunded. [...] We are gonna make them take 
a second look at the way they fund media by 
creating over 100 random media organiza-
tions that will all receive funding! Once they 
realize that their system is broken, they will 
have to pick and choose orgs to fund, with the 
controversial Koala surely being among one 

of the top newspapers to be contested.”
Marshall said that it was only implied that his plan was 

COUNTDOWN TO NOV. 2

As election day draws closer, politicians and propositions on both sides of the 
party line are reaching out for the collegiate vote. By Chris McCoy

See MEDIA,Êpage 6

See DISCREPANCY,Êpage 3

See ELECTIONS,Êpage 3

$38,000
Final media org 
budget passed Oct. 20

$25,784
Amount allocated to 
media orgs for Fall 
Quarter

$60,000
Original media org 
funding budget

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN
Students got down with the two step and line danced in 
their Halloween costumes at the Loft on Tuesday, Oct. 26.

ILLUSTRATION BY STEFANY CHEN/GUARDIAN

OPINION
The irony 
of this is 
just killer. 
PAGE 4



2 THE UCSD GUARDIANÊ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010Ê NEWS

TheÊ UCSDÊ GuardianÊ isÊ publishedÊ MondaysÊ andÊ
ThursdaysÊduringÊ theÊacademicÊyearÊbyÊUCSDÊstudentsÊ
andÊ forÊ theÊ UCSDÊ community.Ê ReproductionÊ ofÊ thisÊ
newspaperÊ inÊ anyÊ form,Ê whetherÊ inÊ wholeÊ orÊ inÊ part,Ê
withoutÊ permissionÊ isÊ strictlyÊ prohibited.Ê ©Ê 2010,Ê allÊ
rightsÊ reserved.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ notÊ responsibleÊ
forÊtheÊreturnÊofÊunsolicitedÊmanuscriptsÊorÊart.ÊTheÊviewsÊ
expressedÊhereinÊdoÊnotÊnecessarilyÊrepresentÊtheÊopin-
ionsÊofÊ theÊUCSDÊGuardian,Ê theÊUniversityÊofÊCaliforniaÊ
orÊ AssociatedÊStudents.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ fundedÊ
solelyÊbyÊadvertising.ÊIÊmustÊbeÊaÊninja.

GeneralÊ Editorial:Ê 858-534-6580Ê
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News:Ê858-534-5226,Ênews@ucsdguardian.org
Focus:Ê858-534-5226,Êfocus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus:Ê858-534-6583,Êhiatus@ucsdguardian.orgÊ

Opinion:Ê858-534-6582,Êopinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports:Ê858-534-6582,Êsports@ucsdguardian.org
Photo:Ê858-534-6582,Êphoto@ucsdguardian.org           
Design:Ê858-534-6582,Êdesign@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising:Ê858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax:Ê858-534-7691

Page Layout
HayleyÊBisceglia-Martin,ÊAngelaÊChen,ÊMelodyÊChern,ÊÊ
ReginaÊIp,ÊPraneetÊKolluru,ÊShaziaÊManji,ÊVivianÊZhangÊ

ArielleÊSallai

MonicaÊBachmeier

MatthewÊStewart

General Manager

Network Administrator           

AngelaÊChen

HayleyÊBisceglia-Martin

AngelaÊChen

ReginaÊIp

CherylÊHori

MargaretÊYau

LiamÊRose

NedaÊSalamat

Zo‘ÊSophos

ArielleÊSallai

NedaÊSalamat

NaomiÊSweo

JohnÊHanacek

AndrewÊOh

MelodyÊChern

BinhÊNgo

KimÊCyprian

RebekahÊHwang

MatthewÊStewart

MariaÊSokolov

Editor in Chief

Managing Editor

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Associate Focus Editors

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editors

Copy Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Web Editor

Administrative Manager

Business Assistant
TiffanyÊHanÊ

Advertising Design and Layout 
AlfredoÊH.ÊVilanoÊJr.
A.S.ÊGraphicÊStudioÊ

Distributors
RobertÊEspionza,ÊScottÊHavrisik,ÊAuroraÊLe

Copy Readers
AmyÊGuzdar,ÊMonicaÊHaider,ÊMelissaÊStanley,Ê

NaomiÊSweo

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

The Master of Arts in Public Affairs
The graduate program in Public Affairs and Practical Politics (MoPA) 
at the University of San Francisco is designed for people who seek to 
be political professionals, with careers in campaign management; 
community organizing and nonprofit advocacy; government work; 
lobbying; election management; political writing and communications; 
and media strategy. The Program provides students with the 
knowledge and skills needed for effective political action by 
merging hands-on experiences with rigorous graduate seminars.

 

All Arts and Sciences Master’s Programs:
Asia Pacific Studies + Biology + Chemistry + Computer Science
Economics + Environmental Management + Financial Analysis
International and Development Economics + International Studies
Investor Relations + Public Affairs + Risk Management
Sport Management + Web Science + Writing (MFA)

Details?
Call 415.422.5101 or email asgraduate@usfca.edu

Application/Information Packet?
www.usfca.edu/grad/requestinfo

Visit these programs at: www.usfca.edu/asgrad

Educating Minds and Hearts to Change The World

PURSUE YOUR
  Master’s Degree

SCIENCEÊANDÊTECHNOLOGY

ScientistsÊUseÊFliesÊtoÊDiscoverÊHowÊAnthraxÊToxinsÊKillÊ
By Rebecca Horwitz
Staff Writer

Biology professors Ethan Bier 
and Annabel Guichard have inject-
ed fruit flies with anthrax to dis-
cover how the bacteria’s toxins flow 
through the bloodstream to become 
deadly. 

According to Guichard, there 
are two active toxins in anthrax: the 
lethal factor (LF) and the edema 
factor (EF). These toxins cause 
blood vessels to become very leaky. 

“The toxins both inhibit the cel-
lular machine, called the exocyst, 
which acts like a postal truck to 
deliver materials such as adhesion 
molecules, as well as signaling mol-
ecules to points of cell-cell contact,” 
Bier said. “The two toxins work on 
different parts of that delivery truck 
but together they greatly reduce its 
ability to deliver the ‘goods.’” 

As a result, the heart tries to 
pump harder and harder to pump 
fluid through the leaky blood ves-
sels, but eventually the blood pres-
sure drops to zero, causing death by 

toxic shock.
While the effects of these toxins 

were well known, researchers want-
ed to learn how the toxins worked 
together to create this result, and 
find out how to fight infections due 
to anthrax bacteria.

Guichard and Bier applied both 
toxins to fruit fly embryos and lar-
vae. To isolate the two toxins, they 
got DNA from the anthrax bacteria 
that code for the two toxins, and 
inserted these genes into the fly 
genome.  They generated strains of 
flies that could make either EF or 
LF and then crossed them together 
to obtain flies that could make both 
toxins at the same time.

They observed that the LF toxin 
disrupts the wound-healing pro-
cess. It inactivates the molecular 
system by interfering in the forma-
tion of the outer covering, resulting 
in holes in the chest cavities that 
eventually led to death. The EF 
toxin had a similar effect, block-
ing the cellular activity that creates 
wings. 

The EF toxin prevents a signal 

that activates the notch pathway (a 
signaling system required to form 
the edge of the wing) from reaching 
the cell surface. 

Bier compared the effects of 
these toxins on fruit fly wings to 
a mail delivery system. The toxins 
are inhibitors that prevent the mail 
truck (proteins, or the molecular 
system) from delivering to two dif-
ferent places in the cell. If both 
places do not receive their “letters,” 
they will not function properly. EF 
and LF both have to be present 
to create the leaky blood vessel 
effect. However, according to Bier, 
EF “seems to be far more important 
than LF for this effect.” 

Dr. Victor Nizet at the UCSD 
School of Medicine also found that 
what happens to the flies infected 
by anthrax also happens to the cells 
lining blood vessels. Scientists there 
“identified the cell types and condi-
tions for showing that anthrax tox-
ins also blocked the function of the 
exocyst delivery system in human 
cells and mice,” Bier said. 

Blood vessels become more 

leaky if their lining cells are torn 
apart by the LF and EF toxins. This 
shows that anthrax toxins attack 
two components in the molecules 
that join cells together, which in 
turn can cause the blood vessels to 
fall apart and lead to anthrax’s fatal 
consequences.

This study was published in 
the Oct. 14 edition of the journal 
Nature. 

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz 
at rahorwitz@ucsd.edu.

JASMINE WU/GUARDIAN

AS PER USUAL By Dami Lee



NEWSÊ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

When the library closes, hop on over to Price Center East for 
24 hour study lounges • Computer labs • Group study rooms and late night eats.

Sunday – Thursday 
Open 24 hours

Friday 
Closed at 2:30am

Saturday 
8am - 2:30am

Price Center East

OPEN 24 HOURS!
Sunday – Thursday

universitycenters.ucsd.edu

 
Open until midnight

Time wellspent

Aaron Brothers Art and Framing  . . . . 457-5908
Allstate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 554-1130
AVEDA Young Attitudes Salon & Spa  . 457-3334
Bank of America  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 552-4055
BJ's Pizza & Grill  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 455-0662
Blockbuster Video  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 597-9260
Chase Bank  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 554-0091
Citibank . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 452-5661
Costa La Jolla Nails  . . . . . . . . . . . . . 453-9999
CVS/pharmacy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 457-4390
Doncaster Studio  . . . . . . . www.Doncaster.com
EconTutor  . . . . . . . . . . . www.theecontutor.com
Elijah’s Delicatessen  . . . . . . . . . . . . 455-1461
Empire Beauty Supply  . . . . . . . . . . . 625-9191
FedEx Office  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 457-3775
Flame Broiler, The  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 587-8989
Gary Kent Team - RE/MAX  . . . . . . . 457-4687
Great Earth Vitamins  . . . . . . . . . . . . 452-9775
Huntington Center  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 452-1199
iNational Closing & Escrow . . . . . . . . 587-4814 
Landmark Theatres  . . . . . . . . . . . . . 453-7622

Peet’s Coffee & Tea  . . . . . . . . . . . . . 678-0806
Pet People . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 457-2036
RadioShack  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 457-4095
Robert Levine Dentistry  . . . . . . . . . . 455-7200
Rubio’s Fresh Mexican Grill  . . . . . . . 546-9377
Scottrade  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 784-1924
Sport Clips Haircuts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . 657-0255
Sprinkles Cupcakes  . . . . . . . . . . . Coming Soon
Sunny Fresh Cleaners . . . . . . . . . . . . 455-0071
Swiss Watch Gallery  . . . . . . . . . . . . 622-9000
T.G.I. Friday’s . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 455-0880
U.S. Postal Service  . . . . . . . . 1-800-535-0268
Verizon Wireless  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 526-0847
Wells Fargo ATM
Whole Foods Market  . . . . . . . . . . . . 642-6700
All numbers are in the 858 area code unless noted otherwise.

Located at the corner of
Villa La Jolla Drive and Nobel Drive,
just minutes from the UCSD campus

Sprinkles Cupcakes Coming Soon

A.S. Council’s Week Five meeting began with a fiery public input period, but 
miraculously ended after a mere 
two hours. 

Representatives from various 
campus media organizations, such as 
California Review 
Editor in Chief 
Alec Weisman 
and MQ Editor 
in Chief Patrick 
Reischl, criti-
cized council for 
cutting media org 
funding from the originally allotted 
$60,000 per year to $38,000. 

“When you cut media funding, it’s 
not like cutting event funding where 
if you have 50 percent less funds, it’s 
just 50 percent less balloons,” Reischl 
said. “Printers have fixed costs and 
if the costs are too much, it’s not a 
matter of scaling back our printing, 
we can’t print at all.”

He defended the media orgs as 
an integral part of campus life. 

“For a school that doesn’t have a 
journalism department, these orgs 
are providing more than just enter-
tainment or commentary or news,” 
he said. “We educate, we teach peo-
ple how to write, how to be creative, 
how to design, how to copy edit, 
how to network computers and deal 
with the administration.”

After public input, Mar Velez and 
representatives from S.P.A.C.E.S. 
gave a special presentation on the 
outreach, retention work and oppor-
tunities — such as the Academic 
Success Program, overnight trips 
and internships — that the organi-
zation offers. 

Interim AVP of Academic Affairs 
Desiree Prevo gave a special presen-
tation about her office and current 
projects. She proposed creating a 
grade distribution website to track 

the average grade distribution of 
professors over the years.

“With the site, students can 
go online and check if the grade 
distribution has changed over the 
years,” Prevo said. “It’s a way of 
keeping administrators and profes-

sors accountable 
to the grades they 
give.”

She is also 
planning Dine 
With the Prof 
and U.S. Grant 
revamps. For 

U.S. Grants, she hopes to create 
an end-of-year research journal for 
interested participants, as well as a 
symposium. 

The council then passed an allo-
cation of $32,153 to from mandate 
reserves for Triton Television. 

AVP of Student Orgs Carli 
Thomas announced that she was 
continuing work on new student 
media guidelines, which will be 
finalized Friday. 

Campuswide Senator Michael 
Raimondi thanked the council for its 
hard work the past week, and  gave 
an update on the first meeting of his 
committee to look into on-campus 
Greek housing. He said that, while 
the committee was still in early plan-
ning stages, “[the idea] is a lot more 
real now than it was four hours ago.”

Interim AVP of Student 
Advocacy Arohi Sharma encour-
aged councilmembers to help her 
publicize her office. 

Council then confirmed Leonard 
Bobbitt as the new AVP of College 
Affairs, and the meeting ended with 
A.S. President Wafa Ben Hassine 
encouraging members to attend a 
Graduate Student Associate meet-
ings, which run differently from AS. 
Council meetings and are appar-
ently much shorter. 

MediaÊOrgsÊAskÊforÊFunding,Ê
TTVÊReceivesÊ$32,153Ê

StudentsÊMobilizeÊforÊCannabisÊLegalization,ÊEnergy

New
ANGELA CHEN
shchen@ucsd.edu

Business

competing philosophies,” Farrington said. 
Whitman, a proponent of small government, iden-

tified herself as a fiscal conservative and said that she 
would not raise taxes. Union-friendly Brown said that 
he would attempt to circumvent the two-thirds legisla-
tive majority required to raise taxes — a number that 
often acts as a barrier to tax measures — by instead 
giving that option to the voters.

According to the most recent New York Times 
FiveThirtyEight forecast, polls currently show that 
Brown has a projected 10 percent advantage over his 
competitor.

In addition to state and Congressional political 
seats, a slew of initiatives are up on the ballot, includ-
ing the controversial Proposition 19, which will legal-
ize marijuana, and Proposition 23, the “Dirty-energy 
Bill” (officially titled the California Jobs Initiative). 

“Prop 19, which will legalize marijuana in the state, 
is historical—there has never been an initiative before 
like this in the entire world,” Students for Sensible 
Drug Policy member Angie Shen said. “It is the only 
one to let people grow their own marijuana.”

Similar to alcohol laws, Prop 19 will not allow 
people under 21 access to the substance In addition, 
users will not be permitted to partake in public places 
or in front of children. 

Though Attorney General Brown is against Prop. 
19, Shen proposed that “legalization is the first step 
to ending cartel violence,” referring to the drug wars 
in Mexico. 

Her group is also partnering with Young Americans 
for Liberty and the No on Prop 23 campaign, as well 
as the Student Sustainability Collective at UCSD to get 
students to the polls and increase campaign visibility. 

Prop. 23 aims to curb unemployment by suspending 
measures of the Global Warming Safety Act of 2006. 
Supporters say that loosening environmental laws will 
save money for companies, and thus consumers. 

“Prop 23 is the dirty-energy proposition, that will 
work to overturn a green bill passed four years ago 
and which created over 500,000 jobs in California,” 
CALPIRG Campus Organizer Adam Gosney said. 

Gosney, who has worked to pass on No on Prop 23 
pledge cards, said that students, though weighed down 
with midterms are “generally concerned.”

“They want to get involved after the fee hikes, they 
want to make sure the politicians are listening,” Gosney 
said. 

CALPIRG is working across 40 campuses to build 
student activists and make sure people know about the 
issues, using tactics such as including class presenta-
tions, tabling, mass e-mails and Facebook. 

The No. on 23 campaign has a goal of collecting 
7,000 pledges, most of them made through face-to-face 
interaction and tabling on Library Walk.

Vice President of External Affairs Michael Lam 
said  that A.S. Council has been planning for the elec-
tions since summer. With a total budget of $1,000, the 
office put on a voter registration drive during Welcome 
Week. 

Lam said the election season publicity run will bal-
loon on Monday and Tuesday with a “Shock the Vote” 
campaign featuring giveaways, banners, flyers, and 
RA’s hosting info sessions around campus. 

“We feel we’re going to have a big turnout,” Lam said. 
Members of the College Republicans at UCSD could 

not be reached for comment.

Readers can contact Chris McCoy at scmccoy@ucsd.edu.

President Wafa Ben Hassine said. “So unless the com-
mittee finds another referendumt that overturns the 
first one, we must abide by the rules and fund student 
councils.” 

Wing said that, contingent on the committee’s dis-
coveries, the current executive budget may need to be 
amended. 

 “If we do find that this referendum is valid and still 
exists, we have to reevaluate our budget,” she said.  “Not 
looking for an immediate [solution] but I do want future 
A.S. councils to realize there is some ties to college 

councils and that we may be violating our own rules.”
She stressed that this cause is important for the coun-

cil’s integrity.
“I feel as though accountability and invisibility and 

transparency are a lot of big words thrown out there, but 
how can A.S. be an accountable organization if we’re not 
even following our constitution, of the things that have 
been passed in the years before us,” she said. 

Additional reporting by Angela Chen.

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz at rahorwit@ucsd.
edu.

CommitteeÊCouldÊCauseÊA.S.ÊBudgetÊReevaluation
▶ DISCREPANCY, from page 1

▶ ELECTIONS, from page 1



to defund the Koala and that he meant to spark 
a conversation about media funding.

“I think it’s more of just a way to have a dis-
cussion about the funding model, and [if] we 
want to fund all media organizations, regardless 
of any particular criteria... like, what constitutes 
a legitimate media org for funding,” he said. 
“Plus, as a UCSD student, I have the right to 
access funding to orgs.”

SAAC Vice Chair Josue Castellan stressed 
that — although the e-mail was sent to the SAAC 
listserv —  the plan was not supported by its 
members. 

“SAAC had nothing to do with this,” he said. 
“I know a lot of media orgs are here today, and I 
just want to make it clear that we are not trying to 
take away your funding, we’re not talking about 
that at all, we have other issues to work on.”

The e-mail continued by asking members of 
SAAC to join, since each org needs a minimum 
of four members. It added that “you don’t have 
to produce actual media; just sign up with your 
PID. It takes about 20 seconds for each org.”

A.S. President Wafa Ben Hassine said, since 
it is the Center for Student Involvement and not 
A.S. Council that approves student orgs, the 89 
organizations cannot be unapproved. However, 
no funding has been allocated for next quarter 
yet, since funding requests are usually not regis-
tered until Week Seven. 

“We decide how to fund, not who to fund,” 
Vice President of Finance and Resources Andrew 
Ang said. “We determine all the different ways of 
saying yes, but we have no way of saying no.”

Associate Vice President of Student Orgs 
Carli Thomas said that she has been working 
on a new set of media guidelines which will not 
allow false orgs to be funded.

“These 89 or so papers are certainly welcome 
to be student orgs, but they are not guaranteed 
funding under the new guidelines,” she said. 

The guidelines will be finalized Oct. 29. 

Also at the Oct. 26 meeting, California 
Review member Chris Eager called for sanc-
tions against Marshall, Gupta and Grossman. 
He claimed that their actions fall under A.S. 
jurisdiction regarding academic dishonesty, and 
requested a trial for the three members in front 
of the A.S. Judicial Board “for violating UCSD 
policies which student orgs are bound by.”

Another source of contention was the  media 
allocations in the new executive budget. 

Though Ang initially proposed a media budget 
of $60,000 — and allocated accordingly —  the 
revised budget passed last week adjusted the num-
ber to be $38,000. Since $25,784 has already 
been allocated to the media orgs for Fall Quarter, 
this leaves $12,000 left for the orgs to use in the 
remaining two quarters. 

According to Thomas, this means that the 
media orgs will need to scale back their pub-
lishing. Thomas said her new media guidelines 
will include funding caps, though she is unsure 
of specifics regarding how the change in fund-
ing will affect the orgs, or whether it will be an 
across-the-board cut.

Weisman said he was concerned at A.S. 
Council’s priorities in allocating money. 

“They didn’t need to take the funds the way 
they did,” Weisman said. “They messed up on 
the budget and taking it away from student 
media and student orgs is not where the money 
should be going.”

Despite protests from Weisman and repre-
sentatives from other media orgs —  including 
the MQ and Mania Magazine — Ang said that 
more money will not be allocated. 

“We are working with the budget we have,” 
Ang said. “We need to adhere to fiscal respon-
sibility and not add to or change the budget 
arbitrarily.”

Additional reporting by Regina Ip. 

Readers can contact Angela Chen at shchen@
ucsd.edu.

6 THE UCSD GUARDIANÊ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010Ê NEWS

Link up for more information and local resources

Up2SD.org
!"#$%$&'(&)*%&+%#),-&.%,-)*&/%0123%4&53)

!"#$%&'!"#$%&'(

()*$!#&')*)+

+,-&',-).'/0123$1&''''''''''''

#.*/&'(45'6'75 -)$$0&'45 1$.%*"!&'( (")".&'89:%;%2

2"-'3&'(49)*)+9(4<=

+,-'04#$&'!:#'>4(4

READ UP
to recognize the signs.

STEP UP
and offer support to a friend.

For college students facing mental health challenges, 
just one friend reaching out 
can make a difference.
1 in 4 adults experience mental health challenges such 
as depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and others. 
Many don’t recognize the symptoms or think to seek 
help. Recovery is possible, and getting help is an 
important fi rst step to a healthy and active future.

UC San Diego   Student Health Service 
(858) 534-3300   http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu

UC San Diego   Student Health Service 

Protect
against

3
strains

Get
1

shot

FREE Flu shots
for students with SHIP,  
all other students $15 

Walk in to Student Health,  
2nd floor Conf Room #226 

Check web for more clinic dates 

* billed to student accounts 

The CDC recommends that everyone should get a flu shot.
This year flu vaccine will protect against three flu viruses:

H3N2, Influenza B, and H1N1.

Come to the clinic on
Oct 28th 5-8pm 

to get your flu shot
AND Halloween candy! 

▶ MEDIA, from page 1

MediaÊOrgsÊProtestÊReducedÊFundingÊBudget

READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD
READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD 
READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD 
READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSD READ UCSDEVERY MONDAY AND THURSDAY
READ UCSD



OPINION
CONTACT THE EDITOR: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

18%  

Props to the San Francisco Giants for making to the World Series 
by winning four out of seven games against the Phillies.

Flops to the Washington Officials’ Association for trying to 
penalize high school referees for using pink whistles  meant to 

raise breast cancer awareness.

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/OPINIONTHURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010

After last year’s media debacle — which included a funding freeze on the part of then-A.S. 
President Utsav Gupta and outrage 
on the part of student publications — 
ended in nothing but a self-funded 
issue on the part of the  Koala, you’d 
think the message is loud and clear: 
If council could have legally defunded 
the Koala, they probably would have.
     But, in a haphazard scheme to try, 
try again, Sixth College junior Cody 
Marshall  has proposed a foolproof 
scheme. Through an e-mail sent to 
the Students Affirmative Action 
Committee, Marshall outlined a simple 
plan for ridding our campus of anal 
pleasure guides once and for all. Too 
bad it was more likely to rid our cam-
pus of alternative voices.

It goes like this: Having exhausted 
all other options — discarded last year 
mostly for their blatant violations of 
the First Amendment — Marshall now 
advocates an overload of A.S. media 
funding reserves until the flustered 
VP Finance and Resources (that’s you, 
Andrew Ang) has no choice but to pick 
and choose which student publications 
get the money, and which get left out 
in the cold. 

Currently, the council — which 
allocated a total of $25,784.93 between 
11 media organizations for Fall Quarter 
— chooses how much to give depend-
ing on the publications’ operating 
costs. As Ang himself said, they have 
a plethora of ways to say yes, and no 
way to say no. 

Playing upon this protocol with the 
disturbing battle cry of “we are going 
to break their backs!”, the e-mail asked 
fellow Koala objectors to join together 
and create more than 100 media orga-
nizations. These organizations only 

require four members for approval, 
leading to a plea for members to sign 
up for these dummy orgs. Rest assured, 
the e-mail read, people do not have to 
produce actual media for which they 
would supposedly be funded — they 
need only a PID to do their part in 
destroying UCSD’s most controversial 
publication. 

So far, at least 89 media organiza-
tions — including ones named The 
Independent, The Examiner, The Free 
Press, The Gazette, The Guide and 
The Islander — have been formed, 
and all are comprised of the same sad 
members: Marshall, Gupta and for-
mer Warren College Senator and Vice 
President of Finance candidate Josh 
Grossman.  

Ironically enough, many of these 
publications declare in their mission 
statements that they are “a media orga-
nization that seeks to publish regularly 
each quarter and enjoy our freedom 
of expression.” The fact that they were 
created purely to limit others’ freedom 
of expression seems to be lost on their 
founders.  

Let’s set aside the obvious problems 
of fraud and misuse of funds that this 
plan entails and address the idea itself. 

This is a plan of Pinky-and-the-
Brain proportions, and one that is 
guaranteed to fail simply because that 
A.S. Council is not that dumb. They, 
too, were here last year when the words 
“viewpoint neutrality” were thrown 
around and the ACLU was getting 
ready to knock on the doors of that 
fourth floor meeting room.

Thankfully, this proposal won’t 
actally leech money away from the 
Mania Magazine’s next installment 

Campaign 
Ads Are 
Crueler 
Than Fiction
It’s that time of year again. It’s elec-tion season — otherwise known as comedy hour for poli-sci majors. 
For those of you who get your TV 
fix via Hulu, and don’t have to suffer 
through the pain of Snuggie and Slap-
Chop infomercials during your late 
night study breaks: You’re missing out.

I discovered this entertainment 
medium two years ago during the 
2008 presidential primaries. I was 
sitting on the couch, cradling a 
monstrous SAT book and secretly 
wishing I owned a Snuggie. Then 
Mike Huckabee’s voice broke through 
the late-night lull and, in my sleep-
deprived grogginess I heard: “My 
solution for securing the border: 
Chuck Norris.” Unsure if the long 
train of SAT words had permanently 
fried my brain, I sat up and listened 
carefully, only to hear Huckabee con-
tinue, “There’s no chin behind Chuck 
Norris’s beard — only another fist.”

This year, it’s a new guard and 
instead of nights with Chuck, this 
election season has been more of a 
late night horror show. Campaigns ad 
seem less humorous and more vicious. 
Carly Fiorina’s devil sheep ad made 
me drop my box of Cheez-Its as green 
pastures transformed into red-eyed 
sheep and flashes of Steve Poizner. 
Imagine sitting on the couch, alone, 
watching a dimly glowing television 
set in the dark and seeing a man 
dressed in a devil sheep outfit turn his 
glowing red eyes on you from behind 
a bush. Don’t lie — you’d be scared too. 

As the year progressed, the ads 
have only gotten worse. Floridian 
Congressional candidate Dan Fanelli 
stereotyped Arabs as terrorists and 
deemed them flight risks. But that’s 
expected. In Colorado, anti-abortion 
proposition labeled Obama the angel 
of death, merging Obama’s face with 
the Grim Reaper’s and claiming that 
bank bailouts are used to internation-
ally fund abortions. 

These ads have abandoned any 
pretense of informing voters and 
instead are maliciously smearing 
opponents and minorities with unsub-
stantiated lies. Although most of us 
can see through the fallacy of devil 
sheep, the candidates are counting 
on the voters that can’t. It’s not a far 
stretch to assume that political ads do 
subconsciously affect voters. 

Researchers from psychology 
departments across the country found 
that these campaigns created an 
implicit bias among voters without 
them realizing it. Catchphrases com-
monly associated with certain candi-
dates — especially the negative ones 
— stick, and despite us knowing better, 
the words are already embedded in 
our brains and could affect our deci-
sion in the voting booth. These ads are 
the ones that encourage extremism, 
civil unrest and violence, legitimizing 
and encouraging radicals. David Corn, 
columnist for Politics Daily, claims 
the Tea Party makes radical moves 
and holds fervent marches because 
“extreme rhetoric can lead to extreme 
action.” 

So this election season, I propose 
that all political campaigns should be 
funny. Bring back Chuck Norris, bring 
back Tina Fey and bring back Will 
Farrell. I do not wish to develop ovino-
phobia — the permanent fear of sheep. 

D.C. 
Paparazzi

ANQI CHEN
anc028@ucsd.edu

AngelaÊChen
EDITOR IN CHIEF

HayleyÊBisceglia-Martin
MANAGING EDITOR

ReginaÊIp
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

CherylÊHori
OPINION EDITOR

EDITORIALÊBOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at 
the University of California at San Diego. Contents 

© 2010. Views expressed herein represent the 
majority vote of the editorial board and are not 

necessarily those of the UC Board of Regents, the 
ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

These Decoys Won’t Slip 
Under the Radar

See MEDIA, page 5

ILLUSTRATION BY REBEKAH HWANG/GUARDIAN

There’s no need to dig up our media funding skeletons, those blank slate 
publications aren’t fooling anyone.

WEB
POLL

ARE YOU 
HAPPY WITH 

THE SUN GOD 
FESTIVAL 
BUDGET?

Out of 43 votes

No.
53%

Yes.
47%



of poetry. Associate Vice President 
of Student Orgs Carli Thomas has 
already been reworking the once-
vague media guidelines, putting in 
caps to avoid overallocation and 
making sure that the A.S. piggy bank 
won’t be blindly throwing money at 
89 outstretched hands. 

But had Marshall’s brainchild 
gone according to plan, it wouldn’t 
have forced council to “pick and 
choose” who gets funding in a game 
of A.S. favorites that somehow skirts 
the First Amendment. At worst, the 
89 orgs might have ended receiving 
the money, dealing a huge blow to 
future student publications who actu-
ally have something to say. The Koala 

isn’t worth that.
Instead of having the luxury of 

publishing three times a quarter, 
those who want to publish a creative 
magazine or a libertarian newsletter 
may have been forced to make do 
with what meager funds were left. 
Under this plan, it would be harder 
for diverse viewpoints to make their 
voices heard in the future. 

This is using free speech to stifle 
others’ free speech; even at their most 
dastardly, the Koala never did any-
thing that depraved.

No matter how big of a contro-
versial attention whore the Koala is, 
and despite the way its members 
use it to justify their presumptuous 
debauchery, they still have freedom 

of expression. It’s understood that 
until the day the Koala  no longer 
attracts that small, twisted part of the 
student body to its staff, it will remain 
a part of UCSD. So will the the First 
Amendment.

Having just taken a 8 percent bud-
get cut (more or less) across the board 
— some of which was distributed 
across media funding — A.S. Council 
is in no mood to be throwing money 
around. 

The issue isn’t going to come up 
again until Week Seven. When it 
does, you can bet that the Koala will 
emerge unscathed. Had Marshall’s 
plan worked, however, future genera-
tions of opinionated students might 
not have fared so well.

OPINIONÊ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

Dear Editor,
I would like to take this time to 

address my fellow Tritons: Considering 
that Election Day is a mere five days 
away, us students now stand at a critical 
juncture at this point in time. That we, 
and our beloved state, are now in the 
midst of an increasingly trenchant cri-
sis is well understood — record unem-
ployment, increasing student fees and 
hamstrung legislative inefficacy now all 
compete to become the defining hall-
marks of the Golden State. However, 
California since time immemorial has 
always borne the hallmarks of innova-
tion and leadership through its citizens.

As scholar-citizens of our beloved 
state, us students are the dreamers and 
doers who each have the power — 
and most importantly the ability to act 
upon that very power — to determine 
our collective future and the future of 
higher education at the polling stations 
come Nov. 2. However, given the loom-
ing certainty of the increasingly exclu-
sive and unaffordable state of higher 
education that threatens to deny more 
students the right to quality educa-
tion, one can only wonder whether the 
power we collectively wield is effec-
tive or not. Fortunately, the power we 
wield will be magnified through the 
office of the Lieutenant Governor, the 
ultimate champion of affordable higher 
education and students throughout 
California.

Of the two candidates running 
for Lieutenant Governor in this elec-
tion cycle, only one of them has an 

unwavering commitment to ensuring 
increased accessibility and affordabil-
ity for college students. His indomi-
table spirit and unceasing support for 
us students will ensure that our col-
lective voice will resonate loudly and 
clearly through the halls of power in 
Sacramento and UC Regents board 
meetings throughout the state. Who is 
this, you ask? I’m talking about Mayor 
Gavin Newsom — the bold, coura-
geous leader of the city and county of 
San Francisco. Mayor Newsom is not 
only a staunch defender of civil rights 
and students everywhere, but is also a 
proven leader who has been at the fore-
front of making San Francisco one of 
the most environmentally sustainable 
cities in the nation. 

As the next Lieutenant Governor, 
I’m confident that his vision for a 
more environmentally and socially just 
California will come to fruition. Mayor 
Gavin Newsom will not only ensure 
that our best days are ahead of us, but 
he will also ensure a better, more just 
and perfect California.

—Wafa Ben Hassine
A.S. President

DRAWING FIRE By Johan De La Torre LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Newsom is the Ideal 
Candidate for Lt. Gov.

▶ MEDIA fromÊpageÊ4

This Plan is Nothing but a Gag Order
▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be no longer than 500 words, 
typed, double-spaced and signed with a name and 
applicable title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit for length and 
clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of the Student Center or 
e-mailed. Send all letters to:

The UCSD Guardian
Opinion Editor

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

OPINION
WRITE WHERE IT MATTERS. APPLICATIONS AT UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG. 



THEÊBESTÊSONGS
INÊHIATUSÊTHISÊWEEK

boss ditties
CONTACT THE EDITOR: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010  THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/HIATUS

Hungry? The Loft has the perfect 
remedy to your dining hall blues  — a 
three-course dinner with a drink, a 
movie and live music by Robert Wil-
liams, all for $30. Too cheap to shell 
out? The flim is $8 sans dinner. 

HiATUS TaylorÊSwiftÊÒDearÊJohnÓSmallÊBlackÊÒCamouflageÓSmallÊBlackÊÒHydraÓWarpaintÊÒUndertowÓ
WarpaintÊÒSetÊYourÊArmsÊDownÓ

TONIGHT

Forget “Saw”;
Fear the Beard

It’s Halloween weekend, and what bas-
tion of cinematic genius do we have the 
golden opportunity to see? 

“Saw 3D.” 
Okay, while the thought of watching 

torture scenes in multiple dimensions may 
be appealing to some, I think I’d rather 
watch some old-school action flicks. Having 

become obsessed with a handful of three-
decade-old movies starring Kurt Russell 
and directed by John Carpenter,  I can liter-
ally talk of nothing else. The big three of 
this oddly specific genre are: “The Thing,” 
“Big Trouble in Little China” and “Escape 
From New York.” And they’re so much bet-
ter than the latest bloodbath slasher thre-
equel at the local AMC. 

Maybe it’s the cheesy special effects. 
Maybe it’s how awesome Kurt Russell is. 
Maybe it’s just the fact that director John 
Carpenter is a gritty action-adventure-
thriller genius. Either way, these ‘80s throw-
backs are absolute gold.

Take “The Thing” — it’s my horror flick 
of the moment. As a creature-feature set 
in Antarctica, it’s pretty much the original 
snowed-in supernatural thriller. An all-male 
research facility discovers that a human-
mimicking alien has infiltrated its ranks, 
and the scientists have to root it out before 
it spreads to the rest of the world. 

The beauty of this film lies in two parts: 
The excellent cheesy gore and Kurt Russell’s 
beard. I only recently started appreciating 
classic horror films like “Halloween” and 
“The Shining” — my days of  peeking out 
from behind stiff fingers are finally over — 
and as such, I really love the comical alien 
monsters that break through the real fear 
this film generates.

And the beard. If Kurt Russell’s full 
beard in “The Thing” were an actual 
person, it would be the epitome of cool. 
It would’ve done drugs with Hunter S. 
Thompson, pissed on Kubrick’s grave and 
become an ordained Buddhist priest. There 
are no words good enough to describe its 
majesty.  

Now, “Big Trouble in Little China” has 
an entirely different feel. A supernatural 
action-comedy that spoofs ’70s kung fu 
flicks, “Big Trouble” is a farce in which 
Russell struggles to save his best friend’s 
fiancée from becoming the bride of an evil 
two-millenia-old Chinese magician. 

It does share one quality with “The 
Thing,” however: the caliber of the special 
effects. I am a sucker for so-bad-they’re-
good creatures, and this flick has some 
whoppers. Glowing eyes, slimy apes and 
magic that looks like a laser show are only 
some of my favorites in this one. I’m abso-
lutely positive Carpenter knew that the flick 
was campy; this movie is so wrong, it’s right.    

Which brings us to my final film, 
“Escape From New York.” Russell stars as 
Snake Plissken (what a name!), a futuristic 
war hero who is sentenced to prison, but 
who can earn his freedom if he can get 
the president out alive. The atmosphere is 
what really draws me to this one. It feels 
like “The Warriors” on crack, with Russell 
running around sporting a giant gun and 
an eye-patch and the free world resting on 
the shoulders of a madman. It’s gritty action 
‘til the bitter end. Plissken is everything you 
ever wanted John McClane to be, but knew 
Bruce Willis couldn’t pull off. 

You can ignore these flicks if you want; 
after all, they came out when most of us 
were still unplanned pregnancies. But if 
you’re down for something a little differ-
ent and a little dated, you can’t go wrong 
with Carpenter and Russell. With winners 
like “Saw 18” crowding the Halloween box 
office, I promise you’ll have a better time 
renting one of these campy gems than mak-

OUT TO TWIST

YOUR MINDS

OUT TO TWIST

YOUR MINDS
UCSD ALUMNI ARE 
SICK AS DOGS
BY REN EBEL • STAFF WRITER

FESTIVALPREVIEW

BY REN EBEL • STAFF WRITER

I
n 1977, UCSD alumni Spike Decker and Mike Gribble first provided the 
outcasts of animation with a haven for films both shamelessly sick and 
hauntingly bizarre. Since then, the two have become unsung heroes of 
modern entertainment with their Sick and Twisted Festivals of Animation, 
establishing a launching point for many noteworthy contributions to cin-

ema, television and the Internet. Films from Pixar Studios, shows like “South 
Park,” “Beavis and Butthead” and “Courage the Cowardly Dog,” Internet virals 
like Don Hertzfeldt’s “Rejected” and the ingenious stop-motion of PES — all of 
these animations owe some of their deserved notoriety to fledgling encounters 
with S&M.

For the second year in a row, Spike and Mike are straying from 
their Sick and Twisted roots to provide the general public with a 
“sophisticated” animation show. If you were somehow confused 
by weighty phrases like “contemporary art,” “international cin-
ema” and (this one’s from their website) “less monocle-spinning 
gross-out gags,” it all becomes clear the minute a disgruntled, 
Hawaiian shirt-clad Spike launches giant balloons into the 
audience: Leave your sweater vests at home. This show is 
about fun.  

Each film has its own distinctive style of anima-
tion and narrative, though the themes all seem to 
gravitate toward the darkly comic and surreal. 
These filmmakers have placed full emphasis 
on story, with spectacular, cutting-edge 
visuals to match. The product is an 
absorbing mixed bag of creativity at its 
raw, concentrated best. Here are a few 
highlights.

LOVE AND THEFT
ANDREAS HYKADE, GERMANY

With an insanely good score (win-
ner of Best Original Music at the 2010 
Annecy Animation Festival) but with-
out a story, this Rorschach test on LSD 
takes a simple idea and runs with it. 
The film combines beautifully rendered 
animation with pop-art stream-of-
consciousness, morphing familiar faces 
together (was that Spongebob?) for a 
hypnotic effect. Most impressive is how 
the simple, repetitive images seem to 
form an emotional narrative — or at 
least a pretty psychedelic trip.  

REBECCA ERBE

rerbe@ucsd.edu

To Begin With, 
Everything
To Begin With, To Begin With, 

Spike and Mike’s Festival 
of Animation
MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART SAN DIEGO 
IN LA JOLLA
ENDS NOV. 28 

See ANIMATION, page 8



8ÊTHE UCSD GUARDIANÊ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010Ê HIATUS

HIATUS PICKS 
HALLOWEEN’S BEST BETS

druthers 
FESTIVALPREVIEW

MY NEIGHBORHOOD HAS BEEN 
OVERRUN BY BABOONS

CAMERON EDSER, AUSTRALIA

This Aussie claymation is a fast-paced 
and delightfully irreverent audience 
favorite, taking the form of a 1980s hair 

metal music video wherein a man is tor-
mented by an invasion of unruly baboons. 
There’s a social comment hidden within 
the layers of over-the-top parody, but 
the sheer absurdity of it all makes it dif-
ficult to care: “I tried to call the cops/A 
baboon answered the phone/That’s when 
I realized/That I was all alone, with the 
baboons!” What more needs to be said?

HIDDEN LIFE OF THE 
BURROWING OWL

MIKE ROUSH, USA

Real, photographed environments 
inhabited by animated wildlife make 
Hidden Life a sight to behold. The film is a 
spot-on parody of the run-of-the-mill biol-
ogy class nature documentary (complete 
with drab, British narration), following the 
efforts of a desert owl to seek bloody ven-
geance in the name of his road-killed love.

LOOM
REGINA WELKER, GERMANY

By far the most haunting and capti-
vating film of the night, this pitch-dark 
short, winner of Best in Show at the 2010 
Siggraph Animation Festival, is a testa-
ment to the sheer power of computer 
animation. With breathtaking realism, a 
spider silencing its prey is set to a night-
marish, glitched-out score a la Aphex 
Twin. The result is death depicted in an 
alarmingly pragmatic light. 

Although a few films miss the mark 
conceptually, the films at Spike and Mike’s 
are often clever, occasionally jaw-dropping 
and always bursting with ingenuity. Above 
all, the festival is a platform for completely 
unbridled creativity —for animation 
enthusiasts and passersby alike — that 
leaves you with a newfound appreciation 
for cartoons as an art form, in all of their 
unsophisticated glory. 

Celebrating its tenth year, Dos Equis XX’s Monster Bash 
kicks off its annual celebration early in the evening, and runs 
‘til midnight. With go-go girls, top of the line So Cal DJs (the 
femmes are expected to spin in lingerie), bands (including 
some top-knotch Lady Gaga impersonators) and a slumber 
party theme, it’s every San Diego man’s Halloween wet 
dream. Show up dressed to the nines — or in practically 
nothing at all. It will be worth it: Top prize for the best 
costume is 3,000 dollars. Event is 21+, so don’t forget to 
flash your I.D. (NS)

SAN DIEGO MONSTER BASH
GASLAMP QUARTER / OCT. 30 / $25

In case you start drunkenly wandering through the woods 
past Che Cafe this Saturday, beware: Dubstep will be lurking 
around the trees. The Che will be hosting its Tricks and 
Treats Halloween Party, which will feature three areas of 
music, including DJs like Mike Gao, Willy Wompa, Mastah 
Syphe and Stollz. Need to trip out even more? There will 
also be pyschedelic visuals courtesy of Divinora. Plus, if you 
show up in your Snooki costume you get in for three bucks. 
But you should know — fist pumping ain’t welcome. (AS)

CHE CAFE TRICKS AND TREATS 
HALLOWEEN PARTY
CHE CAFE / OCT. 30 / $4 / $3 IN COSTUME

Itching to kick off your Halloween weekend with some 
artier fare? Check out the University Art Gallery’s Howl (no, 
not the poem), a collaboration between the graduate and 
undergraduate students of the Music, Theatre, Dance and 
Visual Arts departments. The multi-media fest will include Vis 
Arts professor Michael Trigilio rockin’ the synth, a vampire 
tragedy by Nomads Theatre Company and a wacked-out 
sculpture by Jessica Sledge — complete with three-channel 
audio installation, among other avant garde treats. (AS)

HOWL: PERFORMANCES, MUSIC 
AND MISCHIEF
UNIVERSITY ART GALLERY / OCT. 29 / FREE

exit strategy
THIS WEEK ON CAMPUS

FOOSH HALLOWEEN 
SPOOKPROV
SOLIS 104
OCT. 28, 9 P.M.
FREE

FOOVIE: 
DELICATESSEN
THE LOFT
OCT. 28, 7 P.M.
$30 WITH FOOD, $8 WITHOUT

HALLOWEEN 
COSTUME CONTEST
PRICE CENTER PLAZA
OCT. 29, 11:30 A.M.
FREE

SCRIATIN, 
BERNSTEIN & 
MAHLER
MANDEVILLE CENTER
OCT. 30, 8 P.M.
$15

PRICE CENTER 
BLOCKBUSTER:
INCEPTION
PRICE CENTER THEATER
OCT. 30, 8 P.M.
$3

JOE PUG
THE LOFT
NOV. 1, 8:30 P.M.
$8

STUART DYBEK 
READING
VISUAL ARTS FACILITY
NOV. 3, 4:30 P.M.
FREE

REPLY ALL: JAZZ
THE LOFT
NOV. 3, 8 P.M.
FREE

▶ ANIMATION, fromÊpageÊ7



HIATUSÊ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010Ê THE UCSD GUARDIANÊ9

AZUSA   |   HIGH DESERT   |   INLAND EMPIRE   |   LOS ANGELES   |   MURRIETA
ORANGE COUNTY   |   SAN DIEGO   |    VENTURA COUNTY   |   ONLINE

(800) 825-5278

www.apu.edu/explore/education

graduatecenter@apu.edu 

Call
Click
Email

Earn your degree in education
in 12 –18 months at APU.

With more than 36 credential and master’s 
degree opportunities, we’re confident we have 
a program for you.

APU offers:
• Convenient classes at 8 Southern California 

locations and online.
• Programs in teaching, counseling, physical 

education, and administration.
• NCATE-accredited programs recognized by 

all 50 states and internationally.

• Resources that make transferring to APU a 
seamless process.

11209

Classes start five times throughout the year. 
Contact us today!

CHARGE: 800-745-3000 / UCSD BOX OFFICE / TICKETMASTER LOCATIONS
WWW.THIEVERYCORPORATION.COM / WWW.MASSIVEATTACK.COM

NOVEMBER 4TH
STARTS AT 8pm SHARP

DISCOUNTED TICKETS AVAILABLE AT THE 
UCSD BOX OFFICE FOR UCSD STUDENTS W/ID

RIMAC ARENA

RIMAC_Guardian_101014_v2a.indd   1 10/11/10   3:21 PM

            

Small Black
New Chain
JAGJAGUWAR

I n April of last year, Brooklyn duo Small Black released a rough, 
self-titled EP of songs they 
recorded in each other’s 
apartments. This EP — and 
its opening track “Despicable 
Dogs” in particular — 
turned out to be one of the 
most charming, emotionally 
evocative releases associated 
with the  chillwave move-
ment. It was also ghetto as 
shit. 

On their debut full-
length album, New Chain, 
Small Black doubles its 
membership and cleans up 
most of this production-
related grime, accentuating 
the ’80s dance textures and 
R&B influences that were 
once buried.

Within the first 30 
seconds of opening track 
“Camouflage,” it’s apparent 
that Small Black is branch-
ing out of the expected lo-fi 
reverbs. Rather than work 
through the thick beds of 
distorted haze that envel-
oped the first album, the 
band explores a variety of 
synth waves, sampled voices 
and polyrhythmic percus-
sion. 

Throughout every song, 
Small Black fills every avail-
able space with a patchwork 
of nostalgic new wave 
sounds. Even on more sub-
dued tracks like the almost-

ballad “Hydra,” Small Black 
leaves little room for silence, 
building from a short, water-
like intro to a pulsating 
synth-pop explosion.

Though it would be easy 
for this approach to become 
overwhelming, Small Black 
still manages to keep it inter-
esting. This willingness to 
experiment with texture — 
turning layers of conflicting 
instruments into a harmoni-
ous whole — is undoubtedly 
the album’s greatest strength; 
even on lyrically forgettable 
songs, Small Black’s dense 
musicality makes the album 
more than worth your time.

New Chain is a trip of an 
album. The soundscapes are 
always impressive, but with-
out any choruses to match, 
the tracks aren’t necessarily 
memorable. There’s noth-
ing as catchy as “Despicable 
Dogs” here, nor is there any-
thing that displays the kind 
of devotion to songwriting 
that made the band’s debut 
EP stand out. 

So in a sea of bands that 
value blog-worthy musical 
trends over long-term sub-
stance, Small Black doesn’t 
yet have the magic to sepa-
rate from the pack, but they 
are certainly off to a promis-
ing start. 

—Andrew 
Whitworth

Staff Writer

New Yorkers Make Promising Waves

7
10

Warpaint
The Fool
ROUGH TRADE

Y es, even in an enlight-ened age of stay-at-home dads and girls 
kicking ass, the notion of 
an all-female rock band 
can still ooze “novelty.” The 
rare sight of a few sweaty, 
beautiful women tearing it 
up on stage can be enough 
to loosen our standards of 
musicianship and creativ-
ity in the name of female 
empowerment. But on their 
first full-length album The 
Fool, the ladies of psych-
rock outfit Warpaint dispel 
girl band stereotypes, craft-
ing surreal jams without 
the gimmicks. 

On opener “Set Your 
Arms Down,” the omi-
nous buzz of an amplifier 
fills the void between the 
doomsday bass and drums, 
gathering slow-moving 
atmospheric guitars to a 
climactic jam. It’s difficult 
to escape images of the 
apocalypse: thunderclap 
beats, pulsating bass lines, 
eerie web-like guitar work 
that cascades and reverber-
ates in the dark. And those 
are just the instrumentals.

Every member of 
Warpaint contributes 
to the album’s hypnotic 
vocal arrangements. These 
women are proverbial 
sirens, crafting songs — 
with their layers of soft 
melody — that are entranc-

ingly seductive. And when 
it comes to these treach-
erous capabilities, they 
are alarmingly self-aware 
(on the delicate interlude 
“Baby,” frontwoman Emily 
Kokal coos, “Don’t you call 
anybody else baby/’Cause 
I’m your baby still”). 

As a first LP, The Fool 
is quite an achievement. 
These nine songs exhibit 
an unusual amount of skill 
for a band getting its feet 
wet in an only recently 
revived gothic rock scene. 
And on standouts like 
single “Undertow” or the 
multifaceted “Composure,” 
Warpaint sheds all virgin 
insecurities, locking in its 
refreshingly distinctive 
grim sound. 

Girls do kick ass after 
all — Warpaint happens 
to kick a lot of it — and 
we certainly don’t need a 
subscription to Bitch maga-
zine to remember that. 
After the zeal of female 
empowerment recedes, and 
it’s once again acceptable 
to address your friends as 
“guys” without confirming 
some deep-set misogyny, 
we will appreciate an album 
like The Fool for what it 
is: A solid debut from an 
extremely promising rock 
band. 

 —Ren Ebel
Staff Writer

LA Waifs Seduce On Moody Debut

7
10

Taylor Swift
Speak Now
BIG MACHINE

W e all know Taylor Swift’s recipe for suc-cess: lyrics about the 
girl next door falling in love 
with the boy next door (who 
also has washboard abs) 
mixed in with some pop-
country guitar and catchy 
melodies. It’s formulaic, but 
it made the singer a world-
wide music icon. 

So it’s no surprise that 
T-Swift’s new album, Speak 
Now, is filled with more 
sappy, sugary songs about 
young love.

The album is only half-
way believable — surprising, 
since Swift is so adamant 
about injecting every min-
ute detail of her life into 
her music. But how can we 
find credibility in songs like 
weepy title track “Speak 
Now,” where Swift steals a 
groom away from his bri-
dezilla of a wife-to-be? For a 
songwriter who takes pride 
in airing dirty laundry, this 
moment of fiction feels out 
of place.

The lyrics on Speak Now 
aren’t too grown up either. 
On “Mean,” Swift sings, “You 
with your words/Like knives 
and swords/And weapons 
that you use against me.” 
These overdone metaphors 
sound like all that bad 
poetry we wrote in middle 
school, the lines of which we 
sure as hell didn’t want to 

hear again. Still, the country 
essentials are all there — the 
banjo, the fiddle, the clap-
ping beat — to help us over-
look the Disney Channel 
verse and enjoy the fun 
refrain.

At least in country heart-
breaker “Dear John,” we get 
a redeeming sense of the 
emotional anguish caused by 
a barely legal affair. (Rumor 
has it, Swift wrote this one 
about 33-year-old singer 
John Mayer.) There’s depth 
in the track’s narrative (“And 
I lived in your chess game / 
But you changed the rules 
every day”) and beauty in 
Swift’s soft vocals, as they 
waver to a swirling violin 
and Dixie Chick-esque 
bottleneck guitar. Halfway 
through the album, the track 
finally provides a sense of 
realism from Swift, which is 
refreshing after listening to 
so many tracks about con-
trived relationships. 

If you’re not an avid 
Taylor Swift fangirl, Speak 
Now is definitely an album 
to pass up. It’s nothing new 
for the singer; just more of 
the same overblown love 
ballads that have been play-
ing on the radio for the past 
few years — with a slight 
hint of maturity slipped in 
(too far) under the radar. 

—Kelly Hill
Contributing Writer

Country Star Writes Familiar Diary

4
10



SPORTSÊ THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

Every year, UCSD graduates choose the PharmDProgram at the University of Michigan College of Pharmacy. In fact, nearly 20 percent of our
PharmD enrollment is comprised of alumni from

California universities. 

What accounts for Michigan’s popularity among

Golden Staters? First, we are consistently ranked among

America’s top pharmacy schools. Secondly, we consider 

a lot more than GPA and PCAT scores when evaluating

your application.

Earn your bachelor’s degree at UCSD, and then earn

your PharmD at U-M. That’s what many UCSD students

do every year.

To learn more about the PharmD Program at

Michigan, visit our Web site at www.umich.edu/~pharmacy.

Or contact the College of Pharmacy at 734-764-7312

(mich.pharm.admissions@umich.edu).

Your future never looked brighter.

Meet some alumni of
California universities
who recently enrolled
as University of
Michigan PharmD 
students.

Look no further than 
the University of Michigan.

Still looking for a reason to make Michigan your pharmacy
school? Consider these:
1. Financial support unequalled by any other U.S. pharmacy

school.

2. Outstanding pay.

3. Job security in economically uncertain times.

4. Unlimited opportunities to improve people’s lives.

5. Unparalleled career choices.

6. Continuous growth potential.

7. Life and career mobility.

8. The prestige of owning a degree from one of America’s 
top-ranked pharmacy schools.

9. Membership in an influential alumni network spanning 
the globe.

10. The power to apply medical knowledge at the forefront of
technological innovation.

11. Small class size to maximize individualized educational 
experiences.

12. One-to-one learning with world-renowned faculty.

Looking for a great pharmacy school?

their last weekend of the season, but 
remain wary despite comfortable vic-
tories against the Pioneers in the past.  

“The team’s feeling great,” 
Armstrong said. “But we know that 
playing teams like East Bay is danger-
ous because they literally have noth-
ing to lose, while we have so much 
riding on the next two games.” 

Sunday’s win over San Bernardino 
moves the Tritons up to 10-2-2 in the 
CCAA with 32 points. Despite hav-
ing the longest winning streak in the 
conference — and being unbeaten 
in 11 straight matches — UCSD still 

trails Cal State Los Angeles by one 
point for first place in the CCAA 
South Division standings, and has 
yet to clinch a spot in the CCAA 
Tournament. The top teams from the 
North and South Division — as well 
as the next two squads from either 
division with the highest point total 
— will advance to a single elimina-
tion tournament to decide the confer-
ence champion.

With the win over San Bernardino, 
the Tritons have a chance for the 
top seed in the tournament, but will 
need a good result in both matches 
against East Bay. The Tritons will 

look for help from CSULA’s weekend 
opponents, Cal Poly Pomona and San 
Bernardino, in their effort to gain the 
top spot and secure home field for the 
tournament.

UCSD hopes to continue its win-
ning streak in matches against East 
Bay on Friday, Oct. 29 in Hayward 
and Sunday, Oct. 31 back in La Jolla. 
East Bay is 6-8-3 overall this season, 
including 4-8-2 in conference play.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu.

the Tritons sat in fourth place with a legitimate chance of stealing a play-
off spot. Fate, however, was not on their side, and the Tritons suffered 
two  close losses to Cal Poly Pomona and No. 6 Cal State San Bernardino.

While the Tritons are not mathematically eliminated from playoff 
contention, they need to win both matches against East Bay this week-
end and get a lot of help to sneak into the postseason. Nevertheless, the 
Tritons should be proud of their play this season. They never backed 
down from anyone, and earned a win or draw over every ranked team in 
the conference. The CCAA has always been one of the top conferences in 
Division II, with teams such as San Bernardino routinely ranked in the 
top 25. Most years, UCSD had difficulty with these squads.

“With this team, this is the first year since I’ve been here that we’ve 
been able to go on the road — to San Bern, to L.A., to Dominguez Hills 
— and play them straight up and go for the win,” head coach Jon Pascale 
said. “And we left feeling like we were just as good as them.”

The Tritons are not as talent-laden as these other teams, and have 
sometimes struggled in the final third of the pitch after good build-up 
play. But they have been difficult to break down even for the league’s best 
attackers, and their ability to give every team a tough game kept their 
season alive.

Chance for Top Spot for Women’s Soccer

The women’s soccer team caught fire around the same time as the 
men’s squad, but kept up their excellent form for 11 unbeaten matches. 
The Tritons have now won eight straight, and have put themselves in 
position to battle for the top seed — and home field advantage — in the 
CCAA tournament. 

The Tritons earned victories over Cal Poly Pomona and Cal State San 
Bernardino last weekend, but will be turning to exactly these teams for 
help this weekend. Pomona and San Bernardino will play CSU L.A., who 
currently sits atop the standings with 32 points. UCSD is one point back, 
and will need good results from its own games with East Bay, while hop-
ing for a CSULA loss or draw in at least one of its matches. Regardless, 
the Tritons should have a playoff spot wrapped up after this weekend, as 
anything but a pair of wins against bottom dwellers East Bay would be a 
disappointment.

ChanceÊforÊHomeÊFieldÊforÊTritons
▶ ROSE, fromÊpageÊ12

losses from CSUDH, and both Cal 
State L.A. and Cal Poly Pomona could 
not take full points from their last 
two matches.

“One thing we talk about a lot on 
our team is making sure we have a 
professional approach to what we’re 
doing,” Pacale said. “Whether it’s con-
ference finals, the first game of the 
season or a spring game, we want to 
make sure we have the same mindset 
all the time. So we want to really get 
after East Bay and beat them both 
times.”

The Tritons went into their week-

end matches riding an eight-match 
unbeaten streak, but suffered a 2-1 
loss to Cal Poly Pomona before their 
loss against San Bernardino.

“We created a number of chances 
this weekend and we just weren’t 
sharp enough in front of goal,” 
Pascale said. “In stretches, we played 
as best as we’ve played all season. We 
need to continue to build on that and 
just be a little bit sharper in front of 
the goal.”

Although the Tritons’ postseason 
chances are slim, UCSD hopes to 
win both of its matches against East 
Bay — a team on an eight-match los-

ing streak and just one win in CCAA 
play.

“I think everybody really enjoys 
playing on this team,” Pascale said. 
“We have a great group of guys, good 
team chemistry, great work ethic and 
I think the guys really bring the best 
out of each other. We’re looking for-
ward to a good week of practice and 
going to East Bay looking to make it 
happen.”

UCSD will face East Bay on Friday 
at 7 p.m. in Hayward before return-
ing home for an 11:30 a.m. kickoff 
on Sunday.

TritonsÊWillÊLookÊforÊTopÊSpotÊThisÊWeekend
▶ W. SOCCER, fromÊpageÊ12

MenÕsÊSoccerÊNeedÊPairÊof ÊWinsÊforÊShotÊatÊtheÊPlayoffs
▶ M. SOCCER, fromÊpageÊ12



WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

SPORTS
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2010

CONTACTÊTHEÊEDITOR:Êsports@ucsdguardian.org

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

WATER POLO
MEN’S/WOMEN’S SOCCER

WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL

10/30
10/29
10/31
10/29
10/30

AT UCLA
AT CAL STATE EAST BAY
VS CAL STATE EAST BAY
VS CAL STATE STANISLAUS
VS CHICO STATE

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

This Week: Men’s and women’s soc-cer head into the final weekend of 
the regular season.

Men’s Soccer Suffers Tough Road 
Losses

It may be cliché to say, but the men’s 
soccer team has certainly had a roller 
coaster season. The squad didn’t get its 
first win until the seventh match in the 
season, by which time they had sunk 
so far in the standings that a playoff bid 
seemed impossible.

But the Tritons rallied, rattling 
off an eight-match unbeaten run that 
included six victories. Going into the 
penultimate weekend of the season, 

MenÕsÊTeam
UnableÊtoÊ
CatchÊaÊBreakÊÊ
ThisÊWeekend

LIAM ROSE

Parade
The Rose

lfrose@ucsd.edu

See ROSE,Êpage 11

TRITONS MAKE IT EIGHT

WOMEN’S SOCCER — The No. 21 Tritons captured 
their eighth straight victory on Sunday in a thrilling 1-0 
double overtime finish against the Cal State San Bernardino 
Coyotes.

In the first minute of the second overtime period, junior 
midfielder Courtney Capobianco scored her first goal of the 
season to secure the Triton victory.  Capobianco — one of 
several dangerous outside wingers the Tritons have available 
to come off the bench — capitalized on a missed shot by 
junior forward Sarah McTigue to end the game.

“McTigue took on a couple of players and was able to get 
the shot off from the left side of the box, trying to hit the far 
post,” Capobianco said. “It was a little wide, and was slightly 
deflected by their keeper, so all I had to do was get a little 

bit ahead of my defender and just tap it into the far post.” 
Aside from the last-minute heroics of Capobianco, the 

majority of play was in the middle of the park, where the 
game remained gridlocked. Both teams battled for posses-
sion, with the Tritons just outshooting the Coyotes 14-13. 
Junior goalkeeper Kristin Armstrong recorded her ninth 
shutout of the season, reducing the team’s conference-
leading goals against average to 0.62 per game. 

The Tritons have only two games remaining on their 
schedule; a home-and-away series against Cal State East Bay. 
With narrow 1-0 victories in each of their last two matches, 
Armstrong said that the Tritons are confident going into 

Sophomore forward Gabi Hernandez goes up for header against Cal State San Bernardino on Oct. 1. The Tritons beat the Coyotes for the second time this season on Sunday, earning a 1-0 victory thanks to junior Courtney Capobianco’s 101st minute goal.

See W. SOCCER,Êpage 11

By Liam Rose
Sports Editor

MEN’S SOCCER — The men’s soccer team suf-
fered a disappointing end to the weekend, losing a 
tight 1-0 match to No. 6 Cal State San Bernardino 
on Sunday. 

Jose Godinez was the lone scorer for the 
Coyotes, putting away a rebound in the 41st 
minute after Julio Ayala’s shot careened off the 
post. 

“[San Bernardino] is probably the best team 
in the conference — they certainly have the best 
record — and we walked away from that saying 
we were every bit as good as them on the day,” 
head coach Jon Pascale said. “But they got the 
goal, and that was the difference.”

The match was fairly even throughout, with 
the Coyotes holding a 9-8 advantage in shots.

“They have a very talented squad with some 
kids that are very good on the attacking end,” 
Pascale said. “They got on the end of one chance 
deep in our end and they made the most of it. 

We had a number of chances in front of their 
goal, but they finished one chance and that was 
one more than we did. You take that chance 
away and I think it was a pretty even game.”

The Coyotes have the top record in the 
CCAA at 12-3-1 overall, and 10-3-1 in confer-
ence play. CSUSB is also on top of the CCAA 
South Division standings with 31 points. 

The Tritons fell to fourth place in the South 
Division with the loss, and their 21 points put-

sthem four points behind both Cal State Los 
Angeles and Cal State Stanislaus. for the final 
spot in the CCAA postseason tournament. 

UCSD will play a home-and-away series 
against Cal State East Bay this weekend, begin-
ning in Hayward on Friday and returning home 
on Sunday. To make the postseason, the Tritons 
will need to win both games and get some help 
in other CCAA matches. It would take two 

Tritons Unable 
to Find the Goal 
and Fall to San 
Bernardino

See M. SOCCER,Êpage 11

WITH AN EIGHTH STRAIGHT VIC-
TORY, TRITON WOMEN WILL HAVE 

A CHANCE TO GRAB THE TOP SPOT 
IN THE CCAA TOURNAMENT THIS 

WEEKEND 

BY RACHEL UDA • Staff Writer
PHOTO BY JOHN HANACEK • Guardian file

Senior Shane Micheil and the Tritons will need help to get in the postseason after weekend losses to Cal Poly Pomona and San Bernardino.

JOHN HANACEK/GUARDIAN FILE


	102810News
	102810Opinion
	102810Hiatus
	102810Sports



