
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLII, ISSUE XVII

SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT INSIDENIGHT WATCH

thursday fridayMonday tuesday

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHFORECASTWEB POLL
do you think fee 
increases are 
necessary?
√  Yes
√  No

SUNRISE

SUNSET

thursdayWednesdayWWW.ucsdGuardian.orG

Comics ..................................2
Lights & Sirens ......................3
Status Update .......................4
Letters to the Editor ...............5
Site Seen ...............................9
Classifieds ...........................14
Sports ..................................16

HIGH

$3.67
shell, San Diego
5401 University Ave. & 54 St.

LOw

$2.95
Mohsen, Oceanside
3213 Mission Ave & Airport Rd. 

thursday
Height:  3-5 ft.
Wind: 2-8 mph 

Water Temp: 61 F

Wednesday
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 8-9 mph 
Water Temp: 61 F

tuesday
Height:  4-6 ft.
Wind: 4-7 mph

Water Temp: 61 F

Monday
Height: 5-6 ft.

Wind: 8-10 mph
Water Temp: 61 F

4:44 P.M.

6:26 A.M.

thursday
H 42 L 62

Wednesday
H 43 L 58

tuesday
H 48 L 59

Monday
H 46 L 59

 

By Regina Ip
News Editor

The California Supreme Court voted 
unanimously last Monday to uphold  a 
bill to allow certain out-of-state residents 
— including undocumented students — 
to pay in-state tuition while attending 
California’s public universities and 
colleges. But the bill, Assembly Bill 540, 
does not allow undocumented states to 
apply for financial aid at the federal, state 
or university level.

AB 540, enacted in 2001 by previous 
Governor Gray Davis, applies to students 
who attended high school in California 
for at least three academic years and 
graduated with a GED or an equivalent. 
Students also must be registered or 

currently enrolled in an accredited 
institution. 

Eligible students will save 
approximately $13,316 per year at UCSD, 
since full-time undergraduate non-
residents pay an estimated $22,717 while 
California residents paid $9,401 per year.

“UC supported AB 540,” UCOP 
spokesperson Ricardo Vázquez said. 
“We believe these are students who have 
worked very hard and, through their 
persistence, they have been able to get 
a place in the UC system…so [their 
efforts] shouldn’t be disregarded.”

The court decision was a result of 
a lawsuit — called Martinez v. Regents 
of the University of California — filed 

By Regina Ip
News Editor

UC academic student employees 
announced a statewide meeting yester-
day to discuss disagreements over the 
tentative labor contract made with UC 
officials on Nov. 17.

The 12,000 employees represented 
by United Auto Workers Local 2865 
— a group which includes part-time 
workers such as teaching assistants, 
graders, readers and graduate student 
instructors — called for the rejection 
of the three-year agreement and orga-
nized a meeting for Tuesday, Nov. 30 at 
UCLA.

“We wanted to reach out to mem-
bership statewide and let them know 
that there is another option besides 
taking inadequate contract agreement,” 
UC Santa Cruz Unit Chair Brian Malo-
ne said. “This is not the best we can do 
[because] the leadership throughout 
the contract campaign especially in the 
last few months has not seriously orga-
nized the strike. I feel like we have yet to 
show our strength to the UC by actually 
organizing our membership.”

Union members will begin voting 
on the contract at the nine UC cam-
puses on Nov. 29 and will continue 
until Dec. 2.

The two bargaining teams tentative-
ly agreed to increase wages by a mini-
mum of 2 percent per year, with the 
possibility of increases in the 2011-12 
and 2012-13 academic years, depend-
ing on whether there will be increased 
funding from the state.

“We are very pleased to have 
reached what we believe is a fair 
agreement, and one that recognizes 
both the contributions our student 
employees make to UC’s teaching 
mission and the budgetary challenges 
we face,” UC chief negotiator Peter 
Chester said in a statement.

UAW Vice President Daraka Lari-
more-Hall agreed, despite the minority 
group disagreement.

“It’s a great contract, particularly 
in this budget climate,” Larimore-
Hall said. “It’s a strong package of 
guaranteed wage increases with the 
possibility of even more if the budget 
situation improves.”

But in the letter sent out on Nov. 21 to 
UAW members, several members stated 
that they believed that the 2-percent 
annual wage increase was inadequate 
because it does not match the 3-percent 
inflation rate for the contract term.

“The other reason is that, despite 
what UAW has said, we know that UC 
has money to give us a better contract,” 
Malone said. “It wouldn’t be that expen-
sive...It would be a mistake for UAW 
to buy UC’s rhetoric about having no 
money.”

The UC Board of Regents passed 
an 8-percent student-fee increase on 
Nov. 18 after a three-day meeting. 
The increase will raise tuition prices 
from $10,302 to $11,124 for the 
2011-12 academic year, and comes 
a year after a 32-percent increase 
passed last November.

According to UC spokesperson 
Ricardo Vasquez, the Regents 
were reluctant to increase fees by 
$822, but the lack of adequate state 
funding, in addition to the failure to 
find a better solution to the budget 
deficit, led them to vote in favor of 
the increase. 

UC officials suggested that the 
$1 billion deficit the UC system 
faces could be curbed by bringing 

in an annual revenue of about $180 
million from the fee increase.

At the Regents meeting at UC 
San Francisco, UC president Mark 
G. Yudof spoke about the possibility 
of additional cuts from state funding 

in the next few years due to national 
economic crisis. 

State funding for the UC system 

was cut by $600 million in 2009. 
Despite the $370 million increase 
this year, a budget shortfall still 
exists, one that must now be covered 

Members of  
Student Union  
Disagree Over  
Labor Contract

Eligible Non-Residents Can Pay 
In-State Tuition in California

billboard mania

See union, page 7

See tuition, page 2

UC REGENTS RAISE 
TUITION BY 8 PERCENT

NolaN Thomas/Guardian
Far East Movement (left) gave a surprise performance for the Founders’ Day event on 
Thursday, Nov. 18. The next night, Bruno Mars (right) performed a sold-out concert.

See bill, page 3

despite three days of protests that included the arrest of 13 students, 
the uc Board of regents passed an 8-percent increase last thursday.

BY NISHA kurANI
associate news editor

PHotoS BY JoHN HANAcek 

▶  FOCUS An UpWARD cLiMb neveR FeLT SO gOOD. Page 9

On  Nov. 18., the last day of the Regents’ meeting, UCSD students protested the newly passed fee increases at the annual Founders’ Day event in Town Square. 



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 NEWS

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2010, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. Turkey carcass.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-5226, focus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 

Opinion: 858-534-6582, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Photo: 858-534-6582, photo@ucsdguardian.org           

Design: 858-534-6582, design@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7691

Page layout
Hayley Bisceglia-Martin, Angela Chen, Melody Chern,  
Regina Ip, Praneet Kolluru, Shazia Manji, Vivian Zhang 

Arielle Sallai

Monica Bachmeier

Matthew Stewart

General Manager

network administrator           

Angela Chen

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin

Regina Ip

Nisha Kurani

Cheryl Hori

Margaret Yau

Liam Rose

Neda Salamat

Zoë Sophos

Arielle Sallai

Neda Salamat

Naomi Sweo

John Hanacek

Andrew Oh

Melody Chern

Binh Ngo

Kim Cyprian

Rebekah Hwang

editor in chief

Managing editor

news editor

news editor

opinion editor

associate opinion editor

sports editor

focus editor

associate focus editor

hiatus editor

associate hiatus editor

copy editor

Photo editor

associate Photo editor

design editor

associate design editor

art editor

associate art editor

business assistant
Tiffany Han 

advertising design and layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

distributors
Robert Espionza, Scott Havrisik, Aurora Le

copy readers
Amy Guzdar, Monica Haider, Melissa Stanley, 

Naomi Sweo

the ucSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, cA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

School of Medicine Parking

A&PS Marketing & Communications

Transportation Services is working with the School of Medicine to remedy parking congestion and recommends these options:

• Ride our free shuttles, especially for overnight parking. Several routes run until midnight. 
• Park from 11 p.m. – 7 a.m. weekdays and all weekend without a permit in most lots. (Some restrictions apply.) 
• Visit http://iRide.ucsd.edu to learn about your commuting options, such as shuttles, transit, trains, carpools or vanpools.
• Park in lot P602 and P604 for convenient 24-hour access to labs. 
• Consult Blink or the parking office to see if you qualify for an Official Business sticker, which allows parking in more spaces.
• Find plenty of parking in east campus lots and pay lower permit prices. Free shuttles provide convenient access from lots to 
  Price Center and the Gilman/Myers transit hub. 
• Call 858-534-WALK and request a safety escort if it gets late and you feel concerned for your safety.

Want to suggest improvements? E-mail your ideas to TellTPS@ucsd.edu. 

Transportation Services

Scientists Find That Spines Naturally Recover After Injury
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

By Jonathan Chan
Staff Writer

By studying the spinal cords of 
adult monkeys, researchers at the 
UCSD School of Medicine have 
discovered that spinal cords can 
recover naturally after injury.

The researchers looked at the 
regeneration of the corticospinal tract 
(the group of neurons that start at the 
cerebral cortex of the brain and travel 
down the spinal cord) of adult rhesus 
monkeys after they experienced mild 
injuries.

“The spinal cord is not just a single 
entity,” Assistant Project Scientist 
Ephron Rosenzweig said. “It includes 
different neural systems running up 
and down the spinal cord, and some 
neurons are more likely to regenerate 
than others.”

The corticospinal tract is the 
most resistant to treatments when 
compared to other tracts in the spinal 
cord and, once damaged, does not 
regenerate well, as found in previous 
experiments and literature on primate 
neurology.

It is also responsible for fine motor 
control in humans — in other words, 
the coordination of finger movements 
and visual senses, including skills such 
as picking up small objects with the 
hands.

Rosenzweig said this tract is critical 

in defining the human body.
“The corticospinal tract plays a 

crucial role in the human interaction 
with the world through coordination 
and fine motor skills,” Rosenzweig 
said. “The corticospinal tract is least 
likely to regrow but it’s not true that 
nothing in the spinal cord regrows.”

Compared to severe brain and 
spinal cord injuries, which had limited 
regeneration, smaller injuries to the 
corticospinal tract were followed by 
recovery.

To conduct this study, the team 
used monkeys as test subjects instead 
of mice, which are the traditional 
research subjects. In rodent models 
from previous studies seen in scientific 
literature, the regrowth was not seen at  
the level observed in monkeys, whose 
spinal cord cells began to regrow.

“We needed to be testing possible 
treatments in models closer to 
humans,” Rosenzweig said. “There are 
differences in the immunology, size 
and neuroanatomy of primate models 
versus rodent models.”

The monkeys were tested in a 
variety of behaviors, such as walking 
on a treadmill, as well as on parameters 
like grip strength and hand function 
— skills that may be damaged after 
spinal injury. The purpose of the test 
was to determine the extent to which 
the spinal cord axon regrowth affected 
the monkeys’ motor control.

After learning what went on in 
a normal model through behavior 
training and observation, researchers 
made a specific, small lesion on the 
corticospinal tract, designed to cause 
weaknesses in the hand but keep 
autonomic function such as heart rate 
regulation, respiration, digestion and 
perspiration intact.

The research team — which 
includes scientists from UCLA and the 
University of Zurich in Switzerland — 
then studied the spinal cord and saw 
spontaneous recovery in some, but 
not all, of the axons that had been 
damaged in the applied lesions.

For axons that remained intact, 
they saw that the connections 
between the circuits in the spinal 
cord spontaneously regrew and were 
restored by 60 percent in the 24 weeks 
after the mild injury. 

Previously, scientists didn’t know 
that the corticospinal tract could 
regrow, and this new discovery could 
lead to new ideas about regrowth in 
spinal cord injury patients, with the 
possibility of restoring functions such 
as fine motor skills and grip strength, 
which are important in improving the 
patient’s quality of life.

“With 90 percent of the original 
axons removed, the remaining 
10 percent filled in far more than 
expected,” Rosenzweig said.

Rosenzweig’s team is studying the 

implications this discovery can hold 
for humans, since there is usually at 
least a little spinal cord tissue intact 
after an injury.

“Right now, we’re trying to figure 
out the mechanism behind the 
regrowth,” Rosenzweig said. “That 
way, we would be able to develop 
treatments to elicit or enhance that 
same response in humans.”

The research team will continue 
testing new treatments and exploring 
the mechanisms behind the process 
of spontaneous recovery. Its goal is 
to find a drug or treatment therapy 
to enhance these mechanisms and 
promote spinal cord regrowth and 
healing.

 
Readers can contact Jonathan Chan at 
jcc011@ucsd.edu.

PhiliP Jia/Guardian

by changes in tuition fees and the 
pension system. 

According to Vazquez, the 
standards for providing financial 
aid have been lowered to help make 
the fee increase more manageable 
for students. 

The Regents also voted to raise 
the maximum yearly family income 
for the Blue and Gold Opportunity 
Plan eligibility to $80,000. 

The plan originally covered the 
educational costs of students with 
family incomes less than $70,000, 
using grants and scholarships. 

“The Regents… extended 
financial aid for middle income 
students,” Vazquez said. “[In-state] 
students are eligible for financial 
aid [for the fee increase] if their 
family income is between $80,000 
and $120,000 — they will receive 

grants or scholarships for the 2011-
12 school year to cover the cost of 
the fee increase.” 

During the meeting, Yudof said 
the increase would not affect the 
55 percent of students with a yearly 
income of less than $120,000 in the 
2011-12 academic year.

Protests at UCSF  against the 
fee increases were largely subdued 
on Thursday, after 13 people were 
arrested at the multiple rallies held 
the day before. 

The A.S. Office of External 
Affairs office broadcasted the 
meeting on Library Walk and 
provided microphones to promote 
student dialogue about the decision.

“It [was] a different way of 
approaching students to educate 
them instead of flyering,” Vice 
President of External Affairs 
Michael Lam said. “It’s a way to 

actually show students what is 
actually happening [at the Regents 

level].”
T h e 

b r o a d c a s t 
and speak-in 
ended when 
the Regents 
voted 15-5 to 
pass the fee 
increase.

Five voting 
members — 
i n c l u d i n g 
Student Regent 
Jesse Cheng, 
Odessa Johnson, 
Charlene Zettel, 
Darek DeFreece 
and Lieutenant 

Governor Abel Maldonado — voted 
against the increase. Last November,  
then-Student Regent Jesse Bernal 

was the sole dissenting vote against 
the 32-percent fee increase.

“At the end of the Regents 
meeting, nobody wanted to speak 
because the vote was so quick,” Lam 
said. “Every student was stunned 
about how easy it was and how fast 
it was passed, they couldn’t really 
say anything.” 

Students protested at the Founder’s 
Day event against the fee increases , 
holding signs that bore like “50 years 
of oppression” and “Celebrating 50 
years of fee increases.” 

A.S. Campuswide Senator 
Victor Flores-Osorio — one of the 
organizers for the silent action — 
said the purpose of holding up signs 
was to show administrators and the 
UCSD campus that students are 
affected by the increases. 

Standards of  Financial Aid Lowered to Make Tuition Increases Manageable
▶ tuition, from page 1

See Protest, page 3

“It was a  different way 
of 
approaching 
students to 
educate them 
instead of 
flyering.”

michael lam
VP ExtErnal 



NEWS MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

LiGhts AND sirens
Friday, Nov. 12
4:05 a.m.: Drunk in public
▶ A female wearing a “multi-colored skirt” was 
seen “crying in the street” near the Mobil Gas 
Station on the corner of Gilman Drive and Villa 
La Jolla Drive. Information only. 
7:01 p.m.: Disturbance
▶ A group of people seen drinking “unknown 
what” loaded onto buses at Lot 207. No disposition.
10:47 p.m.: Information
▶ A person was caught shining a green laser 
pointer at vehicles from Goldberg Hall. Verbal 
warning issued. 
 
Saturday, Nov. 13
8:21 a.m.: Non-injury accident report
▶ A Goody’s cart “rolled down a hill into a tree” 
at the Thurgood Marshall Activity Center. No 
disposition.
6:31 p.m.: Indecent exposure
▶ A male exposed himself to a female juvenile 
and was “playing with himself ” at Thornton 
Hospital. The subject had on a “black jacket 
[with] no shirt under [and] black Ugg boots 
with tan shorts.” Report taken.
9:21 p.m.: Welfare check
▶ A reporter said his roommate has been saying 
he “has a chip in his brain [and] this is life or 
death.” Checks OK. 

Sunday, Nov. 14
9:18 a.m.: Hazard situation
▶ A tree fell in a parking lot on Regents Road, 
“taking up a few parking spaces, but did not hit 
any cars.” Information only.
8:59 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A 30-year-old male in a “yellow jacket, white 
bicycle helmet and khaki pants” was seen sit-
ting in front of Ballroom A in Price Center 
talking to himself since noon. Field interview 
administered.
9:10 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A heavyset 60-year-old male, with “white hair 
[and] white facial hair, was seen standing at a 
dumpster area behind Muir Apartments. Gone 
on arrival. 
10:51 p.m.: Medical Aid
▶ A person “cut his finger on razor” at Marshall 
Apartments West. Information Only.

Monday, Nov. 15
1:36 a.m.: Suspicious person 
▶ Two students facing the Faculty Club were seen 
“acting suspiciously.” One was wearing a gas mask 
and hid behind bushes. Unable to locate. 
11:18 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A white male in his 20s was spotted “going 
from Dumpster to Dumpster” on Muir Lane. 
Unable to locate.
2:35 p.m.: Non-injury accident report
▶ A shuttle was seen colliding into a parked vehi-
cle at the off-campus Shuttle Trailer. Report taken.
11:14 p.m.: Disturbance, noise
▶ A large group had “gathered and [were] yell-
ing” on the fourth floor of the Pangea Parking 
Structure. The reporter believed they were watch-
ing something inside the structure. Will cooperate. 

Tuesday, Nov. 16
9:25 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A white female in her 40s was seen wearing 
a “blue UCSD sweatshirt” while sitting in the 
lobby of the Leichtag Building with her “dirty 
feet on chairs.” Field interview administered.
2:30 p.m.: Information
▶ A 90-year-old female drove a Buick into a 
parked vehicle at Villa La Jolla Drive and Nobel 
Drive. Referred to other agency.
6:32 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A male was seen lying in front of the Warren 
Literature Building by the recording studio. 
Reporter said this has become a “chronic prob-
lem.” Unable to locate. 

Thursday, Nov. 18
7:53 a.m.: Petty theft
▶ A male transient, wearing a “red/black track suit,” 
was seen “taking trash bags from custodial cart” by 
Burger King in Price Center. Report taken.
3:44 p.m.: Medical aid
▶ A 19-year-old female who gave blood claimed 
to be feeling “light-headed, dizzy [and] like she 
is going to pass out.” Information only.
5:50 p.m.: Disturbance, vehicle
▶ A reporter in a white Mazda hatchback claims 
a person behind her with “road rage” followed 
her onto campus at Lot 303. Information only.

—  Compiled by Andrew Tieu
 Staff Writer

Plaintiffs Claimed that AB 540 Violated
Immigration Laws and Fourteenth Amendment
as a class action suit in 2005. According 
to the National Immigration Law Center, 
Arizona citizen Robert Martinez and 42 
other U.S. citizens said AB 540 infringed on 
their constitutional rights, since it allowed 
undocumented students privileges not 
accessible to some U.S. citizens.

The plaintiffs argued that the bill violated 
federal immigration laws that ban states 
from granting higher education benefits to 
undocumented students based on residency 
without providing the same privilege to non-
resident U.S. citizens. They also claimed 
that the state law violated rights of out-of-
state students under the 14th Amendment, 
which states that U.S.-born and naturalized 
citizens cannot be denied the privileges and 
immunities of U.S. citizens.

The  state Supreme Court rejected the 
plaintiffs’ arguments and ruled exemptions for 
out-of-state tuition as constitutional since it 
was not based on state residency, but on other 
requirements like high school attendance.

Under the bill, undocumented students 
must file an affidavit stating their intent to 
apply for legal residency as soon as they are 
eligible. Also, students cannot hold certain 
non-immigrant visas because — according to 
last year’s annual report on tuition exemptions 

in the UC system — this requirement limits 
eligibility to U.S. citizens, legal permanent 
residents, students with immigrant visas 

(including approved 
petitioners) and 
students with no legal 
immigration status. 

In 2008-09, about 
80 percent of the 
2,019 students who 
qualified for tuition 
exemptions in the 
UC system were 
U.S. citizens or legal 
residents. Since the 
law’s implementation 
in the UC system in 
2002, legal residents 
made up more than 
two-thirds of those 

benefiting from the law.
“The overwhelming majority of stu-

dents at UC who get the AB 540 exemp-
tion are actually U.S. citizens or legal 
residents and the other percentage [are] 
potentially undocumented,” Vázquez said. 

Readers can contact Regina Ip at rwip@ucsd.
edu.

▶ bill, from page 1

Students Also Protested Lack of  Diversity 
and Focus on Humanities, Social Sciences

“We held up different signs to show 
our presence — that we care and that we 
matter and that we are outraged about the fee 
increase,” Flores-Osorio said. 

He added that the protest was about more 
than the fee increase.  He said he and other 
students felt that the university does not 
place a significant importance on diversity, 
humanities or the social sciences. 

“We don’t see ourselves as represented,” 

Osorio said. “We wanted to show UCSD 
that we are here and that we are not satisfied 
with the overall general progress, with 
regard to diversity. There is a much greater 
emphasis on the physical and biological 
sciences, and the university does not 
prioritize the social sciences or humanities, 
or the access [to those] on campus.” 

Readers can contact Nisha Kurani at nkurani@
ucsd.edu.

▶ Protest, from page 2

the...majority 
of students at 
UC who get...
exemption[s] 
are actually 
U.S. citizens.”

ricardo Vasquez
UCOP SPOkESPErSOn



NEWS MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7 

•  Create a budget
•  Regularly review your 

spending and goals
•  Align spending with your 
values

•  Prioritize expenses
•  Separate needs from wants
•  Start a monthly savings plan
•  Make more than you spend
•  Plan for the unexpected
•  Maintain an emergency fund
•  Pay bills on time
•  Have only one credit card
•  Understand loan and credit 
terms

•  Pay oﬀ your debts quickly
•  Borrow from friends only if 
necessary

•  Never lend more than you can 
lose

•  Use online banking
•  Comparison shop online
•  Carefully research major 

purchases
•  Buy the generic brand
•  Get a piggy bank
•  Seek scholarships
•  Use coupons

Financial Aid Office 2010–2011

50
ways to live

fao.ucsd.edu

financially well.
•  Never carry a credit card 

balance
•  Find free entertainment
•  Buy in bulk
•  Make gifts and cards
•  Buy used clothes
•  Use public transportation
•  Get a roommate
•  Quit smoking
•  Sell your old stuﬀ
•  Don’t pay for cable
•  Pack your lunch
•  Stick to your shopping list
•  Try the generic brand
•  Grow a garden
•  Cook at home
•  Repurpose things
•  Go hiking for fun
•  Invite friends for potluck
•  Buy only used cars
•  Make your own decorations
•  Turn a hobby into income
•  Picnic at the park
•  Use fewer products
•  Skip the theater--rent from 

Redbox or Net�ix
•  Avoid ‘feel-good’ shopping
•  Recycle bottles and cans
•  For ﬁnancial education: try 
www.cashcourse.org/ucsd

•  What goes around comes 
around: leave tips

The job market is global.
Are you?

Peace Corps Info Session
Fri, Dec. 3rd.  10:00 - 11:30am
Career Services, Horizon Room
d1gomez@ucsd.edu
858.534.1336
www.peacecorps.gov/events

Tentative Agreement Expands Negotiating Roles 
and Improving Timeliness in Job Offer Notifications

According to the letter, the UC Board of Re-
gents received an increased total executive com-
pensation of $11.5 million this year and spent $2 
million last year on bottled water that could have 
been used for wages.

UAW recording secretary David Selby said 
members should appreciate what has already been 
passed.

“It’s a great contract and there is a difference 
of opinion on it,” Selby said. “But…the specific 
claims they make about more things we can gain, 
we’re getting things that other people aren’t getting 
right now. We’re actually getting a wage increase 
— small as it might be — other people are taking 
furloughs [and] that’s a massive cut and pay. The 
faculty took that before.”

In addition, the contract increases the total 
childcare reimbursement amount from $900 to 
$2,400 per year. The subsidy would be extended 
into the summer terms.

“[Childcare is a priority] because it’s a basic 
question of equity,” Larimore-Hall said. “We think 
childhood poverty is a serious issue in California 
and we want to make sure that the UC as an em-
ployer is part of the solution and not part of the 
problem. Also, many reports have shown that 
childcare responsibilities are a major factor in…
major academic careers.”

Selby — who worked as a teaching assistant for 
UCSD’s political science department and Revelle 
College for seven years  — also agreed.

“[The tentative agreement] is really wonderful 
for graduate students and academic student em-
ployees, especially in the increases for childcare 
subsidy which would make UCs more family-
friendly,” Selby said. “We think that’s something 
that’s actually going to pay off for both UC and 
workers specifically. We think that it’ll really help 
drive recruitment in a really smart way [and] keep 
UC at the forefront of family-friendly policies 
across the nation.”

Those who disagreed said they thought the  
increasing childcare reimbursements increase to 
$600 per quarter was inadequate because it does 
not match the estimated cost of $1,000 per month.

“We’re the only group in the nation, probably 
in the world, that gets this benefit and we tripled 
it,” Selby. “To belittle it and say ‘that’s nothing,’ tell 
that to the people actually claiming the benefits.”

In the tentative agreement, the union will also 
receive partial fee remission for non-resident tu-
ition that will increase along with possible tuition 
increases.

“For the first time in history, we have a partial 
tuition remission for nonresident tuition,” Lari-
more-Hall said. “That’s what the university system 
has been opposed to in the last decade of negotia-
tion. That’s a very big victory.”

The proposed contract also includes expanding 
the union’s role in negotiating health care benefits, 
maintaining compensation for union bargaining 
team members and improving timeliness of job 
offer notifications.

“We improved our appointment notification 
language,” Selby said. “That’s really important for 
members because we don’t get a job every quarter 
[so now] we know when we have a job beforehand 
— that’s a good thing that our members are happy 
about.”

If the union ratifies the contract, the terms will 
go into effect from the day of ratification to Sept. 
30, 2013. The union ratification process is expect-
ed to take several weeks. If the agreement is not 
approved, UAW and the UC system will have to 

renegotiate their terms.
“The reason we were 

able to win so many great 
things in this contract is 
that our members have 
been taking action, sign-
ing important public state-
ments, doing delegations 
to chancellors [and] stand-
ing up and demanding a 
fair contract,” Larimore-
Hall said. “And the results 
are really clear.”

The union filed an un-
fair labor practices suit in 
Spring Quarter 2010 to 
upgrade its contract. Ne-

gotiations then began at the end of June.
In June, more than 50 teaching assistants and 

tutors participated a grade-in (grading assign-
ments) at the stage in Price Center.

“It was to demonstrate that our working condi-
tions as academic employees are tied to the learn-
ing conditions of students.” Selby said. “It’s one of 
the other things we’re focused on is quality of edu-
cation at UCs and specifically doing the best we 
can to keep class size down.”

In addition, more than 600 UCSD members 
of 6,000 members statewide added their names to 
a report card that graded the UC system’s perfor-
mance in its core education values with regards to 
budget priorities.

The negotiated contract, which expired on 
Sept. 30, was extended to Dec. 4 to accommodate 
the ratification process.

According to Larimore-Hall, 2,000 of the 
union members attend UCSD. The average total 
compensation for teaching assistants working part 
time for nine months is about $28,500.

About 90 percent of funding for the salaries of 
student employees comes from general funds.

Readers can contact Regina Ip at rwip@ucsd.edu.

▶ union, from page 1

We’re the 
only group in 
the nation...
that gets this 
benefit and 
we tripled it.”

daVid selby
UaW rECOrdIng 

SECrEtary

“



out of context
Just another jaw-dropping, head-bashing-against-
the-wall moment for California. I expected no better. 
And of course, what do the illegal residents do when 
they graduate? We can’t hire them, right?

NormaN Walker
RESIDENT, SAN DIEGO

“
4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/oPINIoN

OpiniOn
ContaCt the editor: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

MoNDAY, NoVEMBER 22, 2010

Do you think fee               
increases are necessary? 

VOTE ONLINE.

√  Yes
√  No

When No
One Shaves,
Everyone Loses
Three things happen in November: seasons change, the birds fly south for the winter 
and men’s facial hair gets way out of 
hand. It’s the biggest phenomenon 
to sweep college guys since the bro-
mance: No-Shave November. 

During this month, men conve-
niently “misplace” their razors for the 
rest of the month, transforming into 
Tom Hanks in “Castaway.” 

But, those talented in growing 
facial hair often continue on to Don’t-
Shave December, Just-Don’t-Shave 
January and Forget-to-Shave February.

As a woman, I do not understand 
the pride that goes into growing facial 
hair. The logic probably goes like this: 
Only women and boys don’t have 
beards, so of course men want to prove 
they’re neither. You could all try vol-
unteering at an animal shelter instead. 
It’s just as hairy and will increase your 
chances of getting laid far more.

Still, there’s something special 
about watching men attempt to grow 
beards. Some get hobo beards, some 
get creepy stringy beards, and others 
have the ability to rock it like Clooney.

As No-Shave November seems 
to be celebration of masculinity (for 
while women create life, men create…
more hair) I was curious if this ritual 
was used to hook the ladies by show-
ing off their man-imal ways.

I couldn’t be more wrong.
Men go into No-Shave November 

knowing that it is a conscious deci-
sion that will inhibit their interactions 
with women. It’s a month dedicated to 
sacrificial brotherhood. The trade-off: 
An excuse to not shave for the longest 
period since they were prepubescent.

The only force strong and stubborn 
enough to break this bond of refusing 
to shave is “the girlfriend.” It’s under-
stood among men that if a buddy has 
a girlfriend, she’ll be first to say that 
the Hagrid look is has got to go if he 
expects to get within yards of her. 

Thanksgiving break also often 
results in an understandable buzz 
to the midnight shadow so Mom 
does not mistake her son for Zach 
Galifianakis (The guy from “The 
Hangover”…another option, ZZ Top?)

To me, it seems that this month is 
about laziness — because what better 
pact to make with your buddies than 
to forego personal hygiene? 

A few of my girlfriends voiced 
some excitement in participating in 
No-Shave November. Because really, 
if guys are going to boycott the razor, 
we should be allowed to too. But when 
I brought this up to one of my guy 
friends, he did not approve.

His stance is yet another example 
of the male double standard — claim-
ing that it’s acceptable for men to 
not shave, while it’s unacceptable for 
women to ditch the Gillette.

With these gender-biased com-
ments, No-Shave November could go 
from a display of manliness to a femi-
nist rebellion of societal pressures. 

So, in the name of equality, what 
if No-Shave November wasn’t just 
restricted to dudes who want to let 
themselves go for a month? What if 
no one decided to groom their dog, 
didn’t mow the lawn, and skipped 
those expensive waxing appointments? 
Everything would be an absolute mess 
by the time the month is over. So guys, 
consider picking your razors back up 
before the world gets as out of control 
as your beard. 

Status Update: 
It’s Complicated

MADElINE MANN
memann@ucsd.edu

Even as protesters march on UC San Francisco with signs decrying the University of 
California’s rapidly diminishing 
affordability, the California Supreme 
Court is doing its part to open the 
doors of the state’s public universities 
just a little bit wider.

Last Monday, seven justices 
unanimously upheld a bill that 
allows illegal immigrants living in 
California to pay in-state college 
tuition. The ruling is a reaction 
to a 2005 class-action suit called 
Martinez v. UC Regents in which the 
irate parents of out-of-state students 
sued the UC Office of the President, 
arguing that their children should 
not have to pay higher student fees 
than illegal immigrants. This back-
lash is unwarranted, because illegal 
immigrants already contribute to 
California society and will only be 
more of a boon when armed with a 
college education. 

The difference between out-
of-state and in-state tuition in 
California can be as high as $13,316 
at UCSD, in-state students pay 
$9,401 while out-of-state stu-
dents cough up $22,717. The 2001 
Education Code and Assembly Bill 
540 grants in-state tuition to all 
students who have had at least three 
years of high school education in 
California and obtained a GED or 
equivalent, regardless of their legal 
status. In the case of Martinez v. UC 
Regents, the court ruled that the code 
should continue applying to illegal 
immigrants, though it does not make 
students eligible to receive federal or 
state financial aid. 

Those opposed to the ruling 
claim that it’s a violation of the 1996 
Illegal Immigration Reform and 

Responsibility Act, which prohibits 
giving greater educational benefits to 
illegal immigrants than legal citizens. 

Though AB 540 may seem like a 
raw deal for those who don’t chip in 
on the state level but pay taxes to the 
federal government — a small por-
tion of which does come back to the 
university in the form of contracts 
and trickled-down state funds — the 
Martinez v. UC 
Regents case is 
based on more 
than just a dollar 
amount. Granting 
education access 
to illegal immi-
grants has histori-
cally been linked 
to the Fourteenth 
Amendment and 
issues of discrimi-
nation that make 
the necessity of 
such a law clear.

And it’s not 
like this is the first 
time the subject of 
illegal immigrants 
and education has come up; in the 
1982 case Plyler v. Doe, the Federal 
Supreme Court found that Texas 
education laws that withheld state 
funds for illegal immigrant chil-
dren were unconstitutional. These 
laws, it said, violated the Equal 
Protection Clause of the Fourteenth 
Amendment, because restricting the 
ability of undocumented minors to 
educate themselves would gradually 
form a caste-like system that left 
illegal immigrants at the bottom. 
The Federal Supreme Court hypoth-
esized that with no opportunities for 
upward mobility, the resulting social 
class of illiterate illegal immigrants 

would simply add to the growing 
rate of poverty.

The Martinez v. UC Regents case 
might seem like it just concerns a 
disparity in tuition prices — one 
offered to “illegal aliens” and one 
offered to “true Americans” (deroga-
tory phrases used in conjunction to 
the recent court ruling) — but there 
are greater constitutional issues at 

stake. 
Some argue that, 

since UC enroll-
ment is open to all 
qualifying students, 
there is no issue of 
discrimination. But a 
world-class education 
at a cutting-edge uni-
versity is just a pipe 
dream if it comes 
with a price tag that 
most of these lower-
income students are 
unable to accommo-
date. Offering them a 
$13,316 discount on a 
college education will 
put a decent educa-

tion within their price range. 
Additionally, those out-of-state 

parents who are comparing their 
own contribution to UC’s coffers 
favorably to that of illegal immi-
grants may have the wrong end of 
the stick. 

The reason that the University 
of California is so cheap for Golden 
State natives — comparatively speak-
ing, and for now, at least — is that 
our families have spent years chip-
ping in tax dollars that supports the 
state and, by proxy, our public uni-
versities. Detractors argue that since 
illegal immigrants dodge most of 
these taxes, they shouldn’t be able to 

go to the institution they have done 
nothing to support for the same 
price as those that have kept it afloat. 

But with the common excep-
tions of payroll taxes and corporate 
income taxes, illegal immigrants do 
pay, same as the rest of us. In 2008, 
illegal immigrants contributed an 
estimated $9 billion dollars in taxes 
to the state, despite the fact that they 
do not benefit from social programs 
like Social Security. Though illegal 
immigrants cost the state $10.5 
billion through education, health 
care,and incarceration, their huge 
contributions — monetary and 
otherwise —  cannot be overlooked. 
There is a reason for this misconcep-
tion; not all illegal immigrants pay 
taxes, but their financial contribu-
tions to this economy mean that they 
deserve the same education as the 
next taxpayer. 

Additionally, higher numbers 
of college graduates — an expected 
outcome of allowing students to pay 
$11,285 instead of $34,164 — will 
only help California’s economy in the 
long run. 

Every 30,000 students that earn 
a bachelor’s degree add $20 billion 
dollars to the state economy, increase 
state and local tax revenue by $1.2 
billion a year, and bring about 
the creation of 174,000 new jobs. 
According to CSU Stanislaus, for 
every dollar invested in a California 
State University student, the student 
ultimately returns $4.62 to the state 
economy by being an asset to society. 
The potential economic boom that 
these new college students can pro-
vide is a long term benefit that can-
not be overlooked. 

ONE LESS 
ROADBLOCK

Ruilng that illegal immigRants qualify foR in-state
 education is stiRRing up contRoveRsy, but eveRyone deseRves a 

chance at upwaRd mobility. By Margaret yau 

See tuition, page 6

A world-class 
education at a 
cutting-edge 
university is just 
a pipe dream if it 
comes with a price 
tag that most of 
these lower 
income students 
are unable to 
accomodate.

illustRation by Kim Cyprian/Guardian



oPINIoN MoNDAY, NoVEMBER 22, 2010 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

AnImAl InStInCtS By Kim Cyprian LETTER TO THE EDITOR

Dear Editor,
Your Nov. 13 editorial, “When You 

Leave it All Online, Quality is the First 
to Go,” really struck a chord with me 
as an older returning-to-college stu-
dent who is not only enrolled full-time 
at UCSD, but is also a mother of two 
children, and a wife who also hap-
pens to work a 40-hour week Monday 
through Friday. Attitudes such as that 
of your Op-Ed department are what 
dissuade many older adults in similar 
life situations from making an attempt 
to return or begin college classes with 
the aspiration of completing an under-
graduate degree. I also know many 
friends and colleagues who chose to 
obtain their degrees via less traditional 
methods, including online.

While every person should be 
afforded the opportunity to go to col-
lege, the reality is that for every high 
school graduate who goes to college, 
there are several more who are faced 
with a full-time job and putting college 
on the backburner. The attitude that 
quality is measured by how much face 
time spent in a classroom is almost 
elitist and ignores a prevalent and 
unfortunate trend that already occurs 
in classrooms across UCSD.  I have 
witnessed enough classmates since I 
transferred last winter who sat through 
entire lectures texting blatantly in 
front of the professors, holding con-
versations with other students and of 
course, checking their Facebook pages. 
So, it seems that the quality of educa-
tion one receives should not only be 
measured by whether or not the class 
was online or in person, but rather, 
to what extent do those students take 
advantage of the time they have with 
their educators. That seems to be the 
greatest difference and common mis-
understanding that perhaps younger 
college students fail to recognize. 

Adults who return to college online 
or in person, generally return for the 
sole purpose of obtaining a degree and 
little else. Online classes make it more 
convenient to reach those goals while 
taking care of families.

Without online classes, which you 
believe are of lesser value than classes 
“in person,” I could not have possibly 
dreamt of transferring to UCSD, or 
any university for that matter, in a 
timely manner. There are more rea-
sons than saving gas and rent that one 
chooses to go the online route.

Furthermore, while you may 
vaguely remember a time without 
iPods, with the advent of such technol-
ogy, it has given the possibility of an 
effective, high-quality online educa-
tion community more possible than 
perhaps even five years ago. There are 
many classes across the country being 
taught via a mixed-media approach in 
which classes are sometimes taped or 
podcasted, and hybrid classes which 
feature both online and in person 
platforms are also prevalent. In the 
case of UCSD, I know for a fact that 
this quarter marked the beginning of a 
pilot program in the CSE department 
in which the professor was essentially 
being broadcast to other classrooms 
without physcially being there. For 
all of the fee hikes and increases stu-
dents experience on a quarterly basis, 
shouldn’t we be up in arms over this 
reduced quality in the way our educa-
tion is being presented? I don’t know 
about you, but if I’m going to be in 
a class listening to a lecture, I sure as 
hell wouldn’t want that lecture being 
broadcast over a projector.

Furthermore, one does not neces-
sarily need to graduate from what you 
describe as a university of higher cali-
ber to obtain quality positions in one’s 
field. I think that we need to really 
reassess the way in which we perceive 
the various means of obtaining educa-

Online Classes Provide Quality 
Education for Working Students 

Upholding the Law is Upholding the D.R.E.A.M.

See Letter, page 6

Providing illegal immigrants 
with college educations is the 
first step in them receiving jobs 
and helping the economy. The 
D.R.E.A.M. Act, a piece of pro-
posed federal legislation, will allow 
undocumented high school gradates 
to apply for conditional permanent 
residency — provided that they 
arrived in the U.S. as minors, lived 
here for at least five years, and are 
of good moral character. If, in the 
next six years, they enroll in and 
complete two years of college edu-
cation or enlist in the military, they 
will be eligible for citizenship. The 
result of Martinez v. UC Regents 
coupled with the potential enact-
ment of the D.R.E.A.M. Act will 

play an essential role in giving ille-
gal immigrants the rights they fled 
to the United States to receive.

One inadvertent potential result 
of this ruling will, unfortunately, 
be a continued financial burden on 
the UC system. Many will claim 
that upholding this state educa-
tion code will continue to hurt 
California’s economy, because for 
every illegal immigrant who pays 
in-state tuition, the state loses out 
on $13,316 in increased revenue. 
But Martinez v. UC Regents only 
upholds the status quo, it doesn’t 
take away money that was previ-
ously being funneled into the UC 
endowment. Still, with students still 
reeling from news that the UC sys-
tem has raised tuition by 8 percent 
for the top 45 percent of the income 

bracket, fee hikes are likely going 
to be incorrectly attributed to this 
court ruling. More lawsuits from 
irate parents are sure pop up in the 
near future. 

The California Supreme Court 
did right by future generations 
when it presented a unanimous 
front on this controversial subject. 
The appeals process means that 
this case will likely travel up to 
the United States Supreme Court; 
right-wing conservatives, indignant 
out-of-state parents and illegal 
immigrants alike will be waiting 
anxiously to see if the big nine will 
put this xenophobic backlash to rest 
for good.

Readers can contact Margaret Yau at 
m1yau@ucsd.edu.

▶ tuition, from page 5



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MoNDAY, NoVEMBER 22, 2010 oPINIoN

Every year, UCSD graduates choose the PharmDProgram at the University of Michigan College of Pharmacy. In fact, nearly 20 percent of our
PharmD enrollment is comprised of alumni from

California universities. 

What accounts for Michigan’s popularity among

Golden Staters? First, we are consistently ranked among

America’s top pharmacy schools. Secondly, we consider 

a lot more than GPA and PCAT scores when evaluating

your application.

Earn your bachelor’s degree at UCSD, and then earn

your PharmD at U-M. That’s what many UCSD students

do every year.

To learn more about the PharmD Program at

Michigan, visit our Web site at www.umich.edu/~pharmacy.

Or contact the College of Pharmacy at 734-764-7312

(mich.pharm.admissions@umich.edu).

Your future never looked brighter.

Meet some alumni of
California universities
who recently enrolled
as University of
Michigan PharmD 
students.

Look no further than 
the University of Michigan.

Still looking for a reason to make Michigan your pharmacy
school? Consider these:
1. Financial support unequalled by any other U.S. pharmacy

school.

2. Outstanding pay.

3. Job security in economically uncertain times.

4. Unlimited opportunities to improve people’s lives.

5. Unparalleled career choices.

6. Continuous growth potential.

7. Life and career mobility.

8. The prestige of owning a degree from one of America’s 
top-ranked pharmacy schools.

9. Membership in an influential alumni network spanning 
the globe.

10. The power to apply medical knowledge at the forefront of
technological innovation.

11. Small class size to maximize individualized educational 
experiences.

12. One-to-one learning with world-renowned faculty.

Looking for a great pharmacy school?

QUICKTAKES

Mars isn’t just for aliens anymore. Sending astro-
nauts to Mars for good is a smart idea that would 
speed colonization time and reduce the cost involved. 

With all this talk of global warming and the ever-
popular 2012 doomsday scenario, it makes complete 
sense to think about realistic possibilities of survival. 
Permanently sending aging astronauts to Mars would  
be a sign of progress and show a dedication towards 
the possibility of escaping earth’s dangers by leaving it 
altogether. 

Sending away colonizers is not a new idea; explor-
ers have been on similar missions since the beginning 
of time — early settlers left Europe for the sake of a 
permanent future in the U.S. As a society, we need 
to use our technological advancements to push our 
boundaries and spark innovative spirit. Space explora-
tion doesn’t have to take a nose dive right after the 
first man makes it on the moon. 

Most importantly, sending these astronauts away 
is worth it since living on Mars is actually a realistic 
possibility. The atmosphere closely resembles that of 
Earth and there are water, carbon dioxide, and min-
eral sources. Money is the only thing that is stopping 
us from taking full advantage of these resources. By 
sending astronauts one way, we will save money in the 
long run and make the project more feasible. 

It may seem crazy to permanently send people to 
Mars, but sometimes it takes a few brave men to make 
giant leaps for mankind. 

— Revathy Sampath-Kumar
Staff Writer

One Way Ticket to Mars

The Red Planet: No trees, no water, high 
radiation levels and — hell, there’s hardly even an 
atmosphere to speak of. It doesn’t sound like any-
where anyone would want to live for the remain-
der of his life, and yet for some reason, some sci-
entists are proposing we whip out our checkbooks 
and send astronauts on a one-way mission to Mars 
for the sci-fi goal of colonization.

Those arguing in favor of the cheaper one-way 
mission forget there is no Martian agriculture and 
a settlement there is not self-sustaining. Though 
scientists claim that foregoing a return journey 
will reduce costs, the long-term costs of send-
ing supplies up to Mars will add up. The mission 
is only one-way if we forget about all the other 
“ways” we need to get food and supplies to the 
people. If we can barely fund the International 
Space Station, there’s no chance we can drop mil-
lions to keep the astronauts alive for the rest of 
their lives.

The thought of being the first to settle on that 
giant floating red rock might be exhilarating to 
some, and even badass. But in reality, it comes 
down to eating food from tin cans. And if you 
think your chances of getting laid on Earth are 
bad, just wait until you get to Mars. Since there’s 
no return trip, your reward for living this ascetic 
life is a lonely death millions of miles from your 
family.

— Saad Asad
Contributing Writer

Scientists Dirk Schulze-Makuch and Paul Davies 
have brought the attitudes of long-ago pilgrims into 
the space age. The two have suggested that astronauts 
traveling to Mars in a proposed colonization program 
should do so with the same mindset that settlers had 
when making their way to America — they should 
leave their homes without expecting to return. While 
the idea has stirred up controversy among space 
enthusiasts globally, it’s fairly premature to get worked 
up over this when N.A.S.A. is still having trouble mak-
ing its way to being a financially stable enterprise.

N.A.S.A. has bigger issues on its plate right now 
than whether a group of aging astronauts on a trip 
to Mars should be allowed back. In 2008, Congress 
announced that two-thirds of N.A.S.A.’s major new 
programs were over budget, a fact that has nearly dis-
mantled a Mars Rover project. When the government 
proposed a 2011 budget for N.A.S.A., huge changes 
were suggested. Though N.A.S.A. has been a major 
pioneer in space exploration, its business management 
is open to problems like fraud and mismanagement. 
Given its current problems, a Mars colonization effort 
is beyond the realm of possibility right now; instead, 
the NASA should focus on keeping its current pro-
grams on track and under budget.

Putting the mission to Mars on the back burner is 
the best solution. This one-way trip to Mars, however 
ambitious, is the least of N.A.S.A.’s worries. It may well 
happen eventually, but let’s sit tight until then. 

— Arik Burakovsky
Staff Writer

Only Way to Be Pioneers is to Take the LeapWith Empty Wallet, Mars is Last Priority We Can’t Afford to Send a Death Capsule

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be no longer than 500 words, 
typed, double-spaced and signed with a name and 
applicable title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit for length and 
clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of the Student Center or 
e-mailed. Send all letters to:

The UCSD Guardian
Opinion Editor

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

tion and understand that this is not 
a black-and-white issue in which 
so-called vocational schools are per-
ceived as being of lower quality than 
places like UCSD. The reality is, there 
are certain occupations that require 
four-year degrees and it may matter 
where you went to school. But, you 
don’t need your diploma to say UCSD 
in order to find a good job or make 
something of yourself.

Instead of supporting a plan that 
will make UCSD’s education more 
accessible to a greater number of 
people, you managed to make UCSD 
sound more elitist and less attain-
able to those who have aspirations to 
attend but would be unable to due to 
reasons you may or may not under-
stand yet. For as great as UCSD seems, 
this institution would be just as good 
as any to find a way to make online 
learning more valuable and meaning-
ful than it already is for the millions 
of working adults that graduate from 
those proverbial hallowed halls.

 — Alyssa Magat Crutchfield
Senior, Transfer Student

▶ Letter, from page 5



 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 8

FOCUS
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010

ContaCt the editor: focus@ucsdguardian.org

www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/fOCUS

80,000
The number of people who attended the Nov. 13 
match between FC Barcelona and Villarreal, in 
Barcelona, Spain. “

OVERHEARD

I got to meet Chancellor 
Fox! She’s really old.”

9:56 a.m.
WARREN LECTURE  HALL

www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/fOCUS

oN the right track
It’s the pinnacle of professordom: After years of inat-tentive student audiences and pressure for results, a teacher  is finally rewarded with the promise of financial security in the form of the all-powerful, 
all-coveted tenure. 

But the title has its ups and downs. Over the past 
few years, tenure has come under fire — in the newly 
released documentary “Waiting for Superman.” direc-
tor Davis Guggenheim points fingers at tenure’s abil-
ity to allow bad teachers to remain in positions they 
shouldn’t be in, which he contends will erode the 
quality of education. Others counter with the argu-
ment that tenure provides job security in academia 
and allows professors to express controversial, 
groundbreaking views. 

Tenure is a lifetime appointment, where a 
professor cannot be removed from his position 
unless he resigns or is dismissed under extraor-
dinary (and most likely illegal) circumstances. 
Most recently, UCSD attracted national atten-
tion when the tenure of visual arts profes-
sor Ricardo Dominguez was threatened 
due to his side projects, which included 
building an application that aided illegal 
immigrants trying to cross the border, 
and overloading the UC website with 
messages about the system’s lack of 
transparency. 

At UCSD, the tenured pay may be cush, but getting there 
isn’t; the process of hiring professors is yearlong, and the 
tenure track could take another five years. To achieve ten-
ure, candidates are recruited and their files reviewed by 
academic personnel. The Academic Senate then evaluates 
the files, researches the candidates and makes a recom-
mendation to the Senior Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs, who then identifies and invites approximately 
five candidates to come in for interviews with the 
entire faculty. 

Once hired, assistant-level professors have eight 
years to start doing research, with the potential 
to advance to an associate professorship (tenure-
track) and eventually full professorship (tenure). 
Tenure and tenure-track professors are funded by 
the state — an arrangement that offers more job 
security because they don’t need to depend on 
private grants — while all others are funded 
temporarily or through grants.

Professors are reviewed every one, three 
and five years on the basis of their research, 
community service and their teaching; the 
five-year mark is usually the first bench-
mark for being considered for tenure.

In order to get tenure, “You really have 
to prove that you are worthy of an advance-

BY ZoË SophoS • AssociAte focus editor  //   iLLustrAtioN by rebekah hwang

See track, page 9

Taking a closer look aT The 
Uc TenUre sysTem — how 
iT’s helping and hUrTing 

The qUaliTy of Ucsd’s 
edUcaTion.

AssociAte Lecturer 

2009 DepartmeNt salaries
AssociAte Professor Professor  

Social Sciences

Engineering

Humanities

Fine Arts

Science

Math

$56,636

$58,252

$43,404

$61,438

$98,447

$20,663

$96,082

$110,828

$71,492

$66,137

$116,222

$94,743

$167,316

$178,067

$109,908

$83,057

$237,153

$151,617

* based on the Sacramento Bee



fOCUS MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

If you’re not a rock climbing enthusiast, recent box office 
smash “127 Hours” may have you even less enthused about a 
foray into the world of sharp, jagged rocks. Luckily, the Mesa 
Rim Climbing and Fitness center has the 52 feet and high-
stakes adrenaline of “Southern California’s Largest Indoor 
Climbing Gym,” minus the part where you saw your arm off 
after a 900-pound boulder crushes it beneath you.

A $17 day pass will give you access to Mesa Rim’s 30,000 
square feet of climbing terrain and a free class with teachers 
from Kaya Yoga, a studio inside the gym. Located a 14-min-
ute drive from campus, Mesa is immaculate — there’s no 
sweat-stained harnesses or scuffed floors here. The floor 
under the climbing portion is padded, while marble, wood 
and slate floors cover the rest of Mesa’s expansive ground. 
The place is eco-conscious too, and uses chalk balls instead 
of chalk dust to reduce the amount of chalk that ends up 
airborne.

For those coming in sans equipment, separate (low) prices 
are set for each item. Employees are quick to assist burgeon-
ing climbers with harnesses or grips via a $30 non-member 
belay lesson (a quick how-to for newcomers) or the more 
complex lead-climbing lesson for those feeling a little more 
confident in their skill level. 

The routes range from 5.5 (the easiest route) to 5.14d 
(think Spiderman hanging from treacherous heights — these 
are some of the hardest routes in the world), pandering to all 
skill and experience levels. 

If that’s not exciting enough for you, Mesa also has crack 
climbing where daredevils can scale multiple crevices of 
varying widths, using just fingers or a forearm to test upper 
body stamina. 

Boulderers can also take advantage of the gym’s “walk off 
climbing”, which lets participants hoist themselves up over 
the structure and go down a short flight of stairs, instead of 

dropping down off of the wall.
There’s also chimneys for the people looking to climb 

something resembling an elongated door frame, with walls 
on two sides of you, without holds and a bouldering cave that 
lets people climb without a rope at a much smaller height. 
The cave has one straight wall and another curved one that 
extends for 100 feet and complexity from VB (easy) to V13d 
(hard). 

But Mesa isn’t just about climbing — there’s a separate 
room for hosting parties, a regular gym with a squishy-
chaired, WiFi-equipped lounge area (complete with a kid’s 
section), an empty office space that will soon be converted 
to a space for an in-house chiropractor and masseuse and a 
kid’s climbing wall (with animal and face-shaped wall holds). 
If you’re hungry, the retail shop at the front of the gym has 
healthy snacks (read: powerbars) — if all else fails, it’s only 
a five-minute walk to Mira Mesa blvd.  And did we mention 
there’s a sauna inside the locker rooms and bathrooms?

There are drawbacks to Mesa’s expansive size — for one, 
$17 dollars is pretty steep for a day at a climbing gym, and it’s 
hard to break into the climbing “scene” as a beginner in such 
a large, overwhelming atmosphere. First-timers may want to 
start out in a smaller locale.

A little advice: If you find yourself smitten with the rocky 
highs and lows, drop some cash on your own shoe and har-
ness set. It’s worth avoiding the disgusting bowling alley feel 
on your feet. 

Mesa Rim Climbing and Fitness Center is open Monday, 
Wednesday and Friday from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m., Tuesday and 
Thursday from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. and weekends from 9 a.m. 
to 9 p.m.

— amy klova
Contributing writer

mesa rim: Hanging around 10110 Mesa rim road san diego, cA 92121(858)348-4593
SI

TE
SE

EN

Studying abroad is meant to be a time of explora-
tion — something that, sadly, I have largely avoided 
for the last two months — so last week I decided to 
go to a fútbol (soccer) game. I’ve never been before, 
but with Spain as the reigning World Cup champ, it 
seemed only logical to have my first authentic futbol 
experience while in a country that lives and breathes 
the sport.

I am not a sports fan. Before my trip to the Camp 
Nou stadium, I had never attended any kind of sport-
ing event that didn’t involve garlic fries, and I didn’t 
really have any expectations. I watched just enough of 

the World Cup this summer to know that soccer games 
generally involve a lot of players rolling on the ground, 
clutching a knee or an ankle with a pained expression 
(if pressed, maybe I could even rattle off a name or two 
that isn’t Beckham), but that was pretty much it.

So when, by chance, I ran into a classmate who 
offered me a free ticket to the FC Barcelona-Villarreal 
futbol game with only a couple of hours to prepare, I 
realized I didn’t know anything about the nuances of 
being a spectator. Would the color of my sweater be an 
accidental offense? Would I have to sing the Spanish 
national anthem before the game? Would there be 
snacks? 

One fact I picked up quickly is that watching fut-
bol here isn’t altogether that different from watching 
American football, or baseball, or hockey, but with one 
glaring exception: There’s beer, but only of the non-
alcoholic (or otherwise smuggled) variety. While this 
late discovery certainly accounted for a discouraging 
start to the game, I wasn’t about to let my sobriety get 
in the way of a free ticket.   

Anyway, the game. I’d been told that I wouldn’t play 
witness to the best of FC Barcelona in all its glory, since 
they were playing Villarreal, rather than rival team 
Real Madrid. But that couldn’t have mattered less. I 
squinted down from the nosebleed section, miles away 
from the pitch. I took my cues from the red- and- blue-
clad Barcelona fans in front of me and cheered excit-
edly when they did. And — pardon my rusty So Cal 
vernacular — it was fucking awesome.

It’s said that futbol, certainly more than 
Catholicism, is the religion here. And it’s true: Even 
for someone as lacking in knowledge and devotion 
as me, going to a game clearly isn’t just an excuse 
to get drunk in public and heckle the more hapless 
players. For comparison, last Sunday, the pope him-
self came to Barcelona and there was just enough 
fanfare for Sagrada Familia to trend on Google 
News. One FC Barcelona match — not even against 
a top-tier rival — gets the kind of coverage that 
Benedict XVI can only pray for. 

The game took place at Camp Nou — a massive 
stadium owned by FC Barcelona, built in 1954 and 
located in the heart of the city — which can seat up 
to 99,354 rabid futbol fans at any given time. That 
night, the stadium wasn’t quite so packed; the game 
probably drew a half-capacity crowd, with thou-
sands decked in either a jersey of choice or (prob-
ably more likely) tourist garb, as I certainly wasn’t 
the only exchange student in attendance.

Unlike America, where you get a hodgepodge of 
supporters in any given section of the stands, fans 
are obligated to sit next to other fans supporting the 
same team (even without real beer, I suspect there’d 
be a strong possibility of mid-game brawls). 

It wasn’t long after I settled in to the top of the 
stadium with my fellow Barcelona supporters that 
David Villa of Barcelona scored the first goal, 21 
minutes into the game. My side of the stadium 
erupted into a level of excitement that I normally 
associate with nothing less than a Super Bowl vic-
tory: People cheered, hugged, climbed over one 
another, spilled non-alcoholic beer with abandon 
and cried. The jubilation didn’t last long, though 
— the Brazilian Nilmar, from Villarreal, scored five 
minutes later and tied up the first half of the game, 
banking a shot off the far post just past the charging 
keeper (he was aptly cocky afterwards; we booed 
him). Luckily for us, Lionel Messi was on the pitch 
and dominated the second half of the game.

At first I was a little skeptical — what’s a sport-
ing experience without a pint in hand? — but by 
the time FC Barcelona’s star forward Messi scored 
his second goal in the 83rd minute of the game, 
(another quick lesson from that night: He’s, uh, 
pretty important), it wasn’t obligation, feigned joy 
or even the example of the rows ahead that brought 
me to my feet. Instead, it was the actual excitement 
of the moment: Of feeling, despite my nationality 
and curious accent, a swelling of pride for this place 
that’s started to become my home.  

After the World 
Cup, Fútbol Fever 
Goes On

Cox in 
Translation
TREvoR Cox
t2cox@ucsd.edu

ment,” said Jon Welch, a UCSD administrator 
in the Academic Personnel Office. 

The tenure process evaluates professors 
at the department level, the division level 
and the university level based on the three 
criteria mentioned above: Have the professors 
published research in respected, high-profile 
journals with extensive readership? Do they 
represent the university well as a member of 
the campus, city, national and international 
communities? Does the success of their stu-
dents reflect exceptional teaching?

Staff at UCSD are required to teach about 
three courses per year, depending on the 
department, but there is no predetermined 
number for how much or how often professors 
must publish.

“It’s an ongoing thing where you are teach-
ing and doing research at the same time,” 
Welch said. “Research takes some time — they 
don’t pump out articles once a year.”

Professors must apply to organizations 
outside of the UC system to fund their 
research. The UCSD tenure track requires 
that all professors’ bids for grants are approved 
by UCSD’s Independent Review Committee. 

According to UCSD’s website, the IRC — 
the principal advisory group to the Chancellor 
— reviews professors’ proposed research 
projects in order to “establish mechanisms 
to eliminate, reduce, or manage conflicts 

of interest, if possible and to safeguard the 
interests of the University and the individual 
principal investigator.”

Professors are prohibited from having any 
significant financial 
interest in the compa-
ny for which they are 
conducting research 
and from allow-
ing their research to 
inhibit their work at 
the university — these 
mandates empha-
size that a professor’s 
teaching comes first.

And compared 
to private schools 
like Yale University, 
UCSD’s standards for 
tenure are harsh. In 
2007, according to the 
Chronicle of Higher 
Education, Yale’s ten-

ure policy underwent revision. Before the 
policy revamp, tenured professors would 
either have to retire, leave or die for a posi-
tion to open up for non-tenured faculty. Post 
2007, Yale has taken a much more active 
role in the progression of its junior faculty’s 
careers. By the end of each junior faculty 
member’s eighth year, at the latest, he would 
have begun his tenure track. At fellow Ivies 

Princeton and Cornell, the process begins 
two years sooner. 

Additionally, there is a notable difference 
in the number of faculty tenured within each 
department and large gaps in pay between the 
arts and sciences at UCSD.

According to data from the Sacramento 
Bee, lecturers in the fine arts department earn 
far less than those teaching sciences or math-
ematics, a disconnect that carries over into the 
higher rungs of academia — associate profes-
sors and professors in the sciences are paid far 
better than those in humanities or fine arts. 

In 2004, according to the Division of 
Social Sciences, out of a total of 682 tenured 
faculty members, the number of tenured life 
science (biology, agriculture, etc.) professors 
was 49, while 67 professors in the fine art 
department had tenure. UCSD tenures more 
arts-related faculty, but pays them less than 
the science professors. 

 At UCSD, an exceptionally rigorous 
tenure process has made it difficult for bad 
professors to sneak through the cracks, but 
the tradeoff is that it’s harder — when com-
pared with Ivy League schools like Yale and 
Princeton Universities — to attract young 
staff without the promise of a tenured posi-
tion in the near future. 

Readers can contact Zoë Sophos at zsophos@
ucsd.edu.

Erik robErts/GuardiaN

UCSD’s Tenure System is More Rigorous than at Ivy League Schools
▶ track, from page 8

“Research 
takes some 
time — they 
don’t pump 
out articles 
once a year.”

Jon Welch
ACAdEmiC 

pERsoNNEL offiCE



SPORTS MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

3:47.97, respectively. 
Freshman Anji Shakya was on the qualifying 

medley team. She went on to place 16th in the 
500 freestyle with a time of 4:58.89 — 13 seconds 
faster than her previous personal record. The 
men’s relay teams took seventh in the 200 free, 
with a time of 1:23.10, and sixth overall in the 
400 medley, with a time of 3:20.28.

On the second day of competition, freshman 
Nick Korth scored a sixth-place finish in the 100 
breast stroke while junior Griffin Bracke fin-
ished eighth in the same event. Korth also took 
the Tritons’ best finish of the tournament when 
he placed third in the 200 breast stroke with a 
school record time of 1:59.32 — nearly three sec-
onds faster than the previous record. Bracke also 
placed sixth in the same race. Both swimmers hit 
NCAA qualifying times with their efforts. 

NCAA champion and junior captain Alex 
Henley took ninth overall with a time of 4:18.90, 
which also qualifies her for the NCAA tourna-
ment at the end of year.

On the third day, junior Matt Herman broke 
the school’s longest standing swim record, finish-
ing the 1650 free in 15:29 to best Dave Sacco’s 
1988 time of 15:38. 

The Tritons now have a break in their sched-
ule, and will rest for a few days before resuming 
their rigorous training. 

“When we come back after Thanksgiving 
we’re going to start training hard,” McGihon said. 
“The Sunday after finals we have our training 
camp, where we go for six to seven hours a day 
for two weeks. The athletes must be prepared 
physically and mentally because they are prob-
ably going to break down.”

The Tritons return to action on Jan. 8, in a 
duel meet against Loyola Marymount University 
at Canyonview Pool.

Readers can contact Tyler Nelson at tcnelson@
ucsd.edu.

Several Tritons Record 
NCAA Qualifying 
Times Against Top 
Competition
▶ swimming, from page 15

Tritons Bested at WWPA Tourney

By Hanna Rahimi
Staff Writer

The UCSD Men’s Water Polo had a disap-
pointing weekend at the Western Water Polo 
Association Championships, as the team beat 
Pomona-Pitzer 11-8 only to be defeated by 
UC Davis and host Santa Clara University.

Friday’s victory over Pomona-Pitzer 
brought the Tritons into the WWPA semi-
finals. The team started strong with goals 
from John Butler, Jakub Bednarek and Brian 
Donohoe bringing the score to 3-1 for the 
second quarter. The Tritons continued to 
dominate and led by five at halftime. 

“We came out and played really well, tried 
to make a statement early,” sophomore util-
ity Brian Donohoe said. “The 6 on 5 helped 
but we played average [on the advantage]. 
We worked the ball really well and had good 
defense, but we haven’t capitalized on our 
shooting.”

In the second half, the Sagehens attempted 

a comeback, but could not close the defecit 
despite outscoring the Tritons. 

The match saw four goals from senior 
driver Ryan Allred and three from junior 
driver Graham Saber. Donohoe, leading goal-
scorer for UCSD this year with 42 goals, got 
two goals on Friday, and Bednarek and Butler 
each contributed a goal. Junior goalkeeper 
David Morton recorded seven saves.

“The other guys on the team have just 
done an awesome job of blocking me in 
shooting situations,” Donohoe said. “I get a 
lot of my goals on man-up situation and those 
situations are drawn from other guys on the 
team. We’ve got over five guys within 10 goals 
of each other so there is a lot more balance 
this year…I can’t, as one person, take credit.”

Saturday’s game with Davis was a tough 
10-6 loss for the Tritons, with the Aggies beat-
ing UCSD for the third time this year. Saber 
had three goals and Butler added a pair, but 
it was not enough as the Tritons allowed four 
goals in the fourth quarter.

“The season isn’t over yet, we do have 
another game and we really owe it to ourselves 
to play well, better than today,” Donohoe said. 
“No one is really happy about the way we 
played against Davis so tomorrow [Sunday] 
is a chance for us to salvage what we can out 
of the season.”

But the Tritons could not come out on top 
in Sunday’s third place match against Santa 
Clara, as the Broncos earned a narrow 7-6 
win. The Tritons went into halftime down 
5-1, but were unable to complete the come-
back. Six different Tritons scored, and Morton 
recorded 8 saves.

Loyola Marymount University won the 
WWPA championship for the fourth straight 
year. Since 2000, no team other than LMU 
and UCSD have taken home a WWPA title. 

The Tritons went to 13-13 on the season 
after the tournament. 

Readers can contact Hanna Rahimi at   
hrahimi@ucsd.edu.

NolaN Thomas/Guardian File
Senior driver Ryan Allred and the Tritons were unable to reach the WWPA final after losing to UC Davis, then lost to Santa Clara in the consolation game in Sunday.



12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 SPORTS

Take Advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension's 
Complimentary Enrollment

Undergrads
To pick up your vouchers, have 
your student ID card and go to 
UC San Diego Extension Student 
Services Center, Building C.

Graduate students 
and medical students 
please contact OGSR and the 
School of Medicine for their 
complimentary vouchers.

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

*Some restrictions apply, call (858) 534-3400

For information, call (858) 534-3400 
or visit Extension Student Services Building C

Complimentary Enrollment  
for Winter Quarter 2011

November 29—December 3, 2010

Receive a complimentary Extension course* up to $300 
(students must pay anything over amount)

Limited number of vouchers available 
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)

The Extension Winter 2011 catalog is available online at 
extension.ucsd.edu. Go online, pick the class you want, then 
register at the Extension Student Services Center, Building C.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* History of Jazz: A Cultural and 
Musical Exoploration  * Introduction to 
Photography in the Digital Age * Singing 
I * Introduction to Acting * FOREIGN 
LANGUAGES *In Review: Spanish I or 
II * Japanese for Communication I * 
HUMANITIES & WRITING * Creative 

Writing I * Copyediting I * Writing for 
the Web * DIGITAL ARTS * Digital 
Media * Emerging Media for Creatives 
* Dreamweaver I * BUSINESS * Project 
Management Essentials * Introduction to 
Business *  Finance Management * Data 
Mining for Business Applications * PUBLIC 
SERVICE & SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

* Introduction to Sustainability * Urban 
Planning and Development Processes 
and Functions  * LIFE SCIENCES * Cell 
and Molecular Biology * Planning and 
Policies for Sustainable Development * 
PERL for Bioinformatics * Introduction 
to Pharmacology * INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY * Introduction to Statistics *

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.



 10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 SPORTS

Why Advertise in
the Guardian?

60,000 eyes & other good reasons.

Call 858-534-3467 to reserve your spot!

HOLIDAY ISSUE ON STANDS 12/2

ucsdguardian.org

CALL
 NOW

FOR S
PECIA

L

PRICI
NG!

2 ISS
UES

LEFT
 THIS

QUAR
TER!

to beat Falcon goalkeeper Maddie 
Dickinson and put the Tritons up 
1-0.

With 17 minutes remaining in 
the match, the Falcons switched 
up their formation to add an extra 
attacker in an attempt to equalize. 
In the 74th minute Falcon forward 
Kellie Zakrzewski found herself 
one versus one with junior goal-
keeper Kristin Armstrong, who was 
able to deny the shot.  

“I knew it was going to be 
a really tight game, so I had to 
keep a clean sheet for my team,” 
Armstrong said. “It’s really tough 
to come back from behind in a 
playoff game, and I don’t want to 
take any chances this late in the 
postseason. I knew that I could 
not let the attacker equalize. I ran 
out, set myself into position, made 
myself as big as possible and also 
got kind of lucky that [Zakrzewski] 
hit my knee.”

The keeper was called on four 
times throughout the game, deny-
ing two Falcon forwards in one ver-
sus one opportunities and collect-
ing her 14th shutout of the season. 

 The Tritons utilized 19 out 
of their 20 available members in 
the match against Seattle Pacific. 
Senior captain Lisa Bradley said it 
took every one of those players to 
get the win.

“The players that came off the 
bench really contributed to the 
game; they were able to step in 
and immediately impact the game 
which is really hard to do,” Bradley 
said. “All of them brought more 
energy and created chances.”

The win moved the Tritons into 
the quarterfinals, where they faced 
the eighth-ranked St. Edward’s 
Hilltoppers on Nov. 20 at the 
Hilltoppers’ home field in Austin, 
Texas.

UCSD was unfazed by the over-
whelming support for St. Edward’s, 

as the Tritons netted what turned 
out to be the game-winner early 
in the match. In the 22nd min-
ute, sophomore defender Hayley 
Johnson lined up to take one of her 
nine corner kicks of the night. The 
defender sent a right-footed ball 
toward the near post, which was 
cleared for another corner kick. 
Johnson lined up again, this time 
switching to her left, and sent a 
driven ball into the penalty area. 
The ball found the feet of senior 
forward Annette Ilg, who won 
the ball amongst a crowd of St. 
Edward’s defenders to score.

Ilg and Johnson lead the team 
in goals scored and assists, respec-
tively, both with 10 on the season.  

For the remainder of the match, 
the Triton backline — composed 
of Bradley, Johnson, sophomore 
defender Ellen Wilson and junior 
defender Sara Spaventa — shut out 
the Hilltoppers and preserved the 
1-0 score.     

“I didn’t have to make any saves 
against Texas, but I wasn’t exactly 
bored,” Armstrong said. “We scored 
early on, so it was scary trying 
to hold onto the lead for so long, 
especially since they were playing 
with a lot of momentum with their 
home crowd behind them. I’m just 
glad we were able to pull away with 
a win in regulation time.”

The 1-0 win marks the Tritons’ 
third straight victory against teams 
ranked higher then them in the 
national standings, a trend which 
they will need to continue in the 
Final Four. The Tritons will face 
No. 1 St. Rose — a squad that 
has scored 84 goals in its past 23 
matches, and has won 47 out of its 
past 48 games over the past two 
seasons.

Junior captain Annie Wethe said 
the Tritons are weary of their East 
Coast opponents, but are excited to 
advance in the tournament.

“We are all really excited to be 

going to Kentucky for the Final 
Four,” Wethe said. “Probably the 
hardest thing for us is to not get 
overexcited. We just need to keep 
doing things the way we’ve been 
doing them because that’s what’s 

been working for us.”
St. Rose has a 23-0-1 record on 

the season. The Tritons will look 
for the upset on Thursday, Dec. 
2 in Louisville, Ky. The winner of 
that match will take on the winner 

of Grand Valley State and Florida 
Tech, who will play on the same 
day.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu.

▶ w. sOccer, from page 16

Tritons Head to Louisville to Face St. Rose For Spot in Championship Game

Nov. 18, 2010

UC San Diego  vS.  Seattle paCifiC

McTigue (73)

FINAL        1              0

GAME SUMMARIES

UC San Diego  vS.  St. eDwarD’S

I lg (22)

FINAL        1               0

Nov. 20, 2010

Junior forward Sarah McTigue scored the only goal of the game to propel the Tritons to a 1-0 victory over Seattle Pacific on Nov. 18.
aNdrew oh/Guardian File

NCAA Tournament — Third Round NCAA Tournament — Fourth Round



SPORTS MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 15 

The UCSD Women’s Volleyball team had 
its season ended on Friday by Cal State San 
Bernardino, which made a strong case for its 
bid for a first-ever national title.

The Coyotes — ranked sixth nationally 
and first in the West Region — took down 
the Tritons in the second round of the NCAA 
Division II Tournament with set scores of 
25-14, 25-11 and 25-13.

“They don’t really have any weaknesses; 
every position hits well, and there’s nothing 
you can key in on,” head coach Ricci Luyties 
said. “Obviously, they are a great team. I don’t 
think we played our best match, but we fought 
the whole way.”

The Coyotes kept the Tritons on their heels 
for the first two sets, outhitting and outblock-
ing UCSD by a heavy margin. The Tritons 
showed some life in the third set, rattling off 
four-point and five-point runs to stay in the 
game. Freshman Brittany Lombardi saw her 
first action of the match during the four-point 
run, contributing two service aces. 

The Tritons were down 19-14 late in the set 
and came back to tie the scores at 19. With the 
score tied  at 23, San Bernardino won a point 
after a long rally, and a Triton service error 
ended the match.

Junior Katie Condon had a match-high 
10 kills for the Tritons, while junior Hilary 
Williamson and sophomore Julia Friedenburg 
had five apiece. As a team, the Tritons hit just 
.044 for the match while the Coyotes hit .330. 

Five Coyote players racked up at least 
seven kills each, including seven by recently 
named CCAA Player of the Year Samantha 
Middleborn. 

Friedenburg, Condon and junior Roxy 
Brunsting were named to the All-CCAA first 
team this season. 

UCSD finished its season 19-9, with 
three of the losses from matches against San 
Bernardino. The Coyotes improved to 27-2 on 
the season, and went on to sweep Seattle Pacific 
on Saturday for the West Region title. 

 UCSD qualified for the NCAA tournament 
for the fifth consecutive year, and the program 
has been in the tournament 10 of the 11 years it 
has been in Division II. But this year’s run was 
more trying for the Tritons, as the team suf-
fered a five-match losing streak in September, 
the program’s worst since 1992. 

“We still had high expectations once we got 
over that hump,” Luyties said. “It’s a little disap-
pointing, but I’m happy with the whole season. 
Overall — getting to the tournament, winning 
a match — it’s satisfying, but it still leaves an 
emptiness inside that’s hard to get rid of.”

On Sept. 25, the Tritons had an overall 

record of 5-6 and were just 2-5 in the CCAA. 
But the team regrouped to win 15 of its last 17 
matches, only losing to San Bernardino. The 
Tritons beat Sonoma State in the first round of 
the NCAA tournament on Thursday.

After the rough start, the Tritons seemed 

to come together under their first-year head 
coach. 

“We used a lot of people in a lot of different 
ways,” Luyties said. “Throughout the season 
there was a lot of learning what to do with 
people, and learning what they could do and 
couldn’t do. Overall, we got better as the season 
went on, so I’m happy about that. But as coach, 
you always want to see your team play a great 
game in the last match, and when you don’t 
play a great game it’s a little disappointing.” 

Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@ucsd.
edu.

TriTon season ends in 
san bernardino

Strong Showing but no qualification for triton xc
By Liam Rose
Sports Editor

CROSS COUNTRY — The UCSD Cross 
Country team ran well at the NCAA Division 
II West Regionals over the weekend, but was 
unable to qualify for the NCAA National 
Championships.

The men’s team placed eighth out of 22 
teams competing, while the women placed 
14th out of 26 teams. The meet was held in 
Bellingham, Wash., at the home course of 
Western Washington University. 

“I really feel like we ran a great race,” head 
coach Nate Garcia said. “We didn’t get exactly 
what we wanted out of it place-wise. But 
those teams that beat us were, in all honesty, 
just better than us on the day.”

The men were led by redshirt senior Jesse 
Morrill, who placed 26th overall after com-
pleting the 10k course in 33:10. The Tritons 
then had a pack of runners come in together, 
as UCSD had five runners within 12 spots 
of each other. Sophomore Matt Linehan and 
junior Patrick French were next across the 
line, finishing 48th and 49th with times 
of 33:53 and 33:54, respectively. Freshman 
Kellen Levy came in just behind at 33:56 to 

take 51st place, while junior Alex Corliss took 
53rd place with a time of 34:04 to round out 
the Triton scorers.

Despite not qualifying for nationals, 
Garcia said he was happy with the Tritons’ 
performance.

“I was pleased with the way the guys per-
formed,” Garcia said. “We put ourselves in 
position to matter throughout the race, which 
is something we’ve been focusing on all year. 
We were able to get out in good position and 
work together really well. We were pleased 
with our effort, even if not overjoyed with 
the final score.”

Alaska Anchorage thwarted Chico State’s 
bid for a ninth consecutive West Region 
title, as the Seawolves had the overall winner 
and three runners in the top seven. Marko 
Cheseto covered the course in 31:20 to beat 
out Western Washington’s Jordan Welling, 
who finished in 31:29. Alaska Anchorage 
finished with 49 points, Chico had 54 points 
and Western Washington took third place 
with 93 points.

On the women’s side, UCSD was led by 
sophomore Catherine Crisp’s 52nd place fin-
ish as she covered the 6k course in 24:41. 

“The performance from Catherine Crisp 

was great,” Garcia said. “It’s something that 
she has been working hard towards all year, 
so its satisfying to see her move up into the 
top 60 in the region.”

Redshirt sophomore Heather Hisgen was 
next across the line, placing 62nd with a time 
of 24:49. Junior Aaryn Kobayahshi, sopho-
more Jackie Sikkema and junior Kathryn 
Turner were the rest of the Triton scorers, 
finishing in 66th, 74th and 78th place, respec-
tively. 

Alaska Anchorage completed its sweep of 
the meet with a strong performance, taking 
three of the first five spots. The Seawolves 
finished with 40 points, Chico again took sec-
ond with 55 points and Western Washington 
again placed third with 111 points.

Western Washington’s Sarah Porter was 
dominant in taking the individual title, cov-
ing the course in 21:21 — almost 40 seconds 
faster than anyone else.

The Tritons will return 13 of the 14 run-
ners that ran in the NCAA Regional meet for 
2011, although top men’s finisher Morrill will 
be replaced.

Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@
ucsd.edu.

By Tyler Nelson
Senior Staff Writer

SWIMMING — The UCSD swim 
team put in a strong performance 
over the weekend at the Triton-
hosted Arena Invitational in Long 
Beach.  

Competing against some of the 
best D-I and D-II competition in 
the nation, the Triton men finished 
fifth overall and the women finished 
11th. 

Through the course of the tour-
nament, the men qualified three 
swimmers for the NCAA finals tour-
nament and the women qualified 
nine swimmers. 

“It’s pretty awesome,” junior cap-
tain Michael Lorch said. “We swam 
extremely well this weekend — the 
emotions on the deck were amazing. 
I think to have qualifiers like Nick 
Korth and Alex Henley is amazing. 
We’re doing very well right now.”

The men took last week off of 
competition, and both teams spent 
an easy week at practice to prepare 
for the meet after six weeks of inten-
sive training. At the tournament, 
competition began each day around 
9 a.m. and continued until early 
evening.

Lorch said the schedule was hard, 
but the squad was well-prepared 
through its training.  

“It’s tough,” Lorch said. “It’s 
draining, emotionally and physically. 
But it’s nice to only have to swim 
one or two events a day so you get to 
focus on individual races more. We 
got a little bit of rest before the meet. 
Everybody was doing well preparing 
for the meet and it turned out to 
work for our advantage. Our coaches 
prepared us very well for this meet.” 

Head coach Scott McGihon said 
the results were a direct result of the 
team’s preparation strategy.

“We are definitely well prepared, 
maybe more so than we ever have 
been,” he said. “What we have done 
in terms of preparation is great. We 
were ready to swim fast and we 
achieved all of our goals — even 
exceeded them. But now it’s time to 
get down to business.”

On the first day, the women’s 200 
freestyle and 400 medley relay teams 
recorded NCAA automatic quali-
fying times as they finished 11th 
and ninth with times of 1:34.39 and 

Tritons Put 
in strong 
Performance 
at invite

See swimming, page 14

SWIMMING

the tritons nCAA tournAment run ends in the seCond round 
with A loss to no. 6 CAl stAte sAn bernArdino. 

bY LIAM ROSE * sPorts editor
P h o t o s  b Y  J o h n  h A n A C e k

WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL

PhoTo by will loTheriNgToN/Guardian File
Senior Jesse Morrill was the Tritons’ top individual finisher, covering the 
10k course in 33:10 to take 26th overall.

Junior outside hitter Katie Condon had a match-high 10 kills, but the Tritons lost 3-0 to Cal State San Bernardino to crash out of the NCAA Tournament.



www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

sPorTs
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2010

ConTACT The ediTor: sports@ucsdguardian.org

16 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

The women’s soccer team put together two tremendous performances last week to advance to the Final Four 
stage of the NCAA national tourna-
ment for the first time since 2003. 
The 12th-ranked Tritons collected two 
1-0 victories, upsetting No. 9 Seattle 
Pacific in the West Region finals and 
St. Edward’s University in the quarter-
final round held in Austin, Texas.

The Tritons met with Seattle 
Pacific on Nov. 18, beating the 
Falcons 1-0 in a single elimina-
tion match that decided the West 
Region champions. The two teams 
were evenly matched throughout 
the game, with both squads fighting 
up and down the pitch for possession. 
The Falcons managed to outshoot the 
Tritons 10-8, recording a number of 
very dangerous attempts on goal, but 
the two teams retired after the first 
half with the game still tied 0-0.  

The lone goal did not come until the 
73rd minute. With the Tritons mount-
ing increasing pressure on the Falcon 
defense late into the game, junior 
midfielder Shelby Wong found junior 
forward Sarah McTigue off of a throw-
in. McTigue got around her defender 

to 
find 
hers e l f 
alone with 
the ball outside of the 
Falcon goal box.  McTigue — recently 
named to the All-West region second 
team — cracked a hard shot from 25 
yards out into the corner of the goal 

dream

see w. soccer, page 10

After A pAir of 1-0 victories, UcsD is still Alive 
in the ncAA toUrnAment AnD heADeD to the 

finAl foUr

BY rAchel UDA * stAff writer
photos coUrtesY st.  eDwArD’s UniversitY

rUnninG Down A


	112210NewsFINAL
	112210Opinion
	112210Focus
	112210SportsREAL

