
MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XLXIII

SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT INSIDENIGHT WATCH

monday
Height:  4-7 ft.

Wind: 8-12 mph
Water Temp: 65 F

tuesday
Height:  4-6 ft.
Wind: 2-9 mph

Water Temp: 65 F

wednesday
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 3-10 mph 
Water Temp: 65 F

thursday
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 5-7 mph 
Water Temp: 65 F

LOw

$3.99
Valero, South San Diego
2290 Coronado Ave. & Hollister St.
HIGH

$4.84
76, Coronado
900 Orange Ave. & 9th St.

thursday friday
monday
H 63 L 52

tuesday
H 65 L 53 monday tuesday

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHFORECASTWEB POLL
What do you think 
of greek housing?
√  It will boost the social 
   atmosphere on campus
√  It’s too close to campus
√  It’s a waste of resources

SUNRISE

SUNSET

5:55 A.M.

7:37 P.M.wednesdayH 67 L 56 thursdayH 68 L 57 thursdaywednesdayWWW.uCsdguardian.org

Comics ..................................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
At Wit’s End ...........................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Site Seen ...............................8
Classifieds ...........................10
Sudoku ................................10

ArOunD One in FOur SD WOrkerS empLOyeD in miLiTAry inDuSTry

By Michael Chang
Contributing Writer

The military industry made up more than 
a quarter of San Diego County’s laborers in 

2009, according to an economic impact report by 
Export Access, a student-run research group at 
the UCSD School of International Relations and 
Pacific Studies. 

The San Diego Military Advisory Council 
commissioned the labor report to analyze the 
economic impact of defense industry jobs in San 
Diego.

The Defense Department added 26,547 jobs 
to San Diego County in 2009, totaling 354,627 
jobs, which make up 26 percent of the county’s 

laborers. Of those, 136,664 are direct employees of 
the military and 217,963 are indirect employees, 
or those affected by Department of Defense 
expenditures. Marines make up 41.8 percent of 
the direct jobs, 41.5 percent work in the Navy and 
16.8 percent are civilians.

The study also reported that the industry 
contributed $18.2 billion to the county’s economy. 
For the 2011 fiscal year, the industry is projected 
to spend $20.6 billion, as an additional 4,000 
Marines and 30 Navy ships are expected in the 

county by 2012. 
San Diego Military Advisory Council 

executive director Larry Blumberg noted that 
approximately $10 million of direct spending 
is put toward procurement, which includes 
shipbuilding though General Dynamics Nassco 
and programs that are managed by aerospace 
and welfare systems close to the Pacific Coast 
Highway.

Greek housinG May be located 
at reGents parkinG lot

Study Abroad 
Office reopens 
Japan programs 
This Summer

By Sarah Smith
Contributing Writer

The UC Education Abroad Program 
reopened exchange programs in Japan on 
April 21 beginning for this summer.

UCEAP moved to lift its ban on Japan 
exchanges after the U.S. Department of 
State lifted its travel restrictions on April 
14, which previously eliminated insurance 
coverage for UC students in Japan.

The UCEAP Insurance Plan — which 
covers 100 percent of fees associated with 
accidents and sicknesses — is mandatory 
coverage for all UCEAP students. The 
plan provides medical expense benefits, 
extended home country benefits, 
accidental death and dismemberment 
benefits, emergency medical evacuation, 
repatriation of remains, emergency 
reunion benefits, gap insurance and 
extension of benefits, as well as coverage 
for natural disasters and political and 
security evacuations. 

Of the six UC exchange programs 
and eight UC full immersion exchanges, 
exchange programs with the University 
of Tsukuba and Tohoku University — 
two universities north of Tokyo — will 
remain suspended for fall. UCEAP is in 
the process of redirecting UC students 
slated to enroll in these two programs to 
others.

“We’re not sending students to 
[those two universities because] we are 
concerned they don’t have enough time 
to rebuild because they were hit the 
hardest by the earthquake, tsunami and 
power plant [damage],” UCEAP Regional 
Director Mary McMahon said.

The programs are slated to begin at 
the start of the next regularly scheduled 
UCEAP term at each university, which is 
Spring 2012 for Tohoku University and 
Fall 2012 for the University of Tsukuba.

A CLOSER LOOK

See japan, page 3

The Greek Housing Project has a name and a new location: New Athens is now slated for 
construction at the northeast side of 
the Regents parking lot.

“Initially, we had our eyes on the La 
Jolla Shores property — just off of main 
campus and used it as the first model 
for our early work on the project,” 
Greek Housing Initiative Committee’s 
Panhellenic Vice Chair Jillian Wolter 
said in an email. “But as the project 
developed, we realized that the location 
is key, and our goal to bring students 
together and build campus spirit would 
be easier achieved on campus.”

Wolter and committee chair Michael 
Raimondi announced the changes at 
the May 4 A.S. Council meeting.  

Raimondi said the committee 
changed the location because students 
would be able coordinate events more 
easily on campus than at La Jolla 
Shores, but that the location is not set 
in stone.

According to Raimondi, the 
projected cost of buying the land for 
the development would be around 
$7,000 per current parking space. The 

committee hopes to negotiate parking 
and create another parking structure. 

Raimonidi plans to finalize all 
details by June 2012 and hopes to 
begin construction in 2017. He also 
said that the location was chosen for 
its proximity to the light rail transit, 
which is expected to begin operation 
in 2015 and will connect students to 
campus.

“My goal is to create access both to 
campus itself and to San Diego without 
the demand for a car,” Wolter said. “We 
are working on ways to integrate the 
housing project to the new rail system 
to provide residents with effortless 
transit options to hopefully alleviate 
the traffic congestion as well as the 
parking problem on campus.”

Raimondi said the complex’s new 
name was inspired by Plato, and that 
he wanted something that symbolized 
scholarship.

“I just thought of Athens,” 
Raimondi said. “But I didn’t want 
Old Athens, so I thought, ‘Oh, New 
Athens.’”

Currently, the committee is pulling 

By reBeCCA HOrWiTz • SENIOR Staff wRItER

students hospitalized from 
car accident on interstate 5

SELFISH MACHINES

ANDREW OH/Guardian

San Diego-based punk rock and post-hardcore band Pierce the Veil played a Cinco de Mayo 
show at Porter’s Pub on Thursday, May 5.

By Rebecca Horwitz
Senior Staff Writer

UCSD students on their way to a Womyn of Color Conference at UC 
Santa Cruz were involved in a car accident on the way to the April 30 event. 

On April 29, one of three vans — driven by a UCSD student — 
overturned on the Interstate 5 near Bakersfield on the way to the 
conference, according to Sixth College President Kristian Castro. All 
eight students in the van were sent to a nearby hospital, and seven were 
discharged the next morning. 

The eighth student is still in the hospital and will be transported to a 
hospital in Los Angeles soon. Castro said during the May 4 A.S. Council 
meeting that the student should be fine. The remaining group of students 
that planned to participate in the conference did not attend due to the 
accident.

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz at rahorwit@ucsd.edu.................................

See military, page 3

See greek, page 3

UC students will be allowed 
to study abroad in Japan — 
but not without a few extra 
precautions.

The military industry in San Diego 
boasts a high number of employees, 
and contributes to a large portion of  
the county’s revenue and facilities.

for ALL you HIGH-cLAss yuppIes. pAge 7

ANDREW OH/Guardian



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011 NEWS

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. Countries with Coworkers!

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: 858-822-3793, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-6583, focus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: 858-822-3793, photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: 858-534-6582, design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: 858-822-3793, art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7691

Business manager
Emily Ku 

Business assistant
Tiffany Han

marketing directors
Brandon Katzer, Annie Wang

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

advertising design and layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

distributors
Scott Havrisik, Amanda Ku

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

page layout
Melody Chern, Praneet Kolluru, Connie Lu,                     

Arielle Sallai, Vivian Zhang

Angela Chen

Trevor Cox

Regina Ip

Laira Martin

Margaret Yau

Madeline Mann

Liam Rose

Tyler Nelson

Neda Salamat

Mina Nilchian

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Amy Guzdar
Naomi Sweo

John Hanacek

Andrew Oh

Melody Chern

Praneet Kolluru

Rebekah Hwang

editor in Chief

managing editor

news editor

associate news editor

opinion editor

associate opinion editor

sports editor

associate sports editor

focus/leisure editor

associate focus/leisure 
editor

hiatus editor

associate hiatus editor

Copy editors

photo editor

associate photo editor

design editor

associate design editor

art editor

Copy readers
Monica Haider, Amanda Ku, Emily Pham,                  

Melissa Stanley

Winners

A&PS Marketing & Web Communications

Transportation Services

CELEBRATE CYCLING
BIKE BREAKFAST PIT STOP: LOT  P406
Gilman Drive at Villa La Jolla Drive, 6–10 a.m.

FRIDAY
MAY 20

Auxiliary & Plant Swervices Marketing & Communications

BICYCLE COMMUTE
CHALLENGE CONCLUDES  
Snacks Snapshots Swag

2011

Find cycling resources at ucsd.edu/go/bike

MEAGER MOUSE By rebekah Dyer

ThinGS LEfT UnSAid By Josey Tsao

researchers lower risks of  tumor Formation With stem cells
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

By Aimly Sirisarnsombat
Contributing Writer

Researchers at the UCSD School 
of Medicine and the Gladstone 
Institutes, an independent, non-
profit UCSF-affliated biomedical 
research foundation, created stable, 
self-renewing stem cells derived from 
human embryonic stem cells that can 
now be directed toward becoming 
various types of neurons without 
increased risk of tumor formation. 

The elimination of this risk allows 
scientists to produce enough long-
term, self-renewing, primitive neural 
precursor cells to use in clinical 
trials and treatments in the field of 
regenerative medicine.

UCSD Ophthalmology and 
Human Genetics Professor Kang 
Zhang and Gladstone Institute 
Chemistry Professor Sheng Ding 
produced the neural stem cells by 
adding inhibitors to the embryonic 
cells, or hESCs, so they can become 
primitive neural precursor cells. The 

inhibitors also prevent cells from 
continuing to differentiate — which 
can eventually lead to tumors — so 
that the researchers can differentiate 
the stem cells into mature neurons 
without the risk of forming tumors. 

“It’s a big step forward,” Zhang said 
in an April 25 statement. “It means 
we can generate stable, renewable 
neural stem cells or downstream 
products quickly, in great quantities 
and in clinical grade — millions in 
less than a week — that can be used 
for clinical trials and eventually for 
clinical treatments. Until now, that has 
not been possible.” 

Researchers found that no 
tumors formed when these cells were 
introduced into laboratory mice.

Although past research showed 
that hESCs can act as regenerative 
medicine because of their ability to 
become any kind of cell needed to 
repair and restore damaged tissues, 
the risk that some of these cells might 
form tumors during the process of 
growing them in usable quantities has 

hindered the development of hESC-
based treatments.

Zhang also explained the other 
advantages of the research. “Because 
it doesn’t use any gene transfer 
technologies or exogenous cell 
products, there’s minimal risk of 
introducing mutations or outside 
contamination,” Zhang said.

The development of this 
technology will lead to further research 
in potential clinical applications 
for neurodegenerative diseases. 
“[For example], you can generate 
neurons for specific conditions like 
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS 
or Lou Gehrig’s disease), Parkinson’s 
disease or, in the case of my particular 
research area, eye-specific neurons 
that are lost in macular degeneration, 
retinitis pigmentosa or glaucoma,” 
Zhang said.

This method can also be applied to 
induce pluripotent stem cells, or stem 
cells artificially derived from adult 
cells, to become neural stem cells, 
which may lead to the creation of 

other types of stem cells capable of 
becoming heart, pancreas or muscle 
cells.  

According to Zhang, more research 
will be done to explore the use of these 
stem cells to treat different types of 
neurodegenerative diseases, such as 
degeneration in the macula (the area 
of the retina responsible for detailed 
vision) or glaucoma in animal models.

Readers can contact Aimly 
Sirisarnsombat at tsirisar@ucsd.edu.

jANE RHO/Guardian



NEWS MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

LiGhts AND sirens

Greek Housing Committee Hopes to Receive HDH Funding 

Department of  Defense Funds University Programs
“[The military] runs everything 

from blue collar jobs and working in 
ship yards to highly technical research 
type of jobs,” SDMAC executive 
director Larry Blumberg said. “There 
is also significant defense money 
spent in universities, including in 
[UCSD].”

The Department of Defense 
sets aside funding for universities, 

including scholarship programs 
such as the Science, Mathematics 
& Research for Transformation 
(SMART) scholarship, which four 
UCSD students received in 2006, as 
well as money for research programs.

In 2007, SDMAC decided it was 
necessary to document its impact in 
the county.

“We felt it was important 
to document the economic 

impact because this is the largest 
concentration of the military, we 
believe, in the world,” Blumberg 
said. “The amount that the presence 
of the large group of military people 
and facilities impacts the region 
needs to be quantified rather than 
guessed at.”

Readers can contact Michael Chang at 
mac005@ucsd.edu.

▶ military, from page 1

ideas from other campuses with 
Greek housing, and also seeks student 
and university input.

The committee is working 
to forge ties between the Greek 
community and the Housing, Dining 
and Hospitality department as well. 
Raimondi hopes that HDH will fund 
the project. In a Feb. 10 Guardian 
article entitled “Housing for Greek 
Orgs Could Be Built Along La Jolla 
Shores Drive,” Raimondi said the 
committee aimed for a $60-million 
project.

Raimondi said HDH has 
discussed the possibility of taking on 
debt and bonds to fund the project. 

He cited the example of how HDH 
is paying off housing construction 
in Eleanor Roosevelt College. ERC’s 
housing project costs about $310 
million to build and HDH took out 
$110 million, which will be paid off 
over 40 years.

The committee projected an 
estimate of 781 students for the initial 
phase of housing. They factored in 
Panhellenic and InterFraternity 
Councils but not the Multicultural 
Greek Council because they did not 
get rosters in time for the meeting.

According to Raimondi, the 
committee plans to work on models 
for the housing later on. The fees 
would be universal continuation of 

on-campus housing, and individual 
chapters could personally negotiate 
extra amenities.

Campus alcohol policies would 
apply to Greek housing.

“People who want to party all the 
time don’t want to live on campus,” 
Wolter said. “The people who choose 
to live on campus have to be willing 
to adhere to university standards.”

Wolter said the committee is 
waiting on greater administrative 
support before assessing the Greek 
community’s interest, as it doesn’t wish 
to get the community’s hopes up. 

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz 
at rahorwit@ucsd.edu.

▶ greek, from page 1

Students Studying in Japan Must Avoid Nuclear Plants
The rest of the eight partner 

universities, however, will reopen 
for exchange programs. These 
universities are Hitotsubashi 
University, International Christian 
University, Keio University, Osaka 
University, University of Tokyo and 
Waseda University.

Students are also required to avoid 
travel within a 50-mile radius of the 
Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power 
Plant. Students found in violation of 
this policy will be dismissed from the 

program.
All students must also notify the 

Study Center, the local U.S. Embassy 
and their families of all travel plans. 
Students must sign out before any 
travel through MyEAP, a website for 
UCEAP students. 

Students are informed of these  
regulations in the UCEAP Student 
Guide and in both the UC campus 
and on-site orientations. 

The Office of Risk Services within 
the UC Office of the President is 
monitoring the situation in Japan 

with the university’s travel and risk 
insurance partners, and will continue 
to post travel alerts associated with 
public safety.

The students who were accepted 
to the spring 2011 UCEAP Japan 
programs but were unable to 
participate were refunded the full cost 
of the program. They will be allowed 
to enroll in a Japanese language and 
culture program for this summer.

Readers can contact Sarah Smith at 
sjs001@ucsd.edu.

▶ japan, from page 1

Friday, April 29
10:48 a.m.: Suspicious package
▶ The reporter found a suspicious 
package with no shipping label at the 
Social Sciences Building. Unfounded.
11:31 a.m.: Citizen contact
▶ A rattlesnake was found by the 
Career Services Center parking trailer 
door, and there was no response from 
the EHS pest line. Information only.
3:55 p.m.: Argument disturbance 
▶ A verbally abusive male refused to 
leave the LGBT building at Student 
Center B. Report taken.
 
Saturday, April 30
9:19 a.m.: Animal call
▶ There were “more bees making 
another hive” at Building A 103 
at Preuss School. Referred to other 
agency.
12:06 p.m.: Animal call
▶ Bees were all over the main entrance 
of Center Hall. The area was closed 
off. Referred to other agency.
 
Sunday, May 1, 2011
2:15 p.m.: Medical aid
▶ A 19-year-old, still conscious and 
breathing, was having a reaction to 
expired soda at Panda Express in Price 
Center. Information only.

Monday, May 2, 2011
6:33 a.m.: Minor injury accident 
report
▶ A vehicle and scooter collided into 
each other on Genesee Avenue. Report 
taken.
10:29 a.m.: Report of grand theft
▶ About $1,200 to $1,500 worth of 
copper was taken from a contractor’s 
trailer at Meteor Hall. Report taken.
10:58 a.m.: Minor injury accident
▶ A skateboarder at the Applied 
Physics and Mathematics building 
was bleeding from the mouth and ears 
after a collision with a vehicle, but was 
still conscious and breathing. Report 
taken.

1:12 p.m.: Information
▶ A large house cat chased after a 
reporter and jumped on her and her 
baby at the North Mesa Apartments. 
Information only.
9:18 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A male dropped his backpack 
beneath a sign at Homeplate and took 
off running. Cancelled after dispatch.
 
Tuesday, May 3
8:43 a.m.: Illegal camping
▶ A male transient was sleeping in 
the garden by La Jolla Playhouse with 
several bags nearby. Information only.
12:05 p.m.: Possession of drugs
▶ A male in Thornton Hospital had 
a balloon with a white substance 
removed from a female patient’s 
stomach. Checks OK.
 
Wednesday, May 4
1:25 a.m.: Possession of marijuana
▶ The reporter said that eight or nine 
people were smoking in a suite at 
Marshall Apartments. Field interview 
administered.
7:17 a.m.: Information
▶ An unknown subject used his or 
her finger to write a message on 
the reporter’s windshield at Pangea 
Parking Structure. Information only.
10:49 a.m.: Report of vandalism
▶ The reporter at Supercomputer 
Center believed that a bullet was shot 
at a window. Report taken.
7:04 p.m.: Medical aid
▶ A 50-year-old reporter was feeling 
dizzy and vomiting at Warren Lecture 
Hall. Referred to other agency.
 
Thursday, May 5
3:38 p.m.: Person down
▶ A male in his 60s was carrying 
a brown bag of liquor and was 
unconscious near Rock Bottom. Field 
interview administered.

— Compiled by Sarah Kang 
Staff Writer



out of context

“
4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/oPINIoN

OpiniOn
ContaCt the editor: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

MoNDAY, MAY 9, 2011

I hope this article opens the eyes of New York’s 
public officials ... Then sad old men can go back 
to masturbating where they belong: on crowded 
subway cars.”

Mike PoMranz
Writer, Tosh.0 Blog

WEB
POLL

Have you 
ever BougHT 

alTa gracia 
mercHandise?
Out of 47 votes.

60%     
No.

28%  
12%   
Yes.

I don’t
know.

There’s an official channel for reporting campus hate speech. With an online submission 
form, the Report Bias website, set 
up this year in the wake of last year’s 
Compton Cookout, aims to improve 
campus climate and support the “edu-
cational mission of the institution.”

Despite the ease of clicking a few 
choice bubbles, I didn’t report bias last 
week. It wasn’t for lack of due cause: 
the words shouted at me from the 
back of an SUV off Regents Road were 
pretty plainly “homophobic comments 
about members of the LGBT commu-
nity,” which constitutes the very first 
of five “bias incident” examples that 
may be found to violate “University 
Nondiscrimination policies, the 
Student Conduct Code or other 
University policies.” Others include 
anti-Semitic flyers, and defamatory 
emails to “cultural” student orgs. 

If I had gone through proper 
administrative channels and filled in a 
Bias Incident Report Form, it would, 
admittedly, have been lacking in 
justice-inciting specificity. 

I do know the basics. Location: Off 
campus. Type: Verbal assault. 

But when it comes to the 
Perpetrator (“person intimidating, 
harassing and/or discriminating”), I’d 
be at a loss. Name, phone, email: all 
N/A. Other information about the 
Perpetrator: drives black, Jeep Grand 
Cherokee; much tanner than Victim; 
accused Victim (“person experiencing 
intimidation, harassment and/or dis-
crimination”) first of being a “hipster” 
and then a “faggot,” from the rear win-
dow of the SUV. (Victim was, of his 
own admission, wearing both horn-
rimmed glasses and a plaid shirt.)

I haven’t been able to Google my 
way to an answer, but I wonder how 
many incidents like mine have been 
reported so far (the form’s only been 
live since February). My suspicion is 
that there aren’t many, mostly for the 
apparent uselessness of doing so. 

But my silence is even more cyni-
cal, as the removed, legal tone of the 
form and preposterous mildness of 
the term “bias” itself serve, for me, as 
confirmation of a long-held belief: that 
administrators don’t give a fuck if one 
student discriminates against another, 
so long as the victim doesn’t make a 
fuss about it or let the wound fester 
into the kind of ugliness that might 
erode campus climate. In the interim, 
the creation of the Report Bias page 
might make for one hell of an image-
boosting press release and TritonLink 
banner, and may even score us a few 
diversity points when next year’s cycle 
of college rankings rolls around.  

It’s to UCSD’s credit that I’ve been 
insulated enough from such “bias” for 
most of three years to forget the pos-
sibility of it altogether. My time here’s 
been colored by friends (male and 
female, and almost exclusively straight) 
who not only demand the details of 
my nonexistent sex life, but who are 
way more excited about Rihanna’s 
summer tour than I am. 

Not everyone, naturally, is so insu-
lated. But from my experience, calling 
casual discrimination out firsthand 
is the best effort against it: in telling a 
beer pong partner that you’re not real-
ly cool with his calling your opponent 
a fag, bro, you’re a helluva lot likelier to 
change the way somebody thinks than 
a bureaucratic, emailed warning about 
campus climate is. You might even 
help improve “the community good.”

Calling “Bias,” 
the Old-
Fashioned Way

 At Wit’s
      End
Trevor cox
trevorcox@ucsd.edu

Improperly named and unstandardized AP courses fail to adequately prepare students 
for the high academic rigor of college.

Blown Out of  Proportion 

Recent statistics reveal that there isn’t anything “advanced” about most AP 
students. In 2009, the Department 
of Education released statistics 
showing that the proportion 
of high-school seniors taking 
advanced courses has tripled in the 
past 20 years. 

But while the number of stu-
dents enrolled in these courses 
has increased, all other measures 
of achievement — including SAT 
scores, AP test scores and other 
national assessments of student 
progress — have either remained 
stagnant or declined. The numbers, 
it seems, speaks to the quantity and 
not the quality of education. The 
current system is plagued with an 
overinflation of course content that 
produces students who, in the end, 
are ill equipped to handle the chal-
lenges of a university-level educa-
tion. 

According to “The Nation’s 
Report Card,” a periodic assess-
ment of student progress compiled 

in 2009 by the U.S. National Center 
for Education, writing and reading 
levels of graduating high-school 
seniors have not changed since 
1973, though they are graduating 
with more advanced credit units. 

Students are taking advanced 
courses that are at times not prop-
erly or distinctly labeled and there-
fore are more advanced than they 
appear. Many have found them-
selves encouraged by parents and 
administrators to take these classes, 
but the proportion of students 
achieving passing scores on AP 
exams has been decreasing. 

Course naming varies by school 
district, with no national standard. 
A 2008 study of 30 schools in Ohio 
and Michigan found over 270 
unique math course classifications. 

A single district even offered 
10 unique biology courses, from 
Basic Biology to Bioscience. Some 
courses were discovered by the New 
York Times to be more advanced 
sounding than they actually were — 
Algebra I was sometimes relabeled 

as Algebra II. 
The mislabeling represents a 

blatant oversight on the part of 
the faculty members and teachers 
responsible for planning course 
content. And on a higher level, it’s 
an oversight on the district’s part, as 
it’s charged with providing the best 
possible education to its students — 
a goal that rampant course inflation 
severely compromises. 

Administrators and parents are 
both likely culprits. The former 
want to help students satisfy both 
high-school graduation require-
ments and college entrance require-
ments. Parents have higher expecta-
tions of course offerings at schools 
as competition to get into top uni-
versities intensifies. 

Discrepancies go beyond hav-
ing the same class labeled differ-
ently between schools — there also 
appears to be variation in textbook 
content. A 2008 Michigan State 
University study analyzed math 
courses and their adjoining text-
books, discovering that a full 15 

percent of the textbooks covered 
mathematics less advanced than the 
course title suggested. 

According to official AP Reports 
compiled by the College Board, the 
number of AP exams administered 
nearly tripled from 1.2 million to 
3.1 million between 2000 and 2010. 
In the same period, the number of 
failing scores increased from 36.4 to 
42.5 percent. While increased par-
ticipation in advanced placement 
programs is laudable in theory, the 
results suggests that many of the 
students enrolled are no better pre-
pared for college for it.  

Title inflation and a poor quality 
of education leave college fresh-
men unprepared. According to a 
2006 report from the Secretary of 
Education’s office, over 90 percent 
of high school teachers believe that 
students are prepared for college-
level writing, but only 44 percent of 
college officials agree. 

The expectation gap wastes 

QUICKTAKES New York Library PornographyQUICKTAKES

JOSEY TSAO/Guardian

 By Aleks Levin Contributing Writer

Library officials have argued that patrons have a First Amendment right to view porn on their computers. But because libraries are public facilities that 
minors regularly enter, this alleged right must be restricted to truly abide by the 

Constitution.
The Children’s Internet Protection Act requires 

libraries to have Internet filters on their computers to 
limit access to child pornography. Patrons above the 
age of 17, however, are allowed to turn off the filters 
so they can exercise their First-Amendment rights for 
unrestricted access to the web — including watching 
hardcore pornography. I hate to be the one bringing 
up the “think of the children!” argument, but children 
looking for Magic School Bus books shouldn’t be sub-
ject to catching a glimpse of a raunchy threesome.

There is a constitutional basis for restricting access, 
too. George Carlin famously uttered “Seven Dirty 
Words” that the FCC censored, and in the landmark 
ruling of FCC v. Pacifica Foundation, the Supreme 
Court upheld the FCC’s censorship of Carlin. One rea-
son was because children could not be shielded from 
the patently offensive language. If the Supreme Court 
deems curse words worthy of censorship, it’s hard to 

imagine reasonable justification for maintaining full access to pornography in a 
public, federally funded space. 

Consider the alternative. Surely many concerned parents will refuse to let 
their children enter libraries in light of the controversy, and educating children 
is of much greater concern than allowing unrestricted public access to porn.

— Saad Asad
Senior Staff Writer

A New York Public Library spokesperson announced on April 23 that it is within the First Amendment rights of adult patrons to view pornography 
on computers in any of the city’s 200-plus libraries. But despite the obvious 
moral challenges the policy’s yielded, legally, it’s all there.

According to federal law, the libraries must comply 
with the Children’s Internet Protection Act in order to 
retain funding, meaning that computers in the libraries 
must have filters that block any illegal content, such as 
child pornography. Patrons over the age of 17, however, 
can disable the filters if they wish to do so for “research 
purposes,” and by law, the library cannot censor any 
legal Web content — pornography included.

If parents are also worried about their children 
catching a glimpse of objectionable content as they 
pass on their way to the children’s section, the libraries 
also provide each computer with a set of dividers and 
headphones to keep patrons’ computer use as private as 
possible. These precautions allow patrons their freedom 
while also providing adequate protection to children.

Though different states have their own laws on por-
nography, the general rule in the United States is if the 
act depicted in the pornographic content is legal, then it 
can be legally sold and viewed. Adults have the right to view pornography; the 
New York Public Library system is simply acknowledging that fact. This policy 
does not promote public indecency — it just officially isn’t part of a librarian’s 
job description to patrol the desktops, looking for images that she doesn’t care 
to find.

— Chelsey Davis
Contributing Writer

Public Censorship May Be ConstitutionalBlocking Basic Rights is Objectionable

See high school, page 5

JOSEY TSAO/Guardian



oPINIoN MoNDAY, MAY 9, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

ThE LiTTLE rinTrAh By Elieen Shi

Standardizing Courses Essential for Academic Growth
students’ time in pricey remedial 
classes. A United States Education 
Commission found that 40 percent 
of all college students are taking at 
least one remedial course. UCSD’s 
retention and graduation rates — 87 
percent at two years, and a four-
year graduation rate of 56 percent 
— suggest a lack of preparation as 
well. 

There is, however, a silver lining 
in this “course overload.” Over the 
past two decades, participation has 
risen among minority students and 
those from lower socioeconomic 
backgrounds.

 College Board Vice-President 
Trevor Packer argues that although 
some students are unprepared when 
they’re placed in advanced classes, 
they are better off than they would 
be otherwise. What’s most impor-

tant is that students who attend 
schools of subpar quality take the 
most challenging classes on offer, 
not that they score a five on the 
final standardized exam.

The current high school gradua-
tion requirements set forth by each 
state’s Department of Education 
don’t mandate certain course cur-
ricula. But there need to be national 
guidelines that define core content 
that should be taught in each course 
so that both districts and schools 
have a better understanding of what 
belongs under specific course titles. 
That clarification will both curb 
course title inflation and help to 
regulate the quality of education. 

Districts’ textbook selection 
processes also require reevaluation. 
Depending on the location, it is up 
to the school, district or state to 
choose certain textbooks for aca-

demic departments. But no matter 
who ends up choosing the textbook, 
there clearly needs to be more 
thorough review and assessment to 
make sure that the textbooks adhere 
to the required course content. 

There is a current lack of 
accountability at the district, 
administrative and state govern-
ment levels, all of which need to 
have a heavier hand in regulating 
the way teachers go about present-
ing course content. 

This would, in the long run, lead 
to both a stronger school system 
and a class of better prepared col-
lege students who would be less 
prone to the first-year GPA drop 
that students experience at rigorous 
institutions like UCSD.

Readers can contact Aleks Levin at 
alevin@ucsd.edu.

Dear Editor,
In a recent letter to the editor, a 

group of faculty members denounced 
an “Open Letter” that had been pub-
lished in the Guardian on April 4   to 
which I was one of 28 faculty signato-
ries and which raised troubling issues 
about of anti-Israel activism routinely 
exercised by certain student groups. 

Ironically, by slamming the Open 
Letter, suggesting it was somehow 
inappropriate or antithetical to aca-
demic freedom, rather than bringing 
forth reasoned counter-arguments 
to the points raised in it, the LTE 
signatories indulged in the very thing 
they claim to deplore:  an attempt 
at “shutting down discussion on a 
controversial set of issues,” namely 
the underlying motives behind events 
such as “Justice in Palestine: End the 
Apartheid.”

The LTE praises the “Justice in 
Palestine: End the Apartheid” event as 
something that “compelled attendees 
to ask difficult questions” that are 
“healthy and important questions for 
maintaining a vibrant intellectual life 
at our campus.” Yet it seems the LTE 
signatories place no value — and in 
fact see great harm — in prompting 
students to ask difficult questions 
about the intellectual honesty and 
motives of those who obsessively 
engage in venomous anti-Israel activ-
ism, given much greater human rights 
abuses in Arab countries for which 
there have been no comparable cam-
pus activism. Furthermore, through 
their praise, the LTE signatories seem 
to support the rights of faculty to 
express laudatory opinions about con-
troversial anti-Israel events, whereas 
faculty criticism is somehow an unfair 
attack on freedom of expression. 

The LTE ignores the growing 
chorus of respected voices condemn-

ing the annual anti-Israel events that 
take place on campuses across North 
America including recent denuncia-
tions by Canada’s prime minister and 
his Liberal Party counterpart.  In 
addition, another open letter signed 
by a group of black student leaders 
(“Vanguard Group”) recently appeared 
in the newspapers of several universi-
ties, including UCLA. Addressed to 
Students for Justice in Palestine, this 
letter criticized that group’s use of the 
word “apartheid” in its characteriza-
tion of Israel, stating it was “false,” “cal-
culated” and “deeply offensive.” 

The signatories of the LTE attempt 
to portray themselves as champions 
and defenders of students’ freedom of 
expression.  However, the results of 
a recent Guardian poll on this year’s 
divestment resolution as well as the 
student-authored letters published in 
the Guardian recently (see Letters to 
Editor, April 7 and April 21 issues), 
reveal that a large segment of the stu-
dent body at this university support 
the views conveyed in the Open Letter. 
These letters are consistent with a size-
able number of messages received by 
me and my fellow signatories express-
ing gratitude from students and typi-
fied by the following: “I want to thank 
you from the bottom of my heart for 
having the courage to have our voices 
heard. It means a lot to people who are 
afraid to speak out to know that there 
are professors out there who are not 
biased.”  It is for students such as this 
one all these reasons mentioned above 
that my fellow signatories and I stand 
firmly behind our Open Letter.

— David Feifel, MD, PhD
Professor of Psychiatry

LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Guardian Letter 
Attacked Wrong Principles

▶ high school, from page 4

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be no longer than 500 words, 
typed, double-spaced and signed with a name and 
applicable title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit for length 
and clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the 
Guardian office on the second floor of the Student 
Center or e-mailed. Send all letters to: opinion@
ucsdguardian.org



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011 CAMPUS CALENDAR

A r t s  A n d  C u l t u r e

Together We’ll Blossom Again: Japan 
Relief Art Auction - Come bid on art 
and help raise money to support relief 
efforts in Japan!  Light refreshments will 
be served the day of the event. Questions? 
Contact iclub@ucsd.edu. All proceeds will 
be donated to the Japan Emergency 
Assistance Fund (Japan- EAF). At the 
International Center

C A r e e r s

Write a Winning Resume - Find out 
how to draw employers in, impress them 
with your experience, and stand out above 
the rest as we show you the essential 

I n f o / W o r k s h o p s /
l e C t u r e s

Identity of Second Generation 
Indian Adolescents in the United 
States - Sujata Sriram ill discuss her 
Fulbright Research Scholar research which 
examines how second generation Indian-
American adolescents negotiate varying 
pathways in defining their identity.On 
the one hand are the imperatives of 
inter-relatedness and connections that 

May 9 -13 - Visual Arts Dept. Presents 
MFA 1st Year Review Show for Ela Boyd 
and Hyeyeon Kim - Ela Boyd and Hyeyeon 
Kim present their artwork for their MFA 
First Year Review from May 9-13 (Noon-
4:30pm), and you are cordially invited 
to the closing reception on Friday, May 
13th (6-10pm). Event is free and open 
to the public.

"Need a place to practice a speech, 
presentation or interview? 

f u n  &  e n t e r t A I n m e n t

Free Zumba Classes Tuesdays at The 
Zone - Calorie-burning, body-energizing, 
awe-inspiring movements based on Latin 
rhythms. Zumba trims and strengthens 
your core, and it’s a blast! This fun, free 
class is held every Tuesday in The Zone 
from 12:00-12:45 pm. Sign up on The 
Zone's website to reserve your spot!

Healthy Cooking Demonstrations 
w/ Free Food - Whole Foods, Housing, 
Dining & Hospitality, Student Health, 
Recreation, and Cups Catering sponsor 
these healthy cooking demonstrations, 
complete with free food! Tasty Tuesdays 
is held every Tuesday from 5:00-6:00 pm 
in The Zone. Come hungry, leave happy! 

f u n  &  e n t e r t A I n m e n t

Therapy Fluffy! Thursdays at The 
Zone - Pet a pup! Studies show that 
petting a dog is a wonderful way to 
relieve stress, so the Office of Student 
Wellness sponsors a different therapy 
dog each Thursday from 1:30 to 2:30 
pm in The Zone. You will leave with a 
warm heart and a smiling face!

A r t  A n d  C u l t u r e

Please join us for an Italian lunch 
on the I Center patio from noon until 
1:15pm. The cost is $5 and our menu 
will include: lasagna, herbed garlic 
bread, Caesar salad, and tiramisu 
cake.   This week’s sponsor is the UCSD 
Retirement Association.

f u n  &  e n t e r t A I n m e n t

Sun God Festival 

f u n  &  e n t e r t A I n m e n t

Bill Rancic - entrepreneur and original 
winner of “The Apprentice,” and his wife 
E! News Correspondent Giuliana Rancic. 
- Join one of television’s favorite couples, 
Bill and Giuliana Rancic for a free 
financial education forum presented 
by California Coast Credit Union and 
MasterCard.  They will share insight into 
how they got to where they are today, 
the financial decisions made along 
the way, and provide tips and advice 
for achieving your own personal and 
financial “there.” 1-4 pm at the Balboa 
Theatre (Downtown Gaslamp District)

G e t  I n V o l V e d 

UCSD 6th Annual Free Clinic Phun 
Run – 5K Run/Walk Fundraiser - Hosted by 
Skaggs School of Pharmacy & Pharmaceutical 
Sciences. Proceeds will benefit the UCSD 
Student-Run Free Clinics which provide 
quality health care to the under-served 
population in San Diego. This family friendly 
5K Run/Walk around campus will start and 
finish at the Biomedical Library lawn. The 
registration fee of $15 includes a FREE t-shirt, 
breakfast, awards ceremony & much more! 
There will also be raffle prizes including the 
grand prize - a one night stay for two at the 
luxurious La Costa Resort & Spa - a $300 
value! Prizes will also be awarded to the top 
three male and female runners.

Wednesday May 11

Monday May 9 Tuesday May 10

Thursday May 12 Friday May 13

Saturday May 14 Sunday May 15

ONGOING

L.O.L. (Loft Out Loud)
Tuesday, May 10
7:30pm, The Loft

Lord Huron
Wednesday, May 11 

8:30pm, The Loft

universitycenters.ucsd.edu

Featuring UC San Diego’s own musicians

Week
Price Center and Student Center

7

roma nightS
featuring: Gao Gao and the Bamboo Shoots
monday, may 9 • 8pm
The Loft • FREE

ThE ROOMMATE
thursday, may 12 • 6 & 9pm
Saturday, may 14 • 8pm
Price Center Theater 
$3 Student / $5 general

PRicE cEnTER WEsT, l2
Monday - Friday • 11am - 11pm
Saturday • 12pm - 6pm

BRiDEsMAiDs
monday, may 9 • 8pm
Price Center Theater • FREE with voucher

steps to developing an eye-catching cover 
letter and a powerful resume. 3-4:30pm at 
the Horizon Room

f u n  &  e n t e r t A I n m e n t

Lord Huron at the Loft - Lord Huron's 
music is an auditory travelogue. Evocative 
of many places, but tied to none in 
particular. Lush harmonies inspired by 
Calypso singers, folk traditions and the 
American frontier fuse with modern 
experimentation to create the distinctive 
sound. -- Do your ears a favor and join at 
The Loft for an auditory performance they 
will be sincerely thankful to experience! 
8:30pm

L.O.L (Loft out Loud) - The Loft and AS 
Concerts & Events are proud to present 
our last LOL of the year featuring:  Amir 
K Kris Tinkle  with support from:  Dallas 
Mclaughlin Bijan Moustavi Gordon 
Downs Zoltan. Musical talents of Scooter 
& Ollie and of course our host and 
comedian Feraz Ozel! 7:30pm at the Loft. 
UCSD Students $2, Regular $5. 

C A r e e r s

Hot Jobs in Today’s Market - 
Companies ARE recruiting! Some sectors 
anticipate hiring a large number of 
recent graduates this year. Get the scoop 
on hot job opportunities and industries 
in today’s market. Learn where the 
opportunities are and which industries 
continue to hire. 12:30 – 1:30pm at the 
Horizon Room

every monday in the guardian!
Submit your SPRING events for FREE!

get listed...

ucsdcalendar@yahoo.com

Keep it brief. 30-60 words. Include the name of your
event, time, location and contact info.

Week of 5/9- 5/15

Have a question about how to email 
your professor or boss? The Center for 
Communication and Leadership offers 
Peer - Peer advising to give feedback and 
advice or to answer answer any question 
related to communication and leadership. 
Stop by anytime or make an individual 
appointment with the Peer Educators 
who are available every Wednesday from 
1:00P.M - 3:00P.M in the Revelle College 
Room of Price Center. For more information 
visit http://www.ccl.ucsd.edu."

come from their families and familial 
culture. On the other hand, there are 
the demands of individualism and self-
sufficiency that come from the host 
society in which they have been born. 
Presented by the UC San Diego Institute 
for International, Comparative, and Area 
Studies. -- Register: http://iicas.ucsd.
edu/speaker-series/registration.html. 
3pm at Roosevelt College Admin Bldg 
Room.



 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7

LEISURE
MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011

ContaCt the editor: focus@ucsdguardian.org

www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/fOCUSwww.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/fOCUS

With the Sun God Festival just a few days away, San Diego can expect a massive influx of 
out-of-towners this weekend. When you’re done doin’ it big to Wiz, grab your tourist friend 
and keep the party going at some of our favorite bars in town.

BOTTOMS UP

Aero Club understands the importance 
of being stacked — this dive has some of the 
best alcohol selection in San Diego (there’s 
literally a wall of booze). Aero Club has 
over 350 whiskeys alone, and bartenders are 
attentive and knowledgeable. The bar also 
has WiFi, pool tables, a pinball machine, old 
movies playing around the joint and best of 
all, a jukebox stacked with everything from 
the Strokes to Iggy Pop.  

Dimly lit and with airplanes dangling 
from the ceiling, Aero Club doesn’t take 
itself too seriously. It’s best for those look-
ing to drink with friends after a long day 
without the added stress of a pre-drink 
gussy-up. Juiceheads beware: this is primar-
ily a hipster hangout — expect Arcade Fire 
t-shirts and skinny jeans. 

Aero Club is located about 15 minutes 
from campus, and prices are comparable to 
happy hours at other bars. (Less than $16 
can get you a round of single liquors).

Also check out: Live Wire, North Park’s 
oldest craft beer bar. Though it’s practi-
cally airtight, the bartenders are friendly and 
drinks are reasonably priced.

By NeDa SalaMaT
FOcUS eDiTOr 

3365 india St, Mission Hills, San Diego, 92103
Hours: 2 p.m. – 2 a.m. every day
Price: $

THe aerO clUB Bar
Dive Bars

puBs

Beer is a staple in any college kid’s diet, and Hamiltons has enough variety to get you through all 
four years at UCSD — maybe even a fifth, if you fail that mechanical engineering class for showing 
up hammered to the final. To keep your eye from wandering to greener pastures, Hamiltons has 28 
tap handles and two cask beer engines with everything from dry stouts to fruit beers. Or, if you prefer 
a bottle, the pub has 200 different varieties. The dinner menu consists of upscale munchies — any of 
Hamiltons’ many grilled cheese options are a safe bet. The Wimpy’s Revenge (8.50) with BBQ pulled 
chicken, sharp cheddar, wahoo wheat chipotle, raspberry BBQ sauce and jalapeno cheese bread is a 
house favorite. 

The bar is packed with twentysomethings in casual dress, and the décor is unpretentious and 
reflective of the beer-loving atmosphere: hundreds of taps playfully hang from the ceiling and, accord-
ing to their menu, pretty much everything has beer in the recipe. Even the paint on the walls has beer 
in it. That’s what we call commitment. 

Also check out: Rocky’s Crown Pub — they serve up the perfect marriage of cheap-ass drinks and 
hearty, juicy burgers.

HaMilTONS TaverN
1521 30th St, South Park, San Diego 92102
Hours: Mon-Fri 3 p.m. – 2 a.m. Sat and Sun 1 p.m. – 2 a.m.
Price: $$

wine Bars

Recreating Alice’s fall down the rabbit hole should be impossible (without, you know, shrooms) 
but Vin De Syrah, located roughly 20 minutes from campus, suggests otherwise. With 50-year old ivy-
covered walls, massive botanic chandeliers and overstuffed, brightly colored couches, this Parisian-
style bar is a trip. There’s an electro-house DJ spinning music in one corner, and the bar glitters with 
an array of unusual options (many beers and wines are imported). 

As expected, most of Vin De Syrah’s patrons are young professionals, so dress is semi-casual. 
Prices are a bit steeper than average (a glass of wine runs anywhere from $7 to $10). Stop in during 
happy hour instead — Tuesday through Friday, 4 p.m. to 8 p.m., and Sunday, 4 p.m. to 12 a.m. — for 
more reasonable prices, including $3 for draft beers, $4 for well drinks and $5 for red or white wine 
or sangria.

Also check out: Red Velvet Wine Bar, a pricey but high-class joint in Little Italy.  If you’ve got the 
money to blow, the wine selection is aces, and the employees are more than happy to help a burgeoning 
wino pick their poison.

901 5th ave, Gaslamp, San Diego 92101
Price: $$
Hours: Tue-Sat 4 p.m.- 2 a.m.; Sun 4 p.m.- 12 a.m.

MusiC venues

viN De SyraH SPiriT aND WiNe ParlOr

Like drinking away a hangover, every experi-
enced festivalgoer knows the best way to banish the 
post-Sun God blues is to get liquored up and watch 
some live music. At the Belly Up, you’re conveniently 
provided with both.

Drinks are a bit on the pricey side, and the music 
acts playing Sun God weekend at the Belly Up are 
a who’s-who of, well, who? But with the Belly Up, 
it’s all about the atmosphere. The bar is right at the 
entrance, with an unobstructed view of the stage, 
save the standing general admission. There’s also 
seating on the top floors and near the side wings of 
the general admission, so if your feet get tired (or 
if you get too sloshed), you can grab a chair and 
still have a decent view of the talent. Acoustics are 
excellent, and the décor (which includes a shark 
hanging from the ceiling and a lot of wood paneling) 
is reflective of the laidback patrons that the Belly 
Up attracts.  The crowd is made up of easygoing 
twentysomethings, and though the venue can cram a 
staggering 600 in its deceptively large space, it always 
feels intimate.

Also check out: the Casbah, a gritty venue fea-
turing Urge Overkill and Astronaut Academy this 
weekend.

Belly UP TaverN
143 South cedros avenue, Solana Beach
Price: $$
Hours: 9 p.m. – 1 a.m. every day

TYLER KERN/Guardian FiLE

PhoTos couRTEsY of hamiLToNs TavERN



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011 fOCUS

WHY ADVERTISE?

SUN GOD ISSUE  5.12.11
40,000 EYES

 w w w . u c s d g u a r d I A N . o r g

 CALL (858) 534-0466   TO            RESERVE           YOUR  SPOT!

I f you’ve ever thought going to a baseball game is little more than watching sweaty guys occasionally run around bases, head over to San Diego Padres’ College Night — it’s 
way more than just baseball. Purchase your ticket online at 
the Padres’ official website for a designated College Night, 
which offers local college students an $8.00 ticket — 40 per-
cent off the original price. 

Don’t forget to head early to Petco Park for the game — 
the way that the Padres are playing so far this season, the 
game will be halfway over if you’re a little late. Though the 
tickets might be worth more than $8.00 you threw down, the 
seats are in the nosebleed section. (Think high enough to 
touch the billboards).

Still, you can’t beat the ballpark for delicious, overpriced 
nosh. Garlic fries, the park’s smelliest, most delicious side 
dish, will set you back $6.50 for a small tray, though they’re 
judiciously topped with heaping chunks of fresh garlic and 

parsley (be sure to grab a fork so that you don’t stink up your 
hands).  The Bud Light on tap ranged from $5 for a small cup 
to $7.50 for a large (about double the size of the small). 

Keep in mind that this is college night. A DJ blasts music 
from the College Night section in the upper right field, turn-
ing what otherwise would be a drab no-hitter of a game into 
a sloppy coed mixer. 

Going to College Night means keeping an open mind 
about watching hordes of drunk SDSU students spend the 
equivalent of a small developing country’s GDP on plastic 
cups brimming with Bud Light. And, consequentl,y spew-
ing garlic fries across the bleachers. And then sitting in their 
mess for two hours (if it’s a good night for the Padres). 

Also, keep an open mind about fights. Whether you’re 
the type that throws beer at the cops who inevitably come to 
break it up or just the creeper who takes pictures and posts 
them online, College Nights have no shortage of irrational 

behavior to break up the monotony of the game. 
In the end, it’s less about the game than the company. 

Make sure to bring friends willing to get sloppy with you, and 
at least one who’s up for holding your hair. 

If you’re looking for a real bargain at a baseball game that 
doesn’t result in State students being escorted out in hand-
cuffs, throw down five bucks and buy a “Picnic at the Park” 
ticket. 

You get to bring your own food, hang out on the lawn, and 
watch a slightly obstructed view of the game from the “Park 
at the Park” section behind center field. Be sure to go on a 
day with free giveaways like Padres beach towels. Nothing 
says “America’s favorite pastime” like free swag. 

— MARGARET YAU
SEnioR STAff WRiTER

SITESEEN

SAN DIEGO PADRES’ COLLEGE NIGHT: HIT OR MISS

HAVE A DRINK ON US
Equal parts orangE juicE and pink lEmonadE

onE shot of vodka 
garnish with orangE 

A certain Zanzibar bartender is known to make this cocktail when she encounters an alco-
holic’s worst nightmare: a chaser shortage (in this case, orange juice). The addition of TJ’s pink 
lemonade juice adds a tart, citrus-y taste to the concoction, and neutralizes the alcohol to mask 
the flavor of the Popov (i.e., lighter fluid) you’re likely downing.

THE PINK SCREWDRIVER

aNdREw oh/Guardian

707 G Street
San Diego, CA 92101

Ph 619.230.0125

PhoTos couRTEsY of fREd QafiTi



fOCUS MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

SAN DIEGO_TEASER AD_3.2”x7”

O P E N S F R I D A Y
M A Y 1 3 T H

RESTAURANTREVIEW • ANDREW WHITWORTH

Y ou’re probably familiar with Zanzibar Cafe, the delicious, vaguely bourgie eatery that occupies the Loft’s space at Price Center East during the 
day. You might be less familiar with Zanzibar’s two 
other locations: one in Pacific Beach and the other 
in downtown San Diego (both around a 20-minute 
drive from campus). 

Though the three restaurants are bound by a 
similar aesthetic and a few common menu choices, 
the food they serve is, for the most part, entirely 
different. 

Zanzibar’s downtown location, nestled within 
the relatively unassuming East Village neighbor-
hood, combines surprisingly reasonable pricing 
with excellent ingredients and an attention to detail 
that makes for a refreshing dining experience.

The interior much like its food, is a clean, 
unpretentious reinterpretation of a classic bras-
serie, with plenty of wood paneling and brass railing. Though 
the menu’s certainly more entree-focused than its UCSD 

counterpart, Zanzibar’s selection is still heavy on appetizers, 
salads, sliders and cheese boards. If you catch 
them during happy hour (between 5 p.m. and 
7 p.m. on weekdays), you can find plenty of 
great deals. 

The Yellowfin Slider ($12 as a trio, $4 
individually), served on a fresh brioche roll 
with rare yellowfin tuna, bibb lettuce, pickled 
cucumber and Sriracha mayonnaise, is a par-
ticular highlight. 

Though Sriracha is a familiar flavor for 
many students, the combination of its garlicky 
spiciness with the cucumber’s subtle tang and 
the fresh tuna is an interesting one. 

Another strong option is the House-made 
Vegetarian Chili ($6 for a cup, $8 for a bowl). 
While it may not make for the most intrigu-
ing line on the menu, the chili, like much of 

Zanzibar’s menu, it’s fresh, delicious and unpretentious. The 
chili’s accompanied by a slice of Zanzibar’s delicious corn-

bread, a perfect complement to soak up the leftovers.
For diners with a larger appetite, there’s the Rustic Flatbread 

($11), which consists of bacon, roasted onion, fig jam, brie and 
mozzarella on a layer of toasted focaccia crust. The contrast 
between the smoky bacon and the tart fig jam is outstand-
ing, and these stronger ingredients are balanced by the earthy, 
creamy brie. 

Also excellent is the Zbar Mac & Cheese ($8), which 
combines Fiscalini aged cheddar, feta, fontina and parmesan 
cheeses for a highbrow take on the comfort food classic. 

As patrons of Zanzibar’s La Jolla location can attest, the 
restaurant serves strong, full-bodied coffee, which can also be 
ordered downtown. Likewise, Zanzibar’s wide array of desserts 
will satisfy the pickiest sweet tooth. The Warm Brioche Bread 
Pudding ($6.50) is served with dried apricot and pistachio and 
covered with a honey-bourbon glaze. 

The bread pudding, easily large enough for sharing, is 
served with fresh ice cream, and the combination of the warm, 
gooey glaze with flavorful pistachio makes the dish a filling 
bookend to a light lunch of California cuisine.

ZANZIBAR cAfe DOWNTOWN 707 G StreetSan Diego, CA 92101Ph 619.230.0125

Hours: 
8 a.m. - 10 p.m. every 
day

Price Range: 
$5 to $18

Recommended: 
Yellowfin Slider
Rustic Flatbread
Zbar Mac & Cheese
Brioche Bread Pudding

JEssica hsu/Guardian



Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

CLASSIFIEDSMONDAY, MAY 9, 201110 THE UCSD GUARDIAN

5/5/11 Sudoku Solutions

Find the Crossword solution in 
this Thursday's Classifieds Page 

Across
1 Edible bow ties
6 Largemouth fish
10 Places
14 Twitter message
15 Provoke
16 Shimmery sushi fish
17 God of Islam
18 "Happy Gilmore" actor Sandler
19 Song sung alone
20 Good reason to reopen a closed case
23 Intent
24 Former franc fraction
25 Broad genre that began in Van 

Gogh's time
31 Important purchase for a bride
35 "__ Fideles": Christmas carol
36 Miami University state
38 "Figured it out!"
39 Emeralds and diamonds
40 Enlarge, as a road
42 Elvis __ Presley
43 "Who am __ judge?"
44 Unit of force
45 Natural ability
47 __ Rica
49 Original thought
51 LAX or JFK, for American Airlines
53 Joule fraction
54 Title of Obama's 2009 Cairo speech, 

and what 20-, 25- and 49-Across 
have in common

61 Festive party
62 Tree house?
63 Spine-chilling
66 Like Homer's "Iliad"
67 Hudson Bay native
68 Furnish with more weapons
69 Eraser crumb site
70 Pay attention to
71 Eyelid woes Indiana city of song

Down
1 "Harper Valley __"
2 Hole-making tool
3 Ego
4 Rip
5 Deep down inside
6 Rodeo bull
7 White House staffer
8 Pole or Czech
9 Big rigs
10 One who puts on airs
11 Atop
12 Soft rock
13 Horse's footwear
21 Muscular
22 Birdbrain, or extinct bird
25 Hocus-pocus
26 Words that start many Keats titles
27 Band samples
28 Twisty road curve
29 Beverly Hills's __ Drive
30 Alexander-Great link
32 Like some seals
33 Glistened
34 Rudolph's boss
37 Apprentice
41 B&B
42 Baba who tangled with thieves
44 Slap on, as paint
46 Casbah city
48 Hitting sound
50 Blew off steam
52 Where second stringers sit
54 Like fine wine
55 Scruff
56 Yale alumni
57 Richard of "Chicago"
58 Words of understanding
59 Hair removal brand
60 Cloudy
64 Anger
65 Letters after els

ACCEPT
WE NOW

GET YOUR SUN GOD MERCHANDISE NOW!

FOLLOW US @TritonOutfitter AND BE A FAN for EXCLUSIVE clues for Sun God Babies. 

NEW L
OCATI

ON!

VISIT US A
T THE PRIC

E CENTER 

PLAZA FRO
M NOW TIL

 SUN GOD 

FESTIVAL •
 10am-4pm

Jobs
Summer Job Opportunities  Make $400 
- $800+ per week, PAID WEEKLY!   Full 
Training Provided, No Experience Needed   
Entry Level & Mngmt. Positions Available  
Long Term Positions available!   Call for 
Details 858-715-1725.  (5/12) 

Now Hiring - The Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center is now hiring for the summer. 
Experience in wakeboarding, sailing, wind 
surfing, surfing, stand-up paddling, kaya-
king, rowing or marine science is recom-
mended. Will train qualified applicants. 
Office assistant and maintenance posi-
tions available as well. Visit mbaquatic-
center.com/jobs for more info or email 
kevin.straw@sdsu.edu  (6/2)

STORAGE

Call for reservation 858-566-3881

With student ID. Daily pro-rate available to Sept.
O T H E R  S I Z E S  AVA I L A B LE

scrippsmesastorage

5x5  $25 per month
5x6  $28 per month
5x7  $30 per month
5x8  $34 per month

studentsummerrates

Facilitate board discussions to determine...

student leadership
opportunity!

The uniVersitY centers adVisorY board (ucab) 
is now accepting applications for its Chair and Vice-Chair positions

for the 2011-12 academic year.

aPPlY online at
http://ucab.ucsd.edu

aPPlication deadline
WednesdaY, maY 11, 4pm

For questions or more info: nmetildi@ucsd.edu

how space is 
allocated in the 
Price center and 
student center

policies
governing the 

university centers 
such as hours of 

operation
what services 

should be 
provided in the 

buildings

L.A. AREA SUMMER DAY CAMPS! 
Swimming, horses, sports, crafts, archery, 
beaches, ropes courses and more. Gain 
valuable experience working with chil-
dren in a variety of fun camp settings! 
http://www.daycampjobs.com (5/19) 

$12.85 Shuttle Driver Trainee  Safe driv-
ers wanted   for ucsd campus job   You 
need a job !   Shuttles will hire 100 UCSD 
students for summer training. Need info? 
shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu (6/2)

Summer Day Camp - Greater Los Angeles 
Area. Counselors, instructors for horse-
back riding, gym, arts & crafts, swim-
ming, rock climbing, petting farm, music 
& drama and more. (888)784-CAMP 
ww.workatcamp.com" www.workatcamp.
com (6/2)

UCSD BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY STUDY: 
Subjects with current allergy symptoms 
to inhaled allergens (cat, grass, dustmites) 
needed as blood donors for research 
study requiring donation of blood and 
allergy skin testing. Will be reimbursed 
$100 for completion of 2 clinic visit study. 
Contact Dr. Broide Department Medicine 
858.534.2033 (6/2)

services
EGG DONORS NEEDED $10,000, plus 
expenses. We are seeking attractive 
and intelligent women of all ethnicities.  
Please contact: 1-800-264-8828 or dar-
lene@aperfectmatch.com. www.aperfect-
match.com      ASRM-SART ID# 1202 (5/31)

student Housing
Large,  Nice, Homes, N Pacific Beach since 
1995. 5-8 Bedrooms, one person per bed-
room. Upper Division, grads, over 21. Not 
zoned for Fraternity or Sorority or party 
houses. 858-274-4017 (5/23) 

Coast/Mesa Apartment Summer Sublet  
UCSD Alum and family interested in sub-
let of Coast or Mesa two-bedroom, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for July 2011.  May 
be able to rent a bit longer or slightly dif-
ferent dates (late-June to early-August).  
We are clean, solvent and reliable.  Email  
ranmer@azcc.arizona.edu  (5/31)



SPORTS MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

Tagmyer — to clinch their third consecutive 
CCAA regular season title.

Cal State San Bernardino opened up the 
scoring with an RBI in the first inning off 
Triton starter Guido Knudson, but the Tritons 
responded in the bottom of the third, plating 
five runs off five hits. Blake Tagmyer had a 
two RBI double, Kyle Saul had an RBI single 
and second baseman Matt Hubbard knocked 
in two more before the damage was done.

Tagmyer hit a three-run home run in the 
sixth inning, his first of the year.

Cal State San Bernardino responded with 
three runs in the top of the fourth to bring 
the score to 5-4, but the Coyotes only had 
two more hits the rest of the game. Knudson 
(8-3) went six innings and gave up all four 
runs — three of them earned — to win his 
fifth straight start. Justin Burns, Tony York 
and Eric Abraham kept the Coyote bats quiet 
the rest of the game.

May 7 (GaMe 1)

UC San Diego 3, CSUSB 2

Pinch hitter Nick Hom knocked in the go-
ahead run with a double in the top of the ninth, 
and the Tritons held on to take the first game of 
the doubleheader.

Up 2-1 in the bottom of the eighth, Cal 
State San Bernardino’s David Silvas hit a double 
and advanced to third on a groundout. The 
Tritons brought in reliever Elias Tuma, but 
could not prevent the runner from scoring, and 
the Coyotes tied the game on an RBI single.

But with two outs in the ninth, the Tritons 
got back-to-back doubles from Bauman and 
Hom to take the lead. Simmons pitched a per-
fect ninth inning for his fourth save.

May 7 (GaMe 2)
UCSD 7, CSUSB 6

UCSD took the lead in the top of the last 
inning for the second straight game as the 
Tritons eliminated the Coyotes from playoff 
contention.

The Tritons put up four runs in the fourth, 
but the Coyotes came back with five runs in 
their half of the inning. Triton starter Jeff Ruah 
was knocked out of the game after giving up 
three runs in three and one-third innings. His 
replacement, Tony York, did not fare any bet-
ter and gave up three runs without getting an 
out. Reliever Justin Burns finally got out of the 
fourth inning, but UCSD trailed 6-5.

UCSD tied the game in the sixth inning 
thanks to a Susdorf single, and a balk allowed 
pinch runner Scott Liske to score to give the 
Tritons the lead in the seventh inning. 

Tuma pitched the seventh inning — the last 
of the game — to pick up his seventh save of 
the season. 

The Tritons now head to the CCAA 
Tournament in Stockton, Calif. from May 12 to 
May 14. As the top seed, the Tritons will place 
fourth-seed Cal Poly Pomona in the first round. 
UCSD is 3-1 against Pomona this season. 

 
Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@ucsd.
edu.

Meet, despite competing while sick. The 
senior won the 100- and 200-meter dash, and 
anchored the 4x100 relay team that finished in 
second. Fogarty had times of 11.65 and 23.92 
in the 100 and 200, respectively, for fairly com-
fortable victories in both events. 

The Tritons scored big points in the 400 
hurdles, taking three of the top four spots. 
Senior Deyna Roberson won the event with a 
personal best 61.76.

Danielle Thu threw 178’10 to easily win the 
hammer throw, outdistancing second place by 
over 20 feet. Thu also took third in the shot 
put. 

Theresa Richards took first in the javelin 
throw with a toss of 145’11. Sophomore Jessica 
Miklaski turned in an outstanding perfor-
mance to take second in the event, throwing 
well over her previous best at 136’01”.

The Tritons scored 176 points as a team, 

trailing only Chico State’s total of 210. Cal 
State Los Angeles finished third with 116 
points.

On the men’s side, junior Nick Howe won 
his third straight conference title in the jav-
elin throw with a mark of 220’2”. Howe also 
recorded a mark of 6’4.25” in the high jump, 
taking second place in his first year competing 
in the event.

Senior Jesse Morrill pulled off a monster 
race in the 3000 steeplechase, clocking a per-
sonal-best 9:03.19 to win the event and record 
an NCAA provisional qualifier.

“It was the race of a lifetime,” Salerno said. 
“[Morrill] deserves a lot of credit for that. He 
did it when it counted — in the conference 
championship meet to help the team.”

Morrill was basically racing alone — with 
the second place runner not close to him in 
the race — and in the hottest part of the day.

“He took a worst-case scenario, and had 

the race of his like,” Salerno said. “And that’s 
really, really impressive, and we’re really proud 
of him.

Junior Ka Wai Ng set a school record in the 
100-meter dash preliminaries, clocking 10.74. 
He fell back a little in the finals of the race on 
Saturday, with a 10.93 finish good for fifth 
place. He also took second in his main event, 
the triple jump, with a leap of 47’6.25”.

Chico State was once again dominant with 
237 points, comfortably ahead of Cal State L. 
A.’ 143. UCSD finished just behind Cal State 
L.A. with 141.5 points. 

The Tritons will travel to the Cal State L.A. 
Invitational next weekend as a final warm-up 
meet for the athletes that qualified for the 
NCAA Division-II National Championships 
the weekend of May 20.

 
Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@ucsd.
edu.

UCSD Will Face Cal Poly Pomona in First Round of  CCAA Tourney

Wins in Steeplechase, 400 Hurdles Among Highlights for Tritons

▶ BASEBALL, from page 12

▶ TRACK, from page 12

Okasaki Advances 
to National Finals
By Jessica Traynor
Staff Writer

GOLF — Keith Okasaki is going to NCAA 
Championship Finals for the first time.

Competing at the NCAA Division-II Central/
West Regional on May 2 to May 4, he tied for fifth 
place with an overall score of 214. Okasaki quali-
fied by being one of the lowest-scoring individuals 
on a team that didn’t advance.

The tournament took place at the University 
of New Mexico Championships Golf Course, and 
though the altitude change took getting used to, 
Okasaki had coach Mike Wydra there with him.

 “[Wydra] basically did what a tour caddy 
would do for me,” Okasaki said. “And he definitely 
saved me some strokes.”

Okasaki’s first round was his best, and with 
strong putting, he scored 68 to tie for first place. 

In the second round, he managed to hit the 
ball well, although his putting was weaker than in 
round one. Okasaki shot a 70 for the round, and 
after the first two days, he was alone in first place.

In the third round, Okasaki slipped. He was 
even through six holes, but hit a bad stretch at 
holes 7- 10, which ended with him at five over par. 
Okasaki finished the round with 76, tying him for 
fifth overall for the tournament. 

“I was pretty focused, didn’t think about the 
overall result,” Okasaki said.

That result was Okasaki’s first trip to the finals, 
and his best three-round score this season. This 
was the third-straight season that Okasaki went to 
the regional competition. Before the competition, 
Okasaki said that he hadn’t “really considered it 
[going to finals],” and that he “still thinks it’s pretty 
impossible to make it out of regionals.” 

Now, Okasaki will represent the Tritons at the 
NCAA National Championships, which will be 
held from May 16 to May 20 in Florence, Alabama.

To prepare, Okasaki went home to Sacramento. 
“I’m a much more efficient practicer up here,” 

he said. 
Okasaki said he will play several courses in 

the area before heading to Alabama.
 
Readers can contact Jessica Traynor at jtraynor@
ucsd.edu.



www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

SPORTS
MONDAY, MAY 9, 2011

ContaCt the editor: sports@ucsdguardian.org

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

BASEBALL

SOFTBALL
MEN’S TENNIS

WOMEN’S WATER POLO

5/12

5/13
5/13
5/13

VS Cal Poly Pomona 
(CCAA Tournament)
AT NCAA West Regionals
AT NCAA Tournament
AT NCAA Tournament

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

STAYING HOT
“After a tough loss about six weeks 

ago, the guys got together and made a 
decision that that’s not how the season 

is going to go. And here we are.”

Dan O’Brien
HEAD COACH

The Tritons faced a rough start to this season, but the end couldn’t have gone any smoother, as the team cruised to their third straight CCAA regular season title over the 
weekend. UCSD swept Cal State San Bernardino to run their win-
ning streak to 17 games.

“I can’t say enough about our team,” head coach Dan O’Brien 
said after clinching the title. “We’re led by an incredible senior 
class. We had a tough start to the season, and we faced a lot of 
adversity dealing with the pressures and expectations. After a 
tough loss about six weeks ago, the guys got together and made a 
decision that that’s not the way the season’s going to go. And here 
we are.”

The Tritons finished the regular season 38-12 overall and 29-11 
in the CCAA.

“The CCAA Championship this year is pretty special,” O’Brien 
said. “This is the best I’ve seen the conference in the 11 years that 
I’ve been around, and these guys have a lot to be proud of.”

May 5
UC San Diego 4, Cal State San Bernardino 1

Tim Shibuya pitched eight solid innings to get his 10th win 
of the year, and the Tritons took the opening game of the series.

Shibuya (10-3) allowed six hits and one run in eight innings 
while striking out six and walking one. Reliever Daniel Simmons 
pitched the ninth for his third save of the year.

The Tritons got on the board with RBI singles from first base-
man Blake Tagmyer and right fielder Kyle Saul in the first inning. 
Left fielder Aaron Bauman and center fielder Danny Susdorf also 
had an RBI apiece in the game.

May 6
UC San Diego 10, CSUSB 4

UCSD used a five-run third inning — and five RBI from Blake 

By Liam Rose •
Sports editor

Photo By John hanacek • 
Guardian

Winners of 17 straight 
games, the Tritons wrapped 
up their third consecutive 

regular season conference title 
this past weekend.

............................................

TrITONS TAkE SECOND, THIrD AT CCAA MEET

Stephanie LeFever took Female Field Athlete of the Meet Honors, winning three events and garnering points in four others.
Brian Yip/Guardian FiLE

By Liam Rose
Sports Editor

TRACK & FIELD — They couldn’t 
break Chico State’s dominance, but 
the Tritons came away with a pair of 
podium finishes over the weekend 
at the CCAA Championships in 
Turlock, Calif. The women’s team 
placed second for the second straight 
year, while the men’s team took third 
place.

“We thought we competed about 
as well as we possibly could,” men’s 
head coach Tony Salerno said. “The 
conference is as tough as it’s ever 
been, and we feel we stepped up to 
that level.”

Chico took both the men’s and 
women’s title for the second straight 

year. It was the second straight title 
for the Wildcat women, while the 
men’s team continued their domi-
nance with an eighth consecutive title.

On the women’s side, Stephanie 
LeFever led the way for the Tritons, 
taking home Female Field Athlete of 
the Meet honors with an outstanding 
performance. LeFever had perhaps 
the busiest meet of any athlete, com-
peting in five events in addition to the 
heptathlon. 

The senior won the heptathlon 
with a score of 5282, well above her 
nearest competitor. LeFever also took 
first in the long jump with a leap of 
19’11.75”, as well as the triple jump in 
a personal-best 39’3”. She was fifth in 
the 100 hurdles, seventh in the high 
jump and fourth in the javelin throw 
as well. All told, LeFever garnered an 
astounding 41 points for her team, 
better than some of the teams in the 
meet.

“There were no questions about 
who was going to be athlete of the 
meet,” Salerno said.

Kelly Fogarty was also a standout 
as Female Track Co-Athlete of the 

See TRACK, page 11

See BASEBALL, page 11

Chico State sweeps 
Again, but LeFever, 

Fogarty farner Athlete 
of the Meet honors 

amid host of impressive 
performances. 


	050911News.pdf
	050911Opinion.pdf
	050911Calendar_PG6.pdf
	050911Focus.pdf
	050911Classifieds_PG10.pdf
	050911SportsFINAL.pdf

