
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 17

By Nicole chaN
Associate News Editor

     The Hillcrest/Campus shuttle route 
could be combined with the Hillcrest/Old 
Town route by next April, according to a 
proposal announced by UCSD Transporta-
tion services on Nov. 7. If approved, the 
consolidation of the shuttle services will 
take effect April 2, 2012.

“Stop UCSD Hillcrest Shuttle Cuts” peti-
tion organizer Ramin Hashemi first heard 
about the proposal in mid-October, when 
Transportation Services posted a flyer near 
the Hillcrest shuttle stop and shuttle driv-
ers passed around an informational sheet 
to riders. 

According to Hashemi, Hillcrest resi-
dents without cars depend largely on the 
current Hillcrest/Campus shuttle to com-
mute to school.

For example, Muir College senior Nena 
Eichelberger moved to Hillcrest after trans-
ferring to UCSD because of the transporta-
tion services.

“I moved to Hillcrest and sold my car 
because the shuttle was here,” Eichelberger 
said. “Those decisions were made based 
on the transportation system that UCSD 
provided.”

According to Hashemi, the proposed 
shuttle service change could double the 
length of the commute for students who live 
in Hillcrest, North Park, Mission Hills, City 
Heights and other neighboring areas. 

“[The current commute] is 20 minutes 
back and forth, which is not bad at all,” 
Hashemi said. “With the addition of the 
stops, it could take at least 35 minutes to get 
to La Jolla with traffic. Adding Old Town 
could make it 45 to 50 minutes, maybe even 
an hour in really bad traffic.”

Hashemi has responded by creating a 
Facebook event urging students to protest 
the change, compiling a survey to gauge 
student usage of the current shuttle route 
and creating a petition to save said route. 
This was done to gather information for the 
Nov. 14 and Nov. 15 student input sessions 
hosted by Transportation Services.

As of press time, 46 students have signed 
the petition.

According to Hashemi, the current route 
already poses difficulties to students staying 
on campus in the evenings, since the buses 
leave every hour starting at 7 p.m. and run 
until 9 p.m.

“If they were to consolidate it, they need 
to add more frequency [of the shuttles] and 
extend the hours to 10 p.m., 10:30 p.m. or 
11 p.m.,” Hashemi said. 

Hillcrest, Old 
Town Shuttle 
Routes to be 
Combined Guardian staffers pick the premier theatres, restaurants, thrift stores and 

more of America’s finest city.

BEST OF 
SAN DIEGO

See SHUTTLES, page 3

By Natalie covate
Senior Staff Writer

Proposed changes to TritonLink and 
WebReg include the possibility of allowing 
students to switch sections without drop-
ping a class.

Other possible changes include a new 
mobile site and being able to register on any 
smartphone, though the committee has not 
announced an official launch date for the 
changes to take effect. 

“There will be lots of changes in inte-
gration which [ACS] needs to work on,” 
TritonLink Executive Committee under-
graduate representative and Campuswide 
Senator Karen Liang said. “A lot of people 
have come to me saying that it’s difficult 
having a lot of tabs open [for registration], 
so we’re making this all one window.”

The schedule of classes, class planner 
and registration sign-up time are among the 
registration tools that will be included in the 
single-window WebReg.

The TritonLink Executive Committee is 
also discussing changing the calendar fea-
ture so students can add personal events, 
extracurricular activities and work sched-
ules to their planner in order to see if there 
are time conflicts. 

“We’re going to make TritonLink a lot 
simpler,” Liang said. “We don’t even know 
if we are going to call it WebReg after this 
because [the changes will affect] the whole 
toolbox [of TritonLink].”

In addition, students can now register for 
classes via smartphone by using the m.ucsd.
edu mobile website.

The iPhone application will also be run 

Committee 
Proposes New 
Features for 
WebReg

See WEBREG, page 3

By ReBecca hoRwitz
Associate News Editor

A.S. Council impeached Marshall College 
Senator Summer Perez at its meeting last 
Wednesday, Nov. 8. 

According to the A.S. bylaws, councilmem-
bers with more than three unexcused absences 
are eligible for impeachment. Perez had five.

At the Committee Affairs meeting Nov. 
8, councilmembers brought up legislation to 
excuse Perez’s absences. The motion was tabled 
indefinitely, meaning that it could be brought up 
anytime in the future. 

Perez said that she didn’t want the legisla-
tion tabled and instead wanted to excuse her 
absence sooner. The issue was brought up again 

during the night’s council meeting. According to 
Perez, she was impeached because her reasons 
for excusing the absence —  sickness —  were 
inadequate.

Marshall Student Committee Vice Chair 
Brianna Nelson spoke during the Nov. 8 meet-
ing’s public input period. Nelson said it was 
unacceptable for Perez to ignore the attendance 
rules.

“The purpose of a senator is to represent 
our voice,” Nelson said. “I find it inexcusable to 
ignore the rules you put in place.”

Advocate General Courtney Hill motioned 
for the impeachment of Perez. 

The meeting was closed for nearly an hour, 
while council discussed whether to impeach 
Perez. 

Perez said the discussions revolved around 
personal issues instead of addressing the absenc-
es.

“It was completely biased against me,” Perez 
said. “It got so personal to the point where 

Facebook was involved, which was completely 
irrelevant to the whole situation.”

Perez said she will not appeal the council’s 
decision. 

“If somebody doesn’t want me in office that 
bad that they’d have to [impeach me], then 
there’s no point for me [to stay],” Perez said. “I 
can still grow in other ways and still be involved 
on campus.”

Marshall College Council will now reopen  
Perez’s position so interested students may apply 
to become her replacement. 

After reviewing new applications and con-
ducting interviews, Marshall College Council 
will recommend a candidate to A.S. Council, 
which will need to approve the final appoint-
ment.

At this time no other councilmember has 
three unexcused absences.

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz at
rahorwit@ucsd.edu

COunCil impeaCHeS maRSHall COlleGe SenaTOR 

TRanSpORTaTiOnOnline

a.S. COunCil

INSIDE
monday

Height: 4-6 ft.
Wind: 4-7 mph

Water Temp: 62 F

Tuesday
Height: 4 ft.

Wind: 2-5 mph
Water Temp: 62 F

Wednesday
Height: 3-4 ft.
Wind: 2-4 mph 

Water Temp: 62 F

Thursday
Height: 2 ft.

Wind: 4-6 mph 
Water Temp: 62 F

LOw

$3.57
optima, Chula Vista
498 Broadway & H St.
HIGH

$4.49
76, Coronado
900 Orange ave & 9th St.

monday
H 62 l 50

Tuesday
H 61 l 51

GAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

Wednesday
H 66 l 51

Thursday
H 65 l 52

Birdland .................................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
Talking to Machines ...............4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Best of San Diego .................6
Sudoku ..................................9
Sports ..................................12

monday Tuesday

We know our best is better than 
everybody else’s best.”

ANNIE WEThE
UCSD Women’s Soccer

Senior Captain
“

Wednesday Thursday

Impeached senators says she 
will not appeal decision to A.S. 
Judicial Board. 

Students claim proposed 
change would double 
commute time for residents of 
downtown area.

▶  leiSuRe

best 
Coffee
1. Lestat’s Coffee House
3343 Adams Ave., Normal 
Heights
2. Pannikin Coffee & Tea
7467 Girard Ave., La Jolla
3. Filter Coffee House 
1295 University Ave., Hillcrest
4. Purple Café
4338 Cass St., Pacific Beach
5. The Living Room
1010 Prospect St., La Jolla

Coffee shops open 24-hours present a curious paradox: 
They’re perfect for the under-
grad who needs to cram way 
past Geisel’s closing time, but 
they’re also perfect for another 
crowd: vagrants. This is pre-
cisely what makes hotspots like 
Lestat’s Coffee House and Filter 
Coffee House so appealing. The 
coffee at these caffeine-havens 

can win over drunks and lap-
top zombies alike, but the edge 
goes to Lestat’s in this matchup, 
where you can find amusing art 
work, hot baristas playing post-
punk and an all-ages music 
venue (Lestat’s West) next door.

A short bus ride from cam-
pus can take you to one of the 
best brunch and coffee spots 
around — Pannikin Coffee & 
Tea. On the weekends it can be 
hard to find a seat in the tiny 
shop, but the freshly-brewed 
coffee and chill atmosphere 
makes for a fantastic afternoon 
of studying — or destroying 
your opponent on the giant 
chess set in the back.

In addition to coffee, the 
Purple Café has live music on 
the weekends and the Living 
Room has a hookah lounge, 
totally owning Starbucks in 
terms of entertainment — and 
taste.

— Arielle Sallai
MANAGiNG Editor

WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL HEADS TO THE NCAA TOURNAMENT. PAGE 12. 

ERIKA JOHNSON/Guardian fIlE

See BEST OF, page 7



The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thursdays 
during the academic year by UCSD students and for the 
UCSD community. Reproduction of this newspaper in any 
form, whether in whole or in part, without permission is strictly 
prohibited. © 2011, all rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is 
not responsible for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. 
The views expressed herein do not necessarily represent the 
opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded by 
advertising. If you’re Anna Karenina, I’m the train.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: focus@ucsdguardian.org

Leisure: leisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager 
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director 
Brandon Katzer

Webmaster 
Bryan Smith

Marketing & Advertising Assistants 
Christine Alabastro

Christine Doo
Shilpa Sharma

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr. 
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Distributor 
Amanda Ku

Page Layout
Praneet Kolluru, Arielle Sallai, Janet Hseuh

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Angela Chen

Nicole Chan
Rebecca Horwitz

Laira Martin

Margaret Yau

Madeline Mann

Rachel Uda

Nicholas Howe

Ren Ebel

Mina Nilchian

Arielle Sallai

Monica Haider
Emily Pham

Andrew Oh

Nolan Thomas

Nathan Toung

Rebekah Hwang

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Hiatus Editor

Focus Editor

Leisure Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin

Melody Chern

Development Editor

Design Program Director

2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ad name: CW JD Ad2 size: ½ page H —10" x 8"

publication: UCSD - “The Guardian” pub date: 11/14/11

gkm contact: Kathleen Maloney phone: 760.438.8100 ext.117

 What is the law?
        A weapon to be wielded?

 Or more than that?
        A set of tools.

           A creative approach.

    A helping profession and collaborative process.

 Explore the wide scope of the law

              in a school devoted to the big picture.

 www.CaliforniaWestern.edu

birdland By Rebekah Dyer

Passive aggressive By Irene Chiang

COMPILED BY Rebecca Horwitz | associate news editorCURRENTS

UCSD SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA
▶The National Defense Industrialization 
Association honored Thomas Muschamp for 
his collaboration with researchers from Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography in making a portable 
weather station.

▶RIMAC business officer Charles Massey was 
honored as the UCSD Veteran of the Year on 
Nov. 9. Massey served in the Navy from 1975-
1979. 

▶UCSD philanthropist Anne Ratner died at age 
100. 

▶Superior Court Judge Ronald Prager ruled that a 
San Diego landlord has the right to evict a medical 
marijuana dispensary. 

▶A man robbed taco shop Taco Si Senor after 
ordering food on Nov. 12. The suspect ordered 
food, and then grabbed money from the cash 
register while the cashier was making change.

▶San Diego prosecuter Christine Trevino 
committed suicide Nov. 10 after being pulled over 
in Oceanside. Trevino shot herself while a police 
officer tried to speak to her through her window. 

▶ Participants of the annual UC Students of Color 
Conference found a noose at UC Davis on Nov. 
13. The yellow ribbon, usually used to honor 
Veterans Day, was tied to a tree and read “Use 
this ribbon as a noose.”

▶ A 96-year-old man killed his 81-year-old wife on 
the morning of Nov. 12. The man, Milton Weiss, 
has a history of dementia. Weiss was arrested and 
now faces murder charges. His wife died of blunt 
force trama. 



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

LIGHTS & SIRENS

Friday, Nov. 4
12:36 a.m.: Information
An unknown female was seen 
breaking a window at the 
Humanities and Social Sciences 
Building. Information only.
7:49 p.m.: Injury
An employee suffered from contact 
with hot oil at Plaza Café. Refused 
transportation to hospital.
8:04 p.m.: Fire
There were “flames in the oven” at 
Mesa Verde Hall. Transferred to other 
agency (Housing and Maintenance).
 
Saturday, Nov. 5
2:20 a.m.: Citizen contact
Someone was “urinating in public” at 
Tenaya Hall. Information only.
12:15 a.m.: Injury
A young female ran into a metal 
beam at Price Center East. 
Transported to hospital.
11:39 p.m.: Disturbance
Two males were involved in a verbal 
argument at The Village Building 1. 
Unable to locate.
 
Sunday, Nov. 6
4:16 a.m.: Vandalism
A glass window worth $500 at the 
Humanities and Social Sciences 
Building was “destroyed.” Report 
taken.
10:23 a.m.: Medical aid 
A young female was “complaining 
of neck pain” but was conscious and 
breathing. Transported to hospital.
11:12 a.m.: Medical aid 
A young female hit her head at 
Warren Field. Transported to 
hospital.
 
Monday, Nov. 7
7:35 a.m.: Abandoned vehicle
An unoccupied vehicle “[appeared] 
to have run up” on a curb at Lot 
704. Unable to locate.
9:01 a.m.: Welfare check 
An adult male was being “loud and 
belligerent” to patrons at Perks. Stay 
away order issued. 

10:03 a.m.: Disturbance
The reporter heard someone yelling 
and a toddler crying at La Jolla Del 
Sol Apartments. Checks OK.
9:53 p.m.: Possession of marijuana 
Three adult males were seen 
smoking marijuana by a computer 
lab at UNEX K. Unable to locate.
 
Tuesday, Nov. 8
2:30 a.m.: Noise disturbance
There was “stomping and loud 
talking” at Asia Hall. Unable to 
locate.
10:51 a.m.: Medical aid
A young female at Asia Hall 
was having stomach pains but 
was conscious and breathing. 
Transported to hospital.
11:02 a.m.: Medical aid
An “elderly male” at Regents Road 
was feeling dizzy. Transported to 
hospital.
12:13 p.m.: Information
An “unknown type of accident” 
happened on North I-5. Transferred 
to other agency.
 
Wednesday, Nov. 9
12:55 a.m.: Disturbance
A large group was being loud on 
Library Walk. Verbal warning 
issued. 
11:40 a.m.: Collision no injury
A UCSD shuttle buss was 
“sideswiped” at Voigt Drive. Report 
taken.
3:35 p.m.: Suspicious person(s)
Two males entered the women’s 
bathroom at Geisel Library. 
Information only.
11:20 p.m.: Welfare check
A female was “yelling for several 
seconds” at Sixth College 
Apartments. Unable to locate.
11:43 p.m.: Noise disturbance
There were “possible fireworks” at 
Che Café. Checks OK.

— Compiled by Sarah Kang 
Staff Writer

No details have been released 
regarding any changes to the hours 
of the shuttle service.

“If anything, I really hope it does 
not come down to adding the two 
routes together,” Hashemi said.

Currently, there has been no 
large-scale rallying among students, 
Hashemi said. 

“The reality is that we’re in a 
time and place where we’re fac-
ing budget cuts,” Eichelberger said. 
“[But] there has to be a way to not 
compromise the shuttles.”

According to Eichelberger, the 
upcoming informational sessions 
encourage students to share alterna-
tive solutions.

“Someone said to take out the 
Old Town altogether and suggest-
ed taking the [MTS] 10 instead,” 
Eichelberger said. “[Hillcrest 

Hospital] Patients don’t have the 
bus sticker and wouldn’t be able 
to use the 10. These shuttles are 
designed to shuttle patients, doc-
tors, undergraduate students and 
graduate students.”

The MTS 10 goes from the 
Hillcrest Hospital to Old Town, a 
similar route to the proposed con-
solidation.  

Eichelberger said she has heard 
other promising solutions and 
believes a compromise is possible.

“It’s just a fact that we’re under-
going budget cuts,” Eichelberger 

said. “It’s important to recognize 
that you can’t take away how people 
get to class.”

The informational sessions will 
be held Monday, Nov. 14 from 9-11 
a.m. at the Thornton Hospital and 
Tuesday, Nov. 15 from 11:30 a.m-1 
p.m. at the Hillcrest Hospital.

As of press time, a representa-
tive from the Transportation Policy 
department could not be reached for 
comment.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at 
n3chan@ucsd.edu.

Students Create Online Petition Protesting Hillcrest Shuttle Change
▶ SHUTTLES, from page 1

primarily through this mobile site. 
Though the iPhone application will 
still be available, the website makes it 
possible for students who use differ-
ent smartphones to access the appli-
cation’s features.

“As long as you have a phone with 
Internet, you can use the m.ucsd.edu 
website,” Liang said. “Most students 
use this for the map function, so we 
are trying to make it so that there are 
more features.”

The committee has also proposed 
changes to TritonLink’s degree audit 

feature.
“Right now, it’s just a white page 

with a bunch of letters and numbers 
on it,” Liang said. “We want to make 
it prettier and more user-friendly 
[by being easier to read and com-
prehend].”

These changes will most likely 
not occur until after the changes to 
WebReg are implemented. 

The TritonLink Executive 
Committee consists of Vice 
Chancellor Penny Rue and Assistant 
Vice Chancellor for Telecommuting 
and Communications Min Yao, 

along with 13 administrative mem-
bers, Liang and a graduate repre-
sentative. 

The committee meets once per 
quarter.

The last meeting took place on 
Oct. 28, and the next one is sched-
uled to take place on Jan. 27. 

This is when the committee will 
receive an update from ACS regard-
ing the progress of implementing 
these changes.

Readers can contact Natalie Covate at 
ncovate@ucsd.edu.

Committee Looks to Revise WebReg’s Degree Audit Functions

“ The reality is that we’re in a time and place where we’re facing budget cuts. But there has to be a way to compromise the shuttles.”
NENA EIchElBErGEr

Senior, MUir College

▶ WEBREG from page 1

 Join The Guardian
APPliCATionS online AT UCSDgUArDiAn.org/JoBS.



OPINION
Margaret Yau
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONtaCt tHe eDItOr

4 tHe uCSD guarDIaN |  MONDaY, NOVeMBer 14,  2011 |  www.uCSDguarDIaN.Org

This year alone, presidents at four out of 23 California State Universities have retired, and another five are projected to retire in the coming year from San Francisco, Northridge, Fullerton, San 
Bernardino and the California Maritime Academy. According to Cal State 
Chancellor Charles B. Reed, there has never been a time in the university 
system’s history when there were this many administrative vacancies and 
retiring employees.

The reason for this sudden trend has been speculated to correlate with 
the high number of college professionals at retiring age — the mean age of 
college presidents is 61. The executive position has also become increasingly 
stressful over the last few years due to the poor economy and its relentless 
toll on the California education system. The Cal State system enrolls a stag-
gering 412,000 students, the largest amongst other four-year colleges, and 
is facing funding cuts of around 650 million dollars. Potential cuts will total 
nearly 100 million dollars and a 21 percent tuition increase is in the near 
future. Presidents who are hired at a time like this must be able to deal with a 

slew of problems — student and faculty anger over tuition hikes, limited class 
selection and lower wages — all while under the harsh criticism of the board 
of trustees. 

There is no doubt that the replacements found for Cal State campuses 
must be qualified to change the status quo, and the current selection process 
has candidates jumping through hoops. The Cal State Board of Trustees 
along with the Board of Trustees’ Special Committee on Presidential 
Selection and Compensation decides on the president after a primary and 
secondary review panel as well as a campus visit. 

There has been a movement to eliminate the campus visit to streamline 
the application process, which is important to ensure that positions are filled 
by the upcoming school year. Some argue that this will increase anonymity 
in the selection process, but there are other ways to bring a face to a resume 
efficiently, such as the use of conference video calls. Selection of new presi-

I t is a truth universally acknowl-edged that doomsayers deter-mined to point out the slippery 
slope of politics will always reference 
1984. With its vision of Big Brother, 

trackers and the thought police, 
George Orwell’s political classic has 
become the tired go-to for anyone 
threatened by big government — and 
even, as of last Tuesday, for members 
of the government itself. On Nov. 8, 
the novel was referenced six times by 
the Supreme Court while hearing the 
case of whether police should be able 
to track anyone via GPS. 

Here’s the story: Police convicted 
suspected drug dealer Antoine Jones 
(the Jones in this United States v. Jones 
case) due to evidence gathered from a 
GPS planted in his car. The evidence 
was thrown out when the U.S. Court 
of Appeals ruled it as violating the 
Fourth Amendment (no unreasonable 
search or seizure) because the device 
was planted without a warrant. 

At first glance, planting a track-
ing device seems to be analogous 
to ransacking or bugging a citizen’s 
house, both of which violate the 
Constitution. But prior cases about 
tracking, and the pace of advancing 
technology, are raising new questions 
about privacy — to the point where 
the current debate is mainly focusing 
on the semiotics of whether placing a 
GPS in a car is “searching.” The heart 
of the case is about the potential of 
technology and the precedent this 
case would set by redefining the pub-
lic and private spheres. 

This isn’t the first time the 
Supreme Court has faced a tech-relat-
ed privacy case. Take United States 
vs. Knotts, the 1983 case that ruled 
that police could track cars moving 
interstate ia beepers, since someone 
traveling in public shouldn’t have any 
expectations of privacy under the 
plain view rule. According to Deputy 
Solicitor General Michael Dreeban, 
quoted in the Washington Post, infor-
mation people choose reveal to the 
world, “such as movements in a car on 
a public roadway” are unprotected.

Under the Knotts ruling, GPS 
tracking should be allowed. But in 
1983, GPS devices didn’t exist, we 
weren’t experiencing 500-percent 
increases in Manhattan security 
cameras and the notion of “electron-
ic privacy” was relatively new. But 
today, when GPS-enabled iPhones 
serve as the world’s most effective 
security blankets, the public and pri-
vate are converging and we are closer 
to losing our notion of both than 
ever before. Thankfully, the justices 
seem wary of following the Knotts 
ruling too closely, and have been 
questioning whether the police could 
bug them (answer: yes). 

Ultimately, new technology 
applied under old rulings and old 
times could mean that bugging 
license plates or clothes in the name 
of mass surveillance is seen as essen-
tially the same as beepers in cars — 
after all, people are in public places, 
so it should all be permissible.

 

Supreme Court 
Debates Mass 
Surveillance in 
1984-esque Case

A Leave of Absence
PhiliP jia/Guardian

The California State System will experience an exodus of five of its university presidents next year, 
prompting a selection process that is crucial for the future of the California college system.

BY reVatHY SaMPatH-KuMar • StaFF wrIter

QUICK TAKES Several StateS including georgia, indiana, KanSaS, South carolina, tenneSSee, texaS and WiSconSin have implemented photo id requirementS for voting.

The proposed voter ID law purports to stop widespread voter fraud — a crime that sim-
ply does not exist. The voter ID law is only effec-
tive in preventing impersonation of other voters 
at the polls. Most states use provisional ballots, 
which are used when voters cannot prove up-
front that they are eligible to vote. Their votes are 
recorded, but are not counted unless they provide 
the required documentation to poll workers. For 
this reason, the problem of impersonation fraud 
is largely unlikely. 

Out of the 400 million votes cast in general 
elections since 2000, there’s only one recorded 
attempt at impersonation fraud, and nine unre-
solved cases where the crime was suspected but 
not proven. 

Many accusations are improperly labeled as 
“voter fraud” when they are mistaken for other 
types of election misconduct. 

Allegations include ballot tampering, inaccu-
rate vote tallying, vote buying, voting by ineligible 
citizens and multiple voting in the voter’s own 
name — all misdemeanors that should not be 
looped into the category of voter fraud.

Furthermore, allegations that arise from 
unsubstantial claims make voter fraud appear 
far more prevalent than is actually the case. 
Technological glitches in voting machines, for 
example, can result in inaccurate tallies. 

Honest mistakes are also oftentimes at fault — 
a convict may attempt to vote without knowing 
that he has been rendered temporarily ineligible 
to vote. Some cases of fraud are enacted by out-
side actors and not the voters themselves– in the 
past, opposing parties have intentionally spread 
misinformation as to the proper procedures for 
voting, or hired thugs to intimidate voters at the 
polls.Voter fraud has only ever existed in a few 
isolated cases — implementation of this law is 
unnecessary and would simply divert attention 
away from real election issues.

— Hilary lEE
Staff Writer

Voter Fraud is Not Prevalent Issue Political Scheme in Disguise ID Law Increases Voter Security

Talking to 
Machines

angela chen
shchen@ucsd.edu

On Nov. 8, Mississippi became the 31st state in the past decade to approve tougher 
voter ID laws. 

Supporters say that these laws are good cau-
tious measures that uphold the integrity of the 
voting process by keeping it secure and demo-
cratic. 

While some groups such as the NAACP and 
ACLU are considering challenging the laws 
in court with the claim that the language in 
the laws is vague and could suppress minor-
ity votes, Chris Elam, a spokesman for the 
Republican Party of Texas disagrees. He says 
that the law includes a “laundry list” of exemp-
tions for people who may have a hard time 
obtaining the required identification, such as 
living more than 50 miles away from the closest 
DMV.

These laws are necessary to eliminate voter 
fraud. Without ID checks at the polls, there 
little to no way to track how many illegal votes 
are cast. 

From stuffing ballot boxes during the Gilded 
Age to the Georgia State Senate Seat in 1962 
where supposed voters were out of town or 
incarcerated at the time, the United States has 
had a long history of electoral fraud.

 The Georgia State Senate race involved 
future president Jimmy Carter, who was able 
to get the results overturned.

Sen. Joey Fillingale (R-Miss.) says that the 
laws create more open and honest elections, 
and while the law isn’t a cure-all, it keeps 
people “in the cemetery” from voting.

The fact of the matter is, the United States 
holds a long history with voter fraud and these 
laws add an extra safeguard of security and 
integrity in the voting process, help cut down 
on fraud and ultimately keep the voting process 
democratic.

— alEks lEvin
Staff Writer

Like the Jim Crow laws of the past, new legisla-tion is being passed that would significantly 
affect the voting rights of those without gov-
ernment-issued identification. By passing voter 
ID laws, politicians restrict the right to vote of 
minorities, the poor and the youth who dispro-
portionately vote Democratic.

About 11 percent of voters nationwide will 
be affected by these new laws, according to the 
Brennan Center for Justice at NYU. Specifically, 
15 percent of low-income voters and 18 percent 
of young voters will be restricted because they 
don’t have proper identification. This is especially 
troubling since 68 percent of voters ages 18 to 29 
voted for Barack Obama in 2008. 

The NAACP states that 25 percent of blacks 
do not have the proper documentation to vote 
under these laws, and 74 percent of blacks lean 
Democratic, according to the Joint Center for 
Political and Economic Studies.

This year 34 states have considered voter 
ID legislation — five of which have already 
passed laws.  Of these five, Wisconsin and 
South Carolina will be battleground states in 
2012. Considering that Republican governors 
passed these laws and how disproportionately 
Democratic the affected people are, it is undoubt-
edly an underhanded political move.

It is blatantly obvious that some Republicans 
are enacting these laws to disenfranchise 
Democratic-leaning voters. The Republican 
House Speaker of New Hampshire, Bill O’Brien, 
said these laws should be passed to restrict col-
lege students who will vote liberally. Conservative 
blogger Matthew Vadum argued that letting the 
poor vote is un-American since they will vote for 
additional welfare programs.

The Brennan Center concluded 44 millionths 
of 1 percent of votes are cast fraudulently. There 
is no problem, only a cheap political scheme to 
get ahead.

— saad asad
Staff Writer

See Presidents, page 5



tHe uCSD guarDIaN |  MONDaY, NOVeMBer 14,  2011 |  www.uCSDguarDIaN.Org 5

dents must be prudent, yes, but the process must be effi-
cient enough to account for the dire demand for presiden-
tial replacements. 

In the past, university trustees have increased college 
presidents’ salaries to sky-high amounts in order to attract 
more distinguished administrators. This summer, Elliot 
Hirshman, the new president of San Diego State University, 
was offered an annual salary of $400,000, a $100,000 pay 
increase from the previous president. Steep salary increases 
may attract a wider and perhaps more promising applicant 
pool, but California salaries are by no means low. Other 
states are facing the similar budget cuts, and according the 
Chronicle of Higher Education’s executive compensation 
database, California’s executive salaries are in line with 
other states that have major public higher education sys-
tems like Texas and New York. The managing principal of 
AGB Search, Jamie Ferrare, said that the number of appli-
cants vying for these top positions makes the competition 
intense; attracting candidates to the position isn’t the issue, 

it is all about state universities choosing the right person. 
In response to this salary raise, many lawmakers 

including Gov. Jerry Brown proposed legislation that limits 
the power trustees have on setting compensation for cam-
pus administrators. This will ensure that others also have a 
say in how much Cal State administrators get paid, to avoid 
drastic decisions made solely by the board of trustees.

Ultimately, well-experienced presidents are stepping 
down from their positions and it is important that Cal 
State Universities find suitable replacements to run their 
campuses. UCSD will face a similar situation this coming 
year when Chancellor Marye Anne Fox steps down after 
her seven-year term. It is crucial that schools focus on 
finding strong leaders for their campuses by streamlining 
their selection procedures and being realistic about the fact 
that perfect replacements will not be hired just by increas-
ing monetary compensation.

Readers can contact Revathy Sampath Kumar at rsampath@
ucsd.edu

▶ Presidents, from page 4

Ever wonder what they DO in 
those offi ces on the 40th fl oor?
A Day in the Life of Sydney Walker

Manager, Business Tax Advisory 
Ernst & Young, LLP

MS Tax (05) and Adjunct Faculty Member
School of Taxation, Golden Gate University

A career as a tax or accounting professional may not be what you expected.

Be there in 12 months or less. Earn a Masters in Taxation or a 
Masters of Accountancy with Internship opportunity.

Programs start throughout the year — chat with an enrollment 
counselor now at 1-888-GGU-EDU1 or info@ggu.edu.

QuiTe Frankly By Lior Schenk Letter tO tHe eDItOr

Dear Editor,
Last week there was a rally against 

budget cuts and tuition increases.
Since the 2000-01 school year, 

expenditure per student has gone 
down 17 percent while tuition has 
increased 242 percent. These changes 
were coupled with state divestment in 
higher education. In 2000-01, tuition 
was 19 percent of expenditure per 
student, but in 2011-12 tuition will be 
46 percent of expenditure per student. 
The cost of higher education is shift-
ing from the California public to the 
private individual.

Your coverage of last week’s rally 
was both unflattering and factually 
inaccurate. The event was planned 
as a response to the potential plan to 
increase tuition by 80 percent over 
four years. We did not learn that the 
Regents had all but rejected this plan 
until a week before the rally, when 
much of our publicity and message 
were established. Furthermore, one 
person said ‘occupy this crosswalk’ 
once. No one ‘screamed’ it while we 
marched through the cross walk, 
and no chant of ‘occupy crosswalk’ 
occurred, which could justify refer-
ring to the entire event as ‘Occupy 
Crosswalk.’ A video on YouTube of 
the rally can attest to this egregious 
journalistic fabrication, which (while 
humorous to those actually there) 
betrays the complete failure of your 
staff to complete simple fact checks or 
actually attend events they cover.

Public education is a public good 
and an individual right. A well-
educated population is a more capable 
work force and a better prepared 
electorate. In an advanced-industrial 
or service economy, denial of access 
to higher education may be the denial 
of the ability to get a job. And denying 
a person the ability to work for a liv-

ing is denying that person the right to 
exist. Higher education, at that point, 
becomes a human right.

We are attending, teaching for and 
working for the UC in a time of 
crisis. The public good and human 
right of public higher education is 
in jeopardy of being permanently dis-
mantled. Students, faculty and 
staff have been all but excluded from 
the decision-making process reserved 
for a constitutionally and democrati-
cally autonomous Board of Regents. 
However, the Regents should not even 
have to make crisis 
decisions. But citizens of California 
have been hamstrung by Prop 13, 
which limits taxation on corporate 
property and imposes super-majority 
requirements on the state legislature 
to pass state budgets and tax policy. 
We all have a responsibility to defend 
public education by helping to fix the 
university system and the state.

Last week on the same day as 
“Occupy Crosswalk,” Cal students 
engaging in peaceful civil disobedi-
ence were repeatedly struck by police 
who were attempting to disperse 
them. Violence against peaceful pro-
testers is violence against free speech, 
since it invokes fear in those who 
would otherwise speak freely. There is 
a vigil in response to this 
unfortunate event in front of Geisel at 
7 p.m. on Tuesday, Nov. 15.

—Kevin Quirolo
Marshall College, Senior

Anti-Privatization Rally 
Was Misrepresented

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

Salary Increases Unnecessary for Solid Candidates



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

At first I didn’t recognize my symptoms as 

mental illness – I thought I was just having 

some bad days. Then, I learned that 1 in 4 

adults experience mental health challenges 

such as depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder 

and others. I got help and now I am moving 

forward with my life. Recovery is possible and 

getting help is an important first step.

Mental illness  
can affect anyone.

Up2SD.org/yourlife

Read up to recognize the signs.

COMPETITIVE SCHOLARSHIPS FORMARINE SCIENCE

Programs offering scholarships include:• Applied Mathematics and Computational Science (AMCS)• Bioscience (B)• Chemical and Biological Engineering (CBE)• Chemical Science (ChemS)• Computer Science (CS)• Earth Science and Engineering (ErSE)• Electrical Engineering (EE)• Environmental Science and Engineering (EnSE)• Marine Science (MarSE)• Materials Science and Engineering (MSE) • Mechanical Engineering (ME)

Master’s and PhD students will benefit from the extensive scholarship package that includes:• Full tuition• Monthly living allowance• Housing• Relocation support• Health and dental insuranceEligible students may apply immediately for MS/PhDprograms starting in September 2012.For complete information & details visit: www.kaust.edu.saEmail: admissions@kaust.edu.saPhone: +966 (2) 808-3428/9

King Abdullah University of Science and Technology
An international, graduate university located on the
shores of the Red Sea in Saudi Arabia



lifestyle

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

leisure
ARIEllE SAllAI
leisure@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

The BesT of 

san Diego
Best Beach
Windansea Beach 
6800 NeptuNe place, la Jolla

Best veggie 
restaurant
sipz fusion café
5501 clairemoNt mesa Blvd.,
clairemoNt

Best weed 
dispensary
san diego organic collective
2731 shelter islaNd drive,
oceaN Beach

Best 21+ venue
the casBah
2501 kettNer Blvd.,
little italy

Best all-ages 
venue
house of Blues
1055 5th ave., dowNtowN

Best Book store
dJ Wills Books
7461 girard ave., la Jolla

Best record 
store
lou’s records
434 N. coast hwy 101,
eNciNitas

Best food truck
devilicious
locatioNs vary
 

continued from pg. 1

BesT california BurriTos
1. Lucha Libre Gourmet Taco Shop
1810 West Washington St., 
mission Hills
2. Vallarta Express Mexican Eatery
4277 genesee Ave., clairemont mesa
3. Don Carlos Taco Shop
737 pearl St., La Jolla
4. Rigoberto’s Taco Shop
6990 La Jolla Blvd., La Jolla
5. Cotixan Mexican Food
4370 genesee Ave., clairemont

In the battle against obesity, San Diego has clearly chosen the (win-
ning) side of artery-clogging, heart-
pounding excess with its uniquely 
local creation, the California burrito. 
Vallarta, Don Carlos, Rigoberto’s 
and Cotixan may boast a delightfully 
“authentic” sketchy atmosphere and 
relatively low prices, but by and large, 
their burrito quality stays the same. A 
different salsa here, more crisp fries 
there — each burrito packs a home-
spun punch that keeps students argu-
ing for days about their favorites. 

But the best may well be Lucha 
Libre. The shop is the furthest from 

campus, but its over-the-top decor and 
Surf ’n Turf take on the SoCal classic 
gives the California burrito a seafood 
spin that is unmatched by the other 
options on the list. Oh, and they use 
fresh avocados. Win. 

— margaret Yau
mAnAging editor

BesT ThrifT 
shops
1. Cerebral Palsy United
1454 garnet Ave., pacific Beach 
2. Goodwill
1430 garnet Ave., pacific Beach
3. Buffalo Exchange
1007 garnet Ave., pacific Beach
4. Thrift Trader
1135 garnet Ave, pacific Beach
3939 iowa St., north park
5. Penny Pincher 
4508 cass St., pacific Beach

Thrifting enthusiasts, rejoice — Pacific Beach is just for 
you. Second-hand shoppers and 
bargain hunters alike can feel 
the rush of finding a perfect 
deal and hit up all the right 
thrifting spots by staying in one 
neighborhood. Pacific Beach 
has a plethora of places avail-
able, all within near vicinity of 
each other. Spend an afternoon 
dedicated to searching the 
crowded racks of Cerebral Palsy 
United 
and 
Goodwill 
(both are 

charities), or if you’re willing 
to spend a little more money, 
Buffalo Exchange has an extra 
trendy selection of second-hand 
clothes. The rest of the list is 
also great for picking up knick-
knacks, electronics and even 
books on a tight budget, leaving 
more money for what really 
matters — booze.

— mina nilchian
focuS editor

more on pg. 10

Daniel CaDDell/Guardian File

MiChael Tsai/Guardian File



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Best korean BBq
manna korean BBq
4428 coNvoy st., kearNy mesa

Best (hip) Bar
el camino
2400 iNdia st., little italy

Best (Bro) Bar
pB shore cluB
4343 oceaN Blvd., 
pacific Beach

Best local 
Brewery
karl strauss BreWing co.
1044 wall st., la Jolla

Best craft Beer 
selection
hamilton’s tavern
1521 30th st., south park

Best cluB
fluxx
500 4th ave., dowNtowN

Best Burger
hodad’s
5010 Newport ave., 
oceaN Beach

Best karaoke
J music studio
4620 coNvoy st., kearNy mesa

Best Breakfast
hash house a go-go
3628 5th ave., hillcrest

continued from pg. 7

BesT places To 
expanD your 
minD
1. Balboa Park
1549 el prado, downtown
2. Torrey Pines State Reserve
12600 north torrey pines road, La Jolla
3. Museum of Contemporary Art: La Jolla
700 prospect St., La Jolla
4. Old Town San Diego State Historic Park

4002 Wallace St., old town
5. Mt. Soledad
6905 La Jolla Scenic drive, 
La Jolla

While San Diego may not have a reputation for its fertile creativity, it does offer a few 
choice opportunities to broaden your horizons 
— especially with a recreational or medicinal 
aid. If you’re stripped for cash, Mt. Soledad is 
the perfect place to catch an incredible sunset, 
or simply reenact the “whale’s vagina” scene 
from “Anchorman” a few dozen times. 

Old Town takes you back in time to 
a strange pre-Civil War world of fudge 

and saltwater taffy, while the Museum of 
Contemporary Art’s seaside La Jolla location 
(also free if you’re under 26) houses a consis-
tently fascinating body of some of modern art’s 
most provocative work. For the soul searcher, 
the miles of hiking trails and natural tide pools 
at Torrey Pines provide some of the most gor-
geous sights in the city. 

But only Balboa Park has it all: fantastic 
museums, massive awe-inspiring architecture 
and the world-famous San Diego Zoo. Still not 
sold? Three words: Japanese Friendship Garden.

— ren ebel
HiAtuS editor

BesT 
places for 
chocolaTe
1. Extraordinary Desserts
1430 union St., Little italy
2929 5th Ave., Banker’s Hill
2. Sprinkles Cupcakes
8855 Villa La Jolla drive, La Jolla
3. Elizabethan Desserts
155 Quail gardens drive, encinitas 
4. Babycakes
3766 5th Ave., Hillcrest
5. Ghirardelli Soda Fountain & 
Chocolate Shop
643 5th Ave., downtown 

The mocha cupcake at Sprinkles may be an excellent treat in 
itself, venture outside of La Jolla to 
try one of San Diego’s many dessert 
destinations.

Take an afternoon drive north 
to Encinitas and visit Elizabethan 
Desserts, a quaint retro-style bakery 
tucked in Quail Gardens, carrying 

American cakes, cookies and cup-
cakes. Be sure to try Rasmary’s Baby 
— a cupcake with raspberry butter-
cream hand dipped in dark choco-
late and topped off with raspberries. 

Extraordinary Desserts is a 
required stop for any chocolate 
enthusiast. The Little Italy location 
features an expanded menu of savory 
items, beer and wine, while the 
original Balboa Park spot dishes up 
the same famous desserts (featured 
on The Food Network’s “Best Thing 
I Ever Ate”) without the extras and 
in a more intimate setting (candles 
and all), perfect for enjoying cake 
and coffee with a hot date or a group 
of friends.

For those who get sweet-tooth 
drunchies, Babycakes in Hillcrest 
— a bar that serves desserts with 
extra sweet cocktails — is the perfect 
remedy. Or stop by Ghirardelli Soda 
Fountain & Chocolate Shop after 
bar-hopping in the Gaslamp — and 
try to fool the workers into thinking 
you didn’t already get a free sample. 

— nicole chan
ASSociAte neWS editor

BesT froyo 
shops
1. Rockie’s Frozen Yogurt
7612 Linda Vista road, clairemont
2. Yogurt Mill
935 Broadway, el cajon
3. Yogurt on the Rocks
1886 garnet Ave., pacific Beach
4. Yogurtland
855 garnet Ave., pacific Beach
5. Penguin Yogurt Factory
9621 mission gorge road, Santee

The small, cozy and family-owned Rockie’s Frozen Yogurt will win 
you over with its fresh red velvet 
yogurt. The froyo is smooth and 
flavorful — without the duck face-
inducing tart of most froyo places. 
With the largest variety of fresh-tast-
ing and sugar-free yogurt — ranging 
from basic strawberry to mocha chip 
and the more adult butter rum — it’s 
no wonder that Rockie’s is a popular, 
locally acclaimed favorite for tradi-
tional frozen yogurt.

Yogurt Mill is another local spot 
worthy of the hype, with its deli-
cious, generously served propor-
tions. Seriously, stack a 2-liter yogurt 
monster for only $6.50 — Go big or 
go home.

As for the rest: Definitely try 
Yogurt on the Rocks’ unique Pacific 
Beach Berry flavor, topped with 
coconut lychee. Chain Yogurtland 
is a great, affordable choice for fans 
of tart and icy froyo. And Penguin 
Yogurt Factory sells 100 percent fat-
free froyo that’s melt-in-your-mouth 
soft — plus 42+ unique toppings 
that include four different flavors of 
mochi and ten dessert syrups.

— emily pham
copY editor

BesT TheaTres
1. Old Globe Theatre
1363 Old Globe Way, Balboa Park 
2. La Jolla Playhouse
2910 La Jolla Village Drive, La Jolla
3. Spreckels Theatre
121 Broadway, Downtown
4. Cygnet Theatre
4040 Twiggs St., Old Town
5. Lyceum Theatre
79 Horton Plaza, Downtown

The Lyceum, Cygnet and Old Globe are all smaller venues offering older (read: not as comfortable) seats and sets, and occasionally, 
parking obstacles. Although a spot in any of these theatres guaran-
tees an intimate, almost eye-to-eye view with the actors, the setups 
definitely lack the scrolls, balconies and historical architecture of the 
more expensive Spreckels Theatre. 

To compensate, two of these venues offer show discounts. The 
Cygnet offers half-off prices if you decide to return for another show-
ing of the same performance (perfect for gifting tickets), and the Old 
Globe — located near beautiful Balboa Park — has $20 tickets for 
attendees who are under 30 (just show your ID at the box office).

Closer to home, a main draw of the La Jolla Playhouse is its con-
venient location right next to Revelle College. In addition to boasting 
four theatres that can accommodate both larger and smaller produc-
tions, and easy parking for the off-campus crowd, it offers a “pay 
what you can” program. For one Saturday matinee of each play, 100 
tickets — two maximum per person — are on sale for $1 minimum. 

— Angela chen
editor in cHief

BesT (close) escapes
1. Julian
main St., Julian
2. Barona Resort & Casino
1932 Wildcat canyon rd., Lakeside
3. Oceanside Pier
1540 n. Harbor drive, oceanside
4. Cuyamaca Rancho State Park
13652 Highway 79, Julian
5. Coronado Beach
1500 orange Ave., coronado

I t’s time to leave campus and the judging confines of La Jolla proper. Pack up your car, grab a map (or, you know, your 
iPhone) and just leave. For some, driving an hour and 15 min-
utes to sample the best pie in Southern California is a crazy 
waste of time. For others, it’s perfectly logical. If you fall into 
the second category, take a scenic day trip to Julian to bask in 
its small town charm — and its apple pie. If gambling is more 
your style, head over to Barona Resort & Casino, where the 
overwhelming allure of endless slot machines and blackjack 
tables will pull you in and never let go. Or if water is more your 
style, spend a day in Oceanside, Cuyamaca Rancho State Park or 
Coronado.

— margaret Yau
mAnAging editor

Joseph ho/Guardian File

phoTo CourTesy oF isaaC hsieh



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER 14,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

CAMPUS 11.14-11.20
CALENDAR

Docculture Series Presents:

The Interrupters@
THE LOFT • 8pm

TUE11.15

MON11.14
6pm
MOBILE APPLICATIONS DEVELOPMENT 
INFORMATION SESSION- ROOM 201, 
UCSD EXTENSION
Want to create an app for that? This 
information session is for those interested 
in learning about our Mobile Applications 
Development Program. This professional 
certificate provides advanced training for 
smartphone application enthusiasts. UCSD 
Box Office: (858) 534-8497 
artpower@ucsd.edu

6:30pm
BIRCH AQUARIUM AT SCRIPPS: 
EVENING LECTURE SERIES- BIRCH 
AQUARIUM AT THE SCRIPPS 
INSTITUTION OF OCEANOGRAPHY AT 
UCSD
Coral reefs are among the most productive 
and biodiverse environments on the planet. 
Join marine ecologist Stuart Sandin as he 
describes his travels to conduct scientific 
research aimed at understanding and 
protecting these fragile ecosystems.Visitor 
Services: (858) 534-5771, 
aquariuminfo@ucsd.edu

THU11.17
6pm
SLOW FOOD PRESENTS: THANKSGIVING 
DINNER- GREAT HALL 
Come enjoy succulent Heritage turkeys raised by 4H 
students and prepared by Chef Jeff Jackson of A.R. 
Valentien (The Lodge at Torrey Pines) paired 
perfectly with side dishes made from only local and 
seasonal ingredients. All dishes will be served buffet 
style and cooked communally by members of the 
Slow Food chapters and volunteers. UCSD I-House 
RAs will be baking pies. Tons of vegetarian options 
available. ucsdslowfood@gmail.com 

6:30pm
BIRCH AQUARIUM AT SCRIPPS- OCEAN 

SAT11.19
6pm
FOUNDERS’ DINNER- RIMAC
Celebrate a magical evening with the UC San Diego 
community as we pay tribute to individuals whose 
outstanding support is integral to making innovations 
possible. Special Events and Protocol: (858) 534-6386, 
sep@ucsd.edu 

8pm
THE THUGS- THE ARTHUR WAGNER THEATRE
Someone may have died up on the ninth floor. But 
these temps in a law firm’s back office certainly don’t 
want to find out. Gossip and rumors abound in this 
Obie-award winning play. Box Office: (858) 534-4574, 
tdpromo@ucsd.edu   

TUE 11.15
3pm
THE U.S.- MEXICO SECURITY BUILDUP AND ITS 
CONSEQUENCES FOR THE MIGRANT 
POPULATION- INSTITUTE OF THE AMERICAS 
BUILDING
A panel of officials and experts from the United States 
and Mexico will discuss whether the increased 
security investment is working. They will focus on the 
buildup's intended and unintended consequences. 
Rosalie Fanshel: (858) 822-3103, rzfanshe@ucsd.edu

8pm
DOCCULTURE SERIES PRESENTS: THE 
INTERRUPTERS- THE LOFT
From director Steve James, (Hoop Dreams, Stevie), 
The Interrupters is a heartbreaking— yet ultimately 
hopeful—documentary about a group of fearless 
crusaders who work to end violence in some of 
Chicago’s toughest neighborhoods.   (858) 534-8497, 
artpower@ucsd.edu

WED11.16
4:30pm
UCSD NEW WRITING SERIES: CLAYTON ESHELMAN- 
LITERATURE BUILDING, ROOM 155 
This event is free and open to the public. For more 
information and 
directions:http://literature.ucsd.edu/news-info/events/ne
w-writing-series/index.html Franciszka Voeltz, 
lvoeltz@ucsd.edu or Rachel Taylor: rlt001@ucsd.edu 

5pm
MIT ENTERPRISE FORUM PRESENTS: WHAT COMES 
FIRST, THE CONTRACT OR THE ENGINEERS? 
TRANSPLANTING AUSSIE EXPERTISE TO SOUTHERN 
CALIFORNIA- THE SALK INSTITUTE. 
In the world of high-tech product design and 
development services, what should come first… the 
chicken or the egg...the contracts or the engineers? 
Madelaine Holden: (858) 964-1335, 
mholden@connect.org

FRI11.18
10am
5TH ANNUAL TORREY PINES OPTICAL TECHNOLOGY 
SYMPOSIUM- SCRIPPS GREEN HOSPITAL 
The 5th Annual TPOT Symposium will feature cutting 
edge research and technology related to fields in optical 
biology. Alan Saluk: (858) 784-8251, 
asaluk@scripps.edu 

8pm
THE STORM- SHEILA AND HUGHES POTIKER 
THEATRE
A young couple, domineering mother, an eccentric 
scientist, a powerful businessman, and a newcomer all 
harbor secrets. The intertwining of nature, science, and 
faith flood the stage in this classic play by one of 
Russia’s treasured dramatists. Box Office: (858) 
534-4574, tdpromo@ucsd.edu   

AUTHORS SERIES- BIRCH AQUARIUM AT THE 
SCRIPPS INSTITUTION OF OCEANOGRAPHY AT 
UCSD
For legendary surfer Laird Hamilton, hundred foot 
waves represent the ultimate challenge. In Pursuit of 
the Rogues, Freaks, and Giants of the Ocean, Casey 
describes the life or death stakes, the glory, and the 
mystery of impossibly mammoth waves. Visitor 
Services: (858) 534-5771, aquariuminfo@ucsd.edu 

8pm
RED FISH BLUE FISH- CONRAD PREBYS MUSIC 
CENTER
Directed by Steven Schick, UCSD's renowned 
percussion ensemble performs several works by John 
Cage as well as James Dillon's East 11th Street, 
homage to Cage. Dirk Sutro: (858) 534-4830, 
dsutro@ucsd.edu 

Red Fish Blue Fish
Conrad Prebys Music

Cente r@ 8pm

THU11.17



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER,  14 ,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 9

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

HOUSING
River Run Village - If you’re looking for a central 
location and a great price.....River Run Village 
is where you want to live. Our prime location 
puts you within walking distance of shop-
ping, dining and entertainment in the heart 
of Mission Valley. Thoughtfully designed floor-
plans and attractive amenities make River Run 
Village a great place to live at a comfortable 
price! Our responsive staff will take good care 
of you! Come visit us today! Please call for our 
Fantastic Specials!!! Reply online at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 13624817 

ROOMMATES
$450- Shared apartment- San Diego. San 
Diego Shared, 1 Bathroom, Upper Unit, 
Contemporary, Shared Parking, A/C, Carpets, 
Stove, Refrigerator, Large Closet, Quiet 
Neighborhood, Close to Freeway, Close to 
Shopping, New Carpets, Laundry Onsite, 
Dishwasher, Garbage Disposal, 11/18/2011 
Electric, No Pets, Partially Furnished, 6 Mo 
Lease, $450.00 619-788-6234. Reply online 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 
13920667

$425- Shared master bedroom at Costa Verde. 
Perfect for international students, UCSD stu-
dents, and students returning from abroad! 
Convenient, easy access to surrounding areas. 
No security deposit necessary, total at move in 
= $0. Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds to Listing ID: 13779833

$400- 3rd year female engineering student 
looking for place to live. I am a UCSD student 
looking for a place to live. I plan live part time, 
a place to stay for the days I don’t want to com-
mute. I am looking for a cheap alternative, but 
would only like to live with females. I want to 
pay around $400 (since I wont be much trou-
ble). Make me offer with what best option you 
have. I don’t mind staying in the living room for 
something like $200 ( for whomever could use 
some extra cash). Reply online at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 13779810

Single room in a 3-bedroom townhouse near 
UTC. Single room available in 3-bedroom 
townhouse near UTC. Female UCSD student 
preferred. You would be sharing the house 
with 3 other girls. It is a very spacious design 
and has a huge closet. There is a patio and 
balcony, as well as a two-car garage that you 
would share with the girls (rotation system.) 
However, not to worry as there is plenty of 
street parking! Close to shuttle stop. Overall, 
very nice complex with pool and tennis 
courts. Feel free to contact me. Reply online 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 
13779760

crossword

madeoorrddmadedmadeeert your vision,our mission.
The Associated Students Store

Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

the
guardian is
hiring!

WRITING | PHOTOGRAPHY | LAYOUT | DESIGN | ADVERTISING

P I C K  U P  A  C O P Y  ON  N EW S  S TAN D S  E V E R Y  MONDAY  &  T H U R S D AY !

COPY READING ART | ILLUSTRATION | MARKETING | GRAPHICS

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT
ucsdguardian.org/jobs.

read between the lines.

i

QUESTIONS? EMAIL jobs@ucsdguardian.org?

ACROSS
1 Estimator’s words
5 It’s cut and styled
9 “Of __ I Sing”
13 Kathmandu’s country
15 Part of A.D.
16 Sniggler’s prey
17 Maliciousness
18 Not so much
19 Bivouac
20 Lose a few pounds
23 Opposed (to)
24 Pekoe, e.g.
25 “Far out!”
28 Legal thing
29 They’re exchanged at the altar
32 Make fun of
34 Sweet snack with coffee
36 Northern California peak
37 Act defiantly toward
41 __ Pieces: candy brand
42 Brings up
43 Make into law
44 Bank claim
45 Fashion that doesn’t last
48 Canadian A.L. team, on scoreboards
49 Crude in a tanker
51 Invent
54 Find ideal employment
58 Monopoly square with bars
60 Yves’s girlfriend
61 Country with a wall
62 Poet __ St. Vincent Millay
63 Heavenly music maker
64 Kids’ flying toys
65 Clothes
66 Norway’s capital
67 Open-and-shut __

DOWN
1 GM navigation system
2 Fix potholes in
3 Volleyball smashes
4 Wild West movie
5 One of two equal portions
6 From the beginning

7 Maps within maps
8 Talk radio host O’Donnell
9 PC support pro
10 Summer itch cause
11 Stately tree
12 Psychic’s claim
14 Some summer babies, astrologically
21 Deceptive moves
22 Collect
26 Regarding
27 Unable to hear
30 “Of course I knew that!”
31 “SNL” alum Cheri
33 Food, on a diner sign
34 Computer insert
35 Common pickup capacity
36 Afterworld communication meeting

37 Get all worked up
38 Letterman rival
39 Horse that isn’t two yet
40 Golfer’s gadget
44 Alpaca cousins
45 Tex-Mex serving
46 Makes reparations (for)
47 Lower in rank
50 Wyoming neighbor
52 __ of lamb
53 Value system
55 “Woe is me!”
56 “__, Interrupted”
57 Bank takeaway
58 You might be on one if you do the starts of 

20-, 37- and 54-Across
59 Bustle

Don't waste your vacation time with appointments!

Get your teeth cleaned
during the quarter!

David Sabourin, D.D.S.
Scripps Hospital/Ximed Center
9850 Genesee Avenue, Suite 760, La Jolla, California 92037
Phone: (858)452-2333 •  Email: smilemaker1@san.rr.com

Serving UCSD community for over 20 years

Walking distance from UCSD campus. Located across Voigt from the baseball eld next to Scripps Memorial Hospital

STUDENT RATE INCLUDES 
COMPREHENSIVE EXAM, REQUIRED X-RAYS

& TEETH CLEANING (prophylaxis)



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

attempts in a row. But the veteran adjusted her game to 
record several dinks over the blocker’s heads for points. 

Brunsting had a good game against the Pioneers with 13 
kills for a total of 17.5 points. She also had 20 assists and an 
amazing .333 hitting percentage.

Leadership from the Tritons’ Big Three: Condon, 
Brunsting and Williamson, who combined for 40 of the 55 
Triton kills. Condon racked up her ninth double-double of 
the season with 11 kills and 18 digs, while Williamson led 
the Tritons, banging in 16 kills, 18 digs and a service ace to 
compliment her .382 hitting percentage. Williamson joined 
Brunsting in also surpassing the 1,000 mark for career kills.

Cal State Monterey Bay didn’t know what hit them as 
they went down Saturday in three sets 25-23, 25-18 and 
25-16 to the Tritons, who had lost to them earlier in the 
season. The game marked the last regular season game 
for seniors Brunsting, Condon, Freidenberg, Werhane, 
Williamson and Natasha Wilroy. Wilroy finished the season 
on a high note, throwing down 11 kills, while Wehane had 
24 digs. 

The Tritons will now move on to NCAA Tournament 
play. With the second-seed in the West, the Tritons will face 
Grand Canyon — which came in second in the PAC West 
Conference. Grand Canyon has a 22-6 record and a veteran 
line-up that will test the Tritons.

If the Tritons advance, they will await the winner of the 
game between Sonoma and Hawaii, but will probably go 
into the second round to face Sonoma. Hawaii-Hilo has the 
worst record in the tournament and has not seen tourna-
ment play since 2009.

If UCSD can make it past the second round, the Tritons 

will probaby face No. 1 San Bernardino, which remains in 
perfect form at 27-0.

To go deep into the tournament and upset San 
Bernardino’s perfect season, UCSD’s freshmen and seniors 
will have to come together and up their level of play. 

The Tritons have shown glimpses throughout the year, 
but have failed to string them together to produce domi-
nant performances like those shown by San Bernardino. 
A focused, united Triton team has a great chance to take it 
all, but if it starts to fall apart with no one to step up, then 
UCSD won’t see the second round.

Readers can contact Nick Howe at nshowe@ucsd.edu

Looking for a great pharmacy school?

Look no 
further than 

the University of
Michigan.

Meet some alumni of California universities who recently enrolled 
as University of Michigan PharmD students. 1. Financial support unequalled by any

other U.S. pharmacy school.
2. Outstanding pay.
3. Job security in economically uncertain

times.
4. Unlimited opportunities to improve

people’s lives.
5. Unparalleled career choices.
6. Continuous growth potential.
7. Life and career mobility.

8. The prestige of owning a degree from
one of America’s top-ranked pharmacy
schools.

9. Membership in an influential alumni
network spanning the globe.

10. The power to apply medical knowl-
edge at the forefront of technological 
innovation.

11. Small class size to maximize individual-
ized educational experiences.

12. One-to-one learning with world-
renowned faculty.

Every year, UCSD graduates choose the PharmD Program at the Universityof Michigan College of Pharmacy. In fact, nearly 20 percent of ourPharmD enrollment is comprised of alumni from California universities. 
What accounts for Michigan’s popularity among Golden Staters? First, 

we are consistently ranked among America’s top pharmacy schools. Secondly,
we consider a lot more than GPA and PCAT scores when evaluating your
application.

Earn your bachelor’s degree at UCSD, and then earn your PharmD at U-M.
That’s what many UCSD students do every year.

To learn more about the PharmD Program at Michigan, visit our Web site at
www.umich.edu/~pharmacy. Or contact the College of Pharmacy at 734-764-7312 or
at mich.pharm.admissions@umich.edu.

Still looking for a reason to make Michigan your pharmacy school? Consider these:

Your future never looked brighter.

AZUSA   |   HIGH DESERT   |   INLAND EMPIRE   |   LOS ANGELES   |   MURRIETA
ORANGE COUNTY   |   SAN DIEGO   |    VENTURA COUNTY   |   ONLINE

(800) 825-5278
www.apu.edu/explore/education
graduatecenter@apu.edu 

Call
Click
Email

Earn your degree in education
in 12 –18 months at APU.

With more than 36 credential and master’s degree
opportunities, we’re confident we have a program
for you.

APU offers:
• Convenient classes at 8 Southern California locations 

and online.
• Programs in teaching, counseling, physical education, 

and administration.
• NCATE-accredited programs recognized by all 50 

states and internationally.
12921

Classes start five times throughout the year. 
Contact us today!

Darin Curtis, M.A. ’95
Tierra del Sol Middle School
2011 California Teacher of 
the Year

Tritons Close Out Regular Season

defender Hayley Johnson teed up for 10 corner kicks 
in the campaign, but the Tritons were unable to finish. 
       The game ended with a Johnson corner kick 
that found the head of junior Britnee Chesney. 
The attempt missed just over the crossbar. 
       “The team played as well as they have played within 
the last month or so, but today was just one of those 
days,” said McManus. “It wasn’t meant to be. The ball 
wasn’t going to go in the back of their net. [Chico State] 
got one decent scoring opportunity and they took it.” 
       The Tritons end a season that, at its start, seemed 

to be the most promising that the program had seen 
in a good many years. UCSD finished the regular sea-
son at the top of the conference with only one loss.  
  But the Tritons may have peaked there, as they 
fell to Cal State Stanislaus in the conference semifi-
nals before crashing out of the national tournament. 
    The game marks the last match for UCSD’s nine gradu-
ating seniors: Courtney Capobianco, Sarah Garland, Katie 
Kuykendall, Lindsay Mills, Sara Spaventa, Annie Wethe, 
Kristin Armstrong, Sarah McTigue and Shelby Wong.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.edu

UCSD Upset in NCAA Regionals
▶ W. SOCCER, from page 12

▶ VOLLEYBALL, from page 12

Brian Yip/GUardian



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Basketball
Roundup

CCAA/GNAC SHOOTOUT

FRIDAY, NOV.  11
Seattle Pacific 47
UC San Diego 68

Seniors Lauren Freidenberg and 
Chelsea Carlisle led the Lady Tritons to 
a 68-47 win over Seattle Pacific in their 
first game of the CCAA/GNAC Shootout.

All-American guard Carlisle finished 
the game with 17 points, while 6’1” for-
ward Freidenberg led all scorers with 19 
points and nine boards. The two were the 
only players on the Triton roster to score 
in the double digits.

UCSD got off to a slow start, fall-
ing behind Seattle Pacific in the open-
ing minutes. The Tritons did not take 
the lead until the thirteenth minute of 
the game, with contributions from the 
perimeter by sophomore guard Nicole 
Anderson-Jew, who scored eight points. 
But overall, UCSD had a difficult time 
from behind the arc, shooting just 44 
percent. The Tritons made up for it in the 
paint, with their forwards playing well in 
the paint. 

In the second half, UCSD ran away 
with the lead, ending the game by out-
scoring the Falcons 22-6.

By Rachel Uda
Sports Editor

The UCSD Women’s Soccer team ends its season with a 13-3-4 overall record, losing against Chico State at home for a second-
round exit from the NCAA National tournament. 
       The Tritons received a first-round bye 
with the first-seed, awaiting the win-
ner of the bout on Friday between 
Chico State and Cal State Stanislaus. 
      The first-round match pitting the Wildcats 
against the Warriors — a repeat of the CCAA 
conference championships last weekend, Nov. 6 
— went into double overtime. Still drawn 1-1, the 
match was finally decided in penalty kicks, with 
the Wildcats scraping past Stanislaus for the win. 
    Although Chico State played 110 minutes just 
two days prior, the Wildcats did not seem fatigued 
in their second-round matchup with the Tritons. 
    In the opening minutes of the match, UCSD 
controlled the ball in the Wildcats’ half, doing 

well to control the tempo of the game. The 
Tritons had a few dangerous chances, record-
ing three shots and four corner kicks more 
than the Wildcats in the first 20 minutes. 
    But in the 24th minute, Chico State brought 
on midfielder Megan Tabler. With her first 
touches on the ball, Tabler collected a flat 
UCSD goal kick sent into the middle of the 
field, dishing the ball wide to forward Lisa 
Webster. Deep into the Triton goal box, UCSD 
senior goalkeeper Kristin Armstrong chal-
lenged Webster, but the forward was just able 
to slide onto the ball to put the Wildcats up 1-0. 
       Down 1-0, UCSD continued to attack, 
but was finding it increasingly difficult 
to get past the defense-minded Wildcats, 
who play with an unorthodox five-
man backline and only one striker up top. 
       With the clock winding down in the first 
half, head coach Brian McManus replaced 
all of his starting midfielders and for-
wards with reserves in hopes of giving the 

first-team some time to regroup and attack 
in the second half. But at this point in the 
match, Chico seemed the dominant squad, 
pushing further into UCSD’s half of the field. 
    “Give [Chico State] credit. They 
played very well and good luck to 
them next weekend,” said McManus.” 
       At the start of the second half, the Wildcats 
seemed intent on holding their 1-0 lead, staying 
compact and double-teaming the Triton for-
wards. Despite the high pressure, UCSD contin-
ued to record good chances on goal, registering 
three times as many shots than the Wildcats.  
       With the score still 1-0 late in the second 
half and the Tritons’ forwards still tied up, 
UCSD tried launching balls deep into Chico’s 
half for their outside midfielders — senior 
Shelby Wong and junior Jessica Wi — to run 
onto. The wingers ran the ball down the flanks 
and worked them out for corner kicks. Junior 

Brian Yip/GUardian

By NIcK hOWe
Associate Sports Editor

WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL—As the regular 
season comes to an end, the Triton Women’s 
Volleyball team sits high and looks forward to 
an 11th visit to the NCAA Tournament. Last 
year, the Triton women went into the postseason 
ranked No. 4 in the West region, cruising past 
Sonoma State in the first round before falling to 
Cal State San Bernardino in the second. 

This year, the Lady Tritons enter the NCAA 
tournament ranked No. 2 in the West and are 
bracketed to play No. 7 ranked Grand Canyon 
in the first round, to be followed in the second 
round by the winner of the matchup between 
Sonoma State (21-6) and Hawaii Hilo (15-6). 
The team did well against Sonoma last year in 
the tournament, but lost to them earlier this year 

in regular season play. Now, after the Tritons 
were swept in three games last week by peren-
nial CCAA top dog Cal State San Bernardino, an 
opportunity to play in the quarterfinals seems 
like a long shot unless UCSD is lucky enough not 
to face San Bernardino, which plays last ranked 
Alaska Anchorage (18-8) in the first round.

       UCSD plays strongest when the tal-
ented yet inexperienced freshmen are directed 
by seniors Katie Condon, Roxanne Brunsting 
and Hillary Williamson. Despite the loss against 
San Bernardino this past weekend, Williamson 
came up with several kills in a row to tie the first 
game at 8-8. 

This brief highlight was followed by a rash 
of UCSD errors, resulting in their lowest attack 
percentage of the season at just .046 (27-22-117). 
Williamson recorded 11 digs to go over 1,000 
career digs in the game, but it was not enough to 

counter San Bernardino’s Samantha Middleborn 
— the AVCA National Player of the Year — who 
had 15 kills and six blocks, leading the Coyotes 
to the win.

The Tritons picked themselves back up when 
they played Cal State East Bay on Thursday. In 
the first set, the Tritons looked tired from their 
previous loss, making nine errors that cost them 
the first game 23-25. 

The Tritons rallied back in the second game. 
Although they committed eight errors, they 
eventually took the game 25-22. After the second 
game, the Tritons brought their errors down to 
three in games 3 and 4, to win 25-15 and 25-16.

Senior outside hitter Condon initially strug-
gled in the second game against East Bay’s 
front line, who blocked several of her kill 

Triton Volleyball, Ready for Postseason

#6 Lizzy Andrews                       7
The seventh man off the bench, comes up with big digs.
#4 Roxanne Brunsting                      9
Over 1000 career assists, great court vision, mentally tough leader
#14 Katie Condon                      9
Great front line hitter and defender. A senior talent that always comes 
through in tough situations. At match point, put Condon on the ball, 
especially coming off 18 digs and 11 kills against CSU East Bay.
#10 Lauren Demos                      8
Can get red hot when she’s on, but is still a little green on the court. 
#32 Amber Hawthorne                   7.5
Great defensive player with good setting hands.

#11 Rachelle Kinney                   8.5
Freshman front line hitter with the most potential on the team, hitting 
hard down the line.
#22 Sara McCutchan                    8
Utility player with quick feet and great court vision
#5 Hillary Williamson                   10
1000 digs, 1000 kills, 3rd ranked in CCAA for points scored per set
#1 Natasha Wilroy                    8
Senior front line hitter coming off the highest kill tally of her career, is 
heating up into the postseason.

WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL PLAYER RATINGS: Regular Season Play        COMPILED BY NICHOLAS HOWE

 spoken
It wasn’t meant to be. The ball wasn’t going to 
go in the back of their net.”

— BRIAN mCmANUS
UCSD WOMEN’S SOCCER COACH

Women’s soccer

SHUT OUT
UCSD makes a second-round exit from the NCAA 

tournament after dropping 1-0 to Chico State.

SUNDAY, NOV. 13
Western Washington 75
UC San Diego 72

The No. 13 Tritons closed out the 
CCAA/GNAC Shootout with a command-
ing 79-60 win over Western Washington.

UCSD showcased its sharpshooters on 
Sunday, converting 31 of its 61 attempts. 
Carlisle, who was awarded the tourna-
ment MVP, put together another standout 
performance with 27 points. Junior guard 
Emily Osga was also named to the All-
Tournament team. Osga bounced back to 
score 22 points against the Vikings follow-
ing a subpar performance just two days 
before against Seattle Pacific, in which the 
guard only contributed two points.

Again, UCSD had to come from 
behind, as Western Washington raced out 
to take the lead. With just over five min-
utes left to play, the Tritons tied the score 
at 25 with a pair of free throws from senior 
guard Daisy Feder. Buckets from Osga and 
Carlisle pushed the lead out to 11 before 
the end of the half. 

In the second half, the Tritons extended 
the lead, ending the game 19 points over 
Western Washington.

See W. SOCCER, page 11

See W. VOLLEYBALL, page 11

Brian Yip/GUardian


	111411NewsFINAL
	111411Opinion
	111411LeisureREAL
	111411_CALENDAR_Pg8
	111411_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg9
	111411Sports



