
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 20

INSIDE
MONDAY

Height: 3 ft.
Wind: 5-7 mph

Water Temp: 61 F

TUESDAY
Height: 3-6 ft.
Wind: 3-6 mph

Water Temp: 61 F

WEDNESDAY
Height: 4-6 ft.
Wind: 2-6 mph 

Water Temp: 61 F

THURSDAY
Height: 3-6 ft.

Wind: 1-12 mph 
Water Temp: 61 F

LOW

$3.46
Costco, San Marcos
725 Center Dr. near Nordahl Rd.

HIGH

$4.39
76, Coronado
900 Orange Ave & 9th St.

MONDAY
H 73 L 49

TUESDAY
H 74 L 51

GASÊPERÊGALLONNIGHTÊWATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

WEDNESDAY
H 68 L 50

THURSDAY
H 64 L 45

BirdlandÊ.................................2
LightsÊandÊSirensÊ...................3
TalkingÊtoÊMachinesÊ...............4
LettersÊtoÊtheÊEditorÊ...............5
HolidayÊGiftÊGuideÊ.................6
SudokuÊ..................................9
SportsÊ..................................12

MONDAY TUESDAY

The disrespect shown by 
several protesters was 

inexcusable.”

CHALRES REED
CSU Chancellor

“
WEDNESDAY THURSDAY

SURFÊREPORT

BY ZEV HURWITZ
Staff Writer

A former UC Davis student filed a lawsuit against the school on Nov. 
4, claiming he was hazed and sexually abused by a fraternity in 2008. Ryan 
Clifford — who eventually withdrew from his classes in response to the haz-
ing — stated that the university failed to protect him from being hazed as a 
pledge of the Chi Delta chapter of Alpha Epsilon Pi. 

Clifford claims that he was singled out for hazing because he was one 
of the only non-Jewish pledges at the time. AEPi is traditionally a frater-
nity aimed at recruiting Jewish members although, according to Jacob 
Silverman — UCSD AEPi chapter’s former vice president and current Jewish 
Community Chair — the fraternity is not Jewish-exclusive.

DavisÊAlumÊSuesÊUniversityÊ
OverÊAllegedÊAEPiÊHazing

BY ZEV HURWITZ
Staff Writer

Violent protests broke out at a California State University Board of Trustees meet-
ing on Nov. 16 when the Board 
approved a 9-percent tuition increase 
for the 2012-13 academic year.  
      Police stopped protesters, both stu-
dents and local “Occupy Long Beach” 
activists, as they attempted to gain 
entrance to the meeting held at the 
Cal State Office of the Chancellor in 
Long Beach.

Tuition at the 23 Cal State cam-
puses will increase by $498 per aca-
demic year, bringing the cost to nearly 
$6,000 annually. In an open letter, Cal 
State Chancellor Charles Reed called 
the decision to raise tuition “difficult,” 
and noted that the university would 
seek other sources of revenue, includ-
ing an increased enrollment of 5 per-
cent — or around 20,000 students.

“The Cal State’s budget was cut 

$650 million this year, and we face the 
real prospect of another $100-million 
reduction in a few weeks,” Reed wrote 
in the letter. “We have few options left, 
and increasing tuition is one of our 
most difficult choices.”

Amid clashes with Cal State police, 
protesters broke the glass building 
entrance and four people were arrest-
ed. The chancellor’s office estimated 
that the total damage to the building 
would cost around $30,000.

“Protesting peacefully and with 
purpose can be effective,” Reed said. 
“But demonstrations that turn disrup-
tive and result in damage and injury 
are intolerable. The disrespect shown 
by several protesters was inexcusable.”

Two days later, the California 
Faculty Association, a union comprised 
of professors and lecturers at Cal State 
campuses, staged a one-day strike in 
opposition to the trustees’ spending 
decisions. Reed urged students and fac-
ulty to avoid walking out on verbal 
discussion with trustees.

“We continue to urge our faculty 
union to bargain at the table,” Reed 
said. “Strikes and related activities are a 
costly distraction.”

A Nov. 17 Los Angeles Times article 

See CSU,Êpage 3

IT’S PRESENT TIME. 
SEE OUR ANNUAL 

HOLIDAY GIFT GUIDE. 
PAGE 6.

STUDENTS TAKE OVER 
CHANCELLOR’S MEETING

BY MICHAEL CHANG
Sta� Writer

Julio Angel Garcia-Puente has pleaded 
guilty to the sec-
ond-degree mur-
der of his wife 
Lorena Gonzalez. 
Gonzalez’s body 
was found in a 
burning car at a 
UCSD parking lot 
near Voigt Drive 
on Oct. 29, 2010.

A c c o r d i n g 
to San Diego 10 
News, prosecutors 
allege that Garcia-
Puente, then 50, murdered Gonzalez during 
the end of October. Garcia-Puente told police 
that he pushed Gonzalez and she hit her head 
on furniture and died. 

Gonzalez’s car was found in the UCSD 
parking lot around 9:20 p.m. Firefighters 
discovered the victim’s body after extinguish-
ing the flames; an autopsy determined that 
she was a victim of homicide, as two of 
Gonzalez’s teeth were found in her throat and 
her neck was fractured. 

Burning Car 
Defendent 
Pleads Guilty
to Homicide 

LOCALCALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY

THANKSGIVING
VICTORY
TheÊUCSDÊ
WomenÕsÊ
BasketballÊteamÊ
wonÊitsÊ
annualÊ
ThanksgivingÊ
ClassicÊonÊFridayÊ
andÊSaturday,Ê
Nov.Ê25-26,Ê
beatingÊÊCSUÊSanÊ
MarcosÊandÊFortÊ
Lewis.Ê

SEEÊMOREÊONÊ
PAGEÊ12.

?
By the Numbers

Total amount CSU 
will rise for 2012-
13 academic year

$498

$30,000
Estimated cost of 
damage to 
building after 
students broke 
glass entrance

UC SYSTEM

BRIAN YIP/GUARDIANSee HAZING,Êpage 3

See HOMICIDE,Êpage 3

JULIO GARCIA-PUENTE

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 19

Four people arrested after 
causing damage at CSU 
Board of Trustees meeting 
in Long Beach.



TheÊ UCSDÊ GuardianÊ isÊ publishedÊ MondaysÊ andÊ
ThursdaysÊduringÊ theÊacademicÊyearÊbyÊUCSDÊstudentsÊ
andÊ forÊ theÊ UCSDÊ community.Ê ReproductionÊ ofÊ thisÊ
newspaperÊ inÊ anyÊ form,Ê whetherÊ inÊ wholeÊ orÊ inÊ part,Ê
withoutÊ permissionÊ isÊ strictlyÊ prohibited.Ê ©Ê 2011,Ê allÊ
rightsÊ reserved.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ notÊ responsibleÊ
forÊtheÊreturnÊofÊunsolicitedÊmanuscriptsÊorÊart.ÊTheÊviewsÊ
expressedÊhereinÊdoÊnotÊnecessarilyÊrepresentÊtheÊopin-
ionsÊofÊtheÊUCSDÊGuardian,ÊtheÊUniversityÊofÊCaliforniaÊorÊ
AssociatedÊStudents.ÊTheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ fundedÊbyÊ
advertising.ÊDoÊyouÊeverÊfeelÊlikeÊbreakingÊdown?Ê(YES.)

GeneralÊEditorial:Ê858-534-6580Ê
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News:Ênews@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion:Êopinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports:Êsports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus:Êfocus@ucsdguardian.org
Leisure:Êleisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus:Êhiatus@ucsdguardian.orgÊ
Photo:Êphoto@ucsdguardian.org
Design:Êdesign@ucsdguardian.org

Art:Êart@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising:Ê858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax:Ê858-534-7035

Business Manager
EmilyÊKuÊ

Marketing & Advertising Director
BrandonÊKatzer

Webmaster
BryanÊSmith

Advertising & Marketing Assistants
ChristineÊAlabastroÊ

ChristineÊDooÊ
ShilpaÊSharma

Advertising Design & Layout 
AlfredoÊH.ÊVilanoÊJr.
A.S.ÊGraphicÊStudioÊ

Page Layout
NathanÊToung,ÊJanetÊHsueh,ÊArielleÊSallai,ÊAngelaÊChen

AngelaÊChen

ArielleÊSallai
MargaretÊYau

AngelaÊChen

NicoleÊChan
RebeccaÊHorwitz

LairaÊMartin

MargaretÊYau

MadelineÊMann

RachelÊUda

NicholasÊHowe

MinaÊNilchian

ArielleÊSallai

RenÊEbel

MonicaÊHaider
EmilyÊPham

AndrewÊOh

NolanÊThomas

NathanÊToung

RebekahÊHwang

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Leisure Editor

Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

HayleyÊBisceglia-Martin

MelodyÊChern

Development Editor

Design Program Director

2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Don't waste your vacation time with appointments!

Get your teeth cleaned
during the quarter!

David Sabourin, D.D.S.
Scripps Hospital/Ximed Center
9850 Genesee Avenue, Suite 760, La Jolla, California 92037
Phone: (858)452-2333 •  Email: smilemaker1@san.rr.com

Serving UCSD community for over 20 years

Walking distance from UCSD campus. Located across Voigt from the baseball �eld next to Scripps Memorial Hospital

STUDENT RATE INCLUDES 
COMPREHENSIVE EXAM, REQUIRED X-RAYS

& TEETH CLEANING (prophylaxis)

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .

g e t  i n f o r m e d . . .

new, bold look!

visit

more content. . . new, bold look!

ucsdguardian.org

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

RIGHT ON TIME By Isa Verendia

COMPILED BY NICOLE CHAN | associate news editorCURRENTS

UCSD SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA

▶“Merchants of Doubt,” co-written by UCSD 
history professor Naomi Oreskes with historian 
Erik Conway, received the History of Science 
Society’s Watson Davis and Helen Miles Davis 
Prize for best general audience book in the 
category “history of science.”

▶ Chancellor Marye Anne Fox joined Bridgepoint 
Education’s Board of Directors last week. 
Bridgepoint Education is a San Diego-based 
company that specializes in online classes. 
Chancellor Fox also is on the Board of Trustees 
at Dartmouth College, Board of Directors for 
software company Red Hat Inc. and Board of 
Directors for chemical company W.R. Grace & 
Co.

▶ The Jacobs School of Engineering will offer 
a new course called “iTunes 101: A Survey of 
Information Technology” starting Winter Quarter 
2012. Professor George Papen will teach the 
course. which will use iTunes to understand how 
information is generated, received and stored.

▶Authorities discovered nine tons of marijuana 
inside a tractor-trailer at the Otay Mesa crossing 
on Tuesday, Nov. 22. Seven men from San Diego 
and Tijuana were charged on Friday, Nov. 25 in 
U.S. Federal Court for drug smuggling. According 
to officials, the marijuana was estimated to be 
worth $13 million.

▶ Torrey Pines High School graduate Stephanie 
Bryson was named a Rhodes Scholar last week. 
Bryson, who double majored in German and 
international studies, is the first Rhodes Scholar 
from CSU Long Beach and the third from San 
Diego. Bryson is currently pursuing her master’s 
degree at Georgetown University.

▶Prince Harry was reportedly seen shopping at 
Fashion Valley Mall on Black Friday.

▶Alan Buckley, 19, was arrested on Saturday, Nov. 
26 after attempting to rob an Encinitas Rite-Aid 
of Oxycontin. 

▶ A woman who pepper sprayed video game 
shoppers at a southern California Walmart on Black 
Friday turned herself in to authorities Friday night. 
The Los Angeles Police Department is interviewing 
20 victims to investigate the situation before filing 
charges against the woman.

▶ Brandon McInerney, 17, pleaded guilty on 
Monday, Nov. 21 to the second-degree murder of 
15-year-old Larry King at E.O. Green Junior High 
School in Oxnard. McInerney, who was 14 at the 
time of the shooting, will face 21 years in prison.  

▶ The UC Board of Regents will meet Monday via 
teleconference from UC campuses in Los Angeles, 
Merced, Davis and Mission Bay. The Regents will 
vote on Yudof ’s proposal to ask the state for more 
funding.

▶ A new state law beginning next year, the 
Kindergarten Readiness Act, will move the cutoff 
date for new kindergartners from December to 
September. The law will also require districts to 
create a new grade level for children with fall 
birthdays but who do not make the cutoff date.    



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3




























LIGHTS & SIRENS

Thursday, Nov. 17
8:28 a.m.: Information
A driver was yelling and cursing at 
the intersection of Garnet Avenue 
and Olney Street. Information only.
1:32 p.m.: Citizen contact 
The reporter received a “suspicious 
email” at Vaughn Hall. Checks OK.
7:31 p.m.: Citizen contact 
Someone at North Mesa Apartments 
received “suspicious voicemail 
messages.” Information only.
10:01 p.m.: Noise disturbance 
Loud talking and electric guitar 
playing caused a disturbance at Asia 
Hall. Will cooperate.
 
Friday, Nov. 18
12:04 a.m.: Medical aid
A young female was having a seizure 
at Lot 705. Transported to hospital.
12:25 a.m.: Drunk in public
The subject was intoxicated but 
“OK.” Checks OK.
9:13 p.m.: Medical aid
The subject at La Jolla Del Sol 
Apartments had a panic attack. 
Transported to hospital.
10:06 p.m.: Citizen contact
Someone in Lot 504 was “urinating 
in public.” Information only.

Saturday, Nov. 19
1:13 a.m.: Citizen contact
An RA at The Village Building 1 
smelled marijuana. Unable to locate.
1:49 a.m.: Disturbance
There was a “possible fraternity 
hazing” taking place in Lot 401. 
Field interview administered.
2:09 a.m.: Noise disturbance
Residents at Muir Apartments were 
disturbed by a “loud bass.” Quiet on 
arrival. 
2:56 a.m.: Welfare check
There was a “possible ill subject” at 
Village East 1. Checks OK.
9:33 p.m.: Information
A “hip hop concert” was held at 
Porters Pub. Information only.

11:16 p.m.: Alcohol contact
Someone at Muir Apartments 
consumed excessive amounts of 
alcohol. Transported to hospital.
 
Sunday, Nov.  20
12:32 a.m.: Disturbance
A fight, “unknown if physical or 
verbal,” broke out at The Village 
Building 1. Checks OK.
1:50 a.m.: Noise disturbance 
There was a disturbing amount of 
“loud talking and laughing” at Mesa 
Verde Hall. Quiet on arrival.
8:10 a.m.: Welfare check
There was a man lying on the 
ground by Scripps Memorial 
Hospital. Field interview 
administered.
4:01 p.m.: Disturbance
A subject at Thornton Hospital 
refused to leave. Field interview 
administered.
8:52 p.m.: Suspicious 
circumstances
The reporter saw some possibly 
illegal paraphernalia at The Village 
Building 8. Unable to locate.
 
Monday, Nov. 21
10:50 a.m.: Disturbance
A bus rider was yelling at a bus 
driver at Mandeville Center. Checks 
OK.
11:14 a.m.: Citizen contact
The International Center received 
a “suspicious note.” Field interview 
administered.
11:24 a.m.: Abandoned vehicle
An abandoned vehicle was found by 
the intersection of Eucalyptus Grove 
Lane and Gilman Drive. Referred to 
other agency - Parking.
2:26 p.m.: Vandalism
The Student Services Center got 
vandalized with graffiti. Referred to 
other agency. 

—COMPILED BY SARAH KANG 
Staff Writer

noted that California Lt. Gov. Gavin 
Newsom, a Cal State trustee, had 
asked the rest of the board to reex-
amine the tuition hike at a meeting 
next month. 

Newsom compared Cal State’s 
budget situation to that of the 
University of California, noting that 
UC President Mark G. Yudof had 

elected not to raise tuition in an 
effort to encourage more funding 
from state government. 

“We should send a strong mes-
sage and reject this,” Newsom said. 
“That will get a strong reaction in 
Sacramento.”

Earlier this month, Yudof 
announced he would seek alterna-
tive sources of income to help offset 

the UC system’s $650-million bud-
get cut. 

Tuition at the 10 UC campuses 
rose 11 percent this past July fol-
lowing an 8-percent increase in 
November 2010 and a 32-percent 
increase in November 2009.

Readers can contact Zev Hurwitz at 
zhurwitz@ucsd.edu.

Mexican law enforcement arrested 
Garcia-Puente on Nov. 5, 2010 in the 
Otay neighborhood of Tijuana. He 
was subsequently turned over at the 
San Ysidro point of entry to the San 
Diego Police Department in connec-
tion to the murder of the 38-year-old 
Gonzalez.

At a preliminary hearing on March 
30, 2011, medical evidence revealed 
that Gonzalez’s neck had been broken 
at three different points, indicating 
that she had suffered a strike to the 
face and died from strangulation. 

The autopsy also showed that 
Gonzalez had suffered blunt-force 
trauma in the abdomen and the back 

of her neck.
According to the “Man Pleads 

Guilty,” published Nov. 18 by NBC 
San Diego, Garcia-Puente told inves-
tigators that his wife’s death was an 
accident. 

He said that he had confronted 
Gonzalez after suspecting her of hav-
ing an affair. He confronted her, push-
ing her and causing fatal damage. 
Garcia-Puente said that, at this point, 
he began to panic, and decided to 
wrap her body in a blanket, which he 
put in a car that he then set on fire. 

Deputy District Attorney Nicole 
Rooney told NBC San Diego that 
Gonzalez’s pastor knew the couple 
was having marital problems. 

According to Rooney, the victim’s 

family agreed to the plea agreement. 
“They felt comfortable with this 

being labeled an intentional killing,” 
Rooney said.

The San Diego Police Department, 
not the UCSD police, was given con-
trol over the case because it involved a 
suspected homicide. 

Garcia-Puente is scheduled to be 
sentenced on Jan. 20. He will receive 
anywhere from 16 years and four 
months to life in prison. 

Had Garcia-Puente been found 
convicted by verdict of a jury or judge 
instead of pleading guilty, he could 
have received 25 years to life in prison.

Readers can contact Michael Chang at 
mac005@ucsd.edu.

“There is no national or interna-
tional policy that says that brothers of 
Alpha Epsilon Pi need to be Jewish,” 
Silverman said. “As our Jewish 
Community Chair, I find it reprehen-
sible on the part of the people that 
were administering the treatment to 
[Clifford] and I think that the vast 
majority or the brothers at our chap-
ter would agree.”

According to a Nov. 11 article in 
the Sacramento Bee, Clifford claimed 
that he was forced to consume exces-

sive amounts of alcohol, do drugs 
and strip naked. He also said he was 
touched inappropriately by members 
of the fraternity during a manda-
tory retreat in October 2008. Clifford 
said he reported the incidents mul-
tiple times to UCD officials, but the 
department did not take action. 

UC Davis Chancellor Linda 
Katehi released a statement on Nov. 
10 emphasizing that the university 
prohibited all forms of hazing. Katehi 
said the university will take appro-
priate actions should allegations of 
harassment be found to not have been 

properly investigated or handled. 
“If hazing occurred at this fraterni-

ty, we will take appropriate sanctions,” 
she wrote. “UC Davis will not tolerate 
abusive behavior toward its students.”

AEPi’s national website states that 
the fraternity outlaws hazing and new 
members must pledge not to allow 
themselves to be hazed.

Clifford has not made any public 
comment on the lawsuit or his allega-
tions.

Readers can contact Zev Hurwitz at 
zhurwitz@ucsd.edu.

MedicalÊAutopsyÊShowsÊVictimÊDiedÊof ÊBluntÊTraumaÊandÊStrangulation

GavinÊNewsomÊAdvisedÊCSUÊChancellorÊtoÊConsiderÊOtherÊFundingÊOptions

DavisÊChancellor:ÊWeÊWillÊNotÊTolerateÊAbusiveÊBehaviorÊTowardÊStudents

▶ HOMICIDE, from page 1

▶ CSU, from page 1

▶ HAZING, from page 1



OPINION
MARGARET YAU
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

As of last week, I have vowed to never again complain about fixing people’s bad writing. I 
have found true horror, and it is not 
the annoyance of repeatedly correct-
ing passive voice to active voice. True 
horror is the pain of reading through 
your own terrible writing. It is the 
despair of slogging through eight years 
of overly earnest blogs, almost all of 
which make me roll my eyes so hard I 
can almost see my brain.

For years now I’ve been trying to 

consolidate my digital litter — frag-
mented into sites ranging from gmail 
to tumblr — into one place, hoping to 
unify my online presence into a single 
collection so thorough that it might 
as well be the real me. It’s a frustrating 
project, but I have one thing going for 
me: I’m still alive to do it. 

This seems like an odd advantage, 
but when we’re drowning in content 
and when 370,000 Facebook users 
die annually, everyone online should 
think about what happens to our data 
after death. Sure, there’s the Facebook 
“memorialize” option, but most of us 
also have wreaths of other correspon-
dence, some of which we’d rather not 
see the light of day (see: James Joyce’s 
dirty love letters), others we’d like to be 
preserved and made accessible in a bid 
for immortality.

Take the case of Leslie Harpold, a 
former coworker of mine and popu-
lar blogger, who died unexpectedly 
in 2006. Harpold hadn’t provided 
instructions on how to execute her 
digital estate, so her family took down 
the websites that hosted her work 
online, cutting a crucial part of her off 
from her previous admirers. On the 
flip side, there’s the parents of Justin 
Ellsworth, a Marine killed in 2004, 
who sued Yahoo! in order to have 
access to his email — which likely 
contained messages never meant for 
their eyes. We have yet to see a major 
case over posthumus online privacy 
rights, but with existing estate laws 
inapplicable to digital artifacts, it’s 
only a matter of time before the battle 
between parents who want to destroy 
Sarah’s Cabo spring break album, and 
the classmates who want it saved to 
remember every facet of their friend. 
There’s been a few proposed solutions 
for preservation, from websites offer-
ing to host content indefinitely (for a 
one-time fee) to suggestions that uni-
versities take control of digital archives 
the way they collect rare books. All of 
these ideas have their kinks (such as 
the fate of content violating copyright), 
but the problem of digital afterlife is 
here to stay, with effects on our brows-
ing habits while we’re still breathing. 

This public form of living is a form 
of democratization — now we can 
access the life of almost anyone, big 
or small; the Library of Congress even 
announced last year that it is planning 
to archive every tweet. But the unprec-
edented memory of the Internet gives 
enormous weight to everything we do, 
eradicating Milan Kundera’s “unbear-
able lightness of being” and taking 
away some of the freedom to be stupid 
now and not be judged after death. 

WhenÊYouÕreÊ
DeadÊtoÊtheÊ
World,ÊNotÊtoÊ
theÊInternet

Talking to 
Machines

ANGELA CHEN
shchen@ucsd.edu

Talking to 
Machines

QUICK TAKES UCSD INSTALLED THE “FALLEN STAR” ART PIECE AS THE NEWESST CONTRIBUTION TO THE STUART ART COLLECTION. THE PROJECT DEPICTS A CRASHED HOUSE AND COST $1.3 MILLION.

The “Fallen Star,” the latest piece of art in UCSD’s Stuart Collection, consists of a 
small house and garden that sits atop the Jacobs 
School of Engineering building. Despite the criti-
cism that the art piece has received due to its 
partial funding by taxpayer dollars, it should be 
embraced in the same manner as the Stonehenge, 
the snake path and numerous other permanent 
outdoor sculptures on campus.

The Stuart Art Collection is a valuable part 
of USCD’s identity. For instance, the Sun God 
statue, the Stuart Collection’s first work, has 
become a symbol of UCSD culture, with its 
inclusion in UCSD brochures and most notably, 
with the annual Sun God Festival that began 
in 1983. The Guardian also proudly uses the 
Sun God as its logo. Since 1982, the collection 
has brought internationally acclaimed artists to 
design distinct, site-specific works. Sculptures 
such as the Warren Bear, the “Vices and Virtues” 
lights and the front entrance of Geisel Library 
are incorporated into the landscape of the cam-
pus. The Stuart Collection gives UCSD students, 
staff, faculty, the San Diego community and 
campus visitors from around the world a chance 
to admire unique, clever art pieces made specifi-
cally for UCSD

Of course, neither the Fallen Star nor any of 
the other sculptures on campus are cheap. The 
Falling Star cost $1.3 million, $90,000 of which 
came from the National Endowment for the 
Arts. But the Stuart Collection relies on taxpayer 
dollars as well as the financial support of many 
organizations, foundations and individuals. The 
criticism of art pieces for their partial funding by 
taxpayer dollars not only is unfair to the artists 
who made them — who generally lack control 
over where the money for their art comes from 
— but also is a loss to the Stuart Collection itself, 
an important part of UCSD’s identity. 

— ARIK BURAKOVSKY
Senior Staff Writer

A Unique Addition to Stuart Collection NEA Donation Goes a Long WayNot the Time For Expensive Art

Fallen Star is the 18th and latest entry into the site-specific sculptures that are sprin-
kled throughout the UCSD campus, collectively 
known as the Stuart Collection. 
     While this piece of art may add culture to 
the campus, it serves as a public billboard for 
wasteful government spending to those who are 
unfamiliar with how the project was funded. 

Designed by famed artist Do Ho Suh, 
“Fallen Star” is a remarkably complex engineer-
ing feat and costly piece — approximately $1.3 
million. 

The revenue for this project was funded 
almost wholly through private donations and 
a $90,000 grant from the National Endowment 
for the Arts, paid for by taxpayers. 

In an article by the San Diego 10 News, sev-
eral UCSD students even stated that this was 
not the best use of money. This piece unknow-
ingly reinforces the image of a government-
spending monster that is quickly spiraling out 
of control. 

This project is being installed at an unfortu-
nate time. 

Due to a state budget shortfall of $13 billion 
dollars over the next 18 months, UC tuition has 
hit a record high of $13,200 per student, and 
academic shutdowns like the closing of CLICs 
library are especially hitting hard. 

While the money being used to fund this 
project cannot be used anywhere else, it makes 
little difference to some people, like the San 
Diego Tax Fighters, who believe that the gov-
ernment needs to focus on things more impor-
tant than art.

UCSD needs to either be more transparent 
and vocal about how things are funded or wait 
for more economic friendly times to install 
such a superfluous and, from a financial stand-
point, easily critiqued endeavor.

— ALEKS LEVIN
Staff Writer

Though touted as a privately funded engi-neering feat, Do Ho Suh’s $1.3 million 
“Fallen Star” art piece was actually partially 
subsidized by taxpayers’ dollars to the tune 
of $90,000 National Endowment for the Arts 
grant, an organization founded and funded by 
Congress since 1965. 

There may be hesitation about the relative 
importance of government funded art projects 
considering the countless other problems in 
the nation, but the NEA is already a established 
part of our government. Because of its longev-
ity and respect it has earned over its 46 years of 
existence, a small contribution from them can 
go a long way.

According to the NEA website, only 2 per-
cent of arts support comes directly from federal 
funds, with less than 1 percent of that coming 
from NEA. However, this small percentage has 
a large impact. In a speech by NEA Chairman 
Dana Gioia, the conclusion of multiple studies 
has shown that the grants the well-known and 
established organizations provide for projects 
have a “multiplying effect.” 

Once the NEA contributes to an artist 
endeavor, their funds are usually matched, 
“generat[ing] 7 to 8 times more money in 
terms of matching grants, further donations 
and earned revenue.”

Because the NEA is such a respected insti-
tute, the money that they do donate legitimizes 
a project and creates more validation in the 
eyes of others. By donating just under 7 per-
cent to “Fallen Star”’s total budget, the NEA 
helped the project achieve its $1.3 million goal. 

The money the NEA gives has already 
been allocated to them, and while government 
funded art support has significantly decreased 
in the past five years, a little can go a long way 
in creating a work of art. 

— CHELSEY DAVIS
Staff Writer

Appalled by the actions of UC Davis police who pepper-sprayed non-violent student protestors, UC President Mark Yudof has sought to revise policing protocols by calling an emergency meeting with the 
chancellors to review police action. Yudof may be doing all he can to address 
this egregious incident, but his method will likely limit the possibility of sub-
stantive change to policing policy.

After a recent string of violence by police officers — most notably the 
pepper spraying incident at UC Davis and the baton incident at Cal — Yudof 
hired Bill Braton, former LAPD police chief, to review the police action taken 
during these protests. In 30 days, he will submit his report to a panel of stu-
dents and faculty who will then suggest revisions to UC Davis Chancellor 
Linda Katehi.

This long-winded procedure will guarantee that by the time any revision to 
police protocols will be suggested, the outrage and impact of this police bru-
tality will have fallen out of the public mind. 

But more importantly, Bratton is known for his zero-tolerance approach 
to crime. His belief that minor crimes like loitering should be dealt with as 

swiftly as major felonies makes it unclear whether his report will sufficiently 
condemn the actions of UC Davis police officers, given Bratton’s staunch sup-
port of aggressive police vigilance. 

In response to the summer 2011 London riots, Prime Minister David 
Cameron flew Bratton over to advise the government how to react. Bratton 
announced his belief that the ‘criminal element’ needed to fear the police 
more, a feat made possible through more aggressive arrests. If this is any 
indication of the tone of his report, the UC system may very well end up in a 
more draconian police policy rooted in fear. According to UCI professor Mark 
Levine, Yudof hired this man without the opinions of any UC faculty — a 
number of whom would be much more capable experts than Bratton.

Additionally, Yudof appointed UC General Counsel Charles Robinson and 
UC Berkeley School of Law Dean Christopher Edley Jr. to lead an examina-
tion of police protocol across all UC campuses. This will include visits to 
campuses to talk to students and faculty along with consultation with experts. 

AÊRoughÊReview
PHOTO ILLUSTRATION BY REBEKAH HWANG/GUARDIAN

Yudof  ‘s call to review Occupy police tactics may be a well intentioned move, but the officials leading the 
examination may not yield the results student protestors hope to see.

By Saad aSad • Senior STaFF WriTer

See POLICE,Êpage 5



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

Yudof and Chancellors are Responsible for Change

CROSSHATCHED By Samantha Sligh LETTER TO THE EDITOR

Dear Editor,
I am a born and raised San 

Franciscan starting my freshman 
year at UCSD.

Being from the city with some 
of the toughest recycling and 
composting laws in the country, 
I appreciate San Diego’s efforts to 
regulate waste disposal. However, I 
do sometimes find myself uncon-
sciously policing my dorm’s trash 
cans, much to the annoyance of 
my roommate who tolerates my 
not-so-subtle “are you sure you 
should be putting those in the 
recycling?” 

One thing that particularly 
struck me in my change of loca-
tion was the school’s continued 
use of polystyrene foam, better 
known as “Styrofoam.” This one 
detail reminded me of a larger 
idea: that recycling and compost-
ing represent only the step of 
waste disposal What should be 
considered, however, is the source 
of the problem: the production of 
materials that cannot be reused.

Polystyrene is only one exam-
ple of many materials that end up 
in landfills. Americans generate 
250 million tons of garbage a year. 
These numbers could be reduced 

if we use materials that can be 
recycled or composted, especially 
in a world where there is increas-
ing competition for resources and 
space to provide for a growing 
population. 

There are many alternatives to 
Styrofoam, such as cardboard and 
paper. Of course the same can be 
said for many materials, but being 
less common than plastic, another 
enemy of the environment, it 
would be easier to wean ourselves 
off of it. I believe that Styrofoam’s 
disadvantages outweigh its ben-
efits and our discontinued use of 
the material would be the first 
of many helpful steps towards 
becoming a more environmentally 
friendly and conscientious com-
munity. 

—Camille Lew
Freshman, Revelle College 

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

Afterwards, they will recommend steps to be taken to 
change police procedures.

Intentions aside, the end result may not yield any 
fruitful progress for police procedures. Admittedly, both 
Robinson and Edley Jr. are much less aggressive people 
than Bratton, but because they can only recommend 
revisions, there is no way to guarantee a change in police 
practices. All this effort of traveling and meeting experts 
could come to naught if changes are rejected by Yudof.

Ultimately, these changes to UC Davis and the UC 
system overall are dependent on how Yudof and the 
chancellors feel about the recommendations. None of the 
police practices are subject to democratic referendum, but 
rather it will be up to actors like Yudof and the chancel-
lors to make a decisive change.

But Yudof doesn’t need two investigations and reviews 
to tell him that military grade pepper spray should be 

used from 15 feet away. Furthermore, the 9th Circuit 
Court ruled that police officers must face an immediate 
threat to use pepper spray. 

The videos from UC Davis on the other hand, showed 
police officers pepper spraying a row of students peace-
fully sitting on the ground in protest. Police are meant to 
protect and serve, a call to honor that was terribly absent 
during the protests. It is obvious that police procedures 
need to be changed.

If student calls back down, these investigations will 
lead to meaningless reforms. Faculty, staff, and students 
must be united and act vigilant to ensure police are 
unable to unlawfully suppress free speech on UC campus-
es. Students have a powerful voice, and it is time Yudof, 
the chancellors and the police come to this realization. 
Free speech must prevail and police suppression must 
end.

Readers can contact Saad Asad at sasad@ucsd.edu

▶ POLICE, fromÊpageÊ4

Finding an Earth-
Friendly Alternative

OPINION
APPLY TODAY.  APPLICATIONS AT UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG. 



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ARIELLE SALLAI
leisure@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

lifestyleleisure
the ucsd guardian and Leisure Present

The 2011 Holiday 
Gift Guide

For the Facial Hair Lover
Beards Are Sexy Bag - $10
etsy.com/listing/59686006/
beards-are-sexy-tote-bag
For the gal who loves facial hair 
but can’t grow it herself, a printed 
tote bag on etsy.com (hocking the 
phrase “Beards Are Sexy”) is the 
perfect homage to whiskers. It’ll 
make her own bearded man so 
proud — or attract the lumberjack 
of her dreams.

“Beard” - $14.95
chroniclebooks.com/
beard.html
Every year, hundreds of men 
compete in the World Beard and 
Moustache Championships, and 
in 2009, photographer Matthew 
Rainwaters was at the competition 
in Anchorage, Alaska to document 
it all. The result is Beard — a col-
lection of portraits of the men with 

the weirdest, bushiest, manliest 
beards of them all. 

Movember TOMS - $58-$95
toms.com/movember
The Mo — slang for mustache. 
November — this month, duh. 
Put ‘em together — Movember: 
An event sponsoring the growth 
of mustaches on charitable men 
to raise funds and awareness of 
cancers affecting men. In col-
laboration with the charity, TOMS 
Shoes has created some snazzy 
Movember footwear, each made 
with waxed twill and featuring 
an embroidered Mo on the side. 
All the proceeds go toward the 
Movember Foundation.

Mustache Magnet - $10.95
mcphee.com/shop/products/
Mustache-Jumbo-Magnet

Your car has a face, with headlights 
like a pair of giant bug eyes and 
a grill like a Cheshire Cat smile. 
But there’s something missing: 
A moustache. Novelty toy dealer 
Archie McPhee has you covered 
with the Mustache Jumbo Magnet 
— a 26-1/2” wide magnetic ‘stache 
perfect for sticking on the nose of 
your car or on your refrigerator.

Mustache Poet - $11.95
magneticpoetry.com/product/
mustache-poet
Cover your favorite mustache 
aficionado’s fridge with magnetic 
poems devoted to whiskers. The 
kit features over 200 manly words 
to celebrate the ‘stache lifestyle — 
whiskey and all. 

— Arielle Sallai
Managing Editor

For the baconvore
my first talking bacon - $9.99
thinkgeek.com/interests/giftsun-
der20/e1d0/
Some kids grow up alongside sing-a-long 
Elmos. Other, cooler kids, play with “My 
First Bacons” long before they are weaned 
onto solids. Standing at almost two feet tall, 
it’s the perfect present for the friend (or 
child) who flinches at the words “vegan,” 
“quinoa” and “soyrizo.”  
 
gummy bacon - $4.99
thinkgeek.com/caffeine/bacon/b97f/
Gross out your meat-hating friends or col-
leagues by devouring a package of gummy 
bacon in front of them. It so resembles real 
raw bacon that you, a baconvore, might 
even recoil in disgust, but take heart: It’s 
strawberry flavored. 

hand-painted silk bacon scarf- 
$56.99
thinkgeek.com/caffeine/bacon/e64f/
When your pork chop earrings aren’t cut-
ting it, festoon your outfit with a sassy silk 
bacon scarf. Show what you truly love by 
wearing what you truly love — and remem-
ber, only Lady Gaga can pull off real meat.

bacon lip balm- 
$2.95
mcphee.com/shop/prod-
ucts/Bacon-Lip-Balm.html
Lip smackers are so elementary 
school. We’ve moved on — to 
bacon. After hours of necking 
with your holiday love interest, 
freshen up your chapped lips 
with the sweet, sweet taste of 
pork lard.  

bacon dental floss- 
$3.99
thinkgeek.com/caf-
feine/bacon/e77c/
Dental hygiene is impor-
tant. But when the 
holidays hit, it’s hard to 
remember our dentist’s 
orders and break out 
the good old mint-
flavored floss. So when 
you have meat on the mind, make sure you 
keep bacon dental floss at hand. 

— Margaret Yau
Managing Editor

bacon lip balm- bacon lip balm- bacon lip balm- 

mcphee.com/shop/prod-
ucts/Bacon-Lip-Balm.html
Lip smackers are so elementary 
school. We’ve moved on — to 
bacon. After hours of necking 
with your holiday love interest, 
freshen up your chapped lips 
with the sweet, sweet taste of 

bacon dental floss- bacon dental floss- bacon dental floss- bacon dental floss- bacon dental floss- bacon dental floss- bacon dental floss- 

thinkgeek.com/caf-
feine/bacon/e77c/
Dental hygiene is impor-

holidays hit, it’s hard to 
remember our dentist’s 
orders and break out 
the good old mint-
flavored floss. So when 

bongo drum - $12.99
amzn.com/B000AAPLN6
If you’ve got a friend on the front lines 
of the Occupy Movement, give them 
the power to lead the pack with one 
bangin’ bongo drum. (AS)

typography maps - $24-$30
orangeandpark.com
Map-inspired prints featuring San 
Diego surf spots — designed by local 
company Orange and Park — are great 
for the design-savvy surfer. (AS)

stickygram - $14.99
stickygram.com
Those perfectly filtered photos of your 
friend’s cat can now leave her iPhone, 
with the help of StickyGram, which 
turns Instragrams into magnets. (AS)

beer soap - $19
shop.coolmaterial.com
Real men smell like beer, even when 
they aren’t actually drinking it — cour-
tesy of beer-flavored soap, available in 
the brew of your choice. (AS)

tv dad sweater - $64
toddland.bigcartel.
com/product/tv-dad-
sweater
This old man sweater 
has Jello-O pudding 
pops printed all over it, 
so you can really break 
out your inner TV dad, 
Bill Cosby-style. (AS)

holy water flask - $24
uncommongoods.com/
product/holy-water-
flask
Piss of mom, dad and 
your priest with some 
good old-fashioned 
sacrilege. Vodka and 
holy water are one in the 
same, right? (AS)

giantmicrobes - $9
giantmicrobes.com
GIANTmicrobes plush-
ies are stuffed versions of 
microbes, from amoebas 
to Mad Cow Disease, 
and serve as educational 
references for pre-meds 
while doubling as study-
ing stress balls. (EP)



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Undergrads - To pick up your vouchers, 
have your student ID card and go to Extension 
Student Services Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical students - please 
contact OGSR and the School of Medicine for  
their complimentary vouchers.

Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
UCSD Student Grant Program 
(formerly known as Complimentary Enrollment)

Winter Quarter 2012 Dates:  November 28 - December 2, 2011
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)
 

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* History of Rock Music  * Back to the 
Future: Playful Photography with Plastic 
Cameras or Smartphone Cameras * 
Improv 101 * FOREIGN LANGUAGES 
*In Review: Spanish I or II * Japanese 
for Communication I * HUMANITIES & 
WRITING * Creative Writing I * Copyediting 

I * Advanced Feature Writing for Print and 
Online * DIGITAL ARTS * Digital Media * 
Web Design: From Static to Interactive 
* Dreamweaver I * BUSINESS * Project 
Management Essentials * Introduction 
to Business *  Finance Management 
* Marketing Via New Media * PUBLIC 
SERVICE & SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 

* Introduction to Sustainability * Urban 
Planning and Development Processes and 
Functions  * Global Volunteer Service * LIFE 
SCIENCES * Cell and Molecular Biology 
* Good Laboratory Practices * Genomics 
Sequencing Technologies * Introduction 
to Pharmacology * INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY * Introduction to Statistics *

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.

For the bibliophile
out of print clothing - $30
outofprintclothing.com
As a last resort, these mildly over-
priced T-shirts printed with book 
covers are available at the bookstore. 
They don’t have much beyond the 
usual “classics” selection, but online, 
the store is expanded to include 
iPhone cases, coasters and tote bags. 

book purses - $30-$50
etsy.com
Ever since Natalie Portman sported 
a clutch made from a copy of Lolita, 
book purses have become a fashion-
able accessory for the wealthy and 
erudite. A simple etsy.com search will 
turn up dozens of styles and titles, but 
be warned — the lowest price I saw 
was about $40, so it might be a better 
idea to head to a secondhand book-
store, check out some YouTube tutori-
als and try to make one yourself. 

book jewelry - $15-$20
etsy.com
I’m guilty of owning Dostoevsky ear-
rings and a bracelet with portraits of 
my favorite writers — all found on 
etsy.com. Search “literary jewelry” 
on the site to find lockets and pins 
of major authors to your heart’s 
content. For those who are sick of 
seeing another pair of Great Gatsby 
earrings or James Joyce cufflinks, 
users such as DesignsByAnnette and 
ArtHistoryNerd do custom requests, 
so you can intrigue everyone with 
your Passion According to G.H. locket. 
You hipster, you.

conceal bookshelf - $10
umbra.com/ustore/prod-
uct/330638-560.store
This “floating” bookshelf is the prac-
tical gift for the bibliophile running 
out of regular shelf space. The shelf 

becomes “invisible” once mounted, 
creating the illusion of a stack of 
books floating in midair.

postertext book posters - 
$30
postertext.com
These posters are made with the 
text from the book itself (which is 

legible), arranged to create a scene 
from the book; for example, the 
Crime and Punishment one has a 
lovely image of Raskolnikov killing 
the pawn broker with an axe, perfect 
for sweet dreams. 

— Angela Chen
Editor In Chief

For the audiophile
the beach boys’ smile sessions - $139.99
amzn.com/B004RFYEEC
Even more than its polarizing psychedelia, 
sprawling length and Sgt. Pepper’s-matched 
innovation, the Beach Boys’ (more accu-
rately, Brian Wilson’s) pinnacle SMiLE is most 
famous for never being officially released. But 
now, your favorite introvert has the chance to 
own an essential piece of rock ‘n’ roll history 
that’s been lost for almost half a century. If you 
have a particularly special music nerd in mind, 
you can opt for the gargantuan SMiLE Sessions 
box set, which includes the intended 2xLP, 
singles, unseen photographs, a giant poster 
and hours of LSD-fueled bonus “outtakes.” The 

box even doubles as light-up diorama of Frank Holmes’ original cover art, so you can blow 
your mind without even listening to the damn thing.

— Ren Ebel 
Hiatus Editor

mix cd
I took my brother to a Fleet 
Foxes concert over the summer 
and ever since then we’ve been 
trading band recommendations. 
So if you and your brother 
have a mutual appreciation for 
music, make him a mix cd. 
 
cologne
Help your bro impress the 
ladies with cologne. My brother 
strongly advises to not go to 
A&F or Hollister, but to choose 
a “real man’s cologne to smell 
like a real man.”

tanks
Share a piece of San Diego 
beach style by getting a a tank 

top from a local surf shop.

short longboards
If he doesn’t have his license 
yet, he’ll need a way to get to his 
friend’s house. Short longboards 
— slightly shorter than an aver-
age skateboard deck — are the 
perfect gift to help your brother 
maintain an effortless cool.

snapbacks
You can’t go wrong with a 
Snapback hat. If he’s a little 
bit retro or into hip-hop style, 
he definitely has this on his 
wishlist.

— nicole chan 
associate news editor

For a younger brother



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  28,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

CAMPUS 11.28-12.4
CALENDAR

MON11.28
2pm
MATT NIEDZWIECKI- ECONOMICS BUILDING 
ROOM 300
Matt Niedzwiecki from UCSD will present his current 
research. Contact Gordon Dahl: (858) 822-0644, 
gdahl@ucsd.edu

TUE11.29
8:30am
RHEUMATOLOGY, ALLERGY AND IMMUNOLOGY 
SEMINAR SERIES (RAISS)- LEICHTAG BIOMEDICAL 
RESEARCH BUILDING, ROOM 107
Extracellular Matrix in Development, Aging, and 
Disease presented by Adam J Engler, PhD. Contact 
Marcia da Silva: (858) 534-2359, 
raidivision@ucsd.edu.

3:30pm
DR. JUAN CARLOS HALLAK- DEAN’S CONFERENCE 
ROOM- IR/PS ROBINSON BUILDING COMPLEX
Dr. Hallak from Universidad de San Andres will present 
Lifting the Domestic Veil: The Challenges of Exporting 
Differentiated Goods Across the Development Divide. 
Contact Thomas Baranga: (858) 822-2877, 
tbaranga@ucsd.edu

WED11.30
1pm
CO-REGULATION IN MEXICAN ENVIRONMENTAL LAW- 
INSTITUTE OF THE AMERICAS BUILDING
Discussant: Gordon C. McCord, Assistant Professor, School of 
International Relations and Pacific Studies, UC San Diego. 
Contact Mallinger Greg: (858) 822-1696, 
gmallinger@ucsd.edu

4:30pm
NEW WRITING SERIES PRESENTS SANDRA DOLLER- 
LITERATURE BUILDING, ROOM 155
Author, poet, founder and editor of 1913 journal of forms and 
1913 Press, publisher, reads for New Writing Series. Contact 
Nancy Daly: (858) 534-4618, ndaly@ucsd.edu

THU12.1
8pm
MARCO BENEVENTO WITH KAIBORG- THE LOFT
Marco Benevento has been building a nationwide following for 
some jaw-dropping improvisational skills, a nogenres- barred 
approach and a globe-trotting touring schedule. Contact UCSD 
Box Office: (858) 534-8497, artpower@ucsd.edu

FRI12.2
4pm
THE STORM- SHEILA AND HUGHES POTIKER THEATRE
A young couple, domineering mother, an eccentric scientist, a 
powerful businessman, and a new-comer all harbor secrets. The 
intertwining of nature, science, and faith flood the stage in this 
classic play by one of Russia’s treasured dramatists. Contact 
UCSD Box Office: (858) 534-8497, artpower@ucsd.edu

8pm
POOLSIDE AND THEM JEANS - THE LOFT
Break out your Hawaiian shirts and huarache sandals and get 
ready for a tropical evening of Nu Disco! Take a break from 
studying! Relax and dance with DJs POOLSIDE and THEM 
JEANS! These Los Angeles locals have been making names for 
themselves performing at Steve Aoki's brain-child, PACIFIC FEST, 
Filter Magazine's CULTURE COLLIDE and even at the acclaimed 
Electric Daisy Carnival!!! UCSD Student: $10/Regular: $12/Be 
Lofty Member: FREE

SAT12.3
9:30am
BOOK & GIFT SHOP PRE-SEASON SALE
Tis the SEASon to shop for great ocean gifts! Aquarium members 
receive 20% off all merchandise December 3-11. Shop for unique 
ocean-themed gifts for the holidays, including books, glass 
paperweights, ornaments, toys, and clothing for adults and kids. 
Contact Book & Gift Shop: (858) 534-8753, 
aquariuminfo@ucsd.edu.

MARCO BENEVENTO WITH KAIBORG
THE LOFT • 8pm

THU12.1

10%-50% OFF
A L L  Y O U R  F A V O R I T E  S H I R T S  &  A P P A R E L *

T R I T O N  O U T F I T T E R S

OPEN FROM 10AM-3PM
ON LIBRARY WALK

WEEK
MONDAY-FRIDAY | 11.28 -12.2



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

HOUSING
Mariner’s Cove Apartments - Mariner’s Cove 
Apartment homes in the Point Loma area offer 
spacious apartments and townhomes near the 
beach in San Diego, California. Our pet-friendly 
apartment homes feature a private patio or balco-
ny, extra storage, dishwasher, built-in microwave, 
and formal dining room. Many homes have court-
yard views and walk-in closets. Our community 
features two pools and spas, a tennis court, dog 
park and playground. Walk to the beach, several 
grocery stores and beachside bars and restaurants. 
We’re right off I-5 and I-8, and only minutes from 
downtown and San Diego International Airport. 
We are a gated community and carports are avail-
able. Call or visit our website to learn more and 
schedule your personal tour. Reply online to listing 
ID: 14615265

La Mirage - La Mirage apartments are located atop 
a secluded hill overlooking Mission Valley and is a 
unique, pet friendly community offering the best 
of recreation and urban lifestyle! Choose from a 
variety of apartments and two-story town homes 
featuring gourmet kitchens, spacious closets, 
washers/dryers and reserved parking. Relax in the 
luxurious pools or visit with friends at the cappuc-
cino and smoothie bar. Try a free yoga or aerobics 
class at our state-of-the-art fitness center or head 
to the jogging trail, lighted tennis courts or sand 
volleyball court. La Mirage apartments are con-
venient to all major freeways, upscale shopping, 
dining and night spots. La Mirage apartments 
have been voted San Diego’s best apartment com-
munity for eleven consecutive years! Reply online 
to listing ID: 14829557

ROOMMATE
1 bedroom/1 private full bath in 2nd story condo. 
Looking to find a roommate to share a 2nd floor 
condo in the La Jolla/UTC area. We are a couple 
( UCSD student + working professional) looking 
preferably for a female. For the rent you get 1 
bedroom and 1 full bath (no share). ample parking. 
Condo is 1 min from the i-5 and 5 minutes by car to 
UCSD. Reply online to listing ID: 15185792

$302.60- Male Roommate Winter/Spring Quarter. 
My boyfriend is a transfer student from the Bay 
Area. He has been admitted as a Theatre major at 
UCSD and is looking for a Male Roommate, prefer-
ably non-smoking, no excessive drinking, respon-
sible, respectful, and tidy. The reason for this is 
because his current roommate will be transferring 
to USC after fall quarter, leaving an empty space 
in his room for someone to rent. Location: La Jolla 
International Gardens (Corner of Lebon and Nobel, 
near Costa Verde/UTC) - close to UCSD and right 
next to La Scala/the MTS bus stop Reply online to 
listing ID: 15185140

Female SDSU roommate needed. You will have 
your own room, and you will share a full, spa-
cious bathroom with one other person. The apart-
ment also includes a full kitchen, living room and 
balcony that overlooks Viejas Arena and SDSU. 
The complex includes a jacuzzi, on-site laundry, 
a rec room with a pool table, two elevators and 
barbeques. The lease starts mid-December and 
runs until mid-June (no security deposit). The only 
requirement is you have to be an SDSU student 
according to the apartment manager. Reply online 
to listing ID: 15135651

$650- Sinngle room in Pacific Beach. My roommate 
found a job in the bay area so he is moving out 
soon. I am a 2011 UCSD grad. I am currently work-
ing at Scripps in La Jolla. The place is 2 bedroom 
1.5 bath and is close to central PB shops and less 
than a mile from the beach. It is really a great place 
to live. The rent is a steal especially for PB! Reply 
online to listing ID: 15081249

$378- Need girl roommate for double in Costa 
Verde. Roommate needed from Dec. till summer, 
you’ll be rooming with a girl so GIRLS ONLY! Shes 
my apt. mate and where putting posts out to fill 
one of our apt. mates spots. There are 5 ppl in the 
apt. 4 girls and 1 boy, each girl of the girls live in 
the rooms and the guy roommate lives in the loft 
upstairs and will be sharing with the bathroom. 
Hes very clean, he super hygienic like a girl so 
no problems ever sharing the bathroom. Were all 
really busy and in and out of the apt., when we 
are home were usually chilling or studying. Were 
hoping to get someone in new soon so if your 
highly interested plz let us know! Reply online to 
listing ID: 15135655

crossword

madeoorrddmadedmadeeert your vision,our mission.
The Associated Students Store

Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

the
guardianÊis
hiring!

WRITING | PHOTOGRAPHY | LAYOUT | DESIGN | ADVERTISING

P I C K  U P  A  C O P Y  O N  N E W S  S TA N D S  E V E R Y  M O N D AY  &  T H U R S D AY !

COPY READING ART | ILLUSTRATION | MARKETING | GRAPHICS

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT
ucsdguardian.org/jobs.

readÊbetweenÊtheÊlines.

i

QUESTIONS? EMAIL jobs@ucsdguardian.org?

ACROSS
1 Toad feature
5 Cravings
10 W.W. Jacobs short story “The Monkey’s __”
13 Etonic competitor
14 Hollandaise and barbecue
16 Genetic molecule: Abbr.
17 Music genre that evolved in the ‘50s
19 “__ complicated”
20 Evil smile
21 Pac-10 hoops powerhouse
22 Cambridge sch.
23 Letter before kappa
26 Tranquil
28 How the wheels on the bus go
32 Possess
33 Italian “a”
34 Tide creations
37 Formally relinquish
39 Time off, briefly, and this puzzle’s theme
42 Winter fall
43 Hägar the Horrible’s dog
45 Zippy start?
46 Well-armed org.
47 “Old” nickname for Zachary Taylor
52 Nonsense
54 The ten in “hang ten”
55 Batter’s stat
56 Power co. product
58 Freeze, as a plane’s wings
62 + molecule, e.g.
63 Complain hysterically
66 Work unit
67 Like the night in a classic Van Gogh work
68 All done
69 Knox and McHenry: Abbr.
70 “Do the Right Thing” actor Davis
71 Wimpy

DOWN
1 Serious conflicts
2 Cosmetic caller
3 Paddy grain
4 Adopt, as a puppy
5 “Top Gun” org.
6 “Groovy!”

7 Hindu religious instructor
8 Chevy Volt or Ford Fusion
9 Do business with
10 Temperamental diva, e.g.
11 Shenanigan
12 Trash
15 First-rate, in Rugby
18 Yankee with 613 career homers
24 Bull: Pref.
25 Oscar winner Paquin
27 Nephew of Cain
28 Big birds of lore
29 Wilson of “Marley & Me”
30 Subordinates
31 “Who’s the Boss?” star Tony
35 Manor master
36 Oscillate

38 Sock ending
40 Car scar
41 Overhaul, as a Web site
44 Workers with an ear for music?
48 Italian ice cream
49 “Laughing” critters
50 Longtime Nevada senator Harry
51 Money for taxes and insurance may be held 

in it
52 Lawyer’s filing
53 NASA “Stop!”
57 NBA’s Shaq and Yao, e.g.
59 A gutter is often under it
60 Eye part containing the iris
61 Exec’s extra
64 “Taking Heat” memoirist Fleischer
65 PBS science guy Bill



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  28,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  11

TimeÊforÊUCSDÊtoÊÊ
MakeÊtheÊMoveÊtoÊ
DivisionÊI
▶ DIVISON II, fromÊpageÊ12

UCSDÊWomenÊTakeÊSixthÊConsecutiveÊWin

pointer and Perry dishing to Freidenberg for a 
layup that put the Tritons in front in the next 
possession.

UCSD never relinquished the lead from there, 
as points in the paint from Freidenberg propelled 
the Tritons to a 17-point lead at the end of the half. 

UCSD vs. Fort Lewis

UCSD — ranked No. 8 nationally — faced 
No. 4 Fort Lewis in the last day of the tourna-
ment, shooting an outstanding 61.5 percent in 

the second half to upset Fort Lewis 80-65. 
Senior All-American Carlisle led all-scorers 

with a season high of 29 points. 
The guard, who was named the tournament 

MVP, also chipped in eight rebounds.
The lead changed hands six times in the 

opening half, as the game was tight between 
the two nationally ranked squads. UCSD barely 

finished the half on top of Fort Lewis, shooting 
a paltry 32.3 percent.

“We didn’t shoot the ball particularly well 
early on, but we kept fighting and we really 
found our stride in the second half,” head 
coach Charity Elliot said to athletics depart-
ment officials. “I thought [Chelsea Carlisle] was 
outstanding tonight and she was really the spark 
for us.” 

UCSD extended the lead in the second half 
as the Triton sharpshooters — Carlisle, Feder 
and junior guard Emily Osga caught fire — col-
lectively recording 36 of UCSD’s 46 points in the 
second period.

For their performance throughout the 
tournament, three Tritons were named to the 
All-Tournament team: Freidenberg, Osga and 
Carlisle — who was also named the tournament 
MVP.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.
edu.

that can draw top-class athletes.
But unlike other institutions, UCSD may 

find opposition from an athletically indiffer-
ent student body and/or incoming chancellor. 

After all, UCSD first chose Division III 
because it felt that 
the focus should 
be on the partici-
pant.

But if we’re 
not going to 
move up, is there 
a point in stay-
ing where we are? 
UCSD doesn’t 
generate revenue 
from the meager 
crowds we pool 
for a women’s 
soccer game 
against Cal State 
San Bernardino. 

And frankly, 
our audience won’t expand beyond soccer 
moms and the pep band unless we’re playing 
against big-name Division I competition. 

The thing is, the people who would come 
to pay and watch don’t distinguish between 
Division II Cal State San Bernardino and 
Division III Occidental, so why spend the 
extra money to compete in Division II?

The Division I back-and-forth between 
the athletics department and the A.S. Council 
will continue into this school year, but the 
bottom line is that sooner or later a decision 
needs to be made. 

I’m of the “like a bandage” approach. 
Despite being stood up by the Big West last 
year, all indicators point to a move to Division 
I. 

Somebody’s going to have to pay the $130 
fee, and if not us, then the next batch of 
undergraduates. We might as well get it over 
with now.NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

▶ WOMENS BASKETBALL, fromÊpageÊ12

“I’m of the ‘like a 
bandage’ approach 
… Somebody’s 
going to have to 
pay the $130 fee, 
and if not us, then 
the next batch of 
undergraduates. We 
might as well get it 
over with now.”



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  28,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

BY RACHEL UDA * Sports Editor

TritonsÊ goÊ6-0ÊwithÊ twoÊ
winsÊatÊtheÊannualÊUCSDÊ
ThanksgivingÊClassic,Ê
behindÊbigÊgamesÊ
fromÊseniorÊguardÊ
ChelseaÊCarlisle.Ê

BASKETBALL

UCSD vs. Cal State San Marcos

The Tritons opened up their 
annual Thanksgiving tournament 
with a resounding 85-55 win over 
Cal State San Marcos on Friday, 
Nov. 25.

Triton veterans Lauren 
Freidenberg and Chelsea Carlisle led 
UCSD to its fifth straight win of the 
season. Senior forward Freidenberg 
scored 14 points for the Tritons, 
while also picking up eight rebounds 
for them. Senior guard Carlisle fin-
ished with 10 points and eight assists. 
However, UCSD’s reserves also had a 
big hand in the win. Sophomore 
guard Megan Perry scored nine 

points coming off the bench, and 
freshman guard Natalie Luzar —one 
of six newcomers on the Triton ros-
ter — contributed eight points in her 
seven minutes on the court.

The Tritons trailed at the begin-
ning of the first half, as San Marcos’ 
Gabriell Munsch came out hot, scor-
ing eight of the Cougars’ first 12 
points. 

Down 8-12 at the 13-minute 
mark, the Tritons brought on sopho-
more guards Nicole Anderson-Jew 
and Perry. The two produced imme-
diately, with Anderson-Jew record-
ing an assist for a Carlisle three-

See WOMENS BASKETBALL,Êpage 11

Tritons Win Annual Thanksgiving Classic

MenÕsÊWaterÊPoloÊPreparesÊforÊNationals
BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

The men’s water polo team is set 
to advance to the NCAA National 
Tournament for the first time in 
five years.

The Tritons qualified with the 
automatic bid after they won the 
Western Water Polo Association 
conference tournament with three 
consecutive wins over Claremont, 
Santa Clara and No. 11 UC Davis 
last weekend, Nov. 19. 

No. 10 UCSD will be joined 
in the four-team tournament 
by UCLA, who qualified for the 
national tournament after upset-
ting USC 10-9. 

The winners of the Mountain 
Pacific Sports Federation, as well 
as  the winner of the Collegiate 
Water Polo Association as well 
as the highest nationally ranked 
squad will also receive a bid in the 
national tournament.       

The semifinal round is sched-
uled for Dec. 4 at the UC Berkeley 
campus. 

The Tritons have yet to capture 
a national title, but will be mak-
ing their 11th national tournament 
appearance. 

The bracket is yet to be released, 
but UCSD will most likely face off 
against No. 2 UC Berkeley in their 
opening match. 

The Tritons have only seen the 
UC Berkeley once this season, 
dropping the match to the Bears 
8-18 on Oct. 9.

However, the loss came during a 
rough patch for the Tritons, during 
a stretch in which UCSD lost four 
consecutive games. 

UCSD has since rebounded, 
winning six of its past eight games. 

The Tritons will enter the tour-
nament riding a wave of momen-
tum after winning the WWPA con-
ference tournament. 

The Tritons will look to All-
Conference Tournament MVP, 
UCSD’s senior goalkeeper David 
Morton. 

Morton is currently the UCSD’s 
record holder for career saves, 
and is sure to be instrumental in 
UCSD’s tournament run.

UCSD will also depend on the 
offensive strength of senior driver 
Graham Saber and juniors John 
Butler and Brian Donohoe.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu.

UCSD began competition in collegiate athletics as a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics 
— NCAA’s envious younger brother or inad-
equate cousin. 
   That was back in 1972, when we were competing 
against schools like Point Loma and Occidental in 
the Southern California Intercollegiate Athletic 
Conference. At the time, UCSD was already an 
anomaly. For one, we were a public university. 
Secondly, we dwarfed the other schools in terms 

of enrollment, and we were only going to get 
bigger. 

After a few years of competition, it became 
apparent that UCSD did not belong in the confer-
ence — we were demolishing other schools.

And so, we made the jump to the NCAA, 
where we competed in Division III as an inde-
pendent. This worked out for a couple years. 
UCSD was able to book games against most of the 
former SCIAC schools, but as the school grew (in 
population and prominence) our teams got bet-
ter, way better, than the schools we were booking 
games against. 

Soon enough we weren’t able to schedule 
games against these teams who were looking to 
bolster their own records, making competition as 
an independent next to impossible.

The diaspora continued, and in 2001, UCSD 
made the move to Division II as part of the 
California Collegiate Athletics Association.

Ten years later, UCSD remains in the CCAA, 
but has since outgrown the conference — having 
been consistently named one of the most success-
ful CCAA schools and Division II members for 
the past five years.

But do we still belong in Division II? UCSD 
has over 12,000 more students in its undergradu-
ate population than the CCAA average, and the 
highest scores in both the math and verbal com-
ponents of the SAT. 

But two things plainly set UCSD apart from 
CCAA competition. 

1. Every other conference member is a 
California State institution. 

2. UCSD is the only Division II school to not 
offer academic scholarships — and still we out-
perform our conference members. 

Citing the compulsory Division I report com-
piled by the sports department last year before we 
were jilted by the Big West, the aims of the respec-
tive divisions are as follows: 

Division III: Without dispersing athletic 
scholarships, the focus is on the participant rather 
than on entertainment. 

Division I: The focus is on the intrinsic value 
of entertainment, and athletic scholarships are to 
be used as a means to accomplish this.

In short, there’s a clear difference between the 
aims of Division I and Division III, but even our 
sports department seems a little unclear of the 
focus of Division II. 

Should it concentrate on the athletes, enter-
tainment or money? If the focus is on entertain-
ment, why cap the amount of athletic scholarship 
money given out? If the focus is on participation, 
why give scholarship money at all?

The ambiguity has plagued Division II. For 
some, Division II is a stepping stone toward the 
top tier, while others see it as a place for schools 
without the means or ambition to push up to 
Division I.

UCSD’s problem is that — as it had 10 years 
ago — the school is finding itself too big a fish in 
too small a pond. 

A natural progression calls for UCSD’s even-
tual move to Division I. We have the facilities, 
or at least the means to build them. And with a 
prime oceanside location, we’re certainly a school 

OurÊD-IIÊ
Limbo:ÊTimeÊ
forÊUCSDÊtoÊÊ
Decide

Queen of

ruda@ucsd.edu

Kings
RACHEL UDA

BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN FILE

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

UCSD All-Tournament
Selections

Junior guard Emily 
Osga

Senior forward Lauren 
Freidenberg

Tournament MVP
Senior guard Chelsea 

Carlisle

See DIVISION II,Êpage 11


	112811News
	112811Opinion
	112811Leisure
	112811_CALENDAR_Pg9
	112811_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg10
	112811SportsREAL

