
SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT INSIDENIGHT WATCH

THURSDAY
Height:  4-7 ft.
Wind: 3-9 mph

Water Temp: 61 F

FRIDAY
Height:  7-12 ft.
Wind: 9-13 mph

Water Temp: 61 F

SATURDAY
Height: 7-11 ft.
Wind: 3-7 mph 

Water Temp: 61 F

SUNDAY
Height:  6 ft.
Wind: 6  mph 

Water Temp: 61 F

LOw

$3.89
Optima, Chula Vista
498 Broadway & H St.
HIGH

$4.69
76, Point Loma
1704 Rosecrans St. & Nimitz Blvd.

THURSDAY FRIDAY
THURSDAY

H 60 L 49
FRIDAY

H 56 L 46 THURSDAY FRIDAY

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHFORECASTWEB POLL
DiD you vote in the 
a.s. election?

√  Yes
√  No

SUNRISE

SUNSET

6:29 A.M.

7:14 P.M.SATURDAYH 59 L 49 SUNDAYH 64 L 51 SUNDAYSATURDAYWWW.ucsDGuaRDian.oRG

Comics ..................................2
New Business ........................3
Letters to the Editor ...............5
Druthers .................................8
Classifieds ...........................10
Sudoku ................................10
Sports ..................................12

A.S. PreS. SPeArheAdS BAn on WAter BottleS
By Anqi Chen
Staff Writer

A.S. President Wafa Ben Hassine is working 
with Housing, Dining and Hospitality and 
University Centers to ban the sale of all plastic 
water bottles on campus by the end of Spring 
Quarter. Ben Hassine first introduced her project 
— to ban the bottles at dining halls, marketplaces 
and vendors in Price Center — at last week’s 
March 30 council meeting.

The initiative was part of Ben Hassine’s 
platform when she ran as a presidential candidate 
last year. She said she got the idea after she noticed 
how many students use plastic water bottles, 

despite the presence of hydrations stations that 
provide alternative ways of providing clean water.

“I noticed that students were using a lot of 
plastic water bottles, which creates a lot of wastes 
on the local and global level,” Ben Hassine said. 

Ben Hassine sent out a petition to the student 
body to raise awareness about the initiative. She 
hopes the petition — along with three-week-
long educational campaign co-sponsored with 
the Student Sustainability Center — will help 
students understand environmental impacts of 
using plastic water bottles.  

“The three-week campaign will educate 
students about the perils of using plastic water 
bottles,” Ben Hassine said. “It will educate 

students on why the policy is being put into place 
and it will include a film screening, giveaways, 
informational booths and presentations.”

Ben Hassine also wants to work with 
University Centers and HDH to install more 
hydration stations and water fountains, providing 
locations to fill up reusable water bottles. She also 
wants to ban Styrofoam from vendors in Price 
Center, make sure there are compostable packing 
options and encourage on-campus coffee shops 
to provide mugs for students who don’t need their 
drink to go. 

The initiative has garnered the support of 

See WateR, page 3

By Regina Ip and Alison Gilchrist
Senior Staff Writers

With two days of voting left, both 
proponents and supporters of the University 
Centers fee filed grievances alleging 
campaign mismanagement. Graduate Student 
Association political science representative 
Jeffrey Kwong, of the anti-UCEN group, filed 
a grievance on April  6 because he found out 
about available campaign funding after the 
pro-UCEN group.

Kwong spearheaded a campaign  against 
the recently proposed University Centers Fee 
and CPI Referendum  — which, if passed, 
charges students $5 per quarter to support 
maintenance and operation of the Price Center, 
the Old Student Center and the Che Café.

In the grievance, Kwong states that the late 
notice about the $400 of funding available   
— which comes from vendors’ rent and is 
allocated by University Centers director Paul 
Terzino — for the pro and con campaign does 
not provide both sides the same amount of 
time to spend the money. 

Kwong called for the elections board to 
order members of the pro campaign to stop 
campaigning.

“They’re just telling us, with two days left 
in the election, and it’s just not fair,” Kwong 
said. “We’ve been unable to use the money for 
a longer period of time.”

University Centers Advisory Board Chair 
Nicole Metildi, from the pro campaign, said 
she knew Terzino would be providing funds 
since the week prior  and found out that the 
funds were accessible by April 4, but did not 
use the funds until April 6 to post $150 worth 
of flyers.

Metildi said a grievance was filed on April 
4, against members of the con campaign 
because they were inserting flyers underneath 
the dorm doors.

“That’s considered dorm-storming because 
you don’t know anyone inside the dorms,” 
Metildi said.

Metildi said the elections board responded 
on April 6, when the con campaign  was told 
to take down its website and was not allowed 
to campaign in the dorms.

The elections board is required to respond 
to a grievance within 24 hours, after which 
a decision will be made and a hearing 
determined.

Kwong said he has campaigned against the 
fee since March 27 because he feels it supports 
mismanagement and poor spending policy. 

The campaign’s purpose is to raise 
awareness about the vote, and increase the 
percentage of students who would vote down 
the fee hike.

“Price Center is an important resource, 
but the issue is that in the last four years we 
have nearly doubled the fee,” Kwong said. “In 
the same four years, the administration hasn’t 
been able to effectively utilize our resources. 
We think there is significant mismanagement 
in the activity center resources.”

The  team of students opposing the 
UCEN referendum maintains that this 
mismanagement includes poor maintenance 
of the space available in the Price Center, such 
as the spaces where Chase and Kaplan now 
reside. 

two Sides Clash 
over Proposed 
Student Fee

THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XLIV

CANDIDATES DEBATE FEES, DIV-I SPORTS

Five candidates running for the position of A.S. President attended a debate held April 4 in Price Center Plaza.
All candidates were present, including 

current Muir College Senator Ryan O’Rear of 
Tritons First, Jasmine Phillips of the Students 
First slate, Warren College President Alyssa 
Wing of Board the Wing, Sixth College 
Senator Parminder Sandhu of We Are 
Tritons and John Tran from Flush the John. 
A.S. Elections representative Arohi Sharma 
moderated the debate.

“Everyone was professional,” Sharma said. 
“There was a lot of creativity there.”

In his introduction, O’Rear stressed his 
experience — as Muir College Council senator 
for two years, as well being the current Senate 
chair   — and said he would aggressively 
exercise his right to vote. He added that he 

would put more students on committees, 
lobby for more ‘S’ parking spots and against 
the regents and the governor.

Phillips emphasized prioritizing the 
accessibility and affordability of campus 
organizations, as well as creating outreach 
to the local and global community. She said 
she would increase council visibility through 
a new website and reach out to grassroots 
organizations on campus.

“I will look at programming that retains 
our students,” Phillips said. “I will look at 
how we can create and support measures for 
students making change.” 

Wing focused on internal reform and said 
she would create a committee that will work 
throughout the year to make council visible, 
and not through just a one-week event. She 
would also like to streamline information 

through all the online facets, such as creating 
live Twitter feeds during council meetings and 
communicating through a council YouTube 
page.

Sandhu said his experience with talking 
to administrators  shows he knows how to 
be effective. He added that he has worked to 
promote student retention and helped raise 
student scholarships as part of his student life 
activities.   

“I will represent all the students; I’ll 
represent engineers, history majors — a 
microcosm of UCSD,” Sandhu said. 

Tran’s goals were to bring the TV show 
“Glee” and the band Muse to the Sun God 
Festival, as well as more puppies to the 
campus. 

by rebecca horwitz • SeNior Staff writer
photos by andrew oh

2011 A.S ELECTIONS

See Debates, page 3

Hey, Mr. Dj — put a recorD on. PAgE 7

See ucen, page 3



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011 NEWS

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. SAAAAAAAAC.

Production: 858-534-5226

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: 858-822-3793, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-6583, focus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: 858-822-3793, photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: 858-534-6582, design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: 858-822-3793, art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7691

business Manager
Emily Ku 

business assistant
Tiffany Han

Marketing Directors
Brandon Katzer, Annie Wang

advertising Design and layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Distributors
Scott Havrisik, Amanda Ku

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

Page layout
Melody Chern, Praneet Kolluru, Connie Lu                     

Arielle Sallai, Vivian Zhang

Angela Chen

Trevor Cox

Regina Ip

Nisha Kurani
Laira Martin

Cheryl Hori
Margaret Yau

Liam Rose

Tyler Nelson

Neda Salamat

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Amy Guzdar
Naomi Sweo

John Hanacek

Andrew Oh

Melody Chern

Rebekah Hwang

editor in chief

Managing editor

news editor

associate news editors

opinion editors

sports editor

associate sports editor

Focus/leisure editor

hiatus editor

associate hiatus editor

copy editors

Photo editor

associate Photo editor

Design editor

art editor

copy Readers
Monica Haider, Amanda Ku, Emily Pham,                  

Melissa Stanley

Seeks fun, caring summer sta� that reside in or 
near the San Fernando & Conejo Valleys 

Counselors, Lifeguards & Instructors for horses, arts & crafts, 
gym, nature, petting farm, rock climbing, and more! 

 Earn $3275-$3500+ for the summer 
888-784-CAMP 

 www.workatcamp.com

 Summer Day Camp

we have limited
spaces
available!

Attention
Transfer
Students!

Need on-campus housing
for Spring Quarter?

Call 858-534-9380 or
email thevillage@ucsd.edu

hdh.ucsd.edu/thevillage/

F E ST I VA L  2 0 1 1

TICKETS GO ON SALE
MONDAY, APRIL 11TH
Tickets available for student-guest, grad students, staff, and faculty at 
the UC San Diego Box Office. Alumni tickets can be purchased off the 
alumni website - http://alumni.ucsd.edu/sungod

THURSDAY, APRIL 7TH AT PORTER’S PUB

BATTLE OF THE BANDS

FOR MORE INFORMATION, HEAD OVER TO OUR WEBSITE AT

FRIDAY, APRIL 8TH AT PORTER’S PUB

DJ DANCE BATTLE

sungodfestival.ucsd.edu

researchers Calculate 10 Sextillion Processed Bytes Per Year
SCIENCE anD TECHNOLOGY

By Nisha Kurani
Associate News Editor

Researchers at UCSD have calculat-
ed the amount of books that data from 
27 million business servers would fill: 
a 5.6 billion mile-high stack, repeated 
times 20. This is the amount of data 
processed by these servers per year.

According to the re-
port, 9.57 zettabytes (or, 
9,750,000,000,000,000,000,000) of 
information was processed in 2008, 
a number that researchers estimate 

doubles every two years. With that 
estimate, by 2024, the world’s servers 
will process information equivalent to 
books stacking more than 4.37 light-
years from Earth to Alpha, Centauri 
the next star system in the Milky Way 
Galaxy.

International relations professor 
Roger Bohn said the amount of infor-
mation processed is exponentially in-
creasing. Bohn and other researchers 
— international relations professors 
James E. Short and San Diego Super-
computer Center scientist Chaitanya 
K. Baru — computed the workload 
by looking at server standards, server-
industry reports, in addition to trans-
actions, figures from information tech-
nology experts and computations that 
calculated the data.

The workload of the server is calcu-
lated based all information processed, 
though access to certain types of sites 
— such as YouTube — during work 
hours may not be necessary to busi-
ness, according to Bohn.

“The type of information we are 
looking at now is by businesses for 

business purposes so in that sense, 
most of it is necessary” Bohn said. “It 
serves some business or scientific or 
governmental purpose- it’s work, not 
entertainment. Of course, some of the 
work that is being done is serving up 
web pages from things like YouTube 
for people’s entertainment.”

The workload of servers also varies 
depending on the type of server. Short 
said the amount of data processed by 
entry-level servers greatly outweighs 
that by high-end, more expensive serv-
ers.

“We looked at it according to work-
load and according to size of serves 
— interestingly most of the work is 
done by small servers, which are basi-
cally entry-level machines,” Short said. 
“They are doing a fraction around 2/3 
of total. [High end servers] are down 
below 10 percent.”           

According to the report, about 3.18 
billion workers receive three terabytes 
of information per year, on average.

This figure is constantly increas-
ing. Bohn said, with decreasing costs 
of computing and reduced cost of high 

technology, more work will occur.  
“As cost of computing comes down 

the amount of work goes up very, very 
rapidly,” Bohn said. “We measured 
growth rates and they are on the or-
der of 30 percent — and as high as 50 
percent —compound growth rate per 
year.”

Readers can contact Nisha Kurani at 
nkurani@ucsd.edu.

As Per UsUAl By Dami Lee

right on time By Isabella Verendia

Jasmin WU/Guardian

CORReCTIONS
An April 4 article titled “Wiz 
Khalifa to Headline Sun God” 
incorrectly stated that secu-
rity costs $40,000 when it costs 
$50,000. Also, talent costs 
$190,000, not $120,000 in 2010.

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the 
editors. Corrections can be sent to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org.



NEWS THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

Last night’s meeting lasted about two hours: no council record, though the bulk of the time was 
spent on two New Business items.

A controversial debate stemmed 
from President 
Wafa Ben 
Hassine’s request 
for $670 from the 
General Initiative 
Fund for a Power 
Shift sustainability 
conference in 
Washington, D.C. 
Ben Hassine was invited to be a 
facilitator and to give a workshop. 
Many councilmembers were 
concerned about the funding, as 
many senators still have projects to 
fund. 

The proposed amount was 
amended to $610. Ben Hassine, 
along with AVP of Diversity 
Affairs Alyssa Peace and Arts and 
Humanities Senator Shunya Wade, 
stressed that these senators had 
not yet submitted budgets for their 
events and Ben Hassine should not 
be denied money to represent our 
campus in D.C. on the basis that 
future projects also require money. 
Ben Hassine also said her office’s 
budget this year was only $1,000. 

Transfer Senator Samer Naji 
was also supportive of sending Ben 
Hassine to D.C., and he said he 
would scrap his senator project for 
her. Campuswide Senator Michael 
Raimondi argued in support of 
funding Ben Hassine because UCSD 
is one of two schools in the nation 
with a Fair Trade policy, and it 
would be disgraceful not to send her. 
Apparently, everyone else agreed: the 
request passed nearly unanimously.  

At least an hour was spent on 
the next topic, which was a student 
request for $12,937 from the Student 
Initiative Fund to fund a UC Haiti 

Initiative concert. UC Haiti Initiative 
student member Brad Segal said 
the concert is part of a UC benefit 
tour to bring awareness to Haiti 
rehabilitation. Sierra Leone Refugee 

All Stars and 
Below would 
perform. 

The Student 
Initiative Fund 
currently holds 
$15,000. Many 
were hesitant to 
give 80 percent 

of the total funds to the initiative. 
Multiple councilmembers, including 
Campuswide Senator Elizabeth 
Elman, said that the initiative 
fund hasn’t been promoted well — 
meaning that some students who 
would otherwise have accessed the 
fund haven’t made the effort. Several 
have also been turned away, as 
there’s no form to request funds. 

Another concern was that 
only four other UC schools are 
participating in the benefit tour: 
UCLA, UCSC, UCSB and UCSF. 
Only UCSB has so far moved to 
fund the event.

An amendment cut the cost in 
half, but council ultimately voted 
against funding the concert. Many 
members felt that Segal did not 
go through the proper channels to 
obtain funding. 

Segal also stated that if only half 
the budget he requested was given, 
he would just donate the funds 
instead of finding those from other 
sources to plan the concert.

The meeting dragged on through 
open forum, during which various 
members repeated themselves, 
such as AVP of College Affairs 
Leonard Bobbitt, who continually 
reminded everyone that it’s elections 
week. Don’t worry, Bobbitt: you’re 
preaching to the choir. 

Council denies $13K Funding 
to UC haiti Benefit Concert

new
Rebecca HoRwitz
rahorwit@ucsd.edu

Business

UCSD administrators. 
“I’ve had positive feedbacks from 

the chancellor and from [HDH 
Director] Mark Cunningham,” 
Ben Hassine said.  “But Mark has 
mentioned that, although he supports 
the idea, there is the monetary problem 
of how much in sales HDH will lose if 
water bottles are banned.”

Ben Hassine will meet with HDH 
in the coming weeks to discuss HDH’s 
affordability in supporting the ban. 

Readers can contact Anqi Chen at 
anc028@ucsd.edu.

“They let empty spaces stay 
empty for the three years,” Kwong 
said. “It’s great that they have new 
vendors now, but in October 2010, 
when Chase and Kaplan opened, 
they told us that with these new 
vendors the student fees wouldn’t 
increase. Within a few months, here 
we are again.”

Metildi argues that nobody 
claimed the fee would never increase.

“Vendors do help us keep the fee 
low in comparison to other UCs,” 
Metildi said. “But neither I, nor 
anyone else to my knowledge, ever 
stated there would never be another 
fee increase.”

Kwong also claims that space has 

been allotted to vendors that do not 
make money for the University. 

“There are vendors in the student 
center, such as the food co-op, that 
unfortunately aren’t making any 
money,” he said. “We support student 
businesses, but it seems unfair that 
we have ask the students to subsidize 
those businesses.”

Metildi argues that the co-op is 
more of a resource than a money-
making part of the campus.

“I do agree they aren’t a money-
making enterprise, they are more of a 
student service,” Metildi said. “We’re 
still trying to work with the co-ops.”

Readers can contact the authors at 
news@ucsdguardian.org.

Sharma asked what the candidates’ 
short- and long-term goals for student 
life were. O’Rear, Wing, Sandhu and 
Tran supports a move to Division-I 
athletics; Wing, Sandhu and Tran also 
promoted more Bear Gardens.

Phillips emphasized a need for 
more outreach to and promotion of 
student organizations and individual 
colleges, as well as advocating spaces 
where students can vocalize thoughts.

Tran said that if Muse was too 
expensive for the Sun God festival, he 
would eliminate all stipends and put 
the money into the festival funding. 

The candidates also discussed the 
budget. O’Rear advocated responsible 
funding, using the Winter Triton 
Festival as an example of irresponsible 
spending, since $30,000 was taken 
out of reserves for an event originally 
scheduled the same day as Spirit Night. 

Phillips and Wing both talked 
about analyzing the budget and 

ensuring that its funding falls in 
line with student priorities. Phillips 
emphasized spending more money on 
student centers like OASIS while Wing 
wanted to ensure that the student 
priorities are being followed, such as 
more free beer and support for all 
student organizations. Sandhu said he 
worked with fixing this year’s budget 
and that he would make sure next 
year’s would add up correctly. 

“I’ll focus on a budget that will 
please the most amount of people 
possible,” Tran said.

 On student involvement, Sandhu 
promised to go to various student org 
meetings to hear their input.

A Eleanor Roosevelt College senior 
then asked candidates if they planned 
to reduce their own stipends next year. 

O’Rear dealt with the question by 
using the example of senator stipends, 
which were instituted by the current 
senators at the beginning of their term. 

He said that when he ran for a 

senate position, there was no stipend 
and he had not intended to be paid. 

Wing said it was a delicate question 
that the entire council would have to 
discuss. 

Tran repeated that he would 
eliminate all stipends.

“No work is worth $10,000,” Tran 
said of the president’s salary. 

Phillips and Sandhu both said that 
it was a point of privilege. Phillips said 
she should be paid not because she 
doesn’t care about the students but 
because, as president, she would be 
working about 30-40 hours a week.

“This is a full-time job,” Phillips 
said. “I work in order to survive, that 
has to be acknowledged.”

Voting began on Monday, April 
4 and will end Friday at 4 p.m. on 
TritonLink. Results will be announced 
at 5:30 p.m. at Round Table Pizza.

 
Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz at 
rahorwit@ucsd.edu.

▶ ucen, from page 1

A.S. President 
Wants to Ban 
Styrofoam in PC

A.S. Presidential Candidates Disagree Over Stipend Usage
▶ Debates, from page 1

▶ WateR, from page 1

Students Disagree Over Fee Funding 
Maintenance of  University Centers



OpiniOn
ContaCt the editor: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

Props to President Obama for creating the National Clean Fleets 
Partnership, which will require corporations to cut their trucks’ 
gasoline consumption.

Flops to Southwest Airlines for allowing Flight 812 to depart from 
Phoenix, Ariz. on April 1. A part of the plane’s fuselage ruptured at 

34,500 feet, forcing the pilot to make an emergency landing.

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/oPINIoNTHURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011

46% 
 No.

42%  

12%

I don’t
know.

Yes.

WEB
POLL

Are you 
pleAsed 
with the 
sun God 
lineup?

Out of 154 votes.

When it comes to the best day of the year: you know what it is. 
On Monday, the A.S. Concerts 

and Events office released the major-
ity of the lineup for this year’s Sun 
God Festival. And while the office 
certainly can’t be expected to please 
23,000 undergrads (and more than 
a handful of youth-clinging alumni) 
in one fell swoop, the list does neatly 
fill standard lineup niches.

There’s the hotshot rapper with 
the current top-40 hit (Wiz Khalifa); 
the indie darlings du jour (Best 
Coast); the borderline-mainstream 
electronic act for the glowstick and 
MDMA crowd (Crystal Castles); 
and, to meet everybody else’s nostal-
gia quota, the angsty mid-nineties 
rockers (Jimmy Eat World). (Look 
for this year’s B.o.B’s stand-in — as 
well as the rest of the acts for the 
dance tent — in coming weeks). 

We won’t know until May 13 
whether headliner Wiz Khalifa lives 
up to the chart-topping hype or fol-
lows Drake’s regrettable footsteps, 
but we’re hopeful overall: Unlike past 
Concerts and Events choices (Thrice 
or Relient K, anyone?), this year’s 
selections mostly represent a group 
of relevant, talked-about musicians 
with definite crowd-pleasing poten-
tial.

There are a few noteworthy 
changes in store for everyone’s favor-
ite day of the year. In an effort at 
cutting costs (the estimated budget 
for this year’s festival is down about 
$160,000 from last year’s $690,000), 
the Concerts and Events office has 
pushed the festival’s start time back 
from 12 p.m. to 2 p.m. 

The move may suggest less of a 
good thing, but we support AVP of 

Concerts and Events Brian Wong’s 
decision to scale back: Last year’s fes-
tival was the model of excess — the 
bizarre, shining emblem of which 
was a giant, inflatable Sun God grac-
ing RIMAC Field (a move suppos-
edly intended to bring the festival 
back to its Muir College roots) that 
came at the ludicrous cost of several 
thousand in student fees. 

The festival may never return 
to its “uncaged” stage — to hear 
alumni tell it, before 2008 the festival 
was a campuswide depravity. But 
after countless student government 
platforms promising to “uncage” 
Sun God and still no return to far-
reaching entertainment, this new-
est incarnation may be the best we 
could have hoped for.

While the day of the festival 
might maintain a breezy, reckless 
sense of freeness, it’s still entirely 
funded by student fees— meaning 
that last year’s ballooned budget stole 
from other A.S. Council priorities 
(namely, funding for student orgs 

Sun God 
Done Right

A series of thoughtful reforms might just make 
this the best festival in years. 

EDiTORiAL

Angela Chen
Editor in ChiEf

Trevor Cox
Managing Editor

Regina Ip
nEws Editor

Cheryl Hori
Margaret Yau

opinion Editors

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at 
the University of California at San Diego. Contents 

© 2011. Views expressed herein represent the 
majority vote of the editorial board and are not 

necessarily those of the UC Board of Regents, the 
ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

Yuiko Sugino/Guardian

  Letter from the Editor
Dear readers, Last week, the Guardian published 
its annual April Fools’ DisreGuardian issue on 
March 31. The issue included, amongst articles 
about Lady Gaga and Rebecca Black, racially 
charged material, including vintage ads that 
insensitively depicted the historical oppression 
of African-Americans and American Indians, as 
well as 20th-century misogyny. 

Every effort is made to ensure that the 
DisreGuardian content is as distinct as possible 
from that of our regular issue. The Guardian 
strives to provide ethical, unbiased journalism 
and also to be sensitive to issues of diversity and 
student rights. We want to represent as many 
viewpoints as we can,  and avoid alienating any 
communities, though that was the consequence 
of the offensive content in this, and prior, April 
Fools’ issues.  

The DisreGuardian does not, and has never, 
represented the views of the Guardian editors, 
editorial board or staff. Instead, it is meant to  be 

a satirical publication poking fun at the topics 
the Guardian regularly covers, as well as the staff 
itself. 

But regardless of the issue’s intentions, we 
acknowledge that much of the material presented 
in the DisreGuardian was in extremely poor taste. 
After reaching out to those who were hurt, we 
are reexamining our  internal practices — both in 
editorial and advertisement content — to see how 
we can better serve all communities and rebuild 
any trust that we violated. 

We apologize for the insensitive material pub-
lished last week and will continue our efforts to 
address the judgement error that led to this prob-
lem. We welcome any input and can be reached 
via email at editor@ucsdguardian.org. 

    

    Sincerely,

Guardian Staff

Dear Editor,
In response to an open letter by 

the Scholars for Peace and Justice 
and members of the UCSD faculty 
to UCSD students, published in the 
UCSD Guardian newspaper on April 
4, regarding misleading, hurtful and 
accusatory allegations leveled against 
wrongfully presumed Muslim and/
or Arab campus organizations, the 
Arab Student Union (ASU) would 
like to express our deepest distress 
over this advertisement. UCSD has 
a responsibility to protect students 
from targeted harassment and abuse 
by faculty. This applies whether such 
abuse is based on faculties’ political 
beliefs or, more seriously, racial and 
religious discrimination. When such 
abuse occurs in public settings, they 
are exercising a subtle influence over 
the student body’s attitude toward 
Arab and Muslim students. What is to 
be gained by this letter other than the 
alienation of certain students on the 
basis of their assumed politics, race 
and religion?

The targeting of specific student 
organizations and their student lead-
ership violates the University Faculty 
Code of Conduct. It is contrary to the 
Codes’ prohibition of discrimination 
and harassment against students on 
“political grounds, or for reasons of 
race, colour, religion… or for other 
arbitrary or personal reasons.” (Article 
A2, p. 5) Strong language, directed 
toward student leaders and organiza-
tions is tantamount to large-scale “[u]
se of the position or powers of a fac-
ulty member to coerce the judgement 
or conscience of a student or to cause 
harm to a student for arbitrary or per-
sonal reasons.” (Article A4, p. 6)

By definition, we are a social, apo-
litical and secular organization. ASU 
expresses discontent over this stereo-
typical categorization, especially in 
the greater U.S. socio-political climate, 
which is increasingly anti-Muslim and 
anti-Arab. The non-factual represen-
tation of our organization is highly 
offensive, especially in the glaring and 
obvious disparity in power. While 
these faculty members are welcome 
to exercise their freedom of speech 
and share their views in their per-
sonal lives, to do so in such a pointed, 
threatening way against specific stu-
dents is tantamount to institutional 
intimidation and should be treated 
as such. ASU condemns political 
polemics that reinforce stereotypes 
and ostracize students, as funded by a 
$3000 grant.

ASU takes no political stance on 
campus, but sponsors neutral educa-
tional events concerning the revolts 
in the Middle East, those past and 
in process. ASU supports tolerance 
by means of education, through our 
endorsement of Islam Awareness 
Week. This aligns with Scholars for 
Peace’s excerpted mission statement 
“Our mission is... to develop effective 
responses to ideological distortions, 
including anti-Semitic, anti-Zionist, 
and anti-Muslim slanders.”

We, the undersigned, thus call on 
the responsible members of the UCSD 
faculty to issue an apology for their 
harmful rhetoric, and for the univer-
sity to see that faculty are not allowed 
to target student organizations and 
individuals on assumed religious or 
racial grounds again. We extend an 
invitation to all interested individuals, 
including said professors, to our meet-
ings to clarify misconceptions.

 — Arab Student Union

Dear Editor,
Recent protests in the nations 

of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and others, 
have garnered considerable interest 
on campus and in the news media for 
the past several months. Protesters in 
these countries faced death for their 
actions, and the successful deposition 
of Hosni Mobarak (of Egypt) and 
Zine El Abidine Ben-Ali (of Tunisia) 
are the hard-fought results of brave 
demands for inalienable human 
rights, including the right to political 
self-determination. By throwing off 
the shackles of oppression, they have 
proved to naysayers that Arabs and 
Muslims, too, strive for self-determi-
nation, democracy, and justice. The 
human rights abuses that are glaringly 
obvious in the Middle East are no 
exception. All human rights abuses 
warrant our attention. 
     Things get contentious when we 
ask, as American university students, 
whether there are any countries in 
the Middle East that particularly 
deserve our attention as taxpayers. 
The Guardian issue dated April 4, 
2011 featured a paid advertisement 
with a list of Arab countries that they 
accused of human rights abuses. Here 
is that list again, with the foreign aid 
that our own government pays them 
as well as Israel added for comparison: 
-Israel: $3 billion dollars per year 
-Egypt: $1.3 billion dollars per year 
-Libya, Tunisia, Iran, Yemen, and 
Bahrain combined: less than $137 
million per year 
    (Egypt began receiving large 
amounts of foreign aid from the 
United States in 1980, when it signed 

a peace treaty with Israel.) 
     Many governments in the Middle 
East are oppressive and problematic, 
as we are well aware. But our govern-
ment gives three billion dollars annu-
ally in aid to one. Our government 
has unanimously, unconditionally, and 
unequivocally supported one. Our 
government supplies one with fighter 
jets, tanks, and rockets that have been 
used repeatedly on civilians. 

 When our children one day ask 
us the meaning of being an American, 
we must be able to reply that our gov-
ernment deals with a hand of justice 
to all the children of the world. I do 
not support Hamas, and I find many 
of their actions despicable. But I do 
not respect being miscategorized by 
the authors of the paid advertisement 
as a supporter of extremist groups, 
just because I stand for human rights 
for all peoples. Neither myself nor 
any American should provide tacit 
financial support for ANY cor-
rupt or extremist parties that com-
mit oppression — whether they be 
Egyptian elites, corrupt Libyan and 
Yemeni leaders, Israeli warhawks, or 
Palestinian terrorists.  
     As Dr. Martin Luther King 
stated during the nonviolent social 
movements of the 1960s, “Injustice 
anywhere is a threat to justice every-
where.” None of us should stand 
for any of these injustices throughout 
the Middle East and North Africa.

 — Matthew Cappiello
Graduate Student, ‘14

Dear Editor,
Monday’s issue of the Guardian 

published an ad which was written 
and signed by over 25 UCSD faculty 
members regarding the singling out 
of the State of Israel by student orga-
nizations such as Students for Justice 
in Palestine (SJP) and the Muslim 
Student Association (MSA). They 
raise this issue because although 
numerous human rights violations 
are being committed by the Arab 
governments in the Middle East, these 
student organizations place the high 
majority of their focus on criticizing 
and demonizing Israel. Although it 
is true that there have been protests 
taking place this year in support of the 
civil unrest in countries such as Egypt 
and Tunisia, these acts of spreading 
awareness are not taken to the extent 
to which Israel is being criticized.

Every year, student organizations 
including SJP and MSA cosponsor 

Guardian Ad Presented 
Hateful Faculty Views

Advertisement Gave Voice 
to the Unheard

See letters, page 5

See sUN GOD, page 5



oPINIoN THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

Offered through the 
College of Extended Studies and International Programs
California State University, Los Angeles

www.calstatela.edu/extension/news 

Home for the summer?
•  Check our schedule of classes for a possible elective or  

required course

•  Get one step closer to graduation 

•  Cal State L.A.’s Summer Session is open to all students

•  Ten-week and five-week terms

•  Five-week term ends well before Fall Semester

Discover Cal State L.A.!
Summer Special Session 2011

SUmmEr
SPECIAL 
SESSIon 
2 0 1 1 

JOAN OF ART By Raechel Wong

Fewer Guest Passes, More Student-Only Debauchery

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
“Justice in Palestine Week” in which 
they erect a wall comprised of one-
sided and controversial facts, images 
and statistics regarding the Palestinian 
perspective of the Israeli-Palestinian 
Conflict. Besides this, they invite 
speakers and plan events in which 
the sole purpose is to target Israel as 
the aggressor in the conflict. What is 
ludicrous about this is the fact that 
although SJP’s mission statement calls 
“to promote justice, human rights, 
and the right of self-determination 
for the Palestinian people,” it is only 
Israel which they plan to criticize in 
this week-long event. Never do they 
mention anything regarding the kill-
ing of thousands of Palestinians by 
the Jordanian army during Black 
September in 1970, nor do they 
spread awareness about the 400,000+ 
Palestinian refugees who were 
expelled from Kuwait during the Iraqi 
invasion in 1991. While these groups 
continue to cite Israeli faults, they 
never mention anything about the 
use of Palestinian refugees as political 
pawns by the Arab states surrounding 
Israel for the 18 years following its 
War of Independence in 1948.

As an Israeli Jew, I am very criti-
cal of my government’s policies and 
believe there is no problem in criticiz-
ing it. However, it disgusts me to see 
student groups on this campus choos-
ing to single out Israel and show very 
little attention to the other atrocities 
in the Middle East that are worse. By 
writing the ad on the last issue of the 
UCSD Guardian, these faculty mem-
bers wished to express their concerns 
over the ongoing hypocrisy which 
takes place on this campus every year. 
A number of people have already 
opened their eyes to this reality, and 
it’s time for the rest of us to catch up. 

 — Omer Ben-Zvi
Senior, Muir College

Dear Editor,
I am recent graduate of Muir 

College and try to keep up with the 
Guardian when I can. I can’t tell you 
how pleased I was to see the recent 
“Open letter” to the UCSD com-
munity in your April 4 issue. Finally 
some faculty are willing to express 
the ideas I know that so many UCSD 
students shared while I was there but 
were hesitant to express!  

The venomous and dehumanizing 
way MSA and SJP conducted their 
“human rights” activities made me 
and many other students feel uncom-
fortable during what was otherwise a 
great campus experience. 

It seemed that nobody in the 
administration or faculty understood 
the difference between sincere and 
civil expression of opinions and hate-
ful propaganda that poisons the learn-
ing community. 

Last spring Professor Gary Fields 
even issued a statement that he was 
“proud” of the students and the “pro-
fessionalism” they displayed in their 
event on Library  Walk. When I read 
that it made leaving UCSD a little 
easier and I felt I could no longer 
endorse UCSD. Now I  see that there 
were a lot of professors who “got it.” I 
only wish they had printed their open 
letter a little sooner while I was a stu-
dent there.

 — Joseph Goldberg
UCSD Alumnus ‘09

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be no longer than 500 words, 
typed, double-spaced and signed with a name and 
applicable title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit for length and 
clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of the Student Center or 
emailed. Send all letters to:

The UCSD Guardian
Opinion Editor

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

email: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

▶ letters, from page 4

and tradition events like the Bear 
Gardens and Non-Sexist Dances) in 
the interest of a beefed-up RIMAC 
field. (Plus, realistically, 
the majority of campus 
spends that chunk of the 
early afternoon swigging 
from suspect water bottles 
outside the confines of 
RIMAC, anyway.)

A question mark still 
looms over one impor-
tant aspect of the festival, 
however. Concerts and Events Media 
Liaison Oliver Zhang was tight-
lipped on changes to the dance tent 
after last year’s overcrowding mishap 
during DJ Z-Trip’s performance 

(which culminated in Z-Trip’s set 
being cut short by campus police), 
though he would note that it will be 
a larger enclosed space. We’re cau-

tiously optimistic 
that larger space 
won’t signify hyper-
vigilant, beefed-up 
law enforcement. 
Safety’s one thing, 
but a thrill-crush-
ing, omnipresent 
police force is 
another.

Wong and his 
office have also raised the price 
of entry for non-students: Tickets 
to last year’s festival ran for $41 at 
the box office, while this year’s will 

cost $50. Any increase in revenue, 
however, will mostly be offset by the 
reduction in available guest tickets 
— a move intended to free up field 
space for students, as ASCE ran out 
of wristbands around 2:30 p.m. on 
the day of the festival last year. 

Of course, because RIMAC field 
has a capacity of just 20,000, there 
will inevitably be some dejected late-
comers on the day of the festival all 
the same. 

Still, the office’s effort to cut 
down on guest passes rightly pri-
oritizes students over profit. This is, 
lest we forget, our singular annual 
chance to shed our library-rat repu-
tation in favor of something a little 
closer to “Animal House.”

▶ sUN GOD, from page 4

the office’s effort 
to cut down on 
guest passes 
rightly prioritizes 
students over 
profit.



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011 NEWS

vote  
now:

Vote for your UC San Diego team at
facebook.com/MicrosoftTechStudent, 
or text LIFELENS to 23000. 

Team LifeLens: Jason Wakizaka, Cy Khormaee, Wilson To, Tristan Gibeau, and Helena Xu (mentor)

Their Idea: An innovative point-of-care smartphone application to reduce child mortality rates due to 
lack of detection of malaria.

Congratulations to LifeLens, representing University of California,  
San Diego in the national finals of Imagine Cup by Microsoft. 

This year more than 70,000 students across the U.S. entered the Imagine Cup by Microsoft, the world’s 
premier technology competition. The competition challenges the brightest students to devise technology 
ideas to overcome the world’s toughest problems. Your local team needs your vote.

©2011 Microsoft Corporation.

AND You could help  
UC san diego students  

change the world.

VOTE NOW 



The BesT songs
in hiaTus This Week

boss ditties
ContaCt the editor: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org

THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 20117 THE UCSD GUARDIAN  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/HIATUS

HiATUSCheck out the opening night of this year’s Muir Musical, the Broadway hit “Dirty Rotten Scoundrels,” based off the 1988 film of the same name. The show’s set to rock Mandeville Audito-
rium at 8 p.m.. Tickets are $10.

TONIGHT Cold Cave “The Great Pan Is Dead”
The kills “Satellite”

kera and the Lesbians “Black Like Coal”

stereoChemistry “I Need Dada In My Life”

scooter and oliver “Come This Far”

I ’ve finally settled on my answer to a likely interview question. In case any medical school admissions officer asks, 
one of the most difficult decisions of my 
undergraduate career was scratching my 
name off the audition signups for UCSD’s 
New Play Festival.

I had quibbled over the decision to 
audition for nearly two weeks, and, just 
before the quarter began, I had mustered 
the courage to Roger Catalog the best 
monologues for women. Instead of por-
ing over my o-chem lab manual like a 
good pre-med, I scoured Geisel for the 
perfect audition piece. 

But ultimately — after mastering my 
monologue — the time commitment and 
the conscience of my left brain shot down 
any chance at discovering my inner Julie 
Harris.

I soon found the words of Marlon 
Brando blaring through my head: “I 
coulda been a contendah.” However, in 
the days of psychoanalysis that followed, I 
concluded that acting is, in fact, quite like 
being a pre-med at UCSD. 

As an actor, you memorize a bunch 
of lines and as a pre-med, let’s be honest, 
you do the same with acronym-ridden 
pathways. 

Lab Nerds and 
Actors: Not So 
Different After All

leila haghighat

lhaghigh@ucsd.edu

Less Matter,     
More Art

F or an event so integral to the UCSD college experience, Sun God Festival is mostly out of our hands. Every year A.S. Concerts and 
Events chooses the lineup that will determine 
the fate of our drunken debauchery and we 
accept it unflinchingly — turning the concert 
into the traditional rager, even when we’re stuck 
with Drake or Sean Kingston. 

But every year we do get a single choice: the 
winner of Battle of the Bands.

Before campus police begin preparing for 
the inevitable underage binge-drinking that 
will ensue on May 13, students have a chance 
to select one local band to open the main stage. 
The annual competition will be held tonight, 
April 7,  at Porter’s Pub. 

Students have already narrowed down the 
list of competitors to six: Lucid Stereo, Gao Gao 
and the Bamboo Shoots, Scooter and Oliver, 
The City Walls, Kera and the Lesbians and 
Arvosoul. Here’s our take on the top contenders:

Scooter Oyama (billed as Scooter and 
Oliver) brings interesting variety: On one 
track, the songwriter spouts rhymes over retro 
Tootsie-Pop commercials — on another he plays 
plain and simple jazz. Oyama’s newest track, 
“Come This Far” — released on Soundcloud.
com on April 1 — responds to the “Asians In the 
Library” YouTube controversy (“World is in dire 
need and we so blind/ . . . Alexandra Wallace 
rocking’ my shit on her iPhone”). On his jazz 
tracks, however, Oyama seems like a completely 
different artist, blending horns and staccato 
electric guitar into upbeat, relaxing melodies 
that are more than your standard elevator jingle.

L et’s be real here: When it comes to Sun God Festival, artistic merit isn’t exactly a top priority — we just want to rage. So for 
the second annual DJ battle (this time it’s called 
the Sun God Space Jam) — where six student 
DJs face off for a spot performing in the dance 
tent — all we’re looking for is someone to party 
with. 

The finalists chosen by A.S. Concerts and 
Events are Digital Decay, DJ Philly, The Dream 
Team, JameRSun, NOLD and StereoChemistry. 
A team of ASCE intern judges will choose the 
winner based on a ranking system. But here’s 
our breakdown of the top three contenders for 
the drunkest day of the year:

The only song on NOLD’s Soundcloud, an 
hour-long set called “Dubs of NOLD,” sounds 
dubious if you’re not a fan of the inescapable 
dubstep craze. Fortunately, the track starts off 
pleasant enough: NOLD sports a refreshing take 
on the genre, combining the bass-heavy grime 
with Rasta chill. Head-nodding reggae gets torn 
down by that infamous wobwobwob, which is 
subtlety dispersed throughout the set’s first few 
minutes. But if you know dubstep, you know 
subtlety can only last for so long. By the time the 
expected breakdown comes… and then comes 
again, and again and again (for the next 45 
minutes), any musical nuance is forgotten in the 
mind-numbing bass. 

StereoChemistry, an electro-house duo 
formed by JSharp (who won the DJ battle last 
year) and Samski, is more promising. On “I 
Need Dada In My Life,” the guys transform the 
pensive guitar riff of The Temper Trap’s “Sweet 

BattLe oF 
the Bands

sun god 
space jam

it’s time for a rock off 
djs and bands fight for a spot on the sun god stage

by kelly hill • staff writer by arielle sallai • hiatus editor

F or 60 heart-pounding minutes — as bleached-blonde Saoirse Ronan (“Atonement”) jumps 
around in a 
world of shiny 
CIA facilities, 
abandoned trains 
and enormous 
carnival statues 
— “Hanna” is 
one glorious fai-
rytale world of 

surrealism and danger. Fans whirl, 
people run into animal’s mouths 
and playgrounds become murder 
sites as director Joe Wright (“Pride 
and Prejudice,” “Atonement”) crafts 
a movie with the look of a period 
piece but the pace and soundtrack 
of a thriller.

Unfortunately, “Hanna” is 90 
minutes long. 

The last half hour brings with it 
the movie’s ultimate weakness: the 
dawning realization that there’s no 
time to tie up the loose ends, and 

even worse, that what the viewer 
thought were loose ends build-
ing to a plot twist are actually non 
sequiturs. 

“Hanna” is supposedly a story 
of female empowerment; the titular 
character grows up in the snowy 
wilderness, trained by ex-CIA 
father Erik (Eric Bana) to one day 
kill his former colleague Marisa 
Wiegler (Cate Blanchett). When 
the CIA becomes aware of her exis-
tence, she begins a killing spree as 
she flees to Munich to meet up with 
her father and, per the synopsis, 
find “startling revelations about her 
humanity.”

But both Wiegler’s evil deed 
and Hanna’s reason for existence 
are revealed halfway in, leaving 
viewers anticipating a surprise end-
ing and more plot depth than the 
movie ever delivers. Instead, we’re 
confronted with seemingly irrel-
evant points. Why is Erik swim-
ming around in one scene and 
then suddenly walking around 
nicely dressed, killing people in 
the subway? (Bana spends most of 
the movie either shirtless or look-
ing dashing.) Why does Hanna 
really, really have to get to Wilhelm 
Grimm’s house, other than the fact 
that Wright likes fairy tales? Who 
is that man that supposedly knows 
her? Why does he look like a dwarf? 

Wright tries to compensate by 
interspersing elements of the typical 
coming-of-age story (Hanna sneaks 
off to party with a Spanish boy — 
and then attacks him) and not-so-
subtle warnings about technology. 
She muses about how she’s “heard” 
about electricity, and then quickly 
goes batty when she can’t turn off 
the TV. Quick, dizzying close-ups 
on whirring fans, beeping electric 

kettles and a flickering light are 
interspersed with a pounding score 
by the Chemical Brothers to show 
how unnatural and frightening our 
“civilized” world can be.

But none of these anecdotes can 
make up for the lack of satisfying 
backstory. Ronan is appropriately 
odd traipsing around in an orange 
jumpsuit, while Blanchett’s power 
suits and teeth-baring smiles fit the 
dastardly Wiegler. But their melo-
dramatic meeting convinces no 
one of their supposed decades-long 
hatred of each other. 

In the end, the movie’s great-
est strength lies in pure technical 
appeal and its ability to create a 
fantasy world in tones of sleek grey 
and saturated color. Scenes are 
shot from many different perspec-
tives: Hanna’s, so we experience 
first-hand the slimy CIA agents. 
The agents’, so we see what they 
would have as Hanna points a gun 
directly at the screen. We see what 

looks like camera footage and both 
extreme close-ups of body parts 
and landscape pans to show the 
desolation of the wilderness. Wright 
has created an intense and gorgeous 
world — too bad the story doesn’t 
match up.

Fight 
Like a 
Girl

Hanna’s action is 
nice to watch  — too 
bad that’s about it.
By Angela Chen

FILMREVIEW

HANNA
Starring:
Saoirse Ronan, 
eric Bana, Cate 
Blanchett
01:51
Rated Pg-13
B

See art, page 8

See jam, page 9See bands, page 9
jANE RHo/Guardian



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011 HIATUS

Whether you’re an actor or pre-med, 
you also become aware of your own 
body. An actor’s ability to control physi-
cal expression requires understanding 
of the body’s physiological mechanisms. 
A pre-med is, likewise, privy to how the 
body can be manipulated into affecting 
a specific motor action. Corticospinal 
fibers traveling down the dorsolateral 
tracts from my motor cortex synapse 
onto the neurons controlling my limbs, so 
if I command my motor cortex to do so, 
I can lift Yorick’s skull and begin reciting 
the world’s most famous monologue. 

Furthermore, as an actor, you diag-
nose the problems that give rise to your 
character’s quirks in the same way that a 
physician diagnoses a malady by compar-
ing the patient’s presentation of symp-
toms with the normal phenotype. 

Since acting and being a pre-med 
cross over so much, I contentedly came to 
conclusion that, though I wouldn’t be on 
track for a Tony Award anytime soon, I 
could vicariously act by being a pre-med. 
Recalling a New York Times about actress-
es’ forays into science further put me at 
ease and convinced me that the audition 
I skipped wasn’t the be-all and end-all to 
my thespian future. 

According to the February 2011 
article, Natalie Portman was a semifinal-
ist at the Intel Science Talent Search, and, 
though she’s clearly abandoned science 
for the stage, her more senior coun-
terparts were able to combine the two. 
Mayim Bialik of “Blossom” fame, took a 
hiatus from acting to receive her Ph.D. 
from UCLA in neurobiology and now 
stars in “The Big Bang Theory.” 

So there’s hope for me yet. I take my 
audition’s failure — and what I’ve learned 
about acting — as a sign not to think 
about pursuing a career in one or the 
other but, instead, to focus on accentuat-
ing their similarities and coming up with 
a way to uniquely combine the two in the 
not-so-distant future. 

HIATUS PICKS THE WEEK’S BEST BETS
exit strategydruthers 
THIS WEEK ON CAMPUS

FoovIe: AttAck oF tHe 
kILLer toMAtoes
the loft
aPRil 7, 7 P.m.
fRee

MIddLe BrotHer
the loft
aPRil 8, 7:30 P.m.
PayC

geNder BuFFet
women’S CenteR
aPRil 8, 12 P.m.
fRee

33rd ANNuAL cuLturAL 
ceLeBrAtIoN
thuRgood maRShall College
aPRil 9, 10 a.m.
fRee

FusIoN HIp Hop dANce 
coMpetItIoN
RimaC
aPRil 9, 5:30 P.m.
$21

rocky Horror pIcture 
sHow
PRiCe CenteR BallRoom eaSt
aPRil 9, 7:30 P.m.
$3

cAMerA LucIdA
ConRad PReByS muSiC CenteR
aPRil 11, 8 P.m.
fRee

sprINgFest
ConRad PReByS muSiC CenteR
aPRil 12, 8 P.m.
fRee

Come check out Revelle College’s annual music 
festival for some fantastic live performances, 
food, giveaways and more. People Under the 
Stairs is an underground rap duo hailing from 
Los Angeles that has toured over 40 countries, 
as well as some of the nation’s premiere music 
festivals, from Bonnaroo to Coachella. Avi 
Buffalo is a burgeoning Long Beach indie-pop 
collective that made waves with last year’s 
debut self-titled LP. Jakob Martin and Anthony 
Escobedo are also scheduled to perform. (RE)

reveLLutIoN
RimaC / aPRil 7, 7 P.m. / fRee

Your Doctor Could 
Be a Natural Star
▶ art from page 7

AZUSA   |   HIGH DESERT   |   INLAND EMPIRE   |   LOS ANGELES   |   MURRIETA
ORANGE COUNTY   |   SAN DIEGO   |    VENTURA COUNTY   |   ONLINE

(800) 825-5278
www.apu.edu/explore/education
graduatecenter@apu.edu 

Call
Click
Email

Earn your degree in education
in 12 –18 months at APU.

With more than 36 credential and master’s 
degree opportunities, we’re confident we have 
a program for you.

APU offers:
• Convenient classes at 8 Southern California 

locations and online.
• Programs in teaching, counseling, physical 

education, and administration.
• NCATE-accredited programs recognized by 

all 50 states and internationally.
• Resources that make transferring to APU a 

seamless process.

11209

Classes start five times throughout the year. 
Contact us today!

I t’s hard to see Russell Brand as a character other than himself: Mr. Katy Perry is 
a professional dandy — more 
known for his antics and cam-
eos than acting, so casting him 
as the titular character of the 
remake of 1981’s “Arthur” is a 
curious prospect. In the origi-

nal, Dudley Moore played the affable drunk with 
convincing zeal. Could Brand do the same?

But forget what the previous generation is 
going to think. Most of us don’t know Moore’s 
character anyway. Brand’s Arthur Bach is an irre-
pressibly charming alcoholic, a man-child drunk 

on fun and his lifelong fortune. In other words, 
“Arthur” is a one-man show, and armed with his 
oafish British humor, Brand gives the character a 
delightful reboot. 

Arthur is sandwiched between the women in 
his life. There is Nanny Hobson (Helen Mirren), 
a tiny, steely woman who picks up after his 
excesses (and there are plenty); mother Vivienne 
(Geraldine James), a tightwad corporate empress 
who sponsors his debauchery; and fiancée Susan 
(Jennifer Garner), a frightening exec with only 
one rung left to climb before she is cemented 
firmly in social elitism. 

The film begins with Arthur’s antics wearing 
out his mother, who forces an ultimatum on him: 

Marry Susan or give up his inheritance. Arthur 
initially thinks he can do it, until he falls in love 
with kindred spirit Naomi (Greta Gerwig). The 
premise is a golden oldie: lifelong wealth or 
lifelong love? Arthur waits until the wedding to 
decide, but as all rom-coms go, the ending is no 
surprise. 

“Arthur”’s best moments are its dialogue. Wit 
is a precious commodity, so “Arthur”’s unex-
pected twists of absurd humor are a welcome 
surprise. After the first few lines, you realize the 
comedy is no accident — the flick is a non-stop 
romp from beginning to end. 

Though director Jason Winer (“Modern 
Family”) barely reworks anything from the origi-
nal, the pithy dialogue brings out the best in the 
high-chested, springy-stepped Brand. The wit 
wears particularly well on Nanny Hobson, who 
snaps you into peals of laughter with unexpected 
beats of frankness. “How is the tea?” asks doe-
eyed Naomi after a fuzzy, heartfelt conversation, 
wanting to restore some propriety. “Like sewage,” 
replies Hobson. Even after a life-changing confes-
sion, her candor is not spared. 

Not everything in “Arthur” is lovable (Garner 
prancing around meowing guilelessly like a dam-
aged whore), but the many charming moments 
make it difficult not to enjoy. 

Too Drunk 
To Grow Up

Brand’s humor shines in 
remake. By Krystle Wong

FILMREVIEW

ArtHur
Starring:
Russell Brand, 
helen mirren & 
Jennifer garner
01:50
Rated Pg-13
B-



HIATUS THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9

The City Walls’ pop-rock sound is full of studio finesse that 
most of the other groups lack. The group blends soft melodies and 
vocals with crisp electric guitars and simplistic drum beats. “Side,” 
The City Walls’ most popular ballad, is a mellow, midtempo track 
dripping with themes of support and being ignored (“Don’t you 
see I’m on your side?/But you don’t believe me/Not this time”). 
For the Sun God attendee with her heart on her sleeve, the band 
may do the trick; problem is, Jimmy Eat World-lite ain’t the way to 
get the party started. 

Kera and the Lesbians come to the front as the favorite. The 
Escondido garage-rock group, led by Kera’s banshee vocals, wheels 
through broken-heart ballads and mythical folktales about gypsies 
and murderers over muffled twang guitars. Like a PBR-guzzling 
Janis Joplin, Kera’s soulful voice rips through the tracks errati-
cally. On “Black Like Coal” a hand-clap breakdown succumbs to 
Kera’s shriek: “I cry mercy!” she bellows, with classic, freewheeling 
guitars and loose drums at the backbone. Kera and the Lesbians 
— who are actually just a couple of dudes — are plain and simple 
rock ‘n roll, landing our vote for the festival opener. 

The Sun God Battle of the Bands is tonight at 8 p.m. at Porter’s 
Pub. Students get in for free. 

Disposition” into rave reverie. The breakdown is bold in a small 
way, using the quiet moments of the sample to turn the buildup 
into the thunderous dance party we’re itching for. The rest of their 
work is equal parts rave, disco, dub and rock, making their sets a 
party for anyone in the audience. 

DJ Philly stands out from the house-dominated group with his 
abundant usage of top-40 hip hop and pop samples. We could all 
use the flow of an MC or the singalong choruses of a pop star to 
break the monotony of relentless dancefloor synth. The sample 
sets on DJ Philly’s Bandcamp and Soundcloud profiles certainly 
don’t slow down, though — the artist just adds enough variety to 
keep us interested. One blissful set begins with a triumphant Lupe 
Fiasco remix, only to conclude with the one-two punch of Empire 
of the Sun’s “Walking On a Dream” and Daft Punk’s “Digital 
Love.” This isn’t a set to fade in the background. DJ Philly gives 
the people what they want: Dancier versions of the big-name art-
ists that aren’t already playing Sun God. See, remixing is easy. 

The DJ’s will compete at the Sun God Space Jam on April 8 at 
Porter’s Pub. Students get in for free.

$50 
ON T

OP O
F  

OUR
 BEST

 OFF
ER  

IN TH
E MA

RKET
  

whe
n yo

u me
ntion

CAM
PUS1

01

Res
tricti

ons 
appl

y.

ContikiStudents.com
Con-ti-ki (Kahn-tee-kee) - noun: An often life-changing, shared travel experience with like-minded 
individuals between the ages of 18 and 35. 

Over 190 trips worldwide. Find yours.
Trip like we do\

CST#1001728­20

O n 2009’s debut LP Love Comes Close, New York’s Cold Cave 
employed a very specific 
aesthetic (neo-romantic 
lyrics and dark, noisy 
atmospherics) that has 
since become increasingly 
fashionable. Newfound 
genres like “witch house” 
and “drag” have ushered 
in an onslaught of bands 
(oOoOO and Salem, for 
example) to capitalize on 
the same goth/cult synth-
pop. 

Thankfully, on sopho-
more release Cherish the 
Light Years, Cold Cave 
resist urges to jump ship in 
the name of individuality, 
opting instead to develop 
their signature jet-black 
pop while exploring new 
musical ground. 

Despite its lyrical 
melodrama and grave, 
Ian Curtis vocal deliv-
ery, Cold Cave’s debut 
was, at heart, an intimate 
bedroom pop album. On 
Cherish the Light Years, 
the band expands  its 
approach considerably. 
Every component of the 
album, from the surging 
guitar chords and bright, 
punchy synthesizers, to the 
polished vocal recording, 
is larger, more anthemic 

and ultimately more dra-
matic than anything the 
band has done in the past. 
On opening track “The 
Great Pan is Dead,” aggres-
sive, double-time guitar 
and persistent drumming 
peel away to a core of New 
Order-style synthesiz-
ers and lead man Wesley 
Eisold’s hopeful, histrionic 
lyrics: “Tell me when the 
world is ending / You will 
be there, still pretending / 
I was just someone you’d 
love to love.” 

The tight, motorik 
drum patterns on “Pacing 
Around the Church” and 
the Robert Smith-evoking 
vocal drama on “Icons 
of Summer” both mark a 
keen attention to detail and 
’80s homage that melds 
with Cold Cave’s sleek, new 
wave pop sound.

Don’t let the change in 
technique fool you — Cold 
Cave are still as moody, 
ultra-serious and strangely 
pop-friendly as they’ve 
ever been. This time 
around, however, they’ve 
cleaned up, making their 
sound infinitely bigger and 
slightly more mature — a 
shift that suits them nicely.

—Andrew 
Whitworth

Senior Staff Writer

Fashionable NY Kids Leave the 
Bedroom For Manchester Goth

T he bratty beach romance of Wavves and Best Coast, the hazy candlelit 
ballads of Beach House, the 
deafening flirtation of Sleigh 
Bells — clearly indie rock has 
fallen for the boy-girl duo. 
While all that handholding 
and latent sexual tension 
might be enough to irritate 
a seasoned twosome like the 
Kills — the collaboration of 
singer Alison “VV” Mosshart 
and guitarist Jamie “Hotel” 
Hince — the duo’s fourth LP,  
Blood Pressures, tunes out 
the trend in favor of further 
synthesizing its calculated 
garage-rock grit. 

VV and Hotel abandon 
the stripped-down pop of 
2008’s Midnight Boom, com-
bining the darker, distorted 
beatbox-rock of their first 
two albums with matured, 
blues-leaning vocals. Opener 
“Future Starts Slow” builds 
a shadowy Pixies guitar line 
and scattering percussion to 
an unrelenting vocal duet full 
of sinister and soulfully deliv-
ered lyrics: “You can holler / 
You can wait / You can swing 
/ You can flail.” This morbid 
tone seems to haunt Blood 
Pressures from beginning to 
end.  

When The Kills do utilize 
the male-female, hot v. cold 
aesthetic, it is with a self-

assured nonchalance — a 
persistent reminder that these 
two have been at it for over 
a decade. Standout “Satellite” 
commands a stomping 
klezmer rhythm under 
an eerily restrained vocal 
harmony. The product is a 
fuzzed-out roof-shaker that’s 
as powerful as it is chilling, 
drawing tension, rather than 
cuteness, at every bone-
breaking half-step. 

Piano waltz “The Last 
Goodbye” shifts gear com-
pletely, enveloping Mosshart’s 
oddly sentimental vocal 
melody in a cloud of wispy 
strings and record player 
crackling. The faux-vintage 
Western ballad is an interest-
ing detour, but the gimmick 
inevitably wears thin, leaving 
us mourning the ramshackle 
directness of past singles like 
“Wait” and “The Good Ones.”

Ultimately, Blood Pressures 
succeeds as a solid entry 
in the Kills’ cigarettes-and-
leather-jackets catalogue. 
When VV and Hotel are both 
singing, there are no complex 
harmonies. When they’re 
hammering out a breakdown, 
it’s primal drums and guitar. 
Nothing showy, nothing cute, 
just simple fuck-you garage-
rock with purpose. 

—Tanner Cook
Contributing Writer

Gritty Boy-Girl Duo Would Rather 
Trash Your Garage Than Cuddle

ALBuMREVIEWS

The Kills
Blood Pressures
DoMino

7
10

Cold Cave 
Cherish the Light Years
MATADoR

7
10

Sun God Festival Space Jam 
Showcases Student Talent
▶ jam from page 7

The Best Music Acts of  the 
Sun God Battle of  the Bands
▶ bands from page 7



Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Complete the grid so
each row, column and
3-by-3 box (in bold
borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

3/28/11 Crossword Solution

CLASSIFIEDS10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

ServiceS
EGG DONORS NEEDED $10,000, plus 
expenses  We are seeking attractive and 
intelligent women  of all ethnicities.  
Please contact: 1-800-264-8828 or dar-
lene@aperfectmatch.com. www.aperfect-
match.com      ASRM-SART ID# 1202 (4/7)

JobS
Tutors wanted for algebra, geometry, 
calculus, chemistry, physics and biology. 
Scripps Ranch area. Monday-Thursday, 
2:30-8:30 PM. flexible schedule. $30/3hr. 
(858) 705-3342. Email: pling.tutor@gmail.
com (4/7)

Eyeblink Study: up to $260. Healthy par-
ticipants needed: 18-35, right handed, 
drug-free, no psychiatric history.  Studies 
on M-F, 9-4 only.  UCSDMC, Hillcrest. (619) 
543-2314 or  Email: eyeblinkstudy@gmail.
com (4/11)

UCSD BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY STUDY: 
Subjects with current allergy symptoms 
to inhaled allergens (cat, grass, dust mite) 
needed as blood donors for research 
study requiring donation of blood and 
allergy skin testing. Will be reimbursed 
$100 for completion of 2 clinic visit study. 
Contact Dr. Broide Department Medicine 
858.534.2033 (4/21)

L.A. AREA SUMMER DAY CAMPS 
Swimming, horses, sports, crafts, archery, 
beaches, ropes courses and more. Gain 
valuable experience working with chil-

dren in a variety of fun camp settings!  
www.daycampjobs.com (5/19) 

Now Hiring - The Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center is now hiring for the summer. 
Experience in wakeboarding, sailing, wind 
surfing, surfing, stand-up paddling, kaya-
king, rowing or marine science is recom-
mended. Will train qualified applicants. 
Office assistant and maintenance posi-
tions available as well. Visit mbaquatic-
center.com/jobs for more info or email: 
kevin.straw@sdsu.edu (6/2)

Summer Day Camp - Greater Los Angeles 
Area. Counselors, instructors for horse-
back riding, gym, arts & crafts, swim-
ming, rock climbing, petting farm, music 
& drama and more. (888)784-CAMP www.
workatcamp.com (6/2)



SPORTS THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

HANNA - COLLEGE BUY AD
5.67" x 10.5"

4C

FRIDAY, APRIL 8TH ADAPT OR DIE
Text HANNA to 4FOCUS (436287) and download a FREE RINGTONE written by THE CHEMICAL BROTHERS for the film. 

MESSAGE AND DATA RATES MAY APPLY.

“EXHILARATING, AUDACIOUS 
AND BOLDLY ORIGINAL!

A non-stop thrill! Fast paced and full of wonders!”

“EXHILARATING, AUDACIOUS 
AND BOLDLY ORIGINAL!

A non-stop thrill! Fast paced and full of wonders!”
– ELLE

SAOIRSE

RONAN
ERIC

BANA

and CATE

BLANCHETT To b
uy the exclusiv

e 

soundtrack fro
m 

The Chemical B
rothers

and a look beh
ind the 

scenes of HAN
NA

itunes.com/focusf
eatures

on

DIRECTED BY JOE WRIGHT

ORIGINAL SCORE BY
THE CHEMICAL BROTHERS

straight.
Guido Knudson (3-3) gave up six 

runs over five innings, including three 
in the fifth inning that gave the Golden 
Eagles a comfortable 5-0 lead. Down 
7-2 in the ninth, UCSD scored two 
runs in a two-out rally, but it was far 
from enough as Cal State L.A. took the 
second game of the series.

April 2 (GAme 1)

UC San Diego 11, 
Cal State L.A. 8

 
Triton center-fielder Danny Susdorf 

matched a career high with four hits 
and had 3 RBI, and the Golden Eagles 
stranded 13 runners as the Tritons held 
on to a win that saw both teams find 
success at the plate. 

Both starting pitchers hit the show-
ers early, as the bats came alive as 
soon as the game started. Golden Eagle 
starter Nathan Pickett lasted just 2 1/3 
innings, giving up five runs on six hits. 
Triton starter Greg Selarz had a slightly 
better outing, but still only lasted 3 2/3 
innings after giving up four runs on 10 
hits. Taylor Austin (1-0) got the win for 
UCSD after giving up one run in 3 1/3 
innings of relief. 

The Tritons only had six RBI to 
show for their 11 runs, as Cal State L. 
A. committed four errors. First base-
man Evan Kehoe added his first home 
run of the season with a solo shot in 
the fourth inning. 

April 2 (GAme 2)

Cal State L.A. 3, 
UC San Diego 1

The Golden Eagles earned the 
series victory in a pitcher’s duel that 
stood in stark contrast from the offen-
sive fireworks seen in the first game of 
the doubleheader.

The nightcap was a seven-inning 
game, and both starters began well 
with only one hit for either team after 
three innings. UCSD’s Jeff Rauh (1-2) 
was saddled with the loss, as he gave 
up one run in the fourth but had to exit 
the game after 3 2/3 innings, after get-
ting hit in the arm by a sharp line drive. 
The Golden Eagles added two more in 
the fifth with a double and an error by 
right-fielder Kyle Saul, with both runs 
charged to reliever Justin Burns. 

UCSD got its only run of the game 
in the sixth with a sacrifice fly by 
catcher Kellen Lee. The Tritons had 
runners on first and second with one 
out in the bottom of the seventh, but 
Bauman struck out swinging and Saul 
was caught trying to steal third to end 
the game.

The Tritons are now 21-11 overall 
and 14-10 in the CCAA, dropping 
them to fourth place in the conference 
standings.   

“There’s no question,” head coach 
Dan O’Brien said. “It’s always been 
a strong conference, and this is the 
strongest I’ve ever seen it. This is the 
way a conference is supposed to be. 
The last three or four years, we’ve just 
been rolling through conference with-
out a whole lot of challenges. But this is 
the way a conference typically is.”

The Tritons fell to No. 21 in the lat-
est national rankings.

UCSD will now face No. 16 Sonoma 
State in a four-game series on the road 
from April 8 to April 10. 

In her fifth win of the season, pitcher Tess 
Granath struck out eight Penguins, while 
allowing only one hit.

April 1 (GAme 3)

Montana State-Billings 5, 
UC San Diego 2

 
With two outs and two men on base, 

Montana State Billings catcher Kelly Parsons 
homered for three RBI, putting UCSD in the 
hole 4-0 in the first inning.

The Tritons recovered two runs in the 
second inning, when Jennifer Manuel scored 
off of a Sarah Woofter RBI. Dyanna Imoto sin-
gled to send Maya Romero in to score. Manuel 
(3-2) lasted only 3 1/3 innings in the loss.

April 2 (GAme 1)

UC San Diego 3, 
Western Oregon 1

The Tritons used a sixth-inning rally to 
break a 1-1 tie and held on for the win. 

Western Oregon University took a 1-0 lead 
in the third inning.  The Tritons equalized 
in the fourth when Katrin Gabriel, pinch-
running for Esther Strom, scored off of a 
Woofter RBI.

The game remained tied until the sixth 
inning when Kirsten Willmon, pinch-running 
for Jennifer Manuel, got on base and stole sec-
ond, advancing to third off a Brown sacrifice 
bunt. Willmon was brought home off another 
Woofter RBI.  Lyndsay Gaylord pinch ran for 
Woofter, stealing second and third in succes-
sion, and was brought home by a Lesovsky 
single.

April 2 (GAme 2)

UC San Diego 9, 
Grand Canyon 0

Camile Gaito pitched her sixteenth win — 
and second of the day — as the Tritons easily 
downed Grand Canyon.

Gaito recorded seven strike-outs to and 
went the distance to get the complete game 
shutout. Seven Tritons scored in the win, with 
De Fazio finishing with 3 RBI, and Lesovsky, 
Sepulveda, and Woofter all recording 2 RBI.

April 2 (GAme 2)

UC San Diego 2, 
Dixie State 1

Camille Gaito pitched her sixteenth win, 
and second of the day, as the Tritons easily 
downed Grand Canyon.

Gaito recorded seven strikeouts and went 

the distance to get the complete game shut-
out. Seven Tritons scored for the win, with De 
Fazio finishing with three RBI, and Lesovsky, 
Sepulveda and Woofter all recording two RBI.

April 3

UC San Diego 4, 
Montana State-Billings 3 (8 innings)

The Tritons got payback for their loss to 
Montana State-Billings two days prior in an 
extra inning win to take the Silver Bracket at 
the Tournament of Champions.   

The Yellowjackets struck first in the sec-
ond inning, going up 1-0. Billings furthered 
their lead in the fifth, scoring two on a Triton 
error. With men on second and third, Meg 
Harasymczuk sent a ball down the third-base 
line, where an error by third baseman Sarah 
Woofter brought both runners home.

Down 3-0, the Tritons began to dig them-
selves out in the sixth inning, when pinch-
runner Katrin Gabriel scored off of a Woofter 
RBI.  

Up against the wall in the seventh inning, 
the Tritons managed to position Lesovsky and 
De Fazio on second and third. With two outs, 
Jennifer Manuel singled up the middle, bring-
ing both runners home and pushing the game 
into extra innings.

Woofter was placed on second, and 
advanced to third base off of a sacrifice bunt 

from Maya Romero. She was brought home 
off of a De Fazio single.

With a 0.25 ERA and 5-0 record, Camille 
Gaito earned Top Pitcher honors, while De 
Fazio was named top hitter after hitting .579 
throughout the tournament. The Triton duo 
was joined by Manuel on the All-Tournament 
Team.

“This past weekend really showed our 
team’s heart and perseverance, especially 
during the last game against Montana State 
Billings,” senior outfielder Katrin Gabriel said. 
“Each person on the team contributed to win-
ning the game when we were down 3-0.” 

The Tritons are now ranked No. 9 and 26-7 
overall this season.

“We are definitely on a roll and the great 
part is that we still have more room to grow,” 
assistant coach Jessica Millsap said. “This is 
a very special team and we are looking to go 
further than we ever have before. Although 
our goal is the National Championship, we 
are taking one game at a time. The girls are 
focused and I look forward to some fireworks 
at the end of season.”

The Tritons have three remaining series 
matchups left in their regular season. Their 
next pair of games is scheduled for April 
8 and April 9 in Turlock, against Cal State 
Stanislaus.  

 
Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.
edu

CSULA Takes Three of  Four From 
Tritons to Move Ahead in Standings
▶ BASEBAll, from page 12

Gaito, De Fazio Lead Tritons as UCSD Climbs to No. 9 in National Rankings
▶ SoftBAll, from page 12

NolaN Thomas/Guardian File
UCSD will face No. 16 Sonoma State after losing three of four against Cal State LA.



www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

SPORTS
THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 2011

ContaCt the editor: sports@ucsdguardian.org

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

WOMEN’S WATER POLO
TRACK & FIELD

BASEBALL
SOFTBALL

MEN’S VOLLEYBALL

4/9
4/9
4/8
4/8
4/7

AT San Jose State
AT Pomona-Pitzer/Arizona State
AT Sonoma State
AT Cal State Stanislaus
AT Cal State Northridge

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

By Liam Rose 
Sports editor

Photos By NolaN thomas • 
Guardian FiLe

.........................................

.........................................

By RaCHeL UDa 
Senior staff Writer

BASEBAll rOUNDUP SOftBAll rOUNDUP
The Tritons have won just one of their last five games, and have slid to No. 21 
in the national rankings. 

Camille Gaito was named Top Pitcher after going 5-0 with a 0.25 ERA in the 
2011 Mizuno Tournament of Champions.

BASEBALL SOFTBALL

mArch 31

Cal State L.A. 5, 
UC San Diego 4

 
Starter Tim Shibuya matched his 

career-high with 11 strikeouts and left-
fielder Bauman had 3 RBI, but it was not 
enough as Cal State Los Angeles battled 
back from a four-run defect to take the 
first game of the series.

Shibuya (6-2) took the loss as he 
struck out 11 and walked none in seven 
innings, but also allowed 11 hits that led 
to all five Golden Eagle runs. 

The Tritons opened up the scoring 
with a run in the top of the first, and 
added three more in the third. But the 

Golden Eagles added three of their own 
in the bottom of the inning, and tied the 
score in the fifth when Shibuya hit a bat-
ter with the bases loaded. Cal State L.A.’s 
Brian Compton doubled in the go-ahead 
run in the seventh. 

April 1

Cal State L.A. 7, 
UC San Diego 4

The Golden Eagles never trailed en 
route to sending the Tritons to their third 
consecutive loss. It was the first time in 
nearly two years that UCSD lost three 

April 1 (GAme 1)

UC San Diego 5, 
Hawaii Pacific 0

 
A four-run fifth inning for the 

Tritons gave UCSD the edge in its 
shutout over No. 22 Hawaii Pacific in 
the first round of the 2011 Tournament 
of Champions hosted by Cal State 
Stanislaus. 

After an unearned run from pinch-
runner Lyndsay Gaylord put UCSD 
on the board, Kris Lesovsky sent a 
double to right center to earn two RBI. 
Taylor Sepulveda followed up to send 
Lesovsky in to score.

Camille Gaito (14-1) allowed Pacific 
— the defending NCAA Division-
II Champion — only one hit, while 
recording six strikeouts.

April 1 (GAme 2)

UC San Diego 11, 
Dominican 0 (5 innings)

The Tritons converted all of their 
11 hits in an 11-0 rout over Dominican 
College, who is just 1-22 on the season. 
Lesovsky went 2-for-4 and Jennifer De 
Fazio went 2-for-3, while designated 
hitter Rhiannon Ousley went 1-for-2, 
recording three RBI.

See BASEBAll RoUNDUP, page 11 See SoftBAll RoUNDUP, page 11

Triton Softball Wins Silver 
Bracket of Tournament of 

Champions, Baseball Struggles 
in Conference Play

Tritons Split Non-Conference Matches as Postseason Approaches  

erik roberTs/Guardian File
UCSD beat Brown and Fresno Pacific over the weekend, but fell to No. 9 Arizona State.

By Tyler Nelson
Associate Sports Editor

WOMEN’S WATER POLO — After a 
rough end to March, the No. 20 UCSD 
women’s water polo team recovered 
nicely in early April, going 2-1 this past 
weekend. On Friday, the Tritons defeat-
ed Brown University 11-9, then went 
on to defeat Fresno Pacific 10-8 before 
falling to No. 9 Arizona State 11-8 on 
Sunday afternoon. 

Against the Sunbirds of Fresno 
Pacific, the Tritons played a younger 
lineup than usual with the hopes of giv-
ing the starters some rest in preparation 
for Arizona State, but the move didn’t 
payoff. Though junior utility Natalie 
Peng scored in the opening quarter, the 
younger players missed some open pen-
alty shots and the Tritons fell into a 3-1 
hole, before the regular starters all came 
back in. Though the Sunbirds were the 
next team to score after the large substi-
tution, three goals put the Tritons right 
back into the game, evening the score to 
4-4 at halftime. 

The Tritons didn’t let the tie stand for 
long, as senior attacker Felicia Orozco 
scored two consecutive goals to estab-
lish a 6-4 lead. Both teams traded a pair 
of goals as the score rested at 8-6 going 
into the final quarter. 

To start the quarter, Fresno Pacific 
played with the intensity that gave them 
their initial lead and tied up the game 
8-8 in the first three minutes. Just 15 

seconds later, UCSD drew a technical 
foul and scored to take the lead for 
good. A minute later, Bartow added an 
insurance goal to make the score 10-8 
and the defense held the score steady to 
give the Tritons the victory.

The Tritons began the match against 
the Sun Devils coming off a three-game 
win streak and ready for the competi-
tion. 

However, the Sun Devils proved to 
be quick starters, scoring two goals 
in the first minute before the Tritons 
could stage any resistance. The Tritons’ 
defense toughened up in the first quar-
ter, and only allowed one more goal. 
But the offense could not find a rhythm 
and went scoreless in the quarter, giving 
the Sun Devils a 3-0 lead after the first 
quarter.

In the next quarter, the Tritons 
improved their chances with freshman 
utility Sarah Lizotte, who was the first 
Triton to find the back of the cage. 
After the goal, Arizona State tried to 
reposition itself to score, but after the 
shot went off the goalpost, the Tritons 
staged a counterattack and junior driver 
Katherine Biehle drove it through the 
net. 

The Sun Devils scored again with a 
6-on-5 advantage to make it 5-2, and 
were driving in the last 30 seconds, 
but turned the ball over. The Tritons 
planned their strike and freshman 
Melissa Bartow found the goal to make 
the score 5-3 at halftime.

To open the second half, the Tritons 
and Sun Devils traded goals, but 
Arizona State scored four of the next 
five goals, making the score 10-6 to end 
the third quarter. The Tritons outscored 
the Sun Devils 2-1 in the final stanza, 
but halfway through, Arizona State was 
in coasting mode, and the Tritons fell 
11-8 to the visitors on Sunday night. The 
Tritons fell to 0-12. 

“When you have games that you 
lose, it’s tough to have the players find 
things positive that you do in them,” 
head coach Brad Kreutzkamp said. “We 
beat Brown and we beat Fresno Pacific, 
but I don’t think we really played well in 
those games. We came out with a lot of 
enthusiasm against some really talented 
Arizona State players and we really chal-
lenged them all over the pool.”

UCSD is back in action next week-
end as they travel to Santa Clara to par-
take in the Bronco Tournament. Their 
first match is against No. 8 San Jose State 
at 8 a.m., and it will be the last time the 
Tritons take on a ranked team in the 
regular season. 

The only conference opponent the 
Tritons have left to play this season is 
Cal State San Bernardino and a win 
against the Coyotes on Sunday will all 
but assure the Tritons of the second seed 
in the WWPA Championship tourna-
ment.

Readers can contact Tyler Nelson at 
tcnelson@ucsd.edu


	040711News.pdf
	040711Hiatus.pdf
	040711Classifieds_PG10.pdf
	040711Sports.pdf

