
VOLUME XLII, ISSUE I   MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 2011   WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT
INSIDE

NIGHT WATCH monday
Height:  2 ft.

Wind: 2-5 mph
Water Temp: 64 F

tuesday
Height:  2-3 ft.
Wind: 4-5 mph

Water Temp: 64 F

wednesday
Height: 3 ft.

Wind: 4-6 mph 
Water Temp: 64 F

thursday
Height:  3-4 ft.
Wind: 3-8 mph 

Water Temp: 64 F

LOw

$3.63
Food 4 Less, Lemon Grove
7420 Broadway & West St.
HIGH

$4.33
Valero, Coronado
400 Orange Ave. & 4th St.

monday
H 69 L 59

tuesday
H 64 L 57

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

wednesday
H 63 L 52

thursday
H 71 L 51 thursdaywednesday

Birdland .................................2
Lights & Sirens ......................3
At Wit’s End ...........................4
Letters to the Editor ...............5
In Focus .................................8
Sudoku ..................................9
Sports ..................................12

monday tuesday

thursdaywednesday

You have to have something to 
be passionate about. Otherwise, 

there’s no point to life.” 
     

          Randy Ewing
Muir College Senior

“

By Nicole Chan
Associate News Editor

Approximately 100 students gathered on Library Walk for an Occupation Hour protesting Gov. Jerry Brown’s cutbacks to 
education on Thursday, Oct. 20. The event began 
with a general assembly to educate and promote 
awareness about the Occupy Wall Street move-
ment, followed by a march around campus.

“For me it was really important for students 
to understand the reasons the movement has 

erupted and the general disenchantment with 
corporation practices that are occurring,” ethnic 
studies Ph.D student and co-organizer Alborz 
Ghandehari said. 

Ghandehari and associate professor of phi-
losophy Monte Johnson organized the People’s 
Assembly rally held in front of Geisel Library.

The 12 p.m. general assembly ran as an orga-
nized meeting. Participants were instructed on 
three hand signals to use to agree, block or show 
uncertainty at a proposal. Blocks, which imme-
diately kill the proposal, were used sparingly. 
Thursday’s agenda covered logistics: deciding on 
a principle of disciplined nonviolence with a pos-
sibility of civil disobedience. Johnson mentioned 
the importance of online communication and 
participation in the movement, noting that many 

have class and other responsibilities to attend and 
would not be physically present at every meeting. 

“Nobody is obligated to come to every meet-
ing,” Johnson said. 

Participants at the Oct. 20 general assembly 
reached a consensus to meet seven days a week 
at noon in front of Geisel Library. According to 
Johnson, each meeting will have a different mod-
erator and will be used to establish subcommit-
tees and a plan of action to support the Occupy 
movements and to address problems with higher 
education. 

After the hour and a half meeting, protesters 
left for a campus march starting in Revelle and 
ending near Center Hall with the chant: “They 
say cutbacks, we say fight back!”

After attending Occupy San Diego rallies, 

Ghandehari and Johnson decided to coordinate 
action across local college campuses in a collec-
tive effort they called “Occupy Higher Education.”

“The Occupy movement is something that 
really articulates this notion of how the educa-
tional system is placing profit before intellectual 
enrichment of future generations,” Ghandehari 
said. “It’s unfair that students have this burden 
and amount of debt they have to pay off. Job pros-
pects are low in this economy and students are 
terrified that their degrees are going to be useless.”

In addition to the concerns of Occupy Wall 
Street, the Occupy Higher Education movement 
emphasizes the effects of Gov. Jerry Brown’s bud-
get cuts to California colleges and universities.

“Higher education is a right and it should not 
depend on someone’s inability or ability to afford 

StudEntS PaRticiPatE in OccuPy ucSd
Students combined college    
grievances with Occupy Wall 
Street demands.

By Rebecca Horwitz
Associate News Editor     Marshall College’s annual concert event, 
Marshallpalooza, has been rescheduled due to 
scheduling conflicts with Hullaballo, an A.S. 
Council-sponsored campus-wide event originally 
scheduled for the same day. Marshallpalooza will 
take place on Thursday, Nov. 17 and Hullabaloo on 
Nov. 18. 
     Marshallpalooza is an annual event held by 
Marshall College. The event typically includes 
rides, a ferris wheel and carnivalesque food.  
      Associate Vice President of Concerts and 
Events Oliver Zhang said the office was unaware of 
Marshallpalooza’s date when planning Hullaballoo. 
      “Nobody informed us when it would 
be,” Zhang said. “There was not enough 
communication between the colleges and us. It 
came as a surprise to all of us that our events were 
on the same day.” 
       Vice Chancellor Penny Rue addressed the issue 
at the A.S. Council meeting Wednesday, Oct. 19. 
       “People like their traditions, but students 
enjoy things like Spirit Night and UnOlympics that 
remind you that you’re a part of something bigger 
than yourself.” 
     According to Marshallpalooza co-chair Young-
Mi Ashworth, the planning committee chose the 
event’s date because it was consistent with last 
year’s date. 
     “We usually try to keep it around the same date 
every year,” Ashworth said. “It wasn’t like we were 

Marshallpalooza 
Rescheduled Due 
to Hullabaloo 
Time Conflict

an uPHiLL 
BattLE

A year after his skiing accident, Randy Ewing is throwing a 
benefit to help other injured athletes. By Mina Nilchian

▶ fOcuS

With his charming smile and ath-letic build, Randy Ewing looks like he belongs on the cover of a 
sports magazine. 

And he actually is — the upside-down 
skier in the middle of a leap on the cover of 
UCSD’s Recreation magazine. A San Diego 
native and great conversationalist, Ewing, 
a fourth year Muir student, is a laid-back 
SoCal athlete-student hybrid, with a slight 

distaste for Nor Cal slang (“Ough!” he said 
in jest at the use of the word “hella”).

You’d probably never be able to tell that 
less than a year ago, Ewing got into a skiing 
accident that left him relearning his most 
basic skills — none of which he can recall.

 “I understand that I had speech therapy 
and had to relearn how to walk, but I don’t 

See MARSHALLPALOOZA, page 3
See RANDY, page 7

Saniya HuSSain/Guardian

it,” Ghandehari said. 
Marshall College freshman Adriana Ochoa 

said she plans on attending all of the general 
assemblies held on campus.

“I appreciate that they want to make their own 
statements, similar to Occupy Wall Street [and] 
that they’re bringing in [the issue of] budget cuts,” 
Ochoa said. “My main concern is fighting against 
budget cuts. As a foster child, I am dependent on 
scholarships and grants.”

The ‘Occupy’ community at UCSD is in the 
process of working on their list of demands. 
According to participant William Johnson, the 
first demand — reached by consensus by the 
Occupy San Diego General Assembly on Oct. 20 
at the San Diego Civic Center — acknowledges 
increasing student loan debt as a response to ris-
ing tuition and demands a bailout of American 
students to forgive student loan debt. 

Ghandehari cited the Oct. 16 Global Day of 
Action as representative of a new model of mass 
civil resistance — referring to the global move-
ment’s spontaneous nature and non-hierarchi-
cal aspect. The international effort was marked 
by ‘Occupy’ demonstrations held in more than 
80 countries, including Jordan, Italy and South 
Korea, in support of Occupy Wall Street.

“It is exciting for our generation that we’re 
entering a new period of social protest, that we 
are recognizing our own ability to speak truth to 
power across the globe,” Ghandehari said. 

According to Vice President of External 
Affairs Samer Naji, despite the support of many 
councilmembers, A.S. Council has not passed a 
resolution to endorse the occupation on campus. 

“The external office supports it — we have 
been working with it and are in support of it,” 
Naji said.

Campus police did not take any precautions 
for Thursday’s rally, though three officers were 
assigned to monitor the event, UCPD spokesper-
son Rex Graham said in an email.

The A.S. External Office is also working with 
the campus Socialist Club to organize a Nov. 9 
day of action.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at n3chan@
ucsd.edu



The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or 
Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded by 
advertising. Butch Margaret loves WWLD.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: focus@ucsdguardian.org

Leisure: leisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

Marketing Assistant
Christine Alabastro

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Distributor
Amanda Ku

Page Layout
Nathan Toung, Janet Hseuh, Praneet Kolluru, 

Arielle Sallai

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Laira Martin

Nicole Chan
Rebecca Horwitz

Margaret Yau

Madeline Mann

Rachel Uda

Nicholas Howe

Mina Nilchian

Ren Ebel

Monica Haider
Emily Pham

Andrew Oh

Nolan Thomas

Rebekah Hwang

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Art Editor

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin

Melody Chern

Development Editor

Design Program Director

2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, OCTOBER 24,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

The Master of Science in Computer Science
America excels at entrepreneurship and the University of San Francisco 
claims one of the top entrepreneurial business schools. USF offers the 
classic MSCS in computer science and software development, along with 
an emphasis in Entrepreneurship. The emphasis blends a classic 
Master’s Program in computer science with MBA courses, including 
Global Product Development and Entrepreneurial Management.

Other Arts and Sciences Master’s Programs:
Asia Pacific Studies ■ Biology ■ Biotechnology ■ Chemistry 
Economics ■ Environmental Management ■ International and 
Development Economics ■ International Studies ■ Public Affairs 
Sport Management ■ Web Science ■ Writing (MFA)

DeTAilS? Call 415.422.5101 or email asgraduate@usfca.edu

APPliCATiOn/infOrMATiOn PACkeT? 
www.usfca.edu/grad/requestinfo

ViSiT TheSe PrOgrAMS AT: www.usfca.edu/asgrad

change the world from here

pursue your

Master’s Degree

COMPILED BY Nicole Chan | associate news editorCURRENTS

UCSD SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA

▶A new study by UCSD researchers found that 
men are funnier than women. The study — which 
was led by postdoctoral researcher Laura Mickels 
— instructed 16 women and 16 men to write 
funny captions to a New Yorker cartoon. Men did 
better than women by 0.11 points. 
 
▶Nearly 100 students from San Diego colleges, 
including UCSD, rallied in downtown San Diego 
on Oct. 20 against the rising cost of education. 
The protesters joined the “Occupy SD” movement 
from City College to Civic Plaza.  
 
▶UCSD hosted its fourth annual All-Campus 
Family Weekend from Oct. 21 - Oct. 23. This 
year’s event was expected to draw more than last 
year’s, in which 1,100 parents, family members 
and students attended.  
 
▶Sadé Diké, Marian H. Nguyen and Adrián Pavía 
from the School of International Relations and 
Pacific Studies were named Robertson Fellows. 
The $450,000 gift from the Robertson Foundation 
for Government provides scholarships and gradu-
ate fellowships to students interested in pursuing 
federal government careers.  

▶More than a dozen San Diego schools could be 
shut down, consolidated or relocated within the 
next year in order to save $500,000 per campus 
to help offset a deficit that could reportedly reach 
$118 million.  
 
▶Jacob Kiss and Jason Giramma, both 19, were 
charged on Oct. 21 with three misdemeanors 
for allegedly trying to rob a Rancho Penasquitos 
convenience store. Kiss, who dressed as Gumby, 
proceeded to rob 7-Eleven after midnight Sept. 5 
and claimed to have a gun. 
 
▶Former San Diego police officer Anthony 
Arevalos, who reportedly let women stopped for 
drunken driving go in exchange for sexual favors, 
faces 21 felony charges that include sexual battery, 
asking for a bribe and assault and battery by an 
officer. His trial began on Oct. 20.  

▶A 26-year-old man was found stabbed Oct. 22 at 
1:45 a.m. San Diego Police said he was stabbed in 
the neck and arm during a street fight. 

 

▶A magnitude 4.0 earthquake and a magnitude 
3.9 earthquake hit Berkeley less than six hours 
apart on Oct. 20, occurring at 2:41 p.m. and 8:15 
p.m., respectively, according to the U.S. Geological 
Survey. 
 
▶California became the nation’s first state to adopt 
a state-regulated cap-and-trade legislation in an 
effort to address climate change and reduce green-
house gas emissions.  
 
▶The California Medical Association is calling 
for the legalization of marijuana. The association 
acknowledges some health risks associated with 
marijuana use, but are proposing it to be regulated 
like alcohol. 

▶A loaded gun undetected by the TSA was found 
on Alaska Airlines Flight 563 at LAX on Oct. 23. 
There were no explosives found in the bag and the 
owner of the gun was released after questioning.

birdland By Rebekah Dyer

Villain and Monkey By Nicole Oliver



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, OCTOBER 24,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

picking a specific date, we were just 
picking a time of year.” 
     Founder’s Day is on Friday, Nov. 
18 as well. Zhang said Hullabaloo 
is being held on Founder’s Day to 
tie the two events together. 
      Ashworth said she is confident 
that students would still attend 
Marshallpalooza on Thursday 

evening. 
     “I think many people go out 
on Thursdays,” Ashworth said. 
“Especially since it’s on Marshall 
Field where people live literally 
right across the way.” 
     Last year, Marshallpalooza was 
rained out on its original date and 
it was later pushed 14 days back. 
Ashworth said her committee 

is taking the date change as a 
challenge. 
“We all felt surprised at first, but 
then we definitely took it more as 
an opportunity,” Ashworth said. 
“The Marshallpalooza Committee 
will make it work.”

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz 
at rahorwit@ucsd.edu.

LIGHTS & SIRENS
Friday, Oct. 14
▶ 2:40 a.m.: Disturbance
The subject was asking too many 
questions about his or her former 
spouse’s whereabouts. Information 
only.
▶ 2:50 a.m.: Disturbance
There was a domestic dispute at South 
Mesa Apartments. Information only.
▶ 5:59 p.m.: Welfare check
There was a suicidal subject at Geisel 
Library. Transported to San Diego 
County Mental Health.
▶ 8:38 p.m.: Welfare check
A young female was sitting in the dirt 
at the intersection of Villa La Jolla 
Drive and Gilman Drive. Gone on 
arrival.
▶ 12:24 p.m.: Disturbance
A pillow fight at I-Walk was causing a 
disturbance. Information only.
 
Saturday, Oct. 15
▶ 12:10 a.m.: Citizen contact
A student lit candles inside Marshall 
Residence Halls. Will cooperate.
▶ 1:43 a.m.: Noise disturbance
A group of people was outside Black 
Hall drinking and talking really loud. 
Filed interview administered.
▶ 1:47 a.m.: Welfare check
The subject’s foot got stuck in the 
door at Revelle Apartments and was 
bleeding. Information only.
▶ 4:30 p.m.: Citizen contact
Possible terrorist threats were made 
on the city bus. Report taken.
 
Sunday, Oct. 16
▶ 12:01 a.m.: Medical aid
A female was passed out in a handicap 
stall at a bathroom in Price Center. 
Medics responded - Checks OK.
▶ 1:02 a.m.: Citizen contact
Two minors at Lot 402 received cita-
tions for possession and use of false 
ID and consumption of alcohol. One 
Transported to Detox, two adult cita-
tions issued.
▶ 7:24 a.m.: Report of battery
A male who was rushing line 

after Something Awesome shut 
down, choked the reporting party. 
Information only.
▶ 11:43 p.m.: Suspicious sound
A possible gunshot or firecracker went 
off at Middle of Muir. Unable to locate. 
 
Monday, Oct. 17
▶ 6 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.: Burglary
A burglar stole $1,000 worth of prop-
erty at La Jolla Del Sol Apartments. 
Report taken.
▶ 11:51 p.m.: Noise disturbance
Someone had the base turned up too 
loud at 1 Miramar Building 1. Will 
cooperate.
 
Tuesday, Oct. 18
▶ 3:46 a.m.: Medical aid
A young male at the intersection of La 
Jolla Shores Drive said he fell down 
a cliff and was requesting medics. 
Transported to hospital.
▶ 9:13 a.m.: Welfare check
An ill female was not responding to 
any of the reporting party’s text mes-
sages. Checks OK.
▶ 9:47 a.m.: Disturbance
A patient was yelling at the staff at 
Shiley Eye Center. Field interview 
administered.
 
Wednesday, Oct. 19
7:48 a.m.: Suspicious person
An adult male who was tampering 
with bicycles at Argo Hall was arrest-
ed. Closed by adult arrest.
11:33 a.m.: Suspicious person
A person who was at Rogers Place 
earlier, returned, making the staff 
uncomfortable. Stay away order 
issued.
6:09 p.m.: Injury
An adult male was bleeding from 
his head and hands because the 
glass doors at Chase Bank shattered 
on him. Transported to Thornton 
Hospital.

— Compiled by Sarah Kang 
Senior Staff Writer

Council Appoints Freshmen, Transfer Senators
By Natalie Covate
Senior Staff Writer

     A.S. Council announced its 
selections of Shahrzad Gustafson, 
Vincent Honrubia and Andrew 
Clark for freshman senator and 
Steven Kim and Dianna Lee as 
transfer senators on Wednesday, 
Oct. 19.
     The freshmen senators want to 
focus on uniting the six colleges 
and ensuring that freshmen have 
the best college experience they 
can.
      “I decided to apply for the 
position of freshman senator 
in an attempt to improve the 
already-outstanding quality of 
life students experience here at 
the University of California, San 
Diego,” Honrubia said in an email. 
“During my term, I will do my 
best to initiate multiple projects 
that will hopefully inspire school 
spirit, class unity and community 
involvement.” 
     Honrubia suggested that A.S. 
Council sponsor and set up booths 
in different areas of campus to help 
direct new students to their classes 

during Welcome Week. Wing said 
this has a lot of potential.
     “I liked this because 
it was doable and unique 
and would really help 
with maneuvering 
around campus,” Wing 
said.
     The new transfer 
senators want to create 
an updated, more 
comprehensive transfer 
orientation similar to the 
freshman orientation, 
instead of one strictly 
focused on academics.
     “One of the projects 
that I would try to 
carry on is the change 
in the format of the 
orientations held for the 
transfer students,” Lee 
said. “It may seem small, 
but orientations serve 
as the “first encounter” 
between the newly admitted 
students and the school.”
     Both of the transfer senators live 
in the Village. A.S. Council believes 
that this will be advantageous to 
their positions.

      “[That way,] they can get more 
transfer involvement and more 

[transfer] representation 
in the Village,” Wing 
said. “[The Village is] 
interesting because they 
have their own location, 
but aren’t necessarily a 
‘college.’” 
      Due to a high 
volume of applications 
— with over 70 freshmen 
applying for three 
positions and 20 transfers 
for two — A.S. Council 
pre-screened applications 
for the first time.    
     Applicants who did 
not include a resume or 
complete the application 
were disqualified; this 
narrowed the candidates 
to 50 freshmen and 15 
transfers. 
     The transfer senators 

were selected after the first round 
of interviews, the senators after the 
second.

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz 
at rahorwit@ucsd.edu.

Marshallpalooza Event Planners Hopeful for High Turn-
▶ MARSHALLPALOOZA, from page 1

“One of the 
projects that 
I would try 
to carry on is 
the change 
int he format 
of 
orientations 
held for the 
transfer 
students.”

dianna LEE
TranSfer SenaTOr

 Join The Guardian
Because ucsD Doesn’t Have a Journalism Program.  



OPINION
Margaret Yau
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONtaCt tHe eDItOr

4 tHe uCSD guarDIaN |  MONDaY, OCtOBer 24,  2011 |  www.uCSDguarDIaN.Org

A couple weeks ago, a dear friend of mine asked me if I was going to NaNoWriMo 
this year. She’s prone to wild abbrevia-
tions — we’re not talking “totes” or 
“def” — but this one was beyond me. 
Could there possibly have existed a 
place, somewhere in this world, and 

presumably within the greater San 
Diego area, by the curious name of… 
NaNoWriMo? 

Obvious answer: no. But there 
could be an elaborate abbreviation 
for National Novel Writing Month. 
She explained the basics (write 50,000 
words in 30 days, drink too much 
coffee, never look back). I nodded. I 
was in. 

The point of NaNoWriMo isn’t to 
churn out the next Gatsby, or Harry 
Potter or — god forbid — Twilight. It’s 
to get down to the actual business of 
writing — not to set up shop at your 
local cafe, Macbook and Moleskine 
at bay and swear that your stroke of 
genius inspiration will hit you — will 
just have to hit you — by the third 
espresso; nor is it to pound the back-
space every six seconds with the hard-
headed belief that you can always 
do better. As my favorite advice col-
umnist might say over at therumpus.
net, the point is simple: to write like a 
motherfucker. 

And to get through 50,000 words 
in just a month, a motherfucker one 
must be. A speedy one, at that: the 
website suggests a pace of about 1,666 
words per day. That’s six double-
spaced pages, or, for anyone keeping 
count, more than three of these col-
umns. On the bright side, apparently 
someone who did NaNoWriMo a few 
years ago got a book deal (Water For 
Elephants, anyone?), then a movie 
deal and then presumably handpicked 
Robert Pattinson for the male lead. 
(Who wouldn’t, for the record, be my 
first choice, but I’m sure we could 
work through creative differences.)

By the looks of the official website, 
the NaNoWriMo staff is a well-mean-
ing gang of walking clichés: people 
who claim to spend entirely too much 
time in vintage bookstores, or entirely 
too much money on espresso mac-
chiato or entirely too many library 
paychecks — you get the point. But 
in addition to all those exasperatingly 
familiar, quirky little bios, they also 
come armed with sound advice. 

They recommend going in with an 
outline, for starters, which isn’t a bad 
idea. Even badass literary renegades 
could probably do well to organize 
their chapters. More than that, 
though, their message reminds me 
of a lesson that stuck from one of my 
first writing courses. 

It’s sometimes hard to quantify 
what you learn as a writing major, but 
there are a few lessons that resonate. 
One of them, two years ago, came 
from a professor who said: you have 
to give yourself permission to write 
the crappy first draft. Only then can 
you move forward. Getting you and 
me and thousands of others to write 
without abandon for a month — run-
ons and split infinitives and all — is 
what NaNoWriMo’s all about.

QuICK taKeS
tHe OBaMa aDMINIStratION prOpOSeD a BaN ON  pOtatOeS IN SCHOOl 

luNCHeS. tHe SeNate reSpONDeD BY refuSINg tHe BaN aND aCCepteD aN 
aMeNDMeNt frOM SeN. SuSaN COllINS tO BlOCK tHe uSDa frOM lIMItINg 

pOtatOeS IN SCHOOlS.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture proposed new guidelines to the U.S. Senate on Oct. 18 
to remove potatoes from school lunches — an 
overbearing demand that screams “nanny state.”

The educational system’s helicopter-parent 
approach to cafeteria food has already gone 
too far with the banned packed lunches at 
Chicago’s Little Village Academy. Principal Elsa 
Carmona requires students to eat in the cafeteria 
to eliminate any soda or junk food that could 
come from home. Upon a visit to the school, 
the Chicago Tribune found wasted food and 
half-eaten lunches in the cafeteria trash cans, 
and students even chanted that the food was 
not good enough. Carmona’s plan is backfir-
ing because students aren’t even eating. Parents 
are also outraged that the school is infringing 
upon their personal choice of how to feed their 
children. This is an example of how the govern-
ment’s one-size-fits-all mandate on nutrition 
hastily prescribes a cure to a problem that is 
more complicated. 

Outrage was also felt when Fairfax County 
banned chocolate milk at their schools in 2010 
and letters poured in from nutritionists insist-
ing that the ban was the wrong decision. After 
endless complaints from parents on robbing 
children of a nutritious drink that their children 
actually liked, Fairfax County actually reversed 
the ban this year. This time, the county intro-
duced a brand of chocolate milk with lower fat 
— a great example of looking to solve a problem 
rather than banning it outright.  

This state intervention has overstepped its 
boundaries in demanding that children not eat a 
natural starch. Time and time again, parents feel 
trumped by the school system on how to feed 
their own children, and the schools should face 
it: it is not their role to police every piece of food 
a student puts in their mouth. 

— Madeline Mann
Associate Opinion Editor

Recently, the Senate voted for an amend-ment that allows unlimited potatoes in 
school lunches — a response to a proposal that 
would limit potato servings. On the surface, it 
seems as if a mutual desire to save French fries 
and tater tots has brought two divided, bicker-
ing parties together. But when senators had a 
chance to improve health amongst the youth, 
they decided to put money, and themselves, 
first.

Collins represents a state known for grow-
ing potatoes. Her background leaves her 
with a deep conflict of interest in the matter 
— despite the benefits of limiting potatoes, 
she is going to fight to keep them in schools. 
Also campaigning for the amendment are fel-
low Maine senator Snowe and senators from 
New Hampshire, Nebraska, Oregon and yes, 
Idaho — all states with strong potato interests. 
According to the Times article about the vote, 
when the first proposal “angered the potato 
industry,” these senators gave hackneyed 
excuses. According to them, the government 
shouldn’t be controlling what children eat and 
should be focusing on the preparation of the 
potatoes in schools, not simply limiting them. 
But of course, that’s not all they care about. 

Because if someone from Maine can 
support the limit, there’s no reason these 
senators can’t. Kevin Concannon, Agriculture 
Undersecretary who also hails from Maine, 
says that the limit is needed “so that millions 
of kids across the nation will receive healthier 
meals,” not to burden the potato industry. 
Collins and the rest of the senators aren’t con-
cerned about the USDA hovering over the food 
our children eat or even for the health of our 
nation’s children — their only interest is in the 
money and votes that come from their states’ 
largest industry.

— Chelsey Davis
Staff Writer

Potato States Have Personal Agendas

French fries may be loaded with cholesterol and saturated fat, but it will take a much 
wider approach than just limiting potatoes to 
solve the problem of unhealthy youth. If we 
want to actively combat life-threatening issues 
such as obesity and type 2 diabetes, we need to 
show students how to make meaningful lifestyle 
changes at an early age.

Banning French fries at school does not nec-
essarily put students on the fast track to healthy 
living. According to the Center for Disease 
Control and Prevention, rest, exercise and diet 
are all factors that contribute to a healthy life-
style. 

Not only do children need to eat junk food in 
moderation, but they also must consume enough 
of all the other food groups according to the 
food pyramid, exercise at least thirty minutes a 
day and sleep seven to eight hours a day. Instead 
of limiting the amount of potatoes in school 
lunches, a variety of food groups including fruits 
and vegetables should be introduced to increase 
nutritional benefits. If students don’t get french 
fries at school, it is likely that they will get them 
at home — the same can hardly be said about 
fruits and veggies. 

Schools need to put in the time to educate 
students at a young age about active and healthy 
practices. While most elementary schools have 
short, two-week units on health education, these 
programs generally only begin at sixth grade and 
place heavy emphasis on reproductive health. 
According to the Center for Learning, childhood 
habits develop and continue to affect brain func-
tion and refinement throughout life into old age. 
Enforcing a type of ground-up education will 
teach students to make their own healthy life-
style choices — ones that are likely to stick. 

A potato ban is simply the easy way out of a 
complicated problem.

— Revathy Sampath-Kumar
Staff Writer

A Healthy Lifestyle Comes FirstSchools Can’t Control Student Lunches

According to the state of California and Proposition 215 passed in 1996, medical marijuana is legal. 
According to the federal government, it 
is not — a problematic paradox that has 
prompted battles over medical marijuana 
dispensaries across the Golden State.

As any political science student can tell 
you, federal law trumps state law. Every sin-
gle time. Under the Supremacy Clause, all 
state judges must follow federal law when a 
conflict arises between state and federal law. 

One would then assume that in the face 
of a statewide crackdown, announced by 
federal authorities on Oct. 7, the marijuana 
dispensaries are more or less defenseless.

But that’s where it gets confusing.
Long before October’s sudden crack-

down, the federal government attempted 
to bring clarity to the issue. In 2009, U.S. 
Deputy Attorney General David W. Ogden 
wrote a memo stating that the Department 
of Justice is committed to enforcing the 
Controlled Substances Act in all states. He 
also added the Congressional determina-
tion that marijuana is a highly dangerous 
drug and illegal in all states.

Yet the memo went on to say that it 
wouldn’t bother businesses in compli-
ance with their own state laws. Because of 
this, the number of dispensaries grew in 
California — reportedly outnumbering 
Starbucks in some neighborhoods by the 
end of last year. There are over 1,000 dis-

pensaries in Los Angeles alone.
Now the Obama administration is expe-

riencing a change of heart. In San Diego, 
United States Attorney for the Southern 
District of California Laura E. Duffy sent 
hundreds of letters to medical marijuana 
dispensaries and their landlords, warning 
them of criminal and civil penalties unless 
they close down within 45 days. 

But exactly which businesses are 
threatened remains vague. The feds could 
be exclusively targeting dispensaries less 
than 600 feet away from schools. Or ones 
that make a large profit. Or maybe, as one 
Justice Department official said, just large 
cultivation centers.

It is doubtful that landlords are taking 
these threats seriously. The Bush adminis-
tration sent similar letters to landlords five 
years ago, and nothing ever came of it. 

Past problems aside, the federal govern-
ment’s new policy needs more specificity. 
If medical marijuana is going to exist in 
California — including the possibility of 
legalization in the future — then clear regu-
lations, which the federal government can 
respect, need to be put in place.

California shouldn’t be accused of doing 
medical marijuana wrong without receiv-
ing the guidance on how to do it right. The 
District of Columbia and 15 other states 
have passed acts similar to Proposition 215. 

Smoked Out

See Weed, page 5

Sorting out the medical marijuana mess in California will 
take far more than just fighting for legalization.

BY arIelle SallaI • MaNagINg eDItOr

At Wit’s
   End
trevOr COx

trevorcox@ucsd.edu

More Espresso 
than Moleskine: 
NaNoWriMo’s 
Race to Write

jeffrey lau/Guardian



tHe uCSD guarDIaN |  MONDaY, OCtOBer 24,  2011 |  www.uCSDguarDIaN.Org 5

Dear Editor,
The policeman’s crystal ball 

may say that after-the-fact investiga-
tion “revealed that in many cases 
assassins often use campus internet 
to stalk individuals.” And that Cho’s 
opened emails would have “prevent-
ed tragedies like Virginia Tech from 
happening again.” 

But the Virginia Tech massacre/
suicide doesn’t support the theory 
that on-campus emails should be 
monitored by police.

Around 7:15 a.m. on April 16, 
2007, Cho killed two students, 
Emily J. Hilscher and Ryan C. 
“Stack” Clark, on the fourth floor 
of a high-rise co-educational dormi-
tory. Within the next two and a half 
hours, Cho returned to his room to 
re-arm himself and mailed a pack-
age to NBC News that contained 
pictures, digital video files and 
documents. Around 9:45 a.m., Cho 
crossed the campus to Norris Hall, 
a classroom building on the campus 
where, in a span of nine minutes, he 
shot dozens of people, killing 32 of 
them. As police breached the area of 
the building where Cho attacked the 
faculty and students, Cho committed 
suicide in Norris 211 with a gunshot 
to his temple.

Nine minutes was the time 
which elapsed between the time 
the police got the 911 call, and the 
time they “broached the area of the 
building” (had Cho put a padlock on 
the doors?).  I’m sure that the police 
weren’t trying to put a spin on the 
time frame (the 911 call was made 
apparently only after the attack had 
been well in progress). Had they fol-
lowed proper police procedures 
they’d have put the entire campus on 
lockdown; they knew that a double 
murder had been committed and 

that the shooter was still “out there.” 
 —Richard Thompson

Alumnus ‘83

Dear Editor,
Regarding: “The Occupy Wall 

Street Movement,” from the view 
of social-psychology, these national 
manifestations are a result of the 
piano man versus cop syndrome or 
creatively and obedience. More sim-
ply, the protest can be described as 
inherent to society’s pressure valve of 
conflict and order. 

So, what’s new? We have been 
down this road for the past ten thou-
sand plus years. But, here’s the twist. 
As members of the human species, 
we are genetically programmed to 
resist. 

It remains a false notion to feign 
control since everyone squirms 
while led to the gallows. Just ask 
Lt. Calley and Commander Loyld 
Bucker. The protesters have morally 
legitimate concerns just as those 
before them, naming Martin Luther 
King Jr., Bobby Kennedy and Cesar 
Chavez. 

Only the fools among us believe 
in order and control. When the 
tables are turned, we all are in the 
same boat. 

 —Daniel J. Smiechowski
San Diego Resident 

Proper Police 
Procedures Needed

letterS tO tHe eDItOr

Occupy Protesters 
Continue to Resist

CROSSHATCHED By Samantha Sligh

There must be a state that California could emulate.
The federal government’s ambiguity has, however, 

helped solidify California’s medical marijuana mess in 
the first place. Though Proposition 215 made medical 
marijuana legal in California 15 years ago, the idea of the 
dispensary wasn’t legal until Senate Bill 420 went into effect 
in Jan. 2004. SB420 allows patients to form medical cultiva-
tion “collectives” or “cooperatives,” the only condition being 
that the collectives are non-profit.

But take a look at the popular smart phone application 
“Weed Maps” today and it’s evident: Their legalization may 
have been recent, but medical marijuana dispensaries have 
exploded in California. There are hundreds in San Diego 
alone, creating a quasi-legal medical marijuana culture in 
the state, where getting a weed card takes an hour, 40 bucks 
and a weak excuse and hitting up a dispensary is as much 
of an errand as going to the grocery store.

By contrast, take a look at New Jersey. Under the New 

Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana Act passed 
last year, only six geographically scattered dispensaries 
are allowed to operate in the entire state. There’s a limit to 
how much patients can buy every month and to the level 
of THC, while patients can only receive recommendations 
from doctors they have real relationships with — not one 
that specializes in marijuana recommendations and hands 
them out through a web cam (a common practice here). 

California is a very different state. Even with legitimate 
patients relying on weed for their illnesses, the medical 
marijuana system has become something so much more 
than that. It’s treated as something that isn’t exactly a medi-
cine; Treated like your standard over-the-counter drug, the 
medical marijuana system would be like New Jersey’s.

In its current form, California’s medical marijuana is 
a lot closer to full-frontal legalization. So if that’s what the 
state really wants, then we should fight for it. But if we’re 
sticking with medicine, concessions will have to be made.

Readers can contact Arielle Sallai at asallai@ucsd.edu.

▶ Weed, from page 4

Clarity is Key to Sorting Out Medical Marijuana 

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.



remember,” Ewing said.
Last Thanksgiving, Ewing and his family took a ski trip to Mammoth 

Mountain. 
“The last thing I remember is parking the car,” Ewing said. 
After spending some time on the slopes, he tried a new trick, called the 

“Cork 720,” and succesfully landed it about 10 times
But on his next try, something went wrong. It’s the part of his brother’s 

recorded video of that day that Ewing still has a hard time watching.
Instead of landing flat, Ewing’s skis dug sideways into the ground. His 

lower body planted firmly in the snow, and his upper body lurched forward 
in full speed. He fell forward, his head landing full force into hard ice.

“I was knocked out, and I went into a pretty severe seizure,” Ewing, a 
Cognitive Science major, explained. “I had an acute subdural hemorrhage, 
which is an injury that actually can kill you.”

Ewing managed to escape death. He was rushed to a nearby hospital and 
fell into a coma on the way there. He was then airlifted to another hospital, 
and after a few days transferred to San Diego. He began his rehabilitation in 
mid-December, which, for the most part, has been successful.

While being able to regain most of his pre-accident skills, he sometimes 
has trouble remembering small things like names and passwords. 

“Around 5 percent of the damage is supposed to be irreversible,” Ewing 
said. “That’s fine, I can take 95 percent.”

Though it was a trying time for both him and his family, Ewing’s devel-
oped a sense of humor when looking back at his ordeal. When he came out 
his coma, he explained that he was a little bit difficult.

“I was very, very, very confused,” he said. “According to stories I’ve been 
told, I managed to escape the hospital bed. I ripped out my air tube, made 
it a little ways down the hall before I was found and stopped.”

Then there were his alternate identities. When repeatedly asked who he 
was by doctors, Ewing would take on different characters — one time he 
insisted that he was a Japanese man, another time that he was Harry Potter.

“Actually, the logic makes sense,” Ewing said. “I was in the hospital a lot, 
and so was Harry Potter, so I thought I must be Harry Potter.”

Despite his enduring positivity — and his ability to poke fun at himself 
— Ewing’s journey has had its road bumps.v

Because of the accident, he had to miss the entirety of Winter Quarter 
— something that the energetic athlete had a hard time dealing with.

“I don’t think I was in a good mental place to go back, looking back 
now,” he said. “But I really thought I was.”

He also found himself frustrated with the disorientation of his body 
after the accident. It took a while for him to be able to regain proper bal-
ance, and a condition called “intention tremors” on his left side made it 
difficult for him to coordinate his limbs.

“I just felt really broken,” Ewing said in a rare somber moment, explain-
ing how even a simple task could have been a daunting endeavor. “Stairs 
were the scariest thing ever.”

But Ewing hardly moped around. He sat in on O-Chem lectures to pre-
pare himself for his spring quarter return, and also went back to his job at 

Outback Adventures. Through Outback, Ewing began working on his big 
project. Before he had left for his skiing trip, he had received emails from a 
foundation called High-Five to screen films at UCSD.

“Since I had to leave work, those emails didn’t get answered,” Ewing said. 
After he returned, inspired by the recovery of his recent injury, he brought 
some big ideas back to UCSD.

High-Five is a Tahoe-Based non-profit organization dedicated to raising 
money and awareness for athletes who have suffered a life-altering injury.

“There are people for whom sports are their passions, that’s what they 
live for,” he said. “Some of these kids don’t have any form of financial back-
ing. They’re living out of their cars in order to pursue their passion, and 
they can get pretty severely injured with no backup or support.”

He’s spent the past several months planning an event fundraiser for 
High-Five, expanding the planned screening to also include the CR 
Johnson Foundation, which provides scholarships and resources for ath-
letes in helping them recover from sports injuries.

In a double feature for UCSD athletes, the event will be screening Red 
Bull’s highly anticipated “Art of Flight,” as well as famous skier Tanner Hall’s 
“Retallack.” Tanner Hall, who has suffered from his fair share of sports 
related injuries, will also be making an appearance.

After diligently contacting several different companies, Ewing’s also 
accumulated a small wealth of sports goods to raffle off, including Armada 

skis, a GoPro camera, high quality helmets, and even a pass donated by the 
people who run Mammoth Mountain, whom he thanks for saving his life.

 “If you don’t come, you’re a really mean person,” Ewing said about the 
event, which will also feature live music and free goods.

 Going through the logistics that it takes to run something as big as what 
he’s got planned was no easy feat. But Ewing says that the work keeping him 
busy was a blessing that helped him power through what would otherwise 
be an idle recovery period. 

As for skiing — he’s not done with the sport. He wasy shaky during his 
first return to the slopes, but has been slowly improving. Ewing says that the 
accident has taught him how important his hobby is to him.

“You have to have something to be passionate about,” he said. “Otherwise 
there’s no point to life.”

The “Get Back at It!” double feature will take place on Nov. 10 in the 
Price Center Movie Theater.

Readers can contact Mina Nilchian at mnilchia@ucsd.edu.

6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, OCTOBER 24,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

FOCUS
MINA NILCHIAN
focus@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

features

A GOOD 
SpORT

▶ Randy from page 1

After a traumatic accident, 
Randy Ewing is lucky 

to be alive, but recovery’s 
slippery slope hasn’t 

stopped him 
from spreading 

his good fortune. 

By Mina Nilchian 
• Focus Editor

“Around 5 percent  of  the 
damage is supposed to be 
irreversible. That’s fine, I can 
take 95 percent.”

NolaN Thomas/guardian



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, OCTOBER 24,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

S T U D E N T  D I S C O U N T  W I T H  T H I S  A D !
C O M E  B Y  E I T H E R  O F
 O U R  2  L O C A T I O N S !  

8 6 5 7  V i l l a  L a  J o l l a  D r i v e  " i n s i d e  t h e  m a l l  a b o v e  t h e  T h e a t e r "
8 6 5 0  G e n e s e e  A v e ,  " N e x t  t o  t h e  P o s t  O f f i c e  a b o v e  B r i s t l e  F a r m s "     C o s t a  V e r d e  C e n t e r

Looking for a great pharmacy school?

Look no 
further than 

the University of
Michigan.

Meet some alumni of California universities who recently enrolled 
as University of Michigan PharmD students. 1. Financial support unequalled by any

other U.S. pharmacy school.
2. Outstanding pay.
3. Job security in economically uncertain

times.
4. Unlimited opportunities to improve

people’s lives.
5. Unparalleled career choices.
6. Continuous growth potential.
7. Life and career mobility.

8. The prestige of owning a degree from
one of America’s top-ranked pharmacy
schools.

9. Membership in an influential alumni
network spanning the globe.

10. The power to apply medical knowl-
edge at the forefront of technological 
innovation.

11. Small class size to maximize individual-
ized educational experiences.

12. One-to-one learning with world-
renowned faculty.

Every year, UCSD graduates choose the PharmD Program at the Universityof Michigan College of Pharmacy. In fact, nearly 20 percent of ourPharmD enrollment is comprised of alumni from California universities. 
What accounts for Michigan’s popularity among Golden Staters? First, 

we are consistently ranked among America’s top pharmacy schools. Secondly,
we consider a lot more than GPA and PCAT scores when evaluating your
application.

Earn your bachelor’s degree at UCSD, and then earn your PharmD at U-M.
That’s what many UCSD students do every year.

To learn more about the PharmD Program at Michigan, visit our Web site at
www.umich.edu/~pharmacy. Or contact the College of Pharmacy at 734-764-7312 or
at mich.pharm.admissions@umich.edu.

Still looking for a reason to make Michigan your pharmacy school? Consider these:

Your future never looked brighter.

INFOCUS DECORATED RECYCLING BINS

To Sixth College fourth year Jordan Liss and his team of artists, campus art should be more than just teddy bears and giraffe 
catchers — they want you to enjoy your daily fix 
of color every time you recycle your water bottle. 

During his sophomore year, Liss was inspired 
by the new Chicano mural take on his own 
project and give UCSD undergraduate artists a 
chance to express their creativity.

Liss drafted a proposal to get funding from 
the Green Initiative Fund, a grant provided by 
the Sustainability Resource Center. It took over 
a year to draft the grant and get permission to 

paint the recycling cans from the administration 
of University City. 

Liss, an Environmental Studies major, says the 
project also attracts students to the recycling cans, 
encouraging them to be mindful about what they 
throw away.

For Sixth College Senior Emmanuel Pantoja, 
an artist that Liss found through an organization 
called the Art Community Club, it was establish-
ing a lasting legacy on the UCSD campus that 
encouraged him to take on the feat.

“When the opportunity to paint something on 
campus [came up], something that will be here 

for ever and ever, it got me excited,” Pantoja said. 
“What’s really cool about them is that they have a 
plaque, so my name is actually on that plaque. I’ll 
be here forever.”

Pantoja’s painted recyling bin was recently 
vandalized, which was heartbreaking for the dili-
gent artist. But even in its broken state, the recy-
cling bin has brought the community together — 
following the vandalism, passers-by wrote notes 
of condolences on the bin. Pantoja is also plan-
ning to create another, even more extravagantly 
painted recycling bin to add to the collection.

Liss and the artists at ACC are excited about 

the success of their creation. He says that the 
project built new bridges between undergradu-
ates and administrators of University City, paving 
the way for future projects.

“The whole purpose of this was to see how 
easy it was to do public art at the university,” Liss 
said.

The six recycling bins can be found around 
Café Roma and Price Center.

-MINA NILCHIAN
FOCUS EdItOr

RobeRT asami/guardian



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY,  OCTOBER 24,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

CAMPUS 10.24-10.30
CALENDAR

ETHEL STRING 
QUARTET @

THE LOFT • 8pm

TUE10.25

MON10.24
2pm
UCSD FOOD WEEK EXPO/MIXER – 
PRICE CENTER EAST BALLROOM – FREE
Food Day! at UC San Diego is actually Food 
Week! This event kicks off a series of 
sustainable food events to be held this 
week. Come visit the expo/mixer and learn 
from a variety of sustainable food vendors 
and organizations. (858) 534-1955 or 
hhagues@ucsd.edu

6pm
GROW! FOOD WEEK MOVIE SCREENING 
– PRICE CENTER – FREE

Food Day is October 24th! Learn more 
about the food sustainability movement by 
attending the Premier showing of Grow!  
(858) 534-1955 or hhagues@ucsd.edu

7:30pm 
CAMERA LUCIDA MUSIC PERFORMANCE 
– CONRAD PREBYS MUSIC CENTER, 
UCSD - $25

San Diego’s premiere chamber music 
series Camera Lucida performs works by 
Debussy, Respighi and Richard Rodney 
Bennett. (858) 534-4830 or 
dsutro@ucsd.edu

 

THU10.27
12:30pm
THERAPY DOGS – THE ZONE (PC 
PLAZA) - FREE
Studies show that petting a dog lowers 
stress, and our canine companions prove it 
every time by putting smiles on faces. Join 
us at The Zone as we bring in therapy dogs 
from the organization Love on a Leash each 
week from 1:30 pm to 2:30 pm. As always, 
there is no cost or commitment 
involved…just walk in, get some love, then 
cruise along with your day! (858) 610-2479 
or gtang@ucsd.edu

7pm
FOOVIES (FOOD + MOVIE): LA GRAINE 
EL LE MULET – THE LOFT - $24 FOR 
STUDENTS
Winner of Césars for Best Film and Best 
Director, this is a deeply felt portrait of the 
lives of immigrant workers and their 
families in present day France. (858) 
534-TIXS (8497) or artpower@ucsd.edu

SAT10.29
7am
ROCK CLIMBING – MISSION GORGE – $35 
FOR STUDENTS
Meet at the Outback Rental Shop near Pepper 
Canyon. Learn to rock climb! (858) 534-0684 or 
steale@ucsd.edu

11:00pm – 4:00am
14TH ANNUAL MASQUERADE BALL – SAN 
DIEGO HARBOR - $36 
Come one, come all to UCSD Circle K’s 14th 
annual Masquerade Ball: Halloween Edition! 
Dress code: Halloween Costume or Semi-formal. 
Tickets available at UCSD Box Office. All 
proceeds benefit the Pediatric Trauma Program!  
www.ucsdcki.org/2011masqueradeball/ or 
zenath2@gmail.com 

TUE 10.25
10am
UCSD BLOOD DRIVE – LIBRARY WALK
Lives depend on it. UCSD Blood Drive, October 25 & 
26, 2011 from 10:00a.m. to 3:30p.m., Bloodmobile 
on Library Walk. (858) 534-0286 or 
tsnee@ucsd.edu

1pm
JAMES LUNA, TRANSFORMING ART SPACES 
LECTURE – UCSD VISUAL ARTS CENTER – FREE

World-renowned artist James Luna’s work is 
described as “transforming art spaces into 
battlefields.” Luna aims to create art that is true 
without desecrating sacred aspects of Native 
American rituals. (858) 822-7755 or 
sghanbari@ucsd.edu  

8:00pm
ETHEL PERFORMANCE – THE LOFT, UCSD - $5 
FOR STUDENTS
Crank up the intensity, and throw in some 
improvisation and you’ll get one of New York’s most 
daring string quartet sensations. (858) 534-TIXS 
(8497) or artpower@ucsd.edu

WED10.26
5pm
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS GRADUATE SCHOOL 
FAIR – GREAT HALL
Are you interested in a career focused on international 
affairs? Come meet reps from top international affairs 
graduate degree programs! Nineteen APSIA schools 
(Association of Professional Schools of International 
Affairs) will be in attendance. (858) 534-5914 or 
smcummings@ucsd.edu

8pm
ARTPOWER! FILM SCREENING – THE LOFT, UCSD - 
$8

ArtPower! Film and the San Diego Asian Film Fest 
present “Oxhide 2,” a dryly humorous, intelligent and 
insightful film deconstructing the dynamics of a family in 
crisis. (858) 822-3199 or athomas@ucsd.edu 

FRI10.28
9am
POWERPOINT: BREAKTHROUGH 
PRESTENTATIONS – BIOMEDICAL LIBRARY
Learn the do’s and don’ts of presentation 
effectiveness and how to impress your audience with 
a well-timed balance of speech and visual 
communication. 

(858) 534-3255 or ematwijkow@ucsd.edu

1:30pm
ZUMBA CLASSES – THE ZONE (PC PLAZA) – FREE

Get into The Zone every Friday for free Zumba classes 
from 1:30 – 2:15 pm. These great calorie-burning, 
body-energizing, awe-inspiring movements based on 
Latin rhythms. Zumba trims and strengthens your 
core, and it’s a blast! (858) 610-2479 or 
gtang@ucsd.edu

get

more exposure = higher attendamce
for free... =)

listed...
get

listed...
get

listed...
get

every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar

SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY,  OCTOBER 24,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 9

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

HOUSING
$500 Two Bedrooms/Shared Bathrooms Available 
Now. Mira Mesa house has two bedrooms, both with 
shared bathrooms available to rent!! $500 monthly 
rent including utilities (water, gas/electric, high-
speed/wireless Internet, cable TV and washer/dryer) 
$500 deposit. No pets, drugs or smoking please! The 
bedrooms are roughly 10x10, has a wall length clos-
et. Full sized bed and/or small couch (turns into full 
bed) available for use. The rooms are located upstairs 
and downstairs (in a Single Family Home, with total 
of 5 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms). The house has 
a large backyard, fireplace, washer & dryer, heat-
ing, dining area, and large kitchen. It is located 
about 2 miles from Mira Mesa Mall, Starbucks, Target 
Shopping Center, the Mira Mesa Rec Center and the 
Mira Mesa Public Library is close by. Camino Ruiz 
Park and Lopez Ridge Park are both less than 1 mile 
from the house. Commuting to UCSD campus is 
10-15 minutes. I know, because I graduated from 
UCSD (Thurgood Marshall College) years ago. :) 
The house will be shared with one elderly Filipino 
couple (age 70s) , 1 Filipina female roommate (age 
early 30s), one White male (age early 30s) and 
three indoor-only Siamese cats. Please note that a 
female, student roommate is preferred. Please leave 
a message at 858-752-7343 or reply to this ad for 
more information. Serious inquiries, please. Thank 
you. Reply  online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to 
Listing ID: 13465066

Upgraded Townhouse 2br/2ba +den. Gourmet 
kitchen - $2550. Call Now: 858.551.6630. Highly 
upgraded, end-unit townhome in a quiet, park-
like location across from the ponds & gazebo in 
the Woodlands. Open, 3-story floor plan featuring 
2BR/2BA plus a large den, volume ceilings, gorgeous 
hardwood flooring, 2 large decks, and a fireplace. 
Gourmet kitchen offering granite slab countertops, 
travertine flooring & a balcony. Master suite & den 
are privately situated on the upper level. Unit offers 
laundry in the 2-car garage. Convenient, central 
location near UCSD, freeways, shops & restaurants. 
Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to 
Listing ID: 13573356

Room for rent 525 per month at La Jolla Palms. 
I’m a second year female looking for a clean, chill 
roommate to share the master bedroom with, pref-
erably female. We have two other roommates shar-
ing another bedroom, both female. The master 
bedroom includes a walk-in closet and bathroom. 
The apartment is a five minute drive to UCSD and 
a two-minute walk to get to the bus-stop for UCSD. 
It’s right off of Lebon Drive and Nobel Drive. Walking 
distance to the local marketplace. Reply online at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 13580140

$750 NEED PERSON TO FILL ROOM. 2nd largest 
bedroom in three bedroom condo available for rent 
ASAP for hopefully the rest of the year plus sum-
mer months (lease ends Sept.) (will consider a few 
months; ask me). Condo has a full kitchen, washer/
dryer indoors, jacuzzi. Five minute walk to the sec-
ond Arriba campus shuttle stop. Same distance to 
shopping center including Vons, Tapioca Etc, Los 
Primos Mexican Restaurant, tanning salon, etc. UCSD 
preferred, but fair interviews for all. Reply online at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 13578649

SERVICES
Earn $15,000+ Compensation - Physician and 
Attorney seek a well-rounded, healthy, and intel-
ligent woman to help create their family through 
egg donation. No hair or eye color preference, but 
must be between the ages of 21-27. All expenses 
paid. Contact us through: info@aperfectmatch.com 
or call 1-800-264-8828 

crossword
Housekeeper Nanny - $9. Looking for Part time/Full 
time nanny and housekeeper. Driving a must, to pick 
up kids from school and take to classes. Assistance 
with light housework and company for grandma. 
Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to 
Listing ID: 13239701

FOR SALE
THE LEGEND OF THE LARGE-PENISED WHITE MALE 
- $13.43 by El Muy Lorenzo. Paperback: $13.43 
directly from http://www.createspace.com/3677369, 
or http://www.amazon.com ebooks: $2.99 Amazon 
Kindle and Barnes & Noble NOOK. Reply online at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 1358697

‘01 Audi A4 1.8T Quattro. 5-speed with low mile-
age - $6750. Low mileage & lots of fun to drive! 2001 
Audi A4 1.8L 4-cyl. Turbo with quattro all-wheel 
drive & 5-speed manual transmission. 93k miles. 
Good/excellent condition. Well maintained & reli-
able, Always garaged, Looks & runs great, No acci-
dents, One owner, Very clean interior. Bose premium 
sound, Universal transmitter, Split rear seats, Xenon 
headlamps, Fog Lamps, anti-theft & more! Priced 
below Kelley Blue Book. $6750/ first reasonable offer. 
Visit http://www.chanda.net/audi for more informa-
tion or call/email for a test drive. Don’t miss this one! 
call: (858) 779-4248 email: audilj@gmail.com Reply 
online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 
13477733

2 SD Zoo OR SD Safari Park tickets (1 day admission) 
- $50. Hello all, selling two tickets, 1-day admission, 
to San Diego Zoo or the Safari Park for $50 total. 
Will not sell tickets separately, must buy both for 
50 bucks. also..not sure if you can park hop, you 
will have to find that out. Expires 10/31/12. Reply 

online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 
13570787

JOBS
iPhone Game Coder & Graphic Designer - My job 
requirements are that you are able to work with 
is 2d isometric, objective c and xcode for my cur-
rent project. I am looking for a programmer and 
designer, these are the skills of each I am looking 
for: Programmer - objective C, Cocoa, iphone, ipad, 
xcode. Designer - photoshop, graphic design, 2d 
3d, maya, 3ds max, modeling, animation. I would 
like to see your prior work and apps you have cre-
ated. Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to 
Listing ID: 13580103

Editorial internship at a Fast Growing Startup with 
Potential to Grow. Would you like to experience 
what’s involved in the editorial process of a success-
ful online news site in a hands-on manner? We’re a 
San Diego based start-up & leaders in the rapidly 
growing crowdsourcing space & we’re looking for an 
aspiring editor with exceptional writing and editing 
skills, sharp analytic skills, meticulous attention to 
detail, and factual accuracy. Let us know if you’re 
someone with a passion for writing and editing. 
Required Hours - 15 - 40 hours a week, Flexible 
with schedule and can work remotely if necessary 
at times, This internship is unpaid. A full time posi-
tion may be offered based on performance. Reply 
online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 
13579303

Home Help - $9. I work at UCSD and am looking 
for help at home - run errands, pick up kids from 
school and light housework. Am flexible with the 
schedule. Email for more information. Reply online at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 13580064

POST FOR FREE AT

ONL I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  BOTH !

YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com POST FOR FREE AT

POST FOR FREE AT

ONL I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  BOTH !
ONL I N E ,  P R I N T,
OR  BOTH !

YES YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ CLASSIFIEDS

PEOPLE

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

 STILL READ

madeoorrddmadedmadeeert your vision,our mission.
The Associated Students Store

Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

ACROSS
1 Eve’s youngest
5 Special __: military force
8 Priest’s place
13 Trojan War epic
15 “The __”: placekicker Lou Groza’s nick-

name
16 Dog
17 Wealthy relative
19 Sidekick who rode Scout
20 Bagel flavoring
21 Rio automaker
23 Bones partner
24 Emulate Muhammad Ali
27 Free, as legal work
31 Author Fleming
32 Titled woman
33 Older but __
36 Dean’s list factor: Abbr.
39 Father-son talk, e.g.
43 D.C. bigwig
44 Annually
45 Jason’s vessel
46 Had some grub
47 Leave high and dry
50 Assembled in a makeshift manner
55 North Carolina university
56 Fed. loan guarantor
57 Take turns
62 Bank takebacks, briefly
64 Get-together for the starts of 17-, 24-, 

39- and 50-Across?
66 Used a prie dieu
67 Many, many moons
68 Coach : athlete :: __ : student
69 When tripled, and so on
70 Gun lobby org.
71 Rockwell or Gothic

DOWN
1 32-Acrosses’ spouses
2 Nobelist Wiesel

3 Nervous spasms
4 “Very funny!”
5 Non-Rx
6 Oktoberfest dance
7 Make welcome
8 On-target
9 Let out a few notches in
10 Toy truck brand
11 When Ophelia drowns
12 River at Arles
14 Disney pachyderm
18 One of the noble gases
22 French farewell
25 Alamo hero
26 Part of V.F.W.
27 Commonly e-mailed files, for short
28 Porterhouse order
29 Arabian sultanate
30 Golfer Hogan
34 “This __ ripoff!”
35 Scrawny one
36 Prepare, as for action
37 Walt Kelly’s possum
38 Soon, poetically
40 “K-K-K-__”: 1918 song
41 Batik artisans
42 __ Francisco
46 Composer Schoenberg
48 Arctic floater
49 Take in from a pet shelter
50 Beef __: dried meat
51 Kagan who replaced Stevens on the 

Supreme Court
52 Enticed, with “in”
53 “Peer Gynt” dramatist
54 Croc’s cousin
58 Drawn tight
59 Culturally pretentious
60 ‘Vette roof option
61 Brontë’s “Jane __”
63 RR depot
65 Literary collection



10 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M o N DAy,  o C To B E R  24,  2011 |  w w w. U C S D G UA R D I A N . o R G

UCSD

SIGN UP

GET INFORMED

 FOR THE Campus emergency alertnotification system.
Voicemail and text message
sent to your phone.

http://blink.ucsd.edu/go/emergencyphonereg

60,000 eyes & other good reasons.
Call 858-534-3467 to reserve your spot!

ucsdguardian.org

Why Advertise in
the Guardian?

Reser
ve

for ne
xt

quarte
r!



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M o N DAy,  o C To B E R  24,  2011 |  w w w. U C S D G UA R D I A N . o R G  11

This past weekend, San Carlo Honda Gresini Moto GP rider Marco Simoncelli was involved in a three-
rider crash in the first few laps of the Malaysian 

Grand Prix. Marco went down in front of 
fellow riders Valentino Rossi and Colin 
Edwards. Edwards could not avoid the crash 
and collided with Simoncelli, pushing the 
trapped Simoncelli into Rossi’s path. Rossi hit 
Simoncelli but managed to stay on his bike, 
while Edwards managed to walk away with 
only a dislocated shoulder.

Simoncelli did not get up. As the red flag 
waved, announcers reassured onlookers not to 
jump to conclusions as Simoncelli lay on the 
track, and the cameras focused on the riders 
and the confusion in the pit lane.

Rushed to the hospital, Simoncelli was pro-
nounced dead after 45 minutes of CPR failed to 
revive him due to head, neck and chest injuries 
sustained in the crash.

This comes after Simoncelli’s best outcome 
in his burgeoning GP career — a second place 
to Casey Stoner at Phillip Island and a remark-
able pass in the last lap of the Repsol Honda 
race.

Simoncelli had a go big or go home attitude 
all year, crashing out of several races but plac-
ing over other MotoGP “aliens” like Doizioso 
and Rossi several times. Many believed he too 
would enter into this “alien” status in MotoGP, 
as he had two poles and two podiums this 
year — his rookie year — and was looking 
for another at Sepang. His pure speed and the 
maturity he was beginning to show for not only 
pushing, but knowing when to let others push 
themselves out of a race, promised potential.

Andrea Dovizioso raced with Simoncelli 
since the two were young, and remembers his 
friend’s racing style. “I saw him always push-
ing to the maximum, he crashed many times, 
but without major injuries, he was seemed 
invincible,” Dovizioso said in a Honda Racing 
Corporation press release. “What happened 
today seems impossible.”

Indeed, in the many crashes this year, the 
lanky Italian cut a comical scene; his long limbs 
splayed out as he tumbled to a stop and always 
hopped right back up. Irrascible and extremely 
aggressive, he was loved by his fans and often 
villainized by those he crossed. But everyone 
respected him and his immense talent. 

The Italian rider was a precocious rising 
star and our prayers go out to his family and 
those closest to him.

Arrivederci, 
Simoncelli
MotoGP loses a rising star.

defenseless Cal State Dominguez Hills.
Game one got off to a rocky start, with the 

lead changing hands several times before the 
Tritons hit their stride and distanced them-
selves from the Toros. 

After the first few points UCSD held the 
lead with solid play, ending with senior hitter 
Roxanne Brunsting making a definitive kill to 
finish off game one 17-25.

Junior outside hitter Natasha Wilroy got 
game two off to a good start with some great 
kill defense and a diving one-handed save, 
giving the Tritons their first point of the game. 

Senior outside hitter Hillary Williamson 
quickly supported her defensively active team-
mate with two great heads-up plays to put the 
Tritons in the lead 3-1, a position they would 
hold in every game through the end of the 
match. 

The rest of game two was a battle for 
the Tritons. Freshman middle hitter Lauren 

Demos had two total whiffs after good sets 
from her teammates, but followed these up 
with good defensive play and three kills. The 

freshman seemed to get 
her head down and on 
several occasions stole 
balls Condon had called 
for herself, bringing the 
team out of position.

The erratic play 
stood in contrast to 
Condon’s consistency. 
The senior kept a level 
head, distributing balls 
well with excellent court 
vision and setting up the 
game point with a bril-
liant dink over the Toro 
defenders.

Game three was a 
true test for the young 

Triton team, as head coach Ricci Luyties made 
a line change late in the game, bringing on 

four freshmen: Lauren Demos, setter Amber 
Hawthorne, hitter Rachelle Kinney and Lizzy 
Andrews. 

While the team struggled with the young 
line-up — Andrews missed two serves and 
Demos whiffed an easy kill — they pulled out 
the win with the help of a Condon block. 

The game came to an anti-climactic close as 
the Toros were called for a positioning foul and 
abruptly ended the game.

Though putting all four freshmen on the 
floor may have been a bit ambitious of Luyties, 
the underclassmen did exceptionally well when 
surrounded by their All-American teammates. 

Hawthorne had 14 assists off 55 sets, Demos 
had 8.5 points and Kinney had three kills on 
only three attempts.

With a 15-4 overall record, the Tritons are 
ranked third in the CCAA. UCSD’s next match 
is slated for Friday, Oct. 28 against Chico State.

Readers can contact Nicholas Howe at nshowe@
ucsd.edu

Tritons Sweep CSULA, CSUDH at Home
▶ W. VOLLEYBALL, from page 12

By Tyler Nelson
Senior Staff Writer

MEN’S WATER POLO — Before the match 
this past Friday, the UCSD Men’s Water Polo 
team was caught in a tug-of-war with Loyola 
Marymount University for the tenth place 
national ranking. 

The teams have played each other twice 
in conference match-ups already and split 
the games, in addition to garnering similar 
results from tournaments this season.

The teams met at Loyola and despite a 
quick start by the Tritons, the Lions pulled 
away at the end to take a 14-10 win and take 
the advantage in the Western Water Polo 
Association standings.

The match started off well for the Tritons, 
who took a two-point lead in the first quarter. 

Both teams traded goals, but senior driver 
Graham Saber and junior utility John Butler 
scored consecutive goals to take a 4-2 first 
quarter lead. 

The Tritons were on a roll with Saber 
scoring in the first minute of the second 
quarter to make it 5-2, but the Triton defense 
collapsed after that, as UCSD gave up four 
consecutive goals. 

With just over three minutes left to play 
in the first half, UCSD was looking at a 6-5 
deficit. 

But the Tritons managed to score a goal 
after an LMU ejection to tie the match.      

The Lions scored first in the second half, 
although the Tritons answered immediately 
with a goal from junior utility Brian Donohoe. 

But the Lions went on another scoring 
stretch and wound up with a four-point lead 
before Donohoe could stop the onslaught in 
the fourth quarter. 

Down three early in the fourth, the Tritons 
couldn’t muster the energy or resolve to hold 
up against their rivals, giving up another two 
points before mounting any response and 
dropping the game 14-10.   

The Tritons were in much better form on 
Saturday, when they broke their four-game 
losing streak. 

Against Occidental, they jumped to an 
early 5-0 lead in the first quarter and only 
gave up four points the whole game, silencing 
the Tigers 16-4. 

The win was a morale booster, but it was 
also a good chance for the Tritons to refocus 
and prepare for the rest of the schedule.

The Tritons have a stretch of home match-
es coming up with five of their next six 
matches at Canyonview Pool. Their next 
opponent is WWPA leader, No. 12 UC Davis 
Friday, Oct. 28, at 6 p.m.

Readers can contact Tyler Nelson at tcnelson@
ucsd.edu

Tritons Split Their Weekend Matches 

the
guardian is
hiring!

WRITING | PHOTOGRAPHY | LAYOUT | DESIGN | ADVERTISING

P I C K  U P  A  C O P Y  O N  N E W S  S TA N D S  E V E R Y  M O N D AY  &  T H U R S D AY !

COPY READING ART | ILLUSTRATION | MARKETING | GRAPHICS

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT
ucsdguardian.org/jobs.

read between the lines.

i

QUESTIONS? EMAIL jobs@ucsdguardian.org?

NOlaN ThOmas/GUardian

“
We’re 
getting 
better and 
better every 
game.”

Sara  mccutchan
Freshman

middleback

Left, Center

nick hoWe
nshowe@ucsd.edu

Tackle



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCoNTACT THE EDIToR

12 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M o N DAy,  o C To B E R  24,  2011 |  w w w. U C S D G UA R D I A N . o R G

By Nicholas Howe
Associate Sports Editor

The Triton Women’s Volleyball team cleaned house this weekend, sweeping Cal State Los Angeles in three games on Friday and Cal State Dominguez Hills in three games on Saturday for its fourth 
and fifth consecutive wins, putting the team at 15-4 overall and 11-4 in 
the CCAA. 

    Friday’s contest was a test of maturity for the team, with freshman 
setter Amber Hawthorne and freshman middle hitter Lauren Demos 
either hitting their spots or missing badly. 

     After squandering a significant lead in the first 
game, senior Katie Condon picked up the play, tak-

ing point after point to rally her teammates for the win.  
    Keeping the Tritons up through games two and three, Condon again 
put the team on her back as the Tritons, ranked third in the CCAA and 
No. 18 nationally, struggled internally, and were just able to squeak past 
bottom of the league CSU Los Angeles.

     “We had a sense of unity on the court,” said 
McCutchan. “We’re getting better and better every 
game and we’ll only improve against Dominguez, too.” 
    Saturday, the team stepped onto the floor with a totally different atti-
tude. Despite the Tritons playing down to Cal State Los Angeles’ level 
on Friday, they came together and coordinated a vicious assault on a 

UCSD
 IN  THREE 

#6 Lizzy Andrews         5.5
Two receiving errors but seven good digs
#4 Roxanne Brunsting           8
Lead team in assists, great hustle, good leadership from the senior
#14 Katie Condon           9
Put the team on her back, had amazing court vision for several kills
#10 Lauren Demos           7
Good hustle and great kills but often out of position
#32 Amber Hawthorne        7.5
Quiet leader with 14 assists and 55 sets with no mistakes 
#11 Rachelle Kinney        6.5
Three kills off six attempts and some good hustle play
#22 Sara McCutchan           8
Best off the bench player on the team; awesome kill percentage and court 
presence
#5 Hillary Williamson           8
Lead the team in points scored and had a great serving game.
#1 Natasha Wilroy       6.5
Not a lot of playing time but a great asset, lots of hustle, winning kills

woMEN’S VoLLEyBALL PLAyER RATINGS
UCSD vs. CSUDH        CoMPILED By NICHoLAS HowE

COmpiled by NiChOlas hOwe

By Rachel Uda
Sports Editor

CROSS COUNTRY — Last weekend, 
the UCSD Men’s and Women’s Cross 
Country teams traveled up to Santa Rosa 
to compete in the CCAA championships. 
     Out of a field of eight conference opponents, 
which included nationally ranked Chico State, 
the Triton men finished in third in the 8k race, 
while the women took fourth out of twelve 
teams in the 6k.

Once again, sophomore Chia Chang led 
the Triton women. Chang took a seventh place 
overall finish, with a 21:34.8 time — just 27 
seconds off top finisher Alia Gray, from Chico. 
UCSD freshmen Dani Brabender and Alia 
Bales finished second and third respectively 
for the Tritons, with Brabender recording a 
22:08.8 time and Bales finishing with 22:35.7.

Collectively, the Triton women put togeth-

er a fair performance, but were still unable to 
touch No. 4 nationally ranked Chico State, 
which had two top five finishers.

“Our whole group went into the race with 
strong goals,” head coach Nate Garcia said. 
“We weren’t disappointed with the results as 
much as we were disappointed that we didn’t 
meet the goals that we set for ourselves.”

The men’s team also had a respectable 
showing, finishing in third place with a num-
ber of Tritons recording very solid times.

Junior Matt Lenehan led the Tritons at 
thirteenth place, running the 8k in 26:32.9.   

The race marks the third consecutive time 
that Lenehan, who garnered All-CCAA hon-
ors, has finished first for the Tritons. 

The rest of the Triton team took the 20th 
through 23rd spots, with sophomore Kellen 
Levy — who recorded a 26:44.8 time — finish-
ing just before teammates Ben Rich, Jeremy 
Riley and John Svet. 

As with the women, Chico State had the 
top finisher in Adrian Sherrod. The Wildcats 
also claimed five of the top six spots.UCSD 
will now gear up for the postseason and the 
West Regional Championships, to be run on 
Nov. 5.

“Looking ahead to Regionals, we want 
to beat some teams that beat us this week,” 
Garcia said. “We have to finish in the top four 
in a very strong region. We will have some 
work to do.”

The event will be held in Spokane, 
Washington at Plante’s Ferry Regional Park. 
UCSD is familiar with the course, as it kicked 
off the 2011 season at the Erik Anderson 
Runner’s Soul Invitational, which took place at 
the same location and ended with the Tritons 
taking two top seven finishes.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.
edu.

Triton Women Take Third, Men Fourth

The Tritons swept both CSU Los 
Angeles and CSU Dominguez Hills in 
three sets this weekend.

 Facts &
Figures

20
Assists from senior outside 
hitter Katie Condon in the 
Tritons’ rout over CSUDH

11.5
Points recorded by senior 

outside hitter Hillary 
Williamson  on Saturday

0.667
Attack percentage 

recorded by freshman Sara 
McCutchan

3
Men’s cross country placed 
third out of eight teams  in 

the CCAA’s

4
Women’s cross country 

placed fourth out of twelve 
teams in the CCAA’s

21:34.8
Time in which sophomore 
Chia Chang finished the 6k 

CCAA Championship course 
in Santa Rosa., Calif.

phOTOs by briaN yip/GUardian

NOlaN ThOmas/GUardian

 See W. VOLLEYBALL, page 11

MEN’S/woMEN’S SoCCER

MEN’S wATERPoLo
woMEN’S VoLLEyBALL

10/28
10/30
10/28
10/28
10/29

VS San Francisco State 
VS Cal Poly Pomona
VS UC Davis
AT Chico State
AT Cal State Stanislaus

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


	102411News
	102411Opinion
	102411LeisureREAL
	102411_CALENDAR_Pg8
	102411_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg9
	102411Sports

