
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 7

SPOKENSPOKEN SURFÊREPORT INSIDENIGHTÊWATCH
THURSDAY
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 2-9 mph
Water Temp: 70 F

FRIDAY
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 1-7 mph
Water Temp: 70 F

SATURDAY
Height: 4 ft.

Wind: 2-5 mph 
Water Temp: 70 F

SUNDAY
Height:  3-4 ft.
Wind: 4-5 mph 

Water Temp: 70 F

LOW

$3.59
Pilot, San Diego - South
1497 Piper Ranch Rd. & Otay Mesa Rd.
HIGH

$4.29
76, Coronado
900 Orange Ave. & 9th St.

THURSDAY
H 82 L 61

FRIDAY
H 76 L 60

GASÊPERÊGALLONSURFÊREPORTNIGHTÊWATCHFORECASTWEBÊPOLL
DO YOU AGREE WITH 
THE DREAM ACT?
√  Yes
√  No
√  I don’t know

SUNRISE

SUNSET

6:51 A.M.

6:18 P.M.SATURDAYH 71 L 58 SUNDAYH 68 L 58 THURSDAYWEDNESDAYWWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

AsÊPerÊUsualÊ..........................2
NewÊBusinessÊ........................3
PoliticsÊasÊUsualÊ....................4
LetterÊtoÊtheÊEditorÊ................5
DruthersÊ.................................7
ClassifiedsÊ.............................9
SportsÊ..................................12

THURSDAY FRIDAY

SUNDAYSATURDAY

By Nicole Chan
Associate News Editor

Gov. Jerry Brown signed Assembly Bill 131 — the second part of the DREAM Act — into law on Oct. 9, making 
undocumented students eligible to receive state 
financial aid to attend California community 
colleges and universities. The first component 
of the DREAM Act, AB 130 — which passed 
July 25, 2011— grants undocumented students 
access to privately funded financial aid.

“Going to college is a dream that promises 
intellectual excitement and creative thinking,” 
Gov. Brown said in a statement released Oct. 

9. “The Dream Act benefits us all by giving top 
students a chance to improve their lives and the 
lives of all of us.”

The bill, authored by Rep. Gil Cedillo 
(D-Los Angeles) will take effect on Jan. 1, 
2013. It is estimated to help 2,500 qualifying 
students receive Cal Grants at a cost of $14.5 
million to the state, according to the California 
Department of Finance. This sum amounts 
to one percent of the $1.4 billion funded Cal 
Grant program. Additionally, the law stipulates 
that financial aid be given to U.S. students and 
legal residents before given to undocumented 
students. 

“I hope the passage of this bill will allow more 

students to both continue attending UCSD 
and be able to attend UCSD in the future,” 
Associate Vice President of Diversity Affairs 
Jesus Romero said in an email. “It’s important 
because not only have these students attended 
school in California but also contribute to our 
economies along with their families.”

However, critics of the DREAM Act argue 
that it prioritizes undocumented students over 
the state economy and debt situation.

“California families are struggling to make 
ends meet and send their kids to college,” Sen. 
Joel Anderson (R-La Mesa) said to the San 

RANKING

NewÊAfricanÊ
StudentÊOrgÊ
Established

DIVERSITY

By Rebecca Horwitz
Associate News Editor

Students on campus founded a new 
organization called the African Student 
Association.

UCSD admitted the most transfer students 
and underrepresented students in its history 
this year. The birth of the ASA coincides with 
UCSD’s increase in diversity.

Two years ago, Marshall College Senior 
Ngozi Ukezue organized informal meetings 
and discussions about the African community 
for students. Along with the support of other 
students and administrators who did not want 
to named, Ukezue was able to make ASA an 
official school organization on Sept. 14, 2010.

Ukezue said there was a need for an 
organization that represented African 
students. The ASA’s mission statement is to 
unite, uplift and support African students, 
ban stereotypes about African and act as an 
educational resource for anyone who wants to 
learn about Africa. 

“I saw a lot of African students on campus 
that did not know each and were not really 
united by anything,” Ukezue said. “I wanted 
the wonderful people that I’ve met to get to 
know each other, to build a community and 
to help foster that part of their identity, so that 
they can grow here as a student comfortably.”

Ukezue thought African students could 
grow socially as well educationally. 

“[I want students] to establish a positive 
image of Africa in this community,” Ukezue 
said. “Here, the only time we actually hear 
anything about Africa, it’s about the children 
or genocide, and those take over everyone’s 
perspective of the continent.”

By Aimly Sirisarnosombat
Staff Writer

UCSD is the 33rd best university in the world according 
to Times Higher Education in their 2011-12 “World 
Universities Rankings” released on Oct. 6. Times Higher 
Education — a London-Based higher education magazine 
— graded UCSD highly on research influence, economic 
impact and quality of teaching.  

“This latest ranking is a testament to UC San Diego’s 
global impact and international reputation for having 
the highest academic standards,” said Executive Vice 
Chancellor for Academic Affairs Suresh Subramani in a 
university statement. “It is an honor to have the quality 
of our excellent academic programs, research, faculty and 
students recognized.”

Times Higher Education utilized input from Thomson 
Reuters, a provider of information to businesses and 
professionals and Times’ source of rankings data. Times 
used this data to assess institutions of higher learning 
based on five criteria: teaching (defined as the learning 
environment), research (the volume, income and 
reputation), citations (research influence), industry income 
(innovation) and international outlook (staff, students 
and research). Of these, teaching, research and citations 
bore the most weight at 30 percent each, followed by 

international outlook at 7.5 percent and industry income 
at 2.5 percent. 

On their website, Times Higher Education commended 
UCSD on employing eight Nobel and three National Medal 
of Science laureates among instructional faculty, consisting 
of 1,183 individuals in the 2010-11 school year. They also 
mentioned that the computer language “UCSD Pascal” — 
which helped shape the popular programming language 
Java — was invented by UCSD faculty. UCSD researchers 
released “UCSD Pascal” in 1978 in order to fulfill the need 
for a common operating system that could run on many 
campus computers. 

“This recognition is a testament to the quality of our 
students, staff and faculty, and the university’s spirit 
of innovation,” Chancellor Marye Anne Fox said in a 
prepared statement to the San Diego Union-Tribune. “It’s an 
honor to have UC San Diego’s contributions to education, 
research, service and patient care recognized globally.”

In addition to UCSD, four other UC campuses — 
Berkeley, Los Angeles, Davis and Santa Barbara — also 
made the top 50 in the ranking. UC Berkeley ranked at 
10th place while LA took 13th, and Santa Barbara and 
Davis claimed 35 and 38 respectively.

Readers can contact Aimly Sirisarnosombat at tsirisar@ucsd.
edu

UCSDÊRankedÊ33rdÊBestÊSchoolÊinÊWorld

UNDOCUMENTED STUDENTS NOW 
RECEIVE ACCESS TO PUBLIC AID

DREAM ACT

See STUDENT ORG,Êpage 3 See DREAM,Êpage 3

SEASIDE TUNES

BRIAN MONROE/GUARDIAN
Texas native band Matthew and the Arrogant Sea opened for Stone Foxes on Oct. 10 at 
Porter’s Pub in the Old Student Center. 

GOV. BROWN 
SIGNS DREAM ACT 

INTO LAW

THE ART OF $#!% TALKING THE SILVER SCREEN. PAGE 6. 



TheÊ UCSDÊ GuardianÊ isÊ publishedÊ MondaysÊ andÊ
ThursdaysÊduringÊ theÊacademicÊyearÊbyÊUCSDÊstudentsÊ
andÊ forÊ theÊ UCSDÊ community.Ê ReproductionÊ ofÊ thisÊ
newspaperÊ inÊ anyÊ form,Ê whetherÊ inÊ wholeÊ orÊ inÊ part,Ê
withoutÊ permissionÊ isÊ strictlyÊ prohibited.Ê ©Ê 2011,Ê allÊ
rightsÊ reserved.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ notÊ responsibleÊ
forÊtheÊreturnÊofÊunsolicitedÊmanuscriptsÊorÊart.ÊTheÊviewsÊ
expressedÊhereinÊdoÊnotÊnecessarilyÊrepresentÊtheÊopin-
ionsÊofÊtheÊUCSDÊGuardian,ÊtheÊUniversityÊofÊCaliforniaÊorÊ
AssociatedÊStudents.ÊTheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ fundedÊbyÊ
advertising.ÊRedÊBullÊÊgirls.

GeneralÊ Editorial:Ê 858-534-6580Ê
editor@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising:Ê858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax:Ê858-534-7035

Business Manager
EmilyÊKuÊ

Marketing & Advertising Director
BrandonÊKatzer

Webmaster
BryanÊSmith

Marketing Assistant
ChristineÊAlabastro

Advertising Design & Layout 
AlfredoÊH.ÊVilanoÊJr.
A.S.ÊGraphicÊStudioÊ

Distributor
AmandaÊKu

Page Layout
PraneetÊKolluru,ÊArielleÊSallai,ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
JanetÊHseuh,ÊNathanÊToung

AngelaÊChen

ArielleÊSallai
MargaretÊYau

LairaÊMartin

NicoleÊChan
RebeccaÊHorwitz

MargaretÊYau

MadelineÊMann

RachelÊUda

MinaÊNilchian

RenÊEbel

MonicaÊHaider
EmilyÊPham

AndrewÊOh

NolanÊThomas

RebekahÊHwang

HayleyÊBisceglia-Martin

MelodyÊChern

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate
Focus/Leisure Editor

Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Art Editor

Development Editor

Design Program Director

2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

AS PER USUAL By Dami Lee

CLOSED QUARTERS By Kat Truong

Diego Union-Tribune in “Student-aid 
bill for immigrants signed,” released 
on Oct. 8. “For the state to prioritize 
and subsidize the tuition of non-
Californians over Californians is flat-
out wrong.”

According to the University of 
California Office of the President, 
an estimated 800 students eligible 
under AB 540 would also qualify for 
the Cal Grant entitlement program. 
It is also estimated that an additional 
390 to 488 students would qualify for 
institutional aid.

“These students are demonstrably 

among the best and brightest on 
our campuses — highly motivated 
to succeed despite all the obstacles 
they face,” UCOP legislative director 
Nadia Leal-Carrillo said in a Sept. 6 
letter of support addressed to Gov. 
Brown. “Through their hard work 
and perseverance, these students 
have earned the opportunity to 
attend UC.”  

Romero estimates that visible 
effects will not be seen on campus 
until the bill goes into effect and the 
logistics of distributing financial aid 
are determined. He does feel, however, 
that AB 131 can immediately help 

undocumented students currently 
attending UCSD.

“We already have a number of 
undocumented students who attend 
UCSD and this will allow for more 
access and retention,” Romero said.

According to Romero, A.S. 
Council helped lobby for the bill 
through the efforts of the Vice 
President’s External Office and UCSD 
Delegation participation in a call-in 
during the University of California 
Student Association Congress.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at 
n3chan@ucsd.edu

Changes from DREAM Act Won’t Be Visible On Campus for Some Time
▶ DREAM, from page 1 CORRECTIONS

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the 
editors. Corrections can be sent to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org.

Looking for a great pharmacy school?

Look no 
further than 

the University of
Michigan.

Meet some alumni of California universities who recently enrolled 
as University of Michigan PharmD students. 1. Financial support unequalled by any

other U.S. pharmacy school.
2. Outstanding pay.
3. Job security in economically uncertain

times.
4. Unlimited opportunities to improve

people’s lives.
5. Unparalleled career choices.
6. Continuous growth potential.
7. Life and career mobility.

8. The prestige of owning a degree from
one of America’s top-ranked pharmacy
schools.

9. Membership in an influential alumni
network spanning the globe.

10. The power to apply medical knowl-
edge at the forefront of technological 
innovation.

11. Small class size to maximize individual-
ized educational experiences.

12. One-to-one learning with world-
renowned faculty.

Every year, UCSD graduates choose the PharmD Program at the Universityof Michigan College of Pharmacy. In fact, nearly 20 percent of ourPharmD enrollment is comprised of alumni from California universities. 
What accounts for Michigan’s popularity among Golden Staters? First, 

we are consistently ranked among America’s top pharmacy schools. Secondly,
we consider a lot more than GPA and PCAT scores when evaluating your
application.

Earn your bachelor’s degree at UCSD, and then earn your PharmD at U-M.
That’s what many UCSD students do every year.

To learn more about the PharmD Program at Michigan, visit our Web site at
www.umich.edu/~pharmacy. Or contact the College of Pharmacy at 734-764-7312 or
at mich.pharm.admissions@umich.edu.

Still looking for a reason to make Michigan your pharmacy school? Consider these:

Your future never looked brighter.

On Oct. 3, an article entitled 
“Business Minor Now Available 
to Students” incorrectly attributed 
Delta Sigma Pi Vice President of 
Professional Activities as Joshua 
Cheng. His name is Joshua Chang.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

A multidisciplinary alcohol education program  

SIGN UP NOW!!! Go to 
http://sls.ucsd.edu, call us at 
(858) 534-4374, or stop by 
the Student Legal Services 
office in the Student  Ser-
vices Center, 5th floor, 
Room 527 to sign up! 

Hurry! Workshops 
start this week! 

 

Are you interested in a career in Medicine, Mental Health, Clinical or 
Social Work, Law or Law Enforcement? Want to learn about alcohol use 

& abuse while padding your resume or grad school application? 

 Learn from professionals including counselors, social workers, lawyers, po-
lice officers, forensic scientists and career advisors about how alcohol use af-
fects individuals, relationships, communities, as well as their professions. 

 

 Attend 4 workshops and earn a certificate that will look great on a resume or 
graduate school application! 

 

 Come for BINGE SATURDAY on October 15 and get your certificate in one day! 

Knowing that today was the famous 
A.S. Council budget meeting, council 
members entered the forum armed 
with food and laptops, ready to endure 
what was certain to be a long night.

Before the business of the budget 
commenced, AVP of External Affairs 
Samer Naji 
introduced the 
issue of a pilot 
online program 
initiated by the 
UC Regents. 
Besides the more-
obvious problems 
of learning the 
material online instead of from an 
instructor, A.S. President Alyssa 
Wing also mentioned issues regarding 
grading and curving classes with 
UC students and community college 
students both enrolled and the fact 
that UC student fees will go towards 
funding these programs.

“Keep yourselves in the know about 
these pilot programs,” she warned.

Then, the meeting progressed to a 
much lighter topic.

“[Now, it is time for] everyone’s 
favorite time of the meeting — at least 
I know it’s the Guardian’s favorite — 
Council Member of the Week,” Vice 
President of Student Life Meredith 
Madnick said. What can we say, 
Madnick, you caught us.

We actually just wish that we would 
be as awesome as AVP of Academic 
Affairs Mac Zilber was this last week 
so that we might also wear that bright 
blue glittery sash someday. 

Then, council progressed onto the 
dreaded budget.

The new event Hullabaloo raised 
some issues with the budget they were 
allocated. Originally, the event was 
given $60,000. After giving Hullabaloo 
the unused First Fall funding, this 
easily became $60,500. However, AVP 

of Concerts and Events Oliver Zhang 
pushed to make this amount $65,000.

“I’ve already had people ask me 
if this new thing is going to suck this 
year,” Campus-wide Senator Matthew 
Bradbury said. “I think if there is one 
thing that we are going to tip the scales 

with, it should be 
Hullabaloo.”

This extra 
$5,000 was just 
too much for the 
council. When 
this did not pass, 
Madnick switched 
the request for an 

additional $5,000 to $2,000.
“It’s going to be a kick-ass event 

regardless, but the $2,000 will be 
helpful in ensuring that we don’t go 
over budget,” Zhang said.

Perhaps what council needed was a 
little perspective.

“I just want to put this into 
perspective,” Wing said, “$2,000 out of 
a $3.1 million budget is 0.0006 percent, 
so we are arguing over a minuscule 
amount [of money]. This $2,000 isn’t 
going to make it or break it.”

Perfect timing as always, Wing. 
Eventually, Hullabaloo got $62,500.

The External Affairs office put in a 
request for a contingency fund. They 
had requested it last year, and since 
Hullabaloo got their money, they were 
upset that they had not been given 
theirs. After reviewing the rest of the 
budget, this was also passed.

Before 8 p.m., the entire budget was 
passed. This brought about a round 
of applause and pats on the back. Job 
well done.

“Thank you all for making this 
really easy,” Vice President of Finances 
and Resources Kevin Hoang said. 

With those cheers, the council left 
the forum for Porter’s Pub. You deserve 
it, A.S. Council.

CouncilÊPassesÊBudgetÊinÊRecordÊ
TimeÊof ÊJustÊOverÊAnÊHour

Muir College Junior Hana Kohin, 
a member of the organization, feels 
more comfortable on campus now that 
she can turn to the ASA. 

“I saw there wasn’t a space where 
I felt like I fit on campus fully,” Kohin 
said. “I am a black student, a Muslim 
student, but I’m also an African 
student, so it was really important to 
me to be around other people who 

have that experience.”
President of the ASA Naima Dahir 

said the one thing the club lacks is 
more members. 

“We need to work on trying to 
make our voice heard campus because 
we’re planning to have an African 
Woman’s Struggle Exhibit,” Dahir said.

One of the biggest issues they want 
to tackle is the idea of Africa being a 
identified as country.

“People don’t realize that it’s not a 
country,” Ukezue said.

She said she has a friend who has a 
4.0 GPA and is double-majoring who 
thought Africa was a country.

“There’s all this rich heritage,” 
Ukezue said. “That shouldn’t be 
overshadowed by the other stuff.”

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz at 
rahorwit@ucsd.edu

African Student Association President Says the Org Lacks Members
▶ STUDENT ORG, from page 1

CustomersÊIgnoreÊHealthyÊFastÊFoodÊOptions
SCIENCEÊ&ÊTECHNOLOGY

By Regina Ip
Senior Staff Writer

Researchers at UCSD were not 
surprised that families buy fast food 
because it’s a fast, low-cost alternative 
that can be used as a reward for their 
children, despite increasing risks of 
obesity and hypertension.

But pediatrics and psychiatry 
associate professor Kerri Boutelle did 
not anticipate parents choosing junk 
food over healthier options on the 
menu, like low-fat milk, yogurt parfaits 
and apple dippers.

“We were interested in how 
parents shopped for fast food for their 
children,” Boutelle said. “The most 
interesting thing is that there were 
healthier items on the menu that they 
could’ve picked but they didn’t.”

Boutelle surveyed 544 families with 
children entering a fast-food chain 
restaurant inside Rady Children’s 
Hospital during lunchtime.

“We stood outside of the 
McDonald’s for six weeks and we asked 
people for receipts when they came 
home,” Boutelle said.

Preschoolers, children age 2 to 
5, frequently purchased french fries, 
cheeseburgers, hamburgers, soda and 
chicken nuggets. Older children ate 
similar meals as preschoolers. Children 

ages 6 to 11 also ate apple pies and 
children age 12 to 18 also ate chocolate 
chip cookies. Also, 53 percent of all 
children surveyed ate a Happy Meal.

Less than 1 percent of all children 
and adults purchased fruit and yogurt 
parfaits. Apple dippers were purchased 
more frequently for those in the 6 
to 12 age range. In addition, families 
purchased chocolate milk more 
frequently than white milk while apple 
juice was purchased more frequently 
for the younger children.

Families kept their receipts and 
answered questions, such as what 
food items were purchased, the size of 
food items, who ate which items and 
reasons for purchasing certain items.

Families cited multiple reasons 
for visiting the fast food restaurant. 
Eighty-six percent said it was because 
“the children like the food,” 84 percent 
said it was “convenient,” 73 percent 
said they “like the food. In addition, 
54 percent said “being hungry with no 
other options” impacted their decision 
to buy fast food, 48 percent said it was 
“a reward for visiting the hospital” and 
54 percent said they were “hungry with 
no other options.”

The study also found that fast food 
lunch meals made up between 36 and 
51 percent of a child’s daily caloric 
needs. Furthermore, between 35 to 

39 percent of calories came from fat 
and the meals supplied more than 
50 percent of the recommended total 
daily sodium intake.

For pre-schoolers, it provided 
almost 100 percent of recommended 
daily sodium levels. For school-
aged children, fast food lunch 
meals provided 50 percent of the 
recommended daily sodium intake.

“The take-home message is that 
parents buy more calories for the kids 
than they think they do or maybe that 
shopping at fast food restaurants is 
not going to help kids eat what they 
need,” Boutelle said. “In particular, 
the preschool-age kids were getting 
more than three-quarters of their daily 
needed sodium and a few other caloric 
nutrients.”

In the study, Boutelle suggests that 
future studies should assess nutritional 
content of food items by age.

Boutelle conducted the study 
because there is currently little data 
available on fast-food purchasing 
patterns of families. The study did not 
have any funding sources or corporate 
affiliations.

Data was collected in 2008 and 
results were published August 2011.

Readers can contact Regina Ip at rwip@
ucsd.edu

New
NATALIE COVATE
ncovate@ucsd.edu

Business



OPINION
MARGARET YAU
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

In his op-ed, Morris argues that student online browsing data should be subject to monitoring 
and analytics, because after-the-fact investigation 
revealed in many cases that assassins often use 
campus internet to stalk individuals, post threat-
ening comments and even purchase weapons.

Morris is right. Campus violence has been 
on the rise for several years now, according to 
a study conducted jointly by the FBI, the Secret 
Service and the U.S. Department of Education. By 
studying the paper trail of campus attacks, experts 
have found the path laden with warning signs. 
Examination of emails sent by Seung-Hui Cho, 
the gunman responsible for the Virginia Tech 
incident, would have revealed valuable insights 
had they been read beforehand. The same conclu-
sion was drawn from the writings of Columbine 
murderers Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris. 

Not only will Morris’ proposed browsing 
analytics increase safety, but its relative small 
scale will leave student’s privacy in tact. Fears that 
all student browsing data would somehow be 
made publicly available are misguided. Morris is 
suggesting a scheme based on analytical threat-
assessment software. Only the very few students 
whose browsing patterns are indicative of some 
kind of threatening behavior such as violence and 
stalking would be flagged for examination. Even 
then, under Morris’ plan, students could not be 
punished based on browsing data alone — more 
often, they would be recommended for psycho-
logical counseling. The plan’s goal is violence pre-
vention, not premature prosecution, and certainly 
not to create a climate of fear. 

— Ayan Kusari
Contributing Writer

Too Much Information to Process 
Your university computer servers have data about your Internet usage, and Police 
Department Lt. Michael Morris wants to moni-
tor what you’ve been googling. Morris’ Chronicle 
of Higher Education op-ed expressed a need to 
monitor student online activity in order to pre-
vent tragedies like Virginia Tech from happening 
again. But while heightened security may be a 
factor in increasing safety, greater focus ought to 
be placed on creating a far more effective, crime-
conscious public.

For instance, the U.S. has heightened its 
security to combat terrorism through airport 
restrictions and the restriction of personal rights 
through the Patriot Act. But even then, events 
such as the Christmas Day bombing attempt 
(where a man tried to detonate a bomb in an air-
plane) and a suspicious van in Times Square were 
both thwarted by aware citizens. The government 
was even warned about the bomber beforehand 
by his father, but that piece of intel was lost 
among thousands of other bits of data.

The government and schools need to use the 
public as a resource. Currently, airports and train 
stations actively remind passengers to keep an eye 
out for suspicious luggage, an awareness that can 
be applied toward schools. Students and staff can 
be taught how to identify disturbing behavior in 
individuals and have the individuals be forwarded 
to the proper organization, be it counseling or the 
police department.

It is public awareness, not curtailing students’ 
civil liberties, that will help prevent tragedies like 
Virginia Tech.

— Aleks Levin
Staff Writer

Safety Comes First with SurveillanceConstant Vigilance: Not Big Brother
According to one California State University police lieutenant, monitoring students’ 
online activity could be the key to prevent-
ing violence on college campuses. Lt. Michael 
Morris’ article in the Chronicle of Higher 
Education claims that data mining could be the 
“crystal ball” that would benefit universities. 
However, not only is this a major infringement 
of privacy, but effectively looking for threats in 
the online histories of thousands of college stu-
dents is far from realistic.  

Once this data is collected, it must be pre-
cisely analyzed for ambiguous “signs of threat” 
through mining algorithms. These are similar to 
algorithms that allow banks to detect credit card 
abuse. In the case of credit cards, these algo-
rithms are simply looking for unusual spending. 
When it comes to identifying troubled students, 
there are many more variables. Not only are 
there issues with properly identifying troubled 
students, but a plethora of time, money and staff 
must be employed in attempts to stop violence 
that may or may not occur. This is clearly a 
waste of resources with no guaranteed results.

Furthermore, information that students post 
and view online is protected under the Family 
Educational Rights and Privacy Act, which 
blocks identifiable student information from 
being released without a court order. Students, 
like all citizens, have the right to privacy under 
the Fourth Amendment.

Colleges aren’t meant to serve as central 
intelligence agencies, and this act would defi-
nitely take protection too far. 

— Revathy Sampath-Kumar
Staff Writer

With high deficits and high unemployment, one would think Washington would 
be trying to seek solutions to this 
problem and not play political games. 
But you’d be wrong. Instead of fund-
ing the president’s jobs plan by ending 
subsidies for oil companies or closing 
tax loopholes that benefit those mak-
ing over $250,000, the Democrats 
went full populist and proposed a 
5.6-percent surtax on millionaires.

This isn’t good policy, but it sure 
is good politics. The Republicans 
will look like the devil incarnate if 
they oppose this plan.  A Bloomberg-
Washington Post Poll showed that 
two-thirds of Americans and even 53 
percent of Republicans support tax 
increases on the wealthy. However, a 
millionaire’s income is extremely vola-
tile. Consider this: In 2008, they paid 
$318 billion in taxes, but in 2009, they 
paid only $177 billion. These figures 
instill the notion that we can close our 
deficit by soaking from the rich, but 
there simply aren’t enough of them — 
they are the 1 percent, after all.

This is a concession by the 
Democrats that being rich is not mak-
ing over $250,000 — it’s making over 
a million. The boldest lie uttered by 
Republicans is that $250,000 is middle 
class, and the Democrats basically 
accepted it. Guess what? The median 
household income is about $50,000. If 
a couple makes over $250,000, they’re 
rich and all their complaints need a 
firstworldproblems hash tag.

Tax rates need to return to the 
Clinton-era levels for everyone once 
the economy has recovered, jobs plan 
or no. This isn’t even “class warfare” 
— I want both rich and poor to suf-
fer under the oh-so-burdensome tax 
rates of the ’90s that produced a 3.2 
percent annual GDP growth rate. We 
also need to close the thousands of 
special interest deductions. What do 
video game companies, the horserac-
ing industry, and beer makers have in 
common? They all get generous tax 
breaks from Washington. 

And the Republican frontrun-
ner’s solutions are the same garbage 
recycled from the Bush adminis-
tration: deregulation and tax cuts. 
Deregulation will lead to economic 
recovery, a lesson we all surely learned 
from the financial crisis. It was 
because the banks weren’t free enough 
that they committed irresponsible 
credit default swaps! One Florida 
Republican legislator even claimed 
laws against dwarf-tossing are job-
killing regulations. And tax cuts? Part 
of the reason we have such a gaping 
deficit is because of irresponsible tax 
cuts that have especially favored the 
wealthy. Some of the Republican pres-
idential candidate’s plans are wacky. 
Herman Cain’s 9-9-9 plan sounds like 
a pizza deal, not a means of economic 
recovery or deficit reduction.

Taxing millionaires is bad policy, 
good politics; taxing everyone is good 
policy, bad politics. Once unemploy-
ment reaches a certain threshold dur-
ing the recovery, it will be time for fis-
cal consolidation. It won’t be easy, but 
it’s the least we can do for this nation 
after the wild spending and tax-cut 
orgy of the past 10 years. 

Taxes: Spread 
the Wealth, 
Spread the Pain Much Hullabaloo About 

Nothing
The low-budget replacement for FallFest shows promise, but needs a clever marketing 

strategy to distinguish itself from campus dances like the All-Campus Dance. 

FallFest, like the innocent younger sibling to the over-the-top, bacchanal celebration that is Sun God, has always delighted in its slightly tamer 
revelry. Like the bro at the party who was quietly 
wasted, FallFest traded Sun God’s hedonism for a laid-
back coolness, and the headliners 
that rocked the stage fit the image: 
Big Boi, Lupe Fiasco and The Roots, 
to name a few. But now a new, 
re-imagined vision of the festival 
appears almost too low-key to serve 
as our main party of the season. 

After facing $75,000 in budget 
cuts, the A.S. Concerts & Events 
office is giving the 13-year-old 
festival a new identity, renaming it 
“Hullabaloo” and moving it from the 
early weeks of October to Nov. 18, in 
conjunction with Founders’ Day.

Founders’ Day, inaugurated last 
year with a headlining performance 
by Far East Movement, will take 
place the afternoon of Nov. 18, with 
Hullabaloo scheduled to follow from 
6 to 11:45 p.m. Unlike FallFest, which 
was held at Warren Field, Hullabaloo 
will be held in what the event notes 
as “the urban center of UCSD,” Town 
Square and Matthews Quad — a 

small venue for what we’d hope is the Sun God of the fall. 
Associate Vice President of Concerts & Events Oliver 

Zhang told the Guardian that renaming the festival was a 
crucial aspect of creating the new campus tradition. 

“[Keeping] the name FallFest would be misleading 
because it is such a different event,” 
Zhang said. “We wanted to give this 
event a new life.”

Whether it’s a silly-sounding name 
or not, the change-up is certainly the 
best possible decision ASCE could 
have made. With the festival’s bud-
get cut by $75,000 from the original 
$135,000 for FallFest 2010 to only 
$60,000, an event comparable to 
FallFest would be impossible without 
cutting down the scale of the event 
considerably. 

Sure, they could have spent the 
smaller budget on one big headliner 
and scheduled free student acts to 
open, but instead, ASCE took the 
cut as an opportunity to rebrand the 
festival. It’s a smart move: By disasso-
ciating the event from its old moniker, 
no one will even think to compare 
the two. 

Regardless, even though ASCE 
made a necessary change, we’re not 

See HULLABALOO, page 5

SAMANTHA SLIGH/GUARDIAN

Politics 
as Usual

Politics 
SAAD ASAD
sasad@ucsd.edu

QUICKTAKES
CSU POLICE LT. MICHAEL MORRIS’ OP-ED FOR THE CHRONICLE OF HIGHER 

EDUCATION EMPHASIZED THE IMPORTANCE OF CAMPUS INTERNET 
SURVEILLANCE TO PREVENT VIOLENCE.

Angela Chen
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

MANAGING EDITORS

Laira Martin
NEWS EDITOR

Madeline Mann
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week 
at the University of California at San Diego. 
Contents © 2010. Views expressed herein 

represent the majority vote of the editorial board 
and are not necessarily those of the UC Board 

of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the 
Guardian staff. 



sure we’re so stoked on the new identity.
Part of what made FallFest one of the most enjoyable 

campus events of the school year was its focus on solid 
live acts in both hip hop and rock music, typically with 
one large-scale rapper and one mid-size band. Though the 
actual lineup hasn’t been released for Hullabaloo (more 
details are set to come on Halloween), the event’s descrip-
tion notes only a “dance” stage, implying that the music 
acts will consist mainly of DJs and likeminded acts.

UCSD has no shortage of dance-centric events; DVC’s 
“Something Awesome” dance is this Saturday, and there are 
three Non-Sexist Dances per year. While these events have 
respectable turnouts, there’s little reason to add another 
event that is so similar. FallFest, on the other hand, always 
felt like a legitimate concert — a refreshing change of pace 
from the standard glow-stick waving and grinding shtick 
we get at every dance that can be replicated at any club.

Hullabaloo also promises to have carnival rides and 

food trucks littered throughout the area, further distanc-
ing the event from the more traditional concert vibes of 
FallFest. 

And as much fun as nostalgia is, rides and cotton candy 
are more “Rock N Roosevelt” than an actual rager. Right 
now, there doesn’t appear to be much about “Hullabaloo” 
that’s different from, say, the All-Campus Dance.

But a party is only a party because of the guests, and it’s 
hard to judge Hullabaloo before we see what the turnout is 
like. At this point, it’s crucial that ASCE does heavy mar-
keting for the festival. 

After all, the first Hullabaloo will set a precedent for 
all the Hullabaloos to come, and we’re sure Zhang would 
rather the event be known as the upgraded FallFest than as 
another dance with a tongue-twister of a name.

The Facebook event already has comments from stu-
dents asking about the date of FallFest. ASCE should then 
push the fact that Hullabaloo is our FallFest replacement, 
so that everyone who would have attended the old fest will 
at least drop by the new one out of curiosity.

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

THE MENTAL FISHBOWL By Alex Nguyen

Dear Editor,
“Better 100 feet from excellence 

than 10 feet from mediocrity” — in a 
general sense, hybrid in-person educa-
tion (whatever that means) and purely 
online education is a consequence of 
the teaching assistant/adjunct/nonten-
ured professors at the most prestigious 
world universities. 

Prestige often means insular-
ity, as Berkeley professors expressed 
concern for one colleague whose 
departure to Columbia University was 
described as “exile to Siberia.” 

Harvard often achieved greatness 
by waiting and then following.  Even 
in attracting top scholars, Harvard 
often relied on the strategy of hiring 
away senior professors who started 
their seminal work elsewhere. UT 
Southwestern now has four active 
Nobel laureates, the largest number of 
any medical center in the nation.

“I will certainly miss Scripps, but 
the opportunity at UT Southwestern 
is enormous,” said Bruce Beutler, who 
earned his bachelor’s degree at Revelle 
College at age 18. Beutler previously 
worked at the University of Texas 
from 1986 to 2000.

Harvard’s record of tenure from 
inside is well-known in the academic 
world. Take South Korea’s Pohang 
Institute of Science and Technology 
(postech), for example. Postech plans 
to hire 10 prize-winning professors, 
according to a February 22, 2010 arti-
cle in the Korea Times. Each professor 
will be paid $5 billion won, including 
$4 billion won in relocation fees, to 
teach at the school for three years. 

“The plan is to make Postech a 
world-class university in addition 
to its measures to adopt Harvard 
University’s tenure system and use 
English as the official language on the 
entire campus,” Baik Sung-gi, Postech’s 

president, said.  Postech decided to 
invest $4 billion in relocation fees 
for most of the foreign professors 
who come to teach here. It normally 
brings a research group of three to 10 
people. According to the Education 
Ministry, the average stay in Korea of 
288 foreign academics invited the year 
before last was four months. 

In 1995-96, only 30 percent of 
all 30 tenure offers in FAS went to 
junior faculty members already in the 
university; 33 percent of all tenure 
decisions in the previous five years 
appointed Harvard junior professors 
to tenured positions, according to 
a budget letter from the Dean of FAS.

Harvard’s unique tenure system 
has numerous consequences, includ-
ing the allowance of the university 
to run junior professors through a 
working trial before offering them 
lifetime employment. But in some 
departments, people just treat a junior 
faculty slot as a “fancy post-doc.” New 
professors without tenure quickly real-
ize, if they haven’t already, how lim-
ited their options are. One (arguably 
non-existent) assistant professor of 
philosophy said “a number of people 
feel that the best thing to do is to take 
another job before the tenure review 
rather than take the chance.” It can 
be demoralizing to find a new job in 
the humanities, since as many as 300 
aspiring professors apply for every 
single academic job “in the field.”

—Richard Thompson
Alumnus, ‘83

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

Professor Tenure Leaves 
Playing Field Dry

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

ad name: CW JD Ad2 size: ½ page H —10" x 8"

publication: UCSD - “The Guardian” pub date: 10/13/11

gkm contact: Kathleen Maloney phone: 760.438.8100 ext.117

 What is the law?
        A weapon to be wielded?

 Or more than that?
        A set of tools.

           A creative approach.

    A helping profession and collaborative process.

 Explore the wide scope of the law

              in a school devoted to the big picture.

 www.CaliforniaWestern.edu

▶ HULLABALOO, fromÊpageÊ4

Cutting Back Doesn’t Mean Creating Just Another Dance



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

hiatus
REN EBEL
hiatus@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

arts&entertainment

NightmaresÊ
CanÊSoundÊ
SoÊSweet
L ast summer, I began keeping track of my dreams. The process wasn’t formal — I’d simply wake up, struggle 
to recall the color of the Pope’s eyes as he 

stormed my apartment complex, or what 
I did after eating that psychedelic hard-
boiled egg in Balboa Park, and then I’d jot 
it down to the best of my ability.

But sadly, though I had no concrete 
goal to begin with, the results were 
lukewarm at best. When I flipped back 
through the detailed accounts, each was 
strange and amusing, but all were missing 
something important. Namely, me. Each 
entry felt distant and read like some luna-
tic post-modern movie pitch, rather than 
the recollection of an experience.

This period of time also happened to 
coincide with my budding obsession with 
David Lynch — the silver-haired master 
of surrealist film and beloved cult icon. 

Partway through the infamous diner 
scene in “Mulholland Drive,” Lynch’s 
chilling Hollywood story gone awry, I 
was suddenly hit by a fear deeper and 
more affecting than any I had ever felt 
while watching a movie. It was the feeling 
of a nightmare, a feeling that cannot be 
casually scrawled in a bedside notebook 
or recreated with conventional storytell-
ing. And I was floored.

Gleefully breezing through the ampu-
tation in “127 Hours,” any number of 
Tarantino’s extended torture sequences, 
and even, I’ll admit, the entirety of “The 
Human Centipede,” I had up until this 
point considered myself conveniently 
desensitized to on-screen suffering. But 
“Mulholland Drive,” along with the rest of 
the films in Lynch’s bizarre, genre-defying 
and wholly disturbing oeuvre, continued 
to haunt me long after the credits rolled. 

Lynch’s unique success is built upon 
(a) his command over every aspect of 
filmmaking, from his jarring imagery and 
labyrinthine storytelling, to his meticu-
lous sound design, (b) his uncanny grasp 
on the human subconscious, and (c) the 
undeniable fact that the man is com-
pletely and unpretentiously batshit insane 
— all setting his convention-tweaking 
apart from “(500) Days of Summer”-type 
quirk, resulting in his construction of 
intensely real emotions. 

So, for any fan of Lynch’s subversive 
nightmares, the director’s recent stir in 
the music is something to celebrate.

Lynch has already released two tracks 
from his not-so-inappropriately-titled 
Crazy Clown Time (set for release in 
November) and, thankfully, they are 
as predictably unpredictable as anyone 
might have hoped. The first single, “Good 
Day Today” finds the 65-year-old auteur 
trying on glossy, downplayed synth-pop 
(of course, with his own delicate flourish-
es — “Paper Planes”-like gunshot sound 
effects and quiet, vocoder crooning). 
And it totally works — the track is catchy, 
unnerving and unexpectedly in vogue. 

The seven-minute title track, on the 
other hand, dons Tom Waits-inspired 
theatrics over a stomping barroom 
march, as a squealing Lynch narrates an 
encounter between three characters who 
take their shirts on and off, scream at one 
another and vomit beer.

It’d be a curve-ball move for anyone 
else, but coming from the genius behind 
“Twin Peaks,” it’s a goddamned event. 
Nightmares are frightening, but with 
Lynch at the wheel, I have no intention 
of waking.

REN EBEL

rebel@ucsd.edu

Beer and
 Loathing

MOVIE PREVIEW

THE ART OF 
SHIT-TALK

TrashTalk Theater places
audience in the hot seat.

By Tanner Cook 
& Ren Ebel

O
n “The Muppet Show,” elderly, shit-
talking theatergoers Statler and 
Waldorf always had something to 
say about the evening’s performance, 

be it amnesic non sequitur or snappy criticism 
(“That was the medium sketch. It wasn’t rare and 
it certainly wasn’t well done!”). But Jim Henson, 
who even voiced Waldorf, knew exactly what he 
was doing. There was something so satisfying 
about watching these two old bastards pour out 
their conjoined subconscious from the safety of 
their stage-side balcony — it lampooned criticism 
and performance in equal measure, prompting us 
to join in with our own stupid interjections.

Now, media artist Jason Ponce’s interactive 
TrashTalk Theater offers us that very opportunity. 

“In some respects TrashTalk Theater plays 
out like a typical movie theater-type experience,” 
Ponce told the Guardian in an email interview. 
“People come together, a film screens and the 

audience takes it in. But that is 
sort of where the similarities end. 
At a TrashTalk Theater screen-
ing anyone with a web-enabled 
device such as a laptop, a tablet 
computer or a smartphone can 
send commentary directly to the 
screen during the film.”

And this collision of interac-
tive media, improv comedy and 
Web 2.0 is the crux of TrashTalk’s growing appeal. 
A unique take on the “everyone’s a critic” adage, 
TrashTalk puts the critic’s own performative skill 
to the test, often to hilarious effect.

“It's a chance for people to have a hand in 
rewriting something that is usually presented to 
them in a highly regulated, locked-down kind of 
way,” Ponce said. “Pay me. Sit there. You laugh 
here, here and here. Begin. Now leave. I think 
with TrashTalk there is something slyly transgres-

sive about how it reclaims some of that 
authority.”

A UCSD alumnus, Ponce’s experi-
mentation with the artist-consumer 
relationship arose from his own frustra-
tions at the restrictions of the gallery 
format. 

“I have been very interested in using 
the natural interdynamics of groups as 
content for interactive artworks,” Ponce 

said. “The gallery is a very specific kind of space, 
and carries with it very specific kinds of meanings. 
It's a pre-loaded environment. So this lead to me 
making projects that were portable, relatable, not 
site-specific and, most of all, fun.”

Taking cues from shows like “Mystery Science 
Theatre 3000,” TrashTalk places the audience in a 
space between reality and the world created by the 

“TRASHTALK THEATER” 

When: Oct. 18, 8 p.m.

Where: The Loft

Tickets: $4

Phone:  (858) 534-8497

Online: artpwr.com

See TRASH page 8

MOVIE REVIEW

Playing Politics
‘Ides’ updates classic tragedy 
Alex Reed • Contributing Writer

Capping off an endless run of intelligent political thrillers (“Good Night, and Good Luck,” “Syriana,” 
“Michael Clayton”), George Clooney helms 
yet another, “Ides of March” — this time as 
writer, directer and, of course, smirky and 
charming costar. And while there are no 
surprising insights into campaign life, taut pacing and an excellent cast 
help “Ides of March” capture betrayal and loss of innocence in a new 
light.

As suggested by its title, a reference to the soothsayer’s lethal 
premonition in Shakespeare’s “Julius Caesar,” the film is inspired 
by the classic tragedy (though based off the play “Farragut North” 
by Beau Willimon), transplanting it into a modern-day political 
race wherein the “ides” now mark the date of the Ohio Democratic 
Primary election. Clooney casts himself as the candidate, Pennsylvania 
Governor Mike Morris, whose managers Paul Zara (Philip Seymour 
Hoffman) and Stephen Meyers (Ryan Gosling) juggle interviews and 
pen speeches in the weeks leading up to the primary. 

Though the campaign belongs to Morris, his face is seen more 

IDES OF MARCH 
Starring: Ryan Gosling 
& George Clooney
101 min.
Rated R
B+

See MARCH page 7

JEFFREY LAU/GUARDIAN



often in Obama-style tri-tone posters 
than in person. So, like Marcus 
Brutus, Meyers and his conflict 
comprise the story’s focus.

It’s a direction beautifully 
posed in the opening shot: Meyers 
stands at a podium and delivers 
the opening lines of a captivating 
campaign speech.We believe him 
to be the candidate until the empty 
auditorium is revealed — it’s only 
a sound check. Clooney directs the 
illusion cleverly, establishing Meyers’ 
hidden ambition as reaching further 
than the confines of junior campaign 
manager — an ambition that will 
inevitably lead him to trouble.

At the start, however, Meyers 
is the most idealistic man on the 
campaign, coming into sharp 
contrast against his cunning and 
cynical senior manager, Zara. 

Hoffman fits the character perfectly: 
gruff, fierce, quick and ruthless. The 
two have a nice dynamic, as actors 
and in character — Gosling himself 
a confident rising star and Hoffman 
a well-established one.

The biting, confident script 
penned by Beau Willimon (adapting 
his own play) and Grant Heslov and 
Clooney himself paints the political 
machine as a corrupt place, full of 
betrayal, double-crosses and sold 
souls. 

Morris’ Democratic opponent’s 
manager, Tom Duffy (Giamatti), for 
example, offers Meyers a position 
in the rival campaign, and with 
Morris’ prospects not looking great, 
he agrees to talk to him — a decision 
that will inevitably follow him for 
the rest of the film.

Gosling’s intensity is coolly 
subdued — never approaching 

the head-smashing ferocity of his 
performance in “Drive” earlier 
this year — as he pulls perhaps 
his most realistic performance to 
date. There is a scene where after 
one betrayal, he strides into Duffy’s 
office to learn of another — and 
here we see the full transformation 
from a naive anger at the unfairness 
to a realization that he should 
have expected this from the start. 
Gosling wisely holds back here, not 
indulging himself in a over-the-
top cathartic outburst, but instead 
keeping his anger on a tight leash. 
The closing shot, in fact, is a close-
up of Gosling’s face in an interview, 
removed of expression, held long 
enough to see the pain trapped in 
his eyes. It’s a quiet notch up for 
Clooney’s lucrative hobby, and an 
affirmation of Gosling’s already-
evident talent.

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

&NOW FESTIVAL: TOMORROWLAND FOREVER
LITERATURE BUILDING/ OCT. 14-16, 8 A.M.-9 P.M./ FREE

HIATUS PICKS THE WEEK’S BEST BETS

EXIT STRATEGY
REEL ROCK FILM TOUR
PORTER’S PUB
OCT. 13, 7 P.M. 
FREE
 
UCSD-TV: LA JOLLA MUSIC 
SCENE
UCSD-TV
OCT. 14, 8 P.M. 
FREE

 
SEA DAYS
BIRCH AQUARIUM
OCT. 15, 11 A.M. 
$9 
 
OCEANSIDE: FILM AND ART 
SHOW

THE LOFT
OCT. 15, 6:30 P.M. 
$5

 
ZEE AVI & MATT GRUNDY
THE LOFT
OCT. 16, 8 P.M. 
$15 
 
VERTIGO DANCE COMPANY
MANDEVILLE CENTER
OCT. 19, 8 P.M. 
$10 
 
SPIKE & MIKE
THE LOFT
OCT. 19, 8 P.M. 
FREE 

DRUTHERS 

THIS WEEK ON CAMPUS

The &NOW Festival is a biennial celebration of literature — be it in non-
fiction, poetry, theater, conceptual art or media. The festival will feature 
seminars and themed discussions hosted by a number of preeminent 
authors, artists and scholars including Connie Samaras, Miranda Mellis 
and Ricardo Dominguez, and many more. 

FOSTER THE PEOPLE & CULTS
SOMA / OCT. 19, 7 P.M. / $25

If for some unlikely reason you haven’t heard “Pumped Up Kicks” quite 
enough, or your looking for an upbeat evening set to danceable, indie-rock 
anthems, L.A.’s Foster the People will perform at Soma Wednesday night. New 
York’s Cults thrilled critics and gained an overnight fan-base with last sum-
mer’s self-titled debut, featuring glimmering pop earworms like “Go Outside” 
and “Most Wanted.” Openers Reptar will also perform. 

▶ MARCH fromÊpageÊ7

Confident Script Backs Gosling in ‘Ides Of  March’



Subscribe to The Red Bulletin at low Charter Rates
12 issues (1 year) $ 12.00
Subscribe online today: www.redbulletin.com

And get the lifestyle magazine from 
the World of Red Bull every month.
Allow 4 to 6 weeks for delivery of your first issue.

Your one stop shop 
for Action, Sports, Travel,  
Arts and Music

Save 
80 %

Off the cover 
price

RB_USCD_5x8.indd   1 10/5/11   10:53 PM

VERTIGO 
DANCE
COMPANY [ISRAEL]
Wednesday, October 19, 2011 / 8pm
Mandeville Auditorium, UC San Diego

With a studio in Jerusalem and another home base in 
the form of an eco-art village on a kibbutz, Vertigo Dance 
Company showcases the exceptional artistry and socially 
conscious vision of its artistic directors and partners in 
life, Noa Wertheim and Adi Sha’al. Their San Diego debut 
performance of their latest work, Mana, will take you on 
a fascinating journey through light and dark, interior and 
exterior, quiet restraint and extreme physicality.

at UC San Diego

artpower.ucsd.edu / 858.534.8497

          “ArtPower! performances are 
the only in town that bring both professional    
      and student populations out en masse—
     nobody wants to miss these shows.”

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 9

ALBUM REVIEWS

A ll these wasted miles, all those aimless drives,” drones Martin Courtney 
on the chorus of “Green Aisles,” 
a standout track off Real 
Estate’s sophomore effort, Days. 
The lyric represents the New 
Jersey band well: Bored, nos-
talgic and a little bit sad, like a 
suburban 16-year-old driving 
nowhere for the first time.

Sonically, their latest doesn’t 
stray far from the formula they 

adopted on their self-titled 
debut — meandering guitar 
lines layered over lazy drums 
and wistful lyrics — though 
Courtney’s songwriting is 
tighter, and the rest of the band 
follows suit.

The sound quality is amped 
up thanks to Kevin McMahon 
(Titus Andronicus). Where 
they once sounded like they 
were playing underwater, the 
band now comes across sur-
prisingly polished. This new-
found gloss is most notable on 
“Municipality,” as guitarist Matt 
Mondanile’s signature jangli-
ness gets refined into a hook 
Weezer might have played back 
in 1994.

But Real Estate is not an 
exciting band.  Many of their 
tracks have no vocals at all. 
And when they do, they’re sub-

dued — perhaps an aesthetic 
choice or, more likely, a reflec-
tion of Courtney’s lack of con-
fidence as a vocalist. Plus, lyrics 
or not, the songs wallow more 
than they soar. 

But it’s precisely this wal-
lowing that makes Days the 
perfect post-summer listen. 
There are tracks like the stellar 
“Wonder Years,” which evolves 
from wistful, indie-rock (à 
la fellow Jersey natives Yo La 
Tengo) to Beach Boys-style 
“do-do-do’s” — combining two 
generations and two seasons 
of bored adolescents into one 
lovelorn ditty that flawlessly 
captures the quiet discontent, 
doubt and monotony of being 
young and self-absorbed. 

— Arielle Sallai
MANAGING EDITOR

Suburban indie-rockers clean up their breezy sound
Jersey Boys

Real Estate
Days
DOMINO

7
10

film, establishing “more of an odd social experi-
ment than a night at the movies,” Ponce said.

In addition to displaying their snarky remarks 
for all to see, TrashTalk audience members 
can also vote to rewind particularly amusing 
moments of the film. They can even switch user 
names and play incognito.

“There was one person at a recent TrashTalk 
event who submitted all their comments from 
the point of view of the lead character's medulla 
oblongata,” Ponce said. “It was totally confusing. 
A winning strategy if I ever heard one.”

Though TrashTalk’s anything-goes format 
attracts its share of wildly left-field antics, the 
uncensored anonymity is not always a pretty 
sight. 

“When I created the project it is true I was 
expecting a certain degree of peeling away with 
respect to how people's inner dialog was going 
to get represented publicly,” Ponce said. “But I'm 
not sure I was prepared for exactly how raw it 
can get. It is sometimes shocking how quickly a 
smart little back-and-forth or a series of astute 
observations can descend into utter depravity.”

But Ponce learned to greet this debauchery 
with open arms, echoing the chaos with his own 
arsenal of disturbing and demented B-movies. 
On Tuesday, Ponce will bring TrashTalk Theater, 
along with Charles Busch’s campy horror-com-
edy “Psycho Beach Party” to the Loft, providing 
UCSD students with our own balcony seats to 
a show that, for one night only, will encourage 
and even celebrate our dismissive elitism and off-
color wisecracks. 

▶ TRASH fromÊpageÊ6

Beach Babes Serve as TrashTalk Fodder



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  T H U R S DAY,  O C TO B E R  13,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

HOUSING
SINGLE ROOM CLOSE TO UCSD/UTC- 
TOWNHOUSE Clean, close to campus, and in a 
beautiful location! A single bedroom is avail-
able in a townhouse just off Eastgate. It’s a 
beautiful place, and just a little ways from the 
Regents Bus.

We don’t mind males or females, as long as they 
are generally clean, friendly, and not wild at 
home. In-house laundry and small patio. There 
is a parking spot available at this time as well. 
Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to 
Listing ID: 13465313

La Jolla Colony living room rent for $300. I 
am renting out the spacious living room @ La 
Jolla Colony apartment complex. It is 3 mins 
walking distance to Arriba school shuttle and 
201 bus stop. You can have the whole living 
room space +patio. You will share the bathroom 
with one of the people. The bathroom is not 
inside the bedroom, therefore, it will be much 
more convenient than some of the apartment 
has bathroom inside the bedroom. If you are 
interested in the living room space, feel free to 
contact me either by email or cell phone. Reply 
online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing 
ID: 13400393

$675 master bedroom(single) - Master bed-
room available on Decoro St. in UTC area. The 
complex is called “La Jolla Terrace.” It’s walking 
distance from Costa Verde Shopping Center, 
UTC mall, UCSD Arriba Shuttle, and all the major 
shuttles in the area. Ideal for UCSD students 
and researchers in the area. The room is very 
good size--pretty spacious. The apartment is on 
the second floor of the complex.Reply online 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 
13411835

Master bedroom rent for $800 - I am a female 
UCSD student renting out the master bedroom 
with private bathroom and spacious closet. It is 
good size for single or double. The apartment is 
about 2 mins walking distance to Arriba school 
shuttle and 201 bus stop. If you are interested 
in the place, feel free to contact me either by 
email or by cell. Reply online at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds to Listing ID: 13400390

SINGLE Room For Rent in La Jolla starting 
November 11th, 2011. 1 single bedroom in 
2-story apartment for rent. 10 min walk from 
UCSD shuttle and bus stop (close to Vons). 
Quiet community close to parks. Unit has: 2 1/2 
bathrooms (2 upstairs, 1/2 downstairs), patio 
downstairs, balcony upstairs, laundry room with 
washer/dryer, furnished living room and kitchen 
*MUST be OK with living with a small dog, NO 
smoking, Male/female both ok, Will share apart-
ment with 3 others (recent UCSD/UCLA alumni) 
Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to 
Listing ID: 13465091

FOR SALE
The Cataracs tickets $15 at UCSD - 4 available 
- $15. Turn out I can’t go because I will be out 
of town, so selling the 4 tickets I bought! Text 
me at if interested! Or respond this. Trying to 
sell ASAP so first come first serve! Doors open 
at 8pm, concert begins at 9pm. $15 each ticket. 
Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to 
Listing ID: 13400411

‘01 Audi A4 1.8T Quattro. 5-speed with low mile-
age - $6750. Low mileage & lots of fun to drive! 
2001 Audi A4 1.8L 4-cyl. Turbo with quattro 
all-wheel drive & 5-speed manual transmission. 
93k miles. Good/excellent condition. Well main-
tained & reliable, Always garaged, Looks & runs 
great, No accidents, One owner, Very clean inte-
rior. Bose premium sound, Universal transmitter, 
Split rear seats, Xenon headlamps, Fog Lamps, 
anti-theft & more! Priced below Kelley Blue 
Book. $6750/ first reasonable offer. Visit http://
www.chanda.net/audi for more information or 
call/email for a test drive. Don’t miss this one! 
call: (858) 779-4248 email: audilj@gmail.com

JOBS
EGG DONOR WANTED!! - $6000 Loving couple 
with big dreams of starting our family in need 
of a generous soul willing to share her eggs 
with us. If you are Healthy, at least 5’5’, beauti-
ful, intelligent and creative with BLUE eyes and 
MEDIUM toned skin we’d love to hear from you. 
Please send recent photos, description of your-
self and family health history to tracy333@aol.
com. Compensation $6,000+

Data Entry / Project Coordinator - We are a 
construction/repair company located in Irvine, 
looking for a Project Coordinator / Data Entry 
Processor with Customer Services focus. 
Overview: This position is responsible for terri-
tory work order coordination, billing/process-
ing while maintaining superior vendor/client 
support. Tasks include interacting with vendors 
and the client on a daily basis via headset/email, 
completing high volume of work orders, and 
documenting notes/billing work orders in the 
computer system. Furthermore, this position 
is responsible for ensuring accuracy of data 
entry orders, diligently answering and following 
up inbound /outbound calls and emails with 
vendors/clients, while managing quality and 
consistency of work. Primary Responsibilities: 1. 
Process/bill high volume of work orders within a 
specified territory 2. Follow and adhere to work 
order procedures carefully and efficiently while 
facilitating a professional work environment. 
Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to 
Listing ID: 13421376

Outside B2B Sales - Catapult Your Sales Career 
with Paycom Our CEO believes in reward-
ing a job well done! In 2010, he designed an 

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Executive Compensation Plan that 
allows top performers to earn $100K+ 
within the first 12 months. Since this 
program went into effect, Paycom 
has had a 0% turnover rate with sales 
representatives having met one year 
of service.   Paycom offers a unique 
opportunity for individuals who have 
a level of sophistication and drive that 
no other organization has in place. 
This position is a great fit for a some-
one who is interested in meeting with 
top-level Executives every day and 
helping them to optimize their cur-
rent HR and Payroll processes.   This 
professional sales position will teach 
you how to think at an executive level 
in a fast-paced environment. Starting 
base salary is $45K plus uncapped 
commission, with the opportunity to 
increase your base salary up to $100K. 
We have a 50% close ratio - the best 
in the industry! Reply online at ucsd-
guardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 
13421371

PART TIME SITTER NEEDED - Busy 
Carmel Valley family looking for occa-
sional sitter for weekday afternoons 
and/or weekend evenings. $15/hour. 
Must be able to provide references. 
Please email cpeotspencer@aol.com 
for more information.

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Complete the grid so
each row, column and
3-by-3 box (in bold
borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09surf.
t

COMING SOON TO L IBRARY WALK. . .

to .ucsd.edu



10
 

T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  T H U R S DAY,  O C TO B E R  13,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

STUDENT DISCOUNT WITH THIS AD!
COME BY EITHER OF
 OUR 2 LOCATIONS! 

8657 Villa La Jolla Drive "inside the mall above the Theater"
8650 Genesee Ave, "Next to the Post Office above Bristle Farms"    Costa Verde Center

MON - THURS • 11AM - 8PM  //  FRIDAY • 11AM - 4PM
http://hdh.ucsd.edu/bistro  //  For reservations, call 858.822.4275

An exciting new campus 

restaurant featuring a modern 

design, open kitchen, and sushi 

bar. Chefs choose from the best 

local and organic ingredients 

to create delicious Pacifi c-Rim 

inspired entrees, noodle dishes, 

and vegetarian fare. 

The Master of Science in Computer Science
America excels at entrepreneurship and the University of San Francisco 
claims one of the top entrepreneurial business schools. USF offers the 
classic MSCS in computer science and software development, along with 
an emphasis in Entrepreneurship. The emphasis blends a classic 
Master’s Program in computer science with MBA courses, including 
Global Product Development and Entrepreneurial Management.

Other Arts and Sciences Master’s Programs:
Asia Pacific Studies ■ Biology ■ Biotechnology ■ Chemistry 
Economics ■ Environmental Management ■ International and 
Development Economics ■ International Studies ■ Public Affairs 
Sport Management ■ Web Science ■ Writing (MFA)

DeTAilS? Call 415.422.5101 or email asgraduate@usfca.edu

APPliCATiOn/infOrMATiOn PACkeT? 
www.usfca.edu/grad/requestinfo

ViSiT TheSe PrOgrAMS AT: www.usfca.edu/asgrad

change the world from here

pursue your

Master’s Degree

60,000 eyes & other good reasons.
Call 858-534-3467 to reserve your spot!

ucsdguardian.org

Why Advertise in
the Guardian?

Reserv
e

for nex
t

quarter
!



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  T H U R S DAY,  O C TO B E R  13,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G 11

from us."
On Friday, the Tritons played Chico State 

to another close 2-1 finish.
Again, UCSD was forced to come back 

from behind, when a scramble in the 18-yard 
box resulted in an own-goal off a corner kick 
to put the Wildcats up 1-0.

UCSD equalized in the 60th minute, with 
another own goal in favor of the Tritons. 
Running down field, Wolfrom found Ball. 
Looking to cross, Ball sent the ball towards 
the goal, which bounced off a Wildcat player 
and snuck past Chico goalkeeper Sam Evans.

Just five minutes later, Chico midfielder 
Chris Akwaja recorded the game winner, 
after getting around a defender and sending 
the ball past sophomore goalkeeper Jesse 
Brennan.

"The game against Chico was pretty even-
ly matched, it kind of went back and forth," 
Pascale said. "I thought our guys did a great 
job in the second half by coming out and 

attacking Chico. But [Akwaja] is a great 
player, he made a great play to give them the 
lead, which was completely against the run of 
play. And it was a little bit of a heartbreaker 
for us."

The Tritons are still looking to position 
themselves for a spot in the conference play-
offs. UCSD will finish off the regular season 
with their remaining six games at home, 
against stiff conference competition.

"We're a little bit on the outside look-
ing in, but we're by no means out,” Pascale 
said. “But we will be playing Dominguez, 
[Los Angeles], Sonoma, and Pomona, all 
the teams that we're in competition with in 
the standings. I think if we can get a couple 
favorable results, we'll be right in it."

UCSD is set to face off against CSU 
Los Angeles this Friday, Oct. 14, and CSU 
Dominguez Hills on Sunday, Oct. 16.

 
Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@
ucsd.edu

On Sunday, the Tritons made the trip up to 
Stanislaus and tied the Warriors 0-0.

For the second straight match, the Tritons 
were outshot, as Stanislaus recorded 17 to 
UCSD's 15.

The Tritons held the advantage on corner 
kick opportunities, with UCSD tallying nine 
on the night. But despite being the most lethal 
deadball finishers in the conference, Warrior 
goalkeeper Millie Brown kept the game score-
less with six saves.

"We got outshot in the first half," Armstrong 
said. "But at half time, we just took a deep 
breath and focused on what we needed to do 
— getting the ball under control, keeping it on 
the ground and looking to pass more."

Senior midfielder Shelby Wong led all 
players with six shots, while the Warriors' 
All-American second team selection Karenee 
Demery looked dangerous, recording four 
shots of her own.

"Stanislaus is a very athletic squad, and 

[Demery] in particular is very dangerous with 
her speed up top,” Armstrong said. “She defi-
nitely caused problems for us."

Senior midfielder Annie Wethe nearly won 
it for UCSD in the second overtime period. 
Wethe found the net, beating the keeper after 
a scramble in the 18-yard box, but the ball was 
saved by a Warrior defender on the goal line.

The two draws hurt the Tritons in the 
national standings, dropping them from No. 
2 to No. 6, but UCSD looks poised to end the 
regular season on top.

"We're confident going into the games this 
weekend," Armstrong said. "We know that if 
we play our game, we can beat pretty much 
anyone and get the job done."

The Tritons are set to begin their sixth 
game homestead on Friday, Oct. 14, against 
South Division rivals CSU Los Angeles, and 
CSU Dominguez Hills on Sunday, Oct. 16.

 
Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@
ucsd.edu

Tritons in Fight For Playoff Berth UCSD Looks To Continue Hot Streak 

▶ W. SOCCER, fromÊpageÊ12▶ M. SOCCER, fromÊpageÊ12

part of their game, and we've been making big strides in that," 
Assistant Coach Timmer Willing said. 

In the singles component, UCSD took five out of their six 
matches against UC Riverside, with wins from Yoshida, West and 
Sousa, as well as Max Jiganti and Maxence Dutreix.

In the second day of competition, the UCSD doubles teams 
were swept by UC Irvine, though the Tritons faired well in singles, 

beating players from Loyola and UC Riverside.
"The Irvine Invitational was good," Willing said. "It gave us a 

good measuring stick on the competition we will be facing and I 
think as a whole we found some areas of weakness, and we were 
also surprised by some areas of strength."

UCSD finished the third day by sweeping Concordia College 
in singles, while West and Sousa picked up another 9-8 win against 
Loyola Marymount's Alex Wilton and Sebastian Bustamante.

Sousa and West, who made an appearance at the compe-

tition last year with graduating senior Erik Elliott, will now 
head to Alabama to compete in the ITA National Small College 
Championships.

 "[West and Sousa] are playing well," Willing said. "I think that 
a lot of the summer work that they do prepares them well, coming 
into the tournament to qualify. And right now, they seem very men-
tally and physically ready to show up at this tournament."

 
Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.edu

UCSD Doubles Duo, West and Sousa Prepare for Small College Nationals

Sophomore midfielder Cory Wolfrom has recorded three assists in his past fiour matches.
BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN

Senior midfielder Shelby Wong led all players on Sunday, recording six shots against CSU Stanislaus.
BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN

▶ M. TENNIS, fromÊpageÊ12

Senior outside hitter Katie Condon recorded 22 kills in the Tritons’ fifth set loss to Chico State.
BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN



MEN’S/WOMEN’S SOCCER

WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL

MEN’S WATER POLO

10/14
10/16
10/14
10/15
10/14

VS CSU Los Angeles
VS CSU Dominguez Hills
AT San Francisco State
AT Cal Poly Pomona
VS UC Santa Barbara

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMESSPORTS

RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  T H U R S DAY,  O C TO B E R  13,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

Tritons Drop Two Games on the Road

Tritons Show Strong at UCI Invite

The doubles team of Austin West and Devon Sousa record wins in Irvine.
NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

By Rachel Uda
Sports Editor

Despite three commanding wins leading up to their northern road trip on Friday, the men’s 
soccer team fell 2-1 to Chico State, and 
on Sunday lost 2-1 to CSU Stanislaus in 
double overtime.

After trailing 1-0 for most of the game, 
UCSD was awarded a penalty kick when 
Chico fouled sophomore midfielder Cory 
Wolfrom. The foul was one of 40 for the 
game.

With just 23 minutes remaining, junior 
midfielder Alex Portela — the Tritons' top 
scorer — put away the penalty kick to tie 
the game at 1-1, pushing the game into 

overtime.
"Cory Wolfrom did a great job of get-

ting to the top of the box," head coach Jon 
Pascale said. "Chico took him down, and 
after Portela put it away we just continued 
to push forward."

The Tritons rallied, matching Stanislaus 
with two shots on goal in the first overtime 
period. The two teams retired after 100 
minutes, with the score still at 1-1.

"I thought we really dominated the 
second half," Pascale said. "I thought we 
really had them on the ropes at the end of 
the [regulation time period]."

Sophomore forward Sam Ball nearly 
won it for UCSD at the start of the second 
overtime period with a shot that deflected 
off of the left post. 

But with just two minutes remaining, 
and in need of offense, Stanislaus put 
freshmen Austin Schwalbach and Paul 
Oei onto the pitch. Just 36 seconds later, 
Oei found Schwalbach in front of the net, 
and the freshman finished the golden goal 
opportunity to end the game.

"The game against Stanislaus was at 
the tail-end of a very long road trip," 
Pascale said. "We give Stanislaus a lot of 
credit. Their style of play is to disrupt 
your rhythm, and in the first half we 
had a tough time breaking them down. 
Unfortunately, into overtime, they kind of 
caught us on our heels, and it was just one 
of those games that we just let slip away 

See M. SOCCER,Êpage 11

Battling to two scoreless draws this weekend against CCAA North Division squads, Chico State and Cal State Stanislaus, UCSD put together their longest undefeated streak since 
the program moved up to Division II in 2001.

With an 8-0-4 overall record (7-0-3 in the CCAA), the Tritons 
sit comfortably at the top of the conference, four points ahead of 
second place CSU Los Angeles in the standings.

The 0-0 draw against Chico, the top-ranked squad in the North 
Division before the game, knocked the Wildcats into second 
place, throwing them into contention with Sonoma State, Cal Poly 
Pomona and San Francisco State — teams that are separated by 
only one point in the standings. The squads will jostle in the last 
stretch of conference matches to position themselves for playoff 
berths.

"We came in knowing that they'd be important games, and that 
doing well would give us a lot of security within our division," 
senior goalkeeper Kristin Armstrong said.

On Friday, Chico State became the second team to shut out the 
Tritons this season, as UCSD has allowed only three goals in 12 
games and has outscored its opponents by an average of 4.5 goals 
in the past three games.

But the scoreless result was not for a lack of offense. The two 
teams racked up 30 shots in the night, with the Wildcats outshoot-
ing the Tritons 17-13.

The match highlighted the performances of goalkeepers on 
both sides.

Armstrong tallied a season-high nine saves in the double over-
time bout, while goalkeeper Brianna Furner kept the net clean for 
Chico, denying the Tritons in their eight attempts on goal.

"We played well the first half against Chico," Armstrong said. 
"We were coming at them strong, but they put a lot of pressure on 
us and it was hard for us to keep the ball under possession. It made 
it really difficult to play the way we usually play."

See W. SOCCER,Êpage 11

By Rachel Uda
Sports Editor

The men’s tennis team had another strong showing last weekend, posting wins against stiff competition at the UC Irvine 
Invitational.

Playing off against Southern California oppo-
sition, the feature hosted UCSD along with UC 
Irvine, UC Santa Barbara, UC Riverside, Loyola 
Marymount and Concordia College. 

The Invitational served as a warm-up for the 
doubles team of junior Austin West and sopho-
more Devon Sousa, who earned a spot at the 
National Small College Championships on Oct. 
13-16 in Mobile, Alabama, after winning the ITA 
West Region Championship two weeks ago on 
Oct. 1-2.

UCSD had a strong showing in the first day 
of the tournament. West and Sousa took the first 
match, beating the UC Santa Barbara duo of 
Recknagel and Scott in a tight 9-8 match.

The UCSD doubles team of senior Sam Ling 
and junior Junya Yoshida also picked up a win 
against UC Santa Barbara's Mathieu Forget and 
Mbonisi Ndimande, 8-6.

"We've been working pretty hard on doubles 
over the last couple of years, and some of our 
juniors and seniors are really improving on that 

See M. TENNIS,Êpage 11

WATER POLO

TRITONSÊSTILLÊUNDEFEATED
BY RACHEL UDA • SPORTS EDITOR

PHOTOS BY BRIAN YIP • GUARDIAN 

The UCSD women’s soccer team remains without a loss in 12 straight matches.

The Tritons fell to both Chico State and CSU Stanislaus 2-1 in weekend bouts.
BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN

1     2      3     4    Total
2        1         3        2           8

6         2    5        5           18CAL (NO. 2)

UCSD (NO. 9)Oct. 9, 2011
Cal @ UCSD

The No. 9 men’s 
waterpolo team 
fell to No. 2 Cal 
on Sunday, 18-8. 
The loss drops the 
Tritons to 11-4 
overall.

UCSD is slated 
to play their last 
eight season match-
es  at home, follow-
ing a game against 
No. 12 CSU Long 
Beach played on 
Wednesday.

Next up for the 
Tritons will be No. 
5 UC Santa Barbara, 
on Friday, Oct. 14.


	101311News
	101311Opinion
	101311Hiatus
	101311Classifieds_PG9
	101311Sports



