
TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XXVIII

SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT INSIDENIGHT WATCH

TUeSDAY
Height:  6 ft.

Wind: 7-10 mph
Water Temp: 67 F

WeDneSDAY
Height:  6 ft.

Wind: 9-10 mph
Water Temp: 67 F

ThURSDAY
Height:  6 ft.

Wind: 5-10 mph 
Water Temp: 67 F

FRiDAY
Height:  6 ft.

Wind: 2-10 mph 
Water Temp: 67 F

LOw

$3.83
Costco, Chula Vista
1144 Broadway & Oxford St.
HIGH

$4.55
Chevron, Pacific Beach
1575 Garnet Ave. & Ingraham St.

ThURSDAY FRiDAYThURSDAY FRiDAY

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHWEB POLL
Will CounCil’s “save 
CliCs” Campaign be 
effeCtive?
√  Yes, our voices will be heard
√  No, it’s way too late
√  I don’t care

SUNRISE

SUNSET

5:42 A.M.

6:52 P.M. SUnDAYSATURDAYWWW.uCsDguaRDian.oRg

Comics ..................................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
Editor’s Soapbox ...................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Druthers .................................8
Classifieds ...........................10
Sudoku ................................10

TUeSDAY
H 69 L 57

WeDneSDAY
H 64 L 55

FORECAST

ThURSDAY
H 67 L 56

FRiDAY
H 69 L 57

noTeS FRom The UnDeRgRoUnD PAge 8 

By Rebecca Horwitz
Associate News Editor

A.S. Council cut $85,000 from the FallFest 
budget to fund the Campus Events Manager 
position, reducing concert’s total budget from 
$135,000 to $50,000.

In the past, the University Affairs department 
usually paid for the position’s salary, but after 
the May 25 decision the council will now fund 
70 percent of the total cost. Vice President of 

Student Affairs Meredith Madnick said budget 
cuts are to blame for University Affairs’ inability 
to completely fund the position. 

University Affairs could not pay for more 
than 30 percent of the position’s salary, according 
to Engineering Senator Parminder Sandhu. 
The Campus Events Manager, a full-time staff 
member, helps A.S. Council promote concerts, 
market events and book artists. In addition, he 
or she works with the professional side of the 
planning and gets the attention of artists that 

interest A.S. Concerts and Events.
“The manager is a mentor who [A.S. Concerts  

and Events] talk to [in order] to get help and to 
get an outside-looking view,” Vice President of 
Finance Kevin Hoang said.

The Associate Vice President of Concerts 
and Events is in charge of putting on events, 
while the manager offers feedback, support and 
resources for the AVP.

A.S. Council 
Passes Resolution, 
Starts Campaign 
to Save CLICS 
From Closure
By Nicole Chan
Associate News Editor

Following last week’s announcement 
that the Center for Library and 
Instructional Computing Services would 
close after finals, A.S. Council passed a 
resolution in support of reopening CLICS 
and launched a “Save Our Libraries” 
campaign.

“We decided to focus on CLICS 
because it is the library that affects 
undergraduate students the most,” A.S. 
President Alyssa Wing said. “If students 
commit, we could have a large bearing 
on this decision. Although the university 
librarian already announced the cuts, it 
doesn’t mean there isn’t room to negotiate.

According to Wing, A.S. Council 
has a two-fold approach against the 
closure of CLICS. In addition to the 
resolution it passed on May 25 in support 
of reopening CLICS, councilmembers 
are promoting the “Save Our Libraries” 
Facebook event —  launched on May 28 
—  which asks students to digitally sign 
a letter regarding the libraries and email 
it to Senior Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs Suresh Subramani. Students 
are encouraged to CC their letters to 
Wing so councilmembers can track the 
responses.   The campaign currently has 
891 students attending and Wing said 
approximately 50 students have emailed 
Subramani and CC’ed her. 

Wing said she intends to update 
students via a campus-wide email, 
Facebook  and website updates, but 
said she is not in support of a possible 
referendum to transform CLICS into a 
student-run space.

“If A.S. came to students for fees, it 
opens up a lot of doors for the future 
of how A.S. is seen,” Wing said. “It’s a 
dangerous direction.”

Wing said that creating the position of 
vice chancellor for equity, diversity and 
inclusion suggests that there is money to 
fund the libraries.

“If there is money to create a [new 
administrative] position, why are we 
closing down libraries?” Wing said.

A.S. Council plans to publicize the 
campaign through mass emails, flyers 
and at its quarterly pancake breakfast, 
Wing said. 

 “I just want to stress the importance 
of students to take the opportunity to 
voice their concerns with the situation,” 
Wing said. “If we mobilize students and 
get large student feedback, we’ll have the 
opportunity to be taken seriously with 
the administration.”

CLICS will close Friday, June 10 
after finals, University Librarian Brian 
Schottlaender announced on Monday, 
May 23.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at n3chan@
ucsd.edu.................................

The UCSD softball team claimed the school’s first national championship since 2001 this weekend in the 
NCAA Division II College World Series, 
after crushing No. 1-ranked University of 
Alabama-Huntsville in a resounding 10-3 
victory.

The five-day double-elimination tourna-
ment, held in Salem, Va., featured the win-
ners of each of the eight regions. The No. 16 
Tritons qualified as the West Region cham-
pions.  

In their tournament opener, UCSD de-

feated East Region champions C.W. Post in a 
strong 7-0 showing. From there the Tritons 
advanced to the winner’s bracket to take on 
the Central Region champions, where the 
Tritons took a 2-1 come-from-behind vic-
tory over No. 14 Minnesota State Mankato. 
The Tritons then defeated a tough Saginaw 
Valley State squad in a tight 2-1 win to reach 
the title game.

One win separated the Tritons from the 
program’s first-ever national championship, 
but UCSD would have to get through top-

ranked University of Alabama-Huntsville to 
claim the crown.

For a team that has struggled in gener-
ating offense all season, the Tritons had no 
problem at the plate against the Chargers. 
In the bottom of the first inning, the Tritons 
worked University of Alabama-Huntsville 
opener Whitney Toler, taking five runs off 
three hits from the pitcher. The Tritons took 
the early lead after Toler walked senior All-

COunCIL CuTS FALLFeST BudGeT By $85K

See softball, page 1

By RACHeL udA
SPORTS edITOR

PHOTO ILLuSTRATIOn 
By MATT WATSOn & 
ReBeKAH HWAnG

See fallfest, page 3



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011 NEWS

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. Celebrate the penis.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: 858-822-3793, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-6583, focus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: 858-822-3793, photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: 858-534-6582, design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: 858-822-3793, art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7691

business manager
Emily Ku 

business assistant
Tiffany Han

marketing Directors
Brandon Katzer, Annie Wang

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

advertising Design and layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Distributors
Scott Havrisik, Amanda Ku

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

page layout
Melody Chern, Praneet Kolluru, Connie Lu,                     

Arielle Sallai, Vivian Zhang

Angela Chen

Angela Chen
Arielle Sallai

Laira Martin

Nicole Chan
Rebecca Horwitz

Margaret Yau

Madeline Mann

Rachel Uda

Mina Nilchian

Ren Ebel

Monica Haider

Andrew Oh

John Hanacek

Melody Chern

Praneet Kolluru

Rebekah Hwang

editor in Chief

managing editors

news editor

associate news editors

opinion editor

associate opinion editor

sports editor

associate focus/leisure 
editor

Hiatus editor

Copy editor

photo editor

associate photo editor

Design editor

associate Design editor

art editor

Copy Readers
Monica Haider, Amanda Ku, Emily Pham,                  

Melissa Stanley

A&PS Marketing & Communications

Moving Out?
Heavy commencement tra�c on Saturday, June 11 will delay 
move outs.

Improve your move by leaving campus Wednesday through 
Friday, June 8–10.

Loading will be allowed near designated curbs in each college.

A strict 20-minute time limit will be enforced in loading zones. 
Have all your packed belongings ready to load before you park in 
these areas.

If you must move on Saturday, print and display a 
college-speci�c access permit to get past tra�c barricades. 
Permits are availabe at:

http://www.ucsd.edu/current-students/campus-services/housing/move-out.html

Transportation Services

MEAGER MOUSE By Rebekah Dyer

clOSEd qUARtERS By Kat Truong

▶ Sullivan Solar Power began 
installing an additional megawatt 
of solar panels on UCSD rooftops 
as part of a $3.52-million project. 
These additional solar panels 
will up UCSD’s total renewable-
energy production to almost five 
megawatts. 

▶ The UC Board of Regents named 
Sherry Lansing as the new board 
chair for a one-year term beginning 
July 1. Lansing will succeeding 
Russell Gould, whose term recently 
expired.

▶ San Diego native, UC Regent 
Emeritus and UCSD Foundation 
Trustee John G. Davies died on 
May 20 after a battle with cancer. 
Davies was 76.

▶ UCSD information theorist Jack 
Keil Wolf died on May 12  at age 76
from cancer.

▶ UCSD is the first university in 
California — and one of only 10 
campuses in the United States  
— to earn a “gold” sustainability-

performance rating from 
Sustainability Tracking Assessment 
and Rating System.

▶ Over $600,000 in grants have 
been awarded to UCSD’s Sexual 
Assault and Violence Prevention 
Resource Center.

▶ National Geographic named 
Scripps postdoctoral researcher 
Jennifer Burney an emerging 
explorer. 

▶ Graduate students from UCSD’s 
Jacobs School of Engineering 
created an iPhone app called 
“What’s in my Fridge?” which won 
top prize at the Yahoo! “Hack U 
Hack Day” competition held at 
UCSD. 

▶ Rice University $10 million and 
other incentives to draw three 
of UCSD’s top scientists to their 
Houston campus, including two 
physicists and a chemist.

— Compiled by Laira Martin
News Editor

▶ Currents  May 2011

To apply, visiT www.ucsdguardian.org

worK for

POSITIOnS AVAILABLe:
   ARTISTS

WRITeRS
PHOTOGRAPHeRS

edITORS
MARKeTInG ASSISTAnT

THe GUaRDiaN



NEWS TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

LighTS AND SiRenS ASCE Cut FallFest Budget to Protect Smaller Events
Friday, May 20
6:32 p.m.: Trespassing
▶ Five male skateboarders were 
jumping a fence to get into a 
construction site at Challenger Hall. 
Field interview administered.
8:10 p.m.: Kidnapping 
▶ A male taller than 5’ 3” attempted 
to kidnap a girl at Mesa Verde Hall. 
The girl screamed and rarn away 
when he let go of her. Report taken.
 
Saturday, May 21
1:36 a.m.: Report of petty theft
▶ A cell phone, a digital camera and 
$70 were stolen from Cuzco Hall. 
Report taken.
7:05 p.m.: Report of battery
▶ The reporter at Scripps Urgent 
Care Building said that the opposing 
water polo team’s coach punched his 
18-year-old son in the mouth during 
a water polo game on campus that 
day. Report taken.
7:40 p.m.: Suspicious people 
▶ Two males were going in and 
out of Shogun at Price Center and 
looked like they had something 
hidden under their jackets when 
they came back in. Gone on arrival.
 
Sunday, May 22
12:01 p.m.: Call for help
▶ A 77-year-old male walked down 
the cliff at Torrey Pines Gliderport 
and got stuck on the side of it. 
Referred to other agency.
11:58 p.m.: General disturbance
▶ Someone at Europe Hall was 
throwing ice on girls. Information 
only.
 
Monday, May 23
9:53 a.m.: Information
▶ A sphere sculpture at Center 
Hall was knocked onto its side. 
Information only.
11:42 p.m.: Medical aid
▶ A 25-year-old male broke his 
ankle playing soccer at RIMAC. 

Information only.
 
Tuesday, May 24
1:06 a.m.: Bicycle theft
▶ A male wearing a dark hoodie 
and jeans stole a bike using pliers at 
Ocean View Terrace. Report taken.
8:07 a.m.: Report of burglary
▶ Someone broke open a vending 
machine from a Main Gym locker 
room and took money from it. 
Report taken.
11:46 a.m.: Lost property
▶ The reporter lost a backpack with 
an iPad, laptop and a skateboard 
inside it at Geisel Library. 
Information only. 
 
Wednesday, May 25
1:28 a.m.: Welfare check
▶ A student at Cafe Ventanas told a 
teacher that he was being threatened 
by other students. Unable to locate.
12:59 p.m.: Information
▶ An elevator at Tenaya Hall was 
down for 24 hours due to damage. 
Information only.
3:33 p.m.: Illegal camping
▶ According to the reporter, a male 
wearing glasses, a blazer, a tie and 
shorts has been living in a tent made 
out of tree branches in the wooded 
area between the Snake Path and 
Espresso Roma. Checks OK.
 
Thursday, May 26
11:55 a.m.: Medical aid
▶ A 20-year-old female at Student 
Health had a migraine and was 
suffering from “aura and visual 
changes.” Information only.
6:54 p.m.: Fire
▶ There was a fire in a trash can 
at Leichtag Biomedical Research 
Building. The reporter tried a fire 
extinguisher on it twice. Information 
only.   

— Compiled by Sarah Kang 
Staff Writer

“The one big change in the 
structure of FallFest is not having 
the money to attract a big headliner,” 
Sandhu said.

Madnick said 
the ASCE office 
decided to keep the 
manager position 
— traditionally 
a permanent role 
staff — so his or her 
expertise could be used 
for events such as Sun 
God. 

She added that 
the office chose to cut 
funds from the FallFest 
budget because the 
alternative was cutting 
money from several 
smaller events.

“[We’ll] rework 
it with a different 
structure,” Madnick said. “[FallFest] 
won’t suffer.”

AVP of Concerts and Events Oliver 
Zhang said ASCE is in the early stages 
of planning for FallFest, but has not 
finished hiring its concerts and events 
staff, including festival coordinators. 

ASCE will be unable to properly plan 
for the changes in the FallFest budget 
until it finishes hiring staff.

Most of the work for FallFest will 
occur over summer, such as booking 

artists and arranging 
security.

Zhang said that 
having a smaller 
budget gives ASCE a 
chance to rejuvenate 
the festival. 

“Student orgs 
and the college 
festival committees 
are able to put on 
amazing events with 
great attendance 
regardless of their 
budget,” Zhang said 
in an email. “I’m 
fully confident that 
we’ll be able to put 
together a festival 

that kicks off Fall Quarter in a great 
way and gets students excited for the 
new year.”

Hoang said the decision to take 
money from the FallFest budget was 
left up to ASCE.

“Concerts and Events understood 

it would be better to take [the money] 
from one source instead of making 
each of the events smaller,” Hoang 
said.

ASCE was aware of the strain of 
taking funds from FallFest, but they 
wanted to protect smaller events.

“The reason money is coming 
out of FallFest instead of a little bit 
from a bunch of events is because the 
FallFest item can have a significant 
portion taken off of it, but still have a 
good event,” Madnick said.

Sandhu said A.S. Council is also 
cutting the Winter Triton Festival 
from the budget. This was the first 
year for the festival, which cost 
approximately $30,000, was originally 
planned for Fall Quarter, but 
headliner Donald Glover dropped 
out at the last minute, forcing ASCE 
to delay the event’s date until early 
march. 

Sandhu said the cut will save 
ASCE more money for Bear Gardens. 
There will be an additional Bear 
Garden in Winter Quarter, as well 
as new features at each Bear Garden. 

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz at 
rahorwit@ucsd.edu.................................

▶ fallfest, from page 1

The GuardIaN
Beacause ucsD Doesn’t have a journalism Program.  

applIcaTIoNs aT ucsdGuardIaN.orG. 

“[We’ll] rework it with 
a different structure. 
[FallFest] won’t suf-
fer.”

Meredith 
Madnick

Vice President oF student 
liFe



WEB
POLL
Was the 

use of 
the Word 

“China-
man” 

raCist?
Out of 
2,966 
votes.

96%  Yes, it was a racial slur.

2%  

2%

I’m not 
personally 
offended.

It was 
meant as 
a joke. 

out of context

Life doesn’t throw too many written tests at us. 
Curveballs and lemons, maybe. But not written 
tests.”

Dennis Hong
Writer, musinGs on Life and LoVe

“
4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/oPINIoN

OpiniOn
ContaCt the editor: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011

The Editor’s Soapbox — an annual tradition of having the incoming editor in chief 
writing a self-indulgent column no 
one reads — usually goes like this: “I 
never thought I was going to become 
EIC. Then I became EIC. Now we’re 
on to great things!” My three loyal fol-
lowers (Mom, Dad, Regina) will know 
that my first soapbox, last year, fol-
lowed that formula. The second time 
around, it’s a little different; here’s the 

tl;dr version: “I started this year as 
EIC. I never thought I was going to 
come back. I did and now we’re on to 
great things. And I really I hope I’m 
not wrong like I was last year.”

This year has changed me. For 
example, it made me go from some-
one who never drinks to someone 
who still never drinks, but now 
desperately wants to become an alco-
holic so I can black out the entirety 
of September to June. Then I won’t 
remember having to defend myself 
from a coworker-roommate who 
threatened legal action, or my feeble 
attempts at leading 20-year-olds out 
of a debt greater than Obama’s salary. 

In short, sometime in fall, I swore 
that as soon as the year ended, I’d 
hightail it out, scream, “I’m a free 
bitch, baby!” and never look back. 

But here I am again, because we’ve 
sandpapered away the rough edges, 
and because signing my life away for 
another year is the biggest declara-
tion of confidence I could give to this 
paper’s success — and after fighting 
the law (er, late fees) and winning, the 
optimism I have overpowers every-
thing else. 

But that’s the future, and the only 
part of the soapbox anyone cares 
about are the shout-outs for the 
people here today. So, thank you to 
Emily, who’s a better version of me, 
someone with far-reaching perspec-
tive instead of glib words, attention 
to detail instead of brute efficiency 
and genuine sympathy instead of 
diplomatic silence. Next, with no one 
but Hayley and Trevor could I have 
gained more support than I thought 
possible, karaoke videos recorded in 
Florence and 10 pounds from weekly 
2-a.m. Rigoberto’s runs. Regina, 
“long ban” and Shrek the Ogre have 
injected more delight into my life 
than I can say. Eight hugs for Neda, 
for her impeccable taste in music and 
for having what might be the biggest 
heart of anyone on staff. And I can’t 
forget Liam, as much as we argue 
about the front page photo, your 
arguments make the paper better.

Finally, to those outside the 
office: Arina — friend of 1500 pages 
of Russian lit and six-hour cupcake 
marathons, I am so glad I know you, 
and we’ll be ridin’ dirty to Ralphs for 
a long time yet. 

And for those staying behind: 
Our team will be the one to save the 
paper — and this isn’t a lie like last 
time because now I have the expe-
rience (and trauma) from plenty 
of hirings and firings to prove it. 
From Arielle’s gelato connections to 
Margaret’s U-hauling prowess, Laira’s 
money-owing skills, Mina’s flossing 
tactics, Ren’s weird faces, Andrew’s 
questionable celebrations and Becky’s 
bust-drawing (both kinds) finesse, no 
ragtag group of journalists is better to 
plow through the shit we’ve been left 
with and come up smelling like roses. 

Rapture Didn’t  
Kill Me, but 
Guardian Will

Editor’s 
Soapbox
anGeLa Chen
shchen@ucsd.edu

QUICKTAKES Grade Inflation in L.A. Schools

A voluntary program at 39 Los Angeles high schools now allows students who improve 
their scores on the California Standards Test to 
qualify for higher grades in their classes. Though 
the new system provides these students with an 
incentive to raise test scores, it inflates their grades 
to the detriment of other college applicants.

This program gives the participating students 
an advantage over those at other high schools in 
California. Outside LA, students aren’t getting 
grade boosts for doing well on standardized tests, 
which means their GPAs aren’t growing as much as 
those of LA students. George Mason University’s 
Patrick Marquardt found in a 2009 study that 
when high schools in Virginia boosted students’ 
grades for passing standardized tests, GPAs rose 
to an unprecedented level. From 1995 to 2007, the 
average high school GPA in Virginia rose from 
3.27 to 3.56, an increase of 0.79 percent a year. By 
comparison, the national average GPA grew from 
3.28 to 3.49, an annual rise of 0.5 percent. With LA 
schools’ GPA inflation, students who attend high 
schools that have held on to more stringent grad-
ing standards are at a disadvantage when it comes 
to college admissions. While grade inflation has 
been a problem for many years, there’s no need to 
make the GPA inflation gap wider.

Of course, if all California high schools imple-
mented the new program, the grade inflation gap 
might be bridged since all in-state students would 
receive the same benefits from doing well on stan-
dardized tests. But even then, grade inflation in the 
state could have national implications, especially 
for non-Californians applying to colleges that 
emphasize high school GPAs.

—Arik Burakovsky
Staff Writer

Grade Inflation Hurts Everyone
The LA Unified School District hopes to protect their schools from being shut down by creating 
a program that rewards students for improved test 
scores with a grade boost. This proposed reward 
system is a necessary and feasible option that 
will increase student scores and in turn make the 
schools viable to officials.

LAUSD, which serves almost 695,000 students, 
is known for low academic achievement, and the 
second lowest graduation rate in the United States at 
40.6 percent. Success with this program is impera-
tive for the survival for schools in this district, as 
they depend on these tests to remain autonomous. 
If schools continuously fail to meet standards, their 
worst case scenario is a school shutdown. 

LA Unified is hoping to avoid the fate of having 
its schools continuously underperform and be shut-
down. The student now has an incentive to try to 
do well because she directly benefits. This incentive 
is a hit or miss, but not every student views a grade 
increase as a worthy incentive. LAUSD is banking 
that the test incentivzes enough students.

There are other, more effective, ways to test a 
student on what she’s learned, such as performance-
based assessments that evaluate a student’s real 
work. Unfortunately, these tests are far costlier to 
implement and grade than multiple choice tests. 
Public schools are already cash strapped and these 
other tests are simply not viable options. 

While there are drawbacks with this program, 
such as promoting an inferior test type and not con-
sistently being effective in creating incentives, the 
benefits far outweigh the drawbacks. This program 
isn’t costly and, if effective, could impact troubled 
schools in very significant ways.

—Aleks Levin
Staff Writer

All of the time students have devoted to state standardized testing — shamelessly filling in 
their scantrons with bubble art — has paid off: The 
Los Angeles Unified School District is now doling 
out incentives to the tune of a GPA raise for stu-
dents who go out of their way to actually try taking 
the test and improve a level on state standardized 
testing. The fact that students need to be bribed to 
fill in the bubbles not only introduces an ineffective 
rewards system, but also draws to our attention the 
inherent flaws of state testing.

The primary purpose of education is not about 
test scores or grades, but learning. Learning is not 
reflected in this rewards system. State testing has 
shown to be a poor indicator of students’ abilities; 
According to the National Research Council, 20 to 
25 percent of teachers in the bottom groups one 
year are in the top groups the next year due to the 
standardized state testing of their students.

This grade incentive is unfortunately not 
going to increase the validity of standardized test-
ing. Alfie Kohn, an author on American educa-
tion, cites over 70 different studies in his book 
“Punished by Rewards,” as evidence that any 
form of extrinsic motivators (like grade boosts) 
are ineffective, and sometimes even counterpro-
ductive at increasing motivation and producing 
better results. According to Kohn, compliance is 
only temporary, so once the students get used to 
the grade-increase incentive, they become just as 
apathetic as before and fail to continue improv-
ing test scores. Motivating students through these 
methods is just seeking compliance, Kohn said, 
and schools should stress the importance of learn-
ing, not grades. 

—Saad Asad
Staff Writer

Incentivization Hampers Learning Incentives Necessary for Survival

FallFest Falls Short
Struggles to fund a necessary campus position means cuts in all the wrong places.

By Margaret yau * opinion editor

This just in: A.S. Council is plan-ning on cutting funds from FallFest, the second-biggest con-cert of the year, in order to pay 
for a position whose chief duties would be 
to book said headliners. Yes, the ironies are 
apparent. Thanks to UCSD’s $60-million 
budget cut, an increasingly impotent cam-
pus administration that once fully funded 
the position can now only contribute 30 
percent as of Fall 2011. It’s not a position 
that can be ignored — the Campus Events 
Manager helps with concerts and events on 
campus by arranging, marketing and book-
ing artists. So, scrambling to make ends 
meet, councilmembers have appointed 
FallFest as the sacrificial lamb, cutting its 
funding from $135,000 to $50,000. 

As a result, our student fees must now 
shoulder the brunt of a Campus Events 
Manager’s salary — an $85,000 sum. Of 
course, no matter how A.S. Council choos-
es to deal with FallFest, the administration 
passing off pay for the Campus Events 
Manager position sets a precedent for an 
increasingly slippery slope. Just this last 
year, the Transportation and Parking ser-
vices asked council to fund a transportation 
referendum to keep the shuttles running, a 
bluff our representatives — in one of  their 
ballsier moves — called and, eventually, 

denied. Council using student fees to fund 
its own positions could potentially lead to 
other academic and campus departments 
asking for financial support. In a perfect 
world, student fees should be used to fund 
student life, not fund an internal service, 
but with the university still hemorrhaging 
money, there’s little else council could have 
done about the overall cut. 

But while it’s important to fund the 
person who ensures that our concerts will 
have good headliners, in the end, council-
members shouldn’t have cut from FallFest. 
According to Vice President of Student Life 
Meredith Madnick, since the council must 
fund the position itself, the only alterna-
tive would be to cut the budgets of smaller 
events, but doing so would have created 

a better scenario:  one blowout festival in 
the fall, than some poorly attended Library 
Walk gigs every week. 

According to the Vice President of 
Finance Kevin Hoang, A.S. would be better 
off cutting a large amount from one event 
than skimming many small ones, though 
no exact numbers were given. But with 
students more likely to get excited about a 
heavily publicized, talent-heavy concert (a 
la Sun God) than a bunch of underfunded 
events, council might be needlessly diluting 
its concert funds by taking it all in one big 
chunk. 

And, with plans to cut Winter Triton 
Festival from the budget, Sun God Festival 

See FALLFEST, page 5

Rebekah DyeR/Guardian

2%



is on its way to being the only event 
in the entire year that socially mind-
ed students have to look forward to. 
Granted, WTF wasn’t a feat of glory 
— candidate after candidate trashed 
it as a money-waster during elections 
season, and attendance and plan-
ning weren’t optimal —  but there’s 
no replacement in sight. Instead, the 
money saved from the festival will 
be channeled into another Winter 
Quarter Bear Garden. This is indica-
tive of A.S. Council’s pattern of cut-
ting larger festivals in favor of smaller 
events but in this case, Bear Gardens 
are one of the most highly attended 
campus events. We can’t say the same 

for some of the smaller comments. 
At this point, it’s difficult to 

say how FallFest would work with 
nearly one-thirds of its original 
budget. According to Associate Vice 
President of Concert and Events 
Oliver Zhang, not much headway has 
been made on FallFest planning. 

The office has yet to finish hiring 
the rest of the concerts and events 
staff, and planning for FallFest, 
including hiring talent, is not going 
to happen until late this summer. 

 Because the FallFest cuts are 
unlikely to change in the near 
future, ASCE might as well scrap 
the idea of hiring modestly priced 
talent for FallFest, and channel the 
money into improving the smaller 

concerts the office wanted to priori-
tize and preseve. Or, stick to hiring 
someone to DJ — making the event 
more like the All-Campus Dance or 
Let’s Bounce than an actual music 
festival. 

The event would still be huge 
and campus-wide — it just wouldn’t 
involve the amount of money that 
headliners would require, and in the 
end, drunk students may not even 
notice the difference.

Instead of wasting money on 
cheap random talent, ASCE would 
be better off putting money into 
marketing, since the concert would 
no longer have the appeal of a big 
artist to draw students in. 

oPINIoN TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

UCSD COMMUTER STUDENT SERVICES
commuter.ucsd.edu • 858-534-3670 • offcampushousing@ucsd.edu

Price Center East, Level 1 (south of ATMs)

OFF-CAMPUS
HOUSING DIRECTORY

UC SAN DIEGO

A FREE online directory of rental and roommate 
listings provided exclusively for UC San Diego students.

Go to offcampushousing.ucsd.edu
to find your next rental or roommate! 

MASSAGE MANIA • FREE
Monday, JUnE 6
10am - 4pm
Ballroom a • Price Center West, L2

LATE BREAK AT THE GAMEROOM
1/2 PRICE POOL & PING PONG
aLL WEEk
6pm - Midnight
Gameroom • Price Center West, L2

CUPCAKES & COCOA • FREE
WEdnEsday, JUnE 8
6pm
Commuter Lounge • Price Center East, L1

THERAPY FLUFFIES • FREE
TUEsday, JUnE 7
10am - 2pm
A LiveWell UC San Diego Program

Library Walk
(Just look for Petting Palace)

BREAKFAST & BLUE BOOKS • FREE
TUEsday, JUnE 7
9am
Co-Sponsored by Commuter Student Services

Library Walk

PRICE CENTER WEST
OPEN ‘TIL 1:00 AM

WED-WED, JUNE 1-8
Thurs, June 9 • 9-12AM

PRICE CENTER EAST
OPEN 24 HRS
SUN-THURS, JUNE 5-9

INCLUDING BURGER KING

universitycenters.ucsd.edu • 858.822.2068

De-Stress
Fest
JUNE 6-10

With Concerts and Events, It’s About Quality Over Quantity

Dear Editor,
The topic of the Israeli-Palestinian 

conflict has fragmented our student 
population and produced a campus 
rife with division. In a matter of nearly 
14 months, our school has escalated 
beyond an institution of civil dialogue 
to a tense and hostile one. Various 
events and articles have riled up stu-
dents representing both sides, while 
90 percent of the student body that is 
indifferent has become increasingly 
disillusioned with this conflict.

Despite all the talk of “commu-
nity,” UCSD has been placed alongside 
UC Irvine and UC Berkeley in the 
most unflattering of lights; pitting one 
side against another and often put-
ting the most distasteful qualities of 
student activists on full display. As a 
departing student leader representing 
one of these sides, I am compelled to 
offer some final words of advice for 
my colleagues engaged in this conflict 
on campus, before bowing out of the 
debate at UCSD for good. 

I’ll start by saying that in politics, 
it’s all too easy and gratifying to go for 
the applause line – delivering rhetoric 
that provides an opportunity for “your 
side” to beat its chest while humiliat-
ing your opponent. I’ve unfortunately 
found this to be no less consistent at 
UCSD. I have personally observed 
instances of severe intellectual dishon-
esty in which Zionism (an ideology 
I strongly identify with as a Jew and 
supporter of Israel) or the plight of the 
Palestinians (with whom I sympathize 
and wish an independent state of their 
own) has been misrepresented in a 
detrimental fashion that perpetuates 
hate. No single group has the right to 
slander my national identity as a sup-
porter of Israel by categorizing me as a 
racist. Similarly, my Palestinian coun-
terparts should never be generalized 

as an entire people of terrorists. Both 
sides are entitled to their narratives, 
but the revisionist history that I have 
so often encountered has no place on 
this campus.

It would be reasonable to expect 
a certain level of dialogue to take 
place between Tritons for Israel and 
Students for Justice in Palestine, as 
they are the two groups on cam-
pus most involved in the conflict. 
However, attempts to engage in 
talks have been abysmal at best and 
this must change. It is clear TFI and 
SJP disagree on politics; therefore, 
they must start by engaging in non-
political issues. TFI hosted an unprec-
edented event this year that did just 
that by inviting SJP’s President to sit 
on a panel discussing the situation 
on campus. I would be delighted to 
see SJP host joint events with TFI in 
which there is an exchange of our 
unique traditions and discussion of 
issues such as historical and modern-
day Israeli/Palestinian cooperation.

As those who are well read on 
the conflict are fully aware, there has 
been a great deal of pain and suffer-
ing for both Israelis and Palestinians. 
It is now the responsibility of those 
representing both sides on campus to 
acknowledge this by moving forward 
in a manner that is hopeful for a 
future free of pain. Do not be fooled, 
reconciliation starts with us—act 
accordingly. 

—Michael Yadegaran
Senior, ERC

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be no longer than 500 words, 
typed, double-spaced and signed with a name and 
applicable title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit for length and 
clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of the Student Center or 
e-mailed. Send all letters to:

The UCSD Guardian
Opinion Editor

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Cooperation is Key to 
Creating Campus Peace

ThE liTTlE rinTrah By Eileen Shi

▶ FALLFEST, from page 4



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 31, 2011 CAMPUS CALENDAR

C a r e e r s

Ultimate Guide to Finding a Job - Job 
seekers will learn the most up-to-date tips for 
seeking employment in a tight market. This 
3 hour ultimate job search seminar includes 
the latest information on resume writing, 
effective networking techniques, impactful 
interviewing practice and a list of industries 
having the most growth in our current 
economic climate.  *RSVP on Port Triton 
required. 3-6pm at the Horizon Room

F u n  &  e n t e r t a i n m e n t

ASCE and University Centers Present: 
Manchester Orchestra Acoustic Nooner 
- Catch Manchester Orchestra as they play 
an exclusive UCSD acoustic set before playing 
SOMA this same night! Hailing from Atlanta, 
Georgia, Manchester Orchestra named 
themselves after the famous English City 
for where bands such as The Smiths, Happy 
Monday and Joy Division hail from. They are 
currently touring in support of their recently 
released third album, Simple Math. -- Come 
out from your constant 10th week studying 
for the best study break of the year! Free for 
all UCSD students.

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o /
L e C t u r e

Info Session – Major and Minor in the 
Study of Religion - Study of Religion is the 
ideal program for any student who, fascinated 
by core questions concerning human culture 

F u n  &  e n t e r t a i n m e n t

CYUAG BBQ - $4 Plates! - CYUAG is having 
a blow-out BBQ sale on Library Walk. Enjoy 
delicious hamburgers/cheeseburgers, 
hotdogs, chips and quench your thirst with 
bottled water. ONLY $4 a plate! See you on 
Library Walk between 11am and 3pm 
-- CYUAG (Christian Youth United for the 
Advancement of the Gospel)

Free Zumba Classes Tuesdays at The 

F u n  &  e n t e r t a i n m e n t 

Therapy Fluffy! Thursdays at The Zone 
- Pet a pup! Studies show that petting a dog 
is a wonderful way to relieve stress, so the 
Office of Student Wellness sponsors a different 
therapy dog each Thursday from 1:30 to 
2:30 pm in The Zone. You will leave with a 
warm heart and a smiling face!

Here Comes Treble: The Treble Singers’ 
First Annual Spring Variety Show - Come 
see The Treble Singers at Porter’s Pub - an 
all-female vocal ensemble - at our first annual 
spring variety show at the pub! You will get to 
see not only what our group has been working 
on, but performances by individuals in the 
group. You don't want to miss it! Doors open 
at 7:30, show starts at 8! 

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o /
L e C t u r e

‘Children’s Health Awareness Day’ (CHAD) 
Speakers’ Night and Wine Tasting - 
Interested in children's or global health? Then 
come check out CHAD Speakers' Night and 
Wine Tasting, presented by the Foundation 
for the International Medical Relief of 
Children (FIMRC) at UCSD. ickets are cheap 
and proceeds benefit our clinics worldwide. 
We will also be raffling off prizes throughout 
the night! -- Tickets will get you 3 glasses of 
wine, 3 raffle tickets and appetizers. Wine is 
for guests 21+ only. -- Including wine: $13 
pre-sale on Library Walk or online, $15 at 
the door -- Without wine: $7 pre-sale on 
Library Walk or online, $10 at the door.   
7:30pm at the Loft

a r t  &  C u L t u r e

Last Café of the academic year!   Please 
join us for a Middle Eastern lunch sponsored 
by the Department of Cellular and Molecular 
Medicine.   Lunch costs $5 and is served 
from noon until 1:15pm.   We will be 
serving: Algerian chicken with olives, rice, 
hummus and pita chips, green salad and 
konafa.

F u n  &  e n t e r t a i n m e n t

Luminance: Rising Asian-American Stars 
- The last Luminance of the year will feature 
Jenny Suk, Megan Lee, Kevin Lien, Lindsey 
Yung, and Connie Lim. The Loft flashes a light 
on these rising Asian-American stars. Watch 
them shine on stage as they break into the 
mainstream! 8:30pm at the Loft

May 31 – Jun 2 – Crafts Center Spring Sale 
- Beautiful, unique pieces for great deals!! Our 
preview sale will be May 31st, 12pm-6pm, 
and the sale will continue June 1st and 2nd, 
10am-6pm. -- We will have a wide variety of 
jewelry, glass, ceramics, t-shirts, and more! 
-- If you have any questions, you can find more 
info on our website: http://crafts.ucsd.edu

May 31 – Jun 3 – Visual Arts Dept Presents 
Micki Davis’ MFA Thesis Show: Close of Day 
- Visual Arts Dept Presents Micki Davis' MFA 
Thesis Show: Close of Day. The Exhibition runs 
May 31-June 3 from 5-9PM at the Visual Arts 

a r t s  &  C u L t u r e

Hamed Nikpay Concert: Fusion of Rumi’s 
Poetry with Moving Melodies - Iranian 
Student Association (ISTA) at UC San Diego 
proudly presents: A fusion of Rumi's poetry 
with the moving melodies and spellbinding 
voice of Hamed Nikpay. Price Center East 
Ballroom, 7pm.

Wednesday June 1

Tuesday May 31

Thursday June 2 Friday June 3

Saturday June 4

ONGOING

The Treble Singers
Thursday, June 2 

8pm, Porter's Pub

Hamed Nikpay
Saturday, June 4 

7pm, PC East Ballroom

and history, wants the intellectual freedom 
to pursue answers from a wide variety of 
perspectives. This interdisciplinary program 
offers courses in Art, Anthro, History, Sociology, 
and other areas. Students can start the program 
in their junior year; lower-division prep is not 
required. -- Come to our info session or contact 
us to learn more. The session will be held in the 
Literature Building 455, which is at the 
bottom of Warren Mall, near Canyon View 
Recreation at 2pm.

UCSD's New Writing Series is excited to 
announce an upcoming hybrid reading/
musical event from EILEEN MYLES, ANNA 
JOY SPRINGER, TARA JANE ONEIL and RACHEL 
CARNS. The reading will take place at 4:30 pm 
at Zanzibar at the Loft. This event is free and 
open to the public. For more information and 
directions: http://literature.ucsd.edu/news/
currentevents/writingseries.html or contact: 
Franciszka Voeltz:  lvoeltz@ucsd.edu  or Allison 
Moreno: allisonsmoreno@gmail.com

Women’s Self Defense Seminar - The 
Student Veterans Organization is contracting 
professional trainers from the MMA Academy of 
San Diego to conduct sexual assault prevention 
training.   Come receive FREE instruction in 
warning signs, strategies, and rudimentary 
self defense techniques. After the event, 
escorts to parking lots and bus stops will be 
provided, compliments of the Student Veterans 
Organization. -- Registration is open to all 
members of the UC San Diego community, so 
RSVP soon, as class size is limited and usually 
fills quickly.

Zone - Calorie-burning, body-energizing, awe-
inspiring movements based on Latin rhythms. 
Zumba trims and strengthens your core, and it’s 
a blast! This fun, free class is held every Tuesday 
in The Zone from 12:00-12:45 pm. Sign up 
on The Zone's website to reserve your spot!

Healthy Cooking Demonstrations w/ 
Free Food - Whole Foods, Housing, Dining 
& Hospitality, Student Health, Recreation, and 
Cups Catering sponsor these healthy cooking 
demonstrations, complete with free food! Tasty 

Week of 5/31- 6/5

Tuesdays is held every Tuesday from 5:00-
6:00 pm in The Zone. Come hungry, leave 
happy! 

Senior Concert: OK GO w/ Buddha’s Playlist 
- University Centers presents OK GO at Price 
Center West Ballroom, 7:30pm. A concert 
exclusively for UCSD students! Tickets available 
at the UCSD Box Office, regular operating hours. 
Ticket prices are $10 for graduating seniors 
(available now, while supplies last, must be 
a registered graduating UCSD student via 

universitycenters.ucsd.edu

Week
Price Center and Student Center

10

OK GO: 
SeniOr COnCert
tuesday, May 31
7:30pm Doors, 8pm Show
PC Ballroom West
$10 Seniors, $20 Students

red ridinG HOOd
thursday, June 2 • 6 & 9pm
Saturday, June 4 • 8pm
Price Center Theater
$3 Student / $5 General

PC nOOner:
ManCHeSter OrCHeStra
Wednesday, June 1 • Noon
Price Center Plaza
Free

Facility Gallery. You are cordially invited to the 
Closing Reception on Friday, June 3rd at 6PM.

May 31 – Jun 12 - Cap & Gown Rental & 
Commencement FAQs - UCSD Bookstore 
Second Floor. Visit our Facebook page to view 
a video about how to wear your cap and gown, 
information about Triton Pride Packs and FAQs 
about commencement.

Jun 1 & Jun 3 – The 47th Annual Watermelon 
Drop and Pageant - Ready to get your fill 
of watermelon? It's that time of year again. 
Come out to the Revelle Plaza, on Wednesday, 

tritonlink.ucsd.edu), and $20 for general UCSD 
Students.

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o /
L e C t u r e

Video Game Talk: game designer Terry Spier - 
The Video Game Development Club proudly presents 
a question and answer session with game designer 
Terry Spier of High Moon Studios. Terry will be 
swinging by to show off some of the work he does, 
and to answer questions from students about the 
game industry. Warren Lecture Hall 2204, 8pm.

June 1st from 11am-1pm to see your 47th 
Annual Watermelon Queen be crowned. All the 
contestants will be showcasing their amazing 
talents, so you'll be in for a show! -- But that's not 
all! Watch the newly crowned queen throw the 
honorary melon from the top of Urey Hall. Come to 
Revelle Plaza on Friday, June 3rd from 12pm-2pm! 
-- immediately following, join us for some Melon 
Madness with FREE BBQ, FREE watermelon, and 
more FREE refreshments. Take a picture with the 
new queen, too! You don't want to miss out on 
UCSD's oldest tradition.

"Need a place to practice a speech, 
presentation or interview? Have a 
question about how to email your professor 
or boss? The Center for Communication and 
Leadership offers Peer - Peer advising to give 
feedback and advice or to answer answer 
any question related to communication 
and leadership. Stop by anytime or make 
an individual appointment with the Peer 
Educators who are available every Wednesday 
from 1:00P.M - 3:00P.M in the Revelle College 
Room of Price Center. For more information 
visit http://www.ccl.ucsd.edu."



 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7

FOCUS
TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011

ContaCt the editor: focus@ucsdguardian.org

www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/foCUS

35
The amount of time, in seconds, it takes to perform 
Samuel Beckett’s play “Breath.” Allegedly, it is the 
shortest play ever written and performed.“

OVERHEARD

Wait! You look like one of 
those Swedish girls who 
hold pies.”

5:45 p.m.
CLICS LiBRARY

www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/foCUS

BY MInA nILChIAn
ASSoCIAte FoCuS edItoR

A erospace Engineering and nanoengineering pro-fessor and Brazilian native Marc Meyers has traveled to and studied in various corners of the world — including Germany, the former Soviet 
Union and New Mexico, where he did intensive work in 
explosive engineering. Twenty years ago, he arrived at 
UCSD where he decided to change his field and move away 
from, as he says, “things that can blow things up,” to focus 
on nanoscience. 

Behind the accolades and honorifics, Meyers is a bit of 
a free spirit. The back cover of his book features a photo 
of him at the beach hefting a surfboard, looking beyond at 
what is sure to be a majestic La Jolla sunset. His desk is a 
disheveled mess of papers, full of illegible scrawls. His initial 
concern was not to close the door of his office all the way; “If 
I wasn’t a guy, it would be okay, you see, but I have to keep 
it open a little bit,” he said jokingly, surely observing some 
university policy regarding appropriate student-professor rela-
tionships. 

But what truly sets Meyers apart from his colleagues, other 
than perhaps an especially cosmopolitan background, is partly 
unrelated to his field study. The engineer has just released his 
second novel, Chechnya Jihad. 

Professor Marc Meyers, an unlikely breed of 
engineer-novelist, discusses the inspiration 

behind his newest book — a tale of love, 
war and struggle, Chechnya Jihad shows 
just how much science there is behind 

the art of writing.

unCOMMONfolk

Science and Fiction 

Chechnya Jihad, 2010

Assistant professor Jean-Claude delvaux 
discovers a powerful explosive that’s 
stolen by terrorists. When delvaux 
travels to the Middle east to retrieve the 
explosion, he’s swept up in the struggle 
for Chechen liberation and finds love, 
violence and osama bin Laden.

Mayan Mars, 2006

Gustavo Chen is a widowed 
professor who surfs the La Jolla waves in 
his spare time. But Chen’s life soon kicks 

into high gear —  traversing the globe, 
the academic takes a one-man stand 

against the Martian viruses threatening to 
come to earth and form a killer plague. 

See meyers, page 9



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011 foCUS

CHECK YOUR EMAIL
AND TRITONLINK!

Financial Aid Offi ce 2011-2012

The Financial Aid Office utilizes email as an official

means of  communication with students.

Review your Financial Aid Checklist on TritonLink!

Maintain and review your UCSD email account on a regular basis, 
including during the summer.

Check this website for information on managing your UCSD 
email account: http://acms.ucsd.edu

Contact Academic Computing at (858) 534-4060 for 
assistance with your UCSD email account.

Review your checklist regularly, including during 
the summer.

Complete all required checklist items on time to
receive the best available aid.

Thank you for your patience while we process summer and fall awards.

, 
INFOCUS UNdergroUNd New play festIval

The annual Underground New Play Festival (previously called Our New Play Spectacular) is currently pre-sented by Company 157 and the theatre department at the Arthur Wagner Theatre. It brings together a host of UCSD undergraduate actors (49 total), directors and screenwriters with a veritable mix of theatre experience to produce eight original plays.
The first showcase (labeled Showcase A) features four short plays covering a wide range of topics, including a 

couple living in a country in the midst of war and an unfortunate case of amnesia. Similarly, Showcase B is com-
prised of another four mini-plays, with topics spanning from the perils of Facebook dating to the struggles involved 
in publishing one’s first novel. Showcase A opened May 25 and Showcase B followed suit on May 26.  Both show-
cases feature costume and set work done in a minimalist style.

The Underground New Play Festival runs until June 4 and entry is free for UCSD students. 
 — NEDA SALAMAT

seNIor staff wrIter

PHoToS BY CRYSTAl SHEI/GuardiaN



foCUS TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

*Offer is based on unit availability on new rentals by new customers only. Must present 
original flyer/coupon. Offer excludes applicable administration and insurance fees.  
Not valid with any discount offers. Offer has no cash value. Features vary by location. 
Void where prohibited. See manager for details. ©2011 Extra Space Storage LLC.  
Coupon Code: GUARDIAN  Offer expires June 30, 2011.

You Deserve Extra Space.

8038 Arjons Dr
San Diego, CA 92126
(858) 549-8285

8192 Miramar Rd
San Diego, CA 92126
(858) 549-2115

6360 Miramar Rd
San Diego, CA 92121
(858) 453-0696

Extra Space Storage®

 

of San Diego

FIRST
MONTH

Hurry, offer expires June 30, 2011! 

FREE!
& FREE 

MOVE-IN TRUCK 

See manager for details.

On May 23, 2011, University Librarian Brian Schottlaender announced the 
closure of the CLICS facility beginning June 10, IR/PS beginning July 1, and 

news is a ramification of the larger issue of state budget cuts and the continued 
decrease in state funding to institutions of higher education.  Our university is 
faced with making tough decisions and unfortunately, the libraries budget has 
fallen victim to this sad fiscal reality. While state budget cuts continue to force 
our university to make cuts that affect a wide range of educational resources and 
services that deeply affect our students, these expansive cuts to one of the most 
essential academic resources is unacceptable.

TELL VICE CHANCELLOR SUBRAMANI WHAT CLICS AND THE LIBRARIES MEAN TO YOU!

If you have not already, make sure you sign the online petition here:

HTTP://WWW.PETITIONBUZZ.COM/PETITIONS/SAVECLICS

THE PROCESS IS EASY!
Download the PDF file and fill in the text boxes to personalize your 
message.  You can choose to include your own personal statement, 
or send it as is and just digitally sign it.

Send the PDF to VC Subramani at EVC@ucsd.edu and CC the 
AS President at aspresident@ucsd.edu so we can track how many 
letters are being sent!

Spread the word, encourage your friends to send a letter, and make 
YOUR
voice should not be undermined!

1.

2.

3.

for more info visit as.ucsd.edu

Taking place in Chechnya, a small country 
located in southeast Europe and north of the 
Caucus mountains, Meyers tells the story of an 
assistant professor, Jean-Claude Delvaux, and 
his accidental discovery of an extremely power-
ful explosive as well as his travels to the Middle 
East. In his quest to prevent a catastrophic 
attack with the very explosives he discovers, 
Delvaux encounters and becomes a part of the 
violent struggle for Chechen liberation, wit-
nesses tragedy at the hands of violent extremists, 
has an encounter with  Osama bin Laden and 
eventually falls in love with a Chechen woman. 

Meyers got the inspiration for the illustrious 
tale back when he traveled to the Soviet Union, 
specifically to the Caucus Mountains, where he 
gained a better understanding of the Middle 
East and Islam.

“I went to the Soviet Union four times, I 
went to all these places that organized confer-
ences for explosives,” Meyers said. “One of the 
conferences was in the Caucuses. And that’s 
what I think was the kernel for this novel. It 
was in a small town and I met the people. They 
sacrificed a lamb for us.” 

Meyers’ narrative was also influenced by his 
wife, who is originally from Iran.

“She told me a lot about Islam,” Meyers said. 
“Islam is very often stereotyped in the United 
States. The image of terrorists blowing things 
up, that’s kind of associated with Islam.”

In fact, one of the main plots in the novel 
is the Chechen struggle for independence at 
the hands of the Russian government. Some 
well-known jihadist fighters even make an 
appearance as characters in the novel, including 
Osama Bin Laden. 

“I have him as a kind of dramatic character, 
a charismatic character,” Meyers said. “He’s very 
tall, he quotes a lot of the Qur’an. Al Zawahiri, 
his right-hand man, is the more practical, oper-
ations guy.”

Meyers considers himself something of a 
maverick in his field: Not many engineering 
professors have much of an affinity for creative 
writing. 

“I am almost a singularity in terms of engi-
neering professors,” Meyers said. “Doctors write 
books, lawyers write books, but very few engi-
neering professors do.”

He’s had a passion for both reading and 
writing from a young age. His taste in literature 
ranges from Hemingway to Neruda, and his 
love for writing started as early as when he was 
11 years old, when he began writing poetry and 
was encouraged to pursue writing by his family 
and his local priest.

“I wanted to become a writer,” Meyers said. 
“That was my first dream. I used to write poetry. 
It’s a talent I had, it comes 
from my mother’s side.”

While he eventually decid-
ed to pursue engineering (an 
interest he says he inherited 
from his father, who was also 
an engineer) Meyers never 
abandoned writing altogether 
— although as a student at 
Brazil’s Federal University of 
Minas Gerais, during Brazil’s 
military dictatorship in the 
’60s, the hobby proved dan-
gerous. 

“I was in engineering 
school in my senior year, and 
it was the year of the dicta-
torship,” Meyers said, who’d 
witnessed his friends become 
targets to the Brazilian intel-
ligence agency. “My poems 
had gotten published in the 
print plan for the university. 
I didn’t know that the censors 
would go down there. They 
went there and they got the poems and they 
threatened to arrest me. I went to the United 
States before anything could get started.” 

In the past 40 years that he’s been living in 
the United States, he’s published two novels 
and is currently working on his next, Squid, 
which will be about the violence in drug cartels 
in Mexico (inspired by his trips down to Baja 
Mexico). While each of Meyers’ books take 
place in different parts of the world and have 
separate storylines, they do share a common 
thread: each incorporates the author’s engineer-
ing knowhow. 

His first novel Mayan Mars, published in 
2006, was about the catastrophic leak of extra-
terrestrial matter, and was also based on work 
Meyers was doing in developing technology to 

store the dust that collected from an aeronautic 
mission to Mars. Chechnya Jihad addressed 
Meyers’ curiosity while working on explosives 
in New Mexico as to what would happen if such 
weapons were stolen.

Meyers insists that, contrary to popular 
belief, science and creativity can certainly mix; 
his talent as a writer and abilities as an engineer, 
he says, are more closely related than one might 

suspect.
“In science, I like mostly 

the creative parts,” Meyers 
said. “Two qualities that I 
have are curiosity — I’m a 
very curious person — and I 
have imagination.”

While Meyers has been 
able to reconcile science and 
fiction, the mixed reactions 
from his colleagues have sur-
prised him.

“Some of them are very 
understanding; some of them 
don’t even want to talk about 
it,” Meyers said. “It’s an anath-
ema to them. I thought they 
would be more supportive.”

Still, the author-engineer 
hopes to bridge the creative 
divide.

“I think the fact is that 
many of these engineers 
never read a book after they 
got out of college,” Meyers 

said. “They don’t read. I’m an anomaly. Maybe I 
can be an inspiration for them.”

The professor urges his students and col-
leagues of all ilk to look to more creative pur-
suits; Meyers himself took a UCSD extension 
course in writing before beginning work on 
Chechnya Jihad. And for him, fiction writing 
has little to do with the recognition or profit 
at stake.

“I feel that there are injustices in the world,” 
Meyers said. “And if I write about them I can 
be able to extract them out of my soul and put 
them in this framework, and people read it, they 
will become sensitized.”

Readers can contact Mina Nilchian at mnilchia@
ucsd.edu.

UCSD Professor Gets Inspiration for Novel From His Own Experiences

“I didn’t know that the 
censors would go 
down there. They 
went there and they 
got the poems and 
they threatened to 
arrest me. I went to 
the United States 
before anything 
could get started.”

Marc Meyers
 AuthoR And uCSd enGIneeRInG PRoFeSSoR 

▶ meyers, from page 7



Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

CLASSIFIEDSMONDAY, MAY 31, 201110 THE UCSD GUARDIAN

5/23/11 Sudoku Solutions

Find the Crossword solution in 
this Thursday's Classifieds Page 

Across
1 Most-preferred invitees
6 Courteney of "Friends"
9 Backyard lounging locale
14 Atra or Sensor
15 Civil War prez
16 Staples Center, e.g.
17 *Many a sports car, capacity-wise
19 Tears apart
20 The last word?
21 Gets on in years
22 Town square centerpiece
23 *Genie's offering
25 Texas or Ukraine city
29 "__ Miz"
30 Top-of-the-line
31 __ gin fizz
34 Mistreat
39 *Eisenhower became one in 1944
42 "Funny Girl" composer Jule
43 School restroom sign
44 List in order of importance
45 Fury
47 Championships
49 *Slurpee seller
55 Dover's are white
56 Require
57 Maple tree yield
60 Former "The View" co-host O'Donnell
61 When most top-rated shows are on, 

and a hint to the kind of numbers in 
the starred answers

63 "Some people swallow the universe 
like __": Stevenson

64 Isaac, to Abraham
65 Diner
66 Doled (out)
67 Helpful contacts
68 Plastered

Down
1 Johnson of "Laugh-In"
2 Croquet venue
3 Phillips-Van Heusen brand
4 Distress call letters
5 Alternatives to tricks
6 Provide food for
7 Extremely overweight
8 Gen-__: boomer's kid, usually
9 Like much politics
10 Geometry calculations
11 Bowler's final frame
12 All __ time: as a matter of course
13 Where to find dates?
18 Horrified
22 Nor. neighbor
24 Mournful poem
25 Klutzes
26 Attend to the job
27 Jealousy without resentment
28 Witnessed
32 Designer's identification
33 Gold, in Guanajuato
35 Ernie's Muppet pal
36 River to the Caspian
37 In one's right mind
38 Fraternal order
40 Kramer's neighbor
41 Hold in high regard
46 Legal thing
48 "Most assuredly!"
49 Vamoose
50 Say "I do" without a big do
51 Come calling
52 Submit tax returns online
53 Bankrupt energy giant
54 Blood carriers
57 In __: as originally placed
58 "You can say that again!"
59 Exec's car, say
61 Tire gauge meas.
62 Roofing material

Jobs
L.A. AREA SUMMER DAY CAMPS! 
Swimming, horses, sports, crafts, archery, 
beaches, ropes courses and more. Gain 
valuable experience working with chil-
dren in a variety of fun camp settings!  
www.daycampjobs.com (5/19) 

Tutors wanted in algebra, geometry, 
calculus, chemistry and physics to help 
middle and high school students. Scripps 
Ranch area. Flexible schedule. Now hiring 
for September 2011. $30/3hrs. CALL (858) 
705-3342. (5/23)

Summer Job Opportunities. Make $400 
- $800+ per week, PAID WEEKLY! Full 
Training Provided, No Experience Needed. 
Entry Level & Management. Positions 
Available Long Term Positions available!   
Call for Details (858) 715-1725.  (5/26)

$12.85 Shuttle Driver Trainee. Safe driv-
ers wanted for UCSD campus job. You 
need a job! Shuttles will hire 100 UCSD 
students for summer training. Need info? 
Visit shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu  (6/2)

Now Hiring - The Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center is now hiring for the summer. 
Experience in wakeboarding, sailing, wind 
surfing, surfing, stand-up paddling, kaya-
king, rowing or marine science is recom-

mended. Will train qualified applicants. 
Office assistant and maintenance posi-
tions available as well. Visit mbaquatic-
center.com/jobs for more info or email 
kevin.straw@sdsu.edu (6/2)

Summer Day Camp - Greater Los Angeles 
Area. Counselors, instructors for horse-
back riding, gym, arts & crafts, swim-
ming, rock climbing, petting farm, music 
& drama and more. CALL (888) 784-CAMP. 
www.workatcamp.com  (6/2)

UCSD BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY STUDY: 
Subjects with current allergy symptoms 
to inhaled allergens (cat, grass, dust mite) 
needed as blood donors for research 
study requiring donation of blood and 
allergy skin testing. Will be reimbursed 
$100 for completion of 2 clinic visit study. 
Contact Dr. Broide Department Medicine 
(858) 534-2033 (6/2)

services
EGG DONORS NEEDED! $10,000, plus 
expenses. We are seeking attractive 
and intelligent women of all ethnicities. 
Please contact: 1-800-264-8828 or dar-
lene@aperfectmatch.com. www.aperfect-
match.com      ASRM-SART ID# 1202 (5/31)

Physics tutor for the summer Looking for 
a Physics tutor for Physics 2A and Physics 
2B Summer Sessions. Interested in 2 times 
a week. Near UCSD.   Email Hannah1@san.
rr.com (6/2)

student Housing
$1695 2BR, 2BA, Partially Furnished 
Condo, Utilities Included in the rent. 
Garage, extra parking, quiet complex. 
Lease to start either: July 1, July 15, Aug 
1, Aug 15, or Sept. 1. Just renovated 
Master Bathroom: new tub, italian tiles 
etc. Vaulted ceilings, very bright and spa-
cious in UTC/University City Area. Kitchen 
includes: dishwasher, refrigerator, elec-
tric stove; garbage disposer, microwave. 
Laundry right below unit, heated pool, 
private balcony. Bus to UCSD stops adja-
cent to complex. 3 Minute walk to Vons/
Rite-aid. For more information please call: 

YOUR OUTLET TO CAMPUS CULTURE
t o . u c s d . e d uTriton Outfitters @TritonOutfitter

reserve a special graduation announcement in the

GRADUATION ISSUE 2011
ON STANDS 6/2/11

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising/grad

SUBMIT YOUR AD &
PHOTO ONLINE

5”x 4” AD
FOR ONLY $100.00

 BEN:

WE LOVEYOU!

good
luck in

the realworld!

The Frostensons

AD DEADLINE IS 5/31/11Questions? Call 858.246.0971 • 

HEY
  GRADS.

..
TELL YOU

R
PARENT

S!

Casey,
on your

 Gradua
tion. We

 love you
 

and wis
h you th

e greate
st succe

ss 

in the w
orld.

Love, Gr
andpa &

 Grandm
a

Congra
tulation

s

(858) 539-5985 or E-Mail: flash4@gmail.
com (5/19)

Large, nice homes, North Pacific Beach 
since 1995.  5-8 Bedrooms, one person 
per bedroom.   Upper Division, grads, over 
21.  Not zoned for Fraternity or Sorority or 
party houses.  (858) 274-4017 (5/23)

Coast/Mesa Apartment Summer Sublet. 
UCSD Alum and family interested in sub-
let of Coast or Mesa two-bedroom, fur-
nished or unfurnished for July 2011.  May 
be able to rent a bit longer or slightly dif-
ferent dates (late-June to early-August).  
We are clean, solvent and reliable.  Email 
lcranmer@azcc.arizona.edu (5/31)

IS HIRING!

APPLY NOW
at Port Triton!
career.ucsd.edu/pt-portal-info.html

Graphic Artist

2 POSITIONS OPEN

( J o b  I D  7 4 4 0 9 3 )

designing, computer wiz that has an eye 
for good composition and typography

PR Coordinator
( J o b  I D  7 4 4 0 9 5 )

loves writing, communication, 
promotion and events



SPORTS TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

PACIFIC BEACH
4595 Mission Bay Drive

San Diego, CA 92109

Call our friendly professionals
for more information!

5
Garnet 

Ave.

Grand A
ve.

Mission Bay Dr.

Magnol
ia Ave.

CLOSEST STORAGE TO UCSD
www.sdstorage.com

FOR ALL UCSD STUDENTS AND FACULTY

Take your stuff and STORE IT!

858-273-1717

UCSD SUMMER SPECIAL
ONE MONTHFREE!

Best Student Dea
l In Town!

Tritons Get 30th NCAA Title in 
School History, Third in Division II
▶ Softball, from page 1

in June. 
LeFever marked her place as one of UCSD’s top athletes as she set the school 

record in the heptathlon. The senior’s score of 5,385 points eclipsed Linda 
Rainwater’s mark of 5,333 set in 2010, and was good for second place in the 
event. 

“Stephanie was on fire,” Ahner said. “Every single event was on for her. It was 
really fun to come into her own and own it. It was fantastic.”

Central Missouri’s Lindsay Lettow came into the meet ranked a comfortable 
328 points higher than the next competitor, but LeFever kept the pressure on 
and finished just 129 points back. 

LeFever also competed in the long jump and came away with another 
national runner-up finish, with a school-record leap of 20’3”. LeFever led 
through four rounds, but Jillisa Grant of New Mexico Highlands produced an 
outstanding jump of 20’10.5”. LeFever came back and matched her own record 
of 20’1”, and jumped further on her last jump for her final mark in an effort to 
catch Grant, but it was not enough. Grant did not jump further than 20’ on any 
of her other attempts. 

“Her series of jumps was better than any other jumper there,” Ahner said. 
“But the girl that beat her had a great jump in there, and it only takes one. But 
Stephanie competed hard against her and didn’t let up the entire time.”

Ever versatile, LeFever also placed 13th in the triple jump, with a mark of 
38’8.75”. 

LeFever had an outstanding career as a Triton, and qualified for the national 
meet every year. She finished fourth in the nation in the heptathlon as a fresh-
man in 2007, and consistently improved over the past three years. She remained 
second on the all-time list — behind Rainwater, a 2010 graduate — until setting 
the record at her final meet last weekend.

Fogarty qualified for the finals in both the 100 and 200-meter dash, and 
broke her own school record for the 200 in the preliminaries with a time of 
23.55. In the finals, she took fourth in the 100 with a time of 11.58, and placed 
third in the 200 as she matched her record time from the day before at 23.55. 

“She brought her ‘A’ game,” Ahner said. “She competed extremely well, a 
school record again. Conditions were tough, and it was raining during her 200. 
At the line it was a lean finish, and two athletes passed her in the last five meters. 
It wasn’t because she let up, it was just such a close race. It was exciting; she is 
such an exciting athlete to watch on the track.”

Fogarty also qualifies as one of UCSD’s best track athletes in program his-
tory, and went to the national meet all four years. She set the UCSD school 
record in the 100 as a freshman in 2008, and leaves with school records in the 
100 and 200 that are comfortably ahead of the marks she surpassed. 

“The sprints in Division II are pretty amazing; they are virtually world class,” 
Salerno said. “So for Kelly to get to the level she has is difficult to describe.”

Sophomore Jessica Miklaski produced one of the biggest surprises of the day 
by earning All-American honors in the javelin throw. Miklaski continued her 
progress in the event, placing sixth overall with a throw of 143’2, significantly 
better than her previous best of 136’11”. 

“She’s really quite talented, but still really new to the event,” Salerno said. 
“She took her first throws in warm-ups and suddenly, we could see she was a 
different athlete. As soon as the meet started, good things happened. It’s pretty 
amazing to come in ranked No. 17 and end up an All-American.”

Senior Theresa Richards placed thirteenth in the event with a throw of 
130’4”. It was Richards’ second straight trip to the national meet. 

Senior Danielle Thu also earned All-American accolades, taking home a 
fourth-place finish in the hammer throw. Thu was the national champion in the 
event in 2009, and leaves with the school record at 198’8”. 

 
Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@ucsd.edu. 

Fogarty, LeFever Get Pair of  All-
American Finishes in Last Meet
▶ track, from page 12

Region first team selection Kris Lesovsky. With one out, senior Sarah Woofter was 
hit by a pitch to reach first. Both seniors advanced to second and third respec-
tively. Charger catcher Krystal Johnson threw to third in an attempt to pick off 
Lesovsky, but failed to make the play, allowing Lesovksy to score.

Senior Jennifer De Fazio walked for her turn in the box while junior Tess 
Granath singled to left field to score Woofter. Freshman left-hander Esther Strom 
— who had only 19 turns at-bat preceding the national tournament — came up 
big for the Tritons, doubling down the right field line for two RBI. The Tritons 
capped the inning with another run after senior Katrin Gabriel sent a well struck 
opposite field single to left field, putting the Tritons up 5-0.

UCSD junior pitcher Camille Gaito (35-4) retired the next three batters to pre-
serve the 5-0 lead. Gaito, who boasts the second lowest ERA in the nation, pitched 
every inning in every game for the Tritons in their national title run. Gaito is also 
the program’s all-time leader in pitching victories with 62 wins, while also setting 
the record for most appearances in a single season with 44 games. 

With two on and two outs, the Triton bats started heating up.  Freshman 
Charly Swanberg  singled to right field to score Woofter, while Granath singled to 
left field to score De Fazio.  Up 7-0, Strom singled to left field, advancing to second 
on the throw to score Swanberg.  UCSD would get one more hit from Toler, off a 
Gabriel RBI, before Toler was replaced in favor of pitcher Whitney Gilbert.

But Gilbert didn’t fair much better against the Triton batters, as she gave up 
another run, bringing the score to 10-0.

University of Alabama-Huntsville recovered three runs in its last turn at the 
plate, but it wasn’t near enough to overcome the double-digit lead.

“It was an amazing feeling to run off the field as Woofter caught the pop fly for 
the last out,” De Fazio said. “It still hasn’t even sunk in yet that we won the national 
championship. It’s a crazy feeling, unreal. We brought our bats and just dominated 
in the first two innings.”

The Tritons began their season as dark horse contenders, picked to finish 
fifth in a survey taken by the conference’s coaches at the season’s beginning. 
Since UCSD’s 2001 move to Division II, the softball program has made only five 
national tournament appearances.  

But the 2010-2011 season saw a youthful Triton squad — a roster filled with 
more underclassmen than juniors and seniors — battle their way to a regular 
season conference crown, a West Regional championship, and perfect 4-0 record 
en-route to the national title.

“Honestly, this feels amazing,” assistant coach Jessica Millsap said. “All season 
we played as a family and we won as a family. There aren’t enough words to prop-
erly express the pride I feel right now for UCSD softball.” 

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.edu.



SPORTS
TUESDAY, MAY 31, 2011 www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

12

Junior nick Howe won His second straigHt national title in tHe Javelin tHrow, as 
five tritons come Home witH all-american Honors.

DANIELLE THU

SENIOR

HAMMER THROW (4TH)

KELLY FOGARTY

SENIOR

100M (4TH) 200M (3RD) 

STEPHANIE LEFEVER

SENIOR
HEPTATHLON (2ND) 
LONG JUMP (2ND)

JESSICA MIKLASKI

SOPHOMORE

JAVELIN THROW (6TH)

ALL-AMERICANS
Standout seniors Kelly Fogarty and Stephanie LeFever each recorded school records in their last meet as Tritons, but Junior Nick Howe stole the show with his second straight nation-
al championship in the javelin throw.

The Tritons sent 11 athletes to Turlock, Calif. this 
weekend for the NCAA Division II Track & Field 
Championships. The team came away with several 
outstanding performances and a fifth place finish on 
the women’s side. 

“The team performance was absolutely outstand-
ing,” women’s head coach Darcy Ahner said. “I couldn’t 
ask for much more than being top five in the nation.”

Howe, the 2010 national champion in the javelin, 
effectively ended the competition with his throw as he 
unleashed a massive 231’3” toss — over six feet further 
than his winning mark last year. 

“He did exactly what we wanted, which was basi-
cally put it away on the first throw,” men’s head coach 
Tony Salerno said. “Everyone else was competing for 
second place after that.” 

Howe’s mark is the ninth best in NCAA Division 
II history. His throw also meets the qualifying mark 
for the USA Track & Field Outdoor Championships 

By LIAM ROSE •  Senior Staff Writer
PhotoS CoUrteSY DarCY ahner

titl
e re

dux

titl
e re

duxNCAA DIV
ISO

N I
I

TRA
CK 

& F
IEL

D C
hAM

pIO
NSh

IpS

NOlaN ThOmas/Guardian

UCSD softball won the program’s first ever NCAA Division II title.

nCaa ChaMPionS: hoW theY Got there

UCSD - 7 C.W. pOST - 0

UCSD - 4 MINNESOTA STATE - 2

UCSD - 2 SAgINAW VALLEy - 1

5/26/11

5/27/11

5/29/11

Pioneer opener Caitlin Berardi began the top of the second by 
walking Tritons Esther Strom and Katrin Gabriel. With two outs, 
senior Kris Lesovsky reached on an error by second base, allowing 
Gabriel to slide home just under the tag to score from second.

After allowing Sarah Woofter on base and giving up a hit to 

senior Jennifer De Fazio, Berardi was sent to the bench in favor 
of left-hander Sarah Kiser. Kiser faired a little better, retiring Tess 
Granath on a sacrifice fly that would bring Woofter in to score.

Up 2-0, the Tritons extended their lead in the fifth, capitalizing 
on four Pioneer errors to score three unearned runs. 

UCSD let the Mavericks take a 2-0 lead in the third, but rallied 
in the fourth, knocking in four runs on three hits. 

Cleanup hitter Jennifer De Fazio started with a double to right 
center, and was advanced to third with a sacrifice bunt from fresh-
man Caitlin Brown. Mankato pitcher Kendra Huettl proceeded to 
walk Mya Romero and Strom to load the bases. 

With one out, freshman Jennifer Manuel pinch hit for Gabriel. 
The freshman delivered, singling to right center to score De Fazio 
and Strom. Tied 2-2, Lesovsky doubled off the wall in right center 
for 2 RBI.

Leading 4-2, the Tritons held out for the win, as Gaito pitched 
her seventh consecutive victory. 

The Tritons struck first against Saginaw Valley State, going 
ahead in the fourth inning, when De Fazio sent a solo homerun 
to left field. 

UCSD doubled that lead in the sixth. With one out, Charley 
Swanberg singled to center field and advanced to second off a 
ground out from Tess Granath. Swanberg was brought in to score 

off of a double to center field from Esther Strom. 
Up 2-0, the Cardinals recovered a run in their last turn at the 

plate when Jillian Peterson homered to right field. But Gaito (34-4) 
put the game away by recording three of her 12 strikeouts for the 
game.

See track, page 11


	053111NewsREAL.pdf
	053111Opinion.pdf
	053111Calendar_PG6.pdf
	053111FocusREAL.pdf
	053111Classifieds_PG10.pdf
	053111SportsREAL.pdf

