
blame it on the alCohol. 
PAGE 7.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XXXI

StudEntS AbroAd 
trAnSPortEd 
bAck From EGyPt
By Chris McCoy
Staff Writer

In the wake of protests in Egypt by millions of its 
citizens and their supporters that began in Jan. 25, four 
UCSD students at the American University in Cairo were 
evacuated from Egypt. This came after the U.S. State 
Department issued a travel advisory for the country.

There were a total of 30 UC-affiliated individuals who 
were transported, including 19 UC students scheduled 
to begin a semester abroad and an 11-person team of 
archaeology students, faculty and staff from UCLA that 
was digging 200 miles south of Cairo.

The individuals were transported from Egypt to 
Barcelona and were expected to return to California during 
the weekend of Feb. 5.

According to UCOP spokesman Ricardo Vazquez, all 
expenses are being covered by the UC insurance plan.

Vazquez also stated that the students who were set to 
begin their spring semester in Egypt now have the option 
to study at any other EAP program in the world. Any 
additional costs will be paid for by the UC system.

“We anticipate being able to resume classes for 
undergraduates only on Feb. 13,” AUC President Lisa 
Anderson said in a statement released on Feb. 6. “Our 
principal concern must be the safety and security of our 
students, faculty and staff.”

Carly Grijalva, a UCSD student who transferred to 
AUC last year and is expecting to return to school Feb. 13, 
spoke via Skype from Egypt. Grijalva returned to Cairo 
yesterday, after being outside the capitol.

“I think the AUC students actually started to mobilize 
more before this, with the workers’ strikes in the fall, they 
staged sit-ins, there were kids campaigning for workers to 
be paid more, to get better employment,” Grijalva said. “It 
was actually a really big deal on campus.”

See EGYPT, page 3

Council to Offer 
Free Class Notes 
on November 
Election Days
By Laira Martin
Associate News Editor

Free lecture notes will be available to 
all students every national election starting 
November 2011 to encourage voting, 
following a resolution passed by A.S. 
Council on Feb. 2

As per the resolution, lecture notes will 
be provided by A.S. Lecture Notes on its 
website for the day of the election. Funding 
allocation for the project has not yet been 
determined, but the council is attempting 
to keep costs as low as possible, according 
to Office of the President Press Secretary 
Reem Ateyeh. 

A.S. intern Arshya Sharifian proposed 
the measure. Sharifian said the “Resolution 
to Support Student Voting” is critical in 
giving students the support needed to 
vote, due to the difficulty of informing 
themselves about candidates and issues 
while studying for midterms.

“By doing this, we’ll be saying to 
the student, ‘We, as the A.S. Council, 
recognize it’s hard to go out and vote and 
get informed, but we’re going to make sure 
it happens,’” Sharifian said. 

By providing lecture notes on Election 
Day, council hopes to provide students 
with time to vote without worrying about 
classes. All lecture notes on Election Day 
will be posted for free on the A.S. Council 
website. The resolution is also encouraging 
all professors to participate by podcasting 
or posting notes for their Election Day 
lectures. 

Under the resolution, A.S. Council will 
also keep track of student voter turnouts, 
which Sharifian said could help attract 
politicians to come to UCSD. 

According to the United States 
Elections Project at George Mason 
University, national voter turnout in the 
Nov. 2010 midterm elections was 40.9 
percent. Students on campus nearly 
doubled the national voter turnout, with an 
81 percent turnout for all registered voters 
at UCSD. According to Anthony Eastman, 
the Senior Precinct Planning Technician 
at the County of San Diego Registrar of 
Voters, there were 3,259 registered voters 
on campus and 2,655 ballots were cast. 

“There is some error from provisional 
ballots, but this is a pretty accurate 
depiction of voter activity in those 
precincts,” Eastman said.

A.S. Council President Wafa Ben 
Hassine said she hopes that turnout will 
rise even more. She said the resolution 
is part of a larger push from council to 
engage students in politics.

“It’s important that students have every 
incentive to vote,” Ben Hassine said. “We’re 
doing a lot with A.S. to get students to be 
more aware and cognizant of their political 
and environmental surroundings.”

The Office of External Affairs is 
making additional efforts to increase 
political activism, which will include 
sending student delegates to lobby for 

By Regina Ip
News Editor

Wilda Helen, a postdoctoral researcher who was fired last month, has been granted 
last-minute permission to stay in the United States until Feb. 27 to complete the appeal 
process for her termination. 

“Twenty-two days is better than zero days, so we’re excited to have extra time,” 
UAW 5810 representative Scott Clifthorne said. “The question now is whether  the 
university will engage in a good faith effort to expedite the grievance process and 
reach a settlement where we can sit down and actually appeal Wilda’s termination 
before she has to leave again and then get a decision back from an arbitrator before 
she has to leave again.”

United Auto Workers 5810 President Xiaoqing Cao agreed.
“The timeframe is tight, but if every party has a good faith, we can work this out for 

sure,” Cao said. “We do have enough time if we want to go through arbitration, [but] 
hopefully they can resolve the issue in the given time we have right now.”

On Feb. 4, representatives from UAW 5810 received a letter from Rep. Bob Filner 
(D-Chula Vista), who said the Department of Homeland Security will allow Helen to 
stay.

“We actually got help from a congressman, Bob Filner, [who] talked to Homeland 
Security and then Homeland Security allowed her to stay until Feb. 27,” Cao said.

If Helen had not received more time to appeal her 
termination, she would have had to leave on Saturday, 
Feb. 5 to return to Indonesia. 

“I understand how much stress she has been 
through in the past month,” Cao said. “It’s been a huge 
burden.” 

Helen was fired on Jan. 6 from professor Adam 
Engler’s stem cell and bioengineering laboratory, where 
she worked for two years earning $43,000 annually. The 
reason has not been disclosed, since the termination is 
currently under investigation.

Helen then filed an appeal for her termination 
under the terms of the union’s collective bargaining 
agreement, which has allowed both U.S. and 
international postdoctoral researchers the right to 
appeal since summer 2010.

“The university is adhering to the terms of the 
collective bargaining agreement mutually agreed upon by UAW union members and 
UC,” UCSD spokesperson Christine Clark said in a statement. “The university has 
provided options for Dr. Helen to participate in her appeal. The matter involving Dr. 
Helen is a personnel issue and the university cannot discuss personnel issues.”

The UCSD Labor Relations Office deleted Helen’s record in the Federal Student 
and Exchange Visitor Information System, giving her 30 days to leave the country or else 
remain illegally. 

See hElEn, page 3

Union Delays Deportation 
for Stem Cell Researcher

PhOtOs BY ANDREw Oh/Guardian

SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT INSIDENIGHT WATCH

monday
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 3-5 mph
Water temp: 58 F

tuesday
Height:  4-5 ft.
Wind: 4-7 mph

Water temp: 58 F

wednesday
Height:  4-6 ft.
Wind: 3-5 mph 

Water temp: 58 F

thursdsay
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 4-5 mph 
Water temp: 58 F

LOw

$3.19
thrifty, South San diego
1890 Palm Ave & Saturn blvd
HIGH

$3.89
Chevron, Pacific beach
1575 Garnet Ave & Ingraham St

thursday friday
monday
H 72 L 50

tuesday
H 61 L 45 monday tuesday

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHFORECASTWEB POLL
will frEE lEcTurE 
noTEs EncouraGE 
sTudEnTs To voTE?
√  Yes
√  No
√  I don’t know

SUNRISE

SUNSET

6:40 A.M.

5:27 P.M.wednesdayH 68 L 43 thursdayH 70 L 44 thursdaywednesdaywww.ucsdGuardian.orG

Comics ..................................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
At Wit’s End ...........................4
Quick Takes ...........................4
Restaurant Review ................7
Classifieds ...........................10
Sudoku ................................10

HOT AND DANGEROUS

ANDREw Oh/Guardian
Students performed at UCSD LGBTQIA’s 16th-annual Divas in Denial 
Drag Show at the Price Center East Ballroom on Saturday, Feb. 5.See rEsoluTion, page 3

A researcher from Indonesia now has three weeks to stay in the 
United States so she can finish appealing her termination from UCSD.



2 thE UCsD GUARDIAN MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011 NEws

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. All byyy myyyself.

Production: 858-534-5226

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: 858-822-3793, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-6583, focus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: 858-822-3793, photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: 858-534-6582, design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: 858-822-3793, art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7691

General Manager
Emily Ku 

Business assistant
Tiffany Han

Marketing directors
Brandon Katzer, Annie Wang

advertising design and layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

distributors
Robert Espinoza, Scott Havrisik, Amanda Ku

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

Page layout
Melody Chern, Praneet Kolluru, Binh Ngo,                     

Arielle Sallai, Vivian Zhang

Angela Chen

Trevor Cox

Regina Ip

Nisha Kurani
Laira Martin

Cheryl Hori

Margaret Yau

Liam Rose

Tyler Nelson

Neda Salamat

Zoë Sophos

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel
Neda Salamat

Amy Guzdar
Naomi Sweo

John Hanacek

Andrew Oh

Melody Chern

Binh Ngo

Rebekah Hwang

Editor in chief

Managing Editor

news Editor

associate news Editors

opinion Editor

associate opinion Editor

sports Editor

associate sports Editor

focus/leisure Editor

associate focus/leisure 
Editor

hiatus Editor

associate hiatus Editors

copy Editors

Photo Editor

associate Photo Editor

design Editor

associate design Editor

art Editor

copy readers
Monica Haider, Amanda Ku, Melissa Stanley

Auxiliary & Plant Services Marketing & Communications

Transportation Services

Commute Solutions invites cycling 
commuters to brake for free snacks.

Thursday, Feb. 10, 7–10 a.m. 
Gilman Information Center 

near Gilman Dr. and Osler Ln. 

We support sustainable 
transportation use and urge you 
to find your commute solution.

 

iRide.ucsd.edu

BirdLand By Rebekah Dyer

riGHT On TiME By Isabella Verendia

Researchers Study How Marine Animals Become Invisible 
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

By Regina Ip
News Editor

Invisibility might not be the 
exclusive realm of “Harry Potter” 
characters anymore. Researchers 
are currently looking at how marine 
animals use camouflage to hide from 
predators so they can one day apply it 
to artificial technologies. 

With a grant from the U.S. 
Department of Defense and Office 
of Naval Research, scientists at the 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography — 
along with Duke University’s biology 
department and UC Santa Barbara’s 
Marine Science Institute — are studying 
how squids and octopuses use light-
sensitive cells to camouflage themselves 
in different ocean conditions, like sea 
floors and coral reefs.

Even while moving, a cuttlefish 
can change its colors to match its 
surroundings. The octopus can use 
muscles under its skin to imitate 
external textures and blend in.

“The animals use camouflage 
because they obviously don’t want the 
predators to see them and eat them,” 
Scripps professor Dariusz Stramski 
said. “If there is an octopus swimming 
over the bottom of the ocean ... it can 
quite easily quickly adjust its colors and 
reflections from its skin that’s almost 
impossible to distinguish it from the 
area over which this animal is sitting.”

Squids and octopuses can expand 
or contract their muscles, using 
chromatophoric cells to produce 
pigments that change the color and 
texture of their skins. They also release 

pigments at different rates and patterns 
to adjust how fast they camouflage.

Now in their second year of 
research, the scientists will focus 
on the animals’ abilities to avoid 
detection based on color, reflection and 
bioluminescence. They will look at how 
different ocean depths affect animal 
camouflage behavior and the animals’ 
ability to perceive when they should 
assume their camouflage.

The researchers use a Holodeck 
— a tank surrounded by six screens 
that recreate different light conditions 
of the ocean — and an Omnicam to 
observe how two species of squid and 
one octopus species behave. 

Stramski’s team will develop new 
optical instruments to measure the 
speed, distance and intensity of light 
and to determine what colors are 
emitted underwater.

“My team provides expertise in 
measurements and characterization of 
underwater lights,” Stramski said. “To 
understand how animals camouflage 
themselves, we have to have a good 
understanding of how light works in 

water and how animals perceive it.”
“If we can understand the 

mechanisms that animals use to 
camouflage themselves or become 
invisible in the natural world, then 
potentially this understanding can 
provide us with some guidance on how 
to create artificial technologies that can 
lead to camouflage,” Stramski said.

Readers can contact Regina Ip at rwip@
ucsd.edu.

Nicole oliver/Guardian

CorreCtions
On Jan. 31 an article titled 
“Baseball Preview 2011” mistak-
ently referred to photos of Vance 
Albitz as Kyle Saul and Rob Sedin 
as Grant Bauer. 

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the 
editors. Corrections can be sent to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org.



NEws MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011 thE UCsD GUARDIAN 3 

Friday, Jan. 28
12:49 a.m.: Citizen contact    
▶ A person in Sixth College submitted 
a post to UCSDFML.com, but the pub-
lisher will not be posting it. Checks OK.
2:32 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ An older male was seen walking 
quickly while carrying red bongos in 
the woods at the Faculty Club. Checks 
OK.
3:55 a.m.: Citizen contact    
▶ A male was seen urinating in public 
at Tenaya Hall. Field interview admin-
istered.
9:40 a.m.: Welfare check    
▶ A family had not heard from a student 
for 12 hours and was worried that the 
student may be under academic investi-
gation and subject to suspension. Gone 
on arrival.
11:42 a.m.: Incomplete wireless call    
▶ A female at Center Hall said she want-
ed to know what’s going on with her cell 
phone but hung up when asked if she 
had an emergency. Checks OK.
6:23 p.m.: Suspicious person    
▶ A six-foot man in glasses was seen 
jumping and staring people down. In-
formation only.
7:20 p.m.: Medical aid    
▶ A 20-year-old male’s heart was rapidly 
beating at Earth Hall. Information only.

Saturday Jan. 29
3:24 a.m.: Disturbance
▶ Two males without weapons were 
fighting at the Village while a group 
tried to pull them apart. Report taken.
9:25 a.m.: Animal call
▶ A Muir College resident dean report-
ed three aggressive dogs that were off 
their leashes on Muir Field. Checks OK.

Sunday Jan. 30
1:39 a.m.: Suspicious vehicle
▶ A vehicle that looked similar to cars 
used for smuggling was parked outside 
the Chancellor’s house. Unable to locate.
2:31 p.m.: Suspicious person    
▶ A balding man with short hair was 

seen taking pictures of an animal load-
ing dock at the Biomedical Sciences 
Building. Checks OK.

Monday, Jan. 31
3:14 p.m.: Information
▶ A female on Library Walk was un-
comfortable when a male she did not 
know asked her on a date. Information 
only.
4:52 p.m.: Welfare check    
▶ A female said her mentally ill sister 
yelled at her and did not make any 
sense. Checks OK.
6:47 p.m.: Information
▶ Someone saw vomit outside the wom-
en’s bathroom at the HSS building. In-
formation only.
10:24 p.m. Citizen contact
▶ A female at Douglas Hall was worried 
that her ex-boyfriend, who is currently 
in Orange County, might smash her 
car. Report taken.

Tuesday, Feb. 1
7:22 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ Someone reported seeing an aggres-
sive homeless man and woman in the 
laundry room at Sixth College Residen-
tial Halls. Field interview administered.

Wednesday, Feb. 2
11:34 p.m.: Vehicle Vandalism
▶ Someone unscrewed the top screws of 
a car’s license plates and bent them up. 
Information only.

Thursday, Feb. 3
1:09 a.m.: Citizen contact    
▶ A person was seen pointing a green 
laser by the anchor at Revelle Com-
mons. Unable to locate.
7:29 p.m.: Suspicious person  
▶ Three students in leather jackets and 
hoodies were standing around different 
vehicles at Hopkins Parking Structure. 
Unable to locate.

— Compiled by Sarah Kang
 Staff Writer

LiGhts AND sirens

Although Grijalva has not 
participated in protests and does not 
know anyone that has been injured 
in them, she and her peers have been 
affected by the damage to the campus.

“The downtown campus has been 
affected immensely; there is damage, 
Tahrir is occupied,” Grijalva said. “I 
think that right now they are probably 
very glad that they decided to move [to 
New Cairo].”

None of the UC study abroad staff 
or faculty who were in Egypt have been 
injured in the popular uprising.

“I wouldn’t say that it is safe,” 
Grijalva said. “But I wouldn’t call it 
unsafe.”

In addition, protests in downtown 
San Diego have continued to express 
solidarity with those demanding 
reform in Egypt and Middle East.

“It’s the youth who are uprising 
now, and a lot of them are students, 

and they want a change for the future,” 
Grijalva said.

Egypt’s newly appointed vice 
president, Omar Suleiman, met with 
representatives of key opposition 
groups on Feb. 5 to negotiate for 
peaceful transition to a democratic 
government from president Hosni 
Mubarak’s 30-year reign.

Readers can contact Chris McCoy at 
scmccoy@ucsd.edu.

higher education in Sacramento, 
Ben Hassine said. 

The office is also launching a 
blog this week to keep students 
informed of new projects and 
events. 

“I want to go back to the most 

fundamental part of [change], 
which is voting,” Sharifian said. 
“Voting did all of that. Voting was 
the essence and had everything to 
do with any type of change in our 
system.”

Based on its success in this 
November’s election, Sharifian 

hopes to have the lecture notes 
program return for the presidential 
election in 2012. 

Additional reporting by Justin 
Kauker. 

Readers can contact Laira Martin at 
lmm002@ucsd.edu.

UC EAP Students and Faculty Safely Return From Egypt

Council Will Launch Blog to Keep Students Informed 
▶ rEsoluTion, from page 1

▶ EGYPT, from page 1

As a result of her dismissal, 
Helen’s J-1 visa — a non-immigrant 
visa issued to visitors participating 
in programs promoting cultural 
exchange — would be invalidated.

Helen was not notified of her 
deleted record until Jan. 25, 
according to Clifthorne. She received 
a 10-day notice to leave the country. 

A group of about 20 researchers, 
union members, teaching assistants, 
faculty members and students 
gathered at the Chancellor’s 
Complex on Feb. 4, the day before 
Helen was scheduled to leave, to 
request enough time to complete her 
appeal process.

According to Helen, Chancellor 
Marye Anne Fox said she spoke with 
UCSD’s Labor Relations Office and 

the university attorney.
“The university did not help,” 

Cao said. “They stayed where they 
were from the beginning where they 
terminated Dr. Helen.”

The group stayed outside the 
Chancellor’s office for about five 
hours before leaving. 

“The Chancellor didn’t give any 
response to UAW and myself after 
we met the Chancellor,” Helen said.

Two days before, a group 
of 50 supporters gathered at the 
Chancellor’s Complex but did not 
receive a response. 

Helen needed one more year to 
complete her three-year postdoctoral 
program at UCSD.

According to Clifthorne, 40 to 
60 percent of the 6,000 postdoctoral 
researchers in the UC system are 

from other countries. 
“I also feel that, because we have 

a union, we can work out with the 
university and resolve this issue,” 
Cao said. “It will be good for the 
university because there are so many 
postdocs involved in this union.”

At the Feb. 4 gathering, when 
asked about future plans if she had to 
leave the country the next day, Helen 
said she was taking the process one 
step at a time. 

“I just need to face what is 
happening right now,” Helen said.

If she had not received the 
concession, Helen said, UAW would 
have kept working for her while she 
was out of the country.

Readers can contact Regina Ip at rwip@
ucsd.edu.

Protesters Stay Outside Chancellor’s Complex for Five Hours
▶ hElEn, from page 1



out of context

The most delicious chicken chain in the 
world has sent out a deep-fried F-you to gay 
people.”

Brian Safi
HOST/WRITER, INFOMANIA

“
4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/oPINIoN

OpiniOn
ContaCt the editor: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

MoNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011

WEB
POLL
DO yOu 

SuppORT 
THE 

uCSD 
TROllEy?

60%   Yes.

29%

11%

No.
Out of 42 

votes.

What trolley?

After about my first week in Spain last quarter, I’d 
learned a couple valuable lessons: 
If you ever have to tell someone 
you’re American, say you’re from 
California. And if you have to tell 
people you’re from California, it had 
better be San Francisco. 

So, accordingly, that’s how the 
story went: A native of the city 
(never “San Fran” or “SF” — always 
“the city”), I’d come to Barcelona 
to improve in Spanish, bask in the 
Mediterranean sun, blah blah blah. 
Where appropriate, I’d maybe men-
tion my school in a forgettable little 
town of flip flops and ceaseless sun-
shine called San Diego, but mostly I 
projected the fantasy of a life spent 
traversing urban hills — a constant, 
treacherous undertaking to be 
paused only for the sake of talking 
about progressive ideas with other 
progressive people or hitting up the 
nearest gay bookstore. Such was the 
life of a San Franciscan.  

Seldom would I mention the 
reality of my roots: suburban flat-
lands half an hour south of the city; 
Barnes & Nobles with “Out” and 
“The Advocate” and occasionally 
something in parental-advisory plas-
tic wrap at the top of the magazine 
rack. Never would I have anything 
positive to say about the sprawling, 
cultureless vacuum 300 miles down 
the coast that is Los Angeles. 

The NorCal/SoCal debate isn’t 
a new one at UCSD, and inevitably 
devolves to a back-and-forth on 
about three points: burrito quality, 
year-round climate and the super-
fluous use of the word “hella.” In 
Spain, it was nice, for a change, to 
spread the gospel of the Bay Area 
rather than argue the usual pros and 
cons.

But despite any deeply ingrained, 
groundless prejudices against the 
City of Angels, after a month back 
at school, I needed at least a couple 
days away. When a friend offered up 
a mattress at UCLA last weekend in 
exchange for a ride, I suspended my 
judgment and packed the car.  

While I’m not quite ignorant 
enough to believe my 36 hours there 
summed up everything L.A. has to 
offer — I didn’t, for starters, get to 
watch Lindsay Lohan being dragged 
in handcuffs from Forever 21 — I 
think I covered most L.A. college-
student bases. 

I window-shopped at recession-
unfriendly retailers; I watched the 
sunset from the Santa Monica pier 
(O.K., definitely not the stuff of 
true Angelenos); at night’s end, I 
gazed, awe-struck, at the six-foot-
long letters gracing the bottom of a 
frat-house swimming pool. Because 
real fraternities own 6,000 square-
foot houses with custom swimming 
pools, apparently. There’s one les-
son my UCSD education failed to 
impart. 

My friends from L.A. insist that 
the city changes you. No matter 
your place in society, I’m told, you 
can’t leave without a haircut, mul-
tiple shopping bags and a renewed 
sense of self-loathing. I’ve always 
been a little skeptical: Sure, L.A. 

Capitalism, 
Smog, the Sea: 
Los Angeles, 
I’m Yours

 At Wit’s
      End
TREvOR COx
trevorcox@ucsd.edu

Council hopes to inspire student voting by offering free lecture notes every November election, 
but this initiative skirts the real issues at hand.

Come Election Day, all students will receive a special present from the A.S. Council: free A.S. lecture notes. 
Officially titled the “Resolution to Support 
Student Voting,” this new measure is intended to 
urge students to vote by giving free online access 
to A.S. lecture notes, thus leaving students 
free to skip class and head to the booths. The 
measure was originally proposed by A.S. intern 
Arshya Sharifian, and passed last Wednesday.

The lecture note initiative will start on Nov. 
8, 2011 and, according to A.S. President Wafa 
Ben Hassine, each successive A.S. Council will 
determine if the program continues.

It’s great that A.S. Council wants students to 
take part in every November election. According 
to Sharifian, this is council’s effort to recog-
nize that it’s hard to get out and vote, and their 
attempt to make sure it happens. And sure, it’s 
nice that students in participating classes will 

have free access to A.S. lecture notes on elec-
tion days. But let’s be realistic — the connection 
between receiving free notes and voting is tenu-
ous at best. 

It’s important to remember that before 
students are even able to enter the polls and 
cast their ballots, they have to register to vote. 
According to Anthony Eastman at the County 
of San Diego Registrar of Voters, UCSD voter 
turnout reached 81.5 percent at last November’s 
midterm election, with 2,655 ballots cast  out of 
3,259 registered voters on campus. 

Though turnout itself is high, the actual num-
ber of registered voters on campus comprises 
only 9 percent of students — an embarrassingly 
small percentage. In a perfect world, free lecture 
notes might be incentive enough to go out and 
vote, but a day’s worth of free notes isn’t going 
to be enough to persuade them to the polls — or, 
more importantly, to register in the first place. 

So when only about 9 percent of UCSD 
undergraduates are even registered, A.S. 
Council’s priorities should be directed to incen-
tivizing people to take the first step to voting, 
not targeting the few on campus who have 
already expressed a semblance of political activ-
ism. 

In recent presidential elections, voting turnout 
has increased among voters ages 18 to 29, which 
goes to show that students — and the entire 
rest of the population — will vote if motivated, 
obstacles be damned. So, it’s not a big leap to 
assume students that truly care about voting can 
find 15 minutes between lectures to hit the polls. 
Students who care enough about politics or have 
enough civic responsibility to vote will undoubt-
edly take the time out of their day — even if 
it does mean missing lecture. And if you’re 

See notes, page 5

Yuiko Sugino/Guardian

Beyond the Ballot Box

Fried poultry chain Chick-fil-A is the latest subject of financial contribution scrutiny. The Georgia-based restaurant chain has come under attack for 
catering a marriage seminar for the Pennsylvania Family Institute, an anti-gay 
organization. 

Chick-fil-A isn’t the first to use products as a vehicle for Biblical values. 
Forever 21 and In-N-Out both conceal Biblical references on the bottoms of 

shopping bags and milkshake cups, but these idiosyn-
crasies haven’t caused grievances with patrons the way 
politically fueled donations do. President Dan Cathy 
claims his franchises donated food like they would to 
any community event, and that the company refrains 
from identifying with any agenda.

 Even if it did choose to identify with a politi-
cal agenda, Chick-fil-A is completely within its rights 
to support movements and figures it favors, but it 
shouldn’t expect everyone to be on board with their 
decisions. Private companies like Chick-fil-A have no 
responsibility to act as delegates to their customers. 

We must accept that once our money leaves our 
pockets, it becomes subject to the whims of richer executives who will fund 
what they may: another yacht, a cohort’s bid for Congress or a crusade to 
push an ideology over a population wider than their customer base. This is 
probably why Chick-fil-A promotes their creed in a public forum. 

Yes, they want to maintain the sanctity of marriage by donating processed 
chicken nuggets and brownies, but they reap yet another benefit: free advertis-
ing. In the end, no matter the repercussions — good or bad — Chick-fil-A has 
jurisdiction to do whatever it wants.

— Alex Pakzad
Staff Writer

QUICKTAKES Chick-Fil-A Anti-Gay Support

Chick-fil-A, the popular restaurant chain known for its boneless chicken breast sandwich, has recently been recognized for something other than 
clogging customers’ arteries. 

In offering free catering to a marriage seminar hosted by the Pennsylvania 
Family Institute — one of the state’s largest anti-gay groups — Chick-fil-A has 
made it clear where it stands in the cultural debate over gay rights.  

Pennsylvania Family Institute President Michael Geer 
hasn’t been shy about his anti-gay views, so it’s no wonder 
that gay-rights groups proposed boycotting the chain. 

To combat the bad press, Chick-fil-A President Dan 
Cathy posted a video on the company’s Facebook fan page 
on Jan. 11 to clear its name. He claims that despite the 
fact that his company openly supported the denial of gay 
rights, the restaurant strives to “serve all people and values 
all people.” 

That promise isn’t good enough. It will take a lot more 
than a Facebook apology for the sake of damage control to 
temper offended customers.  

While Chick-fil-A may only be a fast food company, 
the idea of a major employer making an overt, public statement against civil 
rights is unacceptable in the 21st century. Espousing certain religious agendas is 
one thing, but Chick-fil-A executives must realize this denial of civil rights will 
incur a public backlash — one that may hold fiscal repercussions for the family-
owned chain. 

At the end of the day, despite the company’s discriminatory stance on gay 
marriage, Chick-fil-A must value profits gained from all customers — no matter 
their sexual orientations.  

— Lexi Halamandaris
Staff Writer

Private Companies at their WillApologies Just Won’t Cut it This Time

 BY Margaret Yau  •  AssociAte OPINION EDITOr

See enD, page 5

Rebekah hwang/guaRdian



oPINIoN MoNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

Got Books?
Win Cash!

Show off your collection
and enter to win prizes in the
2011 UCSD Book Collection Contest

Whether your passion is Surfing, Sartre, or Spiderman, 
tell us about your collection of 25 books or more in a short 

essay and enter to win a cash prize!
Deadline: March 11, 2011
Eligibility: Currently enrolled at UCSD as a Undergraduate
or Graduate Student
Details at: http://libraries.ucsd.edu/locations/mscl/gotbooks.html 

$500 $300
for top two entries!

&

Questions? Contact Lynda Claassen
lclaassen@ucsd.edu

thE littlE rintrAh By Eileen Shi

NorCal Cynicism’s No Match for Old Hollywood Charms 

When it Comes to Getting Students to Polls, 
Council Should Focus Efforts on Registration

not registered to vote, then come 
Election Day, all the A.S. Council 
motivation in the world won’t bring 
you to the polls. 

The ones who aren’t interested 
won’t be tempted by a day of notes 
that they can get for free whether 
they register or not. And the notes, 
being online, are available to every-
one, voter or not. One way to get 
around the problem of students abus-
ing the free lecture notes is requiring 
voters to show their “I Voted” stick-
ers. That way, those who actually 
take the time to vote will benefit, 
while those who weren’t planning on 
voting might be given a little extra 
incentive to hit the polls. 

Not to mention that the over-
whelming majority of professors 
don’t even use A.S. lecture notes. In 
fact, only 35 professors out of 1,057 
subscribe to the service — most 
students just rely on podcasts and 
professors’ online notes or friends in 
class when they miss lecture. 

While students in those 35 classes 
will be benefiting from the new mea-
sure, the resolution has negligible 
effect on the rest of the university. 
Those students are such a small 
minority that A.S. Council’s measure 
will be little more than symbolic.

Additionally, the November vot-
ing season happens to overlap with 
midterms — and we all know that 
simply putting A.S. lecture notes 
online won’t be enough motivation 
to convince any “true” UCSD stu-
dents to leave their textbooks or ven-
ture out of Geisel Library’s hallowed 
halls to vote. This November’s elec-

tion in particular, the first one during 
which this service will be offered, is 
one with few voter-mobilizing mea-
sures on the ballot, meaning that it’s 
not a good year to measure the suc-
cess of the program.

Finally, free lecture notes won’t 
matter much if students have classes 
that take attendance. If council really 
wanted to take a stand in favor of 
voting, it could try to convince pro-
fessors not to schedule midterms or 
papers on Election Day.

Instead of just helping those 
already involved, council should 
focus its efforts on initiatives like its 
voting drives.

To motivate students to register, 
A.S. Council should focus more on 
raising awareness. In addition to 
their voting drives, council could 
publicize polling booths, post more 
flyers and even send e-mail remind-
ers. 

In truth, students will most likely 
not even hear of this new measure, 
unless A.S. Council wants to throw 
down money to promote the cam-
paign. 

In the end, A.S. Council has the 
right idea in wanting to motivate 
students to vote, and this initiative 
certainly doesn’t hurt. But with all 
the obstacles working against it, 
councilmembers will have to hit 
the ground running to ensure that it 
doesn’t become another ineffective 
waste of time and energy.

Additional reporting by Cheryl 
Hori.

Readers can contact Margaret Yau at 
m1yau@ucsd.edu.

▶ notes, from page 4

www.UCSDGUarDian.orG
APPLY ONLINE.

may be a miserable enclave of the 
self-absorbed, but it couldn’t be that 
powerful. No way. It’s not like there’s 
anything but fluoride 
and chromium in the 
water.

Oh, how wrong I 
was. Eighteen hours 
in, I’d found myself 
in Santa Monica, 
Coffee Bean cup (a la 
Mary-Kate Olson) in 
one hand, Fred Segal shopping bag 
in the other. I’d long since realized 
the urgent need for a new hairstyle 
when someone asked me what brand 
my shoes were. I told him, none too 

bashfully, that people don’t just ask 
questions like that at UCSD, that that 
kind of thing was stupid and shal-
low and didn’t matter. (Then: “Ted 

Baker.”)
You might not 

expect the grass to 
be greener with all 
that pollution and 
insecurity in the air, 
but driving down 
Sunset Boulevard on 
the morning of our 
departure, pulled up 

at a stoplight next to a commercial 
filming in progress, it was impossible 
for my friend in the passenger seat 
— an actual San Franciscan — to 

contain her wonder: Was that the 
Chateau Marmont? Were we really 
about to turn onto the Hollywood 
Walk of Fame?

“You know,” she said, head turned 
toward the passing monuments 
to Barbra Streisand and Destiny’s 
Child, “I can almost see why people 
might like living here.”

Eyes focused on the road ahead, 
squinting to make out another cam-
era crew or the sign for Interstate 
101-S, I vocalized my assent (“um, 
yeah”) and continued out into the 
smoggy unknown. If we’d stayed too 
much longer, I’m afraid, I might have 
forgotten all about the gospel of the 
Bay. 

▶ enD, from page 4

you might not 
expect the grass to 
be greener with all 
that pollution and 
insecurity in the air. 



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, FEbRUARY 7, 2010 CAMPUS CALENDAR

Week of 2/7-2/13

F u n  &  E n t E r t a i n m E n t

Therapy Fluffy! Thursdays at The 
Zone - Pet a pup! Studies show that 
petting a dog is a wonderful way to 
relieve stress, so the Office of Student 
Wellness sponsors a different therapy 
dog each Thursday from 1:30 to 2:30 
pm in The Zone. You will leave with a 
warm heart and a smiling face!

Free Zumba Classes Thursdays 

E n t E r t a i n m E n t  &  F u n

Bitchy Bingo - What do you get when 
you take a traditional game of chance 
and add fabulous drag queens with 
a fierce attitude? One hell of a night! 
You’re guaranteed to laugh out loud 
when you encounter these mistresses 
of mayhem as they invade The Loft. 
9pm.

a t h l E t i c s

Women’s Tennis – vs. Point Loma 
Nazarene @ UC San Diego, 2pm

c a r E E r s

Interview Interactive: Prepare 
and Practice for your Health 
Professional School Interview   - 

a t h l E t i c s

Men’s Tennis – Grand Canyon 
Tournament Day One at Phoenix, AZ

Softball – vs. San Francisco State @ 
UC San Diego, 11am

Baseball – vs. Mesa State @ UC San 
Diego, 6pm

Women’s Water Polo – vs. Cal State 
East Bay @ UC San Diego, 6pm

Women’s Tennis – Arizona 
Invitational Day Two at Phoenix, AZ 

a r t  &  c u l t u r E

a t h l E t i c s

Men’s Tennis – Grand Canyon 
Tournament Day Two at Phoenix, AZ

Women’s Water Polo – vs. Hartwick 
(Triton Invitational) @ UC San Diego, 
9:50am

Softball – vs. San Francisco State @ 
UC San Diego, 11am

Baseball – vs. Mesa State (DH) @ UC 
San Diego, 12pm

Track and Field – Blue/Gold Alumni 
at UC San Diego, 12pm

Fencing – UC San Diego Duals @ UC 
San Deigo, 2:45pm

a t h l E t i c s

Men’s Tennis – Grand Canyon 
Tournament Day Three at Phoenix, AZ

Baseball – vs. Mesa State @ UC San 
Diego, 11am

Women’s Tennis – Arizona 
Invitational Day Four at Phoenix, AZ rn 
Oregon at UC San Diego, 11am

Jan 3 – 31 – Blood Donor Month

Now through Week 8 – CSES Starcraft 
II Tournament - Think you're the best 
at Starcraft II on campus? Prove it in 
the CSES Starcraft II tournament. The 
matches will be online, and the semi-
finals and finals will be held live during 
the engineering school's celebration of 

a r t s  &  c u l t u r E

14th Annual Black History 
Luncheon: I Am Diversity - 
Students, staff and faculty are invited 
to enjoy a taste of African-American 
culture through home-cooked soul 
food, inspiring entertainment, and 
more! More info and details at http://
hdh.ucsd.edu/bhm.   Plaza Café • 11 
am to 2 pm

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o / 
 l E c t u r E s 

UCDC Information Session - Live 

Thursday Feb 10

Monday Feb 7 Tuesday Feb 8

Friday Feb 11 Saturday Feb 12

Sunday Feb 13 ONGOING

Wednesday Feb 9

Celebrate at the
International Center

Friday, February 11
1:15pm, Int. Center

Therapy Fluffy
Thursday, February 10 

1:30pm, The Zone

Make the most of your admissions 
interview! Practice answering 
questions in this interactive workshop. 
Get experience with the interview 
process and tips from admissions 
directors. Learn about interview 
protocol. 2-3:30PM | Horizon Room

E n t E r t a i n m E n t  &  F u n

Free Food on ‘Tasty Tuesday’ at 
The Zone - Every Tuesday, something 
tasty is cooking in our demonstration 
kitchen. If you're hungry for a little 
snack or interested in simple, healthy 
cooking, stop by and check it out! Each 
week we have a different featured chef 
and sponsor. The event runs from 5:00 
to 6:30 pm

L.O.L (Laugh out Loud) - Featuring 
Neal Brennan and Feraz Ozel. Brennan 
has a resume stacked with hit comedy 
shows and live performances. One 
of his most well known roles is as 
co-creator for the popular Chappelle's 
Show with Dave Chappelle. 7:30 PM 
/ The Loft

Celebrate Valentine’s Day at the 
International Center.   Lunch costs 
$5 and is served from noon until 
1:15pm.  This week our sponsor is the 
Oceanids and our menu will include: 
balsamic roasted chicken, rosemary 
garlic roasted potatoes, bread, green 
salad, and red velvet cake. Noon until 
1:15pm, International Center

Arttalks! At the Loft - Pre-
performance conversation with 
the artists. ArtTalks! are moderated 
chats with an artist or filmmaker that 
offer the opportunity to learn the 
unexpected stories behind a work's 
creation and to explore the history 
and symbolism that merge when you 
scratch just below the surface. 7pm

Women’s Basketball – vs. Chico 
State at UC San Diego, 5:30pm

Men’s Basketball – vs. Chico State at 
UC San Diego, 7:30pm

Women’s Tennis – Arizona 
Invitational Day Three at Phoenix, AZ

E-week (weeks 7 and 8)! 

Jan 3 – end of the quarter 
– Chancellor Marye Anne fox is 
challenging all students, faculty, 
staff, alumni and university friends 
to perform 50 hours of community 
service during UC San Diego’s 50th 
Anniversary celebration. To register for 
Volunteer50, visit http://volunteer50.
ucsd.edu.

Feb. 7-8 – Men’s Golf , Cal State San 
Marcos Invitational @ Bonsall, All Day

and work in the nation’s capital while 
earning UC credit! All majors are 
invited to hear about requirements, 
deadlines, and the application process. 
1-2PM | Horizon Room

universitycenters.ucsd.edu

JUMPJUMPOFFJUMP
THE

Week
Price Center and Student Center

6

BITCHY BINGO
Monday, Feb. 7 
7:30pm Doors, 8pm Show
The Loft • PAYC for UCSD Students

JEREMY JONES’ DEEPER:
A SNOWBOARD MOVIE
Wednesday, Feb. 9 
7pm Doors, 8pm Show
Porter’s Pub • FREE for UCSD Students

PUB AFTER DARK:
AMERICAN HI-FI
w/ We Shot The Moon & Scooter Oyama
Thursday, Feb. 10
7:30pm Doors, 8pm Show
Porter’s Pub
FREE for UCSD Students +1 Guest

THE JUMP OFF
featuring: DJ DVC
Friday, Feb. 11 • 1-4pm
Round Table Patio • FREE

DUE DATE
Thursday, Feb.10 • 6 & 9pm
Saturday, Feb. 12 • 8pm
Price Center Theater 
$3 Student / $5 General

ROMA NIGHTS
featuring: Berry Lockwood
Monday, Feb. 7 • 8pm
Espresso Roma• FREE

at The Zone - Calorie-burning, body-
energizing, awe-inspiring movements 
based on Latin rhythms. Zumba trims 
and strengthens your core, and it's a 
blast! Every Thursday in The Zone from 
5:00 to 5:45 pm.

Foovie (Food & Movie) - These award-
winning short films will whet the 
appetite for the accompanying meal of 
hearty tastes inspired by the featured 
shorts  7:00 PM / The Loft

a t h l E t i c s 

Women’s Basketball – vs. Cal State 
Stanisiaus @ UC San Diego, 5:30pm

Men’s Volleyball – vs. Pacific @ 
Stockton, 7pm

Men’s Basketball – vs. Cal State 
Stanisiaus @ UC San Diego, 8:30pm

Women’s Tennis – Arizona Invitational 
Day One at Phoenix, AZ

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o /  
l E c t u r E s

P hy s i c i a n  A s s i s t a n t 
Programs:  How to Prepare & 
Apply- Planning to apply for PA 
programs? Attend this informative 
session to learn about preparing 
for physician assistant schools and 
careers, the CASPA application and 
the admission process. Get tips on 
getting experience, collecting letters, 
writing your essays, and preparing for 
interviews. 2-3PM | Horizon Room



 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/FOCUSwww.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/FOCUS

LEISURE
ContaCt the editor: leisure@ucsdguardian.org

RESTAURANTREVIEW • MINA NILCHIAN

I t’s hard to imagine a restaurant more aware of the fine line between paying homage to the 
culture of its food and trying too 
hard. At Bluefin Fusion, Victorian-
style chandeliers illuminate the dark 
interior, while the walls — featuring 
Japanese cherry blossom paintings 
which light up and change color — 
reflect a mastery of the fusion to 
which the name of the restaurant 
refers.

It’s not just the interior design. 
Bluefin Fusion, conveniently 
located in University Towne Center 
where the restaurant opened last year, has paired 
the traditional sushi-making experience of the 
two head chefs with the casual atmosphere of a 
karaoke lounge.

Equipped with a drink and sushi bar, the 

noise level of the restaurant may 
be more appropriate for an easy-
going Friday night out than an 
intimate date. No matter whom 
you decide to share the experience 
with (and whether or not sake will 
be a part of it), the perky, snazzily 
dressed wait staff will be sure to 
enhance your experience.

Peel your eyes away from the 
mesmerizing walls long enough 
to notice a quirky menu, which 
features dishes like the “Sexy Roll,” 
an “Ex-Girlfriend Roll” and even 
a “UCSD Roll” (TapEx crispy 

chicken not included).
Both Chef Yoshida and Chef Akira have 

over 20 years of experience preparing sushi in 
Japan and the United States, and insist on using 
fresh fish for a large portion of the dishes they 

offer. It pays to show some Triton pride — the 
UCSD Roll ($12.95) contains raw spicy tuna, 
fresh avocado, calamari and crunchy cucumber 
on the inside, topped with fried tilapia filet and 
shrimp and served with an abundance of thick 
spicy mayo and eel reduction sauce. Almost 
all of the fish in this roll is delivered fresh daily 
and the sushi is made to order. The soft textures 
inside the roll mesh well with the crunch of the 
fried tilapia and tempura shrimp, and the spicy 
mayo makes an excellent pairing. After a few 
rolls, though, the heat of both the spicy mayo 
and the tuna (infused with chili oil or Sriracha 
sauce) subdue the cooler flavors of the roll. A 
subtler mayo might allow better appreciation of 
the flavors. 

The California Beach Roll ($12.95), the clas-
sic beginner roll filled with crab, cucumber and 
avocado with scallops on top, comes baked and 
doused with the spicy mayo as well. The addi-

tion of the tender, bite-sized seared scallops 
(a twist on the classic California Roll) and the 
chilled tastes of the well-portioned roll make it a 
soft, easy sushi to bite into and enjoy. With less 
of the mayo, the taste of the fresh crab was more 
easily registered by the taste buds.

The late arrival of the fried calamari rings 
($5.95), a hot appetizer that would have other-
wise provided a good lead-in, made them a los-
ing case. The rings were leathery, even with the 
sweet tartar sauce that accompanied them. 

As sushi runs go, a trip to Bluefin Fusion may 
not be easy on the wallet (to enjoy the full range 
of the fresh flavors, be prepared to fork out $20 
or more), but it’s money that goes a long way. If 
the fresh fish, expertise of the chefs and amiable 
service aren’t convincing enough, take a seat and 
enjoy the trippy scenery — the hypnotic walls 
will have you forgetting any buyer’s remorse in 
no time.

BlueFin Fusion 4305 La Jolla Village DriveSan Diego, CA  92122(858) 677-0558

Hours: 
Mon-Thurs 
11:30 a.m. - 10 p.m.
Fri-Sat 
11:30 a.m. - 2 a.m.
Sun
 5 p.m. - 10 p.m.

Price Range: $8-$35

Recommended: 
California Beach Roll

Whiskey, gin, tequila, vodka, rum — for a newly minted 21-year-old, the hard alcohol options are limitless and daunting. Even after nar-rowing down the categories, the variety and quantity of labels offered 
by your local grocer makes choosing a bottle akin to a game of alcoholic Russian 
roulette. Since Captain Morgan and Sailor Jerry’s coquettish hula dancers aren’t 
fessing up anytime soon, we rounded up a group of local bartenders to sound off 
on their favorite types of liquid courage under $25. Bottoms up.

THE DRUNK’S DILEMMA

ERIKA ROBERTS/Guardian

LoCAL BARTENDERS SoUND oFF oN A FRUgAL CoLLEgE STUDENT’S 
BEST BETS FoR A gooD TIME. 

By NEDA SALAMAT * LEISURE EDIToR
pHoToS By JoHN HANACEk & ANDREw oH



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011 FOCUS

Yomi Adefioye, bartender at Live Wire, 
recommended Skyy Vodka. $11.99  

“If it was me, and I was going out drink-
ing and trying to watch my money, I’d prob-
ably go with a Smirnoff or a Skyy [Vodka],” 
he said. “Skyy Vodka — that’s a good deal, 
no matter where you go. Skyy tastes a 
lot better than most wells (cheap generic 
liquor), and it’s good enough to the point 
where I don’t feel like I’m drinking Popov.  
And then again I don’t have to pay the 
money for Kettle or Belvedre.”

Skyy Vodka is triple-charcoal filtered and 
quadruple distilled, to improve the ethanol’s 
smoothness.

 “[The difference in taste] is in the way 
it’s filtered,” Adefioye added. 

Amy Williams*, bartender at Bar Pink 
recommended Absolut Citron. $22.99 

“You can mix it with soda, juice or 
anything.  For this price range, Absolut is 
better quality — you end up with less of a 
hangover. I personally end up with less of a 
hangover.”

Beth Patterson, bartender at Shack Bar & 
Grill recommended Smirnoff. $10.99

“Smirnoff actually won a taste test 
against Grey Goose (in 2005, according to 
the New York Times). For college kids, it’s 
the best you can get in that price range.”

Shanni Thorngren, bartender at London’s 
West End recommended Stoli Blueberi 
(Stolichnaya). $18.99

“I just think it’s the best tasting, average-
price vodka. I think Absolut has a dirt fla-
vor. I’m not down for Smirnoff, their flavors 
taste very saccharine-y and artificial. Stoli 
has a little bit better of a natural flavor — 
Stoli Ohranj and Blueberi Stoli.”

Stoli flavors include: Red, Wild Cherri, 
White Pomegranik, Gala Applik, Ohranj, 
Razberi, Vanil, Blueberi, Peachik, Strasberi, 
Blakberi, Cranberi, Citros, Cranberi, Gold, 
Blue and Elit by Stolichnaya.  

Stoli Blueberi has notes of juniper, euca-
lyptus and lemon fruits.

ALL pRIcES ARE fRoM cVS 
pHARMAcy foR 750ML boTTLES.
         *NAME HAS bEEN cHANGED

EVERYTHING ABOUT THE TOP 
Vodka is distilled at a high 
proof from a fermented 
vegetable or grain mash, and 
combined with water, malt 
meal, yeast and artificial fla-
vorings. Though the exact ori-
gins of vodka remain unclear, 
it’s origins are usually attrib-
uted to Russia or Poland, as 
early as the 13th or 14th cen-
tury. Popular brands include 
Smirnoff, Grey Goose and 
Absolut.

A white spirit based on wheat 
or rye, gin is often flavored 
with juniper berries, herbs 
and spices. London Dry Gin, 
distilled in column stills, is the 
most common. Gin’s origins 
are murky, but most believe 
it comes from Holland. Gin is 
famous for being mixed with 
white vermouth, usually used 
in a martini. Popular brands 
include Tanqueray, Bombay 
Sapphire and Seagram’s.

Made of fermented and 
distilled sugar cane, rum is 
usually distilled with water or 
herbs, fruits or spices. There 
are five types of rum: light 
(lear in color and gentle in 
flavor), gold (generally have 
added materials, like molas-
ses) dark (strong, full-bodied 
flavor), infused (with mango, 
banana, etc.) and spiced. 
Popular brands include 
Bacardi, Captain Morgan 
and Myers. 

Tequila is made from the 
fermented heart of the 
agave plant that undergoes 
a double distillation. All 
tequila is colorless at first and 
diluted with water, but is aged 
or artificially darkened to cre-
ate gold tequila — tequila 
gets better with age. Tequila 
comes from Mexico, and can 
be traced as far back as the 
Aztecs. Popular brands 
include Jose Cuervo and 
1800. 

Whiskey is made from water 
yeast and grain (usually bar-
ley), with corn, oats, wheat or 
rye. Barley is malted, mashed 
with grain and water, 
fermented in wood or stain-
less steel, distilled in copper 
pots, mixed with water and 
aged. The first written proof 
of whiskey production is from 
1494.Popular brands include 
Jack Daniels, Jameson and 
Maker’s Mark.

VODKA GIN RUM TEQUILA WHISKEY

Best 
CHEAp CHEERS

Recommended by Adefioye  — 
lemon or lime Perrier, grapefruit juice 
or blood orange juice, vodka

“I like the juice with a soda element 
— it gives it more of a cocktail feel.”  

Recommended by Thorngren 
— equal parts Blueberi Stoli and 
Hawaiian Punch (mix with whipped 
cream for a thicker texture). 

“Mixing Blueberi Stoli with Hawaiian 
Punch is trouble, because you don’t 
ever taste the booze. Stoli blue with 
Hawaiian punch as a cocktail is 
great; you can do a shot and chill 
it and you can steal a squirt of whip 
cream in there so it’s frothy and 
good. It’s like dessert.”

Worst
JOSE CUERVO TEQUILA

“Terrible. It’s terrible. That’s the one I 
have the biggest problem with. The 
hangover, the comedown, there’s 
something about it,” Patterson said.

Thorngern agreed. 

“If you’re going to go with a cheap 
alcohol, tequila is pretty bad to 
go cheap. It just sort of burns and 
there’s nothing really good about 
it,” she said.

AbSoLUT cITRoN

SToLI bLUEbERI

SMIRNoff

SKyy VoDKA

THE coNSENSUS As the most versatile crowd-pleaser, vodka was the overwhelming favorite among San 
Diego bartenders. Others — gin, whiskey, rum, tequila — were described as “an acquired 
taste”(gin) or poor quality under $20 (tequila). Be wary of cheaper varieties of vodka, though 
— all our experts steered clear of plastic-cased Popov or rubbing alcohol McCormick. Unlike 
the brands listed above, Popov has only been distilled once  — giving it a less refined taste. So 
drop an extra couple of bucks and go middle-of-the-road — trust us, you won’t regret it when 
you wake up clear-headed the morning after. 

VoDKA



FOCUS MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

12

7

2

13

21 80

640
8

Monday, Feb 7
Doors 8 PM, Show 9 PM 

The Loft

BINGO
Bitchy

universitycenters.ucsd.edu • 858.822.2068theloft.ucsd.edu

T o combat the threat of Triton Eye and the nickname University of California Socially Dead, here is one less excuse to stay home 
on a Saturday night. The Little Black Book is an 
online dating site exclusively for UCSD, SDSU, 
USD and Point Loma Nazarene students that 
aims to make finding a date, a friend or a study 
buddy with benefits a little easier.

Signing up is free and groups you with 1,305 
others searching for The One — or for some 
fun. The fact that you need a university e-mail 
account to register lends some credibility to 
Little Black Book’s network. It also never dis-
plays your full last name, only the first letter, 
which makes it more difficult for unwanted 
“friends” to find you on Facebook. 

The site asks for your gender, major, birth-
day and graduation status, which is displayed 
on your profile right next to your photo. Then 
you select the particulars that will determine 
your matches: sexual preferences (male, female 
or both); what you’re looking for (friendship, 
dating or both); desired age range; your idea of 
a perfect date — moonlight kayaking, dinner 
and movie or frat party; how often you go to 
the library; your religion, ethnicity and eating 
habits; if you drink or smoke. 

Although the sultry female voice in the 
introduction video informs visitors that it takes 
only five minutes to register, you may want 
to spend some time choosing your words in 

the self-description section (think Facebook’s 
“info” section) if you are serious about getting 
someone’s attention — bad grammar isn’t much 
of a turn-on. The right profile picture is obvi-
ously even more crucial: the implications of a 
Pokémon character, a hundred-dollar bill or a 
snapshot of you chugging your twelfth Natural 
Lite aren’t good.Twenty-four hours after you’ve 
verified your email, you can log back into the 
site and see who your first five matches are. 
Little Black Book claims to match participants 
with users around the same age and with com-
mon interests, and all registered users will 
receive five new matches every day.  The site 
displays the exact percent compatibility you 
have with someone next to their headshot, and 
is good at picking up on random similarities, 
like birthday months or tastes in music. 

Still: Don’t be surprised if a 41-year-old grad 
student asks you to grab a cup of coffee or if 
you’re an art major that’s repeatedly matched 
with the same engineer. The matching feature is 
spotty at best, with only so many fish in the sea 
of San Diego students to choose from.

If you happen to be matched with someone 
who does strike your fancy, either “friend” the 
person or send him a message. “Friending” 
someone adds his name to your list of friends 
to be found later, and Little Black Book auto-
matically tells you which of your friends is cur-
rently online (again, think Facebook). Sending 

a message is the standard way to connect with 
someone, or just to helpfully point out that the 
two of you are 87-percent compatible.

Unlike other dating sites like OK Cupid or 
Match.com, Little Black Book is exclusive to 
students in the San Diego area and users are 
mostly either bored undergrads looking for 
friends to hang out, read or get drunk with — 
or graduate students looking for serious rela-
tionships. 

It lacks the in-depth questioning and com-
plex matching strategies of bigger sites, as well 
as their larger number of users, but the ques-
tions it does ask are satisfyingly relevant (like if 
you prefer barhopping in PB or a round of golf 
at Torrey Pines).

Little Black Book also suggests some “hot 
spots,” or places in the San Diego area that past 
users have reviewed after dates, but only two 
have been listed; both are pizza places. 

Another feature of the site is “daring pair-
ing,” which will match you with someone based 
solely on gender if you’re brave enough to acti-
vate it.

And with Valentine’s Day just a week away, 
the site may not match you with your soulmate, 
but at least it offers the promise of another 
entry in your own little black book. 

— Zoë soPHos
AssocIAte LeIsURe edItoR 

FEB 10 • 7:30PM 8PM DOORS • PORTER’S PUB

universitycenters.ucsd.edu • 858.822.2068

LittLe BLack Book: love aT FirsT click

JESSIcA HSu/Guardian

No 
reservatioNs

marinara sauce

RYAN JOHNSTON, HEAD 
CHEf Of  LA JOLLA RES-
TAURANTS WHISkNLADLE 

AND THE NEWER, LESS 
fORMAL, PREPkITCHEN, 
GIVES UCSD STUDENTS 

AN EASY-TO-MAkE 
MARINARA RECIPE. 

Clean, dice and sauté one 
red onion, a few carrots, 

and a few stalks of celery.

Add one cup red wine, 
thyme and bay leaf to taste.

Add one large can of 
whole, peeled tomatoes.

Cook for two hours over low 
heat, salt and pepper to 

taste.

According to Johnston, you 
can prepare as much as 
you want and freeze the 
leftovers. How’s that for 

college-friendly?



Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

CLASSIFIEDSMONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 201110 THE UCSD GUARDIAN

2/3/11 Sudoku Solutions

Find the Crossword
solution in this Thursday's 

Classifieds Page 

Student HouSing
3 bedroom condo near UTC, 
UCSD available now for $1850 
per month (includes water and 
trash).  2 parking spaces, wash-
er/dryer.  Call 858-205-9059 for 
more info. (1/31)

JobS
Earn Extra Money Students 
needed ASAP Earn up to $150 
per day being a Mystery Shopper 
No Experience Required Call 
1-877-606-1310 (2/3)

Eyeblink Study: up to $260. 
Healthy participants needed: 
18-35, right handed, drug-free, 
no psychiatric history.  Studies 
on M-F, 9-4 only.  UCSDMC, 
Hillcrest. (619) 543-2314 or  
email eyeblinkstudy@gmail.com

CampuS Life
Dancer? Is dance your passion? 
Please see my ad: Craigslist.org 
- San Diego - Community, and 
search: Seeking Female Dance 
Partner. Thanks, Mike.  Email 
openheartdance@gmail.com 
(1/31)

Across
1 Steve of Apple
5 Snug, as jeans
10 Agile
14 Old-fashioned exclamation
15 One-way street sign symbol
16 Draft classification
17 New perspective
20 Turkish topper
21 U.S., French and Australian tourna-

ments
22 Hurdles for future attys.
23 Emissions watchdog org.
24 "Dites-__": "South Pacific" song
25 "Doesn't bother me a bit"
34 Deathly white
35 Did electrical work
36 Roman peace
37 Inst. of learning
38 "__ the loneliest number": '60s song 

lyric
39 First name in jeans
40 Word after box or cable
41 Burst of growth
42 '90s candidate Ross
43 Listen very carefully
46 Section of L.A.?
47 Commercial suffix with Water
48 __ Dei: lamb of God
51 Prophets
54 Barfly
57 How the poor live
60 Rivers, to Rosita
61 __ cum laude
62 Hummus holder
63 Grand Ole __
64 Thrown weapon
65 Put in the overhead bin

Down
1 Bezos of Amazon
2 Grimm baddie
3 Folksinger Joan
4 '60s militant gp.
5 New York's __ Zee Bridge
6 "Dies __": hymn
7 Boyish smile
8 __ d'oeuvre
9 Seesaw complement
10 Knocks off
11 "Only Time" New Age singer
12 Pedal pushers
13 Soviet news source
18 "Come on, let's go for a ride!"
19 Bank robber "Pretty Boy" __
23 Barely made, with "out"
24 Lyon ladies: Abbr.
25 Civil rights org.
26 Acting award
27 Lamb Chop creator Lewis
28 Admit it
29 Flaming
30 Corn chip
31 Verdi work
32 Really enjoy, as food
33 Some turnpike ramps
38 Magnum __: great work
39 Onion relative
41 Smidgen
42 Bender of rays
44 Bumbling
45 Hubbub
48 Jackson 5 hairdo
49 Golf club part
50 American-born Jordanian queen
51 Piece of cake
52 Outskirts
53 Sicilian smoker
54 One of a deck's foursome
55 Maestro Klemperer
56 Melting period
58 Early hrs.
59 Covert __: spy missions

CLICK ON
“TRAVEL DEALS”

AT THE TOP

SPRING BR
EAK

TRAVEL DE
ALS!

ONLINE

mexico 
• baham

as • jam
aica •

ﬂoridamex
ico • las

 vegas

COMING SOON
TO A GARDEN

NEAR YOU...

petS
2 Tea-cups Yorkshires Free To 
Re-Homing  Contact: xtion-
bert@gmail.com

CLICK ON “BUSINESS CENTER” AT THE TOP

BUSINESS
CENTER
ONLINE

• GET YOUR CREDIT SCORE

• STOCK QUOTES

• VIEW YOUR CREDIT REPORT

• RESEARCH & COMPARE
   CREDIT CARDS
• APPLY FOR 
   LOANS

ucsdguardian.org



SPORTS MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

MIGRAINE
STUDY

The Research Center
of Southern California is 

conducting a migraine study.
For more information, please call

(888) 336-4600

Master of Social Work and
Graduate Psychology Programs

901 E. Alosta Ave. Azusa, CA 91702
9473

Azusa Pacific University’s graduate programs 
empower you to put compassion into action. 
Prepare to make a difference.
Master of Social Work

Internships in the Greater Los Angeles area
Integration of faith and social work practice 
Full-time and part-time options

For more information, visit www.apu.edu/explore/msw/.

Graduate Psychology Programs
APA-accredited Psy.D. Program
M.A. in Clinical Psychology with an emphasis in Marriage 
and Family Therapy
Alignment with current California licensure requirements

For more information, visit www.apu.edu/explore/graduatepsychology/.

9473_3_6875x7:Layout 1  7/30/10  9:59 AM  Page 1

CAMP WAYNE
FOR GIRLS

SUMMER OF YOUR LIFE! 

If you love children and want a caring, fun environment, 
we need Counselors for: Tennis, Swimming, Golf, 
Gymnastics, Nature/Camping, Cheerleading, Drama, 
Ropes Course, Team Sports, Waterskiing, Sailing, 
Painting/Drawing, Ceramics, Silkscreen, Printmaking, 
Batik, Jewelry, Calligraphy, Photography, Sculpture, 
Guitar, Aerobics, Self-Defense, Video. Other: 
Administrative, CDL Driver, Nurses, Bookkeeper, Nanny.

Children’s sleep-away camp,
Northeast Pennsylvania (6/18-8/14/11)  

Select The Camp That Selects The Best Sta�!
On campus Interviews February 17th

Call 1-215.944.3069 or apply at 
www.campwaynegirls.com

But the game was won on the 
other end of the court, as UCSD 
held Monterey Bay — a team that 
averages 41 percent from the field 
— to just 28 percent shooting. The 
Otters shot an abysmal 17-of-60 
from the field, and finished only 
eight out their 30 free throw oppor-
tunities.

“Our defense kept us in this 
game,” Carlisle said. “We weren’t 
shooting well, but we defended like 
we never defended before. And this 
crowd, they propelled us, they gave 
us the energy we needed to get this 
win.”

The Otters took the early lead 
with a jumper from center Julie 
Heurung, but back-to-back layups 
from Carlisle and Osga secured 
a lead for the Tritons that would 
last the duration of the match. The 
Tritons extended that lead to as 
many as 16 points with five min-
utes remaining in the first half. The 
Otters never closed the gap to less 
than four for the rest of the game.

Elliott lauded her squad for the 
win against the conference’s top 
team.

“I am so proud of this team,” 
Elliott said. “I am so proud how we 
just buckled down and we fought 

and we fought and we fought. 
Monterey is a great team, and I’ve 
thought we really did a fantastic 
job defensively sticking to the game 
plan.” 

With the pair of wins, the Tritons 
improve to 14-9 overall and 12-4 in 
the CCAA, where they sit in fourth 
place. 

UCSD has two more games 
at home this week. The Tritons 
will host Cal State Stanislaus on 
Thursday, Feb. 10 and Chico State 
on Saturday, Feb. 12. 

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu.

effort but the way we stayed togeth-
er,” Carlson said. “Christian [Hatch] 
is a guy we look to for some scoring 
punch and when he went out, we 
had to step it up. Just a great victory 
all the way around.”

Despite the missed free throws, 
Ryan had a solid night with 10 points 
and 20 rebounds. Tyler McGrath 
had 14 points off the bench for the 
Tritons, and went 3-5 from behind 
the arc.

On Spirit Night against Cal State 
Monterey Bay, the Tritons led by 
as many as 12 points, but saw their 

lead disintegrate as Berry single-
handedly willed the Otters to vic-
tory. 

UCSD led 43-33 with 13 minutes 
remaining, but the Otters went on a 
12-2 run to take a 48-45 lead. The 
Tritons tied the game after a three-
point play from Hatch, but Berry 
scored eight straight points for the 
Otters and Cal State Monterey Bay 
didn’t trail by less than four for the 
rest of the game.

Hatch once again led the way 
for the Tritons, tallying 20 points 
and 14 boards. Ryan had 19 points 
and nine rebounds. Brue and fresh-

man point guard James McCann 
struggled from the field, each going 
3-10 on the night.

With six games remaining in the 
regular season, the Tritons sit in 
11th place, but only one back of 
eight place and the final spot in the 
CCAA tournament.

The Tritons will play their final 
two home games this week, as they 
host Cal State Stanislaus and Chico 
State on Thursday and Saturday, 
respectively, at RIMAC Arena. 

Readers can contact Liam Rose at 
lfrose@ucsd.edu.

Defense, Crowd Help Tritons to Key Win Over Otters
▶ W. BASketBAll, from page 12

Tritons on Outside Looking in on Playoff  Picture 
▶ M. BASketBAll, from page 12

triton volleyball splits games
By Hanna Rahimi
Staff Writer

MEN’S VOLLEYBALL —In two 
match-ups this week, the UCSD 
men’s volleyball team swept Hope 
International University 3-0, then 
fell 3-1 to Pepperdine University as 
senior setter Phil Bannan picked up 
the school’s all-time assists record.

During the Tuesday match 
against Hope International, Hope 
came out strong in the first match, 
jumping to a quick lead at 6-2, but 
the Tritons were able to bring it to 
a tie at 11-11. After a struggle with 
four more lead changes, UCSD was 
able to take the first set. 

“We came out a little sloppy in 
game one,” UCSD head coach Kevin 
Ring said. “I just felt like our heads 
weren’t in it, so I reminded them 
on the sidelines to get their head 
back in the game. And we didn’t 
play great, but I think we’re the bet-
ter team and the better team won 
tonight, but we had to work at it.”

The Tritons were able to show 
more strength in the second set, 
hitting a .500 to the Royals’ .091. 
The team jumped to a huge lead and 
kept it through the game, resulting 
in a 25-14 set score. 

The third game was more diffi-

cult for the team, with 12 tie scores 
and five lead changes. The score 
landed at 25-22 in favor of UCSD.

“In game three we were just play-
ing OK,” Ring said. “Our numbers 
were just OK statistically, but we 
did what we needed to do, got the 
victory, kept it a short night.”

Friday’s game against Pepperdine 
did not hold such good results for 
the Tritons. The Waves took UCSD 
3-1 with scores of 25-22, 18-25, 
25-23 and 25-22. 

“The thing that was really cost-
ly was that we didn’t block very 
well,” Ring said. “[The Waves] really 
felt really comfortable attacking at 
the net, and when you feel that 
way you swing with confidence, 
and smoothly, so we just didn’t do 
enough in that regard to slow them 
down.”

UCSD kept the scores close but 
couldn’t take the victory in matches 
three and four.

“When you’re playing behind, 
you’re down two games to one, you 
get behind in game four against a 
good team like that that’s not going 
to make a lot of errors that is a 
tough hill to climb,” Ring said. “But 
I felt like we stayed in it and fought 
hard and made a game of it. It just 
wasn’t our night, but overall I’m 

proud of how we played.”
Despite the loss, Bannan was the 

star of the night, collecting the assist 
that gave him the record lead in the 
first set and continuing on to collect 
25 more before the night was out. 
Bannan now has 3,893 assists in his 
career at UCSD, topping previous 
record holder Brooks Dierdorff ’s 
3,867 assists.

“This is something I probably 
saw in him his freshman year,” Ring 
said. “He’s been that consistent and 
it just is remarkable. He is one of the 
top setters in our conference and 
there are a lot of good ones. But he 
makes some plays that not too many 
other setters can make. We’re fortu-
nate that he’s on our side of the net.” 

Bannan downplayed the remark, 
instead focusing on the team effort.

“I’m not here to break any 
records; I’m here to help my team 
win matches,” Bannan said.  “I’m 
really looking forward to the rest of 
the season.”

The Tritons will be playing their 
next two MPSF matches at Pacific 
and Stanford, but will be back at 
RIMAC at 7 p.m. on Friday, Feb. 18 
to face Cal State Long Beach. 

Readers can contact Hanna Rahimi 
at hrahimi@ucsd.edu.



SPORTS 12
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2011 www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

Good BeGinninGs,
Painful endinG

in front of over 
3,800 on sPirit niGht, 

uCsd women Get 
a hallmark win, 

while the triton men 
falter down the 

stretCh and lose to 
Cal state monterey 

Bay.

By RacHel Uda • STAFF WRITER
WOMEN’S BASKETBALL — The UCSD 
women’s basketball team capped the 
weekend with two wins at home, beating 
San Francisco State 59-52 on Thursday 
and upsetting No. 25 Cal State Monterey 
Bay in a 58-48 victory on Spirit Night on 
Saturday.

The Tritons cut it close in their game 
against bottom-of-the-conference San 
Francisco State, letting a 21-point lead 
dwindle down to just seven points with 
less than two minutes left to play.

With a nine-point cushion at half-
time, the Tritons began the second half 
by going on an 11-2 run to increase their 
lead to 20 points, at which point the 
Triton starters were replaced by a young 
UCSD bench. 

Within the next 10 minutes, Gator 
forwards Sherika Miller and Dominique 
Miller led San Francisco State in a 20-5 
run, cutting the deficit to just seven 
points.

With the game in danger, head coach 
Charity Elliott put her starters back on 
the court to finish the match, holding out 
for a 59-52 win.

“Any time I have an opportunity to get 
some more experience for the younger 
kids, I want to do that,” Elliott said. “But, 

obviously the most important thing at the 
end of the night is to get the win. I felt 
like we were too panicky, too timid, and 
we turned the ball over too many times.”

Junior guard Chelsea Carlisle led the 
Tritons in scoring, finishing 15 points 
on the night. Junior center Lauren 
Freidenberg recorded 11 points, while 
junior guard Daisy Feder ended the night 
with 10 points.

The Tritons then took on nationally 
ranked Cal State 
Monterey Bay on 
Spirit Night this 
past Saturday. 
Playing in front of 
1,049 supporters, 
the Tritons battled 
a tough Monterey 
squad — who held 
an 18-1 record 
overall — before handing the Otters their 
second loss of the season.

Four Tritons scored in double-digits 
against the Otters. Carlisle, Freidenberg 
and Feder had another strong offensive 
showing, while sophomore guard Emily 
Osga recorded her second double-double 
of the season with 10 points and 12 
boards.

MEN’S BASKETBALL — A double 
overtime thriller on Thursday may have 
snapped the Tritons’ five-game skid, but 
Cal State Monterey Bay’s Davion Berry 
proved to be too much, as the Otters 
spoiled Spirit Night for the UCSD men’s 
basketball team on Saturday night.

Junior center Christian Hatch had a 
game-high 24 points, sophomore for-
ward Justin Brue put in a career-high 20 
points and the Tritons beat San Francisco 

State 87-82 in 
double  overtime 
on Thursday. The 
Tritons scored the 
game’s final 10 
points to hang on 
for the win and 
halt a five-game 
losing streak.

The Tritons 
weren’t so fortunate on Spirit Night, as a 
crowd of over 3,800 could not prevent the 
squad from blowing a double-digit lead 
in the second half. Cal State Monterey 
Bay’s Berry scored 23 of his game-high 34 
points in the second half and the Otters 
hung on for the 70-60 victory.

“I thought we did a great job on him in 
the first half, frustrating him a little bit,” 

head coach Chris Carlson said. “But he’s 
not going to stop playing. We did a lot 
of good things tonight; we just ran into a 
buzz saw in Davion Berry.”

On Thursday against San Francisco 
State, Hatch was only able to sink one of 
two free throws with 18 seconds remain-
ing, tying the score at 67. Neither team 
could score in the remaining time, and the 
game went into overtime.

Hatch fouled out mid-way through 
the first overtime period, and the Tritons 
were left without a center for the rest of 
the game. UCSD was already without 
reserve center Ryan Wheeler, who was out 
with a bum ankle. 

The Tritons stayed in the game and led 
77-74 with 29 seconds left in overtime. But 
senior guard Casey Ryan missed four free 
throws that could have sealed the game, 
and San Francisco’s Jamari Simmons hit 
a three-pointer at the buzzer to send the 
game to a second overtime.

The Gators scored five quick points to 
take an 82-77 lead with 3:40 left on the 
clock. But San Francisco State missed the 
rest of their shots — including four free 
throws — as the Tritons went on a 10-0 
run to end the game.

“I was so pleased with not only our 

WOMEN’S GAME: UCSD 58, CSUMB 48

MEN’S GAME: CSUMB 70, UCSD 60 

SPIRIT NIGHT WINNER:  Warren College

See W. BASketBAll, page 11 See M. BASketBAll, page 11

Triton Baseball Starts Season By Winning First Night Game in Program History

NolaN Thomas/Guardian
Tim Shibuya tossed seven strong innings in the Tritons’ 4-1 win over Western 
Oregon in the season opener on Friday night. 

By liam Rose
Sports Editor

BASEBALL — The UCSD baseball team 
took three of four from Western Oregon 
in its opening series of the 2011 season.

In their first-ever regular season night 
game, the Tritons looked strong in their 
season-opener, taking a 4-1 win. Ace 
Tim Shibuya allowed one run in seven 
innings, left fielder Aaron Bauman had 
two hits and two runs and the Tritons 
took advantage of five Western Oregon 
errors to take the win.

 “They didn’t make some plays tonight, 
and that gave us a chance to score some 
runs,” head coach Dan O’Brien said. “I 
can’t say enough about our guys and how 
they capitalized on those mistakes. Every 
time they made a mistake we made them 
pay for it.”

An All-American last year, Shibuya 
picked up where he left off to earn the 
win on opening night.

“I love it,” Shibuya said. “It’s the best 
feeling in the world. Season starts, under 
the lights, perfect day, and just get up 
there and set the tone for the rest of the 
year.”

UCSD installed lights at Triton 
Ballpark over the offseaon, enabling the 

team to play night games for the first 
time this year.

The Tritons followed up their open-
ing night victory with a pair of wins in 
a doubleheader on Saturday. In the first 
game, RHP Guido Knudson threw seven 
strong innings with two runs allowed to 
earn the victory, and right fielder Kyle 
Saul had 3 RBI as the Tritons picked up 
a 10-2 win. Catcher Michael Benton went 
3-4 with a run and two RBI.

The second half of the doublehead-
er was a seven-inning game with RHP 
Daniel Simmons throwing a complete 
game, and the Tritons breezed to a 6-1 
win. Shortstop Garrett Tuck had two RBI 
off a triple in the fifth inning, while first 
baseman Nick Hom had an RBI in his 
first start as a Triton. Left fielder Aaron 
Bauman had the first Triton home run 
this season, a solo shot down the right 
field line in the fourth inning.

The Tritons’ lone loss in the series 
came on Sunday, as UCSD fell 7-5. RHP 
Greg Selarez had a solid outing in his first 
start as a Triton, giving up three runs on 
seven hits in six innings and picking up 
the loss. 

But the Triton bullpen faltered, as 
righty pitchers Justin Burns and Eric 
Abraham combined to give up four runs 

in 0.2 innings. RHP Elias Tuma came in 
to settle things down, but the damage was 
done. Western Oregon took a 7-1 lead 
into the bottom of the seventh inning.

The Tritons scored four runs in their 
half of the inning, but left four men on 
base in the final two innings and were 
unable to pull out a win. UCSD left 
12 men on base throughout the game, 
and had problems driving in runs. Evan 
Kehoe had the only Triton RBI in the 
game, as the Tritons scored on a balk, 
wild pitch and two Western Oregon 
errors.

After the series, the No. 2 Tritons have 
opened the season 3-1. The Tritons got 
the wins despite having several players 
out due to injury.

“I think great teams have great depth,” 
O’Brien said. “While we’re banged up, we 
haven’t even talked about it as a team. 
We just give it to the next guy, and know 
that someone is going to be ready for the 
opportunity.”

The Tritons will have another four-
game home series next weekend against 
Mesa State. The first game will be on 
Friday, Feb. 11 at 6 p.m. at Triton Ballpark.

Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@
ucsd.edu.

By lIaM ROSe • SPORTS EDITOR

PHOtOS By BRIan yIP and nOlan 
tHOMaS


	020711News.pdf
	020711Opinion.pdf
	020711Calendar_PG6.pdf
	020711LeisureWEB.pdf
	020711Classifieds_PG10.pdf
	020711Sports.pdf

