
SURF INSIDE
monday

Height: 2-4 ft.
Wind: 7-10 mph

Water Temp: 66 F

tuesday
Height:  4-6 ft.
Wind: 3-8 mph

Water Temp: 66 F

wednesday
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 10-12 mph 
Water Temp: 66 F

thursday
Height:  5-7 ft.
Wind: 3-9 mph 

Water Temp: 66 F

LOw

$3.89
optima, Chula Vista
498 Broadway Ave. & H St.
HIGH

$4.79
76, Coronado
900 Orange Ave. & 9th St.

thursday friday
monday
H 63 L 53

tuesday
H 60 L 56 monday tuesday

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORT
Which Sun God 
performance WaS 
the beSt?
√  Wiz Khalifa
√  Crystal Castles
√  Other

SUNSET

5:49 A.M.

7:43 P.M.wednesdayH 61 L 55 thursdayH 63 L 57 thursdaywednesdayWWW.ucSdGuardian.orG

Comics ..................................2
Lights And Sirens ..................3
How-to Guru ..........................4
Letters to the Editor ...............4
In Focus .................................8
Classifieds ...........................10
Sudoku ................................10

a record-breaking

SUN GOD 

This year’s Sun God Festival — featuring acts such as Wiz Khalifa, Jimmy Eat World, 
Crystal Castles and JFK of MSTRKRFT— 
reached a full capacity of 20,000 on May 13.

 According to A.S. Concerts and Events 
Media Liaison Oliver Zhang, the A.S. Concerts 
and Events Office ran out of student wristbands 
on Thursday, May 12 just before closing at 7 
p.m. Of 20,000 total tickets available —  the 
maximum capacity of RIMAC Arena, where 
the festival is held — 3,000 were guest tickets, 
down from last year’s 3,500. 

“The [wristband] line went surprisingly 
fast,” Marshall College freshman Bella Trouw 
said. “It was very organized. I was not expecting 
to get a wristband that quickly since the line 
went all the way to Peterson Hall. It went a lot 
faster than I expected for how long it took.” 

Despite this, all 17,000 student 
wristbands were distributed in just eight 

hours. In contrast, tickets didn’t sell 
out until 2:30 p.m. on the day of the 
festival in 2010; in 2009 about 1,200 
tickets went unclaimed. 

“We did distribute all of the 
wristbands faster than in the past, 
but it’s not the first time the Sun 
God Festival has sold out,” Oliver 

Zhang said in an email. 
According to Zhang, 

ASCE decided to open the 
box office one hour earlier 
than the 12 p.m. advertised 
time to prevent early 
crowding. He estimates that 

students started lining up around 8 a.m. on Thursday.
“In order to make the distribution process as easy 

and smooth as possible, we opened early to prevent 
unnecessary line buildup, and to get the students who 
were waiting in and out in a comfortable, timely fashion,” 
Zhang said.

Hundreds of students sold their wristbands for profit 
with prices ranging from about $30-100 on networking 
sites such as Facebook and Craigslist.

Muir College junior Maggie Zhang was able to get 
a wristband within the last hour of the box office’s 
operating hours on Thursday.

“I went around 6:20 and waited less than ten minutes,” 
Maggie Zhang said.  “They should end [box office hours] 
earlier on Thursday to give people a chance on Friday.”

The festival’s budget totals around $540,000 with 
$190,000 spent on talent, almost a quarter of A.S. 
Council’s annual $2.6 million budget drawing from the 
student activity fee of $47.82 per student each quarter. 
Last year, $690,000 was allotted for the festival, with 
$50,000 to cover security and $190,000 for talent. This is 
the second year the wristbands have been sold from a box 
office held on Marshall Field; previously, wristbands were 
distributed at 24 booths on a line that stretched from 
Ridge Walk to Earl Warren Mall. 

This year’s dance stage allowed for an unlimited 
capacity as it was an open area compared to last year’s 
enclosed dance tent, which closed due to overcrowding. 

“I can’t compare [the dance stage] to last year but from 
what I saw I really enjoyed it,” Trouw said. “The lighting 
was really well done and I liked that it was outdoors.”

In addition to the new dance stage, this year’s festival 
offered a variety of new acts, from alternative rock 
band Jimmy Eat World to pop singer Mike Posner.  
    Rapper Big Sean was scheduled to perform from 5:50-

RIMAC AReNA fIllS tO 20,000 MAxIMUM CApACIty 
AfteR StUDeNt tICketS Sell OUt SIx hOURS 

AfteR GOING ON SAle.

BY NICOLE CHAN * ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR
PHOTOS BY ANDREW OH, JOHN HANACEK & BRIAN YIP

NIGHT WATCHFORECASTWEB POLL SUNRISE

MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XXV

See Sun God, page 3



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011 NEWS

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. Liam sings Shakira.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: 858-822-3793, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-6583, focus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: 858-822-3793, photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: 858-534-6582, design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: 858-822-3793, art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7691

business manager
Emily Ku 

business assistant
Tiffany Han

marketing directors
Brandon Katzer, Annie Wang

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

advertising design and Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

distributors
Scott Havrisik, Amanda Ku

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

page Layout
Melody Chern, Praneet Kolluru, Connie Lu,                     

Arielle Sallai, Vivian Zhang

Angela Chen

Angela Chen
Arielle Sallai

Laira Martin 

Nicole Chan
Rebecca Horwitz

Margaret Yau

Madeline Mann

Rachel Uda

Mina Nilchian

Ren Ebel

Monica Haider

Andrew Oh

John Hanacek

Melody Chern

Praneet Kolluru

Rebekah Hwang

editor in chief

managing editors

news editor

associate news editor

opinion editor

associate opinion editor

Sports editor

associate focus editor

hiatus editor

copy editor

photo editor

associate photo editor

design editor

associate design editor

art editor

copy readers
Monica Haider, Amanda Ku, Emily Pham,                  

Melissa Stanley

Winners

A&PS Marketing & Web Communications

Transportation Services

CELEBRATE CYCLING
BIKE BREAKFAST PIT STOP: LOT  P406
Gilman Drive at Villa La Jolla Drive, 6–10 a.m.

FRIDAY
MAY 20

Auxiliary & Plant Swervices Marketing & Communications

BICYCLE COMMUTE
CHALLENGE CONCLUDES  
Snacks Snapshots Swag

2011

Find cycling resources at ucsd.edu/go/bike

MEAGER MOUSE By Rebekah Dyer

CLOSED QUARTERS By Kat Truong

Administration Creates New Vice Chancellor Diversity Position
By Sarah Smith
Staff Writer

UCSD will create a new position 
called Vice Chancellor for Equity, 
Diversity and Inclusion beginning 
July 1 to address the university’s 
diversity efforts.

The VC EDI position was 
established to expand upon diversity 
efforts formerly overseen by the 
chief diversity officer, according 
to Executive Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs and molecular 
biology professor Suresh Subramani.  

The current chief diversity 
officer, pediatrics professor Sandra 
Daley, will conclude her three-year 
term on June 30. 

At this time, the part-time 
position will transition into the full-
time VC EDI role. 

Subramani said that the 
administration believes creating a 
full-time diversity leader position 
is the most cost-effective structure.

“We have not yet determined 
where the VC EDI’s office will be 
located, nor do we have salary 
estimates at this time,” Subramani 

said in an email. “At senior 
administrator levels, salary is 
typically negotiated after a candidate 
has been identified.”

While the details of the position 
are not secure, the VC EDI will be 
part of the Chancellor’s Cabinet.

“The VC EDI will be a member of 
the Chancellor’s Cabinet, continuing 
the practice of the Chief Diversity 
Officer as an integral advisor to the 
campus leadership,” Subramani said

Associate Vice President 
Diversity Affairs Alyssa Peace 
supports the position and hopes 
that the VC EDI will create paid 
internships to allow students who 
already support diversity efforts to 
spend more time on their respective 
projects.

“I think it’s a good idea because 
the vice chancellor position will be 
able to secure funds in a way other 
positions can’t,” Peace said.  “I think 
it’s an institutional position that 
we’ve been needing for a long time.”

Peace said she believes that 
students must be on the hiring 
committee for the position to be 
successful. 

Following last year’s March 4 
meeting regarding campus diversity, 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox has 
been consulting administrative 
groups —  including the Academic 
Senate Council, Campus Climate 
Council, academic deans and the 
Chancellor’s Council —  regarding 
the most effective methods of 
addressing these issues. 

The meeting was held in response 
to racial tensions stemming from 
incidents in Winter Quarter 2010, 
such as a party mocking Black 
History Month, a noose found in 
Geisel Library and a white hood 
placed on the Dr. Seuss statue. 

Fox decided that having a full-
time diversity leader was necessary.

According to Subramani, 
establishing the VC EDI position 
within Academic Affairs will ensure 
greater collaboration among faculty, 
staff and student diversity offices, 
programs and initiatives. 

It is also the most cost-effective 
organizational structure, according 
to Subramani.

Daley will serve as an adviser 
to Subramani until the VC EDI 

permanent position has been filled.
The VC EDI will report directly 

to Subramani as a member of the 
Chancellor’s Cabinet and will be 
assisted by an advisory council 
representing campus groups. 

He or she will be responsible 
for developing and implementing 
a campus-wide strategy on equity, 
diversity and inclusion. 

The VC EDI will also propose 
a system to measure progress and 
will identify potential areas of 
administrative responsibility.

Both UC Berkeley and UC 
San Francisco have similar vice 
chancellor positions.

The search for the new vice 
chancellor position will begin later 
this spring quarter.  

Subramani will establish 
a search committee, whose 
members will work with him 
and a national search consultant 
to develop the VC EDI position 
description and find qualified 
candidates to fill the position. 

Readers can contact Sarah Smith at 
sjs001@ucsd.edu.



NEWS MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

LiGhts AND sirens
Friday, May 6
1:57 a.m.: Suspicious person
A transient was following two 
students walking at Black’s Beach, 
yelling profanities at them. Checks 
OK.
6:15 a.m.: Drunk in public
A male was staggering around 
Matthews Apartments while 
vomiting. Report taken.
1:06 p.m.: Information
A female student with a history of 
similar knee problems dislocated 
her knee while sitting down at Muir 
Apartments. Information only.
2:01 p.m.: Report of petty theft
The Bookstore got photos of 
someone stealing a book from the 
premises. Report taken.
 
Saturday, May 7
1:46 a.m.: Drunk in public
A male was vomiting in front of the 
Village. Detention only.
11:27 p.m.: Suspicious person
Two male transients were going 
through the recyclables at Lot 208. 
Field interview administered.
 
Sunday, May 8
4:19 p.m.: Hit and run 
The reporter saw a vehicle hit a 
blue BMW SUV and a truck in Lot 
206 and move to another parking 
lot. Report taken.
5:07 p.m.: Suspicious person
A male in his 30s was carrying 
a cane and dancing and was 
presumably drunk or on drugs. 
Report taken.
5:32 p.m.: Bicycle theft
An unlocked red bike at Pepper 
Canyon Hall was stolen. 
Information only.
 
Monday, May 9
12:36 p.m.-: Bicyclist stop
An officer stopped a bicyclist on 
Library Walk. Verbal warning 
issued.

2:37 p.m.: Chemical exposure
There was a smell of gas near 
the outside play area at Rebecca 
and John Moores Cancer Center. 
Referred to other agency.
 
Tuesday, May 10
8:27 a.m.: Petty theft
Someone took plants from a new 
landscaping area near Hubbs Hall 
on Biological Grade at the Scripps 
campus. Report taken.
10:53 a.m.: Demonstration
A Jewish student group was 
protesting a Palestinian display on 
Library Walk. Information only.
 
Wednesday, May 11
3:24 a.m.: Report of fraud
The reporter purchased a fake Sun 
God festival ticket on Craigslist.
com for $75 and realized the ticket 
was a fake, but the suspect was 
unreachable. Report taken.
9:28 a.m.: Trespass
A man in his 60s refused to leave 
Geisel Library and was yelling at 
students and staff members. Report 
taken.
3:35 p.m.: Welfare check
The reporter heard a female 
screaming as if she was being 
attacked, but she was just watching 
a movie. Information only.
4:26 p.m.: Medical aid
A male in his 20s passed out during 
a workout at RIMAC. Information 
only.
 
Thursday, May 12
7:42 a.m.: Suspicious person
A female with binoculars was 
hiding in the bushes at Pacific Hall. 
Unable to locate.
10:06 a.m.: Accident, no injury
A shuttle collided with a rental car 
on La Jolla Village Drive. Report 
taken.

— Compiled by Sarah Kang 
Staff Writer

6:50 p.m., but did not appear until about 10:05 p.m. to 
perform a 40-minute set. 

According to Zhang, Big Sean was 
stuck in traffic coming from Los Angeles. 
      “We delayed as long as we could in the hopes that he 
would make it in time, but when he couldn’t, we had to 
move on with the schedule,” Zhang said.

Main stage acts Best Coast and Crystal Castles had 
notably shortened set lengths which lasted approximately 
a half hour each, but Zhang said that this was not the 
responsibility of the ASCE office.

“Artists are entirely responsible for their own 
performances,” Zhang said. “We contract artists for a 
general amount of time but they prepare for their own 
sets.”

The Midway tent included performances from dance 
teams such as local San Diego’s Dance Crew 220, UC 
Irvine’s Kaba Modern and UCSD’s Team Heist.

“We’ve performed at Sun God a couple of years now,” 
Team Heist founding member and Sixth College senior 
Steven Saing said. “We had a good experience—the 
audience was pretty hyped up, everyone was energetic, 
and we could hear the cheers from the crowd. We don’t 
do many campus performances, [so] this was our chance 
to show UCSD what we’ve been working on. We put a lot 
of effort into it for UCSD.”    

As of press time, the UCSD Police Department did 
not respond to interview requests. 

Additional reporting by Laira Martin.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at n3chan@ucsd.edu.

Headliner Big Sean Delayed Performance Until 10 p.m.
▶ Sun God, from page 1

NO DIVISION-I UpgrADE UNTIL AT LEAST 2013
By Liam Rose
Senior Staff Writer

 The move to Division I athletics 
is on hold indefinitely, after the Big 
West Conference declined to add 
UCSD as member for the second 
time in less than six months. The 
National Collegiate Athletic 
Association requires that a school 
acquire conference membership 
before moving into Division I.

The Big West Conference Board 
of Directors, led by conference 
commissioner and Long Beach State 
athletic director Dennis Farrell, 
met last week to hear from UCSD 
representatives on the school’s 
proposed move to Division I athletics. 
Big West officials ultimately decided 
the conference will not expand 
beyond its current 10 members at 
this time.

“At this point, there was no desire 
to move beyond the 10 members 
we’ll have starting in 2012 and ‘13,” 
Farrell said in an interview with city 
news services. “It’s nothing against 
[UCSD]. There’s a recognition that 
UCSD would fit well institutionally 
with the rest of our members but 

right now there’s a ‘no vacancy’ sign.”
The conference added University 

of Hawaii in December to start in the 
2012-13 academic year. UCSD also 
expressed interest at that time, but 
Hawaii was the only school added. 
Hawaii — who has a football team — 
was able to offer to cover part of the 
travel expenses for other schools in 
the conference.

Last week, UCSD officials 
informed the conference of the 
findings of the Division I feasibility 
report released in March. The report 
found that, while football is not 
feasible at this time, UCSD fits the 
profile of a Division I school, and 
consequently A.S. Council passed a 
resolution on March 9 supporting a 
referendum that would raise student 
fees for the move sometime next year. 
But Big West officials were content 
with the conference’s current makeup. 

“They are not interested in 
expanding beyond 10 at this time,” 
UCSD Athletic Director Earl Edwards 
said. “When you look at a conference, 
an even number is usually what you 
want to go with, so I think it was 
more structural than anything else.”

A.S. President Alyssa Wing 

—  who heavily emphasized athletics 
in her election platform —   said she 
will continue with efforts to move to 
Division I.

“While the Big West did 
not accept UCSD at this time, 
it does not mean that the 
opportunity to join the Big West 
has closed,” Wing said. “We are 
still considering a referendum to 
advance UCSD to Division I, and are 
continuing to discuss options.”

In light of the Big West’s decision, 
UCSD will not be able to make 
the jump until at least the 2013-
14 academic year. The Big West 
includes all other Division-I UC 
campuses except for UCLA and UC 
Berkeley, which are part of the Pac-
10 Conference, and facilitated UC 
Davis’s move to Division-I beginning 
in 2003. 

“I’m not going to say I wasn’t 
disappointed, because clearly I was,” 
Edwards said. “But our plan is to 
continue to do our homework and 
look into what it’s going to take to 
move to Division I.”

Readers can contact Liam Rose at 
lfrose@ucsd.edu.



out of context
God help the teacher that is trying to teach math 
to a bunch of seven year-olds who have been in a 
classroom for seven hours already.”

Caitlin Giles
WRITER, CHICAGO NOW

“
4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/oPINIoN

OpiniOn
ContaCt the editor: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

MoNDAY, MAY 16, 2011

WEB
POLL
WhIch 

maIn sTagE 
acTs aRE 

you mosT 
ExcITEd 

foR?
Out of 77 

votes.

38% Jimmy Eat World

26%  
Wiz Khalifa

19%  
17%  

Other Crystal
Castles

  Though there was uproar over tickets sold out too soon, there’s little the Sun God 
organizers could have done to make the process any smoother.

The dust has settled on another Sun God. The A.S. Concerts and Events office’s $540,000 behemoth of a con-
cert went off with a few minor glitches, like 
running out of student wristbands on the 
first day and a few performance disappoint-
ments; but despite these small problems, Sun 
God 2011 was a relative success. 

While the concert had its successes, stu-
dent tickets were a big factor in drawing the 
ire of students who didn’t get their desired 
wristbands. A month ago, guest tickets sold 
out in four days. Then, the day before the 
festival, student wristbands ran out on the 
first day of distribution. 

This is the third time in Sun God his-
tory that all 17,000 student tickets and 3,000 
guest tickets sold out, and the first time that 
student tickets ran out on the first day. 

It’s frustrating not to be able to bring 
friends to the party of the year,  and worse 
to pay $23 in student fees for the festival and 

still be denied entrance. But given the “cag-
ing” of the festival on RIMAC Arena starting 
in 2009, and RIMAC’s 20,000 maximum 
capacity, there’s not much that A.S. Concerts 

and Events could have done to make things 
run more smoothly. The office can only sell 
as many wristbands as RIMAC can hold, 
and had already cut the number of guest 
tickets so more undergraduates could attend. 

When it comes to wristbands, it’s a lose-
lose situation for the organizers: Increasing 
the number of wristbands would lower the 
number of guest tickets sold. And given how 
poorly that strategy went with guest tickets, 
that solution wouldn’t exactly please every-
one either. 

On Thursday, sales started out on a bad 
note with ASCE choosing to open the line 
more than an hour before its announced 12 
p.m. distribution time. ASCE Media Liaison 
Oliver Zhang claimed that this was done in 
order to prevent unnecessary line build up, 
but the move that ultimately hurt students 
who planned on waiting in line within the 

See Sun God, page 5

EDiTORiAL

Sun God Succeeds Despite Setbacks 

Jane Rho/Guardian

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

Dear Editor,
On May 4, Saad Asad wrote: “[B]

y authorizing the operation, President 
Obama has gained significant politi-
cal clout regarding foreign policy. The 
Taliban, already demoralized from 
fighting for so long, will be more 
likely to make a deal in Afghanistan, 
and Republican opposition at home 
will be less inclined to criticize Obama 
on foreign policy.”  I recently wrote 
to President Obama, instructing 
him that the price of my vote in the 
next election was freedom for Pfc. 
Manning.  Will the U.S. President’s 
numbers continue to soar when 
the Israeli Prime Minister speaks to 
Congress later this month? 

Won’t it look like one too many 
trumpets? The Israelis held off when 

hit by Scud missiles during the Iraq 
shock’n’awe.  Will they stay home for 
the continuing Osama post-mortem? 

And for the unsupported asser-
tion that torture helps: If the Pakistani 
secret service were protecting Osama 
bin Laden (as is conceivable because 
of the proximity of Islamabad) why 
would law professor John Yoo of UC 
Berkeley’s Boalt Hall claim — as the 
CIA Director and/or another clone 
thereof also claim with complicity 
— that the U.S. identified one of the 
brothers as a courier with connec-
tions to the former number three of 
Al Qaeda and a mastermind of the 
September 11 attacks who was cap-
tured in 2005 and so forth (meaning 
that the incarcerated individual was 
tortured)?

Will Yoo claim he is legally 
entitled to the reward money for the 
big kill, or the extraction of the corpse 
and its burial at sea, since he wrote 

the waterboarding memo for Obama’s 
immediate predecessor?  
  

—Richard Thompson
UCSD Alumnus, ‘83

Dear Editor,
     The Republican and Libertarian 
parties are shameless. Many call 
themselves Christians, but they don’t 
follow the teachings of Christ. They 
are merely two-faced selfish liars 
who want to pad their pockets while 
disregarding the needs of others. An 
average CEO in the US makes more 
per day than the average worker in 
his/her firm in a year. It’s robbery. 
Republicans are threatening to hold 
the U.S. economy hostage in order to 
cut Medicare and preserve the Bush 
tax cuts for billionaires and corpora-

tions. They’re calling for spending 
caps to disguise their plan to gut 
Medicare. We need responsible action 
by the rich as well as the middle class-
es and working people. Taxes must 
be proportional to one’s ability to 
pay. We need sustainable practices so 
future generations will have resources 
and hope. The U.S. is not setting 
an acceptable example. We need to 
reduce resource consumption and the 
human population, take care of the 
planet, and protect people from greed. 
If other developed countries can do it, 
why can’t we?  

—Milton Saier
Professor, Biological Sciences

Foreign Policy in a 
Delicate Balance

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be no longer than 500 words, 
typed, double-spaced and signed with a name 
and applicable title. Letters must also contain a 
phone number. We reserve the right to edit for 
length and clarity. Email all letters to: opinion@
ucsdguardian.org.

Angela Chen
Editor in ChiEf

Arielle Sallai
Managing Editor

Laira Martin
nEws Editor

Margaret Yau
opinion Editor

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 2011. 

Views expressed herein represent the majority vote of the 
editorial board and are not necessarily those of the UC 
Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the 

Guardian staff. 

Not everyone can wake up feeling like P. Diddy the morning after a Sun God 
binge. For everyone else — you 
know, those of us who wake up with 
a pounding headache, overwhelming 
nausea and cotton mouth — How-
to Guru can provide some much-
needed tips on hangover prevention 
and cures. 

In a battle against the telltale 
headache, food is a key component. 
Beforehand, eating a full meal (the 
more oil the better) is key. Not only 
will this prevent you from getting 
drunk before the best acts are on 
stage or before the guests arrive to 
your own birthday bash, but greasy 
foods like pizza or french fries will 
line the walls of your stomach and 
keep the alcohol from being absorbed 
by your body too quickly, leaving 
your head spinning and your gag 
reflex taunting you. More absorption, 
more visual distortion.

Beware of taking ibuprofen 
(Advil) or acetaminophen (Tylenol) 
before going to sleep while drunk. 
You may think that it’s the best way 
to fight your already pounding head-
ache, but just go to sleep. Not only 
will the effects of the painkiller wear 
off before you even wake up (forcing 
you to take more when you wake up), 
but it could hurt your internal organs 
as well. Your poor, abused liver can’t 
handle alcohol and acetaminophen 
simultaneously — trying to do so can 
lead to liver inflammation and even 
liver failure.

Make sure to get enough rest. The 
five margaritas you had might be 
putting you to sleep easily, but in a 
few hours, your body will go through 
alcohol withdrawals and jolt awake. 
Not getting enough sleep might not 
be a direct cause of any hangover 
symptoms, but with “feeling exhaust-
ed” at the top of your laundry list of 
post-drinking ailments, everything 
seems so much worse.

The best way to stave off a hang-
over is constant hydration. Drink at 
least a couple cups of water before 
crashing, so you don’t wake up feel-
ing light-headed and dizzy. Sleep it 
off and then start off your morning 
with more water, or better yet, a 
sports drink that will replenish those 
essential electrolytes.

But contrary to the “experience” 
of a thousand suffering coeds, eating 
syrup-drenched French toast and that 
egg-and-sausage breakfast burrito has 
absolutely no effect on any hangover 
symptom, except maybe hunger. The 
main goal is to get nutrients back 
into your system as quickly as pos-
sible, and dealing with heartburn on 
account of your triple bacon cheese-
burger and fries is not a good look on 
anyone. Instead, try eating something 
easily digestible, like a fruit salad.

Another popular hangover 
beverage of choice is fruit juice. 
Liquids like orange juice will give 
you energy from the fruit’s natural 
sugar, as well as vitamins that have 
been shown to speed up your body’s 
detox process.

Even if you are bent on indulg-
ing in your night of drunken excess, 
keep these tips in mind for a pain-
free morning

Don’t Blame 
it on the 
Alcohol the 
Next Morning

How-to
      Guru
guru@ucsdguardian.org

Partisan Practices 
Reflect Hypocrisy



oPINIoN MoNDAY, MAY 16, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

NOTES: Option 1

CLIENT: SPSR

PUB: UCSD Guardian            

TRIM: 10” x 8” BLEED: 0” VERSION: 1 COLOR: 4-color

JOB #: 10-SPSR-1354

PUB DATE: 1/10/11

Link up for more information and mental health resources.

Up2SD.org/yourlife

READ UP
to recognize the signs.

SPEAK UP
and get the help you need.

My mental health challenges 
caught me off guard.

READ UPREAD UP

caught me off guard.
At � rst I didn’t recognize my symptoms as mental illness – I 
thought I was just having some bad days. Then, I learned that 
1 in 4 adults experience mental health challenges such as 
depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and others. I got help and 
now I am moving forward with my life. Recovery is possible and 
getting help is an important � rst step.

Funded by the Mental Health Services Act

QUICKTAKES Four-Day School WeekQUICKTAKES

For students in over 100 school districts across the country, three-day weekends are nothing out of the ordinary. Public schools in 17 states have adopted four-day school weeks in an attempt to save 
money and resources. Though this trend is becoming more widespread, this move is motivated only 
by a desire to save money. This is bad news for schools because education must be top priority, not 
additional funding. 

Cutting the school week must be balanced by increasing the number of 
hours students spend in school every day, which will make students restless 
and less likely to retain information. Dr. David J. Bateson of the University of 
British Columbia studied 30,000 10th-grade students and found that learning 
is likely to be less effective in longer class periods, especially in courses such as 
math and science. Beginning teacher evaluation studies show that children are 
significantly more productive when taught over short periods of time instead 
of in long blocks. Furthermore, the attention span of the average full-grown 
adult is only around 20 minutes, according to researchers at the University of 
Indiana, and children are even more restless. Increasing the amount of time 
kids will have to sit at a desk will only make them less focused on their studies.

In addition, disciplines like foreign languages require daily classroom inter-
action that can’t be substituted with longer lessons. In many cases, the quality 
of learning is more dependent on long-term consistency and review than on 
the number of hours of studying per day. According to Bell Communications 
research, people lose 10-9 bits of memory each second, and the longer students 
are out of school, the more they forget. 

These educational downfalls are not worth the meager 3 to 8 percent of 
operating budgets (according to the University of Southern Maine) that schools will save on utility, 
transportation and lunch costs. There are other ways to make money without sacrificing education. 
Schools in the Lake Washington district have saved more than $550,000 in two years by reducing 
waste and power usage. 

Schools may want to pursue desperate measures to save money, but they must put their students’ 
education first and think of other ways to cash in.                   

— Revathy Sampth-Kumar
 Staff Writer

With less money available for education, 120 school districts across the country (and counting) are going so far as redefining the school week to have a three-day weekend, every weekend. 
While there is public outcry at compacting education to save money, a four-day school week reaps 
educational as well as monetary benefits by raising test scores and revenue.
      Like the block schedule that about 30 high schools in California have adopted, in which students 
have fewer, but longer (the day is a little under two hours longer), classes per 
day, a shortened school week would invest more time in actual instruction 
because of fewer passing periods and less time devoted to getting situated in 
a class. A 2009 report by the Center for Education Policy at the University of 
Southern Maine on all four-day schools finds that the four-day school week has 
positive — or, at worst, neutral — effect on academics. This can be explained by 
classes getting into more depth due to longer periods and more time for home-
work and extra-curricular activities on the weekend. For example, a school 
district in Webster County, Ky., moved from 111th to 53rd in the state for stan-
dardized-test performance five years after switching to the four-day system. 
       Additionally, students who participated in the report claimed to have more 
positive attitudes about school — a sentiment reflected in lower dropout rates, 
higher rates of classroom participation and increased involvement in extracur-
ricular activities. 
       And the monetary and practical benefits are undeniable. According to 
the report, schools saved 2 to 9 percent of their annual costs. 
Transportation and utility costs would be reduced with buses, cafeterias and 
buildings experiencing less use. 
       The four-day week has thus far been limited to small, rural school districts, and in California, 
only 10 school districts — all with less than 500 students — currently follow this system. Thus, a 
four-day week may not be as feasible for larger schools. But the concept is nothing new. According to 
the National Council of State Legislatures, the four-day school week has existed since the 1970s, with 
examples in Montana, Georgia, Missouri and Washington. Over 120 schools districts across the U.S. 
are using it and, seeing these irrefutable benefits, there should be more to come. 

— Hilary Lee
 Staff Writer

Shouldn’t Sacrifice Education for Financial SavingsFour-Day School Weeks Proven to be Beneficial

JoSeY TSao/Guardian

Sun God Organizers Should Change Marketing Strategy to Accommodate Ticket Demands
time frame set by ASCE. 

Still, the line moved briskly, and was nothing 
compared to the epic lines that stretched all the 
way to Warren College in 2009. Plus, with tickets 
on sale for seven hours, there was time for all 
but students with the most packed schedules to 
retrieve their wristbands. 

Though students are ultimately responsible 
for picking up wristbands themselves, ASCE 
could have avoided some of the anger by altering 

its marketing methods. 
The office’s announcements that wristbands 

would be available on both Thursday and Friday 
implied that tickets would be available both 
days, providing a false sense of security. Instead, 
the office should advertise that ticket lines will 
open on Thursday at noon and will reopen on 
Friday if wristbands are still available. That way, 
students will feel more compelled to actually get 
their tickets when the lines open instead of at the 
last minute. 

Though Sun God primarily advertises the 
big name artists it manages to snag, some stu-
dents just came to dance. Others fled RIMAC 
field after mistaking Big Sean for Wiz Khalifa 
(according to Big Sean’s Twitter feed on Friday: 
“Today is just not a good day for me”). 

Last year, the dance tent hit the 3,000-person 
capacity at 9 p.m., causing it to be shut down and 
cutting short DJ Z-Trip’s set. In response, ASCE 
decided to turn the tent into a stage instead — 
an open arena, flanked by pillars, that was a 

smaller version of the main stage. The stage lost 
the enclosed, club-like atmosphere of the tent, 
which, despite the overcrowding issue, was a 
crowd favorite in years past. 

Still, the new, open dance stage managed to 
keep the character of last year’s tent without any 
space issues. In the end, the stage is a worthy 
compromise between having 1,000 students 
angrily try to push their way into a tiny structure 
and having no place to learn how to dougie at 
all. 

▶ Sun God, from page 4



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011 CAMPUS CALENDAR

A r t s  &  C u l t u r e

Books for Prisoners Annual Prisoner 
Art Show - Books for Prisoners will be 
hosting their annual art show, displaying 
the works of both prisoners and UCSD 
students. Read their touching stories and 
come find out how you can get involved 
with this great cause! Presented by Books 
For Prisoners, a registered UCSD student 
organization. 1pm at Price Center East 
Ballroom

C A r e e r s

Career Check-ups: Express Advising 
- Come for a 15-minute advising session 
to get a “quick check-up” on your resume, 
cover letter and/or internship interests. 
1:30-2:30PM | The Zone

F u n  &  e n t e r t A i n m e n t

Pirates of the Caribbean Night - 
Come out and win FREE tickets to the 
new Pirates of the Caribbean movie, 
'Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger 
Tides'!! We'll be raffling off a lot of 
tickets, savvy? Win raffle tickets by 
playing Liars Dice, competing in a Nerf 
gun shooting range, answering trivia 
questions, and matching quotes with 
who said them! See if you can hold your 
own in a turkey leg eating contest, and 
win raffle tickets for eating faster than 
your fellow crew members. Sponsored 
by Inter College Residents' Association 
(ICRA). Arrghh mateys, and welcome 
aboard to me ship! 5:30pm at Sixth 
College Lodge

May 18 – 20 – Triton Junkyard Derby 
2011: one of the most loved and exciting 
traditions on campus, is happening 
May 18-20. Whether you make a team 
or just watch the races and get free 
BBQ, come be a part of this amazing 
event! -- All UCSD students, staff, and 
faculty can make a team, so register 
online now. Spots fill up quickly! All 
teams get free t-shirts and BBQ for 3 
days straight! -- To get updates on the 
Derby, please visit http://tesc.ucsd.edu/
derby or follow us on Twitter (http://
twitter.com/junkyardderby) -- Sign 
up to VOLUNTEER at tesc.ucsd.edu/
vounteer - Volunteers get a free T-shirt 
and free food!

F u n  &  e n t e r t A i n m e n t

Free Zumba Classes Tuesdays at 
The Zone - Calorie-burning, body-
energizing, awe-inspiring movements 
based on Latin rhythms. Zumba trims 
and strengthens your core, and it’s a 
blast! This fun, free class is held every 
Tuesday in The Zone from 12:00-12:45 
pm. Sign up on The Zone's website to 
reserve your spot!

Healthy Cooking Demonstrations 
w/ Free Food - Whole Foods, Housing, 
Dining & Hospitality, Student Health, 
Recreation, and Cups Catering sponsor 
these healthy cooking demonstrations, 
complete with free food! Tasty Tuesdays 
is held every Tuesday from 5:00-6:00 pm 
in The Zone. Come hungry, leave happy! 

Suit Up for Japan Charity Fashion 
Show - This exciting show serves 

F u n  &  e n t e r t A i n m e n t 

Therapy Fluffy! Thursdays at The 
Zone - Pet a pup! Studies show that 
petting a dog is a wonderful way to 
relieve stress, so the Office of Student 
Wellness sponsors a different therapy 
dog each Thursday from 1:30 to 2:30 
pm in The Zone. You will leave with a 
warm heart and a smiling face!

‘Enchanted’ Warren Semiformal 
- Once upon a time, Warren College 
Student Council's Events Board threw 
the grandest ball in all the land. And you 
were invited! The very last Semiformal 
of the year is coming up. Free 'carriage 
rides' (shuttle buses) will be provided, 
starting at 7:30pm at PC loop. Tickets 

A r t  &  C u l t u r e

Join us on the International 
Center’s patio for a Canadian meal 
of: maple-glazed chicken, mashed 
potatoes, vegetables, green salad, and 
pouding au chomeur. Lunch costs $5 
and is served from noon until 1:15pm.   
Our sponsor this week will be Counseling 
and Psychological Services.

F u n  &  e n t e r t A i n m e n t

Fresh Sound: Alex Nowitz - Alex 
Nowitz is a voice artist and singing 
virtuoso who performs in collaboration 
with musicians from various stylistic 
areas as well as interprets composed 
new music. As a tenor and countertenor 
he presents a great array of various 
extended techniques that are beyond 
the scope of purely classical singing. 
8pm at the Loft

F u n  &  e n t e r t A i n m e n t

Club Salsa - Salsa Night at the Loft, 
Sunday May 22nd! Come enjoy a free night 

Wednesday May 18

Monday May 16 Tuesday May 17

Thursday May 19

Friday May 20 Saturday May 21

Sunday May 22

ONGOING

Free Zumba
Tuesday, May 17
12pm, The Zone

Pirates of the
Caribbean Night
Monday, May 16 

5:30pm,
Sixth College Lodge

Memphis in May
Wednesday, May 18 
11:30am, Plaza Cafe

Fresh Sound: Alex Nowitz
Saturday, May 21 

8pm, The Loft

Triton Junkyard Derby
May 18-20 
FREE FOOD

F u n  &  e n t e r t A i n m e n t

Memphis in May – Live Blues by Bill 
Magee at Plaza Café, 11:30am – 1:30pm

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o /
l e C t u r e

New Writing Series - Courtney Kilian, 
John Pluecker and Kaitline Solimine, 
(UCSD's MFA Writing Program Graduating 
Class). This event is free and open to 
the public. For more information and 
directions: http://literature.ucsd.edu/
news/currentevents/writingseries.html or 
contact: Franciszka Voeltz:  lvoeltz@ucsd.
edu  or Allison Moreno: allisonsmoreno@
gmail.com. 4:30, Visual Arts Facility 
Performance Space.

to educate the student body about the 
importance of image and presentation in 
business ethics. We are featuring business 
and cocktail attire from Banana Republic, 
GAP, White House Black Market, Charlotte 
Russe, and Foreign Exchange. All proceeds 
go to the JAPAN RED CROSS. Entertainment 
includes Ascension, DOTS, Heist Team, and 
Youtube star Alexa Yoshimoto. Raffle prizes 
of Microsoft products and giftcards and 
appetizers & refreshments from J-Wok and 
other caterers will be provided. Questions? 
Please contact Jing Huang. 8pm at Price 
Center East Ballroom

Fourth Annual Press Rewind - Today’s 
celebrated filmmakers started off as 
ambitious students too. Press Rewind is an 
inspiring evening that offers a rare glimpse 
at the earliest works of some of today’s 
most acclaimed cinematic auteurs. This 
year showcases the talents of three great 

every monday in the guardian!
Submit your SPRING events for FREE!

get listed...

ucsdcalendar@yahoo.com

Keep it brief. 30-60 words. Include the name of your
event, time, location and contact info.

Week of 5/16-5/22

directors, David Gordon Green, Spike Jonze, 
and Michel Gondry. 8pm at the Loft

C A r e e r s

Master the Interview - An interview 
can make or break an employer’s decision 
to hire you, so come learn how to start 
strong, anticipate the questions you’ll be 
asked, and follow up properly after your 
interviews. 12:30-2PM | Horizon Room

Relaxation Techniques Before 
Interviews Workshop - Interested in 
Physical or Occupational Therapy? Hear 
from local PT and OT admissions directors 
about pre-requisite courses, getting the 
required clinical experience, and the 
competitive admissions process. Also learn 
about whether to get a Master’s or doctoral 
degree, salaries, job prospects, and more. 
3:30-4:30PM | The Zone

are $18 at the UCSD Box Office- get them 
before we run out! We can dance happily 
ever after. 8pm at US Grant Hotel

Fourth Annual Up & Coming Student 
Film Festival - A glimpse into the future 
of filmmaking, starring the innovation 
and talent of our very own UC San Diego 
students. This highly-competitive festival, 
selected by a panel of film industry 
professionals, always surprises with a 
broadspectrum of themes and styles. From 
darkly humorous to poignant, insightful, and 
simply beautiful, the Up&Coming Student 
Film Festival is a grab-bag of delights. What 
remains consistent from year to year is the 
stunning originality, both conceptually and 
technically, of these home-grown cinematic 
accomplishments. 8pm at the Loft

of awesome salsa with a live band! We will 
have performances, a raffle and a Jack and Jill 
contest! 7pm at the Loft

"Need a place to practice a speech, 
presentation or interview? Have a 
question about how to email your professor 
or boss? The Center for Communication and 
Leadership offers Peer - Peer advising to give 
feedback and advice or to answer answer 
any question related to communication 
and leadership. Stop by anytime or make 
an individual appointment with the 
Peer Educators who are available every 
Wednesday from 1:00P.M - 3:00P.M in the 
Revelle College Room of Price Center. For 
more information visit  http://www.ccl.
ucsd.edu."



 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7

FOCUS
MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011

ContaCt the editor: focus@ucsdguardian.org

www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/fOCUS

91,430
The average income, in dollars, of Asian-Americans 
who hold a doctorate degree, according to the U.S. 
Census Bureau. Their income was the highest 
reported for the year 2006.“

OVERHEARD

Unleash the butt-hurt 
brigade!”

6:37 p.m.
OLD STUDENT CENTER

www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/fOCUS

history in the Making

History professor Eric Van Young has spent decades studying 18th and 19th-century Mexico. He’s authored several books on the period (in both Spanish and 
English), including a highly regarded social history of the 
Mexican War of Independence, and his current project — for 
which he was awarded the prestigious Guggenheim Fellowship 
for the 2011-12 academic year — is a comprehensive biography 
of a polarizing fixture in Mexican politics. But to hear him tell it, 
Van Young’s study of Mexico takes a backseat to a much broader 
interest.

“Although I love Mexico, and I think Mexican history has an 
enormous amount of sweep and drama and deep sociological 
interest, really I’m a historian before a Mexicanist,” Van Young 
said. “I could just as easily have studied Russian history or 

Vietnamese history or British history; it’s really history that I’m 
entranced with, and it just happened that I stumbled onto Mexico 
because of my background.”

Growing up in Los Angeles, with its sizable Mexican-
American population, doubtless helped foment Van Young’s 
curiosity. One incident in particular — during Van Young’s time 
in the archives in Guadalajara, Mexico over 30 years ago — best 
explains his fascination with social history. 

 “I was sitting in the archive, and I opened a letter, which was 
in a file about some litigation over land, and the guy who wrote 
the letter to a friend was complaining,” Van Young said. “He’d 
just had his property foreclosed, and his wife had died from 
some epidemic, his daughter was extremely ill — his life was just 
crashing around him — and I opened this letter and read it and 

then as I opened the letter, which was creased, the sand fell out 
onto my lap.”

That revelation may not sound like much to a lecture hall’s 
worth of undergrads better practiced in text message composi-
tion than any other means of communication, but for the histo-
rian, it held great significance. Sand was once commonly used to 
blot drying ink, though over time it loosens from paper. In other 
words, the letter had never been opened. 

“That was really kind of a jolt,” Van Young said. “Because 
except for me, that guy — and whatever DNA trace he left in his 
descendants — except for me, that guy is gone and forgotten, and 
I was able to kind of make contact with him and resurrect him 
in some way by tuning in to his experience and trying to figure 

See van young, page 9

Dr. Eric Van Young 
has dedicated 

his career to the 
study of  Mexico. 
With the receipt 

of  a Guggenheim 
Fellowship, the 

professor continues 
to devote his time 

and talent to 
social history.

By trevor Cox 
Senior Staff  Writer

MOTHER KNOwS BEST

Amy Chua’s daughters weren’t allowed to attend sleepovers, watch TV, 
play computer games or earn a 
grade any lower than an “A.” In 
her controversial book, “Battle 
Hymn of the Tiger Mother,” the 
Yale professor gives an autobi-
ographical account of how she 
raised her daughters in what is 
considered a traditional “Asian 
style” of parenting.

Chua’s book prompted outcry 
from all sorts of communities 
that both praised her parenting 
techniques and condemned her 
strict methods.

One UCSD professor decided 
to let the numbers do the talking.

“At first, I thought she was 
crazy,” Valerie Ramey, profes-
sor of economics at UCSD, said 
when she read Chua’s summary 
of her novel on The Wall Street 
Journal. But like a true econo-
mist, she became curious, and 
decided to dig up the statistics.

Back in 2009, years before 
the “Tiger Mother” controver-
sy, Ramey was already showing 

her public policy classes the dif-
ferences in study times across 
various ethnicities. After she 
was asked to write an article for 
Economics in Action, an alumni 
publication, she decided to take 
a more in-depth look at the topic.

In February, after reading 
Chua’s summary article, and 
subsequently her book, Ramey 
took a weekend to look at some 
statistical averages to back up 
and explain the information 
she’d known before. She accessed 
a database she had used before 
and trusted: the American Time 
Use Survey, a project by the U.S. 
Bureau of Labor Statistics which 
measures the time use of thou-
sands of individuals. Within the 
database, she picked a sample 
of high school students of dif-
ferent ethnicities and looked at 
the amount of time they spent 
studying. 

While the facts did match 
her hypothesis — Asian students 
spent the most hours per week 

See Tiger, page 9

Economics professor studies the numbers behind the strict, and now-infamous,“Tiger Mom” approach to parenting.

BY miNa NiLChiaN 
aSSOCiaTE fOCUS EDiTOR

CRYSTAl SHEI/GuardiaN

STEfANY CHEN/GuardiaN



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011 fOCUS

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Undergrads - To pick up your vouchers, have 
your student ID card and go to Extension Student 
Services Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical students - please 
contact OGSR and the School of Medicine for their 
complimentary vouchers.

Take advantage of UC San Diego Extension’s  
Summer Quarter 2011 Complimentary Enrollment!

May 23 - 27, 2011
Receive a complimentary Extension course* up to $400 
(students must pay anything over amount)

Limited number of vouchers available
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)

 

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply, call (858) 534-3400

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.
ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception * 
Painting in Water Media * Introduction to 
Photography in the Digital Age * Introduction 
to Acting * FOREIGN LANGUAGES * Italian 
for Communication  I * Introduction to 
Translation * HUMANITIES & WRITING * 
Creative Writing * Shakespeare, the Globe 

and the World * DIGITAL ARTS * Digital Media 
* Intermediate Dreamweaver * BUSINESS * 
Project Management Essentials * Introduction 
to Business *  Data Mining for Business 
Applications * PUBLIC SERVICE & SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY * Introduction to Sustainability 
* Urban Planning and Development Processes 

and Functions * HEALTHCARE * Basic Medical 
Coding * Fitness Instruction and Exercise 
Science * LIFE SCIENCES * Cell and Molecular 
Biology * Planning and Policies for Sustainable 
Development * PERL for Bioinformatics * 
Introduction to Pharmacology * INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY *Advanced iPhone Programming

, the opeINFOCUS LORD HURON AT THE LOFT

Indie band Lord Huron, led by frontman and founding member Ben Schneider, per-
formed at the Loft this this past 
Wednesday at 10 p.m.  

Following the opener, the San 
Diego-based folk band Chairs 
Missing, Huron played in front 
of a crowd of roughly 70 people. 

The band — who just fin-
ished up a tour with Canadian 
band Rural Alberta Advantage 
— hails from Michigan (where 
the band adopted the local lake’s 
name for their own). 

They have a Fleet Foxes-style 

folk sound that runs throughout 
both of their EPs — Into the Sun 
and Mighty, both released last 
year. 

Though the band only 
formed last spring, the up-
and-comers are set to perform 
at Chicago’s Lollapalooza this 
coming August and have been 
covered by NPR, Paste and the 
Los Angeles Times. 

Tickets for the Loft show 
were $8 for UCSD students. 

— NEDA SALAMAT
SENIOR STAFF WRITER

PHOTOS bY ANDREw OH/GuardiaN



fOCUS MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

hitting the books — it was the extent 
of the difference between Asian stu-
dents and white students that came as 
a bit of a shock.

As she expected, and what she 
found, was a large gap between Asian 
and white students in the amount of 
time they spent studying — Asian 
students spend 13 hours on average 
studying per week, while Caucasian 
students, coming at second, spend an 
average of 5.6 hours per week. While 
the gap was lessened among college 
students, Asians still have the lead 
within university campuses as well, 
at an average of 16 hours per week, 
versus Caucasians in second with 10 
hours per week. 

“[Currently] there is a huge lit-
erature trying to explain the gaps 
[in academics] between whites and 
Hispanics and African Americans. 
Everybody’s been focusing on that 
gap,” Ramey said. “People don’t notice 
there is this other gap between Asians 
and whites. I think we could learn 
more about [the white-Hispanic and 
white-African American] gap by 
looking at the Asian-white gap.”

Her findings were a possible expla-
nation for a phenomenon that Ramey 
was already aware of: while Asian 
students in California count for 12 
percent of high school graduates, they 
count for 35 percent of those admitted 
to University of California schools, 
and 49 percent of admitted students 
to UCSD. It’s also notable that Asians 
are the highest-earning minority in 
the United States.

Her work has also confirmed 
some of Amy Chua’s assertions that 
the cultural norms of Asian parenting 
— which traditionally emphasize the 
importance of studying and attempt 
to minimize the amount of time spent 
socializing — leads to greater aca-
demic and financial success. She also 
found, like she expected, that Asian 
students spend less time on extra-
curricular activities and sports, and 

considerably less time socializing (the 
least of the other ethnic groups at 5.2 
hours a week) and even working (2.4 
hours a week), which would allow 
for more time spent on schoolwork 
— just as Chua stated in her contro-
versial memoir.

Ramey, whose previous works 
have been featured in publications 

like The Wall 
Street Journal 
and the New 
York Times, 
says the find-
ings of her 
research will 
h o p e f u l l y 
end up hav-
ing an effect 
on public 
policy, and 
would help 
with find-
ing a new 
approach to 
i m p r o v i n g 
a c a d e m i c 

achievement in California. To improve 
test scores across other ethnicities, 
Ramey says, the government should 
use these facts to take a more “at the 
source” approach to improvement.

“There are a lot of researchers in 
the Obama administration putting a 
lot of emphasis on trying to raise 
academic achievement. One thing 
they focus on is lowering class size. 
That is one of the most expensive 
ways of raising academic achieve-
ment because teachers are expensive,” 
Ramey said. “If you could somehow 
change the culture of all the groups, 
tell your parents tell your kids to get 
away from the TV and off the com-
puter and spend more time studying.”

When it comes to making changes 
regarding public policy, Ramey insists 
her studies have merely “scratched 
the surface.” She’ll be using a more 
exclusive database, one that focuses 
on study habits and the test scores 
of students in California, to get more 

background on what parents did to 
get their kids to study more (the 
current study doesn’t show any large 
differences between the amount of 
time Asian parents spend on educa-
tional activities with their kids and 
the amount of time spent by white 
parents).

“I’m just putting out some facts, 
I haven’t been able to show causality 
yet,” Ramey said. “I still need to know 
more about how much of the achieve-
ment gap could be explained by dif-
ferences in studying.”

While Ramey may have helped to 
back up Chua’s claims about Asian 
parenting and its positive effects on 
academics (she emailed the author 
her first draft of an article regarding 
the findings, to which Chua respond-
ed positively), as a mother herself, she 
doesn’t necessarily agree with all of 
her methods.

“I really like the focus on [academ-
ics]. [But] some of this no social life 
business I don’t agree with,” Ramey, 
a mother herself, referring to Chua’s 
strict prohibition of social activities, 
said.

The responses to Ramey’s stud-
ies and its implications have been 
positive, but she had one student 
concerned that the studies merely 
enforced pre-existing stereotypes 
about Asian students.

“What I wrote is that Chua’s book 
struck a nerve because of the ste-
reotype of Asian academic success,” 
Ramey, who doesn’t believe her find-
ings necessarily do so, said. “The defi-
nition of a stereotype is assuming that 
a particular individual has all the 
characteristics of the group to which 
they belong. I’m not doing that. I’m 
trying to find out why on average does 
that happen. That does not mean that 
if you randomly select an Asian stu-
dent, [he] will study more than that 
randomly-selected white student.”

Readers can contact Mina Nilchian at 
mnilchian@ucsd.edu.

out what his life experiences were like.”
Van Young is currently at work on a 

biography of Mexican politician Lucas 
Alamán, which follows in that vein. It’s 
for that undertaking that the profes-
sor recently received the Guggenheim 
Fellowship — an international grant 
that about 200 academics receive each 
year to free up time for their research. 

“After that project [on the Mexican 
Independence] was done, I became 
fascinated with what goes on inside 
people’s heads,” Van Young said. “We all 
are — or anybody who has any smat-
tering of consciousness about other 
people or any insight about themselves. 
That’s what pushed me in the direction 
of social history … I went to biography, 
which I view as sort of another branch 
in the same road, which is an increas-
ing move toward interiority, trying to 
understand what people’s minds are 
like.”

Alamán also represents a common 
variety of historian of the era: someone 
who primarily worked in other fields. 

“History is a profession even in this 
country that doesn’t develop until the 
1890s or the turn of the century, and it’s 
a bit later elsewhere, people [training] 
to be historians,” Van Young said. 

Alamán’s range of pursuits extend-
ed beyond recording history: the co-
founder of the Mexican Conservative 
Party — which at its core, Van Young 
notes, still bears clear similarity to 
modern conservative ideology in both 
Mexico and the U.S. — was also skilled 
in engineering, politics, and perhaps 
somewhat curiously, botany. 

He’s also recognized for the unorth-
odox point of view on the struggle 
for Mexican independence set forth 
in his five-volume Historia de México. 
Van Young says Alamán viewed the 
Mexican rebels — those who, in the 
mainstream telling of history, are 
revered for their courage and persis-
tence — as “scoundrels — or, at best, 
incompetent dreamers.” 

The claim, needless to say, proved 

controversial at the time. Van Young is 
also keen to point out that the record-
ing of history, in Alamán’s time, served 
a different purpose than it does today. 

“As it was in the early United States, 
people wrote history to vindicate a 
political point of view,” Van Young said. 
“Since then in our society, history is 
considered to be at worst a kind of an 
arcane, academic discipline; at best, 
kind of an item of popular consump-
tion. You go into any bookstore and 
you’ll find lots and lots of biographies, 
and you’ve got the History Channel and 
such, but it doesn’t intervene so directly 
in political life as it did even in the early 
20th century in this country.”

Having spent 28 years at UCSD in 
positions ranging from assistant pro-
fessor of history to dean of arts and 
humanities, Van Young also offers a 
unique perspective on the history of the 
university and the current budget crisis. 

“In the early ’90s, there was a period 
when they were telling us, ‘we’re going 
to disconnect the phones, you’re going 
to have to buy your own pencils,’” Van 
Young said. “So we’ll come out of it, but 
UCSD is going to be seriously down-
sized. Not in terms of students, but in 
terms of the faculty.”

Regardless of what the university’s 
future may hold, he’s pleased with his 
time here all the same, and especially 
with the graduate students he’s worked 
with over the years — many of whom 
have gone on to author their second 
and third books.   

 “I’ve been quite happy here,” Van 
Young said. “I’ve been well treated, it’s 
a very agreeable place; it’s a relatively 
elite university — but there’s always 
been a disjunct between the amount 
of money available and the aspirations 
of the institution. And I think that’s 
becoming more and more evident as 
the budgets shrink. But it’s been overall 
a very good environment for me. I’ve 
been happy here.” 
 
Readers can contact Trevor Cox at 
trevorcox@ucsd.edu.

History Prof. Pens Lengthy Biography
▶ van young, from page 7

Census Shows Asian Students Study More, but Work Less
▶ Tiger, from page 7

“I really like the focus on 
academics. 
But some of 
this no-social 
life business, 
I don’t agree 
with.”

Valerie ramey
UCSD ECONOmiCS PROfESSOR



Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

CLASSIFIEDSMONDAY, MAY 15, 201110 THE UCSD GUARDIAN

5/5/11 Sudoku Solutions

Find the Crossword solution in 
this Thursday's Classifieds Page 

Across
1 Self-indulgent place for breakfast
4 Complete chaos
9 Opinion column, briefly
13 Algeria neighbor
14 "Don't be ___!"
15 Herr's mate
16 Dusk-to-dawn cramming session
18 Top pick, slangily
19 Bayer : Levitra :: Pfizer : __
20 Holy messenger
22 Training neckwear for noisy dogs
25 Early Peruvian
28 Bond creator Fleming
29 Bordeaux buddy
30 Sharp to the taste
31 HST predecessor
32 Quaking trees
35 __ Balls: Hostess snacks
36 "Definitely!"
38 John or Jane, anonymously
39 Materialistic thirtysomething
41 The Trojans of the NCAA
42 Bank offer
43 Like some rights and engrs.
44 Opposite of NNW
45 Digit on a "Magic" ball
46 Suffer defeat
49 Longtime "20/20" co-host Walters
50 "A Streetcar Named Desire" woman
54 With the bow, in music
55 Toothless menace described by the 

starts of 16-, 22-, 36- and 46-Across
58 "Kiss my grits" TV diner
59 Mary Tyler __
60 Assistant
61 Summer quaffs
62 Weapon for Zorro
63 Place, as bricks

Down
1 Vacation island south of Borneo
2 Jazz great Fitzgerald
3 Archie's pet insult for Edith
4 Comics Viking
5 Sound at a sauna
6 Doggie doc
7 Crater Lake's locale
8 Salmonesque color
9 Turnpike exit
10 Great Plains burrower
11 Hangover locales?
12 Hamilton vs. Burr, e.g.
13 Big D hoopster
17 Shah's domain, once
21 Turn way up, as radio volume
23 Captain hanged for piracy in 1701
24 Go on a bender
25 Teensy
26 Half of Mork's farewell
27 Agricultural phenomenon sometimes 

linked to UFOs
31 Antagonist
32 "Easy as" letters
33 Ark-itect?
34 Shipped
36 Skin care giant
37 Like hand-me-downs
40 Vegas supervisor
42 Nonmetaphorical
44 It lengthens toward evening
45 O.T. book before Job
46 Revealed
47 Minimal haircuts
48 "¿Cómo está __?"
49 Crimson Tide, to fans
51 "Star Wars" princess
52 Lord's mate
53 Absorbed, as costs
56 Bath bathroom
57 Flub the shot, say

Jobs
Summer Job Opportunities  Make 
$400 - $800+ per week, PAID 
WEEKLY!   Full Training Provided, No 
Experience Needed   Entry Level & 
Mngmt. Positions Available  Long 
Term Positions available!   Call for 
Details 858-715-1725.  (5/12) 

Tutors wanted in algebra, geometry, 
calculus, chemistry and physics to 
help middle and high school stu-
dents.  Scripps Ranch area. Flexible 
schedule. Now hiring for September 
2011. $30/3hrs. (858) 705-3342. 
(5/23)

Now Hiring - The Mission Bay 
Aquatic Center is now hiring for 
the summer. Experience in wake-
boarding, sailing, wind surfing, surf-
ing, stand-up paddling, kayaking, 
rowing or marine science is recom-
mended. Will train qualified appli-
cants. Office assistant and mainte-
nance positions available as well. 
Visit mbaquaticcenter.com/jobs for 
more info or email kevin.straw@
sdsu.edu  (6/2)

L.A. AREA SUMMER DAY CAMPS! 
Swimming, horses, sports, crafts, 
archery, beaches, ropes courses 
and more. Gain valuable experience 
working with children in a variety 
of fun camp settings! http://www.

daycampjobs.com (5/19) 

$12.85 Shuttle Driver Trainee  Safe 
drivers wanted   for ucsd campus 
job   You need a job !   Shuttles will 
hire 100 UCSD students for summer 
training. Need info? shuttledrivers.
ucsd.edu (6/2)

Summer Day Camp - Greater Los 
Angeles Area. Counselors, instruc-
tors for horseback riding, gym, 
arts & crafts, swimming, rock 
climbing, petting farm, music & 
drama and more. (888)784-CAMP 
ww.workatcamp.com" www.work-
atcamp.com (6/2)

UCSD BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY 
STUDY: Subjects with current aller-
gy symptoms to inhaled allergens 
(cat, grass, dustmites) needed as 
blood donors for research study 
requiring donation of blood and 
allergy skin testing. Will be reim-
bursed $100 for completion of 2 
clinic visit study. Contact Dr. Broide 
Department Medicine 858.534.2033 
(6/2)

services
EGG DONORS NEEDED $10,000, plus 
expenses. We are seeking attractive 
and intelligent women of all ethnicities.  
Please contact: 1-800-264-8828 or dar-
lene@aperfectmatch.com. www.aperfect-
match.com      ASRM-SART ID# 1202 (5/31)

student Housing
Large,  Nice, Homes, N Pacific 
Beach since 1995. 5-8 Bedrooms, 
one person per bedroom. Upper 
Division, grads, over 21. Not zoned 
for Fraternity or Sorority or party 
houses. 858-274-4017 (5/23) 

Coast/Mesa Apartment Summer 
Sublet  UCSD Alum and family inter-
ested in sublet of Coast or Mesa two-
bedroom, furnished or unfurnished, 
for July 2011.  May be able to rent a 
bit longer or slightly different dates 
(late-June to early-August).  We are 
clean, solvent and reliable.  Email  
ranmer@azcc.arizona.edu  (5/31)

$1695 2BR, 2BA, Furnished Condo, 
Utilities Included in the rent,  
Garage,Ex parking,     Lease to start 
either: July 1, July 15, Aug 1, Aug 15, 
or Sept. 1,     Just renovated Master 
Bathroom: New Tub, Italian tiles etc.     
Partially Furnished, Vaulted ceilings, 
Very Bright and Spacious     Kitchen 
includes: Dishwasher, Refrigerator, 
Electric Stove; Garbage Disposer , 
Microwave       Laundry right below 
unit, heated pool, private balcony.     
Bus to UCSD stops adjacent to com-
plex,     3 Minute walk to Vons / 
Rite-aid,     For more information 
please call: 858-539-5985 or E-Mail: 
FLASH4@gmail.com (5/16)

universitycenters.ucsd.edu • 858.822.2068

BicYCle FiLM 
FeStivAl

WedNEsdAy, May 18
Porter’s Pub 
5-8Pm         Free

FeAtURe FilMS:
bike Like u mean it - 2002, Austin, TX
VeLorution - Havana, Cuba
Contested streets - NYC gridlock

FREE
drawing Prizes including CVP hub giveaways
Food and drinks
Pub disCounts

YOUR OUTLET TO CAMPUS CULTURE

t o . u c s d . e d uTriton Outfitters @TritonOutfitter asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu



SPORTS MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

The Tritons advanced to the title 
game with wins over Pomona and an 
extra-inning win over Chico State. 

In the opening game of the tour-
nament, UCSD defeated Pomona 9-6 
behind two home runs and three RBI 
from senior catcher Kellen Lee. Senior 
ace Tim Shibuya (11-3) pitched seven 
scoreless innings and struck out nine, 
and despite some shaky play from the 
bullpen the Tritons hung on.

Against Chico State, UCSD was 
down 4-5 going into the top of the 
ninth, but the left side of the infield 
came through for the Tritons. Senior 
third baseman Evan Kehoe homered 
to lead off the inning to tie the game, 
and freshman shortstop Garrett Tuck 
had an RBI to take the lead. 

But Chico tied the game in the 
bottom of the ninth with a home run 
off reliever Daniel Simmons, and the 
game went into extra innings. The 
Tritons put up two runs in the 11th 
inning thanks to two RBI from Tuck, 
but Chico responded with two runs 
of their own in the bottom half of the 
inning.

The Tritons erupted for five runs 

in the 13th inning, thanks in part to a 
three run shot from Lee. The Wildcats 
scored a run in the bottom of the 
inning, but Simmons (3-2) hung on 
for the win despite giving up four runs 
in four innings of relief. 

“The ballpark played small,” 
O’Brien said. “It was an offensive 
weekend for all teams. Our guys will 
be fine. I think you’ll see much differ-
ent results this weekend.”

As the top-ranked team in the 
West, the Tritons will now host the 
West Regionals on May 19-23 at 
Triton Ballpark. 

It will be UCSD’s first time host-
ing regionals. The Tritons would have 
hosted last season, but did not have 
lights in their stadium at the time, and 
were ineligible. 

“Hosting our first regional under 
the lights will be magical for those 
who know how hard we’ve worked to 
make that happen,” O’Brien said.

The winner of the four-team tour-
nament will advance to Cary, N.C. for 
the Division II College World Series.

  
Readers can contact Liam Rose at 
lfrose@ucsd.edu  

Washington pitcher Lauren Hadenfeld 
(23-10) managed to hold the Tritons, 
leaving the game scoreless at the end of 
the first inning.

Central Washington didn’t have 
much in the way of offense going until 
the fourth inning, when third baseman 
Kelsey Haupert homered to left field.

The Tritons didn’t get on the board 
until the bottom of the sixth inning, 
when Woofter and freshman Kirsten 
Willmon — pinchrunning for Charly 
Swanberg — positioned on third and 
second off of a sacrifice bunt from 
freshman Esther Strom, and head 
coach Patti Gerckens called for the sui-
cide squeeze. Senior Jennifer De Fazio 
placed a bunt to Hadenfeld, bringing 
Woofter in to score.  

Tied 1-1 with one out, the Tritons 
tried another bunt. Senior Rhiannon 
Ousley sent a bunt to Hadenfeld, who 
failed to make the play again, allowing 
Willmon to score.

“[Central Washington] had trouble 
defending bunts today,” Gerckens said. 
“We just weren’t getting the adjust-
ments at the plate as far as hitting, so 
we had to go and manufacture runs 
some other ways.”

In the Tritons’ next game on 
Saturday, it took 11 innings to put 
CCAA conference rivals Chico State 
away. 

UCSD opened up the scoring in 
the first inning. Lesovsky — who went 
3-for-5 — doubled to left field, advanc-
ing to third off a sacrifice bunt from 
Sepulveda, who was brought in to 
score on an illegal pitch. 

Gaito allowed only three hits until 
the sixth inning, but the Wildcats’ 
Sam Quadt hit a triple down the right 
field line to open the inning. She was 
brought in after a single from Diana 
Payan.

Tied 1-1, the next three Tritons 
were retired in order, pushing the game 
out into extra innings.

Both sides had a tough time in the 
box, collectively recording only three 
hits in their next seven at bats.

The Tritons broke the gridlock in 
the eleventh inning. Back at the top of 
the batting order, Lesovsky singled up 
the middle and advanced to second 

off another Sepulveda sacrifice bunt. 
Woofter singled to right field to posi-
tion Lesovsky on third, and moved to 
second off of a pop fly from Swanberg.  

With two outs, Jennifer De Fazio 
singled to center field for two RBI — 
batting in the winning runs for the 
second time in NCAA play.

“I knew it was a clutch situation and 
I needed to get something done,” De 
Fazio said. “I live for these moments, I 
love being put into pressure situations. 
I watched the first strike go by and then 
the next pitch she threw me was on the 
outside corner of the plate and I was 
able to drive it up the middle.”

Despite subpar hitting, De Fazio 
said the Tritons are finding a way to 
win.

“We have been playing some really 
solid ball this weekend, our defense has 
been outstanding and Camille Gaito 
has done a phenomenal job on the 
mound for us,” she said. “Our hitting 
this weekend hasn’t been where we 
know it can be but we have gotten the 
timely hits and bunts that we’ve needed 
to win.”

With the pair of wins, the Tritons 
will advance to the sub-regional cham-
pionships scheduled for today, May 
16, at 11:00 a.m. against Chico State 
— who saved themselves from elimi-
nation by beating Central Washington 
on Saturday.  

The Tritons will need to beat the 
Wildcats again to clinch the title, 
although Chico can move through to 
the next round with two wins against 
UCSD.

“We cannot wait to get back out 
on the field tomorrow to win one 
more game so that we can advance 
to Super Regionals and host at home 
next weekend,” De Fazio said. “This is 
the furthest we have ever gone in the 
post-season, and getting the chance to 
be able to play back at home in front 
of our friends and family means so 
much to us.” 

The winner will move on to the 
West Super Regional — a three-game 
series to be played May 20 and May 21 
against San Bernardino.

 
Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu  

Tritons to Host Regionals Next Weekend

UCSD to Play Chico State on Monday

▶ BaseBall, from page 12

▶ sOFTBall, from page 12

Unbeaten Season Ends for Tritons
Eric Steidlmayer said in an interview 
with the UCSD athletics department. 
“When you are beat by a better team, 
you just try to go out and get better. 
We competed, they were just better 
and it’s that simple.”

The quick postseason defeat for 
the Tritons did not do their regu-
lar season justice, during which they 
finished with a perfect record, led by 
strong play from Elliott and Chan.

“We had a great season and I’m 

extremely pleased with the way our 
guys came together,” Steidlmayer said 
in his interview. “I’ve got no com-
plaints.”

Heading into the next season, 
the Tritons will lose key contributors 
Elliott, Emami and Vincent Nguyen, 
though several key players, including 
Chan, Jiganti, West and Yoshida, will 
return. 

Readers can contact Jonathan Kaslow 
at jkaslow@ucsd.edu 

▶ Tennis, from page 12



www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

SPORTS
MONDAY, MAY 16, 2011

ContaCt the editor: sports@ucsdguardian.org

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

SOFTBALL

BASEBALL

GOLF

5/16

5/19

5/20

AT Chico State (NCAA West 
Regionals)
AT NCAA West Regional 
(Hosted by UCSD)
AT NCAA National Championships

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

Crowned
AgAin

The Tritons clinch their 
third consecutive conference 
championship with a 9-2 

win over Chico State.

By Liam Rose •  Senior Staff 
Writer

Photo By John hanacek • Guardian file

It took a second championship game, but the UCSD baseball team took home their third straight con-ference title after beating Cal Poly Pomona 9-2 on 
Saturday night. The Tritons — ranked No. 7 — earned 
an automatic bid into the NCAA postseason and will 
host the West Regionals of the tournament next week-
end.

“To win this thing three years in a row is very 
rewarding, especially considering how tough the confer-
ence is,” head coach Dan O’Brien said.

After winning their first two games in the CCAA 
tournament, the Tritons needed only one win to take 
home the title. But the Broncos put up a good fight and 
won the game 14-12, forcing a replay. UCSD dominated 
in the second game and locked up the CCAA title.

In the first game, the bats came alive as both starters 
were shelled and left the game early. Cal Poly Pomona 
starter Ryan Dunn allowed three runs in the first two 
innings, and was subsequently removed in favor of 
Michael Parker. Triton starter senior Taylor Austin (2-1) 
faired even worse. He gave up three runs in the first 
inning, but appeared to settle down.

But Pomona bombarded Austin for another 
four runs in the fourth. With seven runs in three 
and one-third innings, he was forced out of the 
game. The Broncos put up two more runs on Justin 
Burns before the inning was over, and added two 
more in the fifth.

Down 13-3 after the seventh inning stretch, 
the Tritons did their best to make a game of it, 
scoring four and five runs in the next two innings, 
respectively. In the end the rally fell short — the 
Tritons went down in the ninth to end the game. 
Senior first baseman Blake Tagmyer had five RBI 
in the losing effort, and sophomore center fielder 
Danny Susdorf went four-for-five with four RBI 

and a home run.
In the second game of the day, the Broncos put 

up two runs in the first off Triton starter junior 
Greg Selarz (4-1) to take an early lead. But the 
Tritons avoided a repeat of the early game and 
Selarz was effective for the next seven innings. 
Junior Elias Tuma pitched the final two innings 
without allowing a base runner to seal the win. 

Tagmyer continued his hot streak at the plate, 
going three-for-five with three RBI and two runs. 
Designated hitter and redshirt freshman Nick La 
Face added two RBI.

See BaseBall, page 11

POWERING THROUGH THE POSTSEASON

By Rachel Uda
Sports Editor

SOFTBALL — The UCSD softball team took two more wins at 
last weekend’s NCAA tournament, improving the Tritons’ overall 
record to 4-8 in tournament games since 2001. The Tritons will 
move on to the West Subregional title game against Chico State 
today, May 16.

The team began the first leg of their campaign in the national 
tournament on Friday in Chico, where the top-seeded Tritons met 

with No. 8 Central Washington in the NCAA West Regionals.
UCSD junior pitcher Camille Gaito (27-4) opened up the game 

by retiring the first three Wildcat batters, recording three of her 
eight strike outs for the game. 

The Tritons looked dangerous in their first at-bat, with seniors 
Kris Lesovsky and Sarah Woofter finding their way to third and 
second and freshman Taylor Sepulveda bunting for a single. 

UCSD had the bases loaded with no outs, but Central 

NolaN THomas/Guardian File

The Tritons beat Central Washington and Chico State to advance to the title game of the West Subregional, which was rain-delayed until Monday morning. 

See sOFTBall, page 11

Tritons Fall to Columbus 
State at NCAA Tourney

By Jonathan Kaslow
Staff Writer

TENNIS — The UCSD men’s tennis team postseason run 
came to a quick end last Wednesday, falling to Columbus State 
5-0 in the round of 16 in the NCAA Division II tournament. 
The Tritons went 20-0 in the regular season, but were unable 
to carry that success into the postseason.

The typically solid doubles teams of senior Erik Elliott 
and sophomore Austin West, and freshman Max Jiganti and 
senior Armaun Emami were unable to help the cause, falling 
8-5, 8-1, respectively, to Columbus State’s top two doubles 
teams. Sophomore Junya Yoshida and junior Chapman Chan 
also fell 8-5. 

The singles had similar losses. After a strong junior season, 
Chan fell 6-2, 6-4 to Gordan Divljak while junior Sam Ling 
lost 6-4, 6-1 to Andre Mordhorst. 

With the Tritons down 5-0, the match was over. Elliott, 
Yoshida and Jigant were losing their matches when the Tritons 
were defeated, while West was heading for a decisive third set.

“We just got beaten by a better team today,” head coach 

NolaN THomas/Guardian File

The Tritons fell in the first round of the postseason after an unbeatedn season. 

See Tennis, page 11


	051611News.pdf
	051611Opinion.pdf
	051611Calendar_PG6.pdf
	051611Focus.pdf
	051611Classifieds_PG10.pdf
	051611Sports.pdf

