
MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XLI

SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT INSIDENIGHT WATCH

monday
Height:  4-5 ft.
Wind: 3-7 mph

Water Temp: 60 F

tuesday
Height:  5 ft.

Wind: 1-7 mph
Water Temp: 60 F

wednesday
Height:  5 ft.

Wind: 1-7 mph 
Water Temp: 60 F

thursday
Height:  3-5 ft.
Wind: 3-7 mph 

Water Temp: 60 F

LOw

$3.84
Circle K, Chula Vista
60 Broadyway Ave. & Chula Vista St.
HIGH

$4.69
76, Point Loma
1704 Rosecrans St. & Nimitz Blvd.

thursday friday
monday
H 66 L 46

tuesday
H 68 L 50 monday tuesday

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHFORECASTWEB POLL
do you support 
Moving to division i 
athletics?
√  Yes
√  No
√  I don’t know

SUNRISE

SUNSET

6:42 A.M.

7:06 P.M.wednesdayH 62 L 48 thursdayH 69 L 50 thursdaywednesdayWWW.ucsdguardian.org

Comics ..................................2
Lights & Sirens ......................3
Change of Pace .....................4
Letters to the Editor ...............5
Restaurant Review ................9
Classifieds ...........................10
Sudoku ................................10

 RED, WHITE AND YOU. PAge 8

NiCOle OliveR/Guardian

By Laira Martin
Associate News Editor

The UC Board of Regents discussed the 
university’s financial crisis at  its latest meeting, 
held at UCSF’s Mission Bay campus from March 
15 to 17. The public portion of the meeting 
focused on possible financial solutions for what 
looks to be a challenging fiscal year for the UC 
system.

The UC system is searching for more revenue 
to support a growing gap caused by a decrease in 
state support and rising expenses.

To avoid tuition increases, layoffs, increased 
class sizes and reduced enrollment, some state 
lawmakers want place a tax extension — to 
extend temporary tax hikes — on California’s 
special election ballot in June.

UC President Mark G. Yudof said he does not 
plan to ask for an additional tuition increase, as 
fees increased by 32 percent this past fall and are 
slated to increase another 8 percent for Fall 2011. 
However, he said another tuition increase may be 
necessary if the tax extension does not pass.

“This is not a blip,” UC President Mark G. 
Yudof said at the meeting. “This is 20 years of 
reduced funding for the university. We need a 
long-term plan. Our collective job is to figure out 
how to do it.”

Yudof plans to redistribute $50 million — 
approximately 17 percent — from UC’s Oakland 
headquarters to the 10 campuses in an effort to 
decrease financial pressure. 

Yudof pointed out that large budget cuts have 
already been made and more are on the way. 
Despite the cuts, Yudof said his priority is to 
preserve quality.

“In all the variables you hear today, there is 
one constraint and a guiding star we must follow, 
and that is quality,” Yudof said. “Quality is non-
negotiable.”

The regents decided not to take an official 
stance on the ballot measure until they are aware 
of the fiscal impact it may have on the university. 

“Right now, there’s no clarity about what 
tangible benefit there would be to the UC — just 
that it could get worse if it doesn’t pass,” Regents 
Chairman Russell Gould said.

UC Berkeley Chancellor Robert J. Birgeneau 
proposed setting tuition rates at each individual 
campus — an idea that sparked opposition from 
the public and many regents. UC Santa Cruz 
Chancellor George Blumenthal also disagreed 
with Birgeneau’s proposal, saying it would 
degrade the concept of a university system.

The regents proposed solutions to the  
$500-million state budget cut to the UC system 
on  the second day of the meeting. Thousands 
of students and workers rallied across the 10 
campuses in an effort to dissuade the board 
from cutting jobs, courses and enrollment. UCSD 
workers and students held a rally at the UCSD 
Medical Center on March 16.

“The regents have still not taken action 
on how they will deal with the proposed $500 
million cut to the UCs,” UC Student Association 
President Claudia  Magaña said in a press release. 
“Which is very alarming and gives students no 
concrete information as to whether student fees 
will continue to rise.” 

Readers can contact Laira Martin at lmm002@
ucsd.edu.

Pres. Yudof: 
No TuiTioN 
iNcreases iN 
Near fuTure

By Liam Rose
Senior Staff Writer

UCSD could begin the journey toward 
Division I athletics as soon as next year, 
according to A.S. Council and Athletics 
Department officials in a meeting held Friday, 
March 11. But the move is far from certain, and 
will depend on the outcome of a student fee 
referendum and conference realignment.

Late last year, then-A.S. President Utsav 
Gupta led efforts to co-commission a Division I 
and football feasibility report with the Athletics 
Department; the report was compiled by an 
outside consultant, Athletics Staffing and 
Consulting. The results conclude that the 
university fits the profile of a Division I school 
in academics, size and mission, and could be 
competing in D-I by the 2013-14 academic year. 
The report also states that adding a football 
program would present serious financial and 
logistical challenges, and Gupta and Athletics 
Department officials say the idea will not be 
pursued.

Originally, the report was meant to evaluate 
the possibility of starting a football program.

“The impetus was from the students for 
adding football,” Athletics Director Earl Edwards 
said. “You really can’t look at adding football 
without looking at Division I and Division II 
and how it relates to football.”

But after a meeting with athletics department 
officials in Spring 2010, Gupta and the A.S. 
Athletics Committee decided to focus their 
efforts on moving UCSD to Division I.

“We’re now working with the campus so we 
can bring it to a final student vote sometime 
next year,” Gupta, who is now the Athletics 
Committee chair, said. “And we’ll let students 
decide the issue of whether or not they want to 
see Division I on this campus.”

The vote would come sometime during 
the 2011-12 academic year, after the NCAA 
lifts a four-year moratorium on Division I 
membership in August 2011.

“I want to really emphasize that the impetus 
for the whole thing is the students,” Edwards 
said. “We as an athletic department are just 
responding to the needs of the students.”

UCSD’s current athletics budget is $7.4 
million, about $6.9 million of which is provided 
by students, or $120 per quarter per student. 

The report recommends a 50-percent increase 
in fees to raise an additional $3 million. The 
referendum will ask students if they are willing to 

pay the increased 
amount, with the 
exact per quarter 
amount currently 
undetermined.

The majority 
of the money 
would be used 
for scholarships 
to meet NCAA 
Division I  
r e q u i r e m e n t s . 
UCSD athletes are 
currently awarded 
$500 per season 
played, and the 
school was one of 
the last in Division 
II to offer athletic 

aid.
In order to move to Division I, an institution 

$3 million
Additional money needed 
to fund Division I 
athletics

$21 million
Needed to form football 
team, mostly to fund 
stadium & practice facility

$7.4 million
Current athletics budget; 
student fees contribute 
$6.9 million 

By Regina Ip
News Editor

Molecular biology professor  Suresh  Subramani was appointed 
UCSD’s newest Senior Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs on March 
17. 

Subramani — who served as acting SVCAA since  the October 2010 
retirement of former vice chancellor Paul Drake, and has been at UCSD 
since 1981 — will head the Academic Affairs office, which oversees 
all educational and research units of campus, including departments, 
professional schools, research centers and libraries. 

“I am confident that he will be an effective 
partner in our efforts to keep UC San Diego at the 
forefront of teaching and research [and] building on our academic 
strengths ... ” Chancellor Marye Anne Fox said in a statement. 

Subramani served as Associate Vice Chancellor for Academic 
Planning and Resources since February 2009. Subramani also 
served as a biology department chair and as an interim dean, 
associate dean and Associate Dean of Operations for the biological 
sciences division. 

Readers can contact Regina Ip at rwip@ucsd.edu......................................

UCSD mAy ComPeTe iN 

DiV. i SPoRTS By 2013

Biology Prof. appointed Vice chancellor academic affairs

See athletics, page 3



2 THe UCSD GUARDiAN MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2011 NeWS

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. “Separate but equal.”

Production: 858-534-5226

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: 858-822-3793, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-6583, focus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: 858-822-3793, photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: 858-534-6582, design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: 858-822-3793, art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7691

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Business assistant
Tiffany Han

Marketing directors
Brandon Katzer, Annie Wang

advertising design and layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

distributors
Scott Havrisik, Amanda Ku

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

page layout
Melody Chern, Praneet Kolluru, Binh Ngo,                     

Arielle Sallai, Vivian Zhang

Angela Chen

Trevor Cox

Regina Ip

Nisha Kurani
Laira Martin

Cheryl Hori
Margaret Yau

Liam Rose

Tyler Nelson

Neda Salamat

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Amy Guzdar
Naomi Sweo

John Hanacek

Andrew Oh

Melody Chern

Rebekah Hwang

editor in chief

Managing editor

news editor

associate news editors

opinion editors

sports editor

associate sports editor

Focus/leisure editor

hiatus editor

associate hiatus editor

copy editors

photo editor

associate photo editor

design editor

art editor

copy readers
Monica Haider, Amanda Ku, Melissa Stanley

Auxiliary & Plant Services Marketing & Communications

$47 Spring Quarter student pass • available until May 20 • valid through June 30 

$31 monthly student passes • available until the 10th of each month 

Transit passes can be purchased at the Gilman Parking O�ce between 7 a.m. and 5 p.m. weekdays. 
cash and checks accepted • valid UC San Diego student ID required

Transportation Services

Get UNLIMITED 
bus and trolley travel!

BirdLand By Rebekah Dyer

riGHT On TiME By Isabella Verendia

Nicotine in Toenail clippings can Predict Lung cancer
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

By Sarah Kang
Staff Writer

Toenail clippings may be among 
the most accurate indicators of lung 
cancer, according to a new study 
from UCSD Medical Center and the 
Harvard School of Public Health.

The study found that men with 
higher levels of nicotine in their 
toenails were more likely to develop 
lung cancer, whether they were 
smokers or non-smokers. While 

nicotine is not a carcinogen, high 
exposure to nicotine is generally 
correlated with high exposure to 
carcinogens in tobacco, leading to 
lung cancer. 

Lung cancer is determined 
largely by long-term exposure to 
nicotine, which urine and saliva 
samples are unable to capture. 

Wael Al-Delaimy of UCSD and 
Walter Willet of Harvard conducted 
a joint study that found that 
toenails, which retain nicotine for 
a longer period of time, may be the 
best biomarker for predicting lung 
cancer. 

“Because toenails grow very 
slowly, they represent exposure of 
a person to tobacco over a longer 
period of time,” Al-Delaimy said. 
“And that gives us the advantage of 
[acquiring] a longer-term exposure 
rather than just in the last few days 
like other biomarkers do. So this 
can give us exposure on average for 
the last twelve months.”

The cohort study followed men 
aged 40 to 75 from 1987 to 2000. 

The study used a nested case-
control design, which identifies 
cases of lung cancer that occur in a 
group of people while also selecting 
from another group of people that 
have not yet developed the disease. 

In the study, toenail samples were 
taken before patients developed 
lung cancer and were analyzed 
after they developed the cancer. 
Researchers took toenail samples 
from 210 men who developed lung 
cancer during a 12-year follow-up 
and 630 men who did not develop.

To determine nicotine levels, 
the toenail samples were chemically 
processed in a lab and then 
quantified through a chromatogram 
to show the nicotine levels in the 
samples compared to an internal 
standard. The results were then 
used to rank the people who gave 
the toenail samples according to 
their exposure levels.

The researchers found that 
people who had lung cancer had 
high nicotine levels in their toenails 
compared to those who did not. 

They then statistically analyzed 
the results, which showed that 
even among non-smokers, those 
with higher nicotine levels from 
secondhand smoke were likelier to 
develop lung cancer.

Readers can contact Sarah Kang at 
sak019@ucsd.edu.

RebekAH HWANG/Guardian

CorreCtions
A March 10 article titled 
“Campus Enforces Library Walk 
Skateboarding Policy” contained 
information that was incorrectly 
attributed to UCSD spokesperson 
Rex Graham.

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the 
editors. Corrections can be sent to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org.



NeWS MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2011 THe UCSD GUARDiAN 3 

LiGhts AND sirens
Sunday, March 13
9:51 p.m.: Unknown trouble
▶ A female screamed five times 
“somewhere outside” of Geisel 
Library. Unable to locate.
 
Monday, March 14
3:47 a.m.: Information
▶ The sprinklers by Jacobs Hall 
flooded the north side of Engineering 
Building Unit 3A. Referred to other 
agency.
 
Tuesday, March 15
8:28 a.m.: Report of petty theft
▶ The reporter noticed “over time” 
that his camera, iPod, external hard 
drive, flash drive and two Swiss army 
knives were stolen. Report taken.
9:27 a.m.: Hazard situation
▶ A red Volkswagen rolled out of its 
spot and hit another vehicle at Lot 
502. Report taken.
 
Wednesday, March 16
1:14 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A group of people were throwing 
eggs from the roof of the third floor 
of Harlan Hall. Unable to locate. 
10:38 a.m.: Citizen contact
▶ A male wanted to speak to an 
officer about a $5 bill that had a 
symbol on it. Information only. 
 
Thursday, March 17
4:47 p.m.: Citizen contact
▶ The reporter’s daughter has social 
anxiety disorder. She plays music all 
the time, cannot study, is losing sleep 
and is now seeing a psychologist. 
Referred to other agency. 
 
Friday, March 18
2:40 a.m.: Vandalism 
▶ The reporter received notice 
from someone inside the Guardian 
office at Old Student Center A that  
someone broke a window. Report 
taken.
11:46 a.m.: Animal call

▶ A crow was stuck in a tree near 
Hopkins Parking Structure. Referred 
to other agency.
5:01 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A short male in his fifties was seen 
walking strangely and talking to 
himself while carrying paper bags at 
Lot 408. Unable to locate.
 
Saturday, March 19
1:19 a.m.: Disturbance, general
▶ A male was throwing things and 
“being aggressive” at the Village. 
Arrest misdemeanor.
5:25 p.m.: Welfare check
▶ A male wearing blue boxers was 
walking up a hill with his eyes closed 
near Peterson Hall. Unable to locate.
 
Sunday, March 20
2:58 p.m.: Information
▶ The American flag blew off its pole 
at Spanos Athletic Training Facility. 
Information only.
 
Monday, March 21
12:59 p.m.: Injury
▶ A person, who “might be male,” 
had a broken ankle but was 
conscious and breathing. Referred to 
other agency.
2:00 p.m.: Hazard situation
▶ There was a gas spill that made 
researchers feel dizzy at Hubbs Hall 
on Biological Grade. Referred to 
other agency. 
5:40 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A male without a shirt was 
“chewing on [a] towel,” but no 
weapons were seen. Information 
only.
 
Tuesday, March 22
8:28 p.m.: Non-injury accident
▶ A shuttle bus backed up into a pole 
at the off-campus Shuttle Trailer. 
Report taken.

— Compiled by Sarah Kang 
Staff Writer

Athletics Dept. Claims Football Team is Not Feasible
must have an offer from a Division I 
conference. For UCSD, the plan would 
depend on the university joining the 
Big West Conference, something 
it expressed interest in when the 
conference discussed expansion 
in December 2010. The conference 
turned down UCSD and Cal State 
Bakersfield, opting only to add the 
University of Hawaii starting in 2012.

“We really hadn’t done anything to 
indicate we were really serious about 
moving forward,” Edwards said. “We 
still have to get from the Big West 
what their interest is — and I know 
there is an interest. The question is 
what the level is at this point in time.”

UCSD currently competes in 
the California Collegiate Athletic 
Association, which consists exclusively 
of California state schools with the 
exception of UCSD. The Big West 
is composed of a mix of state and 
private schools, all based in California 
except for Hawaii. The conference 
also includes five UC schools, and the 
report states that UCSD resembles the 
other Big West schools in academics 
and enrollment.

“If [students] don’t come out to the 
games now, one of the reasons might 
be that they don’t care who we’re 
playing against,” junior soccer player 
Sarah McTigue said. “If we move to 
D-I we’ll be playing against schools 
they applied to or have friends at, 
and they’ll have an opportunity to get 
involved in our interschool rivalry.”

UCSD — with enrollment 
currently at 28,200 — is extremely 
large for a D-II school, which average 
3,071 students. The CCAA contains 
several of the larger D-II schools and 
includes schools with an average of 
10,790 students,  although that  figure 
is skewed by UCSD’s large enrollment. 
The CCAA also has a much lower 
average in SAT/ACT scores compared 
to UCSD, while the Big West average 
is comparable. For example, UCSD’s 
1370 average verbal and math scores 

match more closely with the Big West 
average of 1216 than with the CCAA’s 
1070.

“I think it would be great for 
the school, for the students, for the 
campus in general,” baseball player 
Tim Shibuya said. “We always have 
such a good reputation academically, 
but to combine that reputation with a 
Division I athletic reputation I think 
would be great.”

The report also suggested that 
UCSD would not be a good fit for 
other conference options such as the 
West Coast Conference and Mountain 
West. Also, the interests of the other 
schools in the Big West could play a 
big role in UCSD’s attempt to move 
up.

“The reality is we need to have a 
pretty sense that there’s a good chance 
we’ll be accepted before we even do a 
referendum,” Edwards said. “The Big 
West is really the only viable option 
for us. We need to have some kind of 
indicator before we go to a referendum 
that if it passes we will be accepted. 
Otherwise, there’s really no place for 
us to go.”

A.S. Council passed a resolution 
supporting the move to Division I 
by a student-fee referendum, but will 
not press the issue if the Big West is 
satisfied with its current 10 members.

“We wouldn’t move forward with 
the referendum if there’s no interest 
from the Big West,” Gupta said. “It 
wouldn’t make sense for us to have a 
student vote in that case.”

According to the report, the startup 
costs of $20.8 million to $33.8 million 
are primarily due to the lack of a 
stadium and practice facility. Football 
would also bring UCSD out of Title 
IX compliance, which requires equal 
opportunity for men’s and women’s 
athletics, and would likely force the 
school to shut down one or more 
men’s sports programs.

“I just do not think it is feasible to 
add to the costs of having a football 
team,” A.S. President Wafa Ben 

Hassine said. “Just this year, we had 
a tuition hike because of the deep-
pocket federal cuts, and I do not think 
students can afford another hike.”

Ben Hassine added that she does 
not support the option of moving to 
Division I.

With the step up in competition, 
UCSD would likely see less success 
initially than it is used to on the 
athletic field.

“It’s going to be a great challenge,” 
men’s basketball coach Chris Carlson 
said. “But I think this department — 
and this institution, more importantly 
— doesn’t shrink from a challenge. 
There are so many institutions across 
the country that have shown the 
ability to have high level athletics and 
academics coexist, and I think that we 
have that ability.”

Carlson began his career at Big 
West member UC Santa Barbara, and 
has worked at University of Pittsburgh 
and UCLA — both schools with 
distinguished athletic and academic 
reputations.

Water polo already competes 
primarily against Division I 
competition, and is one of UCSD’s 
strongest sports. Men’s head coach 
Denny Harper, who has been coaching 
at UCSD for 30 years and has an 
NCAA Runner-Up to his name, said 
that the scholarship money would be 
the big difference for his program.

“In the past, I’ve lost a lot of who I 
would consider top recruits,” Harper 
said. “In many cases they really 
wanted to go to UCSD certainly for 
the academic reputation, the location 
and the polo, too. But they either were 
offered some form of a scholarship 
or they thought they had enough 
game to choose a school where there 
was the potential to ultimately earn a 
scholarship.”

Additional reporting by Varun 
Chaturvedi.

 
Readers can contact Liam Rose at 
lfrose@ucsd.edu.

▶ athletics, from page 1



out of context
It wasn’t as if students had to correctly name 
every Real Housewife of Beverly Hills and list 
their children’s eating disorders.”

Mary McnaMara
TELEVISION CRITIC, THE LOS ANGELES TIMES

“
4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/oPINIoN

OpiniOn
ContaCt the editor: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

MoNDAY, MARCH 28, 2011

Do you Support Moving to  
DiviSion i athleticS? VOTE 
ONLINE.

√  Yes
√  No
√  I don’t know

QUICKTAKES   SAT Reality TV Question

Reaching for the Green

Thanks to low college graduation rates, the Department of Education is dangling the prospect of addi-
tional funding in front of money-hungry 
campuses. It’s a smart move for the Obama 
administration, but not one we’re likely to 
cash in on, as the proposal has institutions 
directly competing to increase grad rates, 
which means struggling public schools are 
up against Ivy League cash cows. 

Ideally, the initiative should make some 
adjustments to even the playing field for 
struggling schools — typically, public 
schools like those in the UC system. This 
can be done through tiered competitions, 
pitting schools from the same states and 
in similar financial situations against each 
other.

This program is a welcome change con-
sidering where the U.S. stands. Compared 
to other developed nations, the U.S. lags 

in our percentage of college graduates. 
According to the Organization of Economic 
Cooperation and Development, 42 percent 
of the U.S. population aged 25-34 has fin-
ished college. This puts us in ninth place 
(South Korea comes in at first with 58 per-
cent).  

The Department of Education is offer-
ing three separate grants. A $20-million 
“Comprehensive Grant Program” rewards 
universities that improve graduation rates, 
while a $50 million “College Completion 
Incentive Grants” rewards states. Finally, the 
$23-million “First in the World Initiative” 
rewards states that keep tuition rates from 
increasing while increasing completion 
rates. The plan, announced by Secretary of 
Education Arne Duncan, seeks to increase 
college graduates in the United States by 
eight million by 2020.

While its intentions are good, the 

Comprehensive Grant Program disadvan-
tages the UC system. Only individual col-
leges can apply for this grant, which means 
universities with huge budget deficits won’t 
likely be able to appropriate enough money 
to create a program to improve graduation 
rates as easily as more affluent colleges. In 
addition, it’s the most economically chal-
lenged schools are the public universities 
who are facing cuts, so private schools or 
for-profit colleges would tend to benefit 
from this grant.

Ironically, another reason the UC system 
may not be the strongest contender for these 
grants is because we’re doing well. The nine 
understand UC campuses already have a 
high graduation rate. As of 2010, 82.2 per-
cent of UC students systemwide received 
their degree within six years; UCSD’s six-
year graduation rate is 85 percent as of 
2010. After crossing a certain threshold, 

The Obama Administration is promoting a competition-based grant program it hopes will raise graduation rates by 8 per-
cent in 2020 — but there’s no telling how much it will benefit struggling universities.

 By Saad Asad  •  Senior Staff Writer

The SAT may be an enduring rite of passage for American youth, but it’s nevertheless 
prone to makeovers in an effort to stay relevant. 
Earlier this month, test-takers were asked 
to write on what some see as a particularly 
unscholarly topic: reality television. 

Qualms about the prompt’s suitability for 
such a formal evaluation are — to use an SAT 
word — superfluous. The test’s writing com-
ponent, added in 2005,  provides students an 
opportunity to exhibit written communication 
skills, not their knowledge of a particular sub-
ject. 

Graders aren’t expecting empirical 
research papers comparing the authenticity 
of “Bridalplasty” to “Hell’s Kitchen.” They just 
want to see how a student can organize infor-
mation into a unified argument. 

Past essay topics, like environmental science 
and international diplomacy, were just as spe-
cific. Students are only bemoaning this essay so 
they have something to blame for their college 
application neuroses. Every post-SAT period 
is filled with choruses from a batch of students 
worried their lack of knowledge regarding 
that year’s topic — it’s just that this time, those 
students get to complain about not watching 
enough “Jersey Shore.”  

— Alex Pakzad
Staff Writer

Nothing’s More Accessible Than T.V.

See Grants, page 5

A recent SAT essay question on pop culture has parents and test takers protesting its 
fairness. The prompt asked students to evaluate 
the authenticity of reality television shows given 
the level of input and manipulation by television 
producers and editors. 

It’s an unfair demand: Not only do test takers 
have to make a convincing argument, they also 
have to draw on specific examples to enhance 
their point, meaning that students may be 
expected to know more than just what’s taught 
in their English classes — but certainly not any-
thing about the cast of “Big Brother.”  

Past SAT questions have been on topics such 
as book excerpts or common social issues — 
things they generally learn in school. From these 
broad topics, most students can produce a five-
paragraph essay with adequate examples. 

In preparation for the SAT, students are urged 
to pick three examples — like current events, 
or literature — that they can shoehorn into any 
essay topic they are given.

But this recent essay question required an 
exceedingly narrow set of examples that high 
school students will have different levels of 
knowledge about — from the diehard “Survivor” 
fan to the kid who has never heard of “American 
Idol.” 

— Bridgett Rangel-Rexford
Staff Writer

Every Prompt Has its NaysayersTopic Too Narrow for All Students
For all the ubiquity of the Web over the last 10 years, television has remained a mainstream 
American institution — a fact the College Board 
recognizes. Regardless of whether you’re a reality 
TV junkie or have a “tiger mom” that’s forbidden 
everything but the history channel, you’ve heard 
of reality TV and at least glimpsed reality TV 
gossip stories while waiting in line at Ralph’s or 
CVS, which is why the March SAT essay question 
on reality TV is perfectly valid.

According to an August 2010, University of 
Michigan study, the national TV consumption 
average for those under 18 is three hours per 
day.  So, even if not every test taker is a “Biggest 
Loser” devotee, she should have at least enough 
history to whip out something passable. 

Plus, reality TV is hardly a new phenomenon. 
The genre, as we know it today, was introduced 
by MTV’s “The Real World” in 1992 — before 
nearly every student taking the test was born — 
and has grown exponentially since. Many, such 
as “Survivor” and “American Idol,” are frequently 
among the most-watched programs on television. 

With all the exposure television has among 
high school students, finding adequate examples 
to back up an argument couldn’t conceivably be 
much of a challenge even for the bookworms in 
the room. 

— Madeline Mann
Senior Staff Writer

In third grade, I made the mistake of telling my mother I thought my swim coach was “cute.” From 
there on out, she made comments 
about how “cute” he was — even 
when he was standing next to me.

That was the last time I would 
make the mistake of divulging clas-
sified information to my mother. 
(Lesson learned.)

Like every stereotypical mother-
daughter relationship, our interactions 
throughout middle and high school 
were defined by screaming matches 
about everything from getting my 
driver’s license (not until I was 17) to 
doing the dishes (she just yelled at me, 
OK?). To put it lightly, we were no 
“Gilmore Girls.”

The month before I left for college, 
our relationship came to a boiling 
point. Going a day without wanting 
to claw each other’s eyes out was like 
a day without hearing about Lindsay 
Lohan.   

But after only a couple weeks liv-
ing in a dorm with little but dining 
dollars and a mini fridge to my name, 
my mom’s comforting hugs starting 
sounding pretty good. At that point, 
I swallowed my pride and picked up 
the phone. 

I knew our relationship had 
changed when I found myself begging 
her to fly down from the Bay Area to 
“hang out” with me. 

That weekend, over mouthfuls 
of Vallarta’s carne asada fries and 
Sprinkles cupcakes, she asked me the 
one question every kid dreads hearing: 
“So, are you dating anyone?” In the 
past — true or not — I would respond 
with a curt “no” and change the sub-
ject. After sitting in a brief awkward 
silence, like a bad Twix commercial, 
I shoved a cupcake in my mouth and 
spent the chewing time mulling over 
how I was going to respond.

If I said yes, that would open up 
a Pandora’s box of questions and 
remarks I wasn’t sure I was ready for. 
If I said no, she would be left in bliss-
ful ignorance, but also missing out on 
a large part of my life. 

“Mmyersh.”
“What?”
Swallow. “Yes.”
As expected, the hailstorm of ques-

tions was upon me: What’s his name? 
Is he nice? How did you meet him? 
Do you have a picture? Is he Asian? 

After the firing squad was over, I 
realized that “the talk” wasn’t as bad as 
I thought. 

I had done it. I had cautiously 
roamed where only the bravest 
children dare venture: I had let my 
mother in the “friend zone.” 

Over the course of the next few 
weeks, I tried to be as open with my 
mother as possible: Yes, mother, I 
occasionally drink. No, mother, I’m 
not an alcoholic. 

There have, naturally, been a few 
awkward comments. When I called 
her complaining about the stress of 
finals week, her first response was: 
“You didn’t miss your period, did 
you?” She also called my boyfriend 
and told him not to “do anything stu-
pid to me.”

But despite the unsolicited com-
mentary, I know my mom means 
well, and being friends with her has 
brought our relationship to a new 
level — just not the Facebook friend 
level. (She doesn’t need all the details.) 

Mom and Me 
Don’t Need a 
Freaky Friday

CHERyL HORI
chori@ucsd.edu

A Change of 
Pace

Jane rho/Guardian



oPINIoN MoNDAY, MARCH 28, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

Dear Editor,
Congratulations to the jani-

tors who got the steam machines 
removed. It’s not often that a group 
of workers can band together to 
reject technology and save their 
jobs. It wasn’t mentioned which way 
is faster, but almost assuredly one 
of the reasons the steam machines 
were brought in is to increase the 
speed with which bathrooms can be 
cleaned. Faster bathroom cleaning 
equals less people needed to clean 
the same number of bathrooms.

I am also proud of the UCSD 
students who stepped up and said, 
“I will gladly pay more fees to keep 
workers employed” by helping in the 
rejection of the steam machines.  I 
hope they do the same for me when 
my job gets phased out due to tech-
nology.

Long live the buggy whip makers.

— John Molin
Electronic Technician, UCSD 

Imprints

Dear Editor,
The prestigious rating of UCSD, 

by 13,388 academics in 131 countries, 
is at all-time high. The scholars ques-
tioned were instructed to select the 
universities they believe to be the best 
in teaching and research.

Reputation rankings mark the 
first time these measures have been 
used exclusively for The Times Higher 
Education Supplement.  

While UC Berkeley is number four 
on the list, the University of Oxford 
number six, Princeton number seven, 
University of Tokyo number nine, 

UCLA #12, Cornell #16, National 
University of Singapore #27, UCSD 
rounds the list of the top 30 universi-
ties in the entire world.  

Yet how can UCSD expand? Will 
the La Jolla Country Day School 
campus be sold to the UC Regents? 
The Preuss School, has an impossible 
transportation plan. Specifically, the 
students come from as far away as San 
Ysidro, Lincoln High School, located 
on a MTS route that runs directly to 
SDSU, has a beautiful plant renovated 
completely since the founding of the 
Preuss School. 

In a Feb. 10, 2011 Guardian article, 
“Housing for Greek Orgs Could Be 
Built Along La Jolla Shores Drive,” 
Greek Housing Initiative Chair 
Michael Raimondi claimed that 
UCSD administrators’ opinions have 
completely changed and that they are 
now completely “on board” with the 
initiative in “a $60-million project, 
since Chancellor Marye Anne Fox 
approves projects under that amount.”    

I think Raimondi is being naive, 
given the scope of UCSD’s parking 
problem: The best immediate solution 
would be to remove the Extended 
Studies and Public Programs (i.e., 
University Extension) site from the 
Thurgood Marshall College parking 
lot to somewhere at least 15 miles 
away from campus.

— Richard Thompson
UCSD Alumnus ’83

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be no longer than 500 words, 
typed, double-spaced and signed with a name and 
applicable title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit for length and 
clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of the Student Center or 
e-mailed. Send all letters to:

The UCSD Guardian
Opinion Editor

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

The LiTTLe RinTRAh By Eileen Shi

With an Eye to Education, Fed. Keeps Us Competitive
it becomes increasingly difficult 
to raise graduation 
rates; because the 
UC system has less 
room for improve-
ment than some other 
institutions, it’s less 
likely to gain from 
these grants. The 
reward system should 
instead take into 
account the varying 
tiers of improvement. 
Universities should 
not only compete 
against each other based on levels 
of debt, but on their rates of com-
pletion as well.

Also, it’s unclear if institutions 

that earn grants will be required 
to spend the money on increasing 
the graduation rates. If this is the 

case, although the UC 
system is strapped for 
cash, winning the grant 
may not be as helpful 
as it seems. The UC 
system needs to be free 
to use available funds 
to help alleviate course, 
faculty and enrollment 
cuts, not necessarily to 
produce more gradu-
ates.            

Nonetheless, the 
White House is rightly 

concerned with educating the 
populace and creating a “College 
Completion Tool Kit” of sorts for 

schools and governors to increase 
graduation rates — helping adults 
with college experience but no 
degree, making transferring college 
credits easier and keeping college 
tuition raises minimal to nonexis-
tent. 

Biomedical careers and IT jobs 
generally require a college educa-
tion, and to remain globally com-
petitive, American citizens must 
have the education to succeed. But 
as the grants are designed now, 
public schools could well be hung 
out to dry.

Additional Reporting by Margaret 
Yau.

Readers can contact Saad Asad at 
Sasad@ucsd.edu

Although the UCs 
are struggling for 
cash, these grants 
may be unhelpful 
to the UC system 
because it already 
has a high  
graduation rate.

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
Steam Cleaner Ban 
Deserves Praise

To Stay Ahead, Think 
About the Future

▶ Grants, from page 4



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2010 CAMPUS CALENDAR

E n t E r t a i n m E n t  &  F u n

Causing a Tiger - In 2008, Carla 
Kihlstedt helped kick off ArtPower!’s 
ground-breaking Tentacle Sessions series. 
Now she’s back and she’s ready to cause a 
tiger. Inspired by Jorge Luis Borges’ poem, 
Causing a Tiger’s three musicians bring 
audiences along on a musical journey 
with drums, violin, percussion, guitar, 
harmonium, piano, and field recordings 
pulled from their travels around the 
globe. A beguiling dream-like experience 

E n t E r t a i n m E n t  &  F u n

Ferraby Lionheart, Henry Wolfe, 
Charlie Wodhams - If there ever was a 
way to describe folk gone gothic-baroque, 
Henry Wolfe could justifiably be the means 
to the answer. And for the romanced and 
the jaded, there is Ferraby Lionheart to 
pull at your heartstrings.  Opening for 
Band of Horses? We’re unsure of whether 
convincing you to see Charlie Wadhams 
at The Loft is further necessary.  UCSD 
Student Member: $4 Advance; Pay as 

April 1- 3 – Clinton Global Initiative 
University Opening Plenary Session - 
The fourth annual CGI U meeting, to be 
held from April 1-3 on the campus of 
the University of California, San Diego, 
will bring together students and national 
youth organizations to create and 
implement Commitments to Action across 
five Focus Areas: Education, Environment 
& Climate Change, Peace & Human Rights, 
Poverty Alleviation, and Public Health. 
UCSD student ID must be presented at 
the Box Office for the opening plenary 
session tickets. One ticket per student. For 
more information about CGI U, visit cgiu.
com; for ticket information, visit boxoffice.
ucsd.edu.

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o /
L E c t u r E s

Neferti Tadiar: "Remaindered 
Life of Citizen-Man, Medium 
of Democracy" - Professor Tadiar's 
academic interests include transnational 
and third world feminisms, postcolonial 
theory, critical race studies, literary 
and social theory, cultural studies of 
the  Asia/Pacific region, and Philippine 
studies.  4-8pm at Cross Culture 
Center, Comunidad.

a r t  &  c u L t u r E

UCSD JSA+NSU Matsuri Festival 
2011- UCSD's Japanese Student 
Association and Nikkei Student Union are 
proud to present the third annual Matsuri 
Festival of 2011. As the only authentic 
Japanese Festival in the San Diego County 
that has generated over 1000 attendees 
last year, the Matsuri Festival is open 
to the general public and guaranteed 
to entertain people of all ages. There 
will be Japanese festival food, games, 
and performances that will let you 
experience a traditional Japanese festival 
right here in San Diego. In addition, 
the Japanese Student Association is 
launching a campaign to donate an 
amount of $10,000 in hopes of helping 
the victims of the recent earthquake and 
tsunami disaster in Japan. Any amount 
of donations can make a difference. 
www.wepay.com/donate/helpjapan The 
Matsuri Festival is planning on ways you 
can show support at the event as well, 
such as donation boxes, message cards, 
and raffle tickets. Let's join the cause 
and make a difference. 5pm -10pm on 
Library Walk

E n t E r t a i n m E n t  &  F u n 

Therapy Fluffy! Thursdays at The 
Zone - Pet a pup! Studies show that 
petting a dog is a wonderful way to 
relieve stress, so the Office of Student 
Wellness sponsors a different therapy 
dog each Thursday from 1:30 to 2:30 
pm in The Zone. 

Free Zumba Classes Thursdays 
at The Zone - Calorie-burning, body-
energizing, awe-inspiring movements 
based on Latin rhythms. Zumba trims 
and strengthens your core, and it's a 
blast! Every Thursday in The Zone 
from 5:00 to 5:45 pm.

E n t E r t a i n m E n t  &  F u n 

The White Buffalo - The White 
Buffalo represents an authentic homage 
to the times of hard touring, hard 
drinking artists who truly lived what they 
sang about. Seamlessly moving from 
heartfelt ballads to raucous bar songs, 
The White Buffalo sings with honesty 
and thoughtful reflection as he wanders 
the road, sharing his music. Everything 
about him is big, from his imposing 
physical size to his amazing vocal range. 
From his whiskey-drenched, growling 
lows to heart-stopping highs, The 
White Buffalo paints a touching picture, 
whether he stands alone or performs 
with his energetic, charismatic band. 
UCSD Student Member: $5 Advance, 
PAYC at the Door. UCSD Student: 
$10 Regular: $12 Advance; $14 
Door (20% discount for members) 

E n t E r t a i n m E n t  &  F u n

Wonderland: DJs - DJ Pharaoh and 
Deejay Stu will be spinning vinyl Friday 
night to get the Wonderland experience 
started. Pharoaoh, who loves House 
beats but doesn't play the genre game, 
uses his impressive musical knowledge 
to push San Diego culture forward. 
Deejay Stu, who also comes from a 
musical background, has spun at the 
Grammy Awards After Party and NBA All-

Wednesday Mar 30

Monday Mar 28 Tuesday Mar 29

Thursday Mar 31

Friday Apr 1

Saturday Apr 2

ONGOING

The White Buffalo 
Friday, April 1 

8:30pm, The Loft

Ferraby Lionheart w/ 
Henry Wolfe & Charlie Wodhams

Monday, march 28 
8pm, The Loft

You Can at the Door. UCSD Student: 
$8, Regular: $10 (20% off for non-
student members) 8pm at the Loft

a r t  &  c u L t u r E

What Went Wrong?: China’s 
Assertive Diplomacy and Japan-
China Relations - Why did the 
Japanese government arrest the captain 
of the Chinese trawler which collided with 
Japanese coast guard vessels off the coast 
of the Senkaku Islands last September? 

"Need a place to practice a speech, 
presentation or interview? 
Have a question about how to email 
your professor or boss? The Center for 
Communication and Leadership offers 
Peer - Peer advising to give feedback and 
advice or to answer answer any question 
related to communication and leadership. 
Stop by anytime or make an individual 
appointment with the Peer Educators who 
are available every Monday from 1:00P.M 
- 4:00P.M in the Eleanor Roosevelt College 
Room of Price Center. For more information 
visit http://www.ccl.ucsd.edu."

universitycenters.ucsd.edu

JUMPJUMPOFFJUMP
THE

Featuring UC San Diego’s own musicians

Glacier Sk
ies

Week
Price Center and Student Center

1

roma nightS
featuring: Glacier Skies
monday, march 28 • 8pm
The Loft • FrEE

thE JumP oFF
featuring: DJ Chai-T
Friday, april 1 • 1-4pm
Round Table Patio • FrEE

truE grit
thursday, march 31 • 6 & 9pm
Price Center Theater 
$3 Student / $5 general

as exhilarating as, well, the roar of a 
tiger. 8pm at the Loft 

Arttalks! At the Loft - Intermission 
conversation with the artists. ArtTalks! 
are moderated chats with an artist or 
filmmaker that offer the opportunity to 
learn the unexpected stories behind a 
work's creation and to explore the history 
and symbolism that merge when you 
scratch just below the surface.  9pm at 
the Loft, tickets to the performance 
is required

The Japanese and the Chinese have their 
own version of the story. 4-5:30pm at 
Robinson Building Complex, Room 3201 

Mexico Moving Forward - Diana 
Magaloni, director of Mexico’s Museum of 
Anthropology; Chef and restaurant owner 
Monica Patino; and Roxana Velasquez 
Martinez del Campo, executive director of 
the San Diego Museum of Art, discuss the 
importance of fomenting national pride and 
identity through food and culture. 8-9pm 
on UCSD-TV

8:30pm at the Loft

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o /
L E c t u r E s

Applied Economics Seminar: Dr. 
Connan Snider (UCLA) - Dr. Connan 
Snider from UC Los Angeles presents his 
current research in the weekly-applied 
economics seminar. 3:30 – 5pm at 
Economics Building Rm. 300

Skalak Memorial Lecture: Special 
Lecture by Dr. Peter Hunter - Institute 
of Engineering in Medicine celebrate UC 
San Diego's 50th Anniversary and invite 
you to attend the Skalak Memorial Lecture 
by Dr. Peter Hunter. Lecture begins 
at 4:00pm; Reception to follow. At 
Powell-Focht Bioengineering Hall - 
Fung Auditorium

Star After Party, and aspires to conquer 
all aspects of the DJ game. 6pm at 
Potiker Theatre.

Dinner with the Artists – Join 
ArtPower! along with Jeffrey Kahane 
and Andrew Shulman for Dinner with 
the Artists. Purchase your prix fixe dinner 
featuring an appetizer, your choice of 
entree, and dessert for only $30!  7pm 
at the Loft

Wonderland: DJs - As part of the 
Wonderland experience, you can check out 
DJ Claire spinning vinyl in the name of 
soul. DJ Claire, who used to be a radio DJ 
during her days at UCSD's KSDT, has taken 
to performing on a monthly basis at the 
Whistle Stop and Starlite, along with the 
occasional set at the Casbah and other 
watering holes around the city. Enjoy some 
tasty snacks from Sweet Treats food truck 
while listening to her signature brand of 
“right-on music that's simply dynamite.” 
8:30pm at Potiker Theatre

W o r k s h o p s / i n F o / L E c -
t u r E s

“Looking Back And Looking 
Forward: Sixty Years Of Indian 
Democracy” - IICAS South Asia Studies 
Present: Lloyd Rudolph & Susanne Rudolph 
Professors of Political Science University 
of Chicago “Looking Back And Looking 
Forward: Sixty Years Of Indian Democracy” 
12:30 PM - 2:00 PM Social Sciences 
Building(SSB), Room 107 Register at: 
http://iicas.ucsd.edu/speaker-series/
registration.html

The UCSD Undergraduate 
Economics Society Presents: "OECD 
50th Anniversary Humor Session: 
A Spirited Look at Climate Change 
and Green Growth" - Stand-up 
economist and professor at the University 
of Washington, Yoram Bauman, will be 
presenting a monologue on the OECD’s 
50th anniversary and on the topics of 
climate change and green growth. 5:30 – 
7pm at Price Center East Ballroom

Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen 
to Lecture on Justice: Local and 
Global - Noble-prize winning economist 
Amartya Sen will speak on ''Justice: Local 
and Global'' at 7 pm in the University 
of California San Diego Price Center 
Ballroom West. 

Week of 3/28-4/3

Get away from your studies and classes 
without leavinG campus!

Games
• Tournament Style Tables

• Ping Pong Table

• Foosball Table

• Board Games

student Friendly prices:
• Pool: $4 per hour

• Ping Pong: $2 per hour

• Board games: Free!

hours:
Monday - Friday: 11am – 11pm
Saturday: 12pm – 6pm 

universitycenters.ucsd.edu • Price Center West, Level 2



 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2011www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/fOCUSwww.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/fOCUS

ContaCt the editor: leisure@ucsdguardian.org

LEISURE

SITESEEN

LA JOLLA OPEN AIRE FARMER’S MARKET: veggie tales Girard Avenue and Gentry StreetLa Jolla, CA  92037

E very Sunday morning, from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., downtown La Jolla blooms. Ten minutes from campus on the cor-ner of Girard Avenue and Genter Street, a collection of 
white-topped tents crop up apparently out of nowhere, sell-
ing everything from collapsible travel vases ($8) to children’s 
clothes (sparkly tutus) and dog leashes. 

The variety is surprising, and because the La Jolla Open 
Aire Market twists around a school’s asphalt-covered play-
ground, it seems larger than it really is — though stalls are 
grouped by category (food, clothes, etc), so finding what 
you’re looking for shouldn’t be much of a challenge.

Over 60 artisans participate in the Open Aire Market — 
and that’s not including food vendors and farmers.  While 
floral vendors dominate the market, skip the roses and stop 
to smell the fresh, organic produce instead. Plump, ruby-red 
strawberries are only $8 for three packs, while a tub of light-
pink guava jam sells for the same at a nearby vendor. One of 

the stalls sells Green Drink ($9 per quart) that’s made with 
kale, collard greens and rainbow chard — a tree-green sludge 
that looks like morning-after sick, but tastes fresh and goes 
down smooth. The drink is meant to energize, so grab a bottle 
if you’re feeling ill — or if you want to scare your roommates.

For something natural and sweet, stop by the stall with 
various types of honey. For a couple quarters, buy a honey 
stick, which comes in flavors ranging from vanilla to mango 
to sunflower. If sugar isn’t your thing, the market also hosts a 
range of prepared foods — everything from organic chicken 
to shish kebabs — all reasonably priced.  

Even if you aren’t looking to drag home a pricey basket-
ful of organic produce, the market is a great place for a fresh 
lunch once you’ve tired of whatever muck Canyon Vista is 
passing off as “meat.”

— NEDA SALAMAT
LEiSurE EDiTor

C
ollege drinking generally 
adheres to a few common cre-
dos: Beer is for chugging on 
game day. Hard alcohol is best 
for body shots. But wine’s more 

austere reputation makes it a little less acces-
sible. Since you won’t be taking keg-stands 
of Merlot anytime soon, San Diego’s somme-
liers have offered newly minted 21-year-olds 
sage advice on ordering, tasting, preserving 
and, of course, drinking everyone’s favorite 
grape drink. 

To Drink 
For some beginners, just picking which 

color wine to drop in the shopping cart can 
induce the spins. Since most red wines are 
infused with more tannins (a bitter plant 
compound that gives wine its dry taste) than 
their white counterparts, most newcomers 
are likely to find a light, summery white 
wine more enjoyable than a heavier, fuller-
bodied red. 

“An off-dry Riesling — it’s very palatable, 
fairly inexpensive and the alcohol content 
is low,” Kyle Showen, wine director of Red 
Velvet Wine Bar (located in Little Italy), said. 
“But it’s still wine, it’s not just grape juice. Or 
Torrontés, grown in Argentina. It’s very aro-

matic and has a nice flavor.” 
For those feeling a little more adventur-

ous, lighter red wines — like fruity Zinfandel 
blends or light California Pinot Noirs — will 
have a bigger kick than a mellow white 
without overwhelming a new drinker like a 
heavier red (think Cabernet). 

“Merlots are nice and light,” Tammi 
Wong, owner and sommelier of 3rd Corner 
restaurant (in Encinitas), said. “Pinot Noirs 
are also very fashionable, but it’s harder to 
find a bottle that’s inexpensive.”

The best way to determine whether a 
wine is worth buying (if tasting it and smell-
ing it are out of the question) is to look for 
certain indicators on bottles. Region is inte-
gral to the wine’s taste.

“Anything from Rhinegau (a wine region) 
has really good flavors, like peach,” Showen 
said. “Personally, if I’m going out to buy 
wine, I look for certain indicators within 
price points. With Pinots, Sonoma County 
is really good or River Valley, if you can find 
those at a reasonable price.”

Region can also be a good indication of 
whether a wine will be fruitier (like those 
from California) or more mineral heavy 
(French wines). 

“Some wines are really built to pair with 
food,” Showen said. “So, they aren’t initially 
great as cocktail wines or drunk on their 
own. Initially, that is. I would say Tuscan and 
other Italian wines can be very acidic, but on 
the converse, southern Italian wines are very 
approachable. I would recommend people 
stay away from Bourdeaux — French Pinot 
Noir is very different from California Pinot.” 

Richard Totah, manager of Jake’s on 6th a 
Wine Bar in Hillcrest, agrees.

“Some of the really heavy Bourdeauxs can 
be offensive to new wine drinkers,” Totah 
said. 

If you’re looking to pair your wine with 
food, remember to pair bold dishes with 
bold wines (steak goes best with red wine) 
and lighter dishes with crisper whites (fish 
goes well with airy whites). And if you’re still 
indecisive, grab two bottles of the same color 
and mix.

“You can take a harsher red wine and 
blend it with a softer red wine to give it 
a smoother finish,” owner of Splash wine 
house (in North Park) Traci Smith said. 

To Order
An expansive wine list at an uppercrust 

Red, Red Wine
With so many options at the local grocer, choosing between a ruby red and a crisp white has never 

been more confusing. Fortunately, San Diego experts are here to help. 
By Neda Salamat • Leisure Editor

BEST BETS

BV Coastal EstatEs Pinot noir, 
$10 (BEVmo)

From CaliFornia, BV’s ruBy-red 
Pinot Boasts Cherry, smoke and 

BlaCkCurrant notes. 

FirEstonE riEsling, 
$10 (BEVmo)

also hailing From CaliFornia, 
the sweet, Fruity Firestone is 

straw-golden in Color.

PHotos by JoHn Hanacek/Guardian

See wine, page 8

JoHn Hanacek/Guardian



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2011 fOCUS

The job market is global.
Are you?

Peace Corps Info Session
Thu, Apr. 7th.  12:00 - 1:30pm
Career Services, Horizon Room
d1gomez@ucsd.edu
858.534.1336
www.peacecorps.gov

Lorinda Owens
6 in. x 5 in.
UC San Diego
Pub Date: 4/14/11

with a master’s degree in Sport Management
from California State University, Long Beach.
This accelerated program prepares you 
for the business of sport management. 

Free information sessions are held monthly.  
Come join us on May 4.
Online: 3 pm

Call us today to RSVP at (800) 963-2250 
or register online at  
ccpe.csulb.edu/sportmgmt5

Reach Higher

CRD_SportMgmtUCSD4_Ad_Sp11.indd   1 3/10/11   8:31 AM

RESTAURANTREVIEW • ARIELLE SALLAI

ClaiRe’s ON CeDROs 246 N. Cedros Avenue. Solana Beach, CA  92075(858) 259-8597

P ancakes are an oft-neglected staple of the breakfast menu: IHOP hands out its flavorless stacks for free 
every March and your mother might opt 
for Bisquick on Sunday mornings. But 
at Solana Beach’s café/bakery Claire’s on 
Cedros, the pancake is still king.

Claire’s award-winning take on 
the standard — appropriately titled 
“Clairecakes” ($5.95 for the 
smallest stack or combo 
plate), after chef/co-owner 
Claire Allison — ditches the 
tasteless batter: the freshly 
baked hotcakes are fluffy, 
laced with cinnamon and 
served with warm syrup. 

Unfortunately, the rest 
of the menu isn’t nearly so 
satisfying. The double-thick 
bacon in the Clairecakes 
combo was too chewy, 
amounting to a jerky-like 
meat slab better suited as a dog treat — 
which might also work, as Claire’s is a 
pup-friendly establishment. 

The wild mushroom and tomato 
omelet ($10.95) also didn’t live up to 
the hype. What sounded like a promis-
ing recipe — shallots, fresh thyme and 
brie cheese are used to punch up sweet 
mushrooms and roasted tomatoes — was 
a bland letdown. The under-seasoned 
ingredients muddled together, their dis-
tinct flavors barely rising above the taste 
of plain egg. Apart from the full-bodied, 
organic coffee, a doughy homemade 
croissant served with the dish was the 
only portion worth finishing. 

The green ambience, however, might 
be worth writing home about. All of 
Claire’s meats and dairy products come 
from farmers who raise their animals 
humanely, and the produce is local 
and organic. That eye for sustainability 
extends beyond the menu: The beach-
cottage breakfast eatery is the first joint 
in the San Diego area to earn L.E.E.D. 
(Leadership in Energy and Environmental 
Design) Platinum certification. 
Renewable power is produced by 54 pho-
tovoltaic panels on-site, recycled denim 
insulates the walls and priority parking is 
given to carpoolers and eco-friendly vehi-

cles. (The lot, unsurprisingly, is populated 
mostly by luxury cars anyway.) 

Sustainability, in fact, seems a greater 
priority than customer service. At the 
entrance, there is no one there to greet 
you, or even a place to wait without feel-
ing like you’re getting in the way of the 
nervous wait staff. They exacerbate the 
foot traffic, shuffling around with meager 

smiles as if afraid the cyclists 
gathering at the restaurant will 
run them over. 

Sure, it’s nice to leave the 
grease-filled Americana diner 
for a more health-conscious 
choice; we just wish there were 
still some of the small-town 
warmth. Perhaps Claire can 
make a mean pancake and 
co-owner Terrie Boley can 
commission a solid, sustain-
able building, but that doesn’t 
mean they can efficiently run 

a restaurant or create a pleasant dining 
experience.

Thankfully, packages of the pancake 
mix are available for purchase, so you can 
enjoy Claire’s specialty without the rest of 
the unimpressive menu. (Or better yet, 
order it online for $4.95 and avoid the 
15-minute drive altogether.)

Hours: 
Mon-Fri 
6 a.m. - 3 p.m.
Sat & Sun
7 a.m. - 3 p.m.

Price range: $6-$13

recommended: 
Clairecakes

restaurant can be daunting for any burgeoning 
wino, but don’t be bashful about ordering the 
cheapest item off the menu. 

“Even if you order the cheapest thing on the 
menu, a lot of thought went into selecting that wine 
[list],” Wong said. 

And if the extensive variety is the problem, ask 
questions.

“Let them know what you’re looking for and 
what price,” Showen said. “I think oftentimes peo-
ple get intimidated because they think they need to 
order something because of the name or the price 
and they forget what they actually want. Don’t be 
afraid to ask.”  

Once you’ve picked your poison and poured 
a glass, let the wine sit a while to breathe before 
drinking.

“I like to swirl it, really kick the bottom of the 
glass, get the flavors going,” Showen said. “But it’s 
really about personal preference. Smell the wine, 
it’s actually really important. It’s a huge component 
of the overall flavor. I buy a lot of wines [based] 
60 percent on what they smell like and 30 percent 
what they taste like.” 

Swirling the wine helps the liquid breathe bet-
ter after being corked up for an extended period of 
time. 

“Generally you swirl it, which allows air into the 
wine, opening up all the aromas and flavors,” Smith 
said. 

To Own
And though wine may be known as the drink of 

snobs, if you’re dropping multiple Benjamins on a 
bottle, you’ve probably already had one too many. 

“I think most people can find a wine they like 
for under $10,” Smith said.

Showen echoed Smith’s sentiments. 
“You can find really good wines $8 or $9 a bot-

tle,” Showen said, “But with things like California 
Pinot Noir, you’re going to need to spend around 
$20.” 

Local wine aficionados also agree that the taste is 
best the first few days after you pop open the bottle. 

“If it’s too acidic or watery or stemmy and not 
like, a certain freshness or brightness, then it may 
have gone bad,” Showen said. “But that being said, 
some of the best wines in the world are known for 

having acidic flavor or leathery flavor. But if it tastes 
bad, it’s probably bad.”

There is, however, some wiggle room with cer-
tain varieties.

“Something with more tannins is going to pre-
serve a wine, and something with more alcohol con-
tent,” Smith said. “Something like a Port or a Sherry 
— that makes the wine last a long time.  But a bottle 
of red or white with a cork in it in the refrigerator is 
really only good for two days.”

Though there are 
some technologies avail-
able to help preserve 
wine, some experts don’t 
believe that they actually 
work.

 “All those gimmicks 
and stuff don’t really do 
much,” Totah said. “If you 
open a bottle of wine, 
plan on drinking it that 
night or the next day.”

Luckily, there are 
other uses for a half-emp-
ty bottle of wine — other 
than pouring it down the 
kitchen sink.

“You can cook with it 
or make sangria if you’re 
daring,” Showen said. 
He also recommended 
that advanced foodies 
use expired reds in a red 

wine reduction sauce. 
Ultimately, according to San Diego’s wine enthu-

siasts, wine tasting is more about being adventurous 
and open to new flavors than dropping a ton of 
dough on an obscure label. According to Showen, 
the best experiences come from trying a little bit of 
everything.

“Just go to Trader Joe’s, pop open some bottles 
and see what you like.” 

And while it’s not a Friday night go-to, a couple 
cheap bottles of two buck chuck might teach the 
average college coed a bit more about the vast, 
expansive world of wine — or, at the least, get you 
drunk for less than the cost bottle of plastic-bottled 
vodka.

Drinking Good Wine Isn’t Always Costly
▶ wine, from page 7

“Oftentimes people get intimidated 
because they 

think they need to 
order something 
because of the 

name or the price 
and they forget 

what they actually 
want. Don’t be 
afraid to ask.”
Kyle Showen

Wine Director

PHotos courtesy of claire’s on cedros JoHn Hanacek/Guardian



fOCUS MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

Your home. More than� a 
place to eat an�d sleep.

April 5-7:  First day for eligible students to apply online
Fill out your personal history form (PHF) and update your permanent address.

April 5-7: Sign the online contract and pre-pay $650*
Sign contract and pay by ECheck or coupon. *NOT covered by Financial Aid.

April 27-28: General Online Room Selection
Choose your space for the 2011–12 academic year.
Important: You must complete the PHF, Online Contract, and $650 pre-pay by deadline.  
To learn more about selecting a space on Room Selection Day, check your  
UC San Diego email account or visit hdh.ucsd.edu/roomselection.

Interested in living on campus next year? Studies show that students 
who live on campus graduate sooner AND also have more fun. It’s the most  
convenient way to enjoy your TOTAL college experience, and the application 
process is as easy as 1-2-3:

1

2

3

Sign contract online and  
pre-pay $650* 
Sign contract and pay by ECheck or coupon.  

*NOT covered by Financial Aid.

FirSt day to apply online
Fill out your Personal History Form (PHF) and update  
your permanent address.

online room Selection
Choose your space for the 2011–12 academic year. 

Check your UCSD email account or visit  hdh.ucsd.edu/thevillage/roomselection for more info.

NOTE: You must complete 
all three steps by the stated  
deadlines to be able to select  
a room at either the Village  
East or the Village West on  
Room Selection Day. 

SelectionRoomvillage2011-2012
For eligible students currently living at the village



Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

CLASSIFIEDSMONDAY, MARCH 28, 201110 THE UCSD GUARDIAN

2/17/11 Sudoku Solutions

Find the Crossword solution in 
this Thursday's Classifieds Page 

Student HouSing
3 bedroom condo available now, close 
to UCSD, UTC, bus line.  Washer/dryer 
included.  Rent includes water and 
trash.  Quiet location with canyon view.  
Call 858-205-9059 for more info.  (3/31)

Large furnished room with bath and 
separate entry in La Jolla, close to the 
beach, $900 utilities included. Call 
Janet at 858 456 0865. (3/31)

JobS
Position Available – Part Time Home 
Office Assistant, Flex Hours – Mac 
Compatible, Light Bookkeeping & 
Correspondence ($15/hr), referenc-
es and experience, e-mail  DaveB.-
delmar1000@gmail.com (3/31)

EGG DONORS NEEDED $10,000, plus 
expenses  We are seeking attractive 
and intelligent women  of all ethnici-
ties.  Please contact: 1-800-264-8828 
or darlene@aperfectmatch.com. www.
aperfectmatch.com      ASRM-SART ID# 
1202 (4/7)

Tutors wanted for algebra, geometry, 
calculus, chemistry, physics and biol- Across

1 Muddy stuff
5 Fallback option
10 Pinochle calls
14 Bounce, as off a canyon wall
15 Margaret Mead's island
16 Tom Joad, for one
17 Tool that can extract nails
19 Princess played by Lucy Lawless
20 Spanish song
21 Surprise "from the blue"
22 "Get Smart" evil agency
23 Silky sweater
25 Bard of boxing
27 It's poured into an iron at breakfast
34 They may be outsourced
37 King with jokes
38 Keebler cracker
39 Oral health org.
40 Aerialist's apparatus
42 Pictures on the wall
43 Back biter?
45 "Without a doubt!"
46 Mars' Greek counterpart
47 United Kingdom currency
50 Heavy drinker
51 Tranquilize
55 Plastic user's concern
58 Words of woe
62 Autobahn autos
63 Length times width
64 Fur bartered by Native Americans
66 Highlands dagger
67 "Bye for now"
68 "I did it!"
69 High school skin problem
70 Idyllic spots
71 Sources of iron

Down
1 Tourist magnet
2 Golden St. collegian
3 P.F. __'s: Chinese restaurant chain
4 Shows servility
5 Free TV spot
6 Moussaka meat
7 Bullets and such
8 Seasonal song
9 Pub bill
10 Tailless flying toy
11 Swedish furniture giant
12 Flintstone pet
13 Aral and Arabian
18 Traditional round dance
24 Miles away
26 Act like a couch potato
28 Lightning burst
29 Drink à la Lassie
30 Juan's January
31 Russian ruler of yore
32 To be, in Burgundy
33 Charlie Brown's "Darn it!"
34 Doorway feature
35 Sign of spoilage
36 Java neighbor
40 Small jazz group
41 Olympian ruler
44 In jeopardy
46 Total numerically
48 Pony's place
49 In the vicinity
52 "Please be __ and ...": polite request 

words
53 Spanish squiggle
54 These, in Madrid
55 Baby's pop
56 "Tears in Heaven" singer Clapton
57 Swiss capital
59 Lettuce purchase
60 Brisbane buddy
61 Fifty-fifty
65 Medical drama settings, for short

ogy. Scripps Ranch area. Monday-
Thursday, 2:30-8:30 PM. flexible sched-
ule. $30/3hr. (858) 705-3342. Email: 
pling.tutor@gmail.com (4/7)

Eyeblink Study: up to $260. Healthy 
participants needed: 18-35, right hand-
ed, drug-free, no psychiatric history.  
Studies on M-F, 9-4 only.  UCSDMC, 
Hillcrest. (619) 543-2314 or  Email: eye-
blinkstudy@gmail.com (4/11)

UCSD BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY STUDY: 
Subjects with current allergy symp-
toms to inhaled allergens (cat, grass, 
dust mite) needed as blood donors 
for research study requiring donation 
of blood and allergy skin testing. Will 
be reimbursed $100 for completion of 
2 clinic visit study. Contact Dr. Broide 
Department Medicine 858.534.2033 
(4/21)

L.A. AREA SUMMER DAY CAMPS 
Swimming, horses, sports, crafts, 
archery, beaches, ropes courses and 
more. Gain valuable experience work-
ing with children in a variety of fun 
camp settings!  www.daycampjobs.
com (5/19) 

Now Hiring - The Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center is now hiring for the summer. 
Experience in wakeboarding, sailing, 
wind surfing, surfing, stand-up pad-

CHECK US OUT ON
LIBRARY WALK...

COMING SOON.

TRITON OUTFITTERS

BEAR R
EPUBLI

C

this week she worked on her flamenco moves,

made paella with her
a paper for her INTERNATIONAL MARKETING class.

host family and turned in

what are you doing this week?
Discover where you’ll study abroad at usac.unr.edu

dling, kayaking, rowing or marine sci-
ence is recommended. Will train quali-
fied applicants. Office assistant and 
maintenance positions available as 
well. Visit mbaquaticcenter.com/jobs 
for more info or email: kevin.straw@
sdsu.edu (6/2)

Summer Day Camp - Greater Los 
Angeles Area. Counselors, instructors 
for horseback riding, gym, arts & crafts, 
swimming, rock climbing, petting farm, 
music & drama and more. (888)784-
CAMP www.workatcamp.com (6/2)

ServiceS
Tarot Card Readings  Clear, accurate, 
honest and confidential readings. Initial 
conversation via phone and readings 
done through email.  Email allows you 
reflect on your readings at your leisure. 
10 dollars per question......2 questions 
min. Can pay through paypal. First time 
clients get one question free! Please 
call 949-922-6883 or email me at mrs-
guevara04@yahoo.com. Email: mrsgue-
vara04@yahoo.com" (3/28)

Print Classifieds available: $5 for 30 words per issue

GUARDIAN
CLASSIFIEDS

FOR UCSD STAFF
& STUDENTS

FREE
ONLINE

ucsdguardian.campusave.com



SPORTS MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

25-23. While the game showed low hitting 
averages for both teams, with the Tritons at 
.181 and the Trojans at .232, USC out-blocked 
UCSD 12 to five. 

Sophomore outside hitter Carl Eberts and 
freshman middle blocker Sebastian Brady 
each gave the Tritons 11 kills. Eberts added six 
digs and Brady showed the team-best hitting 
average of .600.

The Tritons took the Pepperdine Waves to 
five sets to snap their seven-loss slide. UCSD 
came out fighting and took the first set 25-22 
and the second set in a 38-36 marathon, but 
Pepperdine came back and stole the next two 
with set scores of 25-20 and 25-22. 

The final deciding set ended at 17-15 as 
UCSD came up big at the end of the fifth game 

to take match.
Eberts achieved two career-highs with 22 

kills and 10 digs. Freshman outside hitter Nick 
Iorfino took 16 kills and freshman setter Mike 
Brunsting collected 14 kills. Senior middle 
blocker Calvin Ross showed 13 kills and five 
blocks, and senior setter Phil Bannan added to 
his school-record total with another 66 assists.

Right after snapping their own losing 
streak, the Tritons turned around and snapped 
Ohio State’s 17-match winning streak with 
scores 21-25, 25-22, 25-22 and 28-26. 

“Game one, [the Buckeyes] hit really well, 
.433, and we did not do enough to get them 
out of system, we only had one stop-block in 
game one and we finished with 16.5,” head 
coach Kevin Ring said. “So in three games, 
games two, three, and four, we had 15.5 stop 

blocks and we put a lot of pressure on them.”
Eberts got 14 more kills, an ace, six digs 

and six blocks. Ross showed nine kills, Brady 
got four, and both players matched Eberts 
with six blocks. The team collected good sta-
tistics across the board ending with 11 service 
aces to the Buckeyes’ five.

Unfortunately, the Tritons failed to ride the 
winning momentum and played a weak game 
against UCLA, losing with set scores 25-20, 
25-23 and 25-21. The Bruins showed a .346 
hits and nine blocks to the Tritons .207 and 
six blocks. 

“We did not pressure UCLA enough from 
the service line,” Ring said. “We passed okay 
at times, but we just did not have enough fire 
power. Win or lose, you just want to put a 
better performance on the court. We just did 

not feel that ‘hey this is ours, this is our game 
to win’ and it just wasn’t our night, we did not 
play well.”

Despite the loss, Eberts got 14 more kills 
as well as five digs and two blocks, Ross hit 
.556, got six kills, and showed only one error 
in nine attacks. Bannan served four aces, 
bringing the setter to 46 aces this season, 
eight short of breaking Eric Mai’s record of 
54 in 1997.  

The Tritons are setting off for a four-match 
set of away games against UC Santa Barbara, 
UCLA, Cal State Northridge, and Long Beach 
State. The team will be back at RIMAC Arena 
to host UC Irvine Saturday April 16 at 7 pm. 

Readers can contact Hanna Rahimi at hra-
himi@ucsd.edu.

Tritons Snap Ohio State’s 17-Match Win Streak, But Fall in Three Sets to No. 7 UCLA
▶ M. VOLLEYBALL, from page 12

“Having everyone contribute — that’s 
part of being a team championship,” 
McGihon said in an interview with the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “When I 
congratulated both Matt [Herman] and 
Nick [Korth] on their wins, by saying, 
‘you did it,’ both responded ‘no, we did it.’ 

You try to instill that emotion or philoso-
phy with your team and I feel this team 
responded to it this week.”

UCSD finished fourth in the 800 
free relay, with a team of Henley, Anjali 
Shakya, Emily Adamczyk and Anju 
Shimura. The 400 free relay team — 
consisting of Henley, Shimura, Katherine 

Tse and Olivia Fountain — took fifth 
place.

Like Henley, Adamcyzk competed in 
six events over the four-day meet,  the 
most of anyone on the team. She placed 
third in the 200 backstroke with a time 
of 2:14.28.

Sophomore Tyler Runsten took sec-
ond place in the three-meter diving final, 
and fifth in the one-meter event.

UCSD took fifth in the men’s 200 
free, with the team of Reid McCallum, 
Samuel Stromberg, Griffin Bracke and 
Blake Langland coming in at 1:21.80. 
The 400-medley team of Langland, 
Korth, Eric Owens and Adam Yen placed 
third with a time of 3:16.38.

Sophomore Adam Rice finished fifth 
with a time of 3:56.58 in the 400 indi-
vidual medley.

Additional Reporting by Tyler Nelson

Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@
ucsd.edu.

Twenty-Eight Swimmers and Divers Score Points as the Tritons 
Earn Their Best Combined Performance in Division II

▶ swiM, from page 12

duced several highlights. 
The Aztec Invite featured Texas A&M — the defending Division 

I champion in both men’s and women’s track and field — as well as 
several D-I schools including Wisconsin, Kansas State and UCLA. 
Despite the strong field, Fogarty emerged as the winner in the 200-
meter dash with a school record time of 23.74, narrowly beating 
out Lawreta Ozah of San Diego State. 

 Junior Caitlin Meagher recorded a provisional qualifier in the 
400-meter hurdles, finishing fifth with a time of 101:92 — good for 
fourth-best in school history.

Senior Jesse Morrill also notched a provisional qualifier, as he 
recorded the second-fastest time in school history with a 9:12.17 
in the 3000-meter steeplechase. Morrill placed second in the event.

Howe placed fifth in the javelin throw, improving to 204’1” 
after his throw the week before.

At the Point Loma meet, UCSD showed well in the jumps, with 
victories by Tu and Ka Wai Ng in the long jump and triple jump, 
respectively. Ng’s mark of 47’5.25” is good for third-best in school 
history.

The Tritons competed in the Cal/Nevada Collegiate 
Championships on March 26-27. Look for complete coverage in 
Thursday’s issue of The Guardian. 

Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@ucsd.edu.

Fogarty Breaks Her Own 
School Record to Win 200M
▶ TrAck, from page 12

UCSD got both the men’s and women’s team on the podium for the first time since 2005.
John hanacek/Guardian File



www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

SPORTS
MONDAY, MARCH 28, 2011

ContaCt the editor: sports@ucsdguardian.org

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

WOMEN’S WATER POLO
WOMEN’S TENNIS

BASEBALL
SOFTBALL

MEN’s VOLLEYBALL

4/1
4/1
3/31
4/1
4/1

VS Brown University
AT Sonoma State
AT Cal State L.A.
AT Hawaii Pacific Tournament
AT UCLA

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

By Liam Rose
Sports Editor

TRACK & FIELD — The UCSD track 
and field team took part in three meets 
on either side of finals week, earning sev-
eral outstanding performances against 
top-notch competition.

On March 12, the Tritons competed 
in the All-Cal Challenge Cup hosted 
by UC Irvine, with UC Santa Barbara 
and UC Riverside also taking part. The 
Tritons finished second on both the 
men’s and women’s side, with the men 
getting one of their best performances 
ever in the annual competition.

On the women’s side, senior Kelly 
Fogarty had another big day with vic-
tories in both the 100- and 200-meter 
dash. Her times of 11.77 and 23.98 were 
close to her school-record personal bests 
of 11.74 and 23.79, and are likely good 
enough to qualify her for the national 
meet at the end of the season. 

Fellow senior Stephanie LeFever also 
picked up a pair of wins, taking the long 
jump and the high jump with marks of 
19’0.75” and 5’5”, respectively. LeFever’s 
mark in the long jump is a NCAA provi-
sional qualifying mark.

Senior Theresa Richards also pro-
duced a provisional qualifier as she 
threw 145’7” in the javelin to easily win 
the event.

Overall, the Triton women finished 
with 171 points, falling only to UC Santa 
Barbara’s 193.5 points. 

On the men’s side, defending national 
champion Nick Howe threw 202’6” to 
blow away the field in the javelin throw 
and earn a provisional qualifying mark. 
Sophomore Shaun Tu won his first event 
as a Triton with a jump of 22’5” in the 
long jump.

The Tritons finished with 155.5 

points, taking second place, but well 
back of UCSB’s 220.5 points. 

On March 19, the UCSD squad split 
to go to two meets, with top athletes 
competing at the San Diego State Aztec 
Invitational and a handful of athletes at 
the Point Loma Spring Break Open. In 
total, only about one-third of the team 
was in action, but the Tritons still pro-

2011 NCAA DivisioN ii swimmiNg & DiviNg ChAmpioNships

Fogarty, UCSD traCk ContinUe 
SUCCeSS againSt top Competition

BY Liam Rose · spoRts editoR

Three TriTons win naTional TiTles 
as The Team comes home wiTh iTs 

besT eVer D-ii Finish.

See TrAck, page 11

Triton Volleyball 
Continues Up-and 
Down-Season

By Hanna Rahimi
Staff Writer

MEN’S VOLLEYBALL — The UCSD men’s volleyball team 
had mixed results in its last four matches, as a loss to No. 
1 University of Southern California marked a seven-game 
losing streak, but the squad snapped the streak with two 
upset wins against No. 11 Pepperdine and No. 3 Ohio State. 
But the team came out and was swept by No. 7 UCLA on 
Saturday, Mar. 26.

The match with USC saw set scores of 25-23, 28-26 and 

See M. VOLLEYBALL, page 11

Stephanie LeFever won both the high jump and long jump at the All-Cal Challenge Cup on March 12.

The Tritons ended a seven-match skid with upsets of No. 11 Pepperdine and No. 
3 Ohio State, but was swept by No. 7 UCLA.

John hanacek/Guardian File

School records fell left and right as the Tritons produced three national champions, but it was a team effort that highlighted the UCSD swimming and diving team’s campaign at 
the NCAA Division II Championships held in San 
Antonio, Texas from March 9-12. The men’s team 
placed second — its best finish ever in Division II — 
and the women’s team placed third for the ninth time 
in 11 years as the Tritons took home their best com-
bined team performance ever on the Division II level. 

“We really performed like I thought we would, and 
placed as high as we could have,” head coach Scott 
McGihon said. “Maybe we could have swam better in 
one or two events, but we still performed amazingly 
well.”

Junior Matt Herman turned in the Tritons’ first 
individual title on the first day of competition, win-
ning the 1000 freestyle in a school-record time of 
9:02.67.

Fellow junior Alex Henley added to the Tritons’ 
haul on the third day, successfully defending her title 
in the 200 butterfly. This was the third individual title 
of Henley’s career. Henley also finished second in the 
200 backstroke, just .24 seconds behind the winner. 

Herman continued his dominance of the distance 
events on the final day of competition, capturing the 
national title in the 1650 freestyle. Herman’s time 
of 15:12.78 is a new school record, and he also took 
fifth in the 500 freestyle. Freshman Nick Korth then 
finished the meet in a big way for the Tritons, taking 
home the national title in the 200 breaststroke with a 
school record time of 1:57.19. Korth also took fourth 
in the 100 breaststroke. 

But it was the team result that was the most impres-
sive from the Tritons. This was the first time since 
2005 that both the men’s and women’s team earned top 
three finishes. In total, 28 athletes scored points for the 
Tritons, either individually or as part of a relay team. 

inDiViDual champions

Nick koRth 
200 Breastsroke

matt heRmaN
1000 Freestlye and 

1650 Freestyle

aLex heNLeY 
200 ButterFly

Three oF The besT

School records broken

Individuals that scored 
points in the meet 

Individual titles 

National champions

bY The numbers

11

28

4

3
See swiM, page 11

The Tritons captured four individual titles by three different swimmers, with two of the titles coming on the last day of the meet.

John hanacek/Guardian File

Brian Yip/Guardian File


	032811NewsFINAL.pdf
	032811Opinion.pdf
	032811Calendar_PG6.pdf
	032811FocusREAL.pdf
	032811Classifieds_PG10.pdf
	032811Sports.pdf

