
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 15

IN THE MOOD FOR MUSIC. PAGE 7

A.S.ÊCOUNCIL

A.S. FAILS 
TO IMPEACH 
SENATOR FOR 
ABSENCES

BY REBECCA HORWITZ
Associate News Editor

A.S. Council attempted to 
impeach Marshall College Senator 
Summer Perez at its Nov. 2 meeting 
because she exceeded her unexcused 
absence limit. Her unexcused 
absences revealed gaping holes in the 
attendance policy. 

The impeachment failed, with 
councilmembers voting 17-9-1.

A.S. Council only allows three 
unexcused absences, and Perez had 
five. 

Three of the meetings Perez 
missed were all on Oct. 19. 
Council holds three meetings each 
Wednesday evening from 4 p.m. - 10 
p.m. If councilmembers miss all three 
meetings held on Wednesdays and 
do not excuse their absences, they 
will have used their three unexcused 
absences in one night.

Perez said she has been sick the 
past few months and she had her 
appendix removed last Thursday, 
Oct. 27. 

Similar issues with the attendance 
policy arose last year. The previous 
Arts and Humanities Senator Shunya 
Wade had 19.5 unexcused absences 
last year and A.S. Council spent 
an hour in closed session deciding 
whether or not Wade should be 
impeached. Her defense had been 
that she had class and had emailed 
someone from council earlier in the 
quarter, but she later found out she 
emailed the wrong person. She was 
not impeached. A.S. Council’s main 
issue with the attendance policy in the 
past was being able to hold members 
accountable for their absences. 

Perez said the attendance policy 
was a big issue discussed during 
the meeting. She said A.S. Council 
acknowledged that there were 
problems with the policy.

“It’s a little contradictory in my 
eyes — you would agree that the 
bylaws are broken — yet we’re still 
going to operate under them because 
they’re there,” Perez said.

Sixth College Senator Cody 
Marshall said that one of the biggest 
problems in the attendance policy 
is that there is no way to excuse 
absences retroactively. He used 
the example of a councilmember 
fainting due to low blood pressure 
on a Wednesday afternoon; the 

A.S. Council’s attempt to 
impeach Muir College 
Senator Summer Perez 
failed in a 17-9-1 vote.

See SENATOR,Êpage 3

Left: Students 
walk a tight rope 

on a sunny day in 
between Library 
Walk and Price 

Center on Thurs. 
Nov. 3.

 Right: A surfer 
enjoys some waves 

in Oceanside  on 
Tue. Nov. 1 just 

before this week’s 
storm.

JAVIER ARMSTRONG/GUARDIAN

CALM BEFORE 
THE STORM

BRIAN MONROE/GUARDIAN

SPOKENSPOKEN SURFÊREPORT
INSIDE

NIGHTÊWATCH MONDAY
Height: 5 ft.

Wind: 3-10 mph
Water Temp: 62 F

TUESDAY
Height: 3-5 ft.
Wind: 4 mph

Water Temp: 62 F

WEDNESDAY
Height: 3 ft.

Wind: 4-7 mph 
Water Temp: 62 F

THURSDAY
Height: 3 ft.

Wind: 2-5 mph 
Water Temp: 62 F

LOW

$3.66
Unbranded, Chula Vista
3733 Main St. & Mace St.
HIGH

$4.25
Shell, San Diego - West
3353 India St. & Vine St.

MONDAY
H 60 L 44

TUESDAY
H 63 L 46

GASÊPERÊGALLONSURFÊREPORTNIGHTÊWATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

WEDNESDAY
H 69 L 49

THURSDAY
H 67 L 52

BirdlandÊ.................................2
LightsÊ&ÊSirensÊ......................3
AtÊWitÕsÊEndÊ...........................4
LettersÊtoÊtheÊEditorÊ...............5
MoodÊMusicÊ..........................6
SudokuÊ..................................9
SportsÊ..................................12

MONDAY TUESDAY

It’s certainly not our intent to 
push anybody somewhere where 

they’re uncomfortable with it.”
GERT  LANCKRIET

Assistant Professor
UCSD Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering

“
WEDNESDAY THURSDAY

Heavy
Costs
forÊLow
Grades

FINANCIALÊAIDÊÊÊFEDERALÊLAWÊCHANGESÊFINANCIALÊAIDÊELIGIBILITY

New academic qualifications for 
federal financial aid students could affect 

over 70 percent of UCSD students.
BY NICOLE CHAN

Associate News Editor

Students who do not take 36 units a year and keep a minimum 2.0 GPA will lose their federally fund-ed financial aid, such as Pell Grants 
and Federal Loans, due to new federal 
regulations from the U.S. Department of 
Education.

Program Integrity 
Regulations, effective July 
1, 2011, are designed to 
ensure that only eligible stu-
dents receive aid, accord-
ing to the U.S. Department 
of Education website. The 

new law eliminates academic probation 
entirely. Previously, students with a GPA 
lower than 2.0 but at least 1.5 were placed 
on academic probation, an academic term 
in which students could raise their GPA to 
minimum requirements. 

Muir College Senator Elizabeth Garcia 
brought up the new law at the A.S. Council 
meeting on Nov. 2. Garcia, also a house 
advisor, was instructed to spread the news 
about the law by Muir College Assistant 

Dean of Student Affairs Ann Hawthorne.
“Before, to be eligible, you had to com-

plete the 36 units a year and keep a 2.0 
GPA,” Garcia said. “If you did below a 2.0 
GPA or didn’t finish the unit requirement, 
you would be placed on academic proba-
tion. Now if you fall below a 2.0 GPA or 
do not complete 36 units a year, you get 
no financial aid, period.”

In conjunction with the regulations, 
starting Nov. 1, all colleges that receive 
federal aid are required to put a net price 
calculator on their websites for prospec-
tive students. The calculators are intended 
to provide a close estimate of what stu-
dents will owe after need-based aid and 
merit-based aid are given.  

According to a document from the 
campus financial aid office released on 
June 28, 2011, the U.S. Department of 
Education requires that students must 
maintain “satisfactory academic progress” 
(SAP) standards in order to receive feder-

127
Dollar amount in 
millions of financial 
aid UCSD students 
received last year.

2.0
GPA students must 
maintain to secure 
federal financial aid.

15,808
UCSD students with 
federal financial aid.

OPINION
Check out 
an editorial 
on this new 
law in the 
next issue. 

See AID,Êpage 3

36
Number of units a 
student must take 
annually to receive 
financial aid.



TheÊ UCSDÊ GuardianÊ isÊ publishedÊ MondaysÊ andÊ
ThursdaysÊduringÊ theÊacademicÊyearÊbyÊUCSDÊstudentsÊ
andÊ forÊ theÊ UCSDÊ community.Ê ReproductionÊ ofÊ thisÊ
newspaperÊ inÊ anyÊ form,Ê whetherÊ inÊ wholeÊ orÊ inÊ part,Ê
withoutÊ permissionÊ isÊ strictlyÊ prohibited.Ê ©Ê 2011,Ê allÊ
rightsÊ reserved.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ notÊ responsibleÊ
forÊtheÊreturnÊofÊunsolicitedÊmanuscriptsÊorÊart.ÊTheÊviewsÊ
expressedÊhereinÊdoÊnotÊnecessarilyÊrepresentÊtheÊopin-
ionsÊofÊtheÊUCSDÊGuardian,ÊtheÊUniversityÊofÊCaliforniaÊorÊ
AssociatedÊStudents.ÊTheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ fundedÊbyÊ
advertising.ÊGuardianÊoutÊthereÊstrugglinÕ

GeneralÊEditorial:Ê858-534-6580Ê
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News:Ênews@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion:Êopinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports:Êsports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus:Êfocus@ucsdguardian.org
Leisure:Êleisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus:Êhiatus@ucsdguardian.orgÊ
Photo:Êphoto@ucsdguardian.org
Design:Êdesign@ucsdguardian.org

Art:Êart@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising:Ê858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax:Ê858-534-7035

Business Manager
EmilyÊKuÊ

Marketing & Advertising Director
BrandonÊKatzer

Webmaster
BryanÊSmith

Marketing Assistant
ChristineÊAlabastro

Advertising Design & Layout 
AlfredoÊH.ÊVilanoÊJr.
A.S.ÊGraphicÊStudioÊ

Distributor
AmandaÊKu

Page Layout
PraneetÊKolluru,ÊArielleÊSallai

AngelaÊChen

ArielleÊSallai
MargaretÊYau

LairaÊMartin

NicoleÊChan
RebeccaÊHorwitz

MargaretÊYau

MadelineÊMann

RachelÊUda

MinaÊNilchian

RenÊEbel

MonicaÊHaider

AndrewÊOh

JohnÊHanacek

PraneetÊKolluru

RebekahÊHwang

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate
Focus/Leisure Editor

Hiatus Editor

Copy Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Copy Reader
EmilyÊPham

HayleyÊBisceglia-Martin

MelodyÊChern

Development Editor

Design Program Director

2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

COMPILED BY NICOLE CHAN and REBECCA HORWITZ
associate news editors CURRENTS

UCSD SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA

▶UCSD alum and Google affiliate Ron Gorodetzky 
is working to integrate YouTube into Google+ by 
applying social networking aspects to YouTube. 
Gorodetzky has worked with news-sharing site 
Digg and co-founded video site Revision3 and 
Fflick, a site that combines movie comments on 
Twitter into movie recommendations.
 
▶Researchers from UCSD, the Sanford-Burnham 
Medical Research Institute in La Jolla and the 
University of Utah identified two genes that 
are responsible for congenital heart defects in 
individuals with Down syndrome. The results of 
the study were published in the Nov. 3 issue of 
PLoS Genetics.
 
▶The Village at Torrey Pines East received a 
Leadership in Energy & Environmental Design 
(LEED) Gold certification for its water and energy 
efficient features. The Village East is UCSD’s sixth 
building to achieve Gold certification.   

▶Local San Diego schools were awarded more 
than $300,000 in grants by The Jimmie Johnson 
Foundation, started by NASCAR champion driver 
Jimmie Johnson and his wife Chandra. More than 
80 schools in California, Oklahoma and North 
Carolina applied for the grant.
  
▶Julio Cesar Garcia, 22, from Valley Center was 
arrested Nov. 3 for taking thousands of pictures 
and videos revealing up the skirts of unknowing 
women and girls in local stores. Investigators 
found 2,100 images of women and girls that were 
taken by Garcia, many with his cell phone camera 
pointed up their skirts. According to Lt. Craig 
of the Escondido Police Department, authorities 
have identified approximately 100 victims, ranging 
between 15 and 30 years old, with one in her 60s.  

▶A woman found in the Mission Valley area was 
raped Nov. 5 when she tried to flag a car at 5050 
Texas St. at 7:45 p.m. A Caucasian man in his 30s 
took a knife to her throat and raped her. 
 

▶A woman crashed her car into a telephone 
pole in Silver Lake on the morning of Nov. 5. 
According to authorities, she died at the hospital 
shortly after the accident. The collision occurred 
near Riverside Drive and Gilroy Street at about 
3:15 a.m., according to Officer Robert Duke of the 
Los Angeles Police Department’s Central Traffic 
Division. Duke said the woman was traveling 
at a high rate of speed, but said there was no 
indication of intoxication.
 
▶Andrew Cervantes, 15, was sentenced Nov. 4 
to 40 years to life in prison for a fatal shooting 
he committed when he was 14. Cervantes, from 
Santa Ana, was tried as an adult and will begin his 
sentence at the California Youth Authority and 
will be transferred to state prison when he turns 
18. Cervantes is being charged with the death of 
Manuel Cervantes, 17.
 
▶Jose Velasquez Castillo, 41, died Saturday, Nov. 5 
when he fell into a swimming pool while mowing 
a lawn. Police are not sure how the Anaheim death 
occurred and the cause of death is unclear.

VILLAIN AND MONKEY By Nicole Oliver



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

Friday, Oct. 28
7:22 p.m.: Welfare Check
▶ A suspicious person appeared 
disoriented at the Gilman Parking 
Structure. Checks OK.
9:35 p.m.: Disturbance
▶ There was a barking dog at 
Central Mesa Apartments. Unable 
to Contact Owner(s).
 
Saturday, Oct. 29
1:15 a.m.: Welfare Check
▶ A student was arrested for public 
intoxication at Lot 103. Transported 
to Detox And Adult Citation Issued.
8:09 p.m.: Disturbance
▶ Loud yelling, thumping and a 
child crying were heard at Central 
Mesa Apartments. Checks OK.
10:15 p.m.: Possession of 
Marijuana
▶ The subject was found in 
possession of marijuana at the 
Matthews Apartments Field 
Interview administered.

Sunday, Oct. 30
1:16 a.m.: Traffic Stop
▶ A student who is a minor was 
arrested for driving on La Jolla 
Village Dr. with a blood alcohol 
level of 0.01% to 0.5%. Closed by 
Citation, Adult.
2:11 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶ A drugged person was raped at 
the Village East Building 1. Report 
Taken.
7:37 a.m.: Medical Aid
▶ A suspicious female was passed 
out in the Sixth College laundry 
room and she ran off when the 
Resident Advisor said medics and 
Police were en route. Unable to 
Locate.
 
Monday, Oct. 31
1:54 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶ Two students who were minors 
were arrested for consuming 
alcohol and intoxicated in public 
at OceanView Terrace. Two 

Transported to Detox/Two Adult 
Citations Issued.
9:40 a.m.: Medical Aid
▶ A young female at Ledden 
Auditorium was unable to walk. 
She was conscious and breathing. 
Transported to Hospital.
7:47 p.m.: Trespass
▶ A possible transient was going 
through the garbage at the Stein 
Clinical Research Building. Verbal 
Warning Issued.
 
Tuesday, Nov. 1
12:09 a.m.: Alcohol Contact
▶ There was alcohol contact at 
OceanView Terrace. Information 
only.
 
7:10 a.m.: Welfare Check
▶ A young male was hysterically 
crying on an MTS bus at the VA 
Hospital. Transported to UCSD 
Hillcrest Hospital.
 
Wednesday, Nov. 2
4:57 p.m.: Tampering with a 
vehicle
▶ There was a keyhole missing 
from the driver side door of a car 
located in Lot 702, nothing taken. 
Information only.
9:15 p.m.: Fire Alarm
▶ A fire alarm went off due to burnt 
food at Village East 1. False Alarm.

Thursday, Nov. 3
2:10 a.m.: Medical Aid
▶ A young male had a negative 
reaction to medication. He 
was conscious and breathing. 
Transported to Hospital.
8:47 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶ A victim’s vehicle was moved 
from its original parking spot at 
Rady School of Management. The 
parking permit was stolen. Report 
Taken.

— Compiled by Rebecca 
Horwitz and Nicole Chan

Associate News Editors

LIGHTS & SIRENS Limited Aid Available After Five Years of College

Council to Amend Senator’s Absences This Week

ally funded financial aid. Financial aid 
programs affected include Federal Pell 
Grants, Federal Perkins Loan, Federal 
Work Study, Federal Loans (subsi-
dized and unsubsidized), Cal Grant 
programs and university need-based 
aid.

In addition to GPA and unit 
requirements, the regulations also 
specify that students must graduate 
within a maximum of five years. 

Garcia said she believes the new 
law is directly affected by national 
budget concerns.

“I think this reflects on the entire 
[national] budget as a whole,” Garcia 
said. “The federal government doesn’t 
want to be giving money to students 
who aren’t doing well in school. It 
shows that the federal government is 
strained.”

In order for full-time students to 
receive financial aid, they must be 
enrolled in 36 units during the aca-
demic year. The 36-unit requirement 
is not limited to fall, winter and spring 
quarters. Students may also use units 
acquired through summer session. 

Full-time status requires students to 
be enrolled in a minimum of 12 units 
per quarter. 

Students must also maintain a 2.0 
GPA throughout the academic year. 
According to the document, although 
a student’s GPA may have met the 
standards at the end of the academic 
year, a drop in GPA below 2.0 during 
summer session affects the student’s 
eligibility status for financial aid for 
the following year.

“Most students get some sort of 
financial aid from UCSD,” Garcia said. 
“For a majority, it’s how they’re getting 
through college.”

According to UCOP Student 
Financial Support, 17,135 UCSD 
undergraduate students received 
federally funded financial aid in 
the 2010-11 academic year. This is 
approximately 70 percent of students. 

In 2009-10, approximately 57 per-
cent of UC undergraduate students 
received grants and scholarships from 
aid programs such as Pell Grant, 
Cal Grant and university programs, 
according to the website of the UC 
Office of the President.

If a student is denied financial aid 
because he does not meet the GPA or 
unit requirements, he can submit an 
appeal. Students must submit docu-
mentation of “exceptional” circum-
stances and complete an Academic 
Plan. “Exceptional” circumstances are 
not explicitly defined, but are at the 
discretion of the appeals committee. 
Under these conditions, the Financial 
Aid Satisfactory Progress Appeals 
Committee may grant a probationary 
period. Students cannot re-appeal if 
their appeal has been denied and are 
limited to one appeal during their 
time at UCSD. 

“It’s no surprise that college is dif-
ficult and challenging,” Garcia said. 
“[The new law] puts more pressure on 
students, now they don’t have that aca-
demic probation period. If they have 
a bad quarter, they have to deal with 
the results and appealing the decision.”

A representative from the Financial 
Aid Office could not be reached as of 
press time.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at 
n3chan@ucsd.edu.

▶ AID, from page 1

councilmember automatically has 
three unexcused absences and no way 
to formally excuse him after the fact.

“It’s flawed in the sense that there’s 
no strict criteria on what constitutes 
an excused absence and what doesn’t,” 
Marshall said. It’s just strange that 
even though on the council floor 
several members expressed that the 
attendance policy was broken, they 
were still willing to go forward and 

police people despite that. It’s like 
[the pot] calling the kettle black.”

There are several ways A.S. 
Council could have retroactively 
excused the absences. Council could 
postpone the matter indefinitely, or 
go back to the minutes and excuse the 
absences there. Perez said members 
of A.S. Council were not inclined to 
do either.

There is an item in the order of 
business for the next A.S. Council 

meeting on Oct. 9 calling for an 
approval of an amendment to the 
minutes of Oct. 19, excusing Perez 
from the Senate meeting, the All 
Campus Affairs Committee Meeting 
and the Council meeting.

“My only mistake in this whole 
situation was that I forgot to send an 
email,” Perez said.

Readers can contact Rebecca Horwitz 
at rawhorwit@ucsd.edu.

▶ ABSENCES, from page 1

 JOIN THE GUARDIAN
BECAUSE UCSD DOESN’T HAVE A JOURNALISM PROGRAM.  



OPINION
MARGARET YAU
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Last Tuesday, Bank of America announced that it would be dropping the debit card 
usage fee that it announced in October. The 
company was responding to an avalanche 
of criticism from its customers, as well as 
the announcements from competitors Wells 
Fargo and Chase that they would not be 
instituting similar debit usage fees as they 
had earlier planned. 
    The short-lived fee had been $5 for each 
month of debit card use. Only $5.

Bank of America had good reasons to 
implement the fee, but unfortunately, the fee’s 
critics are uninformed. In instituting the flat 
fee, the Bank of America was trying to do 
things in a way that banks aren’t particularly 
well-known for: transparency. 

The flat fee would have replaced — or at 
least mitigated — the fees that banks nor-
mally charge whenever a debit transaction 
occurs. Without the $5 fee, Bank of America 
will have to find other (sneakier) ways of 
keeping its profit margins intact. 

Today, in Facebook groups and Internet 
campaigns, Bank of America customers have 
tried to convince others to switch to smaller 
banks. Bank of America has been wise to lis-
ten to these warning tremors and back down 
with the fee.

Ultimately though, all this will do is make 
it harder for the customer to budget appro-
priately and save money — which was what 
the customers who signed the twitter peti-
tions and sent the email invites wanted to do 
in the first place. 

It’s a shame that a company that was try-
ing to make a difference in the way banking 
was done was called out and forced into back-
pedaling.

— AYAN KUSARI
Contributing Writer

Like a responsible 21-year-old, I recently lost my debit card. This is usually sort of a hassle 
for real people with adult concerns, 
like buying groceries and gas and two-
dollar wine. 

But in attempting to reclaim the 
card at my local Bank of America this 
week, I thought, why not try to turn 
lemons into spiked lemonade? The 
bank’s Sept. 29 announcement that it 
would begin to charge some custom-
ers $5 a month to use their debit card 
had been a PR nightmare of Netflix 
proportions; surely I could milk the 
vulnerable old place for free express 
shipping on a replacement card (or at 
least a card with a photo on it). 

The personal banker I spoke with 
tried to lighten the mood: must be 
partying a little too hard, losing your 
debit card on a Saturday night! All 
business, I reported that I had merely 
left it an ATM. I wore a button-down 
shirt that hopefully emphasized my 
serious adultness. The most valuable 
bank in the richest country in the 
world didn’t stand a chance against 
my wrinkled forehead.

Until, obviously, it did. I’m still 
waiting on the replacement, and the 
photo ID has always been free. But 
others have stronger powers of per-
suasion. Kristen Christian (her real 
name) is the 27-year-old mastermind 
behind Bank Transfer Day, a push to 
get big bank customers to move their 
money to local credit unions. 

As for Christian herself? She’s a 
27-year-old art gallery owner from 
Echo Park in L.A. — a description 
that, I am convinced, pales only to 
“graphic designer from Berlin” in hip-
ster cred. But she’s a hipster changing 
the world, which I personally consider 
preferable to the chain-smoking, 
Foucault-quoting variety. 

Christian chose Nov. 5 to align 
Bank Transfer Day with Guy Fawkes 
Day — a little piece of 17th century 
British history that, both shame-
fully and fittingly, proved a little too 
obscure for this history minor at first 
mention. (Reader’s digest version: the 
holiday’s about fireworks.)

While Christian’s initial inten-
tion was just to promote the event 
among 500 or so Facebook friends, it 
went viral in a big way: By Nov. 5, the 
event had attracted 85,000 attendees. 
I’d ordinarily be inclined to dismiss 
that as a strong showing of slacktiv-
ism, but that’s not the case. According 
to the Credit Union Association of 
America, some 650,000 customers 
have switched to credit unions since 
Bank of America announced its plan a 
month ago — a 700-percent increase 
in growth over the rest of the year.  

With all my persistence and eye-
brow raising, I feel a little tinge of 
slacktivist guilt for staying with Bank 
of America for the time being. The fee 
was called off on Nov. 1, and I’m still 
waiting on that shiny red card to come 
in the mail. Plus, with graduation a 
few months off, I’m reluctant to jump 
ship to a local credit union. 

Still, I feel empowered in knowing 
that a 20something’s Facebook rant 
has the power to shake things up (or 
spare us all an extra $5 a month.)

At Wit’s
   End
TREVOR COX

trevorcox@ucsd.edu

QUICK TAKES BANK OF AMERICA ANNOUNCED A NEW $5 MONTHLY DEBIT CARD USAGE FEE LAST MONTH, BUT CUSTOMER OUTRAGE CAUSED THE COMPANY TO RESCIND THE CHARGE ON NOV. 1.

On Tuesday, Bank of America announced that it will not follow through with its proposed 
$5 monthly debit card fee after weeks of vehement 
criticism from its customers. Wells Fargo and JP 
Morgan Chase planned to test similar debit fees in 
various local markets, a tactic they scrapped after 
witnessing the backlash Bank of America experi-
enced. Though the repeal is a drastic concession to 
consumers, whether Bank of America’s backpedal-
ing will win back customers remains to be seen.

According to executive director of the National 
Association of Consumer Advocates Ira Rheingold, 
Bank of America needs to put in a lot of work into 
winning back customer approval for their actions. 
Due to recent shady mortgage servicing practices 
in the past, he states that customers today are more 
inclined to notice unsavory business tactics.  

Bank of America has remained mum on how 
much money it would lose due to the proposed fee, 
but Wells Fargo and JP Morgan Chase have been 
more forthcoming with figures. They claim that 
they would have lost $250 and $300 million per 
quarter respectively. 

Some customers have already switched to other 
banks or credit unions and will not be returning, 
and Bank of America is not forthcoming with 
exactly how many customers have closed their 
accounts. Customers are willing to look for alterna-
tives to national banks and “Occupy Wall Street” 
and “Bank Transfer Day” are manifestations of that. 
Bank of America’s customer trust remains on a 
precarious perch and while they are backing down 
from debit fees they are planning to hike up other 
fees in a more subtle manner via checking account 
fees. While one act repairs trust, the other razes it.

Bank of America has avoided the debit fees but 
the damage has already been done. It’s uncertain 
whether Bank of America will recover from this 
pratfall or if this “too big to fail” bank set in motion 
its own dethroning.

— ALEKS LEVIN
Staff Writer

Bank of America’s decision to retract its $5 monthly fee was a smart move – and the only 
choice it could have sensibly made under the cir-
cumstances.

If the corporation had persisted with this 
charge, it would have lost all credibility with its 
customers. Prior to the move, hordes of angry 
customers petitioned the bank and threatened 
to close their accounts if their demands were not 
met. Saturday, Nov. 5 was even deemed “Bank 
Transfer Day” — a day when many customers 
agreed to transfer their accounts to smaller banks 
and credit unions that treat their customers better.

Bank of America is not alone in caving to cus-
tomer demands. In September, Netflix announced 
its intent to separate itself into two companies for 
DVD and streaming. A few months earlier, the 
company had announced that it would increase 
prices by 60 percent – two moves that cost the 
company 800,000 subscribers. Its once-loyal 
consumers have lambasted it — furthermore, 
its stocks have gone into free fall, and its market 
value has dropped 75 percent in the four months 
after its misstep. Since then, Netflix has rescinded 
its motion to create the DVD-by-mail subsidiary, 
Qwikster. This was a step in the right direc-
tion, and will undoubtedly help the company to 
recover from its rough patch. With competitors 
ready to nimbly pounce on every lost customer, 
it is paramount that corporations prioritize cus-
tomer needs.

Once one corporation commits a blunder, 
competition ups its ante. The ultimate goal is to 
retain customer trust in this never-ending battle, 
even if that means submitting to cumbersome 
consumer demands. Corporations need to show 
that they are not leviathans and that their ears are 
receptive to their customer base – so that they can 
boast of even having one, for that matter.

— HILARY LEE
Staff Writer

Response Shows Interest in Customers Fee Shows Transparency, not Greed

Over the course of the 2011-12 school year, select University of California faculty members will receive merit-based salary increases. UC President Mark Yudof announced this in his public statement as 
a way to attract more workers to the UC system and to reward those who have 
done great work. Those eligible to receive the salary increase include all non-
represented UC staff and faculty who earn less than $200,000 per year. The 
recipients have been chosen by peer evaluations, an evaluation policy that fails 
to acknowledge the input of those who actually sit and observe these educators 
for hours on end: the students.

With $500 million in budget cuts proposed by Gov. Jerry Brown this year, it 
is encouraging to see that the UC system is prioritizing educators as an impor-
tant investment. In Yudof ’s official statement regarding these merit increases, 
he insists that university quality cannot be compromised, a quality that rests 
on excellent professors and researchers. $140 million has been allotted to fund 
the program, with more than half set aside to reward non-academic staff. 
While the cost sounds steep, this amount is only half a percent of the 2011-12 
California higher education budget, and because the UC system employs over 
150,000 faculty and staff members, merit-based salary increases will be very 
selective. The budget is comprised of 18 percent state general funds, about 
20 percent is coming from student fees and other UC general funds with the 
remaining two thirds coming from other funds, including medical center rev-

enues and contract and grant funds, according to UC spokesperson Dianne 
Klein. These pay increases are important because educators are the core of this 
university system, and if California wants to keep the best professors around, 
the state must have competitive salaries.

Additionally, these raises cannot apply to anyone already earning at least 
$200,000 annually, which excludes all of senior management, including the 
advocate of the policy, Yudof. This is important, especially after the uproar over 
a $100,000 salary increase for San Diego State’s new president earlier this year.

According to Yudof, the merit pool will receive a 3-percent increase to 
their overall pay in order to both reward and retain staff. The selection process 
began on Oct. 1, and recipients who received the highest peer evaluations now 
receive fatter checks in the mail. As of now, there is no indication of when the 
next wave of raises will be rewarded — staffers have no rewards system to work 
towards if they don’t recieve a pay raise this time around. This year, UCSD lost 
three top scientists and researchers to Rice University due to competitive sala-
ries. If these merit-based raises do not occur at least once or twice a decade, the 
UC system is bound to continue losing top educators to competitive wages.

The basis of these peer evaluations, as described by Yudof, focuses on a 
professor’s quality of teaching, research and overall service to the school. These 

Merit-Based Raises

See EVALUATIONS,Êpage 5

Merit-basedÊsalaryÊincreasesÊforÊUCÊfacultyÊmayÊhelpÊretainÊfacultyÊinÊtheÊcomingÊyears,ÊbutÊtheÊevaluationsÊusedÊtoÊ
identifyÊmeritÊlackÊaÊkeyÊcomponentÊÑÊstudentÊvoice.ÊBy Madeline Mann • Associate Opinion Editor

JEFFREY LAU/GUARDIAN

ComplainÊLikeÊ
aÊSlacktivist,Ê
ProtestÊLikeÊaÊ
HipsterÊ

It is Too Late to Repair the Damage



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

AZUSA   |   HIGH DESERT   |   INLAND EMPIRE   |   LOS ANGELES   |   MURRIETA
ORANGE COUNTY   |   SAN DIEGO   |    VENTURA COUNTY   |   ONLINE

(800) 825-5278
www.apu.edu/explore/education
graduatecenter@apu.edu 

Call
Click
Email

Earn your degree in education
in 12 –18 months at APU.

With more than 36 credential and master’s degree
opportunities, we’re confident we have a program
for you.

APU offers:
• Convenient classes at 8 Southern California locations 

and online.
• Programs in teaching, counseling, physical education, 

and administration.
• NCATE-accredited programs recognized by all 50 

states and internationally.
12921

Classes start five times throughout the year. 
Contact us today!

Darin Curtis, M.A. ’95
Tierra del Sol Middle School
2011 California Teacher of 
the Year

are undoubtedly important criterion, but students arguably 
have more insight to a professor’s quality of teaching than a 
faculty peer. Not only do students constantly interact with 
the professors, but they are the consumers who are paying 
for the education — their feedback should hold high atten-
tion. Thus, surveys like CAPE should be considered when 
choosing recipients. To ensure that all students give input 
about their professors, students should be required to fill 
out evaluations in class, which is already a strategy imple-
mented by the Making of the Modern World program. A 
wider spectrum of specific questions are asked in MMW 
sections to best determine how well their TAs are perform-
ing in different areas, and also encourages students to 
explain their reasoning behind their responses. 

The UC system is known first and foremost for its 
impeccable education, with more academic departments 
ranked in the top 10 nationally than any other public or 

private university. The UC system has 57 Nobel laureates 
on staff, as well as professors who are not only talented in 
their area of research, but who are also able to effectively 
transfer that knowledge to hundreds of students. Therefore, 
great importance should be placed on the way professors 
conduct themselves in a lecture hall. No matter the reason 
why a student chooses a professor, students know when 
they’ve got an impressive professor whose legacy is based 
on their ability to command a room and love of teaching. 

Faculty peers, on the other hand, may lack the insight to 
assess the majority of their peers in a lecture setting. This 
may lead to favoritism of professors who do great research 
— a quality that can be judged purely on paper. Meanwhile, 
great lecturers may go unnoticed due to the unattractive 
time commitment that goes into observing a professor in 
action. Without a student component in professor evalua-
tions, a well-rounded perspective is impossible to achieve.   

Readers can contact Madeline Mann at memann@ucsd.edu

▶ EVALUATIONS, fromÊpageÊ4

Peer Evaluations of Professors Lack Student Insight

QUITE FRANKLY By Lior Schenk LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

Dear Editor,
I am writing in response to your 

article about the UCSD Parking and 
Transportation crisis.  Neither the 
front page nor the editorial men-
tioned the fact that the million-dollar 
deficits are largely due to the main 
campus being held responsible for 
rebuilding a parking structure at the 
UCSD Hillcrest hospital. I knew this 
from reading the Guardian last year. 

I personally think it is disgusting 
that a financially solvent hospital 
has found a way to get broke college 
students to foot the bill for a park-
ing garage that sits 12 miles from 
campus. Other hospitals are able to 
afford their own parking garages, and 
Hillcrest should be responsible for 
their own structures. 

If students are going to pay 
more for parking and in citations to 
subsidize a garage, it should be for 
a garage on campus that they will 
use. I am appalled that the Guardian 
decided to let that little detail slide 
and let students think that their high-
ly-exorbitant parking fees left their 
busing service millions of dollars in 
debt.  Parking and Transportation 
know it is a lot easier to sell increased 
fees for student buses than for hos-
pital parking — students, don’t let 
them get away with it!

—Kenyon Applebee
Post-doc, Kavli Institute 

Dear Editor,
Concerning Re: Revelations of 

sexual misconduct lodged against 
Herman Cain: Let’s lay off this man, 
no pun intended. 

Who are these women and what 
exactly is their claim to shame? 
Sounds like monkey business to me. 
Where is Senator Gary Hart when 
we need him? 

I have heard this song before 
and it stinks. Why does our culture 
have this fixation with John Paul 
The Great when in reality we have 
little concept of moral issues? 

I am a liberal Democrat and I 
call them as I see them. Let’s stop 
the sexual hypocrisy and tackle 
important issues like avoiding 
single motherhood. Remember, it’s 
supposed to be a choice, folks. 

—Daniel J. Smiechowski
San Diego Resident

Hospital Costs Took 
from Student Fees

Sexual Conduct Claims 
Unfounded

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

OPINION
APPLY TODAY.  APPLICATIONS AT UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG. 



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

FOCUS
MINA NILCHIAN
focus@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

features

W hen it comes to recommending music, there’s one thing that Pandora and Spotify can’t do: read your mind. But Gert Lanckriet, assistant professor at UCSD’s Department of Electrical and Computer 
Engineering, is developing an application that does exactly that.

“We want this device here to be zero click,” Lanckriet said about 
the application he’s been working on since 2009. “It plays the right 
music we want to hear right now without even asking me any type 
of questions.”

Like the perfect best friend you never had, the app will be able to 
tell you’re still hurting from that breakup — and find the best tunes 
to soundtrack your wallowing. 

But the application’s mind-reading capabilities won’t be so 
mysterious; it will utilize smartphone components like the camera, 
the microphone and the GPS system to analyze characteristics like 
voice inflection, typing speed and location to tag the user’s mood 
and surroundings and match those tags with music. 

Lanckriet has already developed the algorithm for one step of 
the complex process: labeling music without having to actually 
listen to the songs.

“We have algorithms to automatically tag music,” Lanckriet said, 
describing a  program he already designed back in 2005, that can 
automatically identify what characteristics a particular song has. 
“Music is a one-dimensional wave form. You feed that in the com-
puter and it says rock, dance, guitar. If someone wants to listen to 

romantic jazz with saxophone and male vocals, we can actually find 
music and we can find those songs with those tags.”

He’s tagged over 10,000 songs, and with access to more music 
catalogues, he could potentially tag the millions of songs available 
online in places like Spotify and Myspace. He’s even developed a 
Facebook game to help him speed up the process: “Herdit,” a game 
in which users describe the music they’re listening to. Over time, 
“Herdit” will compile the most popular adjectives used to describe 
songs so Lanckriet can add the tags to his database of music. 

For the next component of his project — being able to identify 
what a person is feeling — Lanckriet found an unlikely (but conve-
nient) collaborator: UCSD’s own medical school.

Even though the med school was working on its own portable 
mood detection software, Lanckriet did not actually contact the 
medical school itself. 

“It was a coincidence that it happened,” Lanckriet said. “I was 
introduced to them through somebody. They actually had a grant 
proposal from NIH to use accelerometers and GPS signals to try to 
predict the energy expenditures for medical patients.”

 Lanckriet’s team and the med school have two totally different 
goals in mind, but both parties want to find a way to detect some-
one’s mood and activity easily through a phone application, and 
each of the groups provides skills the other lacks.

Through the med school, Lanckriet can find out what detailed 
characteristics of a person’s behavior can be associated with which 

moods, and he can develop algorithms to place a tag on things like 
voice inflections and typing speed, which would then be matched 
up with musical tags.

It works well for both of them; certain components of the soft-
ware that Lanckriet’s working on could be utilized by doctors whose 
patients need to be closely monitored.

The music recommendation project has attracted big names 
like Google, Yahoo, Qualcomm and IBM, all of whom intend to 
work with Lanckriet and fund his project. He’s also received fund-
ing from the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes 
of Health, the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Hellman Family 
Foundation. Lanckriet predicts that a basic app will be well under 
way by June 2012.

Not all of the attention has been positive. Some are concerned 
with the privacy issues that would arise out of the application, with 
many disconcerted by the possibility of third parties (like advertis-
ers) knowing someone’s mood and location and exploiting that 
information.

“On one side I completely understand that people have a cer-
tain reservation about this in terms of privacy,” Lanckriet said. “It’s 
certainly not our intent to push anybody somewhere where they’re 
uncomfortable with it. We’re initially just going to work with that 
opt-in crowd.”

moodmood
By Mina Nilchian • Focus Editor 
muslcmuslc

As if you needed another reason to be attached to 
your smartphone, engineers at UCSD are 
working on an application that will provide 
the right soundtrack to your mood. 

COURTESY OF JACOBS SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING

See MUSIC page 7



Lanckriet insists that his main concern is finishing the development 
of the software, but he also predicts that people will be less worried 
about the privacy issues once they see what the app can do for them.

“If you look at Facebook there’s constantly a discussion about how 
they invade our privacy, but over time a lot of people do subscribe to it 
because they see the value of it,” Lanckriet said.

He’s also enlisted the help of undergraduates to start developing 
simple application interfaces to host the algorithms.

“To show you that we’re very serious about this right now I’m work-
ing with a group of undergrads where basically every student is design-
ing an app that will do this,” Lanckriet said. 

Lanckriet himself doesn’t identify as an “audiophile” (“I can barely 
remember names of songs,” he admitted) but it was the social aspect of 
music that inspired him to take on creating this application.

“At a student barbecue six years ago I met two students over a keg of 
beer,” Lanckriet said. “They needed a drummer for their band. I played 
drums, another guy played banjo and we were making music out of the 
blue. I thought, if you upload this to Myspace nobody’s gonna listen to 
it.”

That’s when he thought of giving people a simple way of finding 
music other than what usually plays on the radio, without asking listen-
ers to make any sort of extra specifications.

While there is some merit to the privacy issues presented by his 
opponents (it is pretty creepy to think that your iPhone might be able to 
figure out how you really feel about your ex’s new girlfriend), Lanckriet 
is sure the streamlined and intuitive nature of the program may over-
ride the concerns. Not to mention, when you ask for music recom-
mendations, it’ll be nice to know that at least someone knows you don’t 
appreciate dubstep.

Readers can contact Mina Nilchian at mnilchia@ucsd.edu.

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

COMPETITIVE SCHOLARSHIPS FORSCIENCE & CHEMICAL ENGINEERING

Programs offering scholarships include:• Applied Mathematics and Computational Science (AMCS)• Bioscience (B)• Chemical and Biological Engineering (CBE)• Chemical Science (ChemS)• Computer Science (CS)• Earth Science and Engineering (ErSE)• Electrical Engineering (EE)• Environmental Science and Engineering (EnSE)• Marine Science (MarSE)• Materials Science and Engineering (MSE) • Mechanical Engineering (ME)

Master’s and PhD students will benefit from the extensive scholarship package that includes:• Full tuition• Monthly living allowance• Housing• Relocation support• Health and dental insuranceEligible students may apply immediately for MS/PhDprograms starting in September 2012.For complete information & details visit: www.kaust.edu.saEmail: admissions@kaust.edu.saPhone: +966 (2) 808-3428/9

    We want this device here to 
be zero click. It plays the right 
music we want to hear right now 
without even asking me any type 
of questions.

"
- Gert Lanckriet

NICOLE OLIVER/GUARDIAN

Engineer Creating a Mood 
Reading Application
▶ MUSIC fromÊpageÊ6



8 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  7 ,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

CAMPUS 11.07-11.13
CALENDAR

IMAGINE
DRAGONS @

THE LOFT • 9pm

THU11.10

MON11.07
4pm
SEMINAR: “ASIAN CONCERNS RELATED 
TO GLOBAL RE-BALANCING: 
PERPECTIVES FROM THE 
PHILIPPINES.”- MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM
Mr. Francis G. Estrada, Chairman of the 
Board of Trustees at De La Salle University 
in the Philippines, will be a special guest 
lecturer for EmPac. This very intriguing talk 
focuses on severe global economic 
imbalances. 

Rosalie Fanshel: (858) 822-3103, 
rzfanshel@ucsd.edu

9pm
BITCHY BINGO- THE LOFT

What do you get when you combine Bingo 
games and a drag show??? Bitchy Bingo is 
here!!!! The lovely ladies of Lips are back 
this quarter, to add some desperately 
needed fabulosity to your life. Come join us 
for an evening of fun, laughter, games and 
entertainment that is sure to make you 
LOL.

THU11.10
4pm
VISITING ARTIST LECTURE: JEFFREY 
VALLANCE - VISUAL ARTS FACILITY
Jeffrey Vallance's work blurs the lines 
between object making, installation, 
performance, curating and writing. Critics 
have described his work as an indefinable 
cross-pollination of many disciplines. For 
research, Vallance has often traveled to 
meet with appropriate officials in the field. 
Often an installation is exhibited in a 
site-specific museum location. 

8pm
GET BACK AT IT: FUNDRAISER AND 
SNOW MOVIES - PRICE CENTER 
THEATER
Come out to PC Theater and check out the 
double premiere of Red Bull's new winter 
sport movies! Come watch Travis Rice's 
'The Art of Flight' and Tanner Hall's 
'Retallack'. This is a fund raising event for 
the High Fives Foundation and the CR 
Johnson Foundation - both foundations 
exist to help athletes who have suffered a 
life altering spinal cord or traumatic brain 
injury rehabilitate and recover, and to help 
keep them active in the sports which they 
have a passion for. With the help and 
support of High Fives and CRJ, athletes like 
Landon McGauley are given the 
encouragement that they need to achieve 
their goals through winter adaptive sports. 
Presented by Outback Adventures at UC San 
Diego.

9pm
IMAGINE DRAGONS- THE LOFT
Combining synth-laden rock and infectious 
dance grooves, Imagine Dragons comes off 
both anthemic and eccentric. By way of 
Vegas, the quintet brings the restless 
energy of “the city that never sleeps” to the 
masses with its 2010 sophomore EP “Hell 
and Silence.” A short, yet impressive history 
includes sharing the stage with indie 
notables Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic 
Zeros, Nico Vega and The Envy Corps and 
opening for mainstream acts such as Blue 
October, Jet, and Kelly Clarkson.

SAT11.12
2pm & 8pm
THE DYBBUK (MAT)- THEODORE & ADELE SHANK 
THEATRE
Khonen falls in love with Leah, but when her father 
finds a more wealthy suitor, he drops dead of sorrow. 
At his gravesite, Leah becomes possessed by a 
Dybbuk, a spirit intent on righting past wrongs. A 
re-imagined classic from the Yiddish theatre. Box 
Office: (858) 534-4574, tdpromo@ucsd.edu 

1pm
UCSD DANCE MARATHON PRESENTED BY THE 
PANHELLENIC ASSOCIATION - THE LOFT AT UC SAN 
DIEGO
Welcome to UC San Diego's Dance Marathon 2011! 
The Panhellenic Association at UC San Diego, is 
sponsoring this event, which will take place on 
November 12, 2011 at The Loft at UC San Diego. 
UCSD's Dance Marathon is a 12-hour long dance event 
in which individuals or groups of 4-6 people each 
dance for 12 hours straight to raise money for a 
non-profit charity. Circle of Sisterhood creates 
scholarships for women in need around the world who 
suffer from poverty and/or oppression. We hope that 
you join us by signing up to participate, donating 
money, or buying a a t-shirt. All proceeds will go 
directly towards Circle of Sisterhood and a young 
woman's education. phcservice@ucsd.edu. 
661-313-3318

TUE 11.08
2pm
LOL (LOFT OUT LOUD) WITH THE HINGES- THE 
LOFT

Appearing monthly at The Loft this season will be 
much loved San Diego improv group, The Hinges, 
fresh from their winning of the Audience Choice 
Award at 9th Annual Los Angeles Improv Comedy 
Festival this year. Shea Kopp: (949) 887-5978, 
skopp@ucsd.edu 

4pm
FACULTY RESEARCH AWARD LECTURE
Featuring Professor Marcel Hénaff with a talk titled 
“An Economy in Crisis—A Crisis of Civilization: 
Anthropological Perspectives on Money, Debt and 
Time,” and Professor Nicholas Spitzer who will speak 
on “The Changing Brain: How the Environment 
Switches Neurotransmitters and Behavior. (858) 
534-8497, artpower@ucsd.edu

8pm
HOT BUTTERED RUM WITH GREENSKY 
BLUEGRASS AT UCSD - PORTER'S PUB

UCSD: got banjo? With two of the hottest nationally 
touring bluegrass bands to reach UCSD, Hot Buttered 
Rum and Greensky Bluegrass, there'll be plenty of 
mandolin, fiddle, banjo and more this Tuesday night 
at Porter's Pub. Great food and drink specials, bison 
burgers and vegetarian delights abound. Special 
UCSD student performance by Brent Wong and 
Friends. And, UCSD Students with valid ID are FREE. 
Contact: 858-822-2068

WED11.09
4pm
PROFESSOR UNSCRIPTED: BREAKING THE BOTTLE 
HABIT- THE LOFT
Can't get off the bottle? Join us and Professor Milton 
Saier as we discuss the harmful effects that plastic 
bottles have on the environment and find creative 
solutions to address this issue. Sandra Duran: (818) 
389-3899, sendsandraduranmail@gmail.com

5pm
MADE IN INDIA: A FILM ABOUT SURROGACY - 
GARREN AUDITORIUM, SOM 
'Reproductive Tourism' is a trade valued at more than 
$450 million in India, and it's quickly growing. Infertile 
couples need pay only a quarter of the domestic costs 
for the same surrogacy services overseas. Currently, 
there are no actual laws that govern surrogacy in India - 
only suggested guidelines. However, this international 
market continues to grow without regulation or 
protection. Join us Wednesday, November 9th at 5:00 
PM in the Garren Auditorium (Basic Science Building, 
School of Medicine) for a thoughtful night of film and 
panel discussion: Michael Caligiuri - Dept. of Psychiatry, 
Cathy Gere - Dept. of History, Kalindi Vora - Dept. of 
Ethnic Studies. Sponsored by the Student Society for 
Medical Ethics, a registered UCSD student organization.

FRI11.11
2:30pm
BIRCH AQUARIUM AT SCRIPPS- TIDEPOOLING 
ADVENTURES- BIRCH AQUARIUM AT THE SCRIPPS 
INSTITUTION OF OCEANOGRAPHY, DIKE ROCK 

Visit a local tide pool to learn how these amazing 
habitats and their inhabitants truly survive Education 
Department: (858) 534-7336, aquariuminfo@ucsd.edu 

10:30pm
MAKE A WISH ON 11/11/11 - WARREN LAWN 
ACROSS EARL'S 
Warren College Student Council would like to invite you 
to a wishing ceremony on 11/11/11! Write your wish on 
luminaria to light the path of Warren! Food and drinks 
provided. This date only comes every hundred years! 
Don't miss your chance for the most epic wish you will 
ever make!

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
get

listed...
get

listed...
get

every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  7 ,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

HOUSING
$1200- Studio Near Windansea Beach in La 
Jolla. Furnished studio condo only 1 block 
from world famous Windansea Beach in 
beautiful La Jolla!! This condo is extreme-
ly functional and comfortable with great, 
friendly neighbors. Comes completely fur-
nished including a washer & dryer. Brand 
new desk, desk lamp, kitchen table, couch, 
bookcase, etc. Close to bus stop and res-
taurants and other conveniences. Short or 
long-term rental available. Water & trash pick 
up included. Elevator on property. Ocean 
view complex! Cats and other smalls animals 
ok - sorry, no dogs allowed. Lease - 6 months 
to a year: $1,200 a month. Lease - month to 
month: $1,350 a month. If interested, please 
email or call 619-566-5554. Reply online at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds to Listing ID: 
13618858

Avalon at Cortez Hill - Apartments in San 
Diego, CA Conveniently located at 1399 Ninth 
Avenue between Ash and A Street in San 
Diego, Avalon at Cortez Hill is easily reached 
by highways 5, 94, and 163, or by any of 
the major roads servicing the downtown 
area. Avalon at Cortez Hill offers a variety of 
living arrangements to accommodate your 
needs, from a studio, or a one-bedroom, to 
a two-bedroom double master apartment. 
Take advantage of our swimming pool and 
spa, fitness center, business center, full ser-
vice salon, deli, convenience mart, tennis 
courts, and laundry facilities -- all located 
right on the premises. -- If you’re looking to 
rent an apartment in San Diego, but want 
to live in the lap of luxury, then you’ve come 
to the right place. Avalon at Cortez Hill has 
beautiful apartments in the heart of San 
Diego, close to everything you need to enjoy 

crossword
living in Southern California. The apartments 
themselves are stunning and the charming 
San Diego neighborhood has so much to 
offer you. Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds to Listing ID: 13624817

$450- Costa Verde Sublet - We are looking for 
a female sublet for the month of November. 
The sublet will share a master bedroom with 
a clean, friendly, and courteous UCSD stu-
dent. Price: $450; dates and price negotiable. 
Location: Costa Verde Apartments, easy trans-
portation and access to grocery stores, UTC 
mall, and UCSD. Amenities: Free gym, pool, 
jacuzzi, internet, utilities included, laundry, 
patio, parking. Reply online at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds to Listing ID: 13769351

River Run Village - If you’re looking for a 
central location and a great price.....River Run 
Village is where you want to live. Our prime 
location puts you within walking distance 
of shopping, dining and entertainment in 
the heart of Mission Valley. Thoughtfully 
designed floorplans and attractive ameni-
ties make River Run Village a great place to 
live at a comfortable price! Our responsive 
staff will take good care of you! Come visit us 
today! Please call for our Fantastic Specials!!! 
Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
to Listing ID: 13600386

ROOMMATES
$500- Two rooms/shared bathrooms- Mira 
Mesa house has two bedrooms, both with 
shared bathrooms available to rent!! $500 
monthly rent including utilities (water, gas/
electric, high-speed/wireless Internet, cable 
TV and washer/dryer) $500 deposit. No pets, 
drugs or smoking please! The bedrooms are 

madeoorrddmadedmadeeert your vision,our mission.
The Associated Students Store

Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

the
guardian is
hiring!

WRITING | PHOTOGRAPHY | LAYOUT | DESIGN | ADVERTISING

P I C K  U P  A  C O P Y  O N  N E W S  S TA N D S  E V E R Y  M O N D AY  &  T H U R S D AY !

COPY READING ART | ILLUSTRATION | MARKETING | GRAPHICS

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT
ucsdguardian.org/jobs.

read between the lines.

i

QUESTIONS? EMAIL jobs@ucsdguardian.org?

ACROSS
1 Like 20 Questions questions
6 Put together, as a book
10 Ratchets (up)
14 Halloween option
15 Over, in Germany
16 Loughlin of “90210”
17 Last resort actions
20 Celery pieces
21 Icy space streakers
22 “The way I see it,” in online shorthand
24 Sorrow
25 __ moment: sudden realization
26 Vote against
27 2009 Clooney/Streep film based on a Roald 

Dahl book
31 Display ostentatiously
32 Landlord’s contract
33 Holler
34 “__ the season to be jolly ...”
35 Soccer moms’ transports
39 Malia Obama’s sister
42 Gripe and grouse
44 Scrunchie, e.g.
47 “One Day __ Time”
48 Pull a scam on
49 Dali display, say
50 Biblical beast
51 Abandon on an island
53 Giorgio known for snazzy suits
55 Kitschy lawn ornament
59 Peru’s capital
60 Message passed in class
61 Like some gases
62 Posing no challenge
63 Glittery rock style typified by David Bowie
64 Lymphatic tissue masses

DOWN
1 Since Jan. 1, on a financial report
2 Botch something up
3 Like corn and apples
4 Condé __ Publications
5 From Canada’s capital
6 Water carrier
7 PCs from Big Blue
8 Maiden name lead-in
9 Old Greek coin
10 Former student
11 Rita who shouted “Hey you guys!” on “The 

Electric Company”
12 Before the state’s cut, as income
13 Actress Spacek
18 Words of defeat
19 Flies in the clouds
22 Uncertain
23 Masculine
25 Top poker pair
28 Oklahoma oil city
29 Hipbone-related
30 Flu symptom
34 Like a fine line
36 Reached, as goals
37 Mark Harmon military TV drama
38 Women
40 Fancy scarf
41 Saint Stephen’s punishment for blasphemy
42 Destiny
43 A, B, C, D, E, or K
44 And others: Latin
45 ‘80s-’90s Anaheim Stadium NFL team
46 Apollo Theater site
47 More than enough
52 “The Star-Spangled Banner” start
53 Mennen shaving lotion
54 El __: climate pattern
56 KFC’s Sanders, e.g.
57 Univ. sr.’s exam
58 NBA tiebreakers

roughly 10x10, has a wall length closet. Full 
sized bed and/or small couch (turns into full 
bed) available for use. The rooms are located 
upstairs and downstairs (in a Single Family 
Home, with total of 5 bedrooms and 3 bath-
rooms). Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds to Listing ID: 13465066

FOR SALE
$850- Fender 59 Bassman Reissue - Fender 59 
Bassman Reissue, ex + cond, home use only, 
always covered, tweed, original owner 10 yrs 
old, great amp, must sell. $850.00 909-982-
2964 .See item listed at http://www.recycler.
com Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds to Listing ID: 13764417

JOBS
iPhone Game Coder & Graphic Designer. My 
job requirements are that you are able to 
work with is 2d isometric, objective c and 
xcode for my current project. I am looking 
for a programmer and designer, these are the 
skills of each I am looking for:Programmer 
- objective C, Cocoa, iphone, ipad, xcode. 
Designer - photoshop, graphic design, 2d 3d, 
maya, 3ds max, modeling, animation. I would 
like to see your prior work and apps you have 
created. Reply online at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds to Listing ID: 13580103

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !

YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com POST FOR FREE AT

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !
O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,
O R  B OT H !

YES YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ CLASSIFIEDS

PEOPLE

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

 STILL READ



10 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  7 ,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

goals in the first quarter.
“As a team our defense was solid. The 

main thing though, I was pretty pleased 
with how we controlled the match from 
early on,” head coach Denny Harper 
said in an interview with UCSD athletics 
representatives.

Senior goalkeeper David Morton — a 
cornerstone of the Triton defense this 
season — made 10 saves for UCSD on 
the night. 

Ending the quarter with a 3-1 lead 
after a tremendous save from Morton, 
the Triton goalkeeper recorded another 
big block to start the second quarter. But 
the Mustangs brought the game to within 
one after Santa Clara’s Matt Kochalko 
pounded the ball into the net, putting the 
score at 3-2.

UCSD maintained the lead in the sec-
ond quarter with a long-range goal from 
David Higginson, followed by goals from 
sophomore Lukas Skya, freshman Joe 
Dietrich and senior Chris Barton.

Up 7-2 at the end of the first half, the 
Tritons extended their lead, not letting 
the Mustangs any closer than four points 
throughout the remainder of the game.

On Sunday, the Tritons faced No. 1 
UCLA in their last home game of the 
regular season. The Tritons also honored 
their four graduating seniors: Graham 
Saber, William Brown, Matt Kerchner and 
Morton.

Morton will leave the school as the 
record-holder for most career saves, 
recording 1,021 in his four years playing 
for UCSD.

Unfortunately, the Tritons didn’t have 
enough to overcome top-ranked UCLA.

“I thought we put forward a great 
effort, much better than the last time 
we had a top team here,” Harper said.   
“I thought we really made UCLA work 
throughout the entire game. They knew 
they couldn’t really let their guard down 
and I’m pleased that we competed.”

UCLA scored the first three goals with 
less than 7:30 minutes on the clock. But 
the Tritons kept the pressure on, and took 
one back with just over a minute and a 
half left in the quarter, bringing the score 
to 3-1.

The Bruins continued to outscore the 
Tritons in the following periods, although 
Morton did well to deny UCLA on nine 
attempts. 

The Tritons will have one more match 
before their postseason, against UC Irvine 
on Wednesday, Nov. 9. 

“We’ll use the Irvine game as a prepa-
ration game to catapult us into the WWPA 
[Championships],” Harper said.

UCSD will then prepare for the 
WWPA Championships, going into the 
tournament with the second seed on Nov. 
17 - 20, to be hosted at Canyonview Pool.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@
ucsd.edu

TritonÊWaterÊPoloÊTopsÊNo.Ê14ÊSantaÊClaraÊ14-7,ÊFallsÊtoÊNo.Ê1ÊUCLAÊ9-4
▶ M. WATER POLO, fromÊpageÊ12

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE
The UCSD Men’s Water Polo team split their weekend matches, beating No. 14 Santa Clara on Friday, Nov. 4, before losing to No1 1 UCLA on 
Sunday, Nov. 6.



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  7 ,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  11

Looking for a great pharmacy school?

Look no 
further than 

the University of
Michigan.

Meet some alumni of California universities who recently enrolled 
as University of Michigan PharmD students. 1. Financial support unequalled by any

other U.S. pharmacy school.
2. Outstanding pay.
3. Job security in economically uncertain

times.
4. Unlimited opportunities to improve

people’s lives.
5. Unparalleled career choices.
6. Continuous growth potential.
7. Life and career mobility.

8. The prestige of owning a degree from
one of America’s top-ranked pharmacy
schools.

9. Membership in an influential alumni
network spanning the globe.

10. The power to apply medical knowl-
edge at the forefront of technological 
innovation.

11. Small class size to maximize individual-
ized educational experiences.

12. One-to-one learning with world-
renowned faculty.

Every year, UCSD graduates choose the PharmD Program at the Universityof Michigan College of Pharmacy. In fact, nearly 20 percent of ourPharmD enrollment is comprised of alumni from California universities. 
What accounts for Michigan’s popularity among Golden Staters? First, 

we are consistently ranked among America’s top pharmacy schools. Secondly,
we consider a lot more than GPA and PCAT scores when evaluating your
application.

Earn your bachelor’s degree at UCSD, and then earn your PharmD at U-M.
That’s what many UCSD students do every year.

To learn more about the PharmD Program at Michigan, visit our Web site at
www.umich.edu/~pharmacy. Or contact the College of Pharmacy at 734-764-7312 or
at mich.pharm.admissions@umich.edu.

Still looking for a reason to make Michigan your pharmacy school? Consider these:

Your future never looked brighter.

errors.
Brunsting collected her 1,000th 

assist of her career, with 17 in 
the game as well as 14 points and 
eight kills, while Freidenberg led 
the team with 10 kills, hitting .409.

On Saturday, the Tritons played 
unranked Humboldt State (5-15) at 
RIMAC. 

The game scores are mislead-
ing, with 24-26, 14-25 and 27-29 
suggesting a tight match against 
veteran opposition, but the Tritons 
looked slightly battered from their 
game against Sonoma, doing only 
the absolute minimum to squeak 
past the Lumberjacks.

Coach Luyties fielded a number 
of freshmen in the campaign, but 
was forced to replace the under-
classmen with his veterans every 
time a court full of freshmen fell 
flat. Condon pounded in 12 kills 

and 14 points, while Williamson 
posted 14 kills and 15 points. The 
leading assists came once more 
from Brunsting with 21 and fresh-
man Amber Hawthorne with 22.

This week No. 17 UCSD travels 

to play the undefeated No. 2 Cal 
State San Bernardino Coyotes on 
Saturday, Nov. 9.

Readers can contact Nick Howe at 
nshowe@ucsd.edu

WomenÕsÊVolleyballÊWinsÊTheirÊNinthÊStraight
▶ W. VOLLEYBALL, fromÊpageÊ12

“[Cal State Stanislaus] came out giv-
ing everything and we just weren’t ready.” 
       The Tritons regrouped in the second half 
but weren’t able to put one away until the 
85th minute. Junior defender Hayley Johnson 
crossed the ball from the left to find fresh-
man midfielder Cassie Callahan. Knocking 
the ball around in the 18-yard box, Callahan 
found McTigue, who headed the ball into 
score.

“[Demery] got around us in the back,” said 
Armstrong. “And with her speed, once she 
gets past you, you really can’t catch up to her.” 
       With a lot of momentum, the Tritons 
looked dangerous at the end of the match, but 
UCSD was unable to equalize.

The loss marks the third consecutive time 
UCSD has been knocked out of the CCAA 
Championships in the semifinal round.     

On the other side of the bracket, third-
seeded Chico State took a 1-0 win from 
second-seeded Cal State Los Angeles.

On Sunday, the two bottom seeds, Cal 
State Stanislaus and Chico State, fought 
for the conference championship, with 
the Warriors beating the Wildcats 4-0 
for their first conference title in pro-
gram history. With the win, Stanislaus 
is also guaranteed a berth in the NCAA 
National tournament.

Fortunately, the loss is only the second 
for the Tritons this season. Since UCSD is 
still ranked No. 1 in the West Region, the 
Tritons have clinched a national tourna-
ment berth, along with fellow CCAA 
opponent Cal State Los Angeles and Cal 
State Stanislaus. 

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@
ucsd.edu

TritonsÊFallÊinÊtheÊCCAAÊSemifinals,Ê2-1
▶ W. SOCCER, fromÊpageÊ12

BY NICK HOWE
Associate Sports Editor

 
CROSS COUNTRY — The Triton 
Men’s and Women’s Cross Country 
teams competed in the rainy NCAA 
Western Regionals in Spokane, 
Washington this weekend. 

Although a week ago the two 
teams posted third and fourth place 
finishes, Regionals proved too much 
for the Tritons as the women came 
in eighth and the men’s team fin-
ished in ninth. With three of the 
top finishing schools, fellow CCAA 
opponents, the Tritons were well 
prepared for high-level competition.

The top performer for the Tritons 
on the women’s side was sopho-
more Chia Chang, who finished 
eighth overall with a pace of 5:50.1 
per mile, just 15 seconds slower 
than the champion competing for 
Anchorage Alaska, Ruth Keino — a 
native of Kapcheno, Kenya. Alaska 
Anchorage took the women’s side 
with four runners finishing in the 
top eight.

Coach Nate “Ronald” Garcia 
was happy with the women’s per-
formance, which showed significant 
improvement from last year.

“That’s all that you can hope for 
[going into a meet],” Garcia said.

On the men’s side, junior Matt 
Lenehan led the Triton men with a 
mile pace of 5:15.6, good for 37th 
overall in a field of 111 athletes. 
Lenehan was closely followed by 
seniors John Svet and Alex Corliss, 
and junior Kellen Levy — all coming 
within several seconds of Lenehan. 

Alaska Anchorage won on the 
men’s side as well, with team leader 
Micah Chelimo who ran a quick 
30:19. He was closely followed by 
fellow Kenyans, Alfred and Issac 
Kangogo, in fourth and 11th. 

The Tritons were happy to have 
improved their times from last year, 
overcoming adversity in the rain 
to compete well and make it to the 
next level. 

UCSD will look to improve in 
the following year with a roster 
filled with young runners — dur-
ing the pre-season training many 
returning athletes were cut in favor 
of younger freshmen athletes with 
more talent. The very young team 
this year will only improve in the 
years to come.

The fact that this young team did 
so well speaks to the effective coach-
ing of Garcia. Garcia’s gamble in 
cutting his seniors may have seemed 
unfair in the beginning of the sea-
son, but now seems like it is starting 
to pay off.

With returning All-American 
Chia Chang only a sophomore and 
many fast freshmen finishing in the 
top half of the field at nationals, 
look for the Triton women to have a 
exceptional season next year.

Readers can contact Nick Howe at 
nshowe@ucsd.edu

Men’s Cross Country Finish 
Ninth, Women Eighth

BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN

“The first half was 
the worst 45 
minutes of soccer 
we’ve played all 
season. [Cal State 
Stanislaus] came 
out giving every-
thing and we just 
weren’t ready.”

BRIAN MCMANUS
UCSD Women’s Soccer,

HEAD COACH

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  7 ,  2011 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

BY NICK HOWE
Associate Sports Editor

On Friday, the UCSD Women’s Volleyball team took one of its most com-
manding wins of the season against 
No. 23 Sonoma State.

While the Seawolves are ranked 
lower nationally than UCSD, they 
have a better CCAA record (16-2) 
than the Tritons (13-4), and much 
of their success has been due to 
the offensive strength of Seawolf 
freshman Kelsey Hull, who had 11 
kills and 30 spikes even in their loss 
against UCSD.

The Tritons dug themselves into 
a hole in game one, quickly falling 
behind by three on a handful of 
errors. However, they rallied back to 
tie the game at eight on a kill from 
senior Roxanne Brunsting, just as 
the Seawolves started to show the 
first signs of weakness by commit-
ting several errors in a row after two 
massive Hull kills.

Hull rallied her own team and 
pulled ahead by four, which put the 
Tritons on their heels and forced 
head coach Ricci Luyties to call a 
time out. 

The Tritons came out guns blaz-
ing and fought tooth and nail to 
tie the game once more at 19 on a 
Seawolf serving error, taking the 
lead 20-19 off another Brunsting 
kill. Brunsting continued to lead her 
team down the home stretch as she 
picked up three kills and an excel-
lent serve that was handled poorly 
by the Seawolves, allowing freshman 
Sara McCutchan the game-winning 
kill.

Game two also saw the Tritons 
trailing at the start, as they com-
mitted errors to hand the lead to 
the Seawolves and failed to force an 
error from their opposition. Again, 

Luyties called a timeout, with the 
score at 3-8 in favor of Sonoma 
State.

Senior Hillary Williamson and 
Brunsting came out of the timeout 
strong, taking a kill and a block to 
set the tempo. The Tritons marched 
back to tie the game at 11, thanks 
to a service ace by freshman Lauren 
Demos and a brilliant block on the 
part of senior Julia Freidenberg that 
tamed Hall’s attack.

Brunsting and senior Katie 
Condon led a defensive drive to 
keep the game close until they were 
faced with several Hull kills, leading 
to another timeout. 

Coach Luyties said that this was 
the most important call of the game.

“It was key for the comeback, it 
would have been a different situa-
tion if we let them in, let them get a 
game,” Luyties said.

The timeout got the Tritons back 
on track, as Condon came out with 
two kills and a smoking service ace, 
while Brunsting had several blocks 
and a handful of kills to take the 
game 26-24.

In game three, Freidenberg put 
on a clinic, taking the demoralized 
Seawolves for point after point.

Hull and Sonoma senior Keala 
Peterson, who had nine kills and 
40 spikes, kept up a good fight — 
but the Seawolves couldn’t keep it 
together and committed 10 errors 
to give the game and the match to 
the Tritons.

Errors won and lost the match, 
with the Seawolves besting the 
Tritons in kills (40-36) and assists 
(40-31), but faltering and commit-
ting 34 errors to the Tritons’ 17. 
Thankfully for UCSD, the Tritons’ 
offensive pressure forced the 
Seawolves into a number of bad 

See W. VOLLEYBALL,Êpage 11

BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

MEN’S WATER POLO — The 
Tritons finished their regular sea-
son this Friday, with a 14-7 win 
against Santa Clara before drop-
ping 9-4 to UCLA in a non-confer-
ence matchup.

On Friday, Nov. 4 against No. 14 
Santa Clara, the Tritons played well 
on both sides of the pool, setting 
the pace early on by netting three 

Tritons 
Split Their 
Weekend 
Matches

See M. WATER POLO,Êpage 10

Top-Seeded UCSD Drops the Ball in the CCAA Semifinals
BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

 
WOMEN’S SOCCER — In just its 
second loss of the 2011 campaign, 
the UCSD Women’s Soccer team 
was knocked out of the CCAA 
Championships in the first round 
against last-seeded Cal State 
Stanislaus.

On Friday, Nov. 4 the Tritons 
took a 2-1 loss against the 
Warriors, a squad that barely 
qualified over Sonoma State for 
the last remaining spot.

“We came out a little lackadai-
sical in the first half, and we paid 
for it,” senior goalkeeper Kristin 
Armstrong said. 

Although the Tritons — argu-
ably the most dangerous set-piece 
finishers in the conference — 
were awarded five corner kicks 

within the first 16 minutes, they 
were unable to score. In the 17th 
minute, Cal State Stanislaus took 
advantage, as the Warriors’ Liz 
Scherrer floated a cross into 
the box that got caught in the 

wind and 
angled into 
the goal. 
       “We had 
too many 
p e o p l e 
m a r k i n g 
[ K a r e n e e 
D e m e r y ] , 
and not 

enough people on the ball,” 
Armstrong said. “When she 
crossed it, the ball got caught in 
the wind and I just mistimed it.”

Up 1-0, UCSD looked for revi-
talization from the bench, replac-
ing its forwards and wingers in 

search of offense. But the Tritons 
were unable to find the net before 
Cal State Stanislaus’ two All-team 
selections, junior Alexia Poon 
and sophomore Karenee Demery, 
connected to score. 

In the 41st minute, Poon 
cut her way through the Triton 
midfield to play Demery behind 
UCSD’s backline. Demery ran 
onto the ball and chipped it over 
Armstrong to score her 12th 
goal of the season, putting the 
Warriors up 2-0 at the end of the 
half. 

“The first half was the 
worst 45 minutes of soccer 
we’ve played all season,” head 
coach Brian McManus said in 
an interview with CCAA rep-
resentatives after the match. 

See W. SOCCER,Êpage 11

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE
On Friday, Nov. 4, the Tritons were eliminated in the 
semifinals of the CCAA Championships.

W. SOCCER
Pick up the 
Guardian on 
Thursday, 11/10 
for a preview of 
the NCAA National 
Tournament.

Block Party
WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL

#6 LIZZY ANDREWS: 5.5
Saw limited playing time, as she was brought on and 
o� the court o�en, but had two solid digs.
#4 ROXANNE BRUNSTING: 9.5
Recorded her 1000th career assist, provided great 
hustle and eight kills.
#14 KATIE CONDON: 8.5
Led from the back and provided great hustle and 
determination throughout the game.
#10 LAUREN DEMOS: 8
Had a good kill in game three as well as several key 
serves. Committed a few errors, but came up with big 
blocks against Hull.

#32 AMBER HAWTHORNE: 8
Provided defense for the Tritons, also recorded a 
double-double with 14 assists and 10 digs.
#22 SARA MCCUTCHAN: 7
Did well to record the match-winning serve, as well as 
a handful of blocks.
#2 JANESSA WERHANE: 8.5
Had one of her best serving games of the season, and 
led the team with 20 digs.
#5 HILLARY WILLIAMSON: 7.5
�e hardest hitter for the Tritons, but froze up and 
failed to record a few saves in the backline. Otherwise, 
was instrumental in the win.

BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN
The UCSD Women’s Volleyball team took a come-from-behind win against No. 23 Sonoma State on Friday, Nov. 4, while also sweeping unranked 
Humboldt State on Saturday, Nov. 5.

Senior Roxanne Brunsting picked up her 1000th career assist as the Tritons took two wins against 
Sonoma and Humboldt this weekend.

OVERHEARD  AT THE GAME

Freidenberg, taking out the trash!”
— CRAIG ELSTEN

UCSD ANNOUNCER

WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL

PLAYER RATINGS
UCSD VS. SONOMA STATE  |  NOV. 4, 2011


	110711NewsREAL
	110711OpinionREAL
	110711Focus
	110711_CALENDAR_Pg8
	110711_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg9
	110711SportsREAL



