
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 19

INSIDE
monday

Height: 3-5 ft.
Wind: 1-10 mph

Water Temp: 62 F

Tuesday
Height: 4-5 ft.
Wind: 4-6 mph

Water Temp: 62 F

Wednesday
Height: 2-4 ft.
Wind: 2-6 mph 

Water Temp: 62 F

Thursday
Height: 2-6 ft.

Wind: 2-11 mph 
Water Temp: 62 F

LOw

$3.49
Beach side station, Imperial Beach
681 CA-75 & Palm Ave. & 7th St.

HIGH

$4.33
Valero, Coronado
400 Orange Ave & 4th St.

monday
H 61 L 46

Tuesday
H 65 L 47

GAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

Wednesday
H 63 L 52

Thursday
H 59 L 50

Birdland .................................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
At Wit’s End ...........................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Best of San Diego .................6
Sudoku ..................................9
Sports ..................................12

monday Tuesday

Every hour we spent working out 
paid off today.”

John Butler
UCSD Men’s Water Polo Junior Utility

PAGE 12
“

Wednesday Thursday

SURF REPORT

By LAIRA MARTIN
Associate News Editor

  Less than two weeks after police brutal-
ity at a UC Berkeley protest made national 
headlines, footage of UC Davis police pepper 
spraying students on Nov. 18 has gone viral. 
Police used military-grade pepper spray point-

blank on several students 
who were peacefully pro-
testing in solidarity with the 
“Occupy Cal” movement. 
Both incidents of UC police 
brutality were provoked 
when students disobeyed 
the “no encampment” rule. 

“I am appalled by images of University of 
California students being doused with pepper 
spray and jabbed with police batons on our 
campuses,” UC President Mark G. Yudof said 
in a statement released on Nov. 20. “I intend 
to do everything in my power as president 
of this university to protect the rights of our 
students, faculty and staff to engage in non-
violent protest.”

According to UC Davis junior Lien Do, 
students in the quad had their arms linked 
peacefully when police began to pepper spray 
several students in the face, including Do.

“The police pushed me to the side and 
when the police started pepper spraying I 
tried to jump in to cover [students] with my 
jacket and I got pepper sprayed,” Do said. “I 
did not get as badly pepper sprayed as [other 
protesters] but my lips and arm were burning 
the whole next day.”

According to an article in the Los Angeles 
Times, two of the UC Davis police officers 
who was involved in the incident, including 
Lt. John Pike, have since been placed on paid 
administrative leave. 

UC Davis Chancellor Linda Katehi has 
launched an investigation concerning last 
Friday’s events. Despite pressure from the 
UC community to resign, Katehi has publicly 
stated that she will not do so.

“I do not think that I have violated the 
policies of the institution,” she wrote in a state-
ment.

In the statement released yesterday, Yudof 
stated that he will take immediate action in 
response to the campus protests.

“As I have said before, free speech is part 
of the DNA of this university, and non-violent 
protest has long been central to our history,” 
he said. “I implore students who wish to dem-
onstrate to do so in a peaceful and lawful 
fashion. I expect campus authorities to honor 
that right.” 

Readers can contact Laira Martin at lairamar-
tin@ucsd.edu.

DAVIS POLICE 
PEPPER SPRAY 
STUDENT 
PROTESTERS

STUDENT PROTEST

UC President Mark G. Yudof 
vows to convene chancellors 
to discuss problems with on-
campus law enforcement. 

By JAVIER ARMSTRONG
Staff Writer

People for the Elimination of Animal Cruelty 
Through Education, a student organization 
founded in December 2009, is petitioning for 
more vegan dining options at UCSD dining 
facilities. 

According to PEACE founder Alisha Utter, 
the organization gathered over 2,000 signatures 
on a spring 2010 petition, and has since gathered 
an additional 2,000 signatures on its fall 2011 
petition. 

After compiling both petitions, PEACE met 
with university dietician Becky McDivitt and 
Dining Facilities Executive Chef Vaughn Vargus 
to discuss the feasibility of adding more vegan 
dining options.

“We compiled countless vegan recipes that 
were feasible for large-scale production and 

mailed them to [McDivitt],” Utter said. 
McDivitt and Vargus were eager to address 

the group’s concerns after the spring 2010 meet-
ing, Utter said, but no changes have been made 
since the group met with them again this fall. 
As a result, PEACE is still waiting on Housing, 
Dining and Hospitality to move forward.

UCSD spokesperson Christine Clark declined 
to comment on the delay, but stated that UCSD 
was recognized as one of the most vegan-friendly 
colleges in the country by PETA this month. 

Utter said that this ranking is misleading.
“This ranking is a result of misinforma-

tion being distributed by UCSD dining ser-
vices,” Utter said. “A majority of the items on 
the Internet list entitled ‘Eating a Vegan Diet at 
UCSD’ [which PETA used for its ranking] do not 
even exist or are not vegan. I have since gotten 

Group Petitions for More Vegan Dining Options
HOUSINg AND DININg

See VEGAN, page 3

By SARAh KANG
Staff Writer

Over 3,000 students attended the first annual Hullabaloo festival on Friday, Nov. 18.  
This number is based on the number 

of wristbands distributed since there is no 
official count, said Associate Vice President 
of A.S. Concerts and Events Oliver Zhang. 
In comparison, over 5,600 students turned 
out last year for FallFest, UCSD’s traditional 
Fall Quarter event that Hullabaloo has since 
replaced. 

Due to budget cuts, A.S. Council cut the 
FallFest budget from $135,000 to $62,500. 
ASCE then decided to rename and rebrand 
the event so students would not be disap-

pointed by a financially restricted FallFest. 
Unlike FallFest, which centered around 
music performers, Hullabaloo focused on 
creating a carnival atmosphere with rides 
and food trucks.

“Regardless of the budget cut, we would 
have had to reinvent FallFest anyways,” 
Zhang said. “Going through this experience 
and dealing with such a drastic budget cut 
for what’s usually our second largest event of 
the year … has prepared our staff — espe-
cially the festivals team — to create an even 
better Sun God in the future.”

Elizabeth, a junior who wished to remain 
anonymous, said that she found the event 
more enjoyable than FallFest, but was still 

CAMPUS LIFE

3,000 TURN OUT FOR 
HULLABALOO

See HULLABALOO, page 3

ERic NyE/Guardian

Play It By Ear

The Cataracs performed in the Price 
Center Ballrooms A & B on Nov. 16 
(top). Grammy nominee Miguel 
Zenon played at the Loft during his 
Nov. 17 concert (bottom). 

oPInIon
Police violence 
is distracting 
from the 
movement itself. 
PAGE 4.

pHOTO cOURTESy OF KATiE LAiRD

pHOTOS By ANDREW OH/Guardian



The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
by advertising. If you can’t work in the Guardian, work 
IN the Guardian.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: focus@ucsdguardian.org

Leisure: leisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

Advertising & Marketing Assistants
Christine Alabastro 

Christine Doo 
Shilpa Sharma

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Nathan Toung, Janet Hseuh, Arielle Sallai, Angela Chen

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Angela Chen

Nicole Chan
Rebecca Horwitz

Laira Martin

Margaret Yau

Madeline Mann

Rachel Uda

Nicholas Howe

Mina Nilchian

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Monica Haider
Emily Pham

Andrew Oh

Nolan Thomas

Nathan Toung

Rebekah Hwang

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Leisure Editor

Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin

Melody Chern

Development Editor

Design Program Director

2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .

g e t  i n f o r m e d . . .

new, bold look!

visit

birdland By Rebekah Dyer

villain and monkey By Nicole Oliver

COMPILED BY Rebecca Horwitz | associate news editorCURRENTS

UCSD SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA

▶Two graduate students from the Jacobs 
School of Engineering have started the Jacobs 
Undergraduate Mentoring Program. The program, 
which brings together 10 graduate students and 60 
undergraduate students, is a partnership between 
the IDEA Student Center and the Jacobs Graduate 
Student Council.

▶Researcher at the UCSD Autism Center of 
Excellence found that brain overgrowth in boys 
with autism is associated with an abnormal, excess 
amount of neurons in areas related to social 
communication and cognitive development. The 
results of the study, which was led by Professor 
of Neurosciences Eric Corchesne, were published 
Nov. 9 by the Journal of the American Medical 
Society.

▶Executive Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Suresh Subramani announced Nov. 18 that UCSD 
is planning to hire 125 to 130 faculty within 
the next three years. The proposal is part of the 
university’s strategic plan to focus in key research 
areas of biology, design and energy over the next 
10 to 15 years.

▶Four football players from Castle Park High 
School in Chula Vista have been accused of 
sexually assaulting another teammate as part of an 
initiation after practice. The victim was sexually 
assaulted with a foreign object.

▶Umoya, a 21-year-old elephant at the San 
Diego Zoo, died on Nov. 17. She was found the 
morning of Nov. 16 with severe injuries and 
unable to stand. The zoo staff believe Umoya 
had an aggressive interaction with another 
elephant. Animal rights organization ‘In Defense 
of Animals’ has asked the U.S. Department of 
Agriculture to investigate the circumstances of 
the death and why none of the staff were aware of 
Umoya’s injuries until the morning of Nov. 16.

▶A dead 50-foot fin whale washed ashore near the 
Point Loma Waste Treatment Plant in an isolated 
area of the beach. It has not yet decomposed, so 
authorities have estimated that it has not been 
dead for a long period of time. Fin whales are 
on the U.S. Endangered Species List and are the 
second largest living animal. Nine animals have 
washed ashore in San Diego over the last 15 years. 

▶ A transgender woman prostitute was fatally shot 
the night of Nov. 17 in Hollywood. The suspect 
is believed to be the same man who attempted an 
armed robbery on a transgender woman in West 
Hollywood less than an hour later. 

▶ In December, Riverside County is planning to 
charge inmates at local jails up to $142 per day 
to reimburse the county. County Supervisor Jeff 
Stone said that although most inmates would not 
be able to pay, the revenue from the 25 percent 
he believes can do so could bring in $6 million a 
year. Under state law, a judge must first determine 
if a defendant has the ability to pay the county. A 
convicted criminal who spends six months in jail 
could have to pay more than $25,000 for his stay.

▶  A man was arrested for carrying a loaded gun 
in his bag at Sacramento International Airport 
Nov. 19. Transportation Security Administration 
officials saw the .40 caliber Glock G23 when the 
man’s carry-on baggage went through X-rays 
at a security checkpoint. According to TSA 
spokesperson Ann Davis, the man said he forgot 
the gun was in his bag.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

REPORTBIAS.UCSD.EDU
Promote a safe and tolerant community at UC San Diego
by reporting bias-motivated incidents.

UC San Diego is committed to the highest standards of civility and decency toward all 
persons, as re�ected in our Principles of Community. Together, we can work to create a 
welcoming and inclusive climate for the bene�t of all UC San Diego community members.

You may report bias incidents or other acts of intolerance to 

reportbias.ucsd.edu
(858) 534-BIAS (2427) • ophd@ucsd.edu
In case of emergency, contact the UC San Diego Police at (858) 534-HELP (4357).

ReportBias.UCSD.edu

BE THE
VOICE

Festival at Town Square Featured Food Trucks, Carnival Rides, Musicians

Group Waiting on Response from Housing and Dining Dept.

LIGHTS & SIRENS

Thursday, Nov. 10
1:18 p.m.: Medical aid
The subject at Biomedical Sciences 
Building was having an “allergic 
reaction to a rat bite” and had 
trouble breathing. Transported to 
hospital.
9:47 p.m.: Welfare check
Someone at RIMAC was making 
“suicidal threats.” Transported to 
hospital.
 
Friday, Nov. 11
12:58 a.m.: Drunk in public
The police issued five adult citations 
for underage drinking to one male 
and four females at Lot 504. Five 
adult citations issued.  
10:11 a.m.: Disturbance
Roommates were having a “verbal 
argument” at Regents Road. Field 
interview administered.
11:26 a.m.: Hazard situation
The caller at Regents Road heard 
a “hissing sound” and smelled gas 
after moving a barbeque grill. Caller 
turned off gas.
 
Saturday, Nov. 12
12:20 a.m.: Suspicious person
An unemployed man was drunk 
and collecting recyclables without 
authorization at Plaza Café. Closed 
by adult arrest/’stay away’ order 
issued.
1:55 a.m.: Information
Someone at Stein Clinical Research 
“splashed [an] eyeball with 
hazardous cells.” Referred to other 
agency.
2:37 a.m.: Disturbance
A group was “climbing all over 
shuttles” at Lot 705. Information 
only.
10:35 p.m.: Drunk in public
A male was in the street by the 
Gilman Information Booth 
mooning drivers. Gone on arrival.
 
Sunday, Nov. 13
2:14 a.m.: Disturbance

A drunk male was being a vandal 
and not cooperating with an officer 
at The Village Building 4. Closed by 
adult arrest.

Monday, Nov. 14
1:47 a.m.: Noise disturbance
People were running at Argo Hall. 
Quiet on arrival.
10:40 a.m.: Information
A large group “carrying flags” 
was gathering at the intersection 
of Gilman Drive and Myers 
Drive. Checks OK. Affiliated with 
International Week.
8:00 a.m.- 3:45 p.m.: Grand theft
A bicycle worth $1,200 was stolen 
at Engineering Building I in Warren 
College. Online report submitted.
 
Tuesday, Nov. 15
12:24 a.m.: Disturbance
An adult male refused to leave 
Porter’s Pub and threw rocks at the 
pub. Closed by adult arrest.
4:54 a.m.: Welfare check
An intoxicated adult male was 
found by the Blacks Beach gate. 
Transported to detox.
8:46 a.m.: Welfare check
An elderly adult male was 
“wandering around campus.” Unable 
to locate.
2:07 p.m.: Possible remains found
The police found an “old jacket 
and linens only” at North Mesa 
Apartments. Information only.
9:57 p.m.: Preserve the peace
An estranged husband and wife 
were “exchanging property” at 1 
Miramar Building 4. Information 
only.
 
Wednesday, Nov. 16
2:45 p.m.: Collision with injury
A bicyclist crashed into a tree by the 
Supercomputer Center. Transported 
to hospital.

— Compiled by Sarah Kang 
Staff Writer

disappointed by the rides.
“I kind of arrived there pretty late because I was try-

ing to avoid the crowds,” she said. “When I got there, I got 
signed in and got my wristband, and I was trying to get 
on the zipper ride, but the cut-off point was 10:30. I was 
really disappointed because the event was supposed to end 
at midnight.”

Musicians and DJs such as Felix Cartal, Jokers of the 
Scene and DJ Philly performed at the concert at Town 
Square. 

Food trucks such as Corner Cupcakes, Flippin Pizza, 
Tabe BBQ and Super Q were open throughout the night.

“I felt like I wasn’t able to experience the whole 
experience of Hullabaloo,” Elizabeth said. “I didn’t enjoy 
the music, not that I don’t like that kind of music … it 
was just that the DJ was a bad DJ. The [food] was pretty 
expensive … I liked it more than FallFest just because it 
offered the carnival ride experience, but the cut-off was 

too early.”
Eleanor Roosevelt College freshman Krystal Tse, who 

arrived at Hullabaloo at around 6 p.m., said the festival 
compared favorably to her experience at Marshallpalooza 
— an annual event hosted by Thurgood Marshall Student 
Council which took place the day before, on Nov. 17.

“Compared to [Marshallpalooza], there weren’t that 
many rides, but the music was better than yesterday’s,” 
Tse said.

The festival staff did not run into any safety prob-
lems, and Zhang said administrators have been support-
ive of the event.

“That really cements the fact that there’s going to 
be a lot of support for the event next year,” Zhang said. 
“And I think there’s a lot of room to expand out, so I’m 
really excited that the next year’s staff can carry it on and 
improve upon the festival.”

Readers can contact Sarah Kang at sak019@ucsd.edu.

in touch with PETA to update them on the reality of the 
lack of vegan options at UCSD.”

Utter said she is also concerned about the labeling 
process used for menus.

“When proper labeling is not incorporated, the staff is 
informed of ingredients by the chefs, who are informed 
of ingredients by the executive chef,” Utter said. “I don’t 
want to base my diet on a game of telephone.”

PEACE hopes that this initial request for proper 
labeling will be a first step toward expanding and 
improving plant-based foods available on campus, Utter 
said. 

A Housing, Dining and Hospitality representative 
could not be reached for comment as of press time.

Readers can contact Javier Armstrong at jarmstr@ucsd.
edu.

▶ HULLABALOO, from page 1

We compiled countless 
vegan recipes that were 
feasible for large-scale 
production and mailed 
them to [university dietician 
Beth McDivitt].”

AlIShA utter
FOUNDER, PEACE

“

 Join The Guardian
APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/JOBS.

▶ VEGAN, from page 1



OPINION
Margaret Yau
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONtaCt tHe eDItOr

4 tHe uCSD guarDIaN |  MONDaY, NOVeMBer 21,  2011 |  www.uCSDguarDIaN.Org

It’s a hard time to be thankful as a UC student. Fees are up, campus shuttles are going down 
and no matter how hard I shut my 
eyes/chant religiously to WebReg, it 
looks like I won’t be able to work the 

LTWL class on Woody Allen into my 
schedule next quarter. Trying times.

But even so, it’s important to be 
optimistic this week! The holiday 
season is all about gratitude and 
elastic waistbands, and as far as I’m 
concerned there are at least a couple 
elements of student life that haven’t 
gone to total shit just yet. Being the 
glass-half-full kind of guy that I am, 
I’d like to kindly remind you to count 
our shared blessings this holiday 
season. (Also, you might hold off on 
looking at your Winter Quarter bill. 
Nothing like a sobering antidote to 
spiked eggnog!) 

1. The strange house on top of 
the Jacobs School of Engineering: a 
real conversation piece! 

This week, local news outlets 
and people in my Latin Dance class 
were all over the latest addition to 
the Stuart Art Collection: a slanted 
house that’s supposed to look like it’s 
landed atop the Jacobs School as if by 
hurricane. No word yet on whether 
the kitchen is fully stocked, but still: 
Let’s rejoice in the fact that this week, 
the conversation surrounding the 
university isn’t all police brutality and 
rising fees. We’ve got weird modern 
art to either bitch or brag about, and 
it’s here to stay. 

2. “The Real World: San Diego” 
makes us look less boring. 

I know this one’s a little dated by 
now, but hear me out: Not since a 
handful of SDSU frat boys got busted 
for a zillion-dollar drug ring have 
we unwittingly benefitted from such 
trashy publicity. Untold thousands 
of pimply tweens (and whoever else 
watches “The Real World”) must 
think “La Jolla” is synonymous with 
nightlife, hot tubs and terrifying dis-
plays of drunken rage. (Hey, let’s take 
what we can get.)

3. We have Hullabaloo. 
This in itself isn’t a huge consola-

tion, since apparently the food trucks 
recruited to campus for the event 
had no free food. Plus, whoever told 
me that it would coincide with a Beer 
Garden is a liar. But there were rides, 
which I think people who aren’t ter-
rified of heights probably enjoyed. 
There were also performances from 
at least four bands I have never heard 
of, and that can’t be worse than one 
from a rising hip/hop act who’s too 
cool to stay on key. (Lupe Fiasco 
wasn’t in this year’s budget.)

4. The Cataracs came to campus.
But without Dev, which makes 

me a little less thankful. As such, I 
personally made no effort to make it 
out to Price Center West on Nov. 18, 
though at least two of my Facebook 
friends were pedaling tickets for dirt 
cheap, or demanding a refund from 
the box office, or something. Either 
way, student life isn’t dead, everyone! 
Enjoy the eggnog and therapy fluff-
ies, and remember: It could probably 
be worse.

At Wit’s
   End
treVOr COx

trevorcox@ucsd.edu

The Occupy movement has been the center of the media’s attention since its New York-based inception in September. More recently, it has inspired colleges to start their own 
branch of the movement, protesting continual increases in tuition 
and the relentless cutbacks of state funding. The protests have been 
a major focus of media outlets, not for the radical changes they 
hope to realize, but for the violent conflict between police officers 
and students.

On Nov. 9, protesters at Occupy Cal were brutally attacked by 
police officers. What started as peaceful protesting at UC Berkeley’s 
Sproul Plaza quickly escalated into violence as students attempted 
to set up tents for the night. Widely circulated YouTube videos, 
with view counts of almost 800,000, depicted officers from both the 
UC police and the Alameda County sheriff ’s department attacking 
protesters with batons, jabbing them in their stomachs and dragging 
demonstrators by the hair as they tried to prevent the officers from 
tearing down their camp. Originally condoned by the UC Berkeley 
administration after the videos went viral, UC Berkeley Chancellor 
Robert J. Birgeneau sent a campuswide email condemning the 
actions the officers took and deemed them “disturbing.”

This past Friday, similarly violent YouTube videos were upload-
ed, depicting protesters at Occupy UC Davis being doused with 
military-grade pepper spray by officers as they sat quietly around 
their campsite with linked arms. Protesters were warned that they 
needed to dismantle their tents and though some did, a few stayed 
to protest the removal of the site. The footage of the aftermath has 
fueled the media frenzy surrounding the violence on campuses. 
Many are calling for the resignaton of UC Davis Chancellor Linda 
Katehi, who instructed police officers to break up the protesters. 
Another sobering and viral video shows Katehi walking to a meet-
ing surrounded by a block-long gauntlet of silent students, now 
described as “Chancellor Kathehi’s Walk of Shame.”

Though these dramatic turn of events have put the spotlight on 
the Occupy Colleges protests in the media, unfortunately the major-
ity of the attention has been focused on the controversy of police 
involvement. Granted, media attention is significant for any move-
ment — it gives credence to the protest and motivates people to pay 
attention to what’s going on, but this shouldn’t be what the Occupy 

Supporters of the Stop Online Piracy Act, a new bill designed to fight copyright infringement, claim the measure would protect entertain-
ment industry jobs and save billions of dollars — but for anyone vested 
in Internet freedom, the price is much too high. 

If passed, SOPA would allow the government to use the software cur-
rently employed by countries such as China and Iran to shut down any 
site that posts pirated content. 

The idea is to create a “blacklist” of blocked sites and hope that by 
limiting access to, for example, free movies, users will be encouraged 
to see them in theatres, thus returning the money to the pockets of the 
material’s creators.  

Too bad it’s virtually impossible to maintain this blacklist. According 
to Matt Peckham of TIME, users who know a site’s IP address will be 
able to sidestep the blacklist entirely, rendering the well-intentioned part 
of the legislation useless and preserving the measures that would kill 
Internet innovation. 

If SOPA had been around in 2005, YouTube would have been shut 
down before it reached its first birthday. If SOPA is enacted now, the 
government would have the power to shut down the entire site, which 
hosts millions of megabytes of content, because of a single person who 
posted a five-minute copyrighted clip. 

Next up, Flickr and Twitter, and the measure would trickle down to 
small businesses that could potentially be closed because one supplier 
sells counterfeit items. In essence, the bill shifts the burden of responsi-
bility and makes websites responsible for the actions of all the users.

With the threat of government intervention hanging over web con-
tent, creators will try to sidestep legal trouble by toning down the con-
tent, ultimately leading to self-censorship on one of the world’s last free 
forums. 

— AngelA Chen
Editor in Chief

QUICK TAKES The U.S. hoUSe of repreSenTaTiveS inTrodUced The STop online piracy acT laST monTh. if enacTed, ThiS bill will expand The governmenT’S abiliTy To enforce copyrighT lawS on The inTerneT.

House lawmakers’ proposal of the Stop Online Piracy Act is an effort to reduce the rampant of exploitation of intellectual property and 
to put the money in the pockets of those who deserve it. The act allows 
federal law enforcement to shut down foreign websites that use counter-
feit or pirated content created in the United States. Illegal file sharing of 
music and film is virtually unregulated in the states, despite legislation 
such as the Intellectual Property Protection and Courts Amendments Act 
of 2004, making this bill an extremely important step in reducing copy-
right infringement.

Web firms such as Google, Twitter and Facebook are in a tizzy 
because they fear that the act will give the government too much power 
to shut down websites, and that lawsuits over content are projected to 
increase. 

Yet, these firms fail to acknowledge that the sources who create much 
of this material, including studios, record labels and publishing houses, 
lose $135 billion in revenues each year from piracy and counterfeiting, 
according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.

It has become increasingly more difficult for writers to make it in the 
industry due to illegal copies of their work circulating the Internet — 
even the International Association of Firefighters has spoken out about 
losing money in tax dollars for emergency services when materials are 
pirated. 

In addition, the executive vice president for government affairs at the 
Motion Picture Association of America, Michael O’Leary, cited that over 
2 million Americans earn a living in jobs connected to the making of 
motion pictures and television shows who will benefit from this legisla-
tion. Therefore, while Silicon Valley’s biggest industries draw insult from 
the bill, the act is simultaneously helping families who are dependent on 
the funds from creative industries.

— MADelIne MAnn 
Associate Opinion Editor

SOPA Has Good Intentions, But at Much Too High a Price

Shifting Focus

See violence, page 5

Police violence at UC Berkeley and Davis campuses may be drawing attention to the Occupy Colleges 
movement, but it is distracting from the real reason why students are protesting.

BY CHelSeY DaVIS • StaFF wrIter

Regulation of  Pirating Puts Money in the Right Place

Four Reasons 
Why We Should 
Give Thanks 
This Week 

Photo Courtesy of Jasna hodziC/California aggie



tHe uCSD guarDIaN |  MONDaY, NOVeMBer 21,  2011 |  www.uCSDguarDIaN.Org 5

Your books are overdue... 
And so is your DEATH.

tritontv.com/3rdfloor/

QuitE FrAnkly By Lior Schenk letter tO tHe eDItOr

Dear Editor,
The excitement surrounding the 

installation of the “Fallen Star” on 
Jacobs Hall is tempered for many of 
us who would place the art piece in a 
larger context. Campus administra-
tors promote it as an amazing syn-
thesis of structural engineering and 
trendy art. Walter Mencken in the 
San Diego Reader was more on-point 
when he referred to it as “the latest 
addition to the University’s presti-
gious and silly Stuart Collection of 
Artistic Oddities.” 

But let’s play out Stuart Collection 
director Mary Beebe’s claim that the 
“Fallen Star” will be “a memorable 
experience for everyone to think 
about.” How might that work for dif-
ferent groups of campus dwellers?

  For those students and staff 
whose extended families have been 
hit hard by the home foreclosure 
crisis, the idealized New England 
cottage hanging in mid-air represents 
the precarious economic situation 
for working people who toil far from 
La Jolla.  

Zoom in and it reminds us of 
campus maintenance workers, mostly 
Latinas, who are among the worst 
paid and most overworked in the 
UC system.  Zoom out and the piece 
becomes a fitting image for the slow 
destruction of the dream of an ever-
expanding middle class, the result of 
economic policies of the last 30 years, 
not the least important of which is 
the privatization of public education.

The “Hanging House,” as some 
have begun to call it, hovers over a 
campus undergoing a radical trans-
formation of not only its funding 
streams but also its institutional pri-
orities and its values as a California 
public university. Several years 
ago, the number of administrators 

surpassed the number of teaching 
personnel managing the bureaucracy 
trumps education. Today, staff work-
ers are threatened with “consolida-
tion,” another word for downsizing 
and the eventual loss of jobs.  Plans 
are being made to increase the num-
ber of non-resident students, not 
because those students contribute 
to some diffuse notion of diversity 
but because they contribute to cash-
starved university coffers.  

At the level of undergraduate life, 
the drive to find “external revenue” 
has transformed the campus into one 
continuous UCSDpalooza — large 
helpings of bread and circus for 
the masses.  Step up and buy your 
Hullabaloo merchandise right here! 
— Because you’re not paying enough 
as it is.  Could this frenzy of concerts 
and festivals, including the fabrica-
tion of vacuous celebrations — think 
Founder’s Day — be designed to 
distract students from rising costs 
and reduced services?  Or could it be 
designed to avert our gaze from the 
images of UC police pepper spraying 
and clubbing students and faculty 
at Davis and Berkeley who dare to 
demand change?  The “Fallen Star” is 
just another shiny object designed to 
hypnotize us as we are led away from 
the wreckage of Clark Kerr’s vision of 
a first-rate, affordable college educa-
tion for all.

—Jorge Mariscal
Professor of Literature

▶ The guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

email: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

“Fallen Star” Acts as 
University Commentary

Colleges movement is about. But in light of these current 
events, the Occupy Colleges movement is quickly becom-
ing about the abuse of campus authority, not the educa-
tional reform at the heart of the movement. The attention 
Occupy Cal and UC Davis have now is important, but 
what’s more important is making actual change.

As students fight for change in the California educa-
tion system, focus should be placed on the education 
system, not what is going on with the police. A major 
criticism of the Occupy movement is its lack of cohesive-
ness and priorities, but to enforce the desired changes, a 
specific set of mandates is crucial. Occupy Cal recently 
came out with a list of demands, but many of them center 
on the excessive police force and arrests they’ve experi-
enced lately. They call for charging the officers respon-
sible for the violence and the immediate resignation of 
the UC Berkeley chancellor in order to be replaced by 
someone democratically chosen by students, faculty, and 

staff. Some of Occupy Cal’s demands do concentrate on 
issues faced by students everywhere, such as the reversal 
of fee hikes, cuts and layoffs to their 2009 levels and the 
privatization of public education. 

These are the original changes of the movement 
before videos went viral and the media narrowed in on 
the police-protester conflicts. These are the changes that 
are going to matter in the long run, but with the major-
ity of the emphasis of Cal’s list placed on their own fight 
against the police, the list simply feeds the media’s fixa-
tion with the protest violence and arrests.

The police brutality experienced at Cal and UC Davis 
should and needs to be addressed, but by putting this 
bulk of the movement’s efforts on the problems encoun-
tered at the protests, the point of the movement — to 
change the mounting fee increases and bring higher edu-
cation back to a level everyone can afford — is lost.

Readers can contact Chelsey Davis at crdavis@ucsd.edu

▶violence, from page 4
Students Need to Focus On Educational Demands



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

UCSD physicians set up effective way 
of  gathering medical news.

UCSD’s viable population of pre-medical students has new website to look forward to: Docphin.
The platform, which launched it’s beta 

website last Monday, Nov. 14 allowed its 
initial slew of medical students, residents, 
fellows and physicians at UCSD to test out 
the user-friendly news aggregator, which 
collects articles from medical journals and 
news sites.

Derek Juang, a 
UCSD clinical medi-
cine associate profes-
sor and physician at 
the Department of 
Veteran Affairs in the 
San Diego Healthcare 
System, is part of the 
trio of founders who 
have combined back-
grounds in medicine, 
business and technol-
ogy. 

The inspiration for 
the site came to him 
during Juang’s own 
frustrations back in 
medical school

“Everyone’s always 
expecting us to stay on 
top of the latest medical research,” Juang 
said. “For medical students, there’s so 
many journals out there and so many dif-
ferent sources. We don’t know which ones 
are good. They either mail it to you or 
they email it to you or you just got to go 
to their website.”

The developers tackled the tricky 
problem of filtering irrelevant articles 
by personalizing interests and specialties. 
Users can customize article sources that 
interest them, ranging from public health 
to pediatrics to plastic surgery. Docphin’s 
dashboard even lets users add and person-
alize a Twitter feed on the sidebar.

Like classic engines, the site sorts by 
categories like most viewed, recent or 
commented. There’s also an option to 
make an article a favorite and share it on 
social networking sites.

Currently, users can only view the first 
few paragraphs of a medical or news arti-
cle, which is linked to its original source. 
Only those who have journal subscrip-
tions or work at a hospital or university 

with purchased subscriptions can view 
full articles. But news media sites, like 
CNN, are free.

“This is a fabulous source for medical 
news and new discoveries,” UCSD sec-
ond-year medical student Zana Ahmad 
said in an email. “Above all, it will help 
me organize my articles and prioritize my 
searches according to my interests.”

 The site is currently visually lacking 
in photos and graphics, but the developers 
plan to eventually re-format Docphin into 
an interactive, magazine-like platform to 
include pictures, videos and surveys, as 
well as add new user experience features 
next year, including optimizing keywords 
and creating a mobile platform for the 
iPhone, iPad and Android. The creators 
are also planning to host advertisements 
on the website and eventually generate 
some revenue. 

Docphin’s one-letter difference from 
dolphin, the marine mammal, is no mis-
take.

“We were drowning in all this infor-
mation,” Juang said, explaining the clever 
metaphor. “So, we wanted something that 
represented us getting out of a situation 
where we were drowning and something 
that represented something intelligent 
and smart, so a dolphin came to mind.”

Readers can contact Regina Ip at rwip@ucsd.
edu.

For the typical college student, bal-ancing a hectic schedule full of classes, social events and club meet-
ings can be challenging and often unap-
pealing. SquaredOut Inc. has a solution. 

Based in San Diego and Orange 
County, SquaredOut is an event-driven 
social calendaring service that allows 
people and groups of all kinds — stu-
dents, sorori-
ties and frats, 
businesses and 
organizations 
— to broadcast 
their upcom-
ing events 
and activities 
through a cal-
endar inter-
face. The plat-
form is sched-
uled to launch 
in December.

The pro-
gram was cre-
ated by Vice 
P r e s i d e n t 
of Business 
Development 
at SquaredOut 
Inc. Grayson 
Lafrenz, in 
c o l l a b o r a -
tion with his 
team of fellow 
entrepreneurs 
AJ Mitchell, 
John Correa, 
Robert Rodrigues and Shane Snyder. 

“Our product is very diverse in which 
our target market spans from the high 
school student to the elderly to the busi-
ness executive to the stay-at-home mom,” 
Lafrenz said. “However, at the end of the 
day, we feel a great target market is the 
college student because they’re entering 
that realm of responsibility. We want to 
give them a product that’s not only going 
to be fun and social but rewarding in the 
fact that it’s going to help them better 
manage their time.”

While merging the various calendars 
of your life — class, work and personal 
schedules — you can find events through 
a location-based search engine, which 

you can then “calendarize” and share with 
your friends and networks by posting 
your calendar on Facebook or linking it to 
your Twitter account. 

Or, if you’re not one for broadcasting 
your life to all your friends, the more 
private side of SquaredOut allows users 
to create their own personal schedule, 
giving you the option of sharing it with a 

select few. But 
the public 
side is where 
the innova-
tion comes in; 
it allows you 
to create and 
“follow” pub-
lic calendars 
— those of 
your favorite 
celebs, sports 
teams or other 
groups of 
interest — in 
order to stay 

up-to-date on relevant promotions 
and functions.

SquaredOut is giving students 
an opportunity to be among the 
first to test the site out before its 
public launch and welcomes inter-
ested students to enter their info 
into the field on the SquaredOut 
homepage for a VIP invite. 

Lafrenz also spoke of some 
opportunities to join the 
SquaredOut team.

“We are interested in talking 
to any of the students who are eager and 
energetic and want to get into the entre-
preneurial game,” Lafrenz said.

Only a year since the development 
began in Dec. 2010, the founders of 
SquaredOut have transformed the ordi-
nary calendar into an integration of 
“squares” where you can “create,” “invite,” 
“join” and “follow.”  

“We have a big vision for the future 
and a lot of projects that will be coming, 
and different features that we’ll be add-
ing onto our calendar to make it even 
more user-friendly for the end user,” Chief 
Operating Officer AJ Mitchell said.

Readers can contact Stacey Chien at stchien@

New online tool helps plan 
like a virtual scheduler. 

Regina Ip • Senior Staff  Writer Stacey Chien • Contributing Writer

Sign On UCSD
New websites targetted to UCSD students plan on making life a little easier.



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER 21,  2011 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

CAMPUS 11.21-27
CALENDAR

THE DARES
2ND ANNUAL  ROCK

FOR UGANDAA
PORTER’S PUB • 8:30pm

MON11.21

MON11.21
11am
FREE YOGA CLASSES - THE ZONE
Get into The Zone for FREE YOGA!!  Increase 
flexibility and stamina while toning muscles. 
Yoga is a great way to balance body, mind, and 
spirit. Mats are provided, and all levels of 
experience are welcome. Contact: Gina Tang, 
gtang@ucsd.edu, 858-610-2479. 
http://zone.ucsd.edu

2pm
BENJAMIN KAY- ECONOMICS BUILDING 
RM. 300
Benjamin Kay from UC San Diego will present 
The Effects of Home Ownership on 
Consumption in the Great Recession. Contact 
Gordon Dahl: (858) 822-0644, 
gdahl@ucsd.edu

8pm
ROMA NIGHTS: MIRANDA DAINARD - 
ESPRESSO ROMA
Come hang out with us and enjoy some great 
local artists while sipping on something hot. 
Roma Nights occurs every Monday night at 
8:00pm at Expresso Roma. Be there!

8:30pm
TKE + INVISIBLE CHILDREN: 2ND ANNUAL 
ROCK FOR UGANDA FEATURING THE 
DARES - PORTER'S PUB
This year's headliners are The Dares, one of 
Southern California's hottest rock acts of the 
last several years. With their own spin on 
SoCal's trademark pop-punk sound, The Dares 
will bring their high-energy live act to UCSD 
(facebook.com/thedares). Supporting the 
headliners will be TKE's very own The Lifted 
(facebook.com/thelifted) plus some surprise 
guests. Last concert was a huge success and 
we hope to make this year's an even bigger 
one! All profits will go to Invisible Children's 
Protection Plan, which aims to protect 
communities and end Africa's longest running 
armed conflict. Don't miss out on what is sure 
to be a rockin' evening! Tickets are $8 at the 
UCSD Box Office and $10 at the door. 
Sponsored by the Invisible Children 
organization, and Tau Kappa Epsilon and 
Schools 4 Schools, registered UCSD student 
organizations. schools4schools@gmail.com. 
http://invisiblechildren.com

THU11.24
8am
HUGE UCSD BOOKSTORE 
HOLIDAY SALE- UCSD 
BOOKSTORE  
Up to 75% off. 
Visit us first for best 
deals and selection. 
Gift ideas to fit all 
budgets. Contact 
Meredyth Potter: 
(858) 534-6444, 
mpotter@ucsd.edu

SAT11.26
8pm
THE STORM- SHEILA AND HUGHES 
POTIKER THEATRE
A young couple, domineering mother, an 
eccentric scientist, a powerful businessman, 
and a new-comer all harbor secrets. The 
intertwining of nature, science, and faith 
flood the stage in this classic play by one of 
Russia’s treasured dramatists. Contact Box 
Office (858) 534-4574, tdpromo@ucsd.edu

TUE 11.22
3:30pm
DR. PASCALINE DUPAS- DEAN’S 
CONFERENCE ROOM- IR/PS ROBINSON 
BUILDING COMPLEX

Dr. Dupas from Stanford University will present 
her current research. Contact Thomas Baranga: 
(858) 822-2877, tbaranga@ucsd.edu

3:30pm
PURE SPIN CURRENTS: DISCHARGING 
SPINTRONICS- CENTER FOR MAGNETIC 
RECORDING RESEARCH
As semiconducting electronic devices are 
miniaturized to ever-smaller dimensions, 
power dissipation becomes an ever-increasing 
problem due to leakage charge currents. 
Spintronics may help addressing some of 
these issues. Contact Lauren Coleman: (858) 
534-6198, cmrr-lcoleman@ucsd.edu

5pm
MUSICAL JOURNEYS: SHTETL, GHETTO, 
ISRAEL- GEISEL LIBRARY
Event will feature San Diego singer, educator, & 
daughter of a holocaust survivor Elisheva 
Edelson. She will teach & perform songs in 
Yiddish, Ladino, & Hebrew and talk about how 
music functioned as a type of resistance under 
oppression. Contact Susanne Hillman: (858) 
534-7661, hlhw@ucsd.edu

6pm
ICRA'S THANKSGIVING DINNER! - 
STUDENT SERVICES CENTER, 
MULTIPURPOSE ROOM
Come to ICRA's Thanksgiving dinner on 
Tuesday, November 22, 2011 from 6-8pm! 
Donate a can to get a free meal! It will be a 
great opportunity to celebrate Thanksgiving 
with your friends and other UCSD students. All 
UCSD students are welcome! Sponsored by the 
UC San Diego Inter-College Residents' 
Association (ICRA).

WED11.23
12pm
ANNUAL TURKEY CALLING SHOW- GEISEL 
LIBRARY
Hosted by sound effects wizard Scott Paulson 
(outreach coordinator of the UCSD Arts Library) 
this annual turkey calling show is presented in 
the style of an old-school radio show. Contact 
Scott Paulson: (858) 822-5758, 
spaulson@ucsd.edu

FRI11.25
2pm
BIRCH AQUARIUM AT SCRIPPS- 
TIDEPOOLING ADVENTURES- BIRCH 
AQUARIUM
Visit a local tide pool to learn how these 
amazing habitats and their inhabitants truly 
survive. Contact Education Department: 
(858) 534-7336, aquariuminfo@ucsd.edu

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
get

listed...
get

listed...
get

every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar

SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

7pm
HOLIDAY OPEN MIC NIGHT & UGLY SWEATER 
PARTY! - GENERAL STORE CO-OP

Come kick it at the last open mic night of 2011 
with your G-Store pals at the General Store 
Co-Op, in the original Student Center! It's a 
Christmahanukkwanzolstice extravaganza!! Sing 
some carols, perform a spoken word, or just 
bask in all the holiday warmth with your friends. 
PLUS: ugly holiday sweater party, so flaunt your 
ugliest reindeer, star of david, or kinara 
sweaters in style! And if you don't have an ugly 
holiday sweater, there will be a free 
sweater-embellishing workshop at 6:00, with a 
limited number of FREE sweaters to decorate (or 
you can bring your own for guaranteed 
sweater-making fun!) Sweater-making at 6:00, 
open mic starts at 7:00.

8pm
AS CONCERTS & EVENTS PRESENTS: YOU @ 
THE LOFT - THE LOFT AT UC SAN DIEGO

UC San Diego, we know you've been working on 
your talent just in time for this year's first You At 
The Loft! Whether you're singing, dancing, 
poetry slam, or making music, all are welcome 
for this open mic night. Sign up at 
http://asce.usd.edu by November 19th for a 
guaranteed spot or show up at the door for a 
late night slot. http://asce.ucsd.edu

Visit us first for best 
deals and selection. 
Gift ideas to fit all 

MIRANDA DAINARD
ROMA NIGHTS

ESPRESSO ROMA • 8pm

MON11.21



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER, 21,  2011 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 9

Housing
Avalon at Cortez Hill - Apartments in san 
Diego, CA Conveniently located at 1399 
ninth Avenue between Ash and A street 
in san Diego, Avalon at Cortez Hill is eas-
ily reached by highways 5, 94, and 163, or 
by any of the major roads servicing the 
downtown area. Avalon at Cortez Hill offers 
a variety of living arrangements to accom-
modate your needs, from a studio, or a one-
bedroom, to a two-bedroom double master 
apartment. Take advantage of our swimming 
pool and spa, fitness center, business center, 
full service salon, deli, convenience mart, 
tennis courts, and laundry facilities -- all 
located right on the premises. -- if you’re 
looking to rent an apartment in san Diego, 
but want to live in the lap of luxury, then 
you’ve come to the right place. Avalon at 
Cortez Hill has beautiful apartments in the 
heart of san Diego, close to everything you 
need to enjoy living in southern California. 
The apartments themselves are stunning 
and the charming san Diego neighborhood 
has so much to offer you. Below you can find 
out Reply online to listing iD: 14615194

Market street square - Located in the heart 
of downtown san Diego this impressive 
apartment community has all of the luxuries 
you expect and a fabulous location you will 
come to love. We are within walking distance 
of Horton Plaza, Ralphs grocery store, the 
historic gas Lamp district and the exciting 
new Pet Co Park Baseball stadium. Come feel 
the cool ocean breezes as you experience 
the good life at Market street square! We 
offer a complimentary courtesy patrol ser-
vice, controlled access entry, gated/reserved 
subterranean parking, sparkling pool with 
brand new patio furniture, Fitness Center, 
and all the other amenities you expect. Reply 
online to listing iD: 14304582

RooMMATes
$450- Clean shared apartment  san 
Diego shared, 1 Bathroom, upper unit, 
Contemporary, shared Parking, A/C, Carpets, 
stove, Refrigerator, Large Closet, Quiet 
neighborhood, Close to Freeway, Close to 
shopping, new Carpets, Laundry onsite, 
Dishwasher, garbage Disposal, 11/18/2011 
electric, no Pets, Partially Furnished, 6 Mo 
Lease, $450.00 619-788-6234 Reply online to 
listing iD: 13920667

FoR sALe 
$89- Washing balls. Washing Balls enza $89 
order at MillerPlante.net Whirlpool Kenmore 
Maytag ge Lg Frigidaire Admiral Amana 
electrolux Hoover Hotpoint siemens Reply 
online to listing iD: 13914302

$549.99- 4pc Queen Cherry Bedroom Reply 
online to listing iD: 13923604 

$699.99- Black Leather sofa set. 2 convenient 
locations 8990 Miramar rd san Diego CA 
92126 and 11190 Talbert ave fountain valley 
ca 92708 or call (858)605-5990 or (949)873-
5060 samuel collection 501681 sofa $399.99 
501682 Loveseat $349.99 501683 Chair 
$269.99501684 ottoman $129.99 2 pc sofa 
loveseat set $699.99  Reply online to listing 
iD: 13923391

crossword

t
your vision,
our mission.

The Associated Students Store
Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

the
guardian is
hiring!

WRITING | PHOTOGRAPHY | LAYOUT | DESIGN | ADVERTISING

P I C K  U P  A  C O P Y  O N  N E W S  S TA N D S  E V E R Y  M O N D AY  &  T H U R S D AY !

COPY READING ART | ILLUSTRATION | MARKETING | GRAPHICS

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT
ucsdguardian.org/jobs.

read between the lines.

i

QUESTIONS? EMAIL jobs@ucsdguardian.org?

ACROSS
1 Like some short-term committees
6 How a lot of music is recorded
10 narrow-necked pear
14 Museum with many spanish masterpieces
15 eight, in spain
16 Figure skating jump
17 Consumed
18 Postal delivery
19 Knish seller
20 Henna, for one
21 Tokyo monetary unit
24 Hawaii’s coffee capital
25 Reader’s __: magazine
26 1983 Lionel Richie #1 song
31 French city where Joan of Arc died
32 Wooden nickel, e.g.
33 Milk units: Abbr.
36 old italian money
37 Parcel of land
39 new Age-y emanation
40 single
41 Wine vintage
42 Thread holder
43 Desolate title tree in a 1936 Fonda/

MacMurray Western
46 it’s north of the border
49 Cle. hoopsters
50 TuMs target
53 Long sandwich
56 Vaulter’s need
57 “Today, __ man”: stereotypical bar mitzvah 

announcement
58 Hospital staffer
60 __ even keel
61 shoemaker McAn
62 spud
63 Camping shelter
64 Talks and talks
65 Hanker, and a synonym for the ends of 21-, 

26-, 43- and 50-Across

DOWN
1 Copied
2 open-sided cart
3 Loathe
4 “__ on a grecian urn”
5 unite

6 Tuba sound
7 March Madness org.
8 Facial feature with a cleft, perhaps
9 Distributed sparingly
10 no-goodnik
11 Daisy variety
12 Tennis great Monica
13 eastwood of Dirty Harry films
22 namibia neighbor: Abbr.
23 Perform with the choir
24 Common scrape site for a kid
26 Woody’s son
27 Butcher’s cut
28 entice
29 ivan the Terrible et al.
30 Partners’ legal entity: Abbr.
33 Je ne sais __
34 Cyclo- ending

35 shopper’s delight
37 Persistence
38 “norma __”
39 iPhone downloads
41 Wizened “star Wars” guru
42 interstate speed limit, often
43 Bemoan
44 __ razor: logical simplicity rule
45 __-jongg
46 Hundred bucks
47 Make amends (for)
48 Texas Rangers president Ryan
51 often sarcastic joke response
52 in a frenzy
53 Mlle., in Madrid
54 exploitative type
55 swiss capital
59 Abu Dhabi’s fed.



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  21,  2011 |  w w w. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  11

Looking for a great pharmacy school?

Look no 
further than 

the University of
Michigan.

Meet some alumni of California universities who recently enrolled 
as University of Michigan PharmD students. 1. Financial support unequalled by any

other U.S. pharmacy school.
2. Outstanding pay.
3. Job security in economically uncertain

times.
4. Unlimited opportunities to improve

people’s lives.
5. Unparalleled career choices.
6. Continuous growth potential.
7. Life and career mobility.

8. The prestige of owning a degree from
one of America’s top-ranked pharmacy
schools.

9. Membership in an influential alumni
network spanning the globe.

10. The power to apply medical knowl-
edge at the forefront of technological 
innovation.

11. Small class size to maximize individual-
ized educational experiences.

12. One-to-one learning with world-
renowned faculty.

Every year, UCSD graduates choose the PharmD Program at the Universityof Michigan College of Pharmacy. In fact, nearly 20 percent of ourPharmD enrollment is comprised of alumni from California universities. 
What accounts for Michigan’s popularity among Golden Staters? First, 

we are consistently ranked among America’s top pharmacy schools. Secondly,
we consider a lot more than GPA and PCAT scores when evaluating your
application.

Earn your bachelor’s degree at UCSD, and then earn your PharmD at U-M.
That’s what many UCSD students do every year.

To learn more about the PharmD Program at Michigan, visit our Web site at
www.umich.edu/~pharmacy. Or contact the College of Pharmacy at 734-764-7312 or
at mich.pharm.admissions@umich.edu.

Still looking for a reason to make Michigan your pharmacy school? Consider these:

Your future never looked brighter.

Brian Donohoe. “We knew we had to 
give it everything we had, and that if we 
didn’t come out strong, we weren’t going 
to have a good chance of winning.”
The Tritons went up 3-1 in the first 
quarter behind back-to-back goals from 
Saber. UCSD held the advantage until 
the Aggies tied the game up at seven 
with just over three minutes left to play. 
       With the clock winding down in the 
fourth quarter, the Aggies managed to 
outscore the Tritons 3-0 to tie the game 
at seven. Then, sophomore driver Josh 
Stiling won the ball in front of Davis’ net 
and hammered home the game winner. 
       “I’ve got to hand it to [Steve] 
with the uniqueness of that second 
group that he had, but we certainly 
had enough to finish it,” Harper said 
of Davis’ reserves after the match. 
    The Tritons had three All-Conference 
first team selections: junior utility John 
Butler, Saber and Morton — tourna-
ment MVP. Junior utility was selected 
for the All-Conference second team. 
      Winning his 15th conference 
title, Harper was awarded the con-
ference coach of the year award. 
       As the winner of the conference 
tournament, the Tritons receive the 
automatic bid to the NCAA national 
tournament to be played on Dec. 3-4 at 
UC Berkeley.
     “I’m happy for these guys because 
it has been a while since we’ve had any 
student athletes experience what we 
call going to the ‘Big Show,’” Harper 
said. “And for them to experience what 
they’re about to experience is pretty 
goshdarn good.”

              
Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@
ucsd.edu

Water Polo
Advances 
to NCAA’s
▶ men’s water polo, from page 12

which the Tritons would trail for the remain-
der of the game. The Seawolves kept pushing, 
never letting up, until they had killed their way 
to game set match victory 25-20, 3-1.
     Looking back on a great season, the entire 
women’s volleyball team played an integral 
role. Freshmen stepped up, seniors led and 

everyone in between made the team one of the 
best in recent program history. 
     Looking forward, the team will lose its 
big guns in Daktroniks All-American Hillary 
Williamson and CCAA First Team selection 
Roxanne Brunsting, along with senior stand-
outs Condon and Freidenberg. 
     But freshmen Lauren Demos and Kinney 

look like they may be able to fill in the gaps. 
Freshman Amber Hawthorne, already an inte-
gral part of the team, looks like she could be 
stepping into the libero position left vacant by 
graduating senior Janessa Werhane. 

Readers can contact Nick Howe at nshowe@
ucsd.edu

Tritons End Playoff  Run Against Sonoma
▶ women’s volleyball, from page 12

The two wins were enough to propel UCSD 
into the quarterfinal round where they faced 
familiar foe, San Diego State. The Tritons 
played the Aztecs to a 2-2 draw in regulation. 
But UCSD broke the draw in penalty kicks, 
taking a 4-3 win.

Advancing to the semifinal round, the 
Tritons took on USC on Saturday, Nov. 18. 
Again, UCSD forced a draw, ending the regu-
lation time period with a 0-0 tie. Junior goal-
keeper Alejandro Escobar gave UCSD the 
edge, lifting the Tritons to a 5-4 win.

In the conference championship on Sunday, 
Nov. 19, the Tritons went into a rematch 
against the University of Texas at Austin.

Having gone the distance with a new set 
of starters, the Tritons adjusted to their new 
roster and picked apart the Longhorns, beating 
the University of Texas at Austin 5-0. 

“The easiest way to describe the final was 
that we systematically destroyed them,” said 
team captain Stephen Lyon. “We came out to 
win even though no one expected us to do 
well.”

For their inspired performance in the 
national tournament, four Tritons were named 
to the All-tournament team: junior Josh 
Tatsuno, sophomore Connor Grant, Lyon and 
Escobar. 

Senior Jamie Somerville was named the 
tournament MVP. 

This was the first time the Tritons have 
made an appearance at the national tourna-
ment, and Lyon said that head coach Matt 
Burston has been a large part of their success 

this year. 
“Having a coach has brought the team 

together,” Lyon said. “We’re a lot more struc-
tured than we have been in past years. Having 
a coach really took us to the next level.”

UCSD is now looking to move out of the 

second division and move up to the premier 
league. 

Their next game is slated for Dec. 3 against 
Cal State Northridge.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.edu

Club Soccer Claims First National Title
▶ men’s ClUb soCCer, from page 12

brian yip/GUardian

The UCSD men’s club soccer team won the open division of the national tournament on Nov. 19. 



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  21,  2011 |  w w w. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

 By RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor
   
MEN’S CLUB SOCCER — The UCSD Men’s 
Club Soccer team — unassociated with the 
NCAA men’s soccer program — won the 
national championships for the first time in 
program history last weekend at Arizona State 
University. 

Competing in the West Coast Soccer 
Association, the Tritons face off against other 
Southern California collegiate club soccer 
teams in their regular season. UCSD advanced 
to the regional tournament after finishing 
with a 12-3-1 conference record.

The Tritons took a second place finish in 
the regional tournament, getting two wins and 
a tie before falling 0-2 to UC Berkeley in the 
regional final. But without the regional title, 
UCSD missed out on the automatic bid to the 
24-team national tournament.

Instead, the Tritons registered in the 
16-team open division. 

In their first match on Thursday, Nov. 17, 
UCSD faced University of Texas at Austin. 
Plagued with recent roster changes, the Tritons 
fell 2-1 in their tournament opener. On the 
same day, UCSD was able to regroup to beat 
UCLA 1-0. On Friday, Nov. 18, the Tritons 
rounded out their preliminary play with a 2-1 
win against the Colorado School of Mines.

UCSD Volleyball Drops Out of  NCAA’s

By RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor
 
The UCSD Men’s Water Polo team took its first conference title in 
the past five years with a 8-7 win over UC Davis last Sunday, Nov. 20. 
       Fourth-seeded UC Davis fought its way past first-seed 
Loyola Marymount — the defending conference champions 
— to reach the title match. On the other side of the bracket, 
second-seed UCSD topped Claremont-Mudd Scripps 12-8 
in the quarterfinals and Santa Clara 10-2 in the semifinals.  
    Receiving a first-round bye, the Tritons entered the quarterfi-
nals on Friday, Nov. 18 against seventh-seed Claremont. UCSD 
jumped out to take the lead in the opening quarter, putting the 
score at 4-1. The Tritons pushed the lead out to 6-2 in the sec-
ond quarter, but Claremont rallied in the third to pull within 
two points. UCSD was able to hold the advantage behind 
senior goalkeeper David Morton’s eight saves and two big 
goals from senior driver Graham Saber in the fourth quarter. 
       With the 12-8 win, the Tritons advanced 
to the semifinal bout against Santa Clara.  
    Scoring in its first possession of the game, UCSD never trailed as 

the team cruised to a 10-2 win over the Broncos (18-17 overall). 
       Saber recorded another four goals against Santa 
Clara, while Morton recorded an outstanding 14 saves. 
    “We were very confident going into this thing,” said head coach 
Denny Harper after the match. “It was a complete game for us and 
I’m really stoked about how our bench play came through for us.” 
    

Riding the momentum off of their win against Santa Clara, the 
Tritons came out hot against UC Davis. 
“We knew it was going to be a fight to the death,” said junior 

Tritons Win Three Straight, Capture Conference Title

By NICHoLAs HowE
Sports Editor

WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL —This week, the 
Triton Women’s Volleyball team had a good 
showing in the West Regionals of the NCAA 
tournament. In the first round, the Tritons 
swept Grand Canyon in three sets, playing 
well to move on. 
     But in the second round, the No. 15 Tritons 
had a disappointing showing against No. 23 
Sonoma State, dropping to the Seawolves in 
four sets. 
     Advancing to the third round, Sonoma 
State went on to lose to Cal State San 
Bernardino, who remains undefeated (29-0) 
going in to NCAA nationals. The Tritons 
ended their season with a record of 22-6.
     Going against Grand Canyon on Thursday, 
Nov. 17, the Tritons were in good form. In 
the first game, the Tritons fell behind the 
Antelopes, who took the 9-8 lead. 
     Senior Hillary Williamson hit a couple 
of kills to tie the game back up. The Tritons 
rallied from there to win the set 25-20. The 
second game brought more of the same as 
UCSD stayed close in the first part of the 
game to pull away for a 25-19 win. 
     In the third set, Grand Canyon got 
out to a good lead, forcing the Tritons to 
come from behind. But strong play from 
veterans Williamson and Katie Condon, who 
recorded 18 kills collectively, as well as senior 
middle blocker Julia Freidenberg, gave the 
Tritons the lead. UCSD held the advantage to 
take the 25-21 victory.
     Over the course of the 2011 regular sea-
son, UCSD has played Sonoma State twice. In 

their first meeting, the Tritons lost 3-1 near 
the start of their season at Sonoma, while 
winning in their second match-up again, 
with a score of 3-1. 
     Despite ending the regular season on a 
high note, the Triton’s CCAA record placed 
them behind the Seawolves, although they 
were still ranked higher nationally. Friday’s 
game was a highly anticipated match-up 
between conference rivals, and the Seawolves 
were simply on their game.
     Coming into the match with a chip on 
their shoulder from the recent loss against 
the Tritons, the Seawolves took the first 
games with ease, blowing past the Tritons to 

a 20-6 lead. Sonoma State was relentless in 
the second game, going 25-15 behind senior 
Keala Peterson, who finished the game with 
an amazing 22 kills.
     The Tritons woke up in the third set and 
took advantage of a lull in the Seawolf attack, 
surging to a 17-11 lead behind good blocks 
from Freidenberg. The Tritons moved on 
to take the game 25-16 following defensive 
contributions from seniors Sara McCutchan, 
Rachelle Kinney and Williamson.
     The fourth game was tight on both sides 
of the net for the first few possessions until 
UCSD tied the game at 14 points apiece, after 

WWPA QUARTERFINAL GAME

uc San Diego vS. cLaReMonT

UCSD

CLAREMONT

NOV 18

4

1

2

1

3

5

3

1

12

8

WWPA SEMIFINAL GAME

uc San Diego vS. SanTa cLaRa

UCSD

SANTA CLARA

NOV 19

3

1

3

0

4

0

0

1

10

2

WWPA ChAMPIoNShIP GAME

uc San Diego vS. uc DaviS

UCSD

UC DAVIS

NOV 20

3

1

2

2

2

1

1

3

8

7
See men’s water polo, page 11

CONFERENCE CHAMPIONS

Men’s Club 
Soccer Wins 
National Title

See men’s ClUb soCCer, page 11See women’s volleyball, page 11

Overheard  at the game

START THE BUS! START THE BUS!”
— ucSD PeP BanD

MEN’S WATER POLO

“ We knew it was going to be a fight to the death.”
BRian Donohoe

men’s Water polo
junior  utility

brian yip/GUardian

brian yip/GUardian file


	112111News
	112111Opinion
	112111Focus
	112111_CALENDAR_Pg8
	112111_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg9
	112111SportsREAL



