
MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XXVII MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XXVII

By Massiel Valenzuela
Staff Writer

Effective Fall 2011, UCSD will begin using a new 
admissions process that allows each applicant to be 
evaluated based on the opportunities given to the 
student during high school.

Last Wednesday, the UC Regents endorsed the 
holistic review process that will be adopted by UCSD 
and UC Irvine. This admissions process is already 
used by UC Berkeley and UCLA.

“The expectation is [that] other campuses will 
move along,” UCOP spokesperson Ricardo Vázquez 
said. 

Student Regent Jesse Cheng said he supported the 
holistic review.

“[It’s] something that the UC students have been 
fighting for a very long time,” Cheng said. “So holistic 
admissions was kind of a way to deal with that.”

UC Regents strongly urged the other campuses 

using a comprehensive evaluation to change to 
holistic review in hopes of reeling in a more qualified 
student population. But the new review process isn’t 
mandatory for all UC campuses. 

Vázquez said the UC system has data about each 
California school provided to their students. 

“We can look at the average SAT scores, how 
many AP and honors courses are available, class rank, 
if the school has the A through G UC requirements,” 
Vázquez said. “We can view the challenges and 
opportunities that each school has and how peers of 
that particular school performed.”

Before, UCSD used a system called comprehensive 
review, based primarily on GPA, test scores and 
extracurricular activities. It did not take into account 
socioeconomic circumstances that may have 
provided more opportunities.  

“[The new process] improves upon these 

BOOMÊHEADSHOT

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN
About 2,000, including gamers from five countries, attended the sixth annual Winter Game Fest, held Jan. 22-23 
in Price Center East Ballroom. Games included StarCraft and Super Smash Bros and prizes totaled in $7,000.

UCSDÊAdoptsÊNewÊAdmissionsÊProcess

By Chris McCoy
Staff Writer

UC Irvine senior Regent Jesse Cheng is the only student 
guaranteed a vote on the UC Board of Regents, meaning he 
has a say in everything from tuition to health care in the UC 
system. 

This is because Cheng — who is majoring in Asian-
American studies and minoring in education, is the current 
Student Regent. He was at UCSD last week for the regents’ 
meeting, and has also been promoting the designate position 
for the 2011-12 academic year.

At the Jan. 19 meeting, Cheng spoke in support of a 
new holistic admissions policy, which will ensure that UC 
applicants’ family background and community service work 
are evaluated in addition to GPA and SAT scores. 

“That item was brought out of the crisis we faced last year,” 
Cheng said. “And people [said], this is the direction we need 

to go in now … and we’ve just 
started to see the fruits of those 
actions.”

On Jan. 21, as part of a 
10-campus tour to recruit the 
next student Regent, Cheng 
hosted an open forum at the 
Student Leadership Chambers 
on the fourth floor of Price 
Center East.

“We’re very excited to be 
touring around the [UCSD] 

campus,” Cheng said. “We’re going to be talking to a number 
of student groups, the student government here … and just be 
doing a general discussion and try to get to know the campus, 
trying to tease out what the issues are and what we can do to 
support students in the fights and struggles that they have.” 

The forum was for students interested in applying for his 
position.

Cheng said about 10 people attended the forum and 
two to three students showed interest in applying. He said 
application numbers have been declining, with just 56 last 
year. Cheng anticipates 60 this year. Most in attendance asked 
about the benefits of the job and what it was like to work with 
the regents. 

“They asked if the student Regent is listened to, respected, 
if the regents care what the person says,” he said. “[For the 
next student Regent], we are looking for quality over quantity 

See CHENG,Êpage 3

By Laira Martin
Staff Writer

The UC Board of Regents faced UCSD protesters during the 
final day of the meeting held at the Price Center West Ballroom 
on Jan. 20.

“We, as regents, need to assume that we are not going to get 
the $500 million. The stakeholders need to know — whether it 
is the faculty, the students or employees — they need to know 
their livelihoods are at risk,” Regent Frederick Ruiz said.

About 150 UC students and workers gathered at Price 
Center at 9 a.m. on Thursday, according to AFSCME Local 
3299 Lead Organizer Matias Marin. 

“It was a very peaceful protest,” Marin said.
The protest lasted about two hours, during which the group 

circled Price Center and then remained for the public input 
portion of the regent’s meeting.

“We are concerned with UC 
executives not prioritizing students 
and workers.” Marin said. “They are 
prioritizing those that already make 
a lot of money. We want to make sure 
the taxpayers are not getting the bill 
for workers’ retirement.” 

The series of meetings is the first 
held by the UC Regents since Gov. 
Jerry Brown proposed a $500-million 
dollar UC budget cut due to the state’s 
$26-billion dollar defect. This would 
be a 16.4-percent budget cut for the 

UC system and a 15.8-percent reduction for state public higher 
education overall.

“I feel like a passenger on the Titanic being told by the 
captain how long it will take before the boat sinks,” Regent Rex 
Hime said at Thursday’s meeting.

This drastic budget cut, along with the existing $1 billion 
budget gap, has created a dire outlook for the UC system.

Several resolutions were passed during the meeting, 
including a new policy that will ensure that all applicants to 
UCSD and UC Irvine will be reviewed on an individual basis 
and evaluated based on their accomplishments in the context 
of opportunity.

UC students will now, for the first time, invest more money 
in the university’s operating budget than will the state itself due 
to fee increases, more of which are likely for the near future as 
well. Cuts in student services, majors, classes and even decreases 
in financial aid are also being considered, according to Montiel.

Although privatizing the university has been in discussion, 
Montiel said it is not a feasible option.

“President Yudof doesn’t want to sacrifice quality,” UCOP 
spokesperson Steve Montiel said.

The creation of an online campus similar to the University 
of Phoenix is also in the preliminary stages but further details 
on the project are not yet available. 

President Mark G. Yudof is providing UC chancellors with 
six weeks to decide on ways to cut costs on UC campuses. UC 
chancellors will reconvene in March 2011 to determine where 
cuts will be made. 

Readers can contact Laira Martin at lmm002@ucsd.edu.          .        

A CLOSER LOOK

WORKERS, STUDENTS PROTEST REGENTS MEETING

See ADMISSIONS,Êpage 3

StudentÊRegentÊ
ChengÊSearchesÊ
forÊSuccessor

SPOKENSPOKEN SURFÊREPORT INSIDENIGHTÊWATCH

THURSDAY FRIDAYMONDAY TUESDAY

GASÊPERÊGALLONSURFÊREPORTNIGHTÊWATCHFORECASTWEBÊPOLL
WILL THE HOLISTIC 
ADMISSIONS PROCESS 
INCREASE DIVERSITY?
√  Yes
√  No
√  I don’t know

SUNRISE

SUNSET

THURSDAYWEDNESDAYWWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ComicsÊ..................................2
LightsÊandÊSirensÊ...................3
AtÊWitÕsÊEndÊ...........................4
LetterÊtoÊtheÊEditorÊ................5
SiteÊSeenÊ...............................9
ClassifiedsÊ...........................10
SudokuÊ................................10

HIGH

$4.19
76, San Diego
2919 Alta View Dr.

LOW

$3.11
Arco, Oceanside
1501 N. Melrose & Oceanside Blvd.

THURSDAY
Height:  4 ft.

Wind: 4-6 mph 
Water Temp: 58 F

WEDNESDAY
Height:  4-6 ft.
Wind: 2-4 mph 

Water Temp: 58 F

TUESDAY
Height:  5-6 ft.
Wind: 2-6 mph

Water Temp: 58 F

MONDAY
Height:  6-7 ft.
Wind: 2-6 mph

Water Temp: 58 F

5:14 P.M.

6:49 A.M.

THURSDAY
H 75 L 48

WEDNESDAY
H 75 L 48

TUESDAY
H 73 L 47

MONDAY
H 72 L 46

PHOTOS BY ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN

OH, THE PLACES YOU’LL GO. PAGE 7



2 THE UCSD GUARDIANÊ MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011Ê NEWS

TheÊ UCSDÊ GuardianÊ isÊ publishedÊ MondaysÊ andÊ
ThursdaysÊduringÊ theÊacademicÊyearÊbyÊUCSDÊstudentsÊ
andÊ forÊ theÊ UCSDÊ community.Ê ReproductionÊ ofÊ thisÊ
newspaperÊ inÊ anyÊ form,Ê whetherÊ inÊ wholeÊ orÊ inÊ part,Ê
withoutÊ permissionÊ isÊ strictlyÊ prohibited.Ê ©Ê 2011,Ê allÊ
rightsÊ reserved.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ notÊ responsibleÊ
forÊtheÊreturnÊofÊunsolicitedÊmanuscriptsÊorÊart.ÊTheÊviewsÊ
expressedÊhereinÊdoÊnotÊnecessarilyÊrepresentÊtheÊopin-
ionsÊofÊ theÊUCSDÊGuardian,Ê theÊUniversityÊofÊCaliforniaÊ
orÊ AssociatedÊStudents.Ê TheÊUCSDÊGuardianÊ isÊ fundedÊ
solelyÊbyÊadvertising.ÊGuvÕna!

Production:Ê858-534-5226
GeneralÊEditorial:Ê858-534-6580Ê

editor@ucsdguardian.org

News:Ê858-534-5226,Ênews@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion:Ê858-822-3793,Êopinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports:Ê858-534-6582,Êsports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus:Ê858-534-6583,Êfocus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus:Ê858-534-6583,Êhiatus@ucsdguardian.orgÊ
Photo:Ê858-822-3793,Êphoto@ucsdguardian.org
Design:Ê858-534-6582,Êdesign@ucsdguardian.org

Art:Ê858-822-3793,Êart@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising:Ê858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax:Ê858-534-7691

General Manager
EmilyÊKuÊ

Business Assistant
TiffanyÊHan

Marketing Directors
BrandonÊKatzer,ÊAnnieÊWang

Advertising Design and Layout 
AlfredoÊH.ÊVilanoÊJr.
A.S.ÊGraphicÊStudioÊ

Distributors
RobertÊEspinoza,ÊScottÊHavrisik

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

Page Layout
MelodyÊChern,ÊPraneetÊKolluru,ÊBinhÊNgo,ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ

ArielleÊSallai,ÊVivianÊZhang

AngelaÊChen

TrevorÊCox

ReginaÊIp

NishaÊKurani

CherylÊHori

MargaretÊYau

LiamÊRose

TylerÊNelson

NedaÊSalamat

Zo‘ÊSophos

ArielleÊSallai

RenÊEbel
NedaÊSalamat

AmyÊGuzdar
NaomiÊSweo

JohnÊHanacek

AndrewÊOh

MelodyÊChern

BinhÊNgo

RebekahÊHwang

Editor in Chief

Managing Editor

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus/Leisure Editor

Associate Focus/Leisure 
Editor

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editors

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Copy Readers
MonicaÊHaider,ÊAmandaÊKu,ÊMelissaÊStanley

Auxiliary & Plant Services Marketing & Communications

Social Network for Ridesharing
Find friends, classmates and coworkers who share the same drive.

1.  Visit  http://zimride.ucsd.edu to login via Single Sign On with your UCSD PID 
      (students) or e-ID (faculty and sta�). (Students click the second tab to login.)
2.  Add your one-time or regular commute ride by posting your starting and ending 
      locations, time, day and indicate whether you can be a driver, passenger or both.
3.  Review your matchlist and start Zimriding!

Includes Facebook option!

Transportation Services

Free web-based interface 
makes �nding rides 

fun and easy. 

View pro�les for common 
preferences, interests and 
friends before deciding to 

share a ride. 

Nearly1,700 UCSD members 
have joined since Sept. 2010.

http://zimride.ucsd.edu

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

RIGHT ON TIME By Isabella Verendia

ScientistsÊWillÊTrackÊChildÊHealthÊFromÊtheÊWombÊtoÊAgeÊ21
SCIENCEÊANDÊTECHNOLOGY

By Sarah Kang
Contributing Writer

Parents won’t be the only ones 
watching their children before they 
leave the nest. Starting this month, 
UCSD researchers will be tracking the 
health and development of San Diegans 
from birth to the age of 21.

San Diego is one of 105 participating 
cities in the National Children’s Study, 
in which researchers will recruit 
enough pregnant women to study over 
100,000 babies nationally. Researchers 
hope to identify environmental and 
genetic factors that may influence child 
health, disease and development. 

“[The study covers] everything from 
the air that you breathe to the water 
that you drink, to the dust particles in 
your home, to your diet, medications 
you take, being exposed to smoke or 
secondhand smoke, genetics and how 
all of those things might interact to 
either put a child at risk of developing 
something like autism or diabetes or 
obesity or asthma,” pediatrics professor 
Christina Chambers said. 

The research team will observe the 
child being born, collect blood samples 
from the mothers’ umbilical cord 
and track exposure to environmental 
pollutants.

This is the pilot year for the 37 new 
vanguard centers, which will attempt to 
recruit about 4,000 pregnant women. 
In San Diego, researchers will visit 
about 10,000 households to recruit 
1,000 pregnant women or women 
who plan to become pregnant from 
14 demographically representative   
neighborhoods, such as Escondido, 
North Park and Fallbrook. They will 
follow these women and their children 
for 21 years.

The study as a whole started 
less than two years ago in seven 
original vanguard centers in counties 
throughout the United States. 

San Diego is one of the 30 vanguard 
centers that have been added to the 
study. The trial study ends this year, 
with the main study starting in 2012. 

To compile a comprehensive 
study, researchers will select random 
sample households in representative 

neighborhoods, from Salt Lake County 
to New York City.

They then ask each household to 
participate in the study by going door 
to door in the neighborhoods and 
recruiting pregnant women or women 
considering becoming pregnant.

There have been similar studies 
of child health, though none have 
spanned more than eight years. This 
study will proceed for at least 27 years, 
as researchers will continue to recruit 
participants nationwide over the next 
four years. 

A smaller study in the 1950s 
involved 50,000 children and 11 centers 
throughout the U.S., and studied the 
children up to the age of seven. 

The 2011 study’s colossal scale, 
with a protracted timeline and twice as 
many participants as the 1950s study, 
sets it apart from others.

“The reason why it’s unique is that 
it’s the largest and longest of its kind,” 
Chambers said. 

Another distinguishing factor of 
the study is that it will be universally 
relevant. 

“What we’re trying to do is 
establish kind of a very global study 
of all kinds of environmental factors 
that may influence child health and 
development,” Chambers said. 

The San Diego sector of the study 
is a collaboration between UCSD’s 
Department of Pediatrics and SDSU’s 
Graduate School of Public Health. 

Readers can contact Sarah Kang at 
sak019@ucsd.edu.

JOSEY TSAO/GUARDIAN



NEWSÊ MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

VOLUNTEER
at Clinton Global Initiative University 2011 • April 1-3

The Clinton Global Initiative is coming to UC San Diego April 1-3, 2011. CGI U is a three-day
meeting hosted by President Bill Clinton and attended by 1,200 students from around the world,

students dedicated to making concrete change on social and environmental issues.

APPLY TO BE AN EVENT VOLUNTEER
CGI U relies on the help of over 200 student volunteers to produce the CGI U Meeting. Volunteers fill a

large variety of important roles at CGI U including: serving as on-campus hosts, assisting with the production 
and logistics of the event, helping our press and media team, and supporting our program staff.

WWW.CGIU.ORG

FOR APPLICATION INFO, VISIT getinvolved.ucsd.edu

Friday Jan. 14
2:05 a.m.: Welfare check
A woman was seen throwing 
up in the bushes near Mesa 
Verde.  Information only.
2:24 a.m.: Trespass
A group of people exited a tunnel 
near Library Walk.  Unable to locate.
12:34 p.m.: Vandalism
A large question mark was spray-
painted on the wall of UCtr 
107.  Information only.
1:04 p.m.: Injury
A bicyclist ran over someone’s 
foot.  Information only.
2:09 p.m.: Information
Someone’s belongings were found 
near the east side of Nierenberg 
Hall at the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Information only.
4:10 p.m.: Suspicious person
A man with a blue sweater was 
seen stomping around on papers 
and yelling near Gilman and Myers 
Drive. Information only. 
8:10 p.m.: Suspicious person
A 50-year-old female was seen 
talking to herself while in the men’s 
locker room.  Gone on arrival.
 
Saturday Jan. 15
8:24 p.m.: Suspicious person
A woman in her 50s was carrying a 
plastic bag while yelling profanities and 
spitting on people near the Medical 
Teaching Facility.  Report taken.
 
Sunday, Jan. 16
4:57 p.m.: Possession of marijuana
Someone was caught with marijuana 
in Sixth College because of the 
strong smell. Field interview 
administered.
11:22 p.m.: Suspicious person
A man was seen sleeping under a 
tree near Gilman and Myers Drive. 
Field interview administered.
 
Monday, Jan. 17
2:22 a.m.: General disturbance 

A young male was acting 
aggressively towards his friends, who 
were afraid he would get angrier if 
they took him to the hospital. Report 
taken.
 
Tuesday, Jan. 18
2:25 p.m.: Report of grand theft
About $120,000 worth of ultrasound 
probes were stolen near Thornton 
Hospital.  Information only.
2:41 p.m.: Suspicious vehicle
A car with no one inside had its 
engine running, lights on and doors 
locked.  Verbal warning issued.
4:22 p.m.: Suspicious vehicle
A car was seen with its door propped 
open in a suspicious manner in Lot 
302. Checks OK.
 
Wednesday, Jan. 19
9:06 a.m.: Suspicious person
A 60-year-old woman with white 
hair was seen carrying a backpack 
and walking around the North Mesa 
Apartments. Unable to locate.
10:00 a.m.: Accident, minor injury 
A vehicle hit a pedestrian off Voigt 
Drive, and took them to the Student 
Health Center.  Report taken.
5:00 p.m.: Chemical spill
A bag of blood was found on Regents 
Road.  Referred to other agency.
 
Thursday, Jan. 20
2:00 p.m.: Welfare check
A balding male was concerned 
he might overdose and said he 
would be riding his bike near Price 
Center.  Unable to locate.
8:08 p.m.: Suspicious person
A man with a binder was asking 
for void checks and debit card 
information for selling newspapers 
near the South Mesa apartments. 
Unable to locate.

— Compiled by Massiel 
Valenzuela

 Staff Writer

LIGHTS AND SIRENS JesseÊCheng:ÊRegentsÊBoardÊListensÊtoÊtheÊStudentÊVoice
— for students who want to create change in people’s 
lives.” 

The application is due on Feb. 17 at the chancellor’s 
office. The only requirement is to be a UC student in 
good academic standing. 

The term of the next student Regent, , which is a 
two-year commitment, will start on July 1. Members are 
non-voting members for the first year, and then serve 
in full capacity the second. Benefits include free tuition 
for two years, a parking pass, staff, a travel budget and 
an alumni base.

Cheng shared his experience on the board on KSDT 
radio.

“[The regents] listen [and] our voices are heard,” 
Cheng said. “We have good partnerships with a number 
of regents on numerous issues. We’re always included 
— we have unlimited access to UC Office of the 
President and UC documents and data.”

Cheng said he and his staff have sideline meetings 
with the UC Office of the President and lobby in 
Sacramento about once a month.

“It’s been a good experience, a very difficult one,” 
he said. “[Not] difficult in the sense that we are going 
through real difficult times, but difficult in the sense 
that we are going through real difficult times and we 
are facing really difficult questions.” 

When asked how he feels about working with the 
UC Regents, he said he understands the situations the 
regents deals with.

“[They are] a group of generally good-natured and 
strong people, intelligent people, [who] are facing 
questions that no one really has the answers to,” Cheng 
said. “As a student Regent, you’re kind of put in the 
middle, right, of where we definitely advocate a very 
particular position, we represent students and a very 
particular interest.”

He also offered advice on working with the most 
powerful decision makers in the UC system. 

“You should know how to work the room,” he said. 
“It’s hard work but good work, but you’re fighting for 
people’s lives, you’re fighting for your community.”

In his remaining time as student regent, he will be 
working for the undocumented student community in 
particular. 

“It’s an extreme struggle, especially for marginalized 
communities during that time [and] especially for 
people that are more vulnerable during this time, those 
are the first ones to go,” Cheng said. 

Cheng was accepted to Teach for America in 
Baltimore to teach high school students in social 
science.

Readers can contact Chris McCoy at scmccoy@ucsd.edu.     

approaches in that it relies on a wealth of data about a 
students’ schools and personal circumstances and their 
performance relative to peers who have experienced 
similar opportunities or challenges,” UC President Mark 
G. Yudof said at the meeting.

A.S. President Wafa Ben Hassine said she approved 
of the new process.

“What I like most is that it contextualizes the quality 
of an applicant to the level of opportunity that a student 
had in their high school career, especially with schools 
that are in the lower quintile,” Ben Hassine said.

But the holistic review process will yield controversy 
as well.

“The main counterpoint given is that we’re going to 
have students that don’t qualify, which is such a big flaw,” 
Ben Hassine said.   “That we’re going to have students 
who aren’t eligible or that didn’t work as hard as others.”

Ben Hassine pointed out some may believe that 

holistic review may be a way of getting around the 
affirmative action ban.   But the regents said this 
represents greater equality for students. 

“I’m just excited how the campus will respond to 
this,” Ben Hassine said. “I hope to see fresh faces that 
come from all walks of life.”

The new process is one of the Black Student Union’s 
demands in response to Winter Quarter 2010’s “Compton 
Cookout.”

Cheng said the Regents weren’t familiar with the new 
admissions process before.

“Many UC Regents didn’t know what holistic 
admissions was,” Cheng said. “It’s kind of a policy that 
just came to their table. It used to be a campus-by-
campus conversation. And [it’s] the first time we’re 
dealing with admissions on the systemwide level.”

Additional reporting by Chris McCoy.

Readers can contact Massiel Valenzuela at m1valenz@
ucsd.edu.

▶ CHENG, from page 1

RegentsÊUnfamiliarÊwithÊHolisticÊAdmissionÊBeforeÊMeeting
▶ ADMISSIONS, from page 1



OUT OF CONTEXT

You are more than your test scores, more 
than your GPA.”

BOB JACOBSEN
PHYSICS PROFESSOR, UC BERKELEY“

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/OPINION

OPINION
CONTACTÊTHEÊEDITOR:Êopinion@ucsdguardian.org

MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011

WEB
POLL

WILL YOU 
REQUEST 

A SONG 
FROM THE 

GEISEL BELL 
TOWER?

 45%  
 Yes.

15% 

40% What’s the Geisel 
Bell Tower?

  No.

Like almost everybody else on campus, I spent my first two years at UCSD without a car. 
Which was fine, mostly, or should 
have been according to the orienta-
tion leader who told my Dad as 
much before I ever set foot in the 
freshman dorms. (Bastard.)

What they don’t tell you at ori-
entation, though, or on official cam-
pus tours that spew well-rehearsed 
bullshit about Revelle College being 
the best for future Jeopardy contes-
tants thanks to an avalanche of GEs, 
is that you can’t walk anywhere off 
campus (except, like, the beach — F 
our collective L). 

Sure, there are plenty of shuttles 
and bus lines servicing San Diego, 
and you can get from A to B (and, 
with luck/divine intervention, B 
back to A) pretty easily, provided 
your destination is the mall or gro-
cery store. In today’s issue, we even 
choose five of the best local destina-
tions that are accessible for free by 
campus bus lines. 

But after two years living on 
campus, I’d seen the sights. I’d 
shopped at the PB thrift stores; I’d 
picnicked at Balboa Park; I’d greeted 
the seals, ice cream in hand, at La 
Jolla Cove. And don’t get me wrong: 
It was great. 

Time has a penchant for cru-
elty, though. The freshman-year 
romanticism of a Saturday bus-ride 
getaway with your suitemates kind 
of withers once you realize that 
you could get there in a quarter 
the time if any of you drove. (Or, 
um, once one of them relieves his 
motion sickness via the emergency 
window.)

But then, no one stays in 
the dorms forever, because, as 
stern RAs everywhere are swift 
to remind, living on campus is a 
privilege, not a right. If you’re not 
willing to stop the party at 11 p.m. 
or pay $9 for a cold slab of meat, 
you can take your insubordinate 
ass to Costa Verde. (Which I did. 
Kind of.)

And now that I’m no longer a 
miserable, careless member of the 
on-campus community or cleaning 
wayward spew from my sleeves, I’d 
like to report, without taking to my 
webcam or YouTube, a happy truth: 
It gets better. It really does.

You move into an apartment, 
preferably with people you like, 
you troll Craigslist for cheap/weird 
home furnishings and if you’re 
lucky, you even get a car. No more 
RSOs or undercooked OVT spe-
cials: just you, Rigoberto’s Taco 
Shop and the open, potholed road. 
What’s not to love?

I sort of expected to miss the 
convenience of rolling out of bed 
and into the lecture hall, but mov-
ing off campus doesn’t have to 
mean an end to all that. It’s just 
that now, instead of blasting the 
same Rihanna song en route to 
Price Center every day on my head-
phones, I do it in the car. With all 
the windows down. (More fun for 
everyone!) 

A life of midnight burrito runs, 
it turns out, is a life more worth 
living. 

Tacos,Ê
Rihanna,ÊtheÊ
OpenÊRoad:Ê
ItÊGetsÊBetter

MovingÊBackÊtheÊGoalposts

 At Wit’s
      End
TREVOR COX
trevorcox@ucsd.edu

QUICKTAKES ÊÊPalaceÊof ÊVersaillesÊLuxuryÊHotel

In an effort to renovate the crumbling land-mark, the Public Establishment, a French 
administrative agency, will rent rooms at the 
Palace of Versailles’ Hotel du Grand Control.  
     It’s an ironic twist of fate for the French, who 
once forced the affluent occupants out of the 
building — and now, 300 years later, are begging 
for their return.

Despite a national motto of “Liberty, 
Equality, Fraternity,” only the extraordinarily 
rich will be able to spend time in one of the 23 
bedrooms in the palace. An architectural mas-
terpiece will become a playhouse of the rich. 

Though most visitors can afford a $25 tour of 
the grounds, the spectacular views of the castle 
and greenhouse from the bedroom windows will 
once again be the province of the elite. 

The Palace of Versailles is a symbol of abso-
lute monarchy, until the French revolution, 
and a national treasure. It’s sort of ironic that 
a republic dedicated to the brotherhood and 
equality of its citizens would grant the upper 
class greater access to the landmarks of France. 

After all, it was the privileges of a few that 
initiated a revolution of the many.

 
— Saad Asad

Senior Staff Writer

The Palace of Versailles’ deputy administrator, Mikael Hautchamp, is planning on turning a 
nearby building, into a five-star hotel in an effort 
to fund $7 million in necessary renovations. 

Hautchamp claims the “mission is to save the 
heritage,” yet he’s not blinking an eye in his quest 
to turn the building into something it was never 
meant to be. The heritage of the palace will be 
compromised by guests staying in the French 
landmark.

It is clear that the building needs renovations, 
but the question is why the French government 
isn’t fixing the problem. The palace is a national 
monument, and the French government, not pal-
ace officials, should pay for renovations. 

Despite whatever heritage is at stake, the 
French government has little to do with the 
actual renovations. A Belgian hotel company has 
taken on the project with the assistance of a his-
torical architect.

Many landmarks —Alcatraz, Stonehenge — 
have succumbed to modern business tactics, 
exploiting history for corporate advantage. As 
of next year, the Palace of Versailles will be yet 
another. 

— Revathy Sampath-Kumar
Staff Writer

Some of us may know the Palace of Versailles as a symbol of French monarchy, built by Louis 
XIV in the 17th century. But starting in 2012, we 
may come to know part of this historical landmark 
as a luxury hotel. 

Turning the Hotel du Grand Controle, a 
23-bedroom mansion in the palace, into a luxury 
hotel, would help palace officials restore this piece 
of history without burying itself in a pile of debt, 
as the tourist trap would help fund the necessary 
refurbishing of the palace. 

Thanks both to damages suffered during the 
French Revolution and natural wearing down over 
time, renovating the landmark would cost an esti-
mated $7 million. Attracting more tourists should 
prove the easiest method of raising money without 
putting the government into debt. 

Mikael Hautchamp, the deputy administrator 
for the Palace of Versailles, decided to open up the 
doors to public lodging because, as he points out, 
“many parts of the building are in this very dam-
aged situation. It is very difficult for us because 
our mission is to save the heritage.” 

And if opening the mansion’s doors can help 
save that heritage, we see no harm. Pass the cham-
pagne, please.

— Lexi Halamandaris
Staff Writer

New Hotel Small Price to Pay for HistorySelling Out Isn’t the Only Option Palace Ironically Welcomes Rich Back

  While UCSD’s new holistic admissions review process may level the playing field for minority 
students, there’s no guarantee of greater diversity.

EDITORIAL

This fall, for the very first time, UCSD applications will be evaluated by human readers instead of being processed 
through a formula. They’ll be considered as a 
whole, instead of the sum of various parts and, 
most importantly, the student with private SAT 
classes won’t be compared to the one whose high 
school barely offers the minimum UC require-
ments.

In other words, score one for equality.
Last Wednesday, the UC Board of Regents 

passed an initiative to have UCSD and UC Irvine 
begin to use the holistic admissions process 
already employed by UCLA and UC Berkeley. 
The holistic admissions process evaluates stu-

dents in the context of the opportunities avail-
able to them, and therefore a student from an 
underdeveloped district will have similar chances 
as a student from a rigorous school, even if the 
former has a lower GPA. 

It’s too early to say whether the new process 
is the panacea to our campus’s diversity prob-
lems, but in addition to helping UCSD  stay 
true to its word — last Winter Quarter, Director 
of Admissions Mae Brown promised the Black 
Student Union that UCSD would be making the 
switch — it’s a big step toward leveling the play-
ing field and acknowledging applicants’ privilege.

AngelaÊChen
EDITOR IN CHIEF

TrevorÊCox
MANAGING EDITOR

ReginaÊIp
NEWS EDITOR

CherylÊHori
The UCSD Guardian is published twice a 
week at the University of California at San 
Diego. Contents © 2011. Views expressed 

herein represent the majority vote of the 
editorial board and are not necessarily those 
of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or 

the members of the Guardian staff. See ADMISSIONS,Êpage 5

Y
U

IK
O

 S
U

G
IN

O
/G

U
A
R
D
IA
N

Y
U

IK
O

 S
U

G
IN

O
/G

U
A
R
D
IA
N



OPINIONÊ MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

In the past, admission to UCSD 
was based on little more than plug-
ging some numbers into a weighted 
formula. GPA, SAT and other aca-
demic indicators were weighted 74 
percent. Factors like personal hard-
ship and educational environment, 
first-generation status and leader-
ship were considered (though not 
nearly as much as 
academic success), 
and applicants had 
to meet a specific 
cutoff score to be 
offered admission. 

Proponents of 
comprehensive 
admission argue 
that it is more 
transparent, and it’s 
true: Each applicant 
has a spreadsheet 
showing exactly how she measures 
up. In contrast, holistic review 
employs readers to evaluate applica-
tions with no specific weight for any 
factor, meaning important consider-
ations, like socioeconomic status and 
school quality, can be given greater 
context and consideration.  

Unless you believe that the 
University of California represents an 
equal-opportunity utopia, employ-
ment holistic review is long overdue. 
Though it doesn’t legitimize affirma-
tive action — which is currently ille-
gal under Prop. 209 — it controls for 
other factors that greatly affect aca-
demic success, and proponents like 
Student Regent Jesse Cheng and A.S. 
President Wafa Ben Hassine hope it 
will bring more underrepresented 
minorities to campus. 

The thinking is that maybe, with 
this new process, UCSD’s much-
thrown-about 1.3-percent African-
American statistic will increase to 
rival Berkeley’s, which is admittedly 
paltry itself at 4.8 percent. 

Yet holistic review may not 
necessarily yield exactly this effect. 
When UC officials did research into 
the new UC admissions guidelines 
effective Fall 2012 — guidelines with 
similar goals that eliminate the SAT 
II requirement and change the A-G 
units — they found that the program 
would qualify more low-income 
whites instead of minorities. 

In an 
Academic Senate 
meeting last 
Spring Quarter, 
Committee on 
Admissions Chair 
John Eggers 
said that, of the 
1.9-percent of 
students admit-
ted to UCLA but 
not UCSD, most 
came from fami-

lies with high parent income, weren’t 
first-generation college students 
and weren’t from underfunded high 
schools. 

He theorized that they might 
have been accepted due to factors 
like athletic recruitment, instead 
of being accepted to create greater 
diversity. 

And there are other reasons for 
UCSD’s lack of diversity that holis-
tic admissions may not solve. Even 
though there’s a general upward 
trend of minorities application rates, 
UCSD accepting more minorities 
doesn’t necessarily mean an equal 
amount of minorities will want to 
attend. 

But even if the holistic admis-
sions doesn’t send our diversity 
statistics skyrocketing, or even come 
close to making them representative 
of the state of California, the change 
represents a fundamental improve-
ment in the process of how we evalu-
ate applicants. The result will hope-
fully be a more accessible UCSD.

Research Study
Volunteers Needed

Purpose of Research:

Compensation: $350 is provided as compensation
                                    for volunteers’ time and efforts.

The purpose of this study is to determine if the exact location of a tiny tube placed next to the nerve that 
goes to your thigh a�ects the strength and sensation in the thigh when local anesthetic - or numbing 
medication - is placed through it.

Time Commitment:

Eligibility:

Dates of Study:

Wednesday, starting at 7:00 am and remaining at the research center overnight.  The tiny tube will 
take roughly 5 minutes to place, and the hourly testing will continue throughout the day until 
roughly 8:00 pm.  Volunteers will sleep overnight at the research center to allow the strength in their 
legs to return after the local anesthetic treatment.  However, volunteers are free to watch DVD 
movies, use laptop computers, read, or whatever else they would like to do while remaining in bed.

• 18 years of age or older
• No current daily use of pain killers
• No narcotics/opioid use within the previous 4 weeks
• No medical problems with the nerves or muscles of the legs
• Not pregnant

Ongoing until 17 volunteers are completed.

Basic Protocol:
Volunteers will have a tiny tube - smaller than a piece of spaghetti - placed in each leg:  with the tip of one 
above and one below the nerve that goes to the thigh.  Local anesthetic will be delivered through each tube 
for the next 6 hours at 4 mL/h.  Each hour for 9 hours the strength of your thigh muscle and sensation over 
your knee and thigh will be tested. Volunteers will have a tiny tube - smaller than a piece of spaghetti-
placed in each leg:  with the tip of one above and one below the nerve that goes to the thigh. Local 
anesthetic will be delivered through each tube for the next 6 hours at 4 mL/h.  Each hour for 9 hours the 
strength of your thigh muscle and sensation over your knee and thigh will be tested.

Please Contact Eliza Ferguson, Research Coordinator, UCSD Department of Anesthesiology
(858) 750-8983 or eferguson@ucsd.edu • 6 a.m. to 2 p.m., Monday-Friday

THE LITTLE RINTRAH By Eileen Shi New System Isn’t the Perfect Solution 
to Increasing Minority Admissions 
▶ ADMISSIONS, fromÊpageÊ4

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

UCSD accepting more 
minorities doesn’t 
necessarily mean 
an equal amount of 
minorities will want 
to attend.

Dear Editor,
Thurgood Marshall College is 

holding a Mural Design Contest 
and we are looking for designs. Ever 
notice how empty the white wall at 
Oceanview Lounge is? Well, now’s 
your chance to get your artwork on it. 

In celebration of TMC’s 40th anni-
versary, the Student Committee on 
Residential Engagement is sponsoring 
a mural design contest. The mural 
will act as a visual legacy to those 

who made TMC what it is today, the 
principles we Marshallites hold dear, 
and the dreams we wish for our com-
munity to accomplish. Working with 
multiple organizations, we hope to 
encompass a variety of visions and 
begin the painting process in Spring 
Quarter. 

The art submitted must include 
principles/ideas/concepts relevant to 
TMC (this includes the 40th anniver-
sary, student/citizen, diversity, justice, 
imagination, know-check-be philoso-
phy, etc). Words/quotes can also be 
incorporated into artwork as the artist 
sees fit. Semi-finalists will be decided 

by members of S.C.O.R.E. and mem-
bers of the TMC Student Affairs team. 

The finalists will be chosen by the 
students of TMC by means of online 
voting. Anyone from any college can 
submit a design, as long as it incorpo-
rates the TMC themes. 

To find out more, check out 
our advertisements in Thoroughly 
Good Marshall News, visit the TMC 
Residential Life Office or e-mail 
hsaitta@ucsd.edu.

The deadline for submissions is 
Friday, Feb. 25, 2011. 

—Maria Gerega
Sophomore, Marshall College

Mural Contest Will 
Brighten Marshall Walls  



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2010 CAMPUS CALENDAR

Week of 1/24-1/30

F U N  &  E N T E R T A I N M E N T

Roma Nights: Winter Quarter 
2011 - Start the week off right with 
Roma Nights, University Center's weekly 
series featuring UCSD's own singer-
songwriters, every Monday night at 
8pm! Listen to talented student artists 
while enjoying delicious pastries, coffees, 
teas, and the artwork in Price Center's 
Espresso Roma, 8pm. 

F U N  &  E N T E R T A I N M E N T

Free Food on ‘Tasty Tuesday’ at 
The Zone - Every Tuesday, something 
tasty is cooking in our demonstration 
kitchen. If you're hungry for a little snack 
or interested in simple, healthy cooking, 
stop by and check it out! Each week we 
have a different featured chef and sponsor. 
The event runs from 5:00 to 6:30 pm, 
in The Zone!

Film Screening: Cara de Queso, 
Mi Primer Ghetto - Join UCSD Visiting 
Professor Isaac Artenstein for a pre- and 
post-screening discussion focused on the 
Jewish experience in Spanish-speaking 
countries, and showing samples of his 
work, including 'Tijuana Jews' (which aired 
on KPBS). Artenstein is scheduled to teach 
courses on media production and media 
stereotypes in the UCSD Communication 
Department this year. 8 pm at The Loft 

Jan 3 – 31 – Blood Donor Month

Jan 3 – end of the quarter – Chancellor Marye 
Anne fox is challenging all students, faculty, 
staff, alumni and university friends to perform 
50 hours of community service during UC San 
Diego’s 50th Anniversary celebration. To register 
for Volunteer50, visit http://volunteer50.ucsd.
edu.

A T H L E T I C S

Baseball – vs. San Diego Christian 
College at UC San Diego, 2pm

F U N  &  E N T E R T A I N M E N T

Salsa Club at UCSD: Free Dance 
Lessons! - Come join the Salsa Club! 
Beginners lesson from 7-8 pm followed 
by an advanced class and social dancing. 
Learn how to dance salsa! All UCSD 
affiliated persons are welcome: that 
means students, staff, and faculty. First 
time is free! Sponsored by Salsa Club 
at UCSD, a registered UCSD student 
organization. 7pm at PC East Dance/ 
Multi-purpose Room

Where I’m Calling From at 
The Loft - Where I'm Calling From is 

A R T  &  C U L T U R E

Open Mic Night at the Food 
Co-op - Mania Magazine and the 
Food Co-op present the artists of Mania 
Magazine, and you! Even if you haven't 
been published in Mania, you're welcome 
to come out and share your     work. There 
will be poetry, live music, short films, 
and art on display. Let us know if you're 
interested in performing, or just come out 
to enjoy a night of UCSD's talent! 7pm.

A T H L E T I C S 

Women’s Basketball – vs. Sonoma 
State at Rohnert Park, 5: 30pm

Men’s Basketball – vs. Sonoma State 
at Sonoma, 7:30pm

F U N  &  E N T E R T A I N M E N T 

Therapy Fluffy! Thursdays at 
The Zone - Pet a pup! You will leave 
with a warm heart and a smiling face! 
Studies show that petting a dog is a 
wonderful way to relieve stress, so the 
Office of Student Wellness sponsors a 
different therapy dog each Thursday from 
1:30 to 2:30 pm in The Zone. 

Free Zumba Classes Thursdays 
at The Zone - Calorie-burning, body-
energizing, awe-inspiring movements 
based on Latin rhythms. Zumba trims and 
strengthens your core, and it's a blast! 
Every Thursday in The Zone from 
5:00 to 5:45 pm.

A R T  &  C U L T U R E

The Threepenny Opera - The 
underworld rises to the surface as the 
ruthless gangster Mack the Knife climbs 
over corrupt politicians, crooked cops, and 
unfaithful lovers on his way to the top. 
Does he have what it takes to become 'too 
big to fail?' Director Jeffrey Wienckowski 
sets this production amidst the turmoil 
of the Great Depression, turning Brecht's 
epic classic with rollicking music by Kurt 
Weill into a parable about the sellout of 
the American Dream. 8pm at UCSD 
Potiker Theatre

A T H L E T I C S

Swim – vs. Hawaii, Wyoming, and San 
Diego State (Men) at UC San Diego, 
3pm

Men’s Volleyball – vs. Hawaii at UC 
San Diego, 7pm

A T H L E T I C S

Women’s Water Polo - vs. Michigan, 
UCSB Winter Invite at Santa Barbara, 
10:55am

Swim – vs. Hawaii and Wyoming 
(Women) at UC San Diego, 12pm

Women’s Water Polo - vs. Vanguard, 
UCSB Winter Invite at Santa Barbara, 
2:25pm

A T H L E T I C S

Women’s Water Polo - vs. Sonoma 
State, UCSB Winter Invite at Santa 
Barbara, 9:30am

Women’s Water Polo - vs. UC Santa 
Barbara, UCSB Winter Invite at Santa 
Barbara, 12:40pm

Monday Jan 24 Tuesday Jan 25

Wednesday Jan 26

Thursday Jan 27

Friday Jan 28

Saturday Jan 29

Sunday Jan 30

ONGOING

Where I'm
Calling From

Wednesday, January 26 
8pm, The Loft

Film Screeneing:
Cara de Queso 

Tuesday, January 25 
8pm, The Loft

W O R K S H O P S / I N F O / 
L E C T U R E S

Career-Focused Programs in 
Digital Arts: Info Session - The 
Digital Arts Center offers career-focused, 
project-based, full-time programs in: 
Graphic & Web Design * Video & Editing * 
Casual Gaming * Game Design for iPhone, 
iPod, iPad & App Development. 6pm at 
UCSD Extension Sorrento Mesa

W O R K S H O P S / 
I N F O / L E C T U R E S

Game Chargers for Nuclear 
Energy, with Particular 
Attention to China - Professor 
Michael May will present the findings of a 
year-long CISAC-Stanford study of possible 
game changers in the nuclear power 
field with emphasis on China. 4pm at 
Robinson Bldg Complex, Rm 3202

Passport: Self Reflection 
Leadership Workshop - Part 
of being a leader begins with self-
awareness and understanding the sorts 
of experiences we bring to communities 
and how this impacts the work we do. This 
workshop engages participants in self-
reflection to help understand how to be 
an effective and influential leader. 5pm 
Cross Culture Ctr., PC East Level 2

A T H L E T I C S

Softball – vs. Concordia (Exhibition) 
(DH) at UC San Diego, 5pm

Jan 24 – Jan 28 – ‘The Future’ An Art Exhibition 
Curated by Lara Bullock - The Future', curated by 
Lara Bullock features the work of Nina Baker, 
Ela Boyd, Daniela Calandra, Adrienne Garbini, 
Chris Kardambikis, Anna Lavatelli, Ryan Lieu, 
Esteban Schimpf, David White, Joe Yorty. Show 
runs Jan 24-28 in the VAF Gallery, 10-5pm, 
M-F. The show includes an Open Seminar 
on Thursday, Jan 27th 4-6pm and a Closing 

trombonist Michael Dessen, bassist Mark 
Dresser, and percussionist Steven Schick: 
all from different corners of the musical 
map.  Come and join The Loft for a one-
of-a-kind performance! UCSD Student 
Member: $4 Advance, PAYC at the 
Door. UCSD Student: $8 Regular: 
$12. Starts 8pm

W O R K S H O P S / I N F O / 
L E C T U R E S

Passport: The Etiquette of 
Managing Successful Meetings 
- Learn the art of professional 
communication and articulating your 
ideas to groups. Make sure you are in the 
know on basic meeting etiquette, meeting 
management, and presenting yourself 
effectively when working in teams or on 
committees.  2pm at the Red Shoe 
Rm, Price Ctr West Level 2

W O R K S H O P S / I N F O /
L E C T U R E S

Teaching Diversity Conference 
- This conference has over 100 presenters 
including faculty, staff, students, alumni 
and community college instructors. The 
conference will discuss the following 
questions: * How do we teach students 
to consider the implications of the 
individual's and others' identities and 
membership in multiple groups bounded 
by race, ethnicity, gender, religion, class, 
sexual orientation, ability, and national 
origin? 8:30am – 5pm at Cross Culture 
Center, PC East Level 2
 
Communication: The Key 
Ingredient to Your Success! 
- CommunicateUCSD! This interactive 
session will demonstrate the importance 
of communication in and out of the 
classroom. Participants will learn the art of 
using different styles of communication to 
be most effective in any situation. 2pm at 
the Red Shoe Room, PC West 

Legal Consequence of Science 
and Medicine - Join Community 
Law Project for a seminar on medical 
malpractice. Hear speakers, meet and 
join other student organizations, obtain 
information on how to get into USD law 
school or UCSD medical school, more. Free 
refreshments! 5pm at the Original 
Student Center

F U N  &  E N T E R T A I N M E N T 

College Day at Farmers 
Insurance Open Golf 
Tournament - See many of the 
greatest names in golf while supporting 
UCSD students. $15 of every 'Support 
Our Schools' ticket sold will be given to 
UCSD by the Farmers Insurance Open to 
support student scholarships through the 
UCSD Student Foundation. Purchase your 
discounted tournament tickets from the 
UCSD Alumni Association today! At the 
Torrey Pines Golf Course

O P P O R T U N I T I E S

Experience Fair - Are you interested 
in learning from experience through 
academic and extracurricular programs 
such as internships, mentored research, 
volunteering, study abroad, service 
learning, and leadership development? 
Join the Experiential Learning Consortium 
for the Experience Fair!! The fair will be 
located at the Career Services Center 
Plaza  

Women’s Basketball – vs. Humbolt 
State at Arcata, 5:30pm

Men’s Volleyball – vs. Hawaii at UC 
San Diego, 7pm

Basball – vs. Point Loma (Exhibition) at 
UC San Diego, 7pm

Men’s Basketball – vs. Humbolt 
State at Arcata, 7:30pm

F U N  &  E N T E R T A I N M E N T

DBR & DJ Scientific – Woodbox 
Beats & Balladry - Daniel Bernard Roumain 
(DBR) wows audiences with classical violin 
technique fused with the beats of his 
collaborator, DJ Scientific, on turntables. 
8pm at the Loft

Reception on Friday, Jan 28th 7-10pm. The 'future' 
is more than temporal. The future is the realm of 
projected desires but also provides solace through 
its hypothetical nature and a cliched trope used in 
quotidian realms from politics to science fiction. 
The future is unavoidable but never actually 
happens. The works in this exhibition explore 
various expressions of this often absurd concept. 
Refreshments served.

Love the Homeless UCSD is hoping 
to start hosting BBQ's to provide food, fun, 
and community for all San Diego residents, 
especially those without a roof over their head. 
Pepsi is hosting a grant program to refresh our 
communities. We hope to raise $25,000 to 
make this dream a reality. Please help by voting 
for our idea at
www.refresheverything.com/lovethehomeless



 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 7WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/FOCUSWWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/FOCUS MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011

LEISURE
CONTACTÊTHEÊEDITOR:Êleisure@ucsdguardian.org

AN APPLE 
A DAY

SLEEP DEPRIVATION

A UCSD med student 
tells us why getting 
eight hours of sleep 

is so important.

The average college 
student can only dream of 
getting eight hours of sleep 
a night, but getting enough 

shut-eye can actually 
prevent weight gain and 
stress. The stress hormone 
Cortisone is secreted by 
the adrenal gland and is 
responsible for regulating 

your body’s metabolic and 
cardiovascular systems. 
The gland only secretes 

the correct amount when 
you’re asleep for more than 
four consecutive hours — so 
napping in lecture doesn’t 

count. But hitting the 
snooze button just may do 

the trick. 

Off the Beaten Path

RESTAURANTREVIEW • MINA NILCHIAN

L ocated in a concrete strip mall at University Town Square, a 
20-minute bus ride from 
campus, Lorna’s Italian 
Kitchen offers a charming 
view of the VONS parking 
lot — not exactly reminis-
cent of a romantic summer 
in Tuscany. 

The décor doesn’t 
scream “La Dolce Vita” 
whimsy, but the food is 
something to write home 
about, offering reason-
ably priced Italian comfort food with a 15-minute wait. 
Lorna’s is family-owned by restaurateur Steven Stern, a 
self-taught cook who moved back to San Diego from Los 
Angeles after opening several restaurants there. Stern has 
been keeping a hands-on approach in maintaining the 
restaurant since its inception in the 1980s, and sharing 
grandma’s prized recipes for just as long. 

It’s a fact the owner is proud of: Lorna’s menu reminds 
us that it was “established in 1988”— and the restaurant 
looks it, too. The chessboard-like black-and-white floor 
is an odd match for the red-checkered tablecloths and 
wicker metal-trimmed chairs. Candlelight bounces off 
wooden beams, giving the restaurant a rustic quality, 
barely illuminating walls laden with archetypal scenes of 
Italia (girls on Vespas and plump, mustachioed chefs).

A basket of warm, freshly baked sourdough bread 
arrives, and all clichés are forgiven. It’s easy to polish 
off the fluffy white loaf (not that the chipper, casually-
dressed wait staff will let your basket stay empty for long), 
but save room for Lorna’s generous portions, which can 

easily be split for an extra $2.
The gnocchi ($12.25) — a soft, doughy Italian potato 

dumpling, boiled in hot water — is topped with a choice 
of garlic cream sauce, pesto or Gorgonzola tomato. Opt 
for the garlic cream — the milky-white, creamy sauce 
lightly drips over each carefully-crafted ivory oval pillow, 
making for a remarkably filling combination. 

The manicotti ($12.25) — ricotta cheese, Parmesan, 
parsley and nutmeg all stuffed inside a soft homemade 
pasta crepe — is a satisfyingly punchy mixture of sharp, 
crumbly cheese and pungent herbs, doused in a light 
tomato marinara sauce. 

The linguini carbonara ($12.75) was muted by com-
parison — a thick, flat and reheated pasta, originally 
frozen, diced with a heavy hand of salty pancetta, peas 
and mushrooms (with more steamed veggies than pork) 
in a parmesan sauce that sat in lumpy defiance on each 
oily strand. A saltshaker was an imperative sidekick to the 
dull dish.

Despite the limp pasta, Lorna’s reasonable pricing, 
giant portions, proximity to campus (and the waiters’ 
voracious distaste for bare plates) is a welcome reminder 
of our home kitchen — and an excellent reason to dig out 
those forgotten pants with the elastic waistband. 

LORNA’S ITALIAN KITCHEN 945 Governor DriveSan Diego, CA  92122(858) 452-0661

Hours: 
Tuesday-Thursday 
11 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Friday 11 a.m. - 10 p.m.
Saturday & Sunday 
4 p.m. - 9 p.m.

Price Range: $5-$21

Recommended: 
Gnocchi with garlic 
cream sauce

F or many students, going to UCSD without a set of wheels is akin to being caged in a giant, over-sanitized bubble. And for those of us without an obliging friend with a car, the pur-
ple UCSD Free Bus Zone sticker is a get-out-of-jail-free card. Available to all 
undergrads at the Transportation Services Office, the sticker covers most local 
bus lines and is funded by our student fees, making it “free” for the school 
year. The 3, 10, 30, 41, 101, 150, 201/202 and 921 routes are all included. 

For the precocious student, these bus lines are the ticket out of La Jolla, 
and will go as north as Oceanside and as south as Balboa Park and Old Town.  

You’ve already dropped the green for it, so put it to good use (unlike that 
gym fee). Here, we list our top five spots to check out in the San Diego area — 

armed with nothing but your shoes, wallet and bus pass.

Torrey Pines Beach
Bus Stop: North Torrey Pines

Tucked away past the Torrey Pines Natural Reserve, just before the 
shops of Del Mar, Torrey Pines Beach is a beach bum’s  isolated paradise. 
The beach is a long stretch of narrow, dark, grainy sand, yet it extends 
along the coast uninterrupted for so long as to appear never-ending. 
When facing the glittering ocean from a sun-soaked towel, you can see 
the coast stretching out to the south all the way to La Jolla. To the north, 
the shore rises into cliffs, cradling benches and trails with stunning 
snippets of horizon.  

Best of all, Torrey Pines is largely devoid of the tourists you’d 
encounter at La Jolla Shores, making for a less hectic atmosphere. 
Though it’s not where the next “Animal House” or “Hangover” will take 
place (the majority of visitors at Torrey Pines are young families), the 
effect still isn’t marred by the presence of screaming tykes, or slow-
moving old-timers. 

To get to the beach (Torrey Pines is one of the easiest to get to by 
bus), take the NCTD 101 bus “The Breeze” from Gilman and Myers 
Drive for about 20 minutes. The bus drops you off at the top of a long 
cement ramp that gradually slopes right into the sand. 

Hidden San Diego gems 
await, and all you need is 
a purple bus sticker.
By Morgan Aiken-Young

See BUS, page 8

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN

ERIK ROBERTS/GUARDIAN



8 THE UCSD GUARDIANÊ MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011Ê LEISURE

The bus line travels between UTC and Oceanside, and became free for UCSD students in 
2007. The addition expands UCSD’s free bus zone by 31 miles. The 101 line is also useful for 
connecting to the Solana Beach Amtrak station. 

Torrey Pines Reserve
Bus Stop: North Torrey Pines

Bars,ÊBeachesÊandÊLocalÊParks:ÊAllÊWithinÊReach,ÊEvenÊWithoutÊaÊCar
▶ BUS, fromÊpageÊ7

With the best landscape to get your wild-thing on within spitting distance of La Jolla, the trails 
at Torrey Pines Reserve cover 2000 acres of land that remain largely untouched by civilization. 
Take the 101 line north, just as you would for Torrey Pines Beach, for about 20 minutes. Past the 
small visitor’s center — which details the cultural and natural history of the reserve — are eight 
miles of trails. 

The park gates are open to the public from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. every day, and on the weekends 
and holidays guided nature walks are available for free for up to 10 people. Torrey Pines is a day-
use park, meaning there’s no camping or picnicking allowed. And in light of the $10 parking fee, 
the benefits of taking the bus far outweigh the convenience of driving — just jump right off the 
bus and head out to the sandstone and clay trails.

Wild flowers jut out of carved cliffs, and the natural pond shimmers nearby. 
“The trails provide magnificent views of the ocean and of the reserve,” Revelle College sopho-

more Nick Oliver said. “You can get to many of the different trails that run through the park. 
Some of them even run down to the beach from the road.” 

The reserve’s elevation ranges from below sea level to 300 feet.  Park docent Stephanie 
Parkington recommends the Guy Fleming Loop. The trail, which spans two-thirds of a mile, is 
one of a few options for the beginning runner. 

More challenging paths are also available — the 1.3-mile Broken Hill Trail can be combined 
with the Razor Point and Beach Trails to form an expansive three-mile loop. Most of the trails 
provide access to unspoiled beaches along the way, and each presents stunning views. 

Garnet Avenue
Bus Stop: Felspar St. and Mission Blvd.

The shops, salons, bars and clubs on Garnet 
Avenue offer a wide range of activities for a 
smaller range of people — namely college stu-
dents and bar rats. Get off at Felspar Avenue and  
Mission for prime access. 

At midday, Pacific Beach is still in a hangover 
lull, inviting visitors to explore at their own pace. 
It’s an interesting contrast to the avenue’s atmo-
sphere once the sun sets — before the dive bars 
and nightclubs begin to pump music and fill the 
air with the tantalizing smells of Taco Tuesdays. 

This street is lined with attractive boutiques, 
cafes, surf shops, coffee shops, salons and a 
Trader Joe’s. 

“Pacific Beach is a really awesome place if you 
know where to go,” Revelle College senior Jenny 
O’Hara said. “You can go big and go to the hot 
spots like the Tavern and Typhoon Saloon. [But] 
the best places in PB are the ones that only the 
locals know about. Cass Street Bar and Grill and 

Thrusters are the best places to go if you’re look-
ing for a fun night out with a couple friends.” 

Cass Street, a PB standard with good beer, 
fried food and shuffleboard, is conveniently close 
to the Felspar bus stop; Thrusters, a laid-back 
lounge with nightly DJs and dancing, is a few 
streets down from Garnet at Emerald Court. 
Typhoon Saloon is one of the busier, more main-
stream clubs of Garnet Avenue. According to 
manager James Greon, students should get to 
Garnet early on Tuesdays to avoid being left out 
in the cold.

 “The busiest nights are probably Taco 
Tuesdays, and the crowd always consists of stu-
dents and young adults,” Greon said. “Students 
can even use their school IDs on Thursdays and 
sometimes Fridays to get into the VIP lounge.”  

PB is best suited for those over the legal 
drinking age, but the variety of restaurant fare 
still draws an underage college crowd. 

Prospect St./Girard Ave./La Jolla Cove
Bus Stop: Silverado St. and Herschel Ave.

Just 15 minutes away on the 30 are the 
abundant shops of Girard Avenue, the fine 
dining of Prospect Street and the picturesque 
La Jolla Cove. 

Girard Avenue can err on the pricey side 
(like the LF boutique and Let’s Go, where a 
measly T-shirt will set you back about $50), 
but certain shops are friendlier to student 
budgets. The cheapest is Pink Zone, which 
offers a wide selection of women’s clothing at 
low prices. Lucky Brand Jeans, the Gap and 
other reasonable brands line the side streets. 

Revelle College sophomore Justin Yuan 
said that Girard Avenue has a variety of 
options. 

“I used to take the 30 line down to Girard 
and go to La Jolla Music,” Yuan said,  “It’s 
a small music store that I really like for its 
atmosphere. It’s quiet and the employees 
aren’t annoyingly attempting to sell you stuff 
you don’t need, like at [Grossmont’s] Guitar 
Center. I’d purposely not buy multiple packs 
of classical guitar strings just so I could go 
back and look around.”

Close to Girard, you’ll find Prospect 
Street, a picturesque road that winds its way 
along the coast. The upscale street might 
seem overwhelming, as it’s dominated by 
high-end restaurants, hotels and art galleries. 

But Warren College sophomore Vinh Diep 
explained that there are student-friendly des-
tinations on Prospect as well. 

“On Prospect, you have to go to the Peter 
Lik photography gallery; there’s all kinds of 
crazy, awesome shots from all over the world 
that’ll blow your mind,” Diep said. “I also 
like to stop at the Rocky Mountain Candy 
Factory and get caramel apples.”

The candy shop is a one-stop shop to 
feed your sweet tooth. From the Chocolate 
Factory to Gelateria Frizzante, Prospect’s 
selection of delectable desserts is impressive. 

Restaurants worth dropping dimes at 
include Sushi on the Rock, Smashburger and 
Jose’s — so use the money you saved on gas 
to buy some grub outside of OVT’s phospho-
rescent walls. 

Just below Prospect Street, La Jolla Cove 
affords an incredible view of the Pacific. The 
Cove also has a lush, grassy park — perfect 
for picnics and tossing around a Frisbee. 
Below the scenic park are the tide pools, lit-
tered with sea anemones, starfish and crabs. 

While small, the beach is a prime spot 
for snorkelers who explore the cove looking 
for garibaldi fish and swim alongside the sea 
lions and seals who frequent the area. 

Balboa Park
Bus Stop: 30 to Old Town transit, 10 to University Ave and Park Blvd,

 7 to Park Blvd and Village Place

If you’re looking more for arts and culture than beach-side bars and bros, head to Balboa 
Park in downtown San Diego. Be sure to budget about an hour and a half travel time each 
way on the 30 South, the Blue Line or the 7, though the Park Boulevard exit will drop you off 
right in front of the entrance. 

The park itself is open every day and is free, but getting into the museums (around $6), 
plays ($40 and up), zoo ($40) or other attractions requires a ticket. Grassy fields flank the 
entrance — a long bridge that runs over the freeway, ending in towering Spanish Revival style 
stone arches, welcoming impromptu picnickers or smog-choked bus riders to lounge around. 

“The best memories I have of Balboa Park would have to be tossing a Frisbee around the 
disc gold course with friends, or listening to the soothing music at the organ pavilion,” Revelle 
College sophomore Mike Adsit said.  

About 20 museums lie inside Balboa’s boundaries, most of which line the park’s main 
walkway alongside water fountains and potted plants, like the Japanese Friendship Garden 
and the Museum of Man (which offers free entrance for Making of the Modern World 1 
students). The park also houses the San Diego Zoo, tennis and golf complexes and a work-
ing theater that’s an exact replica of the Globe, plus a few moderately priced restaurants and 
cafes.   

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN



I f your eyes have started to burn from study-ing under the harsh fluorescent Geisel lights, Action Sport Rentals in Mission Bay is a welcome 
escape.

After a short 13-minute drive down the I-5 from 
UCSD to the Mission Bay Hilton, you’ll find your-
self far enough from Dr. Seuss’ namesake to forget 
the economics midterm you haven’t started study-
ing for. 

After a quick walk through the outdoor patio of 
the Hilton’s concierge desk — don’t forget to stop 
at the hotel’s bayside bar and grab an $9 strawberry 
daiquiri on your way back —hit the Action Sport 
sands of Mission Bay. Because the rental office is 
secluded behind the Hilton, patrons are predomi-
nantly hotel guests. 

Most rentals range from $20-$40 per hour for 
everything from kayaks to jet skis, with all the neces-
sary equipment included (wetsuits, life jackets, kay-
aks, paddles, etc) — just don’t forget your sunscreen. 

Pick a day with clear weather and dress appro-
priately for open-water kayaks (and cute dock 
boys): a T-shirt, shorts, flip-flops and sunglasses are 
your best bet. 

Once you’re on the beach, the Action Sport 
cabana is perched on a dock surrounded by motor-
boats and small sailboats, a 15-yard walk from the 
Hilton. Aside from a few hotel guests basking in 
pod-shaped wicker chairs, it’s practically a private 
beach for action sport enthusiasts. 

 The crew has open cubbies to put your bags in, 
but because they’re located right behind an open-
faced desk, be careful. Security is questionable.  

For $20, you can kayak around the bay and 
Fiesta Island (which, curiously, is not an island, but 
a peninsula). 

The locale’s also ideal for shell collectors and 
those looking to escape the crowds at La Jolla Shores. 
Across the water from the Action Rental hut is the 
foliage-covered Fiesta Island. If your inner child 
strikes while you’re at sea, feel free to dock your 
kayak on the island’s shores and climb in their play 
structure. 

The friendly Action Sport staff are eager to give 
beginners a tutorial. The hardest part is getting in 
the kayak without falling in the water — though the 
staff are more than willing to hold your boat steady 
as you climb in on the shore. 

Once you’re situated, a crewmember will hand 

you a paddle and show you how to stop the kayak, 
as well as different rowing techniques. It’s just you 
and the Pacific from there. 

Don’t be afraid to be adventurous. You have the 
entire Mission Bay to explore, so feel free to move 
outside the Action Sport buoys. Even an hour-long 
rental should be more than enough to circle the bay 
and visit Fiesta Island. 

Action Sport Rentals are open Monday through 
Friday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and Saturday and 
Sunday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. 

— CHERYL HORI
SENIOR STAFF WRITER

LEISUREÊ MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 9 

SITESEEN

ACTION SPORT RENTALS: I’M ON A BOAT 1775  East Mission Bay Drive San Diego, CA 92109(619) 226-2955

HAVE A
DRINK ON US

HANGOVER CURE

Scientists prove 
coffee and aspirin 
are (still) the best 
hangover cures.

It’s a sad day: Scientists 
have debunked our fa-

vorite bizarre homemade 
hangover remedies in favor 

of coffee and aspirin.  At 
Thomas Jefferson University 
of Philadelphia, professor 

Michael Oshinsky induced 
headaches in rats using 
ethanol and found that 

caffeine and painkillers best 
counteract the unpleasant 
effects, relieving migraines 

four to six hours after ethanol 
was ingested. 

ERIKA JOHNSON/GUARDIAN

Why Advertise in
the Guardian?

60,000 eyes & other good reasons.
Call 858-534-0466 to reserve your spot!

ucsdguardian.org

CALL

NOW
 FOR

SPEC
IAL

PRICI
NG!



Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

CLASSIFIEDSMONDAY, JANUARY 24, 201110 THE UCSD GUARDIAN

1/20/11 Sudoku Solutions

Find the Crossword solution in this Thursday's Classifieds Page 

STUDENT HOUSING
3 bedroom condo near UTC, UCSD avail-
able now for $1850 per month (includes 
water and trash).  2 parking spaces, wash-
er/dryer.  Call 858-205-9059 for more info. 
(1/31)

JOBS
Part time assisstant for psychiatrist 
needed. Flexable four hour day Monday 
through Friday. Office is walking distance 
to campus. Duties:   reception, data entry 
cofortable with mac and pc.  Fax resume 
to 858-453-1796 or email wachsmanmd@
sbcglobal.net 

I need of a nanny/tutor for 2 kids in after-
noon. Monday,Tuesday, Thursday, Friday 
2:30-5:30 and Wednesday 12:30-5:30. 
Must have reliable transportation, pass 
background check. Please send photo, 
type of car you have and resume if you 
have it or description. Email tongovarga@
me.com (1/24)

Looking for periodic babysitter for 2 
kids- ages 2 & 4.  Must have experience 
with references, must drive, CPR certified. 
Email brandinishnick@yahoo.com  (124)

Eyeblink Study: up to $260. Healthy par-
ticipants needed: 18-35, right handed, 
drug-free, no psychiatric history.  Studies 
on M-F, 9-4 only.  UCSDMC, Hillcrest. (619) 
543-2314 or  eyeblinkstudy@gmail.com.  
(1/24)

Earn Extra Money Students needed ASAP 
Earn up to $150 per day being a Mystery 
Shopper No Experience Required Call 
1-877-606-1310 (2/3)

CAMPUS LIFE
Dancer? Is dance your passion? Please 
see my ad: Craigslist.org - San Diego - 
Community, and search: Seeking Female 
Dance Partner. Thanks, Mike.  Email open-
heartdance@gmail.com (1/31)

PETS
2 Tea-cups Yorkshires Free To Re-Homing  
Contact: xtionbert@gmail.com

Across
1 Where many knots are tied
6 Tabula __: blank slate
10 Elmer's product
14 Ballerina's rail
15 In __: stuck
16 Bear with too-hot porridge
17 Twisty-horned antelope
18 Powerful wind
19 Tiny army marchers
20 Comfortable situation to live in, with 

"the"
23 Anonymous Jane
24 Research facility
25 Songwriter Neil
27 A deuce used as an ace, say
32 Store, as a hose
33 "Much __ About Nothing"
34 Beethoven's Third
36 Li'l Abner's creator Al
39 Went to the polls
41 Cyberchuckle, and a hint to this puz-

zle's four longest answers
42 Cake maker
43 "Born Free" lioness
44 "Romeo and Juliet" city
46 Before, to Shakespeare
47 "Free Willy" critter
49 Turns on, as an engine
51 What mirrors do
54 Golfer's support
55 Dot-com's address
56 Low-paying but rewarding project
62 Very dry, as Champagne
64 Musical quality
65 __ but wiser
66 Nuts
67 Ending for exist
68 Leaves out
69 Actress Sommer
70 Nut, e.g.
71 Past or present

Down
1 Adam's second son
2 Refrain syllables
3 Mouse catcher
4 Golfer Palmer
5 Showing shame
6 Brand over spaghetti
7 Brand under the sink
8 Spanish toast
9 Part of USA
10 4.0, for one: Abbr.
11 Minnesota-based dairy cooperative
12 Pulitzer author Sinclair
13 Relaxed
21 Angle iron
22 NBA's __ Ming
26 Glittery mineral
27 Breaker at the shore
28 People magazine focus
29 "Like that's going to work!"
30 Romeo or Juliet, e.g.
31 Christian's dresses?
35 Coagulate, as blood
37 Lima's country
38 Get ready, briefly
40 British peer
42 Like a stroller at the shore, shoewise
44 Moves out
45 Peacekeeping gp. since 1949
48 Animation collectible
50 "Out with it!"
51 Moscow money
52 Filmdom's Flynn
53 Steakhouse steak
57 Grimm beginning
58 Oboe or bassoon
59 Chief Norse god
60 Docs for doggies and dogies
61 Gaelic language
63 Stubbed digit

Print Classifieds available: $5 for 30 words per issue

GUARDIAN
CLASSIFIEDS

FOR UCSD STAFF
& STUDENTS

FREE
ONLINE

ucsdguardian.campusave.com

CLICK ON
“TRAVEL DEALS”

AT THE TOP

SPRING BR
EAK

TRAVEL DE
ALS!

ONLINE

mexico 
• baham

as • jam
aica •

mexico 
• baham

as • jam
aica •

mexico 
• baham

as • jam
aica •

ﬂoridaﬂoridamex
ico • las

 vegas
mexico 

• las veg
as

mexico 
• baham

as • jam
aica •

mexico 
• las veg

as

mexico 
• baham

as • jam
aica •

ﬂoridamex
ico • las

 vegas

ﬂorida



SPORTSÊ MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011Ê THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

When you know it’s going to 
take your absolute best 
performance to make the 
grade, you can give your brain 
a boost with Study Buddy™, 
an ingenious supplement now 
available at two convenience 
stores on the UCSD campus.

Study Buddy™ is brainpower 
in a package created 

specifically for university 
students.

“Study Buddy was developed 
with natural ingredients that 
help students perform better,” 
says Tyler Johansen, company 
founder. “Campus life and 
curriculum demands 
occasionally collide, but 
professors rarely are 

sympathetic about these 
‘scheduling conflicts.’ Study 
Buddy is the answer. It helps 
improve mental performance.”

According to Company 
literature, Study Buddy™ was 
designed to:

Improve Focus
Improve Memory
Improve Mental Clarity
Improve Mental Stamina 
Improve Recollection

Johansen believes students are 
faced with so many academic, 
economic and social pressures 
that staying sharp and focused 
all the time is difficult. 

“Study Buddy is a safe, 
effective supplement that helps 
improve memory, 
concentration and focus.”

Study Buddy™ is available 
next to the cash register at 
Sunshine Market and Perks 
Café. 

For more information visit 
facebook.com/StudyBuddyFanPage or 

email 
info@StudyBuddySupplements.com.

Finally, a “Study Buddy” with benefits!

ing the score 59-58 with 1:22 on the clock. 
Laudermill responded with a bucket of his 
own, and each team was stopped defensively 
on the next two possessions. The Tritons 
got the ball with 14 seconds remaining but 
were forced into a bad shot, and sophomore 
forward Justin Brue’s three-pointer fell well 
short to give the Coyotes the victory.

“I’m very proud of our effort, especially 
in the second half,” Carlson said. “We didn’t 
play a very good first half, but we made some 
adjustments and I thought the guys did a 
great job. The biggest thing was to come out 
with a greater sense of urgency, and I thought 
we did that and we gave ourselves a chance 
to win.”

Ryan had a game-high 21 points to go 
with seven rebounds, and freshman guard 
James McCann and junior center Christian 
Hatch added 14 and 12 points, respectively. 

Laudermill gave the Tritons problems all 
night, as the opposing 6’7” forward put in 20 
points and grabbed a game-high of 15 boards.  

The game against Cal Poly Pomona was 
eerily similar to Thursday night’s game, with 
the Tritons once again having to battle back 
before failing to convert a shot at the buzzer. 
The Tritons erased a 10-point deficit in the 
second half and led 46-42 with just over six 
minutes remaining, but the Broncos scored 
seven of the last 10 points to hang on for 

the win. 
Sophomore guard Tyler McGrath — who 

had a career-high 18 points and went 5-9 
from behind the arc — hit a trey with six 
seconds remaining to make the score 53-52 
in favor of the Broncos. UCSD fouled quickly, 
and Pomona’s Dwanye Fells was only able to 
make the first of his two free throws. Out of 
timeouts, the Tritons took the rebound and 
advanced up the floor in a hurry — but a long 
running jumper by Ryan wouldn’t go and 
Pomona escaped with the win. 

UCSD had a tough time getting produc-
tion outside of McGrath, although Hatch 
added 10 points and eight rebounds. The 
rest of the Triton starters combined to go just 
8-26 from the field. 

“When you look at Pomona’s group, 
there’s obviously a strong core there from the 
team that won the national championship 
last year,” Carlson said. “That’s what you go 
against when you go against Pomona. Very 
well coached and a lot of experienced play-
ers.”

UCSD has now lost three straight and is  
9-9 overall and 4-8 in conference play. The 
Tritons will look to right the ship against 
Sonoma State on Thursday in Rohnert Park, 
Calif.

Readers can contact Liam Rose at lfrose@
ucsd.edu

still able to finish with 15 points to go along 
with her four rebounds, three assists and three 
steals. Sophomore forward Erin Grady was the 
only other Triton to get in double digits, tallying 
13 points.

Shepherd went 8-of-17 for a game-high 16 
points. Coyote senior Sabrina Gonzalez also 
finished the game with 13 points, while junior 
Jessica Dela Cruz tallied 12 points coming off 
the bench.

The usual spot-on shooting from the Tritons 
— who went a meager 38 percent from the field 
— was missing, although the performance from 
Cal State San Bernardino was hardly better. The 
Coyotes shot 24 of 59 on the night, finishing 
with 40 percent from the floor.

In the dying minutes of the game, the 
Coyotes fielded an experienced squad — four  
seniors and one junior — that Elliott said 
helped the Coyotes pull out the win.

“They’re a team of juniors and seniors and 
transfers and experience,” Ellliott said. “They 
handle things very well, and obviously their 
point guard tonight Shepherd had a great, 
great game and hit some clutch shots that they 
needed.” 

In the final match of their four-game home-
stead, the Tritons fell to Cal Poly Pomona — a 
squad which boasts a 10-1 CCAA record an 
currently sits second in the conference — in a 
frustrating 75-82 loss.

The Broncos got off to a quick start going on 

a 3-11 run spearheaded by senior guard Reyana 
Colson — the CCAA’s leading scorer. Despite 
going 6-of-21 from the field, Colson finished 
10-13 from the line and had three three-point-
ers to lead all scorers with 25 points.

The Tritons went on a 12-4 run to begin 
the second half, but the Broncos responded by 
scoring 17 straight points to go up 74-64.

The Tritons threw out a press to catch up to 
within four points with less than a minute left, 
but were unable to pull any closer.

“In the second half, we were struggling,” 
Elliott said. “We struggle when we get up by a 
bit. I don’t know if we relax. In the end we were 
just making some poor decisions — shot selec-
tion, turnovers.”

Junior center Lauren Freidenberg led the 
Tritons in scoring, putting away 20 points 
and collecting 10 boards to pick up her third 
double-double of the season.

“The one player that I’m so proud of tonight 
is Lauren Freidenberg,” Elliott said. “This was 
maybe a career night for her. We needed every-
body to have her mentality out there tonight.”

With the two losses, UCSD moves to 8-4 
in the CCAA, tying with Chico State for the 
fourth.

The Tritons will now head north to take 
on Sonoma State on Thursday Jan. 27, and 
Humboldt State on Saturday Jan. 29.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.
edu

middle blocker Sebastian Brady had seven 
kills and six blocks. Bannan put in 24 assists 
and sophomore libero Chase Frishman had a 
match-high with seven digs. 

The team will look to rebound against 
Princeton this Wednesday Jan. 26, at RIMAC 
Arena in another non-conference match.

“We need to win the serve-receive battle 
where we serve better than our opponent and 

we pass better than our opponent,” Ring said. 
“If we do that then we can be really competitive 
with a lot of teams. The matches that we have 
won this year, we’ve won that battle. And the 
matches that we lost, we haven’t. That is what 
we are going to work on Monday and Tuesday 
to get ready for Princeton.”

Readers can contact Hanna Rahimi at hra-
himi@ucsd.edu

WomenÊWillÊSearchÊforÊAnswersÊAgainstÊSonoma

▶ W. BASKETBALL, fromÊpageÊ12

Last-SecondÊShotsÊDonÕtÊFallÊForÊTritons
▶ M. BASKETBALL, fromÊpageÊ12

▶ M. VOLLEYBALL, fromÊpageÊ12

PrincetonÊUpÊNextÊForÊTritonÊVolleyball

COYOTES 60, TRITONS 59 
UC SAN DIEGO (59)

McCann 6-8 1-1 14, Brue 3-7 0-0 6, Ryan 6-11 9-12 
21, Peters 1-2 0-2 2, Hatch 3-7 6-8 12, McGrath 1-6 1-2 
4, Bailey 0-0 0-0 0, McCullough 0-1 0-0 0, Porter 0-1 0-0 
0,  Wheeler 0-3 0-0 0. Totals 20-46 17-25 59.

CAL STATE SAN BERNARDINO (60)
Jefferson 1-4 2-2 4, Hill 4-8 1-2 11, Robinson 4-9 

0-0 9, Caston 1-11 3-4 6, Laudermill 7-13 6-9 20, Roth 
0-1 0-0 0, Hall 0-0 0-0 0, Kinney 1-4 0-0 3, Alexander 
1-2 1-2 3, Huff 1-3 0-0 2, Bell 1-1 0-0 2. Totals 21-56 
13-19 60.
UCSD          33       27      — 59
CSUSB      25       34      — 60

3-Point Goals—UCSD 2-7 (McGrath 1-4, McCann 
1-2, Ryan 0-1), CSUSB 5-19 (Hill 2-3, Caston 1-6, 
Robinson 1-4, Kinney 1-4, Huff 0-2). Fouled Out— None. 
Rebounds—UCSD 30 (Ryan 7), CSUSB 38 (Laudermill 
15). Assists—UCSD 8 (Bailey 3), CSUSB 10 (Caston 
6). Total Fouls—UCSD 16, CSUSB 15. A—903 (RIMAC 
Arena; La Jolla, Calif.)

BRONCOS 54, TRITONS 52 
UC SAN DIEGO (52)

McCann 3-11 0-0 7, Brue 2-7 0-0 4, Ryan 2-8 3-6 
7, Peters 1-3 1-2 4, Hatch 3-7 4-4 10, McGrath 5-12 3-3 
18, Bailey 0-0 0-0 0, McCullough 0-0 0-0 0,  Wheeler 1-1 
0-0 2. Totals 17-49 11-15 52.

CAL POLY POMONA (54)
Rutledge 4-7 0-0 12, Rosser 0-3 0-0 0, Jahn 2-9 

4-9 8, Fells 4-8 4-6 12, Booker 2-7 0-0 4, Menner 2-7 
0-0 4, Drisdom 1-4 0-0 2, Anderson 4-8 0-0 12. Totals 
19-53 8-12 54.
UCSD          22       30      — 52
CPP      29       25      — 54

3-Point Goals—UCSD 7-11 (McGrath 5-9, McCann 
1-1, Peters 1-1), CPP 8-15 (Rutledge 4-6, Anderson 
4-6, Drisdom 0-2, Booker 0-1). Fouled Out— None. 
Rebounds—UCSD 37 (Hatch, Brue, Ryan 8), CPP 32 
(Anderson, Booker 6). Assists—UCSD 12 (McCann 5), 
CPP 12 (Fells 4). Total Fouls—UCSD 12, CPP 10. A—709 
(RIMAC Arena; La Jolla, Calif.)

BRONCOS (W) 82, TRITONS 75 
UC SAN DIEGO (75)

Osga 2-9 0-0 5, Carlisle 4-13 5-7 14, Perry 4-4 
0-0 10, Grady 1-4 3-3 5, Freidenberg 9-17 2-3 20, 
Anderson-Jew 1-1 0-0 3, Feder 2-5 2-2 8, White 0-2 
0-0 0, Dautremont 3-4 4-4 10. Totals 26-59 16-19 75.

CAL POLY POMONA (82)
Beard 2-4 0-0 6, Bryant 2-3 0-0 5, Ford 2-4 0-2 4, 

Colson 6-21 10-13 25, Popoff 5-8 0-0 10, Judge 1-1 2-2 
5, Semenero 4-8 5-8 14, Simon West 4-9 3-3 13, Derby 
0-0 0-0 0, Porter 0-3 0-0 0. Totals 26-61 20-28 82.
UCSD               41      34     — 75
CPP             40      42     — 82

3-Point Goals—UCSD 7-19 (Osga 1-4, Perry 2-2, 
Carlisle 1-6, Feder 2-5, Dautremont 0-1, Anderson-Jew 
1-1), CPP 10-18 (Colson 3-7, Simon West 2-3, Beard 
2-3, Bryant 1-1, Judge 1-1, Semenero 1-1, Popoff 0-1). 
Fouled Out— Osga. Rebounds—UCSD 38 (Freidenberg 
10), CPP 38 (Popoff 14). Assists—UCSD 19 (Carlisle 5), 
CPP 10 (Colson 8). Total Fouls—UCSD 20, CSUSB 18. 
A—363 (RIMAC Arena; La Jolla, Calif.)

COYOTES (W) 60, TRITONS 58 
UC SAN DIEGO (58)

Osga 2-10 2-2 6, Carlisle 6-19 2-2 15, Perry 1-2 0-0 
3, Grady 4-6 5-7 13, Freidenberg 3-8 1-2 7, Anderson-
Jew 0-1 0-0 0, Feder 2-4 2-2 7, Yano 0-0 0-0 0, White 
2-2 0-0 5, Dautremont 0-0 2-4 2. Totals 20-52 14-19 58.

CAL STATE SAN BERNARDINO (60)
Shows 1-4 2-2 4, Gonzalez 5-14 2-2 15, Glasser 3-6 

0-2 6, Streets 1-3 0-0 2, Sheppard 8-17 0-0 16, Walters 
0-2 1-2 1, Ooten 2-3 2-2 6, Edwards 0-1 0-0 1, Chess 
0-0 0-0 0, Dela Cruz 4-9 2-2 12. Totals 24-59 9-12 60.
UCSD               34      24     — 60
CSUSB             32      28     — 65

3-Point Goals—UCSD 4-17 (Osga 0-3, Perry 1-1, 
Carlisle 1-7, Feder 1-3, White 1-1, Grady 0-1, Anderson-
Jew 0-1), CSUSB 3-12 (Gonzalez 1-5, Dela Cruz 2-5, 
Streets 0-1, Sheppard 0-1). Fouled Out— None. 
Rebounds—UCSD 35 (Perry 8), CSUSB 35 (Sheppard 
8). Assists—UCSD 14 (Carlisle 3), CSUSB 6 (Sheppard 
6). Total Fouls—UCSD 17, CSUSB 15. A—297 (RIMAC 
Arena; La Jolla, Calif.)

The Tritons faltered down the stretch in their two games this weekend, surrendering second half leads in both.
BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN



WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

SPORTS
MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 2011

CONTACTÊTHEÊEDITOR:Êsports@ucsdguardian.org

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

BASKETBALL

MEN’S VOLLEYBALL

SWIM

1/27
1/29
1/26
1/28
1/29

AT Sonoma State
AT Humboldt State
VS Princeton
VS Hawaii
VS Hawaii, Wyoming, SDSU

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

UCSD men’s and women’s 
basketball teams suffered a 

heartbreaking weekend, los-
ing four games by a total of 

12 points.

PHOTOS BY
 JOHN HANACEK AND BRIAN YIP

By Liam Rose
Sports Editor

MEN’S BASKETBALL — The UCSD 
men’s basketball team had a tough 
weekend, losing on the last possession 
in two straight games by a total of 
three points. The Tritons lost 60-59 to 
Cal State San Bernardino on Thursday 
before dropping an equally tight 54-52 
decision to defending national cham-

pion Cal Poly Pomona.
“It’s emotionally draining,” head 

coach Chris Carlson said. “But when 
you really look at it, I’m just so pleased 
with our effort. It’s just really unfortu-
nate that right now we’re not getting 
the ultimate thing we want to get out 
of this and [winning] the game.” 

The Tritons trailed by as many 
as 13 points in the first half and still 
faced a 10-point deficit with 12:17 
remaining against San Bernardino. 
UCSD pulled out a 12-4 run over 
the next five minutes to pull within 
two, but San Bernardino’s Therron 
Laudermill converted a three-point 
play on the Coyotes’ next posses-
sion to bring the score to 49-54. The 
Tritons responded with a quick 6-1 
run to tie the score at 55 with four 
minutes remaining.  

Senior guard Casey Ryan put in a 
layup after a strong drive to give the 
Tritons the lead for the first time since 
the game’s opening minutes, mak-

By Rachel Uda
Staff Writer

WOMEN’S BASKETBALL — The 
UCSD women’s basketball team had its 
six-game winning streak snapped this 
week, suffering a last-second loss against 
Cal State San Bernardino on Thursday 
and a disappointing 75-82 defeat against 
Cal Poly Pomona on Saturday.

Against Cal State San Bernardino, 
the Tritons battled to take a four-point 
lead with 2:30 remaining. But back-
to-back jumpers from Coyote forward 
Kymberly Ooten — coupled with a 
few Triton turnovers and a sure per-
formance from Coyote guard Eisha 
Shepherd — allowed San Bernardino to 
take the victory.

With 3.4 seconds left and the game 
tied at 58 points, Shepherd drove to the 
hole, putting away a lay-up to clinch the 
60-58 win for the Coyotes.

“We had about three turnovers in 
a row,” head coach Charity Elliott said. 
“That certainly gave them the momen-
tum, and they came down and got some 

easy shots. On that last possession, we 
just allowed too much dribble penetra-
tion. She got too deep into the paint and 
she hit a tough shot. It is what it is. I feel 
like we got outworked tonight, and that’s 
what happens when you get outworked.” 

Junior guard Chelsea Carlisle was 
the Tritons’ leading scorer on the night. 
Despite going 6-of-19, the guard was 

Senior guard Casey Ryan scored 21 points against Cal State San Bernardino, 
but it was not enough as the Tritons fell 60-59.

Lauren Freidenberg was one of the few bright spots for the Tritons as she put 
up 20 points and 10 rebounds in a 82-75 loss to Cal Poly Pomona. 

WEEKEND ANALYSIS

The Triton men suffered two 
tough losses this weekend, 
losing each game after a shot 
at the buzzer wouldn’t fall. 
However, both games showed 
the Tritons’ resilience, as each 
game saw them erase signifi-
cant second-half deficits. Both 
San Bernardino and Cal Poly 
Pomona were bigger and more 
athletic than UCSD, but  the 
well-coached Tritons were 
unlucky to drop both games.

See M. BASKETBALL,Êpage 11

WEEKEND ANALYSIS

See W. BASKETBALL,Êpage 11

No.Ê15ÊTritonsÊUpsetÊbyÊCalÊBaptistÊandÊFallÊtoÊTop-RankedÊUSC

JOHN HANACEK/GUARDIAN
The Tritons fell in three sets to No. 1 on Friday, then were upset 3-1 by Cal Baptist on Saturday. 

By Hanna Rahimi
Staff Writer

MEN’S VOLLEYBALL — The UCSD men’s 
volleyball team had a rough weekend, losing 
3-0 against top-ranked University of Southern 
California and 3-1 against non-conference Cal 
Baptist. 

On Friday against USC, the Tritons came out 
and were left behind early in the first set, resulting 
in a loss at 25-12. UCSD hit .036 on the match in 
comparison to the Trojans’ .579. 

“I think unfortunately we got off to a slow start,” 
UCSD head coach Kevin Ring said. “They [USC] 
came out with a lot of energy and that’s a team that 
is No. 1 in the country right now. They are coming 
in to anyone’s gym and playing at a very high level 
and unfortunately we didn’t match that with our 
energy and certainly not with our level of play.”

The Tritons still gave the Trojans a tighter battle 
in the second set and brought their hits up to .212 
and 3.5 blocks to the Trojans’ .263 hits and one 
block. 

“I told the guys at the end of game two [that] I 
liked our energy,” Ring said. “I liked the fight in us, 
especially the second half of the game.” 

Unfortunately, the third set saw a backslide, as 
the Tritons were left behind early and unable to 

catch up.
“We really needed that [energy] at the start of 

the third game and tonight we came out in game 
three and got behind early,” Ring said. “They’ve got 
a couple of good servers that are going to go on a 
run and not miss a lot, so they are going to make 
you have to work to side out. In game three we got 
behind and were just playing catch-up with the 
No. 1 team in the country, which is hard to come 
back from.”

Senior setter Phil Bannan had 20 assists, a team-
high six digs, four kills and a block.

UCSD fell to 2-4 overall and 1-2 in Mountain 
Pacific Sports Federation (MPSF) action.

The Tritons were unable to snap the losing 
streak Saturday night at the Van Dyne Gym in 
Irvine against Cal Baptist. Despite winning the first 
set 25-20 the last three sets went to the opponents 
at 25-21, 27-25 and 25-18.

“Cal Baptist is an emotional team, and so when 
things are going well they just keep rolling,” Ring 
said. “We let them off the hook a little bit in not 
winning game three, and in game four they really 
just lit it up from the service line.”

Sophomore outside hitter Carl Eberts tallied 
eight kills, two aces and six digs and freshman 

See M. VOLLEYBALL,Êpage 11

UCSD looked lifeless for portions 
of both of their losses this week-
end, as they were exposed for their 
defensive weaknesses. The Tritons 
can’t afford to get into a shoot-
out without getting any defensive 
stops. Offensively, the Tritons seem 
to be relying too heavily on Chelsea 
Carlisle and Lauren Freidenberg. 
Carlisle had limited effectiveness 
with an injury to her shooting 
hand, allowing opponents to col-
lapse on Freidenberg inside. 

ROUGH
WATERS


	012411NewsFINAL.pdf
	012411Opinion
	012411Calendar_PG6
	012411Leisure
	012411Classifieds_PG10
	012411Sportsweb



