
1 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011 NEWS

eat pray ugh. hiatus presents the 
ninth annual anti-oscars. paGe 7

THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME XLIII, ISSUE XXXVIII

Left: Marshall College senior Laura Challis and Warren College senior Chris Chan performed pop and alternative songs for Roma Nights at 
Espresso Roma on Feb. 28. right: Students, staff and community members celebrated Dr. Seuss’ 107th birthday on March 2 with cake and 
inflatable cake and Cat in the Hat decorations at Library Walk. A special guest present was Audrey Geisel, Dr. Seuss’ widow. 

andrew oh/Guardian

good times keep rolling

erik roberts/Guardian

By Nicole Chan
Contributing Writer

A.S. Council approved a resolution on Feb. 16 to 
allow smoking only in designated parking lots.  The 
resolution was a response to a recent student survey 
that indicated interest in limiting smoking on 
campus. A second proposed resolution aims for 
UCSD to transition to a tobacco-free campus in the 
next several years.

The designated parking lots include any lots that 
are at least 25 feet away from doors and windows. 
The new policy identifies 50 campus parking lots as 

S tarting next year, Eleanor Roosevelt College’s Making of the Modern World core series will be shortened to five, instead of six, quarters for incoming freshmen and two, instead of 
three, for transfer students. The college announced in an e-mail on 
March 2 budget cuts have forced the change to the general-education 
requirement. Current students who have yet to finish the program  only 
need to complete five courses in the sequence to graduate. 

MMW Program Director Matthew Herbst said that budget cuts 
, not any problems with the curriculum, are the main reason for the 
change. Herbst added that the change was necessary despite dedication 
to MMW among ERC faculty and staff.          

“We really feel deeply about the program and it’s been a big hit,” 
Herbst said.  “It’s been the life force of ERC. It gives students a global 
mindedness but we had to reconsider [it] to keep the program vital.”

The program changes the requirement from MMW courses 
numbered 1-6 to MMW 11-15 for freshmen. The first two courses 
—of which MMW 1 is non-writing intensive — in the sequence will 
be merged to comprise MMW11, though the rest of the program is 
expected to remain intact.   Unlike MMW2, MMW11 will not be a 

writing-intensive class, but students will still complete two writing 
intensive courses, MMW12 and MMW13.  

For transfers, MMW21 and MMW22 will required. MMW21 is the 
same as the current course MMW4T. Transfers may petition to replace 
MMW22 with MMW 14 or 15, which allows them to participate in the 
global seminar summer classes. The updated sequence will be offered 
starting in Fall Quarter 2011.  MMW4 will be offered for the final time 
in the fall while MMW 1-3 will be offered for the final time this summer.

“The budget was [the] impetus that led to this point,” Herbst said. 
“But we had to make sure we offered high qualify general education.”

Herbst said the changes have been development for some time. 
Individual colleges were notified of budget cuts last summer, so faculty 
has been planning for the past year. 

“We knew we would have to make changes when the budget cuts 
were announced,” Herbst said.

All changes had to be approved by the program staff, college 
leadership and advisory faculty. Afterward, the College Executive and 

Students Discuss 
Changes to Campus 
Smoking Policy

Campus Fails 
to Mobilize 
for March 2
Day of  Action

SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT INSIDENIGHT WATCH

THURSDAY
height:  3-5 ft.
Wind: 3-5 mph

Water temp: 59 F

FRIDAY
height:  5 ft.

Wind: 3-73 mph
Water temp: 59 F

SATURDAY
height:  5 ft.

Wind: 5-9 mph 
Water temp: 59 F

SUNDAY
height:  5 ft.

Wind: 6-8 mph 
Water temp: 59 F

LOw

$3.50
Cosby Fuels, Northeast San Diego
6225 Fairmount St.
HIGH

$4.37
Shell east San Diego
5401 university ave. & 54th St.

THURSDAY FRIDAY
THURSDAY

h 6 L 49
FRIDAY

h 67 L 48 THURSDAY FRIDAY

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHFORECASTWEB POLL
do you support the 
cuts to MMW?
√  Yes
√  No
√  I don’t know

SUNRISE

SUNSET

6:15 A.M.

5:48 P.M.SATURDAYh 70 L 51 SUNDAYh 66 L 53 SUNDAYSATURDAYWWW.ucsdGuArdIAN.orG

Comics ..................................2
New Business ........................3
Change of Pace .....................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Druthers .................................8
Classifieds ...........................10
Sudoku ................................10

See sMokING, page 6

By Chris McCoy
Staff Writer

The United States Student Association 
called a nationwide Day of Action on 
March 2 that mobilized thousands at public 
universities across California and in 12 
other states.

At UC Berkeley, 100 people marched 
in opposition to the $500 million budget 
cuts, according to The Daily Californian. 
Several hundred students gathered at UC 
Santa Cruz’s East Field, spelling “FREE 
EDUCATION” on their bodies, as well as 
engaging in a sit-in. 

Students were not active at UCSD, unlike 
on March 4, 2010, when a crowd of around 
800 people marched to protest fee increases 
and demand worker’s rights. San Diego City 
College organized protests and teach-ins on 
March 2 as well.

“Nobody decided to take it on,” Vice 
President of External Affairs Michael Lam 
said, when asked why UCSD students did 
not take part in the day of action. “We 
stand in solidarity with student protesters,” 
he said.

Demands varied by campus, but budget 
cuts and the defense of public higher 
education were the primary focus.

“Fee increases were not really the 
centerpiece as they were last year; this 
year it was the $500-million cut to higher 
education proposed by Governor Brown,” 
UC Student Regent Jesse Cheng said.

Cheng said students organized 
collectively, and no one group or individual 
was responsible alone.

“UC was heavily involved in the 
organizing of March 2nd, but it was meant 
to be a nationwide effort,” Cheng said. “The 
UC students have highly invested in the day 
itself.”

See MArch, page 3

 By Jonathan Kaslow • Staff Writer
Illustration by Rebekah Hwang

rooSeveLt CoLLege CutS CourSe 
From mmW SequeNCe

See MMW, page 6

A closer look



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011 NEWS

SECRET SHOPPER JOB

Our company is 
seeking for a live 
person to work as 
our secret shopper 
PT/account, sales, 
bookkeeper rep. 

Humble applicant 
and must be over 
20 yrs of age.

If you are interested and need 
more information, send CV to 
paultucker6347@yahoo.com

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
solely by advertising. Never gonna get out of production.

Production: 858-534-5226

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: 858-534-5226, news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: 858-822-3793, opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: 858-534-6582, sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: 858-534-6583, focus@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: 858-534-6583, hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: 858-822-3793, photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: 858-534-6582, design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: 858-822-3793, art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7691

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Business Assistant
Tiffany Han

Marketing directors
Brandon Katzer, Annie Wang

Advertising design and Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

distributors
Scott Havrisik, Amanda Ku

The UCSD Guardian
9500 Gilman Drive, 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316
www.ucsdguardian.org

page Layout
Melody Chern, Praneet Kolluru, Binh Ngo,                     

Arielle Sallai, Vivian Zhang

Angela Chen

Trevor Cox

Regina Ip

Nisha Kurani
Laira Martin

Cheryl Hori

Margaret Yau

Liam Rose

Tyler Nelson

Neda Salamat

Zoë Sophos

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Amy Guzdar
Naomi Sweo

John Hanacek

Andrew Oh

Melody Chern

Binh Ngo

Rebekah Hwang

editor in chief

Managing editor

News editor

Associate News editors

opinion editor

Associate opinion editor

sports editor

Associate sports editor

Focus/Leisure editor

Associate Focus/Leisure 
editor

hiatus editor

Associate hiatus editor

copy editors

photo editor

Associate photo editor

design editor

Associate design editor

Art editor

copy readers
Monica Haider, Amanda Ku, Melissa Stanley

As per UsUAl By Dami Lee

Closed QUArters By Kat Truong

Nanomedicine Increases Survival Rates From Blood Loss
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

By Regina Ip
News Editor

Researchers have developed 
nanoparticles to increase survival rates 
after losing a large amount of blood. 
These can be used to improve trauma 
care for mass casualties in natural 
disasters and injured soldiers in the 
battlefield.

Researchers worked with 
biophysicists at Albert Einstein College 
of Medicine  at Yeshiva University, to 
test nanoparticles — which contain 
nitric oxide gas to maintain blood 

circulation and the functioning of 
vital organs — in the bloodstream of 
hamsters.

Nitric oxide is naturally produced 
in the endothelial cells that line the 
inside of blood vessels and keep them 
open. Whenever someone loses a 
large amount of blood, the flight-or-
fight response to severe blood loss 
maintains circulation in the brain and 
heart, reducing the flow to the rest of 
the body. 

As a result, nitric oxide is not 
produced and small blood vessels 
collapse throughout the rest of the 
body. The gas also cannot be injected 
or inhaled. It can be taken as a drug, 
but it is expensive and requires 
additional parts. 

Massive blood loss can cause 
hemorrhagic shock — a potentially 
fatal condition that decreases blood 
flow and oxygenation in small blood 
vessels — that is typically treated with 
blood transfusions and other fluids 
containing proteins and starch to 
replace the blood volume. However, 
current treatment is limited to 

emergency rooms and trauma centers.
“The problem is, at the battlefield 

or when you have an earthquake or a 
natural disaster, there are no chances 
of spending time with victims of the 
hemorrhage,” bioengineering assistant 
professor Pedro Cabrales said. 
“[Doctors] have to do something fast 
and then move to the next patient. 
There is a logistic constraint that 
prevents them from treating everybody 
… What we try to do is to design a 
strategy that requires less active care.”

To address the problem, Yeshiva 
University researchers developed 
10-nanometer-long particles (made up 
of a sugar structure and tiny bubbles 
of nitric oxide) that burst and slowly 
diffuse into the bloodstream when 
exposed to moisture. The particles 
are injected intravenously with saline 
solution and work for eight hours.

UCSD researchers tested the 
particles on hamsters by simulating 
50-percent blood loss and treating 
it with two solutions. Compared to 
hamsters that only received a saline 
solution, the hamsters treated with the 

nanoparticles had a more stable heart 
rate and higher blood flow.

“The hamsters’ blood loss is severe 
enough to trigger all the response to 

NIColE olIvER/Guardian

CoRReCTIoNS
On Feb. 28, an editorial titled 
“Absent Without Leave” stated that 
Warren Senator Maclen Zilber 
had 3.5 unexcused absences. This 
is a clerical error; Zilber has 2.5 
absences.

Also on Feb. 28, the “Politics as 
Usual” column incorrectly stated 
the Wisconsin state budget is $139 
billion. The correct amount is 

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the 
editors. Corrections can be sent to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org.

See NANopArtIcLe, page 6



NEWS THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 3 

Despite recent controversy over councilmember absences, 12 seats were 
empty during the meeting’s first role 
call, with several members wandering 
in after the 
meeting began.

Public input 
included a 
request from 
Revelle College 
sophomore 
Steven Perlin for 
councilmembers 
to sign a petition that he will present 
when lobbying Congresswomen 
Susan Davis in support of America’s 
relationship with Israel.

Campuswide Senator Anish 
Bhayani announced he will attend a 
UCSD Library Committee meeting 
on March 3 that will provide more 
information about the fate of CLICS 
and other campus libraries which are 
likely to close due to a $3-million cut 
to the library budget.

Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Penny Rue gave a 40-minute update 
on UCSD’s budget and campus 
climate during the first hour of the 
meeting. She reiterated that having 
a football team or Division I sports 
teams are not feasible without a 
student fee referendum.

AVP of Local Affairs Matthew Vu 
questioned Rue’s remarks regarding 
campus climate by bringing up the 
mass e-mail sent to students with the 
subject containing the words “penis” 
and “n*****”. The incident, which 
Rue called “traumatizing,” has since 
received national media coverage.

Despite administrative pressures 
to move Sun God Festival to a 
Saturday, Rue assured council that 
she is trying to keep the date on a 
Friday as per student requests.

AVP of Concerts and Events 
Brian Wong said “WTF, WTF?” 

in response to the Winter Triton 
Festival scheduling issues. The 
festival will now be held on the last 
day of Winter Quarter.

Council gave a warm welcome 
to A.S. Student 
Fee Advisory 
Committee 
representative 
Mishika Vora, 
who will serve 
as a liaison 
between the two 
organizations.

Social Sciences Senator Rena 
Zuabi and Campuswide Senator 
Elizabeth Elman praised VP of 
Student Life Kristina Pham for 
advertising an emotional triggers 
workshop held by Student Life Office 
and the Cross Cultural Center.

Warren Senator Kevin Hoang 
added an item to New Business to 
give about $300 to the Red Cross 
Club for an April 15 benefit concert 
and dance. The motion passed 
unanimously.

A.S. President Wafa Ben 
Hassine said council will vote 
on impeachments during New 
Business next week, and advised 
councilmembers to clear any 
unexcused absences. She also praised 
the addition of a one-course diversity 
general education requirement for all 
six colleges.

Vu questioned the 
administration’s lack of action 
for student needs. He cited the 
privatization of universities as a key 
example in which administrative 
needs overshadow student needs 
which he fears as a possibility for 
UCSD.

In the final order of business, 
bacon beat sausage in a narrow 
but thrilling 11-10 vote (with 8 
abstentions) as the side dish for the 
upcoming A.S. pancake breakfast.

New
Laira Martin
lmm002@ucsd.edu

Business

Winter Triton Festival to Be 
Held on Last Day of  Quarter

The March 2 protests came after 
UCSA’s Week of Action, which 
culminated in a Student Lobby 
Conference in Sacramento, Calif. 

On Monday, Feb. 28, four hundred 
UC students travelled to Sacramento 
to appeal to legislators for increased 
funding for public higher education 
during the University of California 
Student Association Student Lobby 
Day at Sacramento. Cheng, a UC 
Irvine senior, said he was pleased 
with the results. 

“Staffers were aware that UC was 
in the building,” he said. “We wanted 
to make sure that UC was standing 
out of the crowd.”

If Gov. Brown’s tax extensions do 
not appear on the June ballot, higher 
education budget may face increased 
cuts.

“In future weeks, the key thing is 
that students need to tell legislators 
to vote for tax extensions,” Cheng 
said. 

Marcos Perez, an ethnic studies 
major at San Diego City College 
and member of the Education for 
All Coalition, said that there were 
several successful demonstrations 
in the San Diego area. Based out 
of SDCC, the Coalition includes 
students and faculty from all over 
San Diego, including UCSD.

The peaceful demonstrations 
included 75 to 200 people marching 
from City College to the state 
building in downtown San Diego. 

There was also a midday 
forum, in which 80 to 100 students 
participated in a discussion about 
the international crisis in higher 
education, including the struggles of 

students and workers in Wisconsin, 
where students have occupied 
a building at the University of 
Wisconsin-Milwaukee.

“These efforts represent how we 
can fight back in California against 
these austerity measures to privatize 
public education,” Perez said.

Although reports are still coming 
in, Perez believes a significant 
number of states participated in the 
nationwide Day of Action. 

Perez said San Diego actions 
will be continued throughout 
the month of March, including 
solidarity rallies with students in 
Puerto Rico March 11, anti-war 
demonstrations on the March 19, 
and a nationwide walk-out March 31. 

Readers can contact Chris McCoy at 
sjmccoy@ucsd.edu.

City College Students Peacefully Demonstrate in Downtown SD
▶ MArch, from page 1

CouNCiLmemberS may be impeaCheD Next Week
By Chris McCoy
Staff Writer

Four A.S. councilmembers have 
exceeded the maximum of three 
unexcused absences per year and 
are subject to impeachment by A.S. 
Advocate General David Conant on 
Wednesday, March 9.

Arts and Humanities Senator 
Shunya Wade has 19.5 absences, 
Associate Vice President of Student 
Organizations Carli Thomas has 
seven absences and AVP of Enterprise 
Operations Brian McEuen has six.

To avoid impeachment, 
councilmembers must excuse their 
absences by providing proof of 
excuse, such as a doctor’s note or 
midterms.

According to Conan, absences 
occur regularly on A.S. Council. 
Members may always be excused 
beforehand, given they provide an 
reason, such as family emergency 

or class conflict. They are allowed 
unlimited excused absences.

Members can also resolve their 
absences by checking clerical errors. 
Conant said that the absences must 
be resolved by today, March 3.

“We want to make sure the 
people we are recommending for 
impeachment actually earned the 
absences,” Conant said.

On March 4, Conant will 
submit legislation to recommend 
impeachment. Council will vote on 
whether to impeach the members 
next week.

If impeachment, students can 
apply for vacant positions, which 
will be processed until Week 2 of 
Spring Quarter.

“The Office of the President 
is responsible for putting out 
an application online on the A.S. 
website,” Conant said. “They sort 
through the applicants, and the 
president establishes a committee to 

select the applicant. Then, that gets 
presented to the council.”

“I think a lot of people 
underestimate the time commitment 
that being on the council presents 
— other priorities come up,” Conant 
said.

A.S. President Wafa Ben Hassine 
said that if A.S. representatives 
are guilty of excessive unexcused 
absences, she will take action 
although council rarely achieves the 
2/3 majority necessary to impeach 
members.

“We will have to find people to 
replace them,” she said.

Ben Hassine said councilmembers 
bear an obligation to attend meetings.

AVP of Student Organizations 
Carli Thomas said her seven 
absences are simple errors that need 
to be cleared.

Readers can contact Chris McCoy at 
sjmccoy@ucsd.edu.



OpiniOn
ContaCt the editor: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

WEB
POLL
Do you 

support 
the steam 
machines 

ban?
 Out of 46 votes.

44%  Yes.

26%  

30%  

Props to the Sustainable Apparel Coalition for making 
clothing companies more transparent by ranking their eco-
friendliness. 

Flops to the South Dakota state Congress for passing a bill that 
would require religious counselling for anyone who wishes to 

receive an abortion.

No.

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG/oPINIoNTHURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011

Being asked to pay more for less is nothing new in the UC sys-tem. So when administrators 
have the chance to avoid that pitfall by 
opting out of a UC-wide health insur-
ance system, they should seize the 
opportunity.

This systemwide insurance plan 
was first proposed in the 2009-10 
academic year by the UC Office of 
the President. Before, each campus 
had an individualized student health 
care plan, though under this option 
all campuses would operate under the 

same guidelines. By standardizing the 
coverage, the hope is that they will 
become a larger base that has more 
clout with insurance companies and, 
potentially, more control in bargaining 
for new insurance rates. UCOP claims 
this plan would also disperse insur-

ance risks, so that the system would 
pay less money in case people filed 
insurance claims against it. 

Most importantly, the plan could 
save the university system $4 to 5 
million per year. 

This board has long been a vocal 
supporter of UC initiatives launched 
in the spirit of saving money, and 
of cutting costs in places that don’t 
affect students’ quality of life. On 
the surface, a plan to save the UC 
system $4 million seems like a good 
idea, but when the effects of the 
plan trickle down to individual stu-
dent health care, it seems the plan 
benefits the system more than the 
students than comprise it. 

UCSD and its students have 
little to gain from eradicating our 
Student Health Insurance Program  
— one of the best in the system 
— and joining this UC-wide insur-
ance plan. According to the UCSD 
Student Health Insurance Advisory 
Committee, the new plan would 
remove the free on-campus health 
service we currently receive and cost 
more for less coverage. 

The plan does provide some 
improvements, but benefits like more 
bargaining power are theoretical, and 

it’s  impractical to give up current ben-
efits only to receive theoretical ones 
that may never pan out. According to 
the advisory committee, the system-
wide plan would eliminate improve-
ments — such as better immunization, 
dental and vision benefits and mental 
coverage — made to SHIP this year, 
and remove our 100-percent coverage 
after annual deductibles. 

But the biggest change for students 
would be the reduction of on-campus 
medical services. Under this plan,  
UCSD’s two medical centers would 
be forced to bear a larger percentage 
of the coverage costs, and they would 
have to stop allowing students to be 
treated for free on campus.  SHIP is 
already limited enough — it’s only 
available Monday through Friday, and 
then only until 4:30. 

If UCSD opts out, it won’t be the 
only campus. The campuses of Los 
Angeles, Berkeley, Irvine and Riverside 
opted out when the idea was first pro-
posed last year; UCLA’s Student Health 
Advisory Committee has recommend-
ed against it again this year.

There’s a lot of questions that need 
to be answered with this proposal, and 
the university and UCOP are still in 
negotiations. But with the preliminary 
information, it seems that there is 
little to gain from joining the pack. 
Health insurance fees are mandated 
for all UC students. On principle, an 
increase in this sector — especially for 
less coverage — is little different than 
an increase in tuition.

At a campus whose 23,000 undergrads are as prone to complaint as they are to apathy, 
chances are you’ve heard someone 
grumble about Eleanor Roosevelt College’s 
history requirement. 

Taking up a full six quarters and 
covering the full length of recorded history 
— from the earliest of neanderthals right 
up to the new millennium — Making of 
the Modern World has never been for the 
faint of heart. The program is known to 
demand sweat, tears and energy drink/
Adderrall-fueled memorization binges 
around two or three times per quarter. 
It asks for half a dozen academic papers 
and countless homework assignments 
over the span of two years — no small 
order, especially for those saddled down 
by make-or-break lower-div major 
requirements — and in return spits out 
around a thousand students a year with a 
tenuous-at-worst grasp of the history of 
humankind. 

So when ERC Provost Alan Houston 

announced in an e-mail on Wednesday that 
the program will, effective immediately, only 
require five quarters of incoming freshmen and 
two of junior-year transfers, many rejoiced. 
MMW represented the most stringent of college 

requirements — runner-up Revelle College’s 
Humanities program requires a paltry five 
quarters — and had finally caught up with the 
supposed next-worst of the GEs.  
 

Growing up, there were so many rules. Rules from home: “Pick up your toys 
after you play with them,” or “Don’t 
put gum in your brother’s hair.” 
Rules from school: “Don’t run with 
scissors” and “Markers are for paper 
— not classmates’ faces.” And then 
there’s the Golden Rule: “Don’t lie; 
honesty is the best policy.”

As a kid, I never figured out the 
difference between honesty and 
rudeness. Telling my mother that 
her jeans accentuated her muffin 
top? Just me being honest. Luckily, 
because I was so young, these com-
ments were only met with raised 
eyebrows and disapproving looks 
— nothing too serious. But a decade 
later, I’ve come to the conclusion 
that informing people that their 
outfit makes them look like a wal-
rus and will only prevent them from 
getting laid will result in developing 
a reputation as a judgmental bitch, 
something that’s far worse than a 
glare or my mom’s raised eyebrows.  

And while I might think it’s 
socially acceptable to tell my friends 
the intimate details from last night, 
apparently they don’t share the 
same sentiment. I know my kinder-
hearted friends love me, but I also 
know that some of my less-than-PC 
comments are putting a strain on 
our relationship. 

As I researched how to break 
bad habits, I came across a web-
site on how to train dogs: Every 
time they do something wrong, 
you let them know they did “bad” 
by smacking them on the nose or 
spraying water in their face. In 
my case, I figured that just ask-
ing someone to tell me when I say 
things that are out of line would 
suffice. No nose harm, no foul.

While one of my friends was 
more than eager to try the “smack-
ing Cheryl on the nose” tactic, 
another suggested that I put a 
quarter into an “STFU” jar every 
time I did something off-putting — 
whether that was saying “that girl 
needs a P in the V” or sending a 
picture text of my bird’s huge excre-
ment. (It’s funny, OK?)

The first day, as my friend and I 
waited at a stop light on our way to 
breakfast, I commented on how it 
would do a particular “ghetto-fab” 
pedestrian well to lay off the lip liner 
and Baby Phat. (Goodbye, 25 cents.)

By the end of the hour, I found 
myself $3.75 poorer. So, to avoid 
losing more money, I started to hold 
my tongue. Despite the fact that my 
boyfriend’s new jeans made his butt 
look bigger than Kim Kardashian’s, 
I said nothing. Dinner was filled 
with half-voiced thoughts. “So, 
today I saw a — oh, never mind.”

The money I lost means I’ve 
started to think twice about com-
menting on how our waiter’s hair 
makes him look like Tom Hanks in 
“Castaway.” But that pile of change 
also made me realize how much 
that indecent commentary is a part 
of who I am — for better, for worse. 
And it’s a part of me I’m not willing 
to give up, even if it means mildly 
offending those that have yet to get 
to know the real me.

Parental 
Advisory: I 
Still Can’t 
Be Tamed Budget cuts have forced Eleanor Roosevelt College to shorten its world history 

sequence from six quarters to five. Weary students may rejoice, but the cut 
signifies the grim future of the UC system.

EDiTORiALS

Angela Chen
Editor in ChiEf

Trevor Cox
Managing Editor

Regina Ip
nEws Editor

Cheryl Hori
opinion Editor

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University of 
California at San Diego. Contents © 2011. Views expressed herein 
represent the majority vote of the editorial board and are not neces-
sarily those of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the mem-

bers of the Guardian staff. 

Lightening the Load

cheryl hori
chori@ucsd.edu

A Change of 
Pace

See MMW, page 5

UC-Wide Healthcare: Too Soon to Jump SHIP

Stefany Chen/Guardian

I don’t 
know.

Jane rho/Guardian



oPINIoN THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 5 

I am a busInessmaker. I am armed wIth a bachelor’s 

degree In chemIstry — and soon an mba from 

krannert. I forge Iron-clad solutIons for new 

ventures as far away as chIna. knowledge fuels 

my pursuIts. competItIon defInes my future. I am a 

boIlermaker. and I am what moves the world forward.

I am  
ROB 
EINTERZ 

Learn about the Krannert School of Management MBA  
program at www.krannert.purdue.edu/ucsd or 877-mba-kran.

apply now! Scholarship opportunities available. 

EA/EOU

Krannert  
School of ManageMent 
mBa, 2011

Got something to say to your  
fellow Muir College graduates?  

 
Audition to be this year’s 

 

Commencement 
Speaker 

We’re looking for a student speaker for the  
Muir Commencement Ceremony  

and it could be YOU!  

Sign up in the Muir College Student Affairs Office  
by Friday, March 11th, 4:30pm  

Auditions will be held during 1st Week of Spring Quarter  
 

Questions? Call the Muir Student Affairs Office at 858-534-3587 or  
visit us in Humanities and Social Science, Room 2126  

JoAn of Art By Raechel Wong Appreciated or Resented, MMW 
Cuts Represent Loss for Students

Dear Editor,
It appears that UC budget cuts 

have already found expression in 
direct police oppression. When I first 
came to UCSD, I remember taking 
the campus tour and seeing signs 
everywhere that banned skateboards 
and bicycles. Now in my second year, 
I have never seen these signs enforced 
— until today. 

Walking down Library Walk 
around noon, I noted three officers 
stopping skateboarders and cyclists. 
One girl, who had apparently not 

heard the officer’s call to stop, was 
almost in tears as she was berated and 
harassed by the officer, who, it seems, 
eventually gave her a ticket. 

His conduct was unprofessional 
and a disgrace to any university police 
force tasked with arbitrary rules of 
safety. 

That these rules are being 
enforced for “safety” purposes is 
comic at best. Since they have only 
recently been implemented, my take 
is that a new revenue stream has been 
dug up as university funds vaporize; 

those responsible should be ashamed. 
—Tanner Smith

Sophomore, Revelle College

LETTER TO THE EDITOR
UCSD Police Should Halt Rise in Enforcing Trivial Laws    

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be no longer than 500 words, 
typed, double-spaced and signed with a name and 
applicable title. Letters must also contain a phone 
number. We reserve the right to edit for length and 
clarity. Letters may be dropped off at the Guardian 
office on the second floor of the Student Center or 
e-mailed. Send all letters to:

The UCSD Guardian
Opinion Editor

9500 Gilman Dr. 0316
La Jolla, CA 92093-0316 

e-mail: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

But make no mistake: This is no 
case of faculty members relieving 
students of a quarter’s worth of 
all-nighters for the almighty sake 
of relaxation. These are budget cuts 
at their most pervasive, affecting 
about one in every six 
students on campus.

Many students 
noticed something 
was up a few weeks 
ago in registering for 
classes. This Spring 
Quarter, only two 
MMW6 courses 
will be offered — a 
drastic reduction 
from the usual three, which, prior 
to yesterday’s announcement, 
left dozens of ERC students on 
13-person waitlists (for a 20-person 
section) for the requirement. 
Houston said that the reduction 
was made in anticipation of the 
announcement, as ERC sophomores 
likely to enroll in the class would 
no longer be required to take it. At 
press time, only a handful of MMW6 
sections had a waitlist, and none of 
more than three.

MMW Program Director 
Matthew Herbst figured the cut was 
coming even before word trickled 
down through the university. He 
said the program’s been working 
out the changes for over a year, 

and that they’ll mostly consist of 
combining the first two quarters of 
material into one, apparently leaving 
the remaining four of the sequence 
mostly intact.

But regardless of how successful 
Herbst has been at minimizing losses 

to the program, this 
is about as blunt 
a statement of 
university priorities 
as we’ve seen. For all 
the administration’s 
claims of intellectual 
and cultural 
diversity, UCSD is 
no liberal arts school 
in science school 

clothing: We are first and foremost 
— and have been from our 1960s 
founding — a research institution. 
The Academic Senate’s swift 
approval of cutting our campus’s 
furthest-reaching humanities 
requirement on Tuesday, if 
anything, reminded us of just that. 

While MMW represented, to 
some, an object of resentment 
— a never-ending stream of 
memorization and busywork — for 
others, it was important exposure 
to nonwestern perspectives glossed 
over in high school; a first contact 
with the Qur’an or Confucius. To 
all, it now represents the first UCSD 
general requirement to get the axe. 
It’s unlikely to be the last.

▶ MMW, from page 4

regardless of how 
minimal the cuts, 
this is about as 
blunt a statement of 
university priorities 
as we’ve seen. 

OPINION
apply today.  APPLICAtIONS At uCSDguArDIAN.Org. 



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011 NEWS

Policy Committee and Committee on Educational Policy 
gave its sign-off. Academic Senate then voted to approve 
the changes on March 1 after a presentation by Roosevelt 
College Provost Alan Houston.

“We had to adhere [to and] respect the protocol,” 
Herbst said. “It was a very difficult process of revising the 
program, but we preserved the vitality of MMW.”

Herbst said he’s not discouraged by the cuts.
“I’m very optimistic for the future, despite the entire 

UC budget issues,” Herbst said. “This program can 
withstand the test of time. It’s incredibly important to 
protect undergrad education and general education. We 
needed to make sure the new program preserved the 
previous program.”

A faculty committee chaired by anthropology emeritus 
professor David Jordan will design the new syllabus, 
specifically for MMW11. The course will be the largest 
departure for the program since its inception in 1988.

Readers can contact Jonathan Kaslow at jkaslow@ucsd.
edu.

Win the trip of a lifetime\

ContikiStudents.com
ENTER TO WIN at

for you & 4 friends worth up to $25,000
Includes Trip + Airfare +                        Gear

Over 190 Trips Worldwide.  Find Yours. CST #1001728­20

designated smoking areas, though most lots 
meet the criteria.  

According to Assistant Student Affairs 
Officer for Student Health Services Shanna 
Dayan, most students who are in favor of 
changing the policy only support moving 
smoking to parking lots and not the transition 
to a smoke-free campus.  

According to Marshall College senior 
Sarah Raifsnider, who is a programming 
intern at the Office of Student Wellness, the 
National College Health Assessment found 
that most students were interested in seeing a 
new smoking policy on campus. 

The assessment was distributed to 505 
randomly selected UCSD students in Spring 
Quarter 2010 by the American College Health 
Association.

Results showed that 91 percent were 
neutral to the allowance of designated 
smoking areas in parking lots and 67 percent 
strongly supported the proposed change.

“There has also been an increase of 
complaints to the Student Health Services 
from students, alumni and staff about the 
smoking issue on our campus,” Raifsnider 
said.

Raifsnider and Dayan are obtaining 
support from student organizations to change 
the current policy, as well as pushing for the 
tobacco-free campus transition. They have 
contacted over 60 student organizations and 
received positive responses from 10 student 
groups.

“We are presenting Chancellor Marye 
Anne Fox with signed resolutions of student 
support for one or both of these resolutions,” 
Raifsnider said.  

Dayan met with Chancellor Fox during 
Fall Quarter 2010 to see what it would take 
to change the current smoking policy. Fox 
according to Dayan, said she will only change 
the policy given a high level of student 
support.  

Dayan said Fox will accept a list of student 
organizations in favor of the resolutions as an 
indication of student support.   Raifsnider’s 
and Dayan’s current efforts are to collect 
resolutions to show that students are interested 
in a policy change.  

Dayan said the 10 student groups, not 
including A.S. Council, amount to over 3,700 
students in support of one or both of the 
resolutions. 

A majority of the support is for the first 
resolution. Roosevelt Institute, Human and 
Earth Rights Organization, Sixth College 
Council and the Baseball Club are among the 
student groups in favor.

Both Raifsnider and Dayan are members 
of the Campuses Organized and United for 
Good Health advisory board that examines 
smoking and tobacco policies at California 
universities.  

If Fox determines there is sufficient 
support for the changes, she will present the 
issue to the vice chancellors to assess the 
feasibility of the change, Raifsnider said.

“There isn’t a committee specifically to 
discuss this issue on campus,” Associate Vice 
Chancellor of Student Wellness Karen Calfas 
said. “But as the AVC of Student Wellness, 
I am very much in support of moving in 
this direction, as it would contribute to 
the wellness of our entire UC San Diego 
community.”

According to Calfas, educating students 
and collecting support is only one part of 
the process, as a change in policy must also 
consider needs of faculty, staff and visitors. 
Calfas is currently gathering additional 
information on the issue to submit to the 
Chancellor for her consideration.

“We cannot predict when or if a change 
would happen,” Raifsnider said.   “We simply 
want to show that students are interested in a 
stronger smoking policy on campus.”

The policy was last changed in Spring 
Quarter 2009 from 20 to 25 feet away from 
buildings to qualify the campus for a L.E.E.D. 
green building certification.   The policy 
change went mostly unnoticed, Dayan said. 

Last year, the Health Sciences campus 
in East Campus and Hillcrest, conducted a 
smoke-free trial run with designated smoking 
areas, which was put into effect this year.

“Thus far, there seems to be a lot of 
positive feedback from UCSD Health Sciences 
becoming smoke-free,” Dayan said.

Calfas worked on the project with 
physiology professor John West and behavioral 

epidemiologist John Pierce from the School of 
Medicine, Dayan explained. 

According to research based on last year’s 
survey, students perceive that as many as 12 
to 13 percent of students smoke, when in fact 
only 4 percent are considered regular smokers 
(consuming one to 10 cigarettes daily), while 
14 percent report smoking primarily in social 
situations, Raifsnider added.

Warren College senior Alvin Choe is 
against the proposed policy changes because 
it unfairly targets a minority group rather than 
resolving a health or littering issue.

”Smoking is a legal activity,” Choe said. 
“I am for what is good, but not at the cost 
of abusing our right to vote to bully people 
around to get our way.”

The proposals take other populations 
on campus into consideration, particularly 
people who are affected by secondhand 
smoke — such as asthmatics, cancer survivors 
and pregnant women. Raifsnider said these 
people would benefit most from the change.

“Over 450 colleges across the United States 
have adopted smoke-free policies, some are 
even moving towards becoming tobacco-free,” 
Raifsnider said.  

UC San Francisco, University of Oregon 
and University of Michigan are among the 
universities that exercise tobacco-free policies.

If the policy changes are put in place, 
UCSD will have the second-most stringent 
smoking policy in the UC system, behind 
UCSF. All other UC campuses have policies 
ranging from 20 to 30 feet from buildings.

Dayan and Raifsnider aim for a policy 
change by next year.  If the policy is changed, 
they plan to work during the summer to plan 
an educational campaign. Also, there will be 
signs to indicate smoking areas. Dayan said 
she does not know how it will be enforced. 

A major consideration for Dayan and 
Raifsnider in the proposed change is its 
environmental impact.

“We believe that UCSD is falling behind 
as a premiere research university and leader 
in the green movement by not updating this 
policy,” Raifsnider and Dayan said.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at n3chan@
ucsd.edu..................

Policy Changes Part of  Effort to Move Toward Smoke-Free Campus
▶ sMokING, from page 1

MMW Coordinators 
Predicted Cuts in Course 
Funding for This Year
▶ MMW, from page 1

Nanoparticle Therapy Can 
be Used as Topical Viagra 
to Increase Blood Flow
▶ NANopArtIcLes, from page 2
hemorrhage,” Cabrales said. “It doesn’t kill the animal 
right away. [There’s] still 50- to 80-percent survival … 
What we wanted to have is a model that simulates what 
happens in a car accident or on the battlefield.”

From their research on the use of nitric oxide gas 
in nanoparticles, companies have found various uses. It 
can be used as a topical Viagra to increase blood flow, 
without the side effects of Viagra. It can also be used 
to treat bacterial infections in open wounds using a 
powder formula, or to treat malarial parasites and prevent 
hemoglobin toxicity.

Readers can contact Regina Ip at rwip@ucsd.edu.............



THURSDAY, mARcH 3, 2011

boss ditties
ContaCt the editor: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org

Itching for a night of good beer 
and live music? Irieside, known for 
their genre-bending combination of 
hip-hop, reggae, funk and rock will 
be playing at the Belly Up Tavern in 
Solana Beach. Tickets are $5. 

HiATUSTONIGHT Adele “Someone Like You”Adele “Rolling In the Deep”Adele “Rumour Has It”Rainbow Arabia “Without You”
Rainbow Arabia “Hai”

7 THE UcSD GUARDIAN  www.UcSDGUARDIAN.oRG/HIATUS

H ollywood’s biggest holiday, Oscar Sunday, was very good to some (“The King’s Speech” walked away 
with the “Best Picture” statue — go 
team stutterers!) and very bad to oth-
ers (the Coens’ “True Grit” was shut 
out in all 10 categories it was nominat-

ed in.) The dichotomy was mirrored 
in the Academy’s youngest-ever hosts, 
Anne Hathaway (overeager) and James 
Franco (stoned? Stoned.) Both embod-
ied their stereotypes with unparalleled 
commitment, which led me to suspect 
that the duo spent the weeks leading 
up to the Oscars posed in front of a 
full-length mirror repeating, “How can 
I make this night more ridiculously 
unbearable?”

To stay objective, I’ve compiled a 
list of the best and worst moments of 
the night, to better determine whether 
the evening was an overall gold-
clinching high or a black mark on 
Oscar history. 

Pass the Joint 
Franco, This 
Show Could 
Use Some Fun

Neda salamat

nsalamat@ucsd.edu

Pop and
Circumstance

The NiNTh ANNuAl 
Anti-OscArs

The guArdiAN & hiATus PreseNT

Few 2010 movies were as infuriating as “Eat 
Pray Love.” Elizabeth Gilbert — author of the 
original memoir — is somehow made more 
obnoxious by Julia Roberts’ gummy portrayal, 
handily making every mom’s favorite writer the 

most insufferable woman on screen all year. 
The whole premise of the dramedy is “self-exploration.” And 

Gilbert’s narrative isn’t all Camus-like existentialism — it’s mostly just 
a rich white bitch whining about being a rich white bitch. 

After ending her marriage, Gilbert heads on a globe-trekking jour-
ney (paid for by her editor; if only every pizza and yoga fan could be 
so lucky) to “find herself.”

Cue the inevitable scenic montages of Julia Roberts eating, Julia 
Roberts meditating, Julia Roberts putting on fat pants, Julia Roberts 
riding a bike, Julia Roberts falling in love with Javier Bardem (not fair) 
and — lest you forget — Julia Roberts discovering her purpose in life 
— which is, apparently, writing about being a rich white bitch.

Sure, women have the right to travel the world and write manifes-
tos — just like legions of men have done before them. We just wish 
this manifesto had more insight than gelato and first world problems.

—Arielle Sallai
Hiatus Editor

“eAT PrAy 
love”

mosT uNderrATed

Michael Cera films aren’t usually groundbreaking, but “Scott Pilgrim vs. 
the World” came out and shocked the few people who saw it this summer (it 
failed to earn back its $60 million budget) with its comic book energy. 

At its core, the story is familiar: Like many boys before him, Scott Pilgrim 
(Michael Cera) must face the past of his new 
girlfriend, Ramona Flowers. Video game 
absurdity comes into play, however, through 
a simple twist — Pilgrim must literally battle 
each of Ramona’s seven evil exes in order to 
claim her as his own.

Following “Shaun of the Dead” and “Hot 
Fuzz,” director Edgar Wright crafted “Scott 

Pilgrim” as a full-blown sensory experience, combining original music from 
indie greats like Beck, Broken Social Scene and Metric with graphic novel 
visuals. Each artist wrote music under the name of one of the film’s fictional 
bands, and Wright used visual effects to transform the world into an homage 
to 8-Bit and gamer culture, lending the film a distinctly modern voice.

—Rusteen Honardoost
Staff Writer

“scoTT 
Pilgrim vs. 
The world”

Michael Cera’s curly-headed, anxiety-ridden persona has finally been 
upstaged by an even curlier-headed, more anxiety-ridden up-and-comer: 
the hot dork Jesse Eisenberg. For years, Eisenberg was antagonistically 
called a poor man’s Cera, playing awkward, gangly nerds in lower-profile 

flicks than the “Superbad” star (see: any 
Eisenberg movie ending in “-land”). 

But 2010 was a turning point for the New 
York native. Though Cera’s part in this year’s 
“Scott Pilgrim vs. the World” earned critical 

accolades, the performance hit a little to close to the same “Juno” approach 
to land him anything more than a few favorable reviews. 

Eisenberg, meanwhile, was wrapping up one of the year’s most beloved 
dramas. His bitingly sarcastic Mark Zuckerberg in “The Social Network” 
earned the 27-year-old actor both rave reviews and an Oscar nod for Best 
Actor — making him the youngest in the category in years.

Hollywood heavyweights are typically dethroned by younger, better-
behaved counterparts (a la Winona Ryder and Natalie Portman). Cera, 
however, seems to be suffering from a case of arrested development this 
year. 

—Neda Salamat
Senior Staff Writer

jesse 
eiseNberg

bArfiesT movie
What sounded like an avant-garde shocker from a lower-division 

art class turned out to be the most unfathomably revolting film of 
the year. “The Human Centipede,” sprung from the mind of the 
moustached Dutchman Tom Six, involves a group of poor tourists 
who stumble upon a mad scientist with an odd fantasy; he dreams of 

connecting the three through their 
digestive systems ass to mouth.  

No one could have anticipated 
the explosive success and immedi-
ate legacy of the little torture-porno 
that could. It spawned a porno-

graphic parody, aptly titled “The Human Sexipede” (seriously). And, 
later this year, it will return with its highly-anticipated sequel “The 
Human Centipede (Full Sequence),” which will reportedly feature a 
12-person centipede.

But the film’s most significant feat lies in its trumping of the 
MPAA. Six packed the most unbearable shit of mankind into 
“Centipede,” and still managed an R rating. (But we’re sure all that 
awkward cunnilingus in “Blue Valentine” warranted the NC-17.)

         —Ren Ebel
Associate Hiatus Editor

“The humAN 
ceNTiPede”

besT use of ‘The dude’
Jeff Bridges is one of the most badass 

motherfuckers in Hollywood. From his pot-
toking, white Russian-sipping role as “The 

Dude” in “The Big Lebowski” to his Oscar-winning portrayal of Otis 
Blake in last year’s “Crazy Heart,” Bridges seems capable of making 
every character he plays instantly cool.

Last year was good to Bridges. In addition to earning his second 
consecutive Best Actor nomination (for “True Grit”) he appeared (not 
once, but twice!) in Disney’s “Tron: Legacy.” It’s in “True Grit,” how-
ever, that Bridges expertly combines DGAF charisma with searing 
drama. The actor’s performance as Marshall Cogburn was a masterful 
(and sometimes hilariously incomprehensible) update of John Wayne’s 
portrayal of the character in 1969. And if there’s one actor in the busi-
ness today fit to recreate Wayne’s cool ruggedness, it’s Bridges.

—Andrew Whitworth
Senior Staff Writer

‘True griT”

worsT PicTure

The michAel cerA AwArd

See anti-oscars, page 9

See pop, page 8



8 THE UcSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, mARcH 3, 2011 HIATUS

The Good
 —  In the opening sequence, Franco 

misunderstands the use of a totem in 
“Inception” and spins a dreidel to make sure 
that he and Hathaway aren’t in a dream. 
The clincher is that the scene’s purpose 
is twofold — it’s a jab at Franco’s intel-
ligence and a nod to the reign of Jews in 
Hollywood.

 — Morgan Freeman and Alec Baldwin 
(though the scene-stealer is that awesome 
Pee-Wee Herman suit Freeman has on.)

 — James Franco’s butt in that white uni-
tard during a “Black Swan” parody. Plus, his 
awkward pelvic thrusts are gold.

 — Kirk Douglas, the master of sus-
pense. Extra points for his pass at Melissa 
Leo — “You’re much prettier than you were 
in ‘The Fighter.’”  (Correction: the master of 
suspense AND game.)  

 — Mila Kunis’s slammin dress, hair and 
body. Damn.

 — Somehow, I don’t doubt that Justin 
Timberlake could be Banksy. 

 — Aaron Sorkin’s live-in rodent friend 
who, apparently, wears the pants in that 
relationship.

 —Helen Mirren and Russell Brand’s 
excellent award-presenting chemistry, 
which makes me that much more excited 
to see their upcoming collaboration in 
“Arthur.” 

— Franco in a dress. A pink dress.  
 — As the most entertaining presenta-

tion of the evening, the banter between 
Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law was the 
climax of the 83rd Academy Awards. Maybe 
the Academy should have hedged their bets 
and aimed for middle-aged hosts instead of 
the chosen “hip” pair.

— Franco’s live tweets throughout the 
entire ceremony (because, of course, he 
wouldn’t just be hosting).

The Worst
 — Franco looking through Ryan 

Seacrest’s phone is hilarious, but loses 
points for the Ricky Gervais stab — seeing 
as he and Hathaway sucked the air out of 

most of his skits. 
 — Franco looked like he could use a 

nap and a shower or four. 
 — I love “Back to the Future” and 

Michael J. Fox as much as the next fanatic, 
but both have nothing to do with this year’s 
ceremony. And no “Toy Story 3” jab? What 
about the children?

— Can someone please direct Matthew 
McConaughey to the beach or a skin cancer 
clinic? 

— Hathaway, in her poofy Vivienne 
Westwood ensemble, bears a striking 
resemblance to the feather duster from 
“Beauty and the Beast.” 

 — The Oscars are constantly strug-
gling with time constraints — so much so 
that event producers play the “hurry the 
fuck up” music over Sorkin’s acceptance 
speech. Yet, somehow, they find the time to 
announce the Academy Awards’ and ABC’s 
boring contract renewal. 

— Hathaway’s repeated jabs at Hugh 
Jackman; it’s no wonder he declined to sing 
a duet with her. (The gal has some serious 
pipes.) 

— Jesse Eisenberg must be so annoyed 
with all the people jokingly asking him to 
friend them on Facebook — especially since 
he’s said numerous times that he doesn’t 
have one. 

— Hathaway’s freaky, extraterrestrial 
Tom Ford gown.

— Of course the Oscar committee would 
hire the youngest hosts ever and then give 
the “Best Picture” gold to the stuffiest of the 
bunch. But the Academy’s always been old 
and farty.

— Again, the coordinators hire sing-
ing troupe PS 22, a children’s choir known 
for their renditions of newer hits like 
“Lizstomania” and then asks them to sing 
72-year-old ditty “Somewhere Over the 
Rainbow” to close out the show? 

The tally doesn’t lie, and even worse, 
according to New York magazine, this past 
Academy Awards was the second least-
watched show in the broadcast’s history. 
Better luck next year, Oscar. 

MARCH IS UCSD FREE MONTH
AT BIRCH AQUARIUM AT SCRIPPS 

Escape into the wonders of the ocean without leaving campus.

Students, faculty, and staff receive free admission in March 

in celebration of UC San Diego’s 50th anniversary. 

Limit one ticket, per visit, with UCSD ID. 

Cannot be combined with other offers.

Scripps Institution of Oceanography
UC San Diego

2300 Expedition Way • 858-534-FISH • aquarium.ucsd.edu

AQ_Guardian_ad–new.indd   4 2/25/11   10:53 AM

Tallying Up the Good and Bad Points of  
Sunday’s 83rd Annual Academy Awards
▶ pop from page 7

FILMREVIEW

F ear and Loathing In Las Vegas” — the film adaptation of the 
Hunter S. Thompson novel 
of the same name — has 
become a cult classic since 

its 1998 release. With its surrealist depiction 
of the post-1960s counterculture fallout and 
a cast of gonzo characters, the flick had more 
than its share of absurd humor — though 
lighthearted comedy it was not.

Which makes it all the more baffling, 
then, to find that “Rango” — the first full-
length animated feature from George Lucas’ 
Industrial Lights & Magic special effects 
studio — takes so much inspiration from the 
drug-culture classic. 

With “Pirates of the Caribbean” direc-
tor Gore Verbinski at the helm, the movie 
takes on a near-impossible feat: combining 
Thompson’s brand of existentialism with 
kid-friendly slapstick humor. 

Johnny Depp sort-of-kind-of reprises 
his “Fear and Loathing” role, with the titular 
character, a lizard who can’t come to terms 
with his life as a pet in a terrarium. When 
he unexpectedly finds himself in the desert 
town of Dirt, Rango gives himself a new 
identity as a badass gunslinger who’s suppos-
edly capable of killing six brothers with one 
bullet (and one with an infection). The back-

story isn’t true, naturally, but that doesn’t 
keep him from becoming an unlikely hero 
for the backwoods town.

“Rango” also borrows heavily from the 
traditional Hollywood western, an influence 
that — when combined with the nods to 
Thompson and “Fear and Loathing” (includ-
ing that signature Hawaiian shirt) — raises 
the film high above the average Dreamworks 
film (“Shrek,” “Kung-Fu Panda”) that 
depends on cheap pop cultural references 
and the humor of  an ogre’s wedding, though 
it does make the film less a kiddy-flick and 
more an amusing romp for film buffs.

Nonetheless, Verbinski and Depp have a 
strong relationship following the extremely 
successful “Pirates of the Carribean” fran-
chise, and Depp is able to give as idiosyn-
cratic performance as ever. It’s not hard to 
see Depp’s mannerisms even in the actions 
of the animated lizard. 

That’s no accident: Verbinski had Depp 
and the other cast members physically act 
out each scene in what he called “emotion 
capture.” Taking the footage syllable-by-syl-
lable, the animators were able to give a hint 
of realism to the film. It may seem a minute 
detail, but the process creates surprisingly 
strong animations and enhances the actors’ 
performances. Each character is very much 

humanized, whether it’s Isla Fischer’s viva-
cious Beans or Abigail Breslin’s adorably dry 
Priscilla.

For an animated movie, “Rango” has 
several thrilling action sequences that puts 
other blockbusters to shame. A recurring 
hawk is a versatile and deadly threat, while 
an airborne bat battle is reminiscent of the 
best of “Star Wars.” 

The little details also elevate “Rango.” A 
mariachi band composed of owls in sombre-
ros, for example, appears to sing tunes teas-
ing Rango’s demise. What could have been 
an unnecessary addition of kiddie fluff is 
instead a humorous aside in the spirit of old 
Greek choruses. Oscar-nominated composer 
Hans Zimmer (“Inception”) also provides a 
bombastic score, taking cues from the music 
of classic westerns.

While the cut-and-dry nature of the end-
ing is disappointing, “Rango” proves that 
Industrial Light & Magic can easily overtake 
the work of Dreamworks. Well-developed 
characters and extraordinary animation, 
combined with a creative pastiche of past 
cinema, makes “Rango” one of a kind. And 
though obscure, adult references will whiz 
over the heads of the kids in the crowd, 
there’s still plenty of charm for viewers of 
all ages.

RANGO
starring:
Johnny depp
01:47
Rated PG
B+

HIATUS PICKS THE WEEK’S BEST BETS

druthers 

exit strategy
THIS WEEK ON CAMPUS

stARt up cAFe 
qualcomm coNfeReNce 
ceNteR
maRch 3, 4:30 P.m.
fRee

ucsd By desIGN
i-house, GReat hall
maRch 4, 10 P.m.
fRee

tRON dANce
PoRteR’s Pub
maRch 5, 9:30 P.m.
fRee

the veLvet teeN 
& tApe deck 
MOuNtAIN
che cafe
maRch 5, 9 P.m.
$7

BLAck Ice: A spOkeN 
wORd eveNt
PoRteR’s Pub
maRch 8, 7:30 P.m. 
fRee

New wRItING 
seRIes wIth
thALIA FIeLd
visual aRts 
PeRfoRmaNce sPace
maRch 9, 4:30 P.m. 
fRee

wINteRwORks
sheila aNd huGhes 
PotikeR theatRe
maRch 9, 8 P.m.  
$10

In QUASH (Quest to Unravel Alzheimer’s, a city-wide 
Scavenger Hunt), teams will compete in a series of mental and 
physical team-building challenges in downtown San Diego to 
raise money and awareness for Alzheimer’s research. After 
the challenges, participants can attend the award ceremony 
and after party in the park, featuring free food and live music 
sponsored by the Alzheimer’s Association. Visit www.sanalz.
org for more information. (RE)

quAsh
embaRcadeRo PaRk south / maRch 5, 10 a.m. / fRee

The Loft’s monthly night of food, live music and comedy is 
back. Comics will include host, writer and UCSD alumnus 
Feraz Ozel, “How I Met Your Mother” and “Californication” 
costar KT Tatara, San Diego comedy circuit newcomer Chase 
Brockett and other stand-up comics who have appeared on 
Comedy Central, Showtime, Last Comic Standing and dozens 
of other hit television shows. (RE)

LAuGh Out LOud
the loft / maRch 8, 7:30 P.m. / $2

Fear, 
Loathing 
& Lizards

Animated flick is more for 
existentialists than kiddies.
By Rusteen Honardoost



HIATUS THURSDAY, mARcH 3, 2011 THE UcSD GUARDIAN 9

I f this is what Adele sounds like when she’s heartbroken, let’s hope 
that she never stops mourn-
ing. 

Two years ago, the 
British singer’s debut album, 
19, garnered her high-pro-
file fans (like former Prime 
Minister Gordon Brown) 
in the UK, as well as two 
Grammy awards stateside. 
Her follow-up, titled 21 to 
again reflect her age dur-
ing the recording process, 
is a self-declared breakup 
album. But 21 stands out 
from its predecessor with 
diverse influences from 
American soul to country. 

The country flair is most 
noticeable on “Rumour 
Has It,” which begins with 
stomps and a humming 
chorus. The consistent 
background beat creates 
the spine over which claps, 
chants, fiddle and twang-
like vocals are overlaid. 
Even the lyrical content — a 
woman admonishing an ex 
for being with a hussy — is 
reminiscent of a Carrie 
Underwood hit, though 
Adele’s throaty vocals keep 
it from venturing too far 
into pop.

Then there’s “Rolling in 
the Deep,” which is all about 
rhythm. The rollicking 
lyrics emphasize different 
words (“The scars of your 

love/Remind me of us/They 
keep me thinking”) and 
build to a full-out gospel 
chorus that lets Adele show 
off her greatest strength — 
her inhumanly powerful 
voice. 

In its weakest parts, the 
album buries this voice 
behind too much pop 
production. “Set Fire to the 
Rain,” an ’80s-style power 
ballad in the vein of Heart, 
doesn’t belong on the track 
list, and the attempted 
reinvention of The Cure’s 
“Lovesong” is ultimately 
lackluster. Unlike her jazz 
cover of Bob Dylan’s “Make 
You Feel My Love” on 19, 
the urgency of the classic is 
stripped away and turned 
into downtempo fluff.

But 21 is redeemed 
by tracks like album 
closer “Someone Like You.” 
Production-wise, it’s the 
simplest song on the album; 
instead of lush instrumen-
tation, there’s only Adele’s 
subdued voice floating over 
a four-note piano loop, cre-
ating a simplicity that high-
lights the poignant lyrics.

Think of the song, or 
the entire album even, as a 
soulful version of Robyn’s 
“Dancing On my Own”:  
therapeutic music for lonely 
girls in unrequited love. 

—Angela Chen 
Senior Staff Writer

UK Singer Tackles American Soul

ALBuMREVIEWS

Adele 
21
xl

8
10

A s the story goes, Los Angeles husband-and-wife 
duo Danny and Tiffany 
Preston stumbled 
upon a Lebanese Casio 
keyboard one day. 
Using the keyboard’s 
foreign microtonal 
scales and tinny beats, 
they released an EP 
of eastern psychedelic 
electronica as Rainbow 
Arabia.

Boys & Diamonds, 
Rainbow Arabia’s debut 
album on Germany’s 
prestigious Kompakt 
label, further strives 
to play up their sort-
of-foreign roots. With 
song titles like “Papai,” 
“Hai,” and “Jungle Bear,” 
and album art that 
looks like a reinterpre-
tation of a Keith Haring 
painting by a fourth 
grader on mushrooms, 
everything about 
Rainbow Arabia evokes 
a kind of pseudo-
cultural lo-fi pop in the 
vein of contemporaries 
like Gang Gang Dance 
and Fever Ray. 

The beginning 
of Boys & Diamonds 
comes across as an 
accessible, Cyndi-
Lauper-gone-tribal 
approach to world 
music. The second 

track (and first single) 
“Without You” might 
sound like an ’80s 
Billboard chart-topper, 
were it less reliant on 
vague polyrhythm and 
dubby synth effects. 
Though this sense of 
structured melody 
continues throughout 
the rest of the album, 
Boys & Diamonds’ latter 
half tends more toward 
experimental textures 
and downbeat melo-
dies. “Hai” finds Mrs. 
Preston engaging in 
some of her most mem-
orable and adventur-
ous melodic work over 
deep bass and steadily 
oscillating synthesizer 
burbling. 

It’s a promising 
debut, though Boys 
& Diamonds tends to 
err too often on the 
side of caution. The 
duo’s structured pop 
is consistently pleas-
ant, but pales next to 
the more unconven-
tional and experimental 
tracks like “Hai” and 
“Mechanical,” on which 
their looser, less tradi-
tional approach allows 
them to reach greater 
heights.  

—Andrew 
Whitworth

Senior Staff Writer

Couple Attempts Global Pop

Rainbow Arabia
Boys & Diamonds
kompAkT

7
10

More of  the Hiatus Take On the 
Best and Worst of  Film in 2010
▶ anti-oscars from page 7

Maybe the director of “Prince of Persia: The 
Sands of Time” thought Jake Gyllenhaal’s biceps 
would be enough of a distraction. Maybe they were 
counting on the audience to get caught up in the 
whirlwind of ninjas and magic sand. I can tolerate 

the latter, and God knows women (and plenty of men) can appreciate those 
biceps, but I cannot accept a movie set in ancient Persia in which characters 
speak with British accents. 

Let’s consider history for a moment. Though the movie takes place in the 
“mystical lands of Persia,” anyone with Wikipedia access can come to the con-
clusion that the film is set around the time of the Sassanid Empire, which lasted 
from 224 to 651 AD. England didn’t become a unified state until 927 AD. So 
not only is L.A.-bred Gyllenhaal too white for the role, there is no historical 
way he could be speaking with a British accent. 

We know Hollywood takes liberties with history, but there are lines that 
shouldn’t be crossed. Not that the change is unprecedented. Hollywood loves 
to take ancient empires and make them relatable (and attractive) to American 
viewers — too bad our intelligence is questioned in the process. 

—Sarah Robinson
Staff Writer

“PriNce of 
PersiA”

mosT iNAPProPriATe briTish AcceNTs

I only agreed to see “Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief” 
because my tween sisters begged me to, though I told myself it would be interest-
ing to see how the film used Greek mythology in a kid-friendly plot line. But 

what got me to keep watching was something else alto-
gether. Or, more accurately, someone.  

With striking blue eyes, artfully sculpted dark hair and 
youthful enthusiasm that make Justin Bieber look like a 
downright dweeb, Logan Lerman as Percy Jackson had my 

eyes glued to the screen. I’m no cougar, but watching the kid use his wit to trick 
Medusa had me head over heels in love. 

Of course, I IMDb-ed him after the movie ended, only to discover that at 
the time of filming, Logan was 17 years old (though he’s 19 now). I felt creepy 
for a while — and then decided to rationalize the whole thing by blaming 
Disney’s casting. I nevertheless look forward to his next starring turn as the lead 
in the film adaptation of “The Perks Of Being a Wallflower,” after which I hope 
to not feel like a pedophile. 

—Sarah Robinson
Staff Writer

logAN 
lermAN

hoTTesT uNderAge AcTor



Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Complete the grid so
each row, column and
3-by-3 box (in bold
borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

2/28/11 Crossword Solution

CLASSIFIEDS10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Student HouSing
3 bedroom condo near UTC, 
UCSD available now for $1850 
per month (includes water and 
trash).  2 parking spaces, wash-
er/dryer.  Call 858-205-9059 for 
more info. (1/31)

Large furnished room with sepa-
rate bath and separate entrance 
in La Jolla ocean view house, 
walk to the beach, $900 utilities 
included, parking on driveway. 
Email orest@gmx.net (2/28)

JobS
UCSD BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY 
STUDY: Subjects with current 
allergy symptoms to inhaled 
allergens (cat, grass, dustmite) 
needed as blood donors for 
research study requiring dona-
tion of blood and allergy skin test-

ing. Will be reimbursed $100 for 
completion of 2 clinic visit study. 
Contact Dr. Broide Department 
Medicine 858.534.2033 (4/21)
EGG DONORS NEEDED $10,000, 
plus expenses  We are seeking 
attractive and intelligent women  
of all ethnicities.  Please contact: 
1-800-264-8828 or darlene@
aperfectmatch.com     www.aper-
fectmatch.com      ASRM-SART ID# 
1202 (3/21)

Eyeblink Study: up to $260. 
Healthy participants needed: 
18-35, right handed, drug-free, 
no psychiatric history.  Studies on 
M-F, 9-4 only.  UCSDMC, Hillcrest. 
(619) 543-2314 or  Email eyeb-
linkstudy@gmail.com (3/24)

Position Available – Part Time 
Home Office Assistant, Flex 
Hours – Mac Compatible, Light 
Bookkeeping & Correspondence 
($15/hr), references and 

experience, e-mail DaveB.-
delmar1000@gmail.com

L.A. AREA SUMMER DAY CAMPS 
Swimming, horses, sports, crafts, 
archery, beaches, ropes courses 
and more. Gain valuable experi-
ence working with children in 
a variety of fun camp settings!  
www.daycampjobs.com (5/19) 

858
246
0972



SPORTS THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 11 

TriTons 76, WildcaTs 71 
uc san diego (76)

Osga 8-12 1-2 18, Carlisle 3-17 6-6 13, Perry 1-1 2-2 5, Grady 
1-4 0-1 2, Freidenberg 5-10 7-8 17, Anderson-Jew 0-1 1-2 1, Feder 
3-6 3-5 10, Dautremont 5-7 0-0 10. Totals 26-58 20-26 76.

chico sTaTe (71)
Lydon 5-9 0-0 15, Hamilton 4-7 0-0 9, Harrison 0-3 0-0 0, Collins 

11-18 4-4 29, Ferrall 2-6 0-0 4, Girten 1-6 0-0 3, Miller 1-8 2-2 4, 
Dalthorp 2-4 3-4 7, Riezebos 0-1 0-0 0, Marquardt 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 
26-62 9-10 71.
UCSD               40    36     — 76
CHICO             42       29     — 71

3-Point Goals—UCSD 4-19 (Osga 1-3, Perry 1-1, Carlisle 1-8, Feder 
1-4, Grady 0-2, Anderson-Jew 0-1), CHICO 10-25 (Lydon 5-8, Collins 
3-7, Girten 1-1, Hamilton 1-1, Harrison 0-2, Miller 0-3). Fouled Out— 
Girten. Rebounds—UCSD 36 (Freidenberg 13), CHICO 37 (Miller 9). 
Assists—UCSD 18 (Carlisle 9), CHICO 19 (Hamilton 6). Total Fouls—
UCSD 12, CHICO 20. A—211 (RIMAC Arena; La Jolla, Calif.)

able to contribute 13 points and nine assists. Osga finished 
with a team-high 18 points. Junior guard Daisy Feder went 
3-of-5 from behind the arc to collect 10 points, along with 
freshman forward Erin Dautremont, who went 5-of-7 to chip 
in 10.

Junior forward Lauren Freidenberg had a stellar night, 
recording 17 points and 13 rebounds to get the Tritons 
through the second half.  

With five minutes remaining in the game, UCSD held a 
10-point lead. But Chico continued to push, with Lydon and 
Chico guard Molly Collins — who led all scorers with 26 
points on the night — combining to go on a 12-4 run to cut 
the lead down to two with just 14 seconds remaining. But the 
Tritons were able to hit their free throws and hold onto pos-
session to get the win.

UCSD will now travel to Cal State Monterey Bay, where 
the team will face off against second-seeded Cal Poly Pomona 
in the semifinal round of conference tournament on Friday, 
March 4.  

The Tritons have met with Pomona twice this season, los-
ing on both occasions, but Coach Elliott believes the Tritons 
are ready to continue into the postseason.

“Our team is excited to keep playing,” Elliott said. “We’re 
just excited we get to come back tomorrow and get after it and 
really at this point, everyone’s going to be playing their best, so 
let’s just toss it up and see what happens.”

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.edu    

Tritons Lost Twice to 
Pomona in Regular Season

▶ W. BASKETBALL, from page 12

York also pitched one inning of scoreless relief.

Feb. 27 (game 1)
Cal State Monterey Bay 8, UC San Diego 7

Triton starting pitcher Daniel Simmons had a rough outing, giving 
up seven runs on nine hits in just 3.1 innings, as UCSD lost two con-
secutive games for the first time in over a year. 

UCSD jumped out to an early 4-0 lead after two innings, with two 
RBI apiece from Susdorf and Tuck. But Monterey Bay responded with 
four runs in the third and three more in the fourth, cutting Simmons’s 
day short. Justin Burns came into relieve and allowed one run in 2.2 
innings of work. York finished the day with two hitless innings.

UCSD got back into the game at the top of the seventh, when 
Benton scored on an error and Tagmyer’s groundout plated Susdorf. 
The Tritons added another run in the eighth, but a one-two-three ninth 
allowed the Otters to hang on for the win.

The last time the Tritons lost two games in a row was in Feb. 2010 
against Chico State.

Feb. 27 (game 2)
UC San Diego 4, Cal State Monterey Bay 3

In a seven-inning game, UCSD used small-ball to get the win. With 
the score tied 3-3 heading into the seventh, Kyle Saul walked, stole 
second, then reached third on an error charged to CSUMB second 
baseman Danny Nelson. Susdorf then hit a sacrifice fly to right field to 
score the go-ahead run. 

The Otters threatened to tie the game in their half of the inning, as 
reliever Jeff Rauh faced control issues. Rauh walked the first batter he 
faced, after which a passed ball allowed the runner to advance to sec-
ond. After another walk and passed ball, Ruah faced runners on second 
and third with no outs. Ruah induced the next batter to pop up to Saul 
in right field, and Saul fired a bullet to the plate to retire the tagging 
runner. Ruah threw one more passed ball to put the tying run on third, 
but stuck out the final batter looking. 

Burns pitched 1.1 innings to get the win — his first as a Triton.

The Tritons are now 12-4 overall and 5-3 in conference play, and 
have slipped to No. 3 in the national rankings.

“We weren’t really happy with how we played,” head coach Dan 
O’Brien said. “I think our guys are doing a better job than people real-
ize of dealing with the pressures of being on a team coming off back-
to-back College World Series. But think this will make us stronger and 
we’re going to be more battle tested as the year goes on.”

UCSD will return home to host San Francisco State for a four-game 
series on March 5-7. The first game is at Friday at 6 p.m.

Tritons Lose No. 1 Ranking After 
Splitting Games with CSUMB

Hot Start Continues For 
Triton Softball with Sweep

▶ BASEBALL roundup, from page 12
cide squeeze by Mya Romero and an RBI double from 
Jennifer De Fazio.

Tess Granath (5-2) pitched 4.2 innings to get the win, 
allowing one run and six hits. Gaito pitched 2.1 innings 
of relief for the save.

Feb. 26 (game 1)
UC San Diego 4, Cal State San Bernardino 3

 
Camille Gaito (9-0) pitched another complete game, 

and Caitlin Brown delivered a one-out walk-off single to 
give the Tritons a 4-3 win.

San Bernardino struck first with a run in the first 
inning, but UCSD responded with a three-run third 
inning, starting with Lesovsky’s lead-off solo home run. 
The Coyotes got a run in the fifth and sixth innings to 
tie the score at three.

Lesovksy singled to start the bottom of the seventh, 
and advanced to second on a passed ball. Brown then 
singled to right to bring home the winning run.

Feb. 26 (game 2)
UC San Diego 7, Cal State San Bernardino 3

Esther Strom went 4-for-4 with two runs, Tess 
Granath pitched three innings of relief without giving 
up a hit and the Tritons completed the sweep of the 
Coyotes.

San Bernardino scored all of their runs with a two-
out triple in the second inning, but the Tritons would 
respond with four runs in the bottom of the inning and 
only allowed one hit the rest of the game.

Jennifer Manuel (2-0) pitched four innings to pick 
up the win, allowing three runs while giving up just two 
hits and striking out two batters.

The Tritons are now 16-2 overall and 10-1 in the 
CCAA.

“Our confidence is definitely at its highest point right 
now,” head coach Patti Gerckens said. “We have a lot of 
people that are coming through for us. Seniors, fresh-
men, everyone is doing something that is helping our 
team win right now.”

The Tritons will host a four-game series against 
Humboldt State, with a doubleheader on Friday starting 
at 1 p.m.

▶ SofTBALL roundup, from page 12



www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/SPORTS

SPORTS
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 2011

ContaCt the editor: sports@ucsdguardian.org

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN 

WOMEN’S BASKETBALL

MEN’S TENNIS
WOMEN’S TENNIS

MEN’S VOLLEYBALL

3/4

3/3
3/4
3/4

VS Cal Poly Pomona 
(CCAA Tournament in Hayward)
AT Claremont-Mudd-Scripps
AT Villanova
VS Pacific

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

ALONG
move

UCSD squeaks by Chico State, 76-71, and advances in 
the CCAA Tournament to face Cal Poly Pomona.

By Rachel Uda •  Senior Staff Writer
Photo By Brian Yip

The third-seeded UCSD women’s basketball team will advance to the semifinal round in the CCAA 
conference playoffs after defeating sixth-
seeded Chico State in a hard-fought 76-71 
victory on Tuesday.

The win marked the Tritons’ third 
straight victory over the Wildcats this sea-
son. Despite having beaten Chico State 
by double digits on both occasions, the 
Tritons had a tougher time in the confer-
ence tournament, trailing the Wildcats 
42-40 by the end of the first period.

Chico relied heavily on perimeter 
shooting in the first period, sinking six 
three-pointers — half of which were pro-
vided by Chico forward Taylor Lydon, who 
finished with 15 points on the night. The 
Wildcats went an impressive 53 percent 
from the field, while the Tritons ended the 
first half shooting a paltry 38 percent.

“It’s March Madness, and [we] and 
Chico know that if you lose tonight, you’re 
done,” head coach Charity Elliott said. 
“[Chico] played with incredible passion 
and fire. They were shooting the lights out 
first half, and we just talked about weath-
ering the storm and kind of getting on a 

roll ourselves. I thought the momentum 
changed in the first five minutes in the 
second half, and we started taking control 
of the game.”  

The Tritons immediately seized the 
lead in the second period when sopho-
more guard Emily Osga hit a three-pointer 
to put UCSD up 43-42. From there, UCSD 
buckled down on defense to force three 
straight Wildcat turnovers.  

The Tritons continued to create offen-
sive opportunities, outrebounding and 
outgunning the Wildcats in the second 
period, despite poor shooting from the 
Tritons’ All-American guard and leading 
scorer Chelsea Carlisle.

“[Carlisle’s] not going to have very 
many games where she shoots that poorly,” 
Elliott said. “But what’s great about that is 
that we had other people step up — Emily 
Osga, Daisy [Feder] came in and had some 
big shots — that to me is as unique and 
special about our group, that [Carlisle] can 
go and shoot that poorly and yet we still 
have a way to win.”

Carlisle had a tough game, but was still 

See W. BASKETBALL, page 11

TRITON TENNIS STAyS PERFECT
By Jonathan Kaslow
Staff Writer

MEN’S AND WOMEN’S TENNIS — The UCSD 
men’s tennis team continued its perfect start to 
the season, defeating Villanova 9-0 at UCSD on 
Tuesday.  The Tritons are now a perfect 8-0 on the 
season.

Only one of the singles matches was close, with 
Vincent Nguyen pulling out a 4-6, 6-2, 14-12 vic-
tory against Villanova’s Ryan Peyton. The doubles 
team of senior Erik Elliott and Austin West also 
played a close match but came away victorious, 
winning 9-7. 

Elliott continues to play excellent tennis in his 
second year as the No. 1 singles player, winning 
his singles matches easily 6-2 and 6-0.  Junior 
Chapman Chan also won handily, 6-3 and 6-4.

The match against Villanova was the team’s first 
home match of the season after playing the first 
seven on the road. The next nine matches are all at 
home for the team, with the exception of the Pacific 
Coast Doubles Championships this weekend in La 
Jolla, in which select doubles teams will participate.  

The women’s tennis team continued to improve 
this season, with a 5-4 victory over Cal State Los 
Angeles on Feb. 23.  After losing their first two 
matches of the season, the Tritons have won three 
of their last four.

The Tritons held on in the tightly contested 
match to pull out the victory 5-4, with winning 
matches from senior Cindy Dao, junior Katie 
Mulloy and senior Roxanna Pourmirzaie.

“Katie and Roxy are playing great at dou-
bles,” head coach Liz LaPlante said. “They’re really 
improving. And Cindy as a senior continues to 
play great.”

Last Saturday, the Tritons’ match against 
Claremont-Mudd-Scripps was cut short due to 
rain, with CMS leading 2-1 after only the doubles 
match.  The Triton doubles team of Mulloy and 
Pourmirzaie was victorious.

The Tritons were originally slated to play anoth-
er match this Friday against Sonoma State, but the 
match was rescheduled for April 21.

Next up for the Tritons is a tough stretch of 
home matches against Villanova, Rollins College, 
Western New Mexico and Cal State Stanislaus over 
the course of the next two weeks.

“When the conference season starts, it’s always 
tough, but we’ll get through it,” LaPlante said.

On Thursday, the Triton men’s team will take 
the court against Claremont-Mudd-Scripps, a 
Division-III opponent, as they look to continue 
their hot start.  The team will participate in La 
Jolla’s Pacific Coast Doubles Championships from 
March 4 to March 6.

Readers can contact Jonathan Kaslow at jkaslow@
ucsd.edu 

NolaN Thomas/Guardian
Erik Elliott won 6-2, 6-0 as the No. 1 singles player and 9-7 in the 
No. 1 doubles matched paired with Austin West.

BASEBALL 
ROUNDUP

SOFTBALL 
ROUNDUP

Feb. 26 (game 1)
UC San Diego 4, 
Cal State San Bernardino 1

 
Kris Lesovsky crushed a three-run 

walk-off home run off the foul pole 
in left field to give the Tritons a 4-1 
win. With the score tied 1-1 going into 
the bottom of the seventh, a single 
by Caitlin Brown and walk by Nicole 
Spangler put two on for the Tritons with 
no outs. Katrin Gabriel lined out to the 
shortstop to bring Lesovsky to the plate. 
UCSD’s career batting-average leader 
did not disappoint, launching her first 
home run of the season. 

Camille Gaito (8-0) stayed perfect 
during the season, pitching a complete 
game while allowing only one run and 
striking out six. 

Feb. 26 (game 2)
UC San Diego 5, 
Cal State San Bernardino 2

Taylor Sepulveda scored on a bunt, 
and the Tritons took advantage of three 
Coyote errors to get the victory.

San Bernardino scored first in the 
third inning, but the Tritons answered 
right back in their half of the inning. 
With Lesovsky on first, Sepulveda laid 
down a bunt to advance the runner. But 
CSUSB third baseman Alex Mitchell 
air-mailed her throw into right field, 
allowing both Lesovsky and Sepulveda 
to score on the play. 

The Tritons gave themselves a 5-1 
lead in the fifth inning, thanks to a sui-

See SofTBALL roundup, page 11

Feb. 26 (game 1)
UC San Diego 8, 
Cal State Monterey Bay 3

 
The Tritons tallied 13 hits to back 

up a complete game from Tim Shibuya 
(4-0), and Evan Kehoe and Kyle Saul 
each had two RBI.

UCSD led 4-0 in the bottom of the 
seventh, but the Otters tallied three hits 
to score two runs. Shibuya got out of 
the jam, and the Otters left two on base. 
UCSD scored three runs in the top of 
eighth to put the game away.

Garrett Tuck and Michael Benton 
each went 3-for-4, and Blake Tagmyer 
tallied two doubles. Five Tritons had a 
stolen base on the game. 

Feb. 26 (game 2)
Cal State Monterey Bay 5, 
UC San Diego 3

The Otters tagged UCSD pitcher 
Guido Knudson (2-1) for five runs in the 
fifth inning, and the Tritons could not 
recover as Cal State Monterey Bay held 
on for the win.

The Tritons opened the game strong, 
with two runs in the top of the first 
inning thanks to an RBI single by Danny 
Susdorf, who also scored the second run 
off a wild pitch. Susdorf got another RBI 
in the third inning after his groundout 
plated Kyle Saul.

Knudson recovered from his disas-
trous fifth inning to pitch seven innings, 
and took the loss for giving up five runs 
on six hits while striking out five. Tony 

See BASEBALL roundup, page 11


	030311News.pdf
	030311Opinion.pdf
	030311Hiatus.pdf
	030311Classifieds_PG10.pdf
	030311Sports.pdf



