
MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 41

INSIDE
MONDAY

Height: 4.5-6.5 ft.
Wind: 7-13 mph

Water Temp: 58 F

TUESDAY
Height: 2.5-3 ft.
Wind: 1-13 mph

Water Temp: 58 F

WEDNESDAY
Height: 1-1.5 ft.
Wind: 3-14 mph 

Water Temp: 58 F

THURSDAY
Height: 2.5-4.5 ft.
Wind: 3-16 mph 

Water Temp: 58 F

LOW

$4.05
US Gas, Escondido 
445 W 5th Ave & S Centre City Pkwy

HIGH

$4.89
Bottle Shop, Borrego Springs
590 Palm Canyon Dr 

MONDAY
H 73 L 50

TUESDAY
H 71 L 53

GAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

WEDNESDAY
H 64 L 51

THURSDAY
H 60 L 48

Visual Diary ............................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
Field Notes ............................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Restaurant Review ..............10
Sudoku ..................................9
Sports ..................................12

MONDAY TUESDAY

“This was the fastest nationals 
in Division II, history and to be in 

the title hunt from start to finish was very 
exciting.”

MATT MACEDO
Swimming and Diving Head Coach 

“
WEDNESDAY THURSDAY

SURF REPORT

STUDENT 
KILLED 
IN HIT-
AND-RUN 

BY NICOLE CHAN
Associate News Editor

Engineering graduate student 
Sho Funai was killed Sunday, March 
11, in a hit-and-run accident while 
walking in Ocean Beach. Funai was 
23 years old. 

According to 
the San Diego 
Union Tribune, 
Funai was walk-
ing on the right 
shoulder of 
the eastbound 
Interstate 8 by the 
Nimitz onramp 
when he was hit 

at approximately 4:30 a.m. 
Authorities have not commented 

on why Funai was walking on the 
Interstate at that time. 

The driver, later identified as 
18-year-old Mesa College student 
Nikolette Gallo, was arrested after 
turning herself into authorities. 

Gallo was quoted in the San 
Diego Union Tribune as stating that 
she thought she had hit a sofa. 
ABC News reported that Gallo was 
released Tuesday, March 20, after 
posting a $50,000 bail.  

Gallo will attend a preliminary 
hearing in May. 

If convicted of vehicular man-
slaughter and hit-and-run, Gall 
faces anything from probation to 
four years in prison.

According to his LinkedIn pro-
file, Funai, who is originally from 
Palos Verdes, received his under-
graduate degree in structural engi-
neering from UCSD in 2010. 

He was scheduled to receive his 
M.S. in structural engineering this 
year. 

Funai had begun working as 
an associate engineer at Goodrich 
Aerostructures in Chula Vista in 
January 2012, and had previously 
been a graduate student researcher 
at UCSD studying the impact of hail 
ice on composite structures. 

Funeral services for Funai were 
held Saturday, March 17 at Higashi 
Honganji Buddhist Temple in Los 
Angeles.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at 
n3chan@ucsd.edu.

STUDENT SPACE OBITUARIES

Engineering grad student 
killed by 18-year-old, 
who later turned herself 
in to the authorities. 

THIS WEEK

KYLE SZETOGUARDIAN

Hapkido students demonstrate a throw during their quarterly belt test; hapkido is a Korean martial art. 

Revelle 
J-Board 
Overturns 
TIDE DQ
BY ANGELA CHEN 
Editor in Chief

Revelle College Judicial Board has 
ruled that the TIDE slate will still 
be able to run in Revelle elections. 
This ruling  overturns the decision of 
the Revelle Elections Committee to 
disqualify the slate for flyering early. 

According to TIDE A.S. 
Presidential Candidate Meggie Le, 
the Revelle election bylaws state that 
candidates cannot begin flyering 
until Sunday before Spring Quarter. 
Several members of TIDE run-
ning for office in Revelle College 

ERIKA JOHNSON/GUARDIAN FILE

Construction 
Begins on 
CLICS

Construction crews began renovating the Center for Library & Instructional Computing Services, or CLICS,  over Spring Break. 
CLICS —  which had been “reclaimed” by the student-run 

People’s Assembly and the Public Education Coalition during 
Finals Week of Fall Quarter — will be converted into a mixed-
use space which will include a 420-person lecture hall, instruc-
tional studios for theater and dance and offices for theater and 
dance administrators. The lecture hall will take up both stories 
of CLICS, with studios exclusively on the second floor.

According to Associate Vice Chancellor for Undergraduate 
Education Barbara Sawrey, who is a member of the Building 
Advisory Committee responsible for overseeing the construc-
tion, the renovation is expected to cost the university $6.7 
million. She said that the money will not come from student 
fees or tuition. 

The remainder of the building — roughly one-eighth 

After a quarter of functioning as a  
student-run space, the CLICS space will 

be turned into lecture hall, studio, offices. 

By AyAn KusARi • Staff Writer

A.S. ELECTIONS 2012

See CLICS, page 3

See TIDE, page 3

TACOS & INSTAGRAM.
PAGE 10.

SHO FUNAI



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .

g e t  i n f o r m e d . . .

new, bold look!

visit

more content. . . new, bold look!

ucsdguardian.org

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the regular academic year, with the 
exception of summer session, university holidays and 
final examinations by UCSD students and for the UCSD 
community. Reproduction of this newspaper in any 
form, whether in whole or in part, without permission 
is strictly prohibited. © 2012, all rights reserved. The 
UCSD Guardian is not responsible for the return of unso-
licited manuscripts or art. The views expressed herein 
do not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD 
Guardian, the University of California or Associated 
Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded by advertising. 
WAHGELA..

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: focus@ucsdguardian.org

Leisure: leisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

Marketing & Advertising
Christine Alabastro, Christina Doo,                                         

Nick Paladino, Shilpa Sharma

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Angela Chen

Nicole Chan
Zev Hurwitz

Madeline Mann

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Nicholas Howe

Mina Nilchian

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Andrew Whitworth

Monica Haider
Emily Pham

Andrew Oh

Nolan Thomas

Nathan Toung

Jeffrey Lau

Rebekah Hwang

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Leisure Editor

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Development Editor

Page Layout
Leo Bui, Rebecca Horwitz, Arielle Sallai,                    

Nathan Toung, Margaret Yau

PUN TIME By Irene Chiang

VISUAL DIARY By Khanh Nguyen

COMPILED BY Zev Hurwitz | associate news editorCURRENTS

UCSD SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA

▶ President Barack Obama visited the Copper 
Mountain Solar Facility in Nevada last week. The 
solar field was developed largely using research 
conducted by scientists associated with UCSD.

▶ UCSD will host Triton Day on April 7. Triton 
Day is a combination of  Admit Day and UCSD 
Open House, which were formerly separate, annual 
events. 

▶ UCSD Researchers published a study in the 
Archives of Internal Medicine on March 26 stating 
that people who eat more chocolate weigh less.  
Over a thousand local San Diego residents par-
ticipated in the study, which charted the residents’ 
chocolate consumption and average weight.

▶ Eric Courchense, PhD and director of the UCSD 
Autism Center of Excellence, has led a study that 
successfully identified the genetic abnormalities 
involved in the development of autism. 

▶San Diego resident Christy Henry gave birth to a 
six-pound baby on Interstate-5 while her husband 
drove toward a hospital early Saturday morning.
 
▶ Assemblyman and San Diego mayoral can-
didate Nathan Fletcher announced last week 
that he is leaving the Republican Party and will 
run as an independent in the June 5 primary.  
 
Fletcher and Democratic Congressman Bob Filner 
are the only non-Republicans in a field that con-
tains Councilman Carl DeMaio, District Attorney 
Bonnie Dumanis and businessman Tobiah Pettus.
 
▶ Patricia Corby was arrested Saturday night in the 
apparent murder of her four-year-old son. The boy 
died at a police station, where paramedics unsuc-
cessfully tried to revive him.
 

▶ A plan to connect San Francisco and Los Angeles 
by high-speed rail may be $30 billion cheaper, 
according to sources familiar with a plan that will 
be released next week.
 
▶ Sixth-graders at St. Paul’s Episcopal School found 
a 15-pound bag of “treasure” while cleaning a local 
lake in Oakland. The canvas bag contained nearly 
100 pieces of jewelry and other items.

CORRECTIONS
The March 15 article titled “Crisis Averted”  
incorrectly stated that the Che Cafe raised 
$9,000 from its benefit blog. The amount 
raised from the blog alone is unknown, 
though cafe members raised $15,000 total. 

The Guardian corrects all errors brought to 
the attention of the editors. Corrections can 
be sent to editor@ucsdguardian.org.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

Room Selection
is just around the corner !

IMPORTANT! You must meet these deadlines to be able to select a sp
ace  

on Room Selection Day. Check your UCSD email account for more de
tails.

April 3:    First day to apply online   Fill out your Personal History Form (PHF) and update your permanent address.

April 3-16:   Sign online contract and pre-pay $650 (via eCheck or coupon)*  

May 8:  General Online Room Selection   Pick your space for the 2012-13 academic year.

For more information, please go to hdh.ucsd.edu/roomselection

*Not covered by Financial Aid until August

iiiooonn
is just around the corner !is just around the corner !is just around the corner !is just around the corner !is just around the corner !is just around the corner !is just around the corner !

IMPORTANT! You must meet these deadlines to be able to select a sp
ace 

on Room Selection Day. Check your UCSD email account for more de
tails.

Fill out your Personal History Form (PHF) and update your permanent address.

 (via eCheck or coupon)*  

 Pick your space for the 2012-13 academic year.

mselection

*Not covered by Financial Aid until August

LIGHTS & SIRENS

Friday, March 9
9:43 a.m.: Information
▶ “Inappropriate” posters were 
posted on trash cans on Library 
Walk. Information only.
6:32 p.m.: Noise disturbance
▶ Drummers were practicing in 
the basement of Hopkins Parking 
Structure, setting off car alarms. 
Checks OK.

Monday, March 12
4:04 p.m.: Suicide attempt
▶ The subject at Thornton Hospital 
ER was not actually suicidal, “just 
frustrated” about a medical situation. 
Field interview administered.
8:43 p.m.: Information
▶ The reporting party at Hopkins 
Parking Structure was concerned 
about “possible drag racing.” Checks 
OK.

Tuesday, March 13
12:25 p.m.: Non-injury accident
▶ A UC shuttle bus collided 
with a fence by the UCSD Police 
Department. Information only.

Wednesday, March 14
8:39 a.m.: Medical aid
▶ An adult male at Shiley Eye Center 
was having an anxiety attack but was 
conscious and breathing. Transported 
to hospital.
8:12 p.m.: Sexual battery
▶ An “attempted kidnapping” 
occurred at 1 Miramar Building 2. 
Report taken.

Thursday, March 15
11:27 a.m.: Annoying/harassing 
phone calls
▶ A collection agency kept calling 
Thornton Hospital for an employee 
who was “not physically present.” 
Information only.
6:20 p.m.: Suicide attempt
▶ The subject was released to his or 
her father at Student Services Center. 
Report taken.

Saturday, March 17
3:59 a.m.: Citizen flagdown
▶ The reporter provided secondhand 
information of indecent exposure at 
The Village East. Unable to locate.
10:30 a.m.: Suspicious person
▶ A suspicious person harmed 
another person at Village East 1. 
Report taken.
12:30 p.m. - 1 p.m.: Suspicious 
person
▶ An unknown female “maliciously 
shut off” the power at Thornton 
Hospital. Report taken.
2:40 p.m.: Medical aid
▶ An adult male at Black Hall fell 
from the third-floor balcony but 
was still conscious and breathing. 
Transported to hospital.
6:45 p.m.: Welfare check
▶ Young children were going door 
to door at 1 Miramar Building 4 
“selling candy.” Information only.

Sunday, March 18
2:41 a.m.: Vandalism
“Possible frozen eggs” were thrown 
from The Village Building 1. 
Information only.
12:52 a.m.: Disturbance
A large party was occurring at 1 
Miramar Building 4. Willing to 
cooperate.
9:31 a.m.: Chemical spill
Liquid nitrogen was leaking from 
a tank at CALIT2. Referred to other 
agency - EH&S.

Monday, March 19
10 a.m.: Information
The subject turned in “unwanted 
firearms” to the UCSD Police 
Department. Information only.
4:03 p.m.: Vandalism
A suspicious person with spray 
cans was at Mandeville Center. 
Information only.

—COMPILED BY SARAH KANG 
Staff Writer

— will be preserved as a quiet study 
area accommodating 156 students, 
she said. 

Students groups such as PEC 
are unhappy that the administra-
tion has gone forward with construc-
tion. According to PEC member 
Sean Estelle, the administration went 
ahead with the plan to convert CLICS 
without adequate student input. 

“The PEC wanted dialogue,” 
Estelle said. “But the administration’s 
idea of a dialogue was asking us what 
we wanted to do with the tiny part of 
the building that was going to be a 
study space.” 

Estelle said that he believes the 
administration should have given 
students a voice in the process of 
deciding what the Galbraith Hall 

space would be used for. 
Sawrey said that the usage data 

from last quarter indicated that the 
new study space, with its 156 seats, 
“will meet the need at this location.” 
She added that data shows that there 
is a need for larger lecture halls at 
UCSD. 

There are currently only four 
classrooms that hold more than 300 
students, and these are used all day, 
every weekday, with a waiting list of 
courses that can’t be accommodated, 
she said. 

“According to state standards, we 
utilize these rooms at 134 percent of 
the usual time slots,” she said.

Throughout Winter Quarter 
2012, CLICS was largely run by stu-
dent volunteers. 

The administration had made 
a deal with the PEC to keep paid 

employees to open, close and clean 
CLICS, according to Estelle. Though 
the employees’ contracts had been 
renewed by the administration, they 
were notified during the middle of 
Spring Break that their positions had 
been cut. 

“The administration has resorted 
to deception, and lies and trickery to 
get what they want,” Estelle said in 
regard to employee lay-offs. 

Estelle said that the PEC has and 
will continue to fight for students to 
have more control over CLICS. 

“They’re doing this because 
they’re scared of us,” he said. “They 
know we’re getting petitions, and sig-
natures and they know we have a 
chance.”

Readers can contact Ayan Kusari at 
akusari@ucsd.edu.

Admin: Data Shows That New Lecture Hall Fills Urgent Need
▶ CLICS, from page 1

were unaware 
of this rule and 
began flyering 
on Thursday, 
March 8, imme-
diately after the 
candidates were 
announced at the 
official elections 
meeting.

David Lee, 
who is running 
for Revelle A.S. 
Senator as an 
i n d e p e n d e n t 
candidate, then 
filed a grievance 
against members 
of Revelle TIDE. 

On March 
12, the election committee, chaired 
by Revelle Election Manager Carlos 
Molina, reviewed the grievance and 

disqualified all members of the slate.
“We filed an appeal 

because we felt that the 
punishment didn’t fit the 
crime,” Le said. “Meena 
Kaushik [who had put up 
the offending posters] took 
full responsibility for the 
incident, and the guidelines 
say that disqualification is 
the last step possible, only in 
case of foul play, which was 
not evident here.”

Revelle J-Board reviewed 
the appeal over Spring Break 
and ruled to overturn the 
disqualification.

“This [disqualification] 
had never happened in 
Revelle history,” Le said.

TIDE Revelle members 
have been sanctioned for 

violating the guidelines; several 
members will not be able to begin 
campaigning until later in Week 

One. 
Soren Nelson, who is running 

for Revelle Speaker of the Assembly 
as a member of TIDE, said that the 
members were shocked at the dis-
qualification, and believes that the 
J-Board’s decision is fair.  Nelson, 
who is running unopposed, was 
among the sanctioned members 
and cannot begin campaigning until 
Wednesday, April 4.

“I don’t think this will affect 
TIDE’s chances,” he said. “The rul-
ing is based on a precedent set by a 
similar case in Marshall College last 
year, and they ended up doing well.”

Students can vote on TritonLink 
beginning Monday, April 9.

Carlos Molina, David Lee and 
Revelle J-Board Chair Dale Young 
were unable to be reached for com-
ment as of press time.

Readers can contact Angela Chen at 
shchen@ucsd.edu.

Judicial Board Based Ruling on 2011 Marshall College Precedent
▶ TIDE from page 1

“We filed all appeal because we felt that 
the punishment didn’t 
fit the crime...The 
guidelines say that 
disqualificaiton is the 
last step possible, only 
in case of foul play, 
which was not evident 
here.”

MEGGIE TIDE 
TIDE PRESIDENTIAL 

CANDIDATE



OPINION
MADELINE MANN
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Digit for digit, I have my father’s stubby-fingered, large-palmed hands. Until 
last week, this was nothing more 
than an aesthetic annoyance. Then I 
stumbled upon research suggesting 
that “man hands” don’t just make 
playing the piano look less graceful — 
they also suggest that I’m more likely 
than my dainty-fingered comrades to 
be murdered. 

The key here is digit ratio, or 
the difference in length between the  
index and ring fingers. In women, 
the index finger is typically the 
same length or longer than the ring 
finger (high digit ratio); in men, the 
opposite is true (low digit ratio). Digit 
ratio is one of the few sex differences 
present at birth, and is directly 
influenced by exposure to prenatal 
sex hormones. In other words: The 
bigger the difference in finger lengths, 
the more testosterone exposure in the 
womb.

Keeping in mind that correlation 
is not necessarily causation, there’s 
still a slew of fascinating connections 
between digit ratio and everything 
from musical ability (masculine 
hands do better) to breast cancer 
(people with feminine hands are at 
higher risk). As someone with a low 
digit ratio, I’m supposedly better 
at engineering, military-related 
occupations and chess. I am also 
more likely to end up in prison, go 
mad and die young. In contrast, 
people with long index fingers are 
more likely to have eczema and hay 
fever, which isn’t quite comparable 
to the horrors that may be in store 
for me.

It gets interesting when it comes 
to those of us with digit ratios usually 
associated with the opposite sex. If 
I were a man, I would have a larger-
than-average penis — but since I’m 
not, there are seemingly few benefits 
to reap. For both genders, we’re more 
likely to be gay. Women like me are 
less likely to be fertile and more likely 
to have autism. On the other hand 
(no pun intended), I should enjoy 
greater professional success, which 
could explain why my name has been 
at the top of the Guardian staff box 
for going on two years, and probably 
won’t get breast cancer. Similarly, 
men with feminine hands have a 
lower risk for prostate cancer. 

Though the correlations are 
interesting, digit ratio ultimately 
means little when environmental 
factors aren’t taken into account. 
The results are more indicators than 
predictors, and even now — without 
knowing whether I’ll develop cancer 
or end up in prison — there’s glaring 
errors in the connection between my 
hands and my abilities. According 
to the British Journal of Psychology, 
people like me usually have a huge 
difference in literacy and math 
skills (check), favoring math (dead 
wrong). Considering I’m neither gay 
nor especially athletic, had a perfect 
writing SAT and couldn’t break 700 
in math, there may be hope for me 
yet.

Forget Palm 
Reading: 
Look at Your 
Index Finger

Field 
        Notes

ANGELA CHEN
shchen@ucsd.edu

Field 
        Notes

ANGEL

A Paid Advantage

Santa Monica College recently announced its intention to offer students a handful of its most in-
demand classes at over four times the 
regular price as early as this summer. 
The current price of a the regular classes 
at SMC are currently $46 per unit, and 
the new sections of these classes will cost 
roughly $200 per unit. These classes at 
inflated prices will be offered only during 
the 5-week intersessions, which take place 
over summer and winter break. SMC’s 
goal is to reduce demand and free up 
space during the school year — waitlists 
often have more people signed up than the 
classes have seats. 

The plan has been disparaged as exclu-
sive and elitist by politicians, journalists, 
and Santa Monica College students alike. 
But given the severity of the budget crisis 
and the high demand for necessary cours-
es, offering higher-cost classes during the 
shorter sessions as a stop-gap measure will 
pay off in the end.

Opening this new set of intersession 
sections is expensive, therefore students 
have to cover the additional cost them-

selves for these new sections. It’s impor-
tant to note that students can still get a full 
education at SMC without ever having to 
take a higher-priced class: the new sec-
tions will only be opened for the summer 
and winter intersessions, and are intended 
for those students who were waitlisted for 
the normally-priced classes during the 
regular terms. A higher-priced interses-
sion offering is more than a good deal for 
the chronically waitlisted: it’s the only way 
for many of them to graduate on time.

It is necessary to make students pay 
more for their education while California 
schools are in economic recovery. And 
it’s better than the alternative — intermi-
nable waitlists that lead to unprecedented 
dropout rates. The 2010 “Divided We Fail” 
study conducted by Cal State Sacramento 
found that nearly 70 percent of students 
in California Community Colleges either 
drop out officially, or simply fail to reap-
pear for another semester. This is often 
due to the lack of available seats in class-
rooms, which becomes discouraging and 
leads to drop outs. Moreover, when com-
munity college students fail to graduate, 

it costs taxpayers nearly $4 billion over 
a five-year period, according to a 2011 
American Institute for Research study 
conducted by Mark Schneider and Lu 
Michelle Yin. Dropout rates clearly indi-
cate that students at community colleges 
need to create more spaces in their classes 
for their students: the higher-priced 
option allows them to do just that. Like 
the UC’s, community colleges are becom-
ing increasingly privatized anyway. Just 
last month, the California Community 
Colleges received an extra budget cut of 
$149 million from the state — on top of 
the official cut of $400 million from the 
2011-12 budget. Fees for regular classes 
have jumped from $36 per unit to $46 per 
unit in the last six months. Given the state 
of California’s budget, and Gov. 

Jerry Brown’s determination to balance 
it, it seems perfectly likely that further 
cuts will come SMC’s way in the coming 
months. In response to these, SMC had 
two options last month: it could either 
slowly increase class fees while doing 
nothing to change its enrollment poli-
cies, or it could try something different. 

Santa Monica College is planning to offer impacted classes at higher prices during school 
intersessions to reduce waitlists during the year, a measure that will help students graduate on time.

By AyAn KusAri • stAff Writer

Companies across the U.S. have been 
recently asking potential employees to reveal 
their Facebook login information as part of 
the interview process. This practice is hugely 
controversial and is also a basic violation of 
individual privacy rights.

Obtaining access to an individual’s Facebook 
is just as invasive as rummaging through their 
physical mailbox or their email inbox. But 
things aren’t completely black and white. Cases 
regarding privacy are common in modern courts 
of law mostly because of the unstated yet implicit 
rights to privacy in the Constitution. 

Democratic Sens. Charles Schumer of New 
York and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut 
are questioning whether obtaining employee 
Facebook passwords is a violation of federal 
privacy laws and have requested that the Justice 
Department and the U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission begin investigations. 
They believe that this employee practice could 
violate the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, 
which prevents third parties from accessing 
a computer to obtain personal information. 
In addition, the Stored Communications Act 
prohibits anyone from intentionally accessing 
electronic information without authorization.

In response to this trend, Facebook’s 
Chief Privacy Officer Erin Egan wrote on the 
company’s Facebook and Privacy Page last week 
that it is a violation of Facebook’s Statement of 
Rights and Responsibilities for employers to 
solicit a Facebook password. This is all in hopes 
that users will continue to feel that they can have 
a life in social media without worrying about 
their jobs being on the line.

 — REVATHY SAMPATH-KUMAR
Staff Writer

QUICK TAKES ON MARCH 20, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS REPORTED THAT EMPLOYERS ACROSS THE U.S. ARE SOLICITING THE FACEBOOK PASSWORDS OF JOB APPLICANTS AS PART OF THE INTERVIEW PROCESS.

As job applicants become more adept at hid-
ing their Facebook profiles, certain employers are 
requesting that applicants give their prospective 
companies a means to access their profiles. Some 
states have retaliated — the American Civil Liberties 
Union of Maryland claims this is a “violation of 
personal privacy,” and wants the state to instate a 
social media privacy bill. California should not for-
bid employer access — this law would unfairly stifle 
an employer’s right to choose their own hiring and 
screening processes.

Employers need to screen for employees in an 
effective manner, or else they can face lawsuits for 
their employees’ negligent or harmful behavior. 
The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, a consumer 
advocacy organization, has a webpage explaining 
how companies need background checks to 
understand an applicant’s character. Employers 
who feel that Facebook provides valuable character 
insight have the right to ask applicants for viewing 
access, as they have the right to set their own 
application requirements to a certain extent. 

There are ways that people can limit the amount 
of personal information made public to employers. 
Many job seekers change their last name on their 
personal Facebook and then create a separate 
profile to share with employers, thus separating 
their personal life from work. It is ultimately an 
applicant’s choice to relinquish Facebook privacy 
to their employers — their basic privacy rights are 
still intact.

Restricting how employers use Facebook for 
background checks impedes on employer rights. 
California is already full of laws that discourage 
people from becoming an employer—it should 
avoid adding a social media privacy law to that pile.

— CHRIS ROTELIUK
Staff Writer

There is a growing trend among employers 
across the nation to ask prospective workers 
for their Facebook passwords. Once employers 
can access the kind of personal information 
that is available on Facebook, they are liable to 
discriminate illegally, whether that discrimination 
is intentional or not.

Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 
prohibits employment discrimination based 
on race, color or national origin. Information 
available on Facebook, such as wall posts in 
foreign languages and messages relating to cultural 
events, can give employers information they are 
federally prohibited from accessing. Title VII 
protection also extends to relationship status — a 
class of information that is even more readily 
available on Facebook. According to a 2010 
study conducted by the Stern School of Business, 
employers implicitly associate the “married” 
status in women with motherhood, and less time 
to devote to work. Thus, married women whose 
Facebook accounts are accessed by prospective 
employers are among the groups that may face 
discrimination.

The LGBT community is protected by a 
number of state laws, such as the California Fair 
Employment and Housing Act, which stipulates 
that sexual orientation information may be neither 
used nor solicited during the hiring process. Any 
employment bias that results from access to posts 
that contain an applicant’s sexual identity is illegal, 
at least in the state of California. When they 
Facebook-stalk potential employees, employers 
open themselves up to biases and risk violating 
anti-discrimination regulations. As such, they 
should be prohibited from doing so.

— AYAN KUSARI
Staff Writer

Prying May Cause Unwitting Bias Intrusion Violates Privacy RightsAccess is Fair Aspect of  Hiring Process

ILLUSTRATION BY PHILIP JIA/GUARDIAN

See SANTA MONICA, page 5



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

SMC should boost the cost of a few 
additional sections of GE’s, so that 
students desperate for graduation can 
have another option. 

A major criticism of the plan — 
voiced by everyone on the Los Angeles 
Times Editorial Board to SMC’s own 
student body president, Harrison Wills 
— is that it is elitist. Wills argues that 
this creates a “two-tiered system” of 
wealthy students who benefit from the 
new classes and lower income students 
who unluckily get stuck paying for 
extra years in college. 

But this criticism is flawed on a 

number of accounts. First of all, there 
is funding available for low-income 
students. Early this March, SMC 
acquired a $250,000 donation from 
businessman Daniel Greenberg and his 
wife, Susan Steinhauser, for scholar-
ships for students who are both behind 
on their graduation requirements and 
in financial need. SMC additionally 
promotes outside scholarships from 
over 30 organizations. 

Also, this system will help all stu-
dents, because those who can afford 
the higher-priced sections will take 
those, and thus lessen the demand for 
the regularly-priced equivalents in the 

process. This will shorten waitlists, 
open up seats, and speed up the gradu-
ation process for the entire campus.
When it comes to gaining the choice 
to take classes faster, fears surround-
ing the change are largely unjustified. 
Santa Monica College students have 
nothing to lose: both students willing 
to pay extra and those who can’t afford 
it will be able to get through required 
coursework faster, enabling them to 
enter the workforce or a 4-year institu-
tion with greater ease.

Readers can contact Ayan Kusari at  
akusari@ucsd.edu

System Will Open Up Seats and Shorten Waitlists

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

Dear Editor,
On March 8, 2012 the Institute 

For International, Comparative and 
Area Studies hosted Stephen Sheehi’s 
(University of South Carolina) 
lecture titled, “Islamophobia: A 
Mainstream Ideological Foundation.” 
Approximately 50 students, five pro-
fessors and a few community mem-
bers attended. 

Sheehi spent an hour promot-
ing his theory that Americans 
practice a form of bigotry called 
“Islamophobia.” Sheehi accused 
Democrats, Republicans, white 
people in general, evangelicals spe-
cifically, “tea baggers”(his words) and 
neo-cons among many others as the 
legions that practice this prejudice. 

A cheap shot like the use of “tea 
baggers” demonstrates the low level 
of his discourse. This is education? 
For good measure he referred to the 
media as “f-ing idiots,” eloquent and 
classy guy that he is. 

He meandered from one accusa-
tion to another with little connective 
tissue. He oozed with a profound low 
regard for wide swaths of America. 
His lecture was generously littered 
with assertions and condemnations 
for the nation and people who have 
allowed him to prosper while getting 
paid to castigate in a very unscholarly 
fashion. 

The vacuous nature of his pre-
sentation was so vast that it is hard 
to know where to begin. I’d love to 
get the text to comprehensively tear 
it apart at length. He has a right to 
peddle nonsense under the guise of 
scholarship in America. But on the 
tax-payer dollar we should demand 
scholarship, balance and civility. 
None of his colleagues challenged 
him. The Socratic method was not 
on the minds of the chorus of profes-
sorial sycophants. They had no prob-

lem going after me but hands off the 
illustrious professor who peddling 
animus as research. One student 
had the courage to challenge him by 
putting some blame on the tens of 
thousands of Islamist terrorist inci-
dents for sullying the image of Islam. 
Sheehi had no response other than to 
say he disagrees. After all, the mur-
derers have nothing to do with it. 

When I challenged him during 
Q. and A. — based on FBI statistics 
with reference to hate crimes — he 
bobbed and weaved like Ali in full 
rope a dope mode against Frazier. 

When I pressed the professor for 
a responsive reply his fellow profes-
sors jumped to their feet to silence 
me.  Is there any chance the IICAS 
has the courage to host a presenta-
tion disputing Sheehi’s assertions 
about Islamophobia? 

Seems to me in the spirit of fair 
play and diversity of opinion that the 
students deserve nothing less. Is the 
university a place where diversity of 
opinion carries the same status as 
diversity of color, heritage, race and 
gender? 

After all it is diversity of opinion 
that stimulates thought and analysis 
— not skin color, gender or heritage. 
I urge the public and student orga-
nizations to demand equal time and 
genuine scholarship.

 Is the university as open-minded 
as it would like to think it is? We will 
see.

—Michael Hayutin
 Resident, San Diego 

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to the 
editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited to 500 
words, and all letters must include the writer’s 
name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

Speaker Crosses Line in 
Islamophobia Lecture

QUITE FRANKLY By Lior Schenk

▶ SANTA MONICA, from page 4



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

leisure
ARIELLE SALLAI
leisure@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

lifestyle

B ummer news for those eager to meet Modigliani’s “Blue-eyed boy”: The artwork displayed at the San Diego Museum of 
Art does not come to life “Night at the Museum”-
style after hours. Instead, art-loving yogis can 
take a one-hour meditation session with instruc-
tor Amy Hyde, dubbed “Art In Context: Yoga at 
the Museum” and held in conjunction with the 
many spring Asian art exhibitions.

A painter herself (and UCSD alumna), Hyde 
was the perfect fit for the special weekly class, 
though the instructor told the Guardian in a 
phone interview that the sessions are different 
from any she’s done before — for one, the artist 
had never taught outside a studio.

“It has different students every week,” Hyde 
said. “But when you go to a class at a yoga studio 
you get into a community and you sort of know 
who typically attends those classes at the time. 
This is all new people every week…It’s a different 

mix of people because it’s just open to this gen-
eral public that would come to the museum, but 
it’s also people doing yoga.” 

Hyde also can’t utilize one of the most funda-
mental tools of any yoga class: the walls, which 
are obviously covered in untouchable artwork.

“We are only able to do certain poses,” she 
said. “Typically in a yoga studio I’ll teach upside-
down poses like hand stands and shoulder stands, 
and I’m not able to do that. It has a little bit of a 
different vibe because people aren’t getting their 
heads upside down. So their brains are different 
— their attitudes are different.” 

While Hyde said there isn’t enough time to 
discuss how they feel about the art in the short 
session, the participants may still have a more 
unique meditation experience.

“The feelings are extremely high,” Hyde said. 
“You get the strong ‘ah’ sort of feeling because the 

yoga at the  
museum

By Arielle Sallai • Managing Editor

 See YOGA, page 7

IL
L

U
S

T
R

A
T

IO
N

 B
Y

 S
N

IG
H

D
H

A
 P

A
U

L
/G

U
A
R
D
IA
N



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

MS in Analytics
 at the University of San Francisco

LEARN MORE ABOUT THE

BIG DATA REQUIRES BIG SKILLS
The Master’s in Analytics program delivers rigorous training in the mathematical and 

computational skills for Big Data. Develop techniques for data-driven decision-making.
Learn to eﬀ ectively communicate results in business settings.

Apply before May 1
 :

www.usfca.edu/analytics
415.422.2966

       
www.usfca.edu/asgrad 

change the world from here

yoga at the  
museum

way the room is lit and the size and 
the grandness of the room.”

If anything, Hyde said, the air of 
exclusivity is enough to make it a 
worthwhile experience.

“I think they get sort of a tender-
ness,” she said. “They feel special. 
They feel like they’re kind of in a 
museum in a secret way because it’s 
after hours and there’s no one there 
but us and some security guards 
downstairs. So they get a little bit of 
this like secret adventure.”

Hyde teaches Iyengar yoga, which 
focuses on the physical alignment of 
the body — a type of yoga she’s prac-
ticed for over 25 years. She took her 
first class when she was 18 and attend-
ing Columbia University. (She left a 
year later and took several years off 
before attending UCSD as an archeol-
ogy major.) The instructor happened 
to teach Iyengar — a rare style based 
on the teachings of B.K.S. Iyengar — 
so Hyde has studied and taught the 
same style ever since.

But the participants at “Art In 
Context” may not know the instruc-
tor is an artist herself. Though the 
program doesn’t necessarily merge art 
and yoga quite so seamlessly — with 
participants often sweating more than 
they’re connecting with the artwork 
— Hyde’s own experience as a yoga 
instructor, painter, muralist and deco-
rative painter proves the two practices 
have their commonalities.

“When I’m painting I’ve had 
experiences where I feel very much 
connected — connected to the sort 
of force of joy,” Hyde said. “And then 
when you do a yoga class you get a 
feeling of well-being and being con-
nected to your body and the world 
around you. So I would say there are 
similarities to painting and reaching 
that sort of focus-space in yoga. You 
can almost say painting is a medita-
tion and yoga is a meditation.”  

“Art In Context: Yoga at the 
Museum” takes place every Wednesday 
at 6 p.m. in the museum galleries until 
April 18. Admission costs $15.

▶ YOGA from page 6

UCSD Alumna and Local 
Artist Sees Art as Meditation 

SITE SEEN

CityBeat Festival 
of Beers
A s far as we’re concerned, Spring Quarter means Beer Quarter. So for the first 
Saturday back from 
Spring Break, spend-
ing a day in University 
Heights day drinking 
into oblivion while 
catching a few solid 
local bands sounds like a 
good-ass plan. 

Hence, the CityBeat 
Festival of Beers. 

Past incarnations 
have garnered stellar 
reviews on Yelp, making 
the event’s return on April 7 a fairly 
anticipated one for those sick of sulk-
ing at Porter’s Pub. 

Taking place outside the Lafayette 
Hotel on El Cajon Boulevard, the 
event’s VIP tickets, which would have 
bought you such perks as in-n-out 
privileges and a special entrance, 

have sold out. But at $35 dollars, 
general admission tickets still get you 
exactly what the Festival’s die-hard 

fans rave about: music 
and unlimited booze. 

This year’s lineup fea-
tures Nico Vega, Hyena 
and the Heavy Guilt, and 
will be accompanied by 
unlimited tasting of beers 
from breweries like Blue 
Moon and Kona Brewing 
Company, among others. 

Food is sold sepa-
rately from the ticket 
price, and past attendees 

have complained of the expensive 
pricing. But with loyal fans noting 
the short lines and impressive collec-
tion of drafts, the Citybeat Festival of 
Beers reigns among San Diegan beer 
enthusiasts.

— Mina Nilchian
SENIOR STAFF WRITER

CityBeat Festival 
of Beers

When: April 7 
2 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.

Where: In Front 
of the LaFayette 
Hotel: 2223 El 
Cajon Blvd., San 
Diego

Price: $35

The Guardian isn't just for writers.

Email web@ucsdguardian.org for more information

We're looking for
a webmaster!



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

U pon entering La Jolla’s Puesto, it’s immediately clear that the restaurant’s 
self-imposed “Mexican Street Food” 
label is a stretch. Though many of the 
items on the 
menu are listed 
in Spanish 
(with their 
English trans-
lations), the 
restaurant itself 
is decorated 
with sleek 
hardwood and 
ultra-bougie 
furnishings. 
Tacos include 
condiments 
like corn 
truffle and pistachio-jalepeño salsa, 
and a plasma screen on the wall glee-
fully beckons diners to share photos 
of their meals on Instagram (with the 
#eatpuesto hashtag, of course).

All in all though, Puesto’s poten-

tially pretentious culinary antics pay 
off: The food is great, especially con-
sidering its Chipotle-esque, quasi-fast 
food preparation and relatively low 
prices ($6.45 for two tacos and $8.95 
for a sizable burrito bowl). The carne 
asada is tender and flavorful (even 
more so when wrapped in crispy 
grilled cheese, one of Puesto’s special-
ties), and there are ample vegetarian 
options, like potatoes & soy chorizo, 
or the aforementioned corn truffle. 
Puesto’s seafood, which consists of 
well-seasoned, citrusy-seared shrimp 
and pescado al pastor (fish cooked in 
a red chile sauce), is also excellent.

Particularly worthwhile are 
Puesto’s condiments. Along with the 
corn truffle, it has similarly adventur-
ous choices like the bright, almost 
fruity zucchini flower or grilled pine-
apple. The best of them all is tinga, a 
sort of chutney made with hibiscus 
flower, chipotle and grilled onion. 
The house-made salsas are also great, 
with the refreshing hibiscus-chipotle 

jamaica or the spicy habanero-cilan-
tro-mango as particular stand-outs.

For all its cheerful flavor-trickery, 
Puesto is not without its faults. Some 
of the restaurant’s ambitious ideas 
ultimately fall flat, like the grilled 
cactus (nopales asados), which adds 
little flavor while taking up valuable 
taco space. Worst of all, perhaps due 
to its fast food setup and intentionally 
outlandish ingredients, Puesto never 
attains the earthy, homemade glory 
found in actual street food. This dis-
connection between Puesto’s concept 
and the food itself is reinforced by 
the almost shockingly sterile décor.

But even though it may not be as 
reliably great as more street-focused 
Mexican restaurants like the nearby 
Don Carlos, Puesto is a good option 
for UCSD students, particularly in 
the ever-pricey depths of the La Jolla 
Cove area. 

— Andrew Whitworth
SENIOR STAFF WRITER 

Hours: 
11 a.m. - 9 p.m.

Location:
1026 Wall St.,
La Jolla

Recommended:
Tacos with 
carne asada and 
tinga

RESTAURANT REVIEWRESTAURANT REVIEW

PUESTO

PHOTOS COURTESY OF PUESTO



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  A P R I L  2 ,  2012 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

CAMPUS
2012

4.2-4.8

CALENDAR

THE GIRL WITH THE
DRAGON TATTOO

@ PC THEATER 
$3 STUDENT/$5 GENERAL

THU4.5 &
SAT4.7

MON4.2
3:30pm
THE FUTURE OF THE UN CLIMATE CHANGE 
REGIME: THE ROAD FROM DURBAN - SOCIAL 
SCIENCES BLDG, RM 107
What happened at the UN Climate Change Conference in 
Durban last December? Professor Daniel M. Bodansky 
will discuss the latest developments in the UN climate 
change regime and the prospects going forward. 
Professor Bodansky is the Lincoln Professor of Law, 
Ethics and Sustainability at the Arizona State University’s 
Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law. Presented by 
Institute for International, Comparative, and Area Studies 
at UC San Diego, as part of its International Law Speaker 
Series. Free and open to the public. Register online.

7:30pm
CAMERA LUCIDA CHAMBER MUSIC - CONRAD 
PREBYS MUSIC CENTER
San Diego's premier chamber series presents Bach's 
Preludes and Fugues for String Trio (arr. Mozart), Strauss' 
Sextet for Strings from Capriccio, Op. 85, and Brahms' 
Sextet for Strings in B-flat, Op. 18. General Fee: $25. 
Faculty/Staff Fee: $20

12pm
FITFEST IS BACK! - MAIN GYM AND RIMAC
FitFest is back! Come check out all that UCSD 
Recreation and FitLife have to offer. FREE FitLife 
Classes, FREE Chair Massage, FREE Private Pilates, Ask 
the Trainer & Ask the Dietitian table, raffles and 
giveaways. Classes include Zumba Toning, Turbo Kick, 
Yoga for Athletes, Super Fusion, Vinyasa Yoga, Thai 
Massage and more. Sponsored by American Eagle and 
CLIF bar. Prizes include FitLife classes, one-hour 
Massage, and more. No registration required, and 
everyone is welcome. For full schedule go to 
http://recreation.ucsd.edu/fitlife

12pm
GRADUATE STUDENT WELLNESS WORKSHOP - 
THE ZONE
This lunch-time series from 12pm-1pm every 
Wednesday will provide information on campus 
resources that support the mental, physical, social, and 
financial aspects of the graduate & professional student 
experience. Workshops are free and there is FREE food 
catered by Art of Espresso!

3pm
INTERDISCIPLINARY RESEARCH AWARDS 
PRESENTATION - PRICE CENTER EAST 
BALLROOM
Graduate student researchers selected as this year's 
Interdisciplinary Scholars will present their 
cross-disciplinary work to the public. This year's 
recipients are Krystal Tribbett from History, Timothy 
Mackey from Global Health, On Shun Pak from 
Mechanical Engineering, and Jordan Haug from 
Anthropology. Part of Graduate and Professional Student 
Appreciation Week, this event will be co-sponsored by 
the Graduate Student Association and the Office of 
Graduate Studies. Refreshments provided by the Alumni 
Association.

THU4.5
12pm
PASSPORT TO LEADERSHIP INFO SESSION - RED 
SHOE RM
Leadership experience is more and more important in 
college these days. This interactive workshop series will 
develop and challenge your leadership savvy and skills. 
The Orientation Session offers a chance to learn about 
the various kinds of workshops we offer and to talk to 
people involved in the program. We'll also talk about how 
you can earn a leadership certificate that will help your 
transcript and resume shine! Free and open to all 
students.

3pm
FILM SCREENING/DISCUSSION: CHE, THE 
ARGENTINE - INST OF THE AMERICAS
'Che' is a two-part 2008 biopic about Ernesto 'Che' 
Guevara. Part 1 is entitled 'The Argentine' and it focuses 
on the Cuban revolution from the landing of Fidel Castro, 
Guevara, and other revolutionaries in Cuba to their 
successful toppling of the dictatorship of Fulgencio 
Batista. Director: Steven Soderbergh, Writer: Peter 
Buchman, Starring: Benicio Del Toro, Julia Ormond, and 
Oscar Isaac.The film will be shown in its original version 
with English subtitles. The discussion will be led by Dr. 
Jose Villegas, and Visiting Graduate Student Jorge 
Resina. Presented as part of the 'Latin America, behind 
the voice, behind the screen' film series. Presented by 
the UC San Diego Center for Iberian and Latin American 
Studies.

5pm
JSA/NSU MATSURI FESTIVAL - LIBRARY WALK
UCSD's Japanese Student Association and Nikkei Student 
Union are proud to present the fourth annual Matsuri 
Festival of 2012. One of the only authentic Japanese 
Festivals in the San Diego County, the Matsuri Festival is 
open to the general public, and guaranteed to entertain 
people of all ages. There will be Japanese festival foods, 
games, and performances that will let you experience a 
traditional Japanese festival right here in San Diego.

6pm & 9pm
PC BLOCKBUSTER: THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON 
TATTOO - PRICE CENTER THEATRE
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is the first film in 
Columbia Pictures' three-picture adaptation of Stieg 
Larsson's literary blockbuster The Millennium Trilogy. 
Directed by David Fincher and starring Daniel Craig and 
Rooney Mara, the film is based on the first novel in the 
trilogy, which more altogether have sold 50 million copies 
in 46 countries and become a worldwide phenomenon. 
$3 Student / $5 General

7pm
SUN GOD FESTIVAL DJ BATTLE - PORTER'S PUB
AS Concerts & Events Presents: Sun God Festival DJ 
Battle Applications Now Available at http://sgf.ucsd.edu/ 
APPLICATIONS CLOSE on Saturday March 24 at 11:59pm. 
After the Dance Stage's enormous success in 2009, we 
launched the first-ever SGF DJ Battle in 2010 to get 
UCSD's top talent involved. This year, we will see the 
continuation of the DJ Battle on Thursday, April 5th at 
Porter's Pub. This event serves as an opportunity for 
student DJs to compete for a chance to perform 
alongside national talent at Sun God Festival 2012 on 
Friday, May 18th. Final contestants will be announced 
during Spring Break 2012.

WED4.4TUE4.3

12pm
FREE WEEKLY TAI CHI CLASSES - PRICE CENTER 
LAWN
Come out to the Price Center Lawn (just above the 
fountain in Price Center Plaza) every Friday from 12 noon 
until 1:00 pm for a refreshing outdoor Tai-Chi 
experience!

6pm
MULTI ASIAN STUDENT ASSOCIATION CHARITY 
AUCTION DINNER - I-HOUSE GREAT HALL AT ERC
MASA is expanding our annual Charity Auction into a 
Benefit Dinner this year. There will be performances 
throughout the night, along with a silent auction for 
various services and items. All proceeds will be donated 
to Passion 4 K.I.D.S, a non-profit organization that helps 
homeless and underprivileged children as well as 
children in emergency situations. Tickets are $15 each 
and includes dinner. Dress is semi-formal. Come enjoy a 
night of entertainment and help make a difference!

7pm
SUN GOD FESTIVAL BATTLE OF THE BANDS - 
PORTER'S PUB
AS Concerts & Events Presents: Sun God Festival Battle 
of the Bands. Applications Now Available at 
http://sgf.ucsd.edu/  APPLICATIONS CLOSE on Saturday 
March 24 at 11:59pm. Want to play on the same stage 
as some of the world's biggest talents? Do you have a 
band? If you have answered yes to any of the above, 
then apply to be a part of this year's BOTB. The winners 
will perform on the Main Stage at Sun God Festival 2012. 
Final contestants will be announced during Spring Break 
2012.

FRI4.6

10:30am
FORMER U.K. PRIME MINISTER GORDON 
BROWN SPEAKS AT LA ESTANCIA - LA ESTANCIA 
HOTEL, LA JOLLA BALLROOM
The UC San Diego Center on Global Justice and the 
Helen Edison Lecture Series welcome Gordon Brown, 
former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, on 
Tuesday, April 3, 10:30am at La Estancia Hotel (across 
the street from UCSD), La Jolla Ballroom. Brown will 
speak on 'Meeting the Millennium Development Goals' - 
eight international development goals that all 193 U.N. 
member states agreed to achieve by 2015. Please join 
us! Seating is limited and registration is required per 
security protocols (Walk-ins will not be permitted). To 
ensure you seat/s please RSVP to John LeJeune at 
jlejeune@ucsd.edu

11am
COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION FAIR WITH MUSIC 
BY QUINAZO - PRICE CENTER PLAZA
The UC San Diego Cesar Chavez Celebration Committee 
invites you to attend the community organization fair, 
featuring special guests Ricardo Sanchez and Mark 
Moses. Meet reps from local volunteer orgs and enjoy 
the sounds of Quinazo starting at noon! Free and open 
to all. For more info, contact Haydee Cervantes at 
hcervantes@ucsd.edu of 858-822-4059. Contact: 
hcervantes@ucsd.edu

5pm
TASTY TUESDAY' FREE WEEKLY COOKING DEMO 
- THE ZONE
Drop into The Zone every Tuesday from 5:00 to 6:00 pm 
for amazing live cooking demonstrations, complete with 
free food! With local sponsors such as Whole Foods 
Market, Housing and Dining Services, Recreation, and 
Student Health, we'll have you heating things up in any 
kitchen, at any time. Come hungry, leave healthy!

7pm
BLUE REPUBLICANS AND THE END OF LEFT VS. 
RIGHT - DOLORES HUERTA ROOM
The Blue Republican Movement is an exciting product of 
the realization that the mainstream of both parties that 
brought America to crisis may be the last place to find 
solutions to our problems. It comprises Democrats and 
Independents who are registering Republican 
specifically to vote for Ron Paul in the 2012 Presidential 
Election. Robin Koerner is a political commentator, 
founder of www.WatchingAmerica.com, and a 
contributor to the Huffington Post. Robin will also field 
questions from the audience, so please ask away on 
any questions, concerns, or issues you have for our 
speaker. Presented by Students for Ron Paul, a 
registered UCSD student organization.

4pm
MOHAMMAD REZA SHAJARIAN AT UC SAN 
DIEGO - PRICE CENTER THEATER
Cultural Iranian Student Association (CISTA) are 
honored to host Ostad Mohammad Reza Shajarian at 
UC San Diego for a talk on Iran's music over the past 
50 years, followed by Q&A. Mohammad Reza 
Shajarian is an internationally and critically acclaimed 
Persian traditional singer, composer and ostad 
(master) of Persian music. He has been called 'Iran's 
greatest living master of traditional Persian music.' 
Shajarian is also known for his skills in Persian 
calligraphy, and humanitarian activities. The event will 
be free for UCSD students. UCSD students have to 
pay a $10 registration fee. The fee will be refunded 
within 7-14 business days back to their cards if they 
attend the event. General Admission: $26.75.

SUN4.8

10am
TRITON DAY EXPERIENCE - UC SAN DIEGO 
CAMPUS
UC San Diego's Admit Day and Open House will come 
together Saturday, April 7, as the Triton Day Experience, 
a showcase of the university's vibrant campus 
community. The free event, open to the UC San Diego 
community and the public, will provide myriad 
opportunities to meet stellar professors, talk to student 
leaders, explore the campus and enjoy all-day 
entertainment. Come discover discover UC San Diego's 
academic departments, student services, student 
organizations, endless resources and all that 
encompasses the Triton Experience!

10am
MARSHALL COLLEGE CULTURAL CELEBRATION!
Thurgood Marshall College's 34th Annual Cultural 
Celebration! In conjunction with UC San Diego Triton Day, 
come join a fun-filled day of traditional music, dance, 
games of the world, and exotic cuisine at the Thurgood 
Marshall College campus! The children's village will 
include llama rides, bounce houses and fun 
performances. It's going to be better than ever! 
Students, family, and community members are all 
welcome. Parking and entrance to the event are free.

SAT4.7



10 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  A P R I L  2 ,  2012 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

crossword

ACROSS
1 Muddy stuff
5 Fallback option
10 Pinochle calls
14 Bounce, as off a canyon wall
15 Margaret Mead’s island
16 Tom Joad, for one
17 Tool that can extract nails
19 Princess played by Lucy Lawless
20 Spanish song
21 Surprise “from the blue”
22 “Get Smart” evil agency
23 Silky sweater
25 Bard of boxing
27 It’s poured into an iron at breakfast
34 They may be outsourced
37 King with jokes
38 Keebler cracker
39 Oral health org.
40 Aerialist’s apparatus
42 Pictures on the wall
43 Back biter?
45 “Without a doubt!”
46 Mars’ Greek counterpart
47 United Kingdom currency
50 Heavy drinker
51 Tranquilize
55 Plastic user’s concern
58 Words of woe
62 Autobahn autos
63 Length times width
64 Fur bartered by Native Americans
66 Highlands dagger
67 “Bye for now”
68 “I did it!”
69 High school skin problem
70 Idyllic spots
71 Sources of iron

DOWN
1 Tourist magnet
2 Golden St. collegian
3 P.F. __’s: Chinese restaurant chain
4 Shows servility
5 Free TV spot
6 Moussaka meat
7 Bullets and such
8 Seasonal song
9 Pub bill
10 Tailless flying toy
11 Swedish furniture giant
12 Flintstone pet
13 Aral and Arabian
18 Traditional round dance
24 Miles away
26 Act like a couch potato
28 Lightning burst
29 Drink à la Lassie
30 Juan’s January
31 Russian ruler of yore
32 To be, in Burgundy
33 Charlie Brown’s “Darn it!”
34 Doorway feature
35 Sign of spoilage
36 Java neighbor
40 Small jazz group
41 Olympian ruler
44 In jeopardy
46 Total numerically
48 Pony’s place
49 In the vicinity
52 “Please be __ and ...”: polite request words
53 Spanish squiggle
54 These, in Madrid
55 Baby’s pop
56 “Tears in Heaven” singer Clapton
57 Swiss capital
59 Lettuce purchase
60 Brisbane buddy
61 Fifty-fifty
65 Medical drama settings, for short

HOUSING

$425- Female Roommate for Spring 
Quarter - I live in a 2 bedroom/2 bath-
room condo in La Jolla near UCSD. It’s 
next to 2 bus stops (150 goes to PB/
Downtown and the 201/202 which circles 
La Jolla). PB is like a 5-7 drive from here 
if that helps. There is a shopping center 
about 7 mins away walking-wise that 
has a Trader Joe’s, Ralph’s, a bunch of fast 
food places, shops and a movie theater. 
I’m actually looking for someone to share 
the master bedroom with me starting in 
April. The room has enough space for a 
twin size bed and desk on your side, and 
has a huge closet (trust me). There will 
be two other roommates in the other 
room who also attend UCSD. We’re all 
pretty chill people. The rent is $425 a 
month + around $30 for internet and 
electricity/water. There will be a deposit 
of $425 when you move in. We have a 
gorgeous kitchen with marble counter 
tops, stainless steel appliances etc. We’re 
not allowed any pets, and there is a small 
bike rack outside the condo on the side.
Reply online to listing ID: 24884305

$800- Female Roommate in master bed-
room. My name is Susie and my room-
mate is moving out at the end of the 
quarter when she graduates. Her room 
will be available starting around the end 
of March. Our lease is also ending with 
her move out, so it’ll be up to us to pick 
the new lease (which will determine the 
final rent price). It’ll probably be between 
$800-850 for your room, which includes 
a large bedroom, walk in closet, private 
bathroom, and one parking spot! There’s 
a balcony off of the living room, which 
is vaulted :) Reply online to listing ID: 
24884061

$525-Bedroom for rent - Looking for a 
male roommate to share the master bed-
room for $350/month. To get this great 
deal, you must be able to abide by these 
rules: - Be reasonably clean and orga-
nized. No excessive drinking. Quiet hours 
10pm - 7am (no loud music, etc). Rent 
and bills on time. No overnight guests 
in the apartment  . No illegal activities. 
No smoking. No pets. Lease continues 
until July 31. No monthly “contracts” 
or sublets. Contact us for an interview. 
Apartment includes washer and dryer in-
unit. LITERALLY SECONDS FROM CITY BUS 
that go to UCSD. Reply online to listing 
ID: 24882721

$545- Room for rent for 11-12 school 
year  - Currently renting a big room for 
$350 a month with all utilities included 
near UCSD. I am looking for a low-key 
roommate for the 11-12 school year. You 
can reach me by Facebook or email. Reply 
online to listing ID: 24696789

Studio- La Terraza Luxury Apartments - 
Beautifully landscaped apartment home 
with mountain views in the Poway School 
District. La Terraza in Rancho Bernardo 
offers 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartment 
homes that feature private garages, full 
size washers and dryers, wood burning 
fireplaces, large kitchens and central air 
conditioning and heat. Reply online to 
listing ID: 24435003

mademadeoorrddmadedmadeeert
your vision, our mission.

The Associated Students Store

Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.
to.ucsd.edu/madetoorder.html

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !

YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com POST FOR FREE AT

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !
O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,
O R  B OT H !

YES YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ CLASSIFIEDS

PEOPLE

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

 STILL READ



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

www.ucsdguardian.org/jobs
TO APPLY:

2:13.18, beating out Drury second 
place finisher Ekaterina Alyabyeva 
by a full second. Her winning title 
was complemented by a career best 
time and third place finish in the 100 
breaststroke (1:03.57). Adamcyzk 
was also part of the 400-medley 
team that took second place the 
second day of the championship. 

“I just really wanted to break 
the school record, that was my goal 
going in,” Adamczyk said in an 
interview with the UCSD Athletics 
Department. “I was really excited to 
finally break 2:14 — I’ve been stuck 
there for a couple of years.

Three-time NCAA title winner 
senior Alex Henley couldn’t snag 
her fourth title this year despite 
commanding times in the 200 and 
400 individual medley and the 200 
backstroke. 

The All-American ends her 
took a disappointing second place 
finish in each of her three races, 
despite being seeded first in the 200 
backstroke (1:57.58).

Similarly, sophomore Nick Korth 
and senior Matt Herman were 
unable to defend their national titles 
from 2011. 

Korth, the former title holder in 
the 200 breaststroke, placed third 
with a time of 1:57.45. Herman too, 
placed third in his former title race, 
finishing the 1650 freestyle with a 
time of 15:21.02. 

“It is always the team’s goal 
to win as many titles as possible 
and although all three returning 
champions had a good meet, it was 
certainly frustrating to see Henley 
and Herman work so hard this year 
to not have an individual title in 
their senior seasons,” Macedo said. 
“I can tell you that the leadership in 
and out of the pool from these three 
athletes was the main reason we had 
the best finish in school history and 
those individuals would certainly 
trade their own accolades for the 
overall success of the program.”

Readers can contact Margaret Yau at 
m1yau@ucsd.edu

Gauchos in three games. 
The Tritons won a close first set 

25-21, but ran away with wins in the 
next two games 25-18 and 25-17 to 
secure the match.

UCSD saw solid attack percentages 
from around their roster, with junior 
Carl Eberts leading with 16 kills for a 
0.393 attack percentage. 

Other standouts on the night 
included Lennon, with an attack 
percentage of 0.632 and sophomore 
opposite Johl Awerkamp who 
finished with 12 kills on three errors.

“We don’t have that one guy that’s 
going to carry us the entire night. We 
need to have a number of options,” 
Ring said to the UCSD Athletics 
Department.  “We put pressure on 
our opponents because every pass, 
every sideout opportunity, our setter 
can go everywhere with the ball. And 
I thought we did a real nice job of 
that.”

The Tritons are now 8-16 overall 

and 6-13 in the MPSF. The Tritons go 
back on the road to face No. 2 USC 
on April 5 and No. 7 Pepperdine on 
April 7. 

UCSD finishes off the regular 

season with a bout against No. 1 UC 
Irvine the following week.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu

on to the win. 
“I love the competitive fire we’re 

having, there’s just no ‘give up’ in 
us. We may not focus on a lot of 
the turnovers that kill us in close 
games like this, but the fact that we’re 
being tested in back-to-back six-on-
fives and we have players playing 
defense out of position and not giving 
up, I felt that we really stepped up 
there,” Kreutzkamp said to the UCSD 
Athletic Department.

In the second day of competition, 
UCSD cruised to a 13-4 win against 
Azusa Pacific and tallied a season-
high 16 goals in its 16-5 victory 
against Fresno Pacific.

Against Azusa Pacific, Lizotte-- 
UCSD’s leading scorer-- again led 
the Tritons in the attack with three 

goals. But more telling was UCSD’s 
balanced offense, as 10 Tritons tallied 
goals in the game against the Cougars. 

The game was close at the start, 
as the Tritons took a narrow 3-2 
lead into the second quarter, but the 
UCSD offense took off from there as 
the Tritons went on a 4-0 run to kill 
any chance of an Azusa comeback.

UCSD remained hot on the ball 
in the last game of the tournament, as 
sophomore Melissa Barstow, junior 
Brittany Daniels and Biehl all picked 
up three goals apiece in the Tritons’ 
16-5 win over the Sunbirds.

Fresno Pacific put up little in the 
way of opposition, as the Sunbirds 
remained scoreless until the third 
quarter. But down 9-0, Fresno Pacific 
struck for four goals, with Triton 
goalkeeper Taylor failing to record a 

save. Ultimately, UCSD’s lead proved 
too much to overcome, as three 
Triton goals in the third quarter kept 
UCSD ahead by eight, while four 
more goals in the fourth quarter put 
the game out of reach. 

“With finals week and spring 
break back-to-back for us, we have 
time to go back to the drawing board 
and work on some defensive things,” 
UCSD head coach Brad Kreutzkamp 
said to the UCSD Athletics 
Department. “We had to just clean 
up little things that I thought that we 
really executed well. We’re working in 
the strike zone for having a takeaway 
early and we’re doing a much better 
job of that.”

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu

Swim & Dive End Season 
at NCAA Championships
▶ SWIM & DIVE, from page 12

No. 18 Water Polo Takes Three Straight
▶ W. WATER POLO, from page 12

Tritons in Longest Winning Streak Since 1990
▶ M. VOLEYBALL, from page 12

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 2,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

SWIM STORY

BASEBALL

SOFTBALL

4/05
4/06
4/07
4/06
4/07

VS Sonoma State 
VS Sonoma State
VS Sonoma State
AT Sonoma State
AT Sonoma State

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

BY MARGARET YAU
Managing Editor

After four straight days of competition at the 2012 NCAA Division II 
Swimming and Diving National 
Championships in Mansfield, 
Texas, both the UCSD Men’s and 
Women’s teams emerged with wins 
in multiple events. 

A remarkable 10 school records 
were shattered at the meet with strong 
performances from a number of 
individual swimmers that helped the 
women place third and the men place 
second for the second year in a row.

“Overall, I was extremely pleased 
with the way both genders swam in 
Texas,” UCSD head coach Matthew 
Macedo said in an email interview. 
“This was the fastest nationals in 
Division 2 history and to be in 
the title hunt on both sides from 
start to finish was very exciting and 
a position this program has never 
been in before.”

The men’s team amassed 400 
points, trumped only by Drury 
University’s 473-point win and 
fourth consecutive title — Florida 
Southern trailed for third place at 
316.5 points. 

The women’s competition proved 
to be much tighter as UCSD’s 451.5 
third place finish came as a result of 
a tight race for first and second with 
Wayne State (497) and Drury (496). 

This marks the second year 
in a row that the Tritons finished 
2-3 against their opponents at the 
NCAA Championships. Last year, 
UCSD broke 11 school records. 
Prior to the 2010-2011 season, the 
last time both sides managed to 
reach the podium was back in 2005.

However, one disappointing 
race set the Triton women back in 
the points total, a race that could 
have made the difference down 
the stretch. On the opening night, 
the UCSD women’s 200-medley 
relay was disqualified for leaving 
early, losing what would have 

otherwise been a first-place finish. 
The disqualification cost the team, 
consisting of sophomore Sandy 
Hon, senior Neda Nguyen, junior 
Olivia Fountain and freshman 
Sierra Robbins a full 40 points and 
a first-place finish to boot. 

“Sure, it was frustrating to lose 
the national title and the 40 points 
but we knew what would really 
hurt the team was if we gave up at 
that point in the meet,” Macedo 
said. “We acknowledged the 
unpleasant situation that evening 
and immediately talked about 
what we needed to do to get those 
points back and we had a fantastic 
preliminary session the following 
morning.”

In a field of strong swimmers, a 
few Tritons raced to the top. Junior 
Emily Adamczyk won the Tritons 
their first national title of the 2012 
championship, topping the field in 
the 200 breaststroke with a time of 

BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

The No. 18 UCSD Women’s Water Polo team went 3-0 last weekend in the UCSD Mini 
Tournament, comfortably trumping 
both Azusa Pacific and Fresno 
Pacific last Saturday, March 31, while 
narrowly edging Brown on Friday, 
March 30. 

UCSD jumped out to the early 
lead against the Bears in the first 
day of competition. The Tritons 
outgunned Brown to go up 4-1 by 
the end of the first quarter off two 
early goals converted by senior driver 
Katherine Biehl, followed by a penalty 
from sophomore utility Sarah Lizotte.

“We started off with one of the 
best quarters we’ve played this season 
in the first,” UCSD head coach 
Brad Kreutzkamp said to the UCSD 
Athletic Department. “But, we need 
to learn how to close out games. 
When you score six goals in the first 

half and only one in the second, it 
makes it really difficult to win. We 
need to concentrate and really stay 
on task to be able to close out these 
games.”

UCSD pushed the lead out to 6-1 
at the beginning of the second quarter, 
but Brown closed the gap, putting 
the ball past junior goalkeeper Allie 
Taylor to cut the Triton lead down to 
just two goals. 

Taylor kept Brown scoreless in 
the third quarter, tallying 13 saves 
on the game to Bear goalkeeper Evan 
Cranston’s three, although UCSD also 
failed to find the net, keeping the 
game at 6-4.

In a tight fourth quarter, senior 
center Kirsten Bates capitalized on 
the Brown penalty, putting away what 
ended up being the decider with 4:52 
left in the game. 

Despite two late Brown 
conversions, UCSD was able to hold 

BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

After dropping nine straight games within the past three weeks, the Tritons have 
manufactured an unprecedented 
five-game winning streak, which has 
pushed them back into the national 
rankings. 

Playing in the Mountain Pacific 
Sports Federation — undoubtedly the 
toughest conference in the country 
— the No. 13 Tritons also face the 
handicap of being the only Division 
II team in the MPSF. But as of late, 
UCSD has outclassed its conference 
opponents, winning five consecutive 
matches — UCSD’s longest winning 
streak since 1990.

A 3-1 win on Thursday, March 
9, against No. 12 UC Santa Barbara 
snapped their nine-game losing 
streak. Back in the national rankings, 
the then No. 15 Tritons topped No. 9 
Cal State Long Beach and Cal State 

Northridge in back-to-back victories, 
to conclude their road trip.

The Tritons returned home last 
Friday, March 30, where they served 
No. 3 UCLA a stunning 3-1 upset.

When asked to comment about 
how the team has been able to put 
together four wins in a row despite 
having to break for finals week, 
UCSD head coach Kevin Ring said it 
was just a matter of getting it right in 
practice and playing with confidence.

“We talked about getting that 
confidence back,” Ring said. “We 
had to earn it and when we talk 
about confidence it’s genuine. And I 
thought the guys did that tonight. We 
had a pretty good week of practice, 
and we just kept getting a little better 
each day, and we just kept saying that 
Friday is going to be the best day 
through this and then we’re going to 
come back tomorrow night and it’s 
going to be even better.” 

Junior outside hitter Carl Eberts 
led the Tritons in the attack, recording 

16 kills. Sophomore Vaun Lennon 
chipped in 12 kills, while sophomore 
Sebastian Brady racked up eight kills 
on just one error for a 0.636 attack 
percentage.

In the defense, sophomore Chase 
Frishman had a big night, recording a 
career high 19 digs. 

“Defensively, we’ve gotten much 
better since early on in the year,” Ring 
said. “We really didn’t extend to many 
rallies. I think we did a really nice job 
defensively. We got some swings and 
converted in transition for points, 
where we didn’t necessarily get a 
quality swing but just were able to get 
the ball back over the net. you’re not 
going to win all of those, but you’re 
just going to win your share and I 
thought we did that a couple times 
tonight for huge momentum plays.”

The following day, Saturday, 
March 31, the Tritons faced No. 15 
UC Santa Barbara, sweeping the 

TRITONS SWIM 
STRONG AT NCAAs

Tritons Go 3-0 in 
Home Tournament

No. 13 UCSD Men’s Volleyball 
Takes Fifth Consecutive Win

▶ SWIM & DIVE, on page 11

▶ W. WATER POLO, on page 11 ▶ M. VOLLEYBALL, on page 11

UCSD Men Place Second, Women Third 
at NCAA Division II Championships

BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN FILE NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE


	092209News NEW
	040212Opinion
	040212Leisure
	040212_CALENDAR_Pg11
	040212_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg12
	040212Sports



