
MONDAY, MAY 14, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 53

INSIDE
MONDAY

Height: 1 ft.
Wind: 7-14 mph

Water Temp: 64 F

TUESDAY
Height: 1-1.5 ft.
Wind: 4-10 mph

Water Temp: 64 F

WEDNESDAY
Height:1-1.5 ft.
Wind: 2-10 mph 

Water Temp: 64 F

THURSDAY
Height: 1-1.5 ft.
Wind: 5-11 mph 

Water Temp: 64 F

LOW

$4.05
Ram 99, El Cajon 
407 El Cajon Blvd & S Johnson Ave

HIGH

$4.79
Arco, La Mesa
7594 University Ave & Parks Ave

MONDAY
H 70 L 57

TUESDAY
H 69 L 59

GAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

WEDNESDAY
H 71 L 60

THURSDAY
H 69 L 59

Birdland .................................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
Field Notes ............................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Restaurant Review ................6
Crossword .............................9
Sports ..................................12

MONDAY TUESDAY

We were going to keep fighting, 
we weren’t going to stay down, 

we weren’t going to quit.”
ERIC NEWMAN

UCSD Baseball
Head Coach

“
WEDNESDAY THURSDAY

SURF REPORT

THIS WEEK

BRIAN MONROE/GUARDIAN
UCSD Baseball won their fourth straight CCAA Tournament title last weekend, May 10-12. The first-seeded Tritons went 3-1 against Chico and Sonoma.

A.S. COUNCIL 
CONDEMNS UC 
TAX INITIATIVE

Council passed a resolution last week 
declaring the illegality of a new collection fee 

imposed on all UC campuses.
By Nicole chaN • Associate News Editor

A.S. Council passed a resolu-tion on May 9 that alleges using campus-based fees to 
pay for a UC Office of the President 
system-wide service tax is illegal.  

The Office of the Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs will be respon-
sible for collecting $1.375 mil-
lion of the proposed $43 million 
UCSD owes UCOP. According to 
A.S. President Meggie Le, the VCSA 
plans to charge all Student Affairs 
units, including collecting a small 
percentage from campus-based ref-
erenda income, in order to pay the 
$1.375 million. 

The Funding Streams Initiative, 
which the UC Board of Regents 
passed in July 2011 in response 
to reduced funding from the 
state, imposes a 1.69 percent 
flat tax on all UC campuses.    
According to former Vice President 
of External Affairs Samer Naji, 
money for referenda are specifically 
allocated for its entailed projects. 

“The problem is that when the 
referendum was passed by students, 
the language is very specific,” Naji 
said. “Nowhere did it say that this 
money could be used to fund UCOP 
activities —   that’s what makes this 
tax completely illegal; the referenda 
language does not allow that money 
to be reallocated to UCOP.”

According to A.S. President 
Meggie Le, language of future ref-
erenda could be used to provide 
special provisions for the tax, but 
A.S. Council is largely against using 
student referenda for these means. 

“We’re in the stage where we’re 
still fighting so that it will not affect 
the referenda,” Le said in an email. 
“The last thing we would want to 
see would be a situation like UCSB’s, 
where student org funding needs to 
be frozen.”

The resolution states that the 
VCSA’s use of campus-specific ref-
erenda funds to support its sys-
tem-wide services is a violation of 
University of California Policies 
Applying Campus Activities, 
Organizations and Students, sec-
tion 80.10. The code states that the 
campus-based student fees can only 
be used to fund student-related ser-

vices and programs, construction 
and renovation of student buildings, 
authorized student governments, 
student organizations and their cor-
responding events. 

The resolution calls the use of 
UCSD student funds outside of 
campus a “gross abuse of power.”

“It’s unacceptable because they’re 
passing this burden on to students,” 
Naji said. “In my opinion that’s an 
indirect tuition increase.”

According to the resolution, A.S. 
Council and GSA will take legal 
action if any campus-based refer-
enda funds are used for means other 
than those agreed upon by the uni-
versity administration, UCOP and 
a vote by the UCSD student body. 
A.S. Council and GSA will present 
the resolution to Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs Penny Rue and 
Chancellor Marye Anne Fox this 
week. 

“We need to push the state for 
more funding,” Naji said. “UCOP 
is desperate for funding because 
they’re going after student life. We 
need more funding — if it doesn’t 
come, it’s going to be students who 
are going to be feeling it over and 
over again.”

Le said A.S. Council plans to 
inform students about the possible 
effects of the tax with online and in-
person campaigns, through possible 
collaboration with student orgs and 
college councils. Le said she hopes to 
get students to sign a petition against 

A.S. COUNCIL

BY AYAN KUSARI
Staff Writer

Researchers at the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography have 
found that the rapid expansion of the 
North Pacific Subtropical Gyre has had 
some unexpected effects on the ocean’s 
ecosystem. 

The enormous loop of ocean cur-
rents in the middle of the North Pacific 
Ocean, sometimes referred to as the 
“Great Pacific Garbage Patch,” has 
grown by a factor of 100 in the last 
40 years. The Scripps team believes it 
is currently three times the size of the 
continental United States. 

In a new study published in the 
May 9 issue of Biology Letters, Scripps 

scientists Miriam Goldstein, Marci 
Rosenberg and Lanna Cheng explain 
how the quantity of trash changes the 
habitat of ocean surface organisms. 

Despite its size, the Great Pacific 
Garbage Patch is invisible from afar. 

“There’s a misconception of there 
being a giant floating island out there, 
but it’s actually millions of tiny pieces 
the size of your fingernail,” Goldstein 
said. “You can’t see it from Google 
Earth.” 

Goldstein and her colleagues stud-
ied sea skaters, marine cousins of the 
water striders commonly found in 
ponds and pools of fresh water. They 
are among a very small number of spe-

Large Garbage Patch 
Damages Ecosystem

SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

UC SYSTEM

UCOP 
Releases 
Report on 
Protests

BY EMILY PHAM
Staff Writer

In response to public outrage 
against the actions of UC police in the 
Occupy UC protests last fall, UC offi-
cials composed the Robinson-Edley 
report. The report details how the UC 
system will deal with future cases of 
campus protests. 

The first draft of the report, 
released May 4, outlines tactics police 
and administration can use — such 
as mediation — to avoid escalating 
potentially violent situations.

“This report highlights the 
responsibility, shared by all mem-
bers of the university community, to 
ensure that the rights of free speech 
are respected — in fact honored — 
and that peaceful, lawful protests exist 
on our campuses,” UC Office of the 
President general counsel for legal 
affairs Charles Robinson said in the 
UC Newsroom. 

After a series of heated protests in 
November 2011, UC president Mark 
Yudof designated UC Berkeley Law 
School Dean Christopher Edley and 
Robinson to identify practices that 

HE’S JUST NOT THAT INTO YOU. PAGE 6.

The report recommends 
that UC administrators 
and campus police use 
mediation to solve protest 
concerns.

See REPORT, page 3

1.69 PERCENT
THE UCOP FLAT TAX ON 
ALL UC CAMPUSES

$43 MILLION
AMOUNT UCSD OWES 
TO UCOP

$1.375 MILLION
AMOUNT TO BE MADE 
UP THROUGH UCSD 
STUDENT AFFAIRS

See TRASH, page 3

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN
Sixth College Senior Russell White molds a model of a DNA strand at the Craft Center, May 10.

See TAX, page 3



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2012, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
by advertising. The Shalhevet Boiling Point is way better 
than The Epitaph. 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: focus@ucsdguardian.org

Leisure: leisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

Advertising & Marketing Assistants
Christine Alabastro 

Christine Doo 
Shilpa Sharma

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Leo Bui, Angela Chen, Margaret Yau, Rebecca Horwitz, 

Arielle Sallai, Nathan Toung
Copy Readers

 
Nadine Blanco , Cindy Bui, Robert Pond

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Leisure Editor

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Development Editor

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Angela Chen

Nicole Chan
Zev Hurwitz

Madeline Mann

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Nicholas Howe

Mina Nilchian

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Andrew Whitworth

Monica Haider
Emily Pham

Andrew Oh

Nolan Thomas

Nathan Toung

Jeffrey Lau

Rebekah Hwang

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin

▶  A team of UCSD computer scientists has 
created an iPad App that will help users to identify 
most North American birds.

▶ A man who received a cancerous kidney during 
a transplant in 2008 is suing the doctor as well 
as UC San Diego Health Systems, who allegedly 
assured him the kidney came from a healthy 
person.

▶ UCSD was listed in the second-ever volume 
of The Princeton Review’s Guide to 322 Green 
Colleges earlier this month.

▶ Pradeep Khosla, UCSD’s chancellor-designate, 
is expected to be confirmed by the UC Board of 
Regents at the May 16 meeting.

▶ A woman who was paragliding over Black’s 
Beach died after she apparently lost control 
and crashed into a cliff on Saturday. She was 
pronounced dead at a hospital.

▶ The Los Angeles Times reported that U-T San 
Diego was involved in talks to buy the Orange 
County Register.

▶ San Diego City Council voted unanimously last 
week to rename a two-block street leading to the 
LGBT center in Hillcrest after Gay Rights Activist 
Harvey Milk. 

▶ A woman in a wheelchair was killed by a car 
driving on Old Highway 80 on Friday night in the 
Flinn Springs area.

▶ Governor Jerry Brown’s revised state budget, 
expected to be released May 14, will reveal details 
of a higher-than-expected $16 billion budget 
shortfall.

▶ The state assembly passed a bill last week that 
would prevent employers from requiring that 
employees give out their Facebook passwords for 
monitoring. 

▶ A California high school student has been 
charged with attempting to feed her two-week-old 
baby rat poison.

▶ Jeffrey Henley, chairman of software giant 
Oracle, has pledged a $50 million gift to the 
engineering school at UC Santa Barbara.

COMPILED BY Zev Hurwitz | associate news editorCURRENTS

UCSD SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

VISUAL DIARY By Khanh Nguyen



cies that live exclusively on the surface 
of the ocean. 

“Ocean surface creatures like halo-
bates tend to be not biodiverse and 
very weedy,” Goldstein said. “They 
reproduce very fast if you give them 
additional resources.”

Goldstein said most of the plastic 
they sampled was covered in the bright 
yellow, jelly-like granules. However, 
the team was not able to show with 
their data that there are more adult 
halobates. 

“We didn’t have enough samples 
from previous years,” Goldstein said.

The Scripps team believes that 
more adults are not seen because pred-
ators are eating the eggs.  

“They’re just super delicious,” 
Goldstein said. “They’re a millimeter 
long, the size of a grain of rice and vis-
ible with the naked eye.”

Because the location of the gyre 

changes depending on the season and 
year of the El Nino cycle, the team 
decided to go to a consistently calm 
patch near the center. They went west 
at 119 degrees latitude for five days. 

Goldstein said that she is frequently 
asked whether trash can be cleaned up. 

“It would be very challeng-
ing because the pieces are so small,” 
Goldstein said. “If you scooped up the 
trash, you’d be killing a huge amount of 
marine life as well.”

She cited the sheer size of the gyre 
as another obstacle to cleaning it up.

“I’m sure in geological time, it will 
go someplace,” Goldstein said. “It’s a 
huge area, and microbes evolve really 
fast — something will eventually be 
able to digest plastic. But a blink of 
an eye for them is 10,000 years. By 
that time we could make things really 
unpleasant for ourselves.”

 
Readers can contact Ayan Kusari at 
akusari@ucsd.edu.

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

REPORTBIAS.UCSD.EDU
Promote a safe and tolerant community at UC San Diego
by reporting bias-motivated incidents.

UC San Diego is committed to the highest standards of civility and decency toward all 
persons, as re�ected in our Principles of Community. Together, we can work to create a 
welcoming and inclusive climate for the bene�t of all UC San Diego community members.

You may report bias incidents or other acts of intolerance to 

reportbias.ucsd.edu
(858) 534-BIAS (2427) • ophd@ucsd.edu
In case of emergency, contact the UC San Diego Police at (858) 534-HELP (4357).

ReportBias.UCSD.edu

BE THE
VOICE

LIGHTS & SIRENSLIGHTS & SIRENS

Thursday, May 3 
6 p.m. - 5:35 a.m.: Report of vandal-
ism to vehicle 
A UC golf cart was vandalized in Lot 
508. Report taken. 
7:44 a.m.: Animal call 
A dead dolphin was found at SIO Pier. 
Referred to other agency — Facilities 
management. 
11:57 p.m.: Call for help 
A female at Stewart Hall called for 
help three times. Checks OK. 
 
Friday, May 4 
2:40 a.m.: Disturbance, domestic 
violence 
A male and female were “fighting” at 
The Village Building 6. Report taken. 
9:02 a.m.: Burglary, vehicle 
A “possible vehicle burglary” was in 
progress at Lot 701. Report taken. 
12:54 p.m.: Information 
Juveniles were climbing on the over-
pass at the I-5 Freeway. Unable to 
locate. 
 
Saturday, May 5 
12:47 a.m.: Disturbance, noise 
There was loud playing of electric 
guitar and bass at Tenaya Hall. Will 
cooperate. 
9:15 p.m.: Citizen contact 
The subjects were “urinating in pub-
lic” at Price Center. Information only. 
11:43 p.m.: Alcohol contact 
The subject at The Village West 
Building 2 had possible alcohol poi-
soning. Transported to hospital by 
medics. 
 
Sunday, May 6 
1:27 a.m.: Suspicious person 
A possible transient was sleeping on 
the second floor of Price Center. Field 
interview administered.  
11:02 p.m.: Possession of marijuana 
People were “smoking marijuana 
on and off stage” at Porter’s Pub. 
Information only.
 
 

Monday, May 7 
1:02 a.m.: Information 
Male subjects were talking to females 
at Porter’s Pub. Gone on arrival. 
4:48 p.m.: Non-injury accident 
A vehicle was parked on top of a rock 
at Lot 510. Tow truck responded. 
10:23 p.m.: Suspicious person 
Subjects were “possibly tampering 
with a screen window” at Middle East 
Hall. Checks OK. 
 
Tuesday, May 8 
12:38 a.m.: Throwing objects at 
moving vehicle 
The subjects were throwing eggs at a 
vehicle by Oceanview Terrace. Gone 
on arrival. 
10:52 a.m.: Battery 
A male was being attacked at North 
Torrey Pines Road, but the San Diego 
Police Department responded. Checks 
OK. 
7:20 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.: Grand theft 
A purse theft at Student Services 
Center caused a loss of $1,230. Report 
taken. 
 
Wednesday, May 9 
6:56 a.m.: Illegal camping 
A transient was sleeping in a “dump-
ster enclosure” at Cuzco Hall. Gone on 
arrival. 
 
Thursday, May 10 
12:30 a.m.: Disturbance, general  
Subjects were “yelling and throwing 
rocks” at Supercomputer center. Gone 
on arrival. 
1:15 p.m.: Fire 
A clothes dryer at Marshall Residence 
Halls caught on fire and was extin-
guished by staff. Report taken. 
7:34 p.m.: Suspicious person 
The subject at Canyonview Pool was 
pacing for 20 minutes. Unable to 
locate.

—COMPILED BY SARAH KANG 
Staff Writer

facilitate free speech while “protecting 
the health and safety” of the public 
on Nov. 22, according to the UC 
Newsroom. 

Edley and Robinson met with stu-
dents and faculty at UC Riverside, UC 
Davis and UC Berkeley in January 
and February to gather public feed-
back for the report.

Two of the report’s goals are to 
improve trust and communication 
between the public, police and admin-
istrators, and to avoid violence during 
protests at all costs. For example, the 
report recommended that the police 
should avoid wearing personal pro-
tective equipment (“riot gear”) and 
avoid displaying weapons, which may 
“escalate a situation.” 

The report contains recommen-
dations for UC police to carry fewer 
“lethal weapons” and report every 
instance of officer violence. The 
report also states that protesters who 
engage in civil disobedience may face 
consequences. However, mediation, 
de-escalation techniques and citation 
will be used before action is taken to 
detain protesters.

“Policies should also make clear, 
however, that civil disobedience by 
definition involves violating laws or 
regulations, and that civil disobedi-
ence will generally have consequences 
for those engaging in it because of the 
impact it can have on the rest of the 
campus community,” the report said.

The protests that inspired the 
Robinson-Edley report occurred in 
November 2011, which involved sev-

eral arrests and violence. The Occupy 
Cal and UC Davis protests, on Nov. 9 
and Nov. 18 respectively, involved the 
use of pepper spray and batons by UC 
police against protesters. The police 
resorted to violence when protestors 
did not comply with requests to stop 
their campus encampments, accord-
ing to the Los Angeles Times and Daily 
Californian. 

On May 4, Edley and Robinson 
said they will be looking for feedback 
from the public about the report at the 
website below. According to the UC 
Newsroom, they will consider incor-
porating constructive comments and 
criticisms into the final report, which 
will be sent to Yudof in late May. 

Readers can contact Emily Pham at 
e4pham@ucsd.edu.

▶ REPORT, from page 1

Report Recommends Officers Carry Fewer Lethal Weapons

UCOP going after student fees.
“It’s A.S.’ job to protect students’ 

rights and to advocate on behalf of 
students,” Le said. “A.S. will con-
tinue to fight against this gross mis-
use of student fees and ensure that 
student fees will continue to directly 
improve students.”

Prior to the flat tax, UCOP 
would take a portion of the manda-
tory system-wide tuition fee and the 
Student Services Fee, accounting to 
a six percent share to help fund 
its system-wide administrative ser-
vices. The fees would then be redis-
tributed throughout the UC system.

 
Readers can contact Nicole Chan at 
n3chan@ucsd.edu.

A.S. President Wants 
Administration’s Help 
in Campaign Against 
UCOP Taxes 
▶ TAX, from page 1

Microscopic Marine Life and Amount 
of  Trash Make Cleanup Difficult
▶ TRASH, from page 1



OPINION
MADELINE MANN
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

In response to no fewer than 69 cases of inappropriate teacher-student 
behavior from January to November 2011, the New York City Department 
of Education released its first social media policy last Tuesday, May 1. This 
prohibits teachers from using their non-classroom affiliated Facebook, 
Twitter or Google+ accounts to contact students. The policy will help 
prevent inappropriate situations and help keep student-teacher relationships 
professional in the long run.

The new policy will benefit students like Miranda Jackson, from Pearl 
High School in Mississippi. Jackson’s cheer coach asked for her Facebook 
password and then used personal messages on the site to get Jackson barred 
from school events. The NYC DOE’s new policy prohibits teachers from 
communicating with students over social media about anything that is not 
strictly class-related. Such a policy would have made the coach’s actions 
more clearly illegal, better protecting students like Jackson in court.

The policy will also provide much-needed clarification about dubiously 
legal online behavior. Louise Losos, the principal of Clayton High School in 
Missouri, was forced to take a leave of absence because she created a Facebook 
account under a false name, which she used to befriend some three hundred 
students at the school. She was accused of “spying” by student leaders at 
the school. The new policy calls for the monitoring of all staff social media 
activity, making it difficult for this sort of incident to happen in the future. 

The NYC DOE’s new social media policy is a necessary step to prevent 
inappropriate use of social media by school faculty and staff. Similar policies 
should be implemented nationwide to protect students from intrusions on 
their privacy.

— AYAN KUSARI
Staff Writer

Prohibiting Social Media Interactions is Safer for Students  Ban Infringes on Teachers’ First Amendment Rights
The New York City Department of Education has prohibited the use of 

non-school related social media accounts such as Tumblr, Google+, YouTube, 
Facebook and Twitter by public high school teachers to contact students 
because of recent incidents of inappropriate behavior. This is an unrealistic 
restriction that is not only incredibly difficult to legally regulate, but also 
obstructs the First Amendment rights of teachers.

As social media fluctuates and changes on an hourly basis, evidenced by 
constant Facebook front-page variations, this ban will be extremely difficult 
to effectively enforce wrongful interactions. This includes updates to private 
messaging systems that may make it hard for the government to track old 
messages. The New York law states that the social media guidelines are 
subject to change every three months to keep up with said updates. These 
constant revisions are unrealistic to implement and will make the law too 
unclear to be properly adhered to.

The recent ban on social media in New York also has a high chance 
of getting repealed in the coming months. It will most likely follow in the 
footsteps of the “Amy Hestir Student Protection Act” — passed in Missouri 
in July 2011 and repealed three months later — that also banned social 
media interactions between teachers and students. The Missouri Teacher’s 
Association cited concerns of how the law would affect teachers’ freedoms 
of speech, and supported its repeal due to the law’s failure to specify whether 
current or old students were prohibited from staying in contact with teachers. 

Banning social interactions will not solve the problem of inappropriate 
behavior between teachers and students — this policy is simply too restrictive 
and too hard to regulate to suffice as a logical solution.

— ANDY LIU
Contributing Writer

QUICK TAKES ON MAY 1, THE NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION PASSED A POLICY BANNING THE CITY’S PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS FROM INTERACTING WITH STUDENTS THROUGH PERSONAL SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS.

When I sign up for classes tomorrow, my projected schedule will look just 
like the one I’ve had for the past nine 
quarters. Obscure literature class, 
the easiest social science professor 
RateMyProfessor has to offer, maybe 
ballet. But as I enter my fourth year, 
I will have finished all of Muir’s 
famously easy GEs — except for one. 
For three years, I’ve procrastinated on 
fulfilling the single quarter of lower-

div science I need to take to graduate. 
Time’s running out, and yet there is 
still no BILD 22 in my class planner.

I like science, and I’m not the 
worst of the bunch. But I continue to 
procrastinate because at the back of 
my mind, I think I’m just not good 
at it. We hear this all the time, in 
variations such as the old trope that 
girls can’t do math and boys can’t 
spell. We’re just not good, and this is 
natural, and so on. But according to 
Carol Dweck of Stanford University, 
who has spent her career studying 
the science of intelligence, this “fixed-
mindset” mentality is just a crutch for 
laziness. (Guilty). 

Dweck recently tested undergrads 
on whether they believed that 
everyone has a certain “amount” 
of math ability that they couldn’t 
change. This is the exact question to 
which I would answer a resounding 
“yes,” and use to blithely justify 
that less-than-stellar AP Calculus 
score. Those, like me, who answered 
positively, have a “fixed mindset” 
— or the common belief that we 
naturally have differing amounts of 
talent. Unsurprisingly, these people 
are more likely to have a fatalistic 
attitude when it comes to education, 
whether it’s attributing low grades to 
a lack of ability, or trying to focus on 
different subjects instead. 

While it’s true that not everyone 
is talented at math, a follow-up 
experiment showed that the fixed 
mindset has demonstrably harmful 
consequences. Dweck asked 
students to pretend they’d done 
badly on a math test, and had others 
either comfort them with the “not 
everyone is good” spiel, or give 
mildly threatening suggestions. The 
comforted students became used to 
low expectations and became even 
less optimistic about their math 
abilities, leading to a self-fulfilling 
prophecy. 

So, in time for Mother’s Day, 
Dweck’s theories validate the 
frowned-upon methods of at least 
one parent: tiger mom Amy Chua. 
In her book, Chua tells of forcing her 
daughters to practice piano, despite 
her husband’s feeble suggestions 
that maybe she just isn’t “as good” 
at something. No, Chua said, she is 
just lazy, and she’ll do it over and 
over until she gets it right. Callous 
as this may seem, there’s something 
empowering about the idea that 
“natural talent” doesn’t matter. 

That said, I still won’t be taking 
bio come fall. Thankfully, there’s no 
available lower-div classes other than 
the ones I tested out of. For another 
quarter, I’m off the hook. 

In Case of  
Failure, Just 
Stop Being 
So Lazy

Field 
        Notes

ANGELA CHEN
shchen@ucsd.edu

Field 
        Notes

A

In an effort to compensate for recent budget cuts, the UC system has resorted to admitting more out-of-
state and international students than ever 
before. The UC system has experienced 
financial difficulty in the past few years, 
with $750 million in cuts from funding 
this year alone.  The system is doing what 
it can to soften the blow by admitting 
more non-California students. At UCSD, 
non-California residents accounted for 
32.7 percent of admitted students up 
from 15.7 percent in 2010.  That in itself 
wouldn’t be of much concern if it weren’t 
for the fact that California students 
are currently applying for out-of-state 
universities in droves. This increase in 
out-of-state student admission not only 
hurts future California students’ chances 
at getting into a UC university, but it 
is also projected that the biggest cost 
will come later when the state lacks the 
educated work force it needs to sustain its 
economy.

The problem with more Californians 

applying to out-of-state universities 
is that California does not have an 
unlimited number of college students. 
Hans Johnson, a researcher with the 
Public Policy Institute of California, 
said that California will need hundreds 
of thousands more college graduates to 
sustain the economy, but given current 
trends, he estimates that California will 
have one million fewer graduates by 2025 
than the industries need. There is growing 
concern that students will not come back 
to California once they have completed 
their degrees, leading to a large human 
capital loss. 

When looking at the schools with the 
best career services, career counseling 
and resources, according to Princeton 
Review, 19 out of the top 20 best career 
service centers are outside of California, 
with Claremont McKenna as the sole 
exception. It’s true that the majority of 
college graduates find work near their 
degree conferring institution, partly due 
to the college’s career placements, and 

California graduates from non-California 
schools are no exception. California needs 
to recognize its own shortcomings in 
their own career centers and look at what 
some of the top career centers, like the 
University of Florida, have been doing. 
If the career service centers in California 
become more comprehensive and 
competitive then that would increase the 
likelihood of non-Californians staying here 
and finding employment here, thereby 
stymieing the exodus of human capital.

This would not be such an issue 
if California were importing as many 
students from out-of-state as it is 
exporting, but this is not the case. The 
number of high school graduates leaving 
California for a four-year college in 
2010 was three times greater than the 
number of high school students coming 
in from out-of-state. This application 
trend revealed in the U.S. Department 
of Education Data is partly due to the 
fact that the UC system is trying harder 

The UC system continues to increase out-of-state student admissions, when California should 
instead focus on retaining and developing a strong workforce to sustain its economy.  

By Aleks levin • stAff Writer

See OUT-OF-STATE, page 5

 ILLUSTRATION BY SNIGHDHA PAUL/GUARDIAN

Losing Our 
Minds

 



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

Financial Aid Offi ce 2012–2013

If you haven’t completed the 2012–2013 FAFSA yet, you should do so as 
soon as possible. You may use the online application at www.fafsa.ed.gov. 
You should also meet the May 21 deadline for missing documents and/or 
clear all FAFSA processing holds in the event funds become available 
for late FAFSA fi lers.

complete and submit your verifi cation worksheet, use the IRS Data Retrieval Tool,

If you have been selected for verifi cation, 

and/or provide other information by the MAY 21 deadline.

www.fafsa.ed.gov

FINANCIAL AID DEADLINE
MAY 21, 2012

MAY 21, 2012

MAY 1, 2010
GET YOURS.

To be considered for the best financial aid package, you must have 
submitted your FAFSA by March 2 and submit all missing documents 
and/or clear all processing holds listed on your TritonLink Financial Aid 
checklist by the May 21 deadline.  Applications completed after the 
FAFSA deadline WILL NOT be considered for University Grants, SEOG, 
Work Study, University or Perkins Loans.   

to attract non-California students 
while out-of-state schools are 
also recruiting in-state California 
students to attend their universities. 
In the past 10 years, enrollment 
of California freshmen at Arizona 
State University doubled, University 
of Oregon quadrupled, Boise State 
increased tenfold, according to the 
Sacramento Bee. This California 
college migration is driven by issues 
in state colleges such as constant 
tuition increases, budget cuts, 
ballooning classroom sizes and low 
graduation rates.

The UC system should prioritize 
keeping tuition affordable to 
maintain its California students, 
because financial aid packages and 

availability of classes at private 
schools are starting to rival UC 
campuses in affordability. Tuition 
has almost tripled in the past 
decade at Cal States and UCs, 
while the average Cal State and 
UC four-year graduation rate 
is 15.6 percent and 60 percent, 
respectively, according to federal 
data. Students are more likely to 
graduate on time if they head out 
of state to institutions like Arizona 
State and NYU, which have four-
year graduation rates of 30 percent 
and 79 percent, respectively. If you 
factor that in with sweet financial 
aid packages that out-of-state and 
private universities are inclined to 
hand out, this makes students less 
inclined to go to a Cal State or a 

UC. While those institutions are 
more expensive on a yearly basis, 
the overall cost is comparative to 
a Cal State or UC education in the 
long run.

The UC system is attempting 
to keep itself accessible to all 
California students in the short 
term by allowing in more non-
California students. But this is 
not a sustainable solution for the 
future of California’s workforce. 
As our technically skilled and 
knowledgeable residents leave 
California to learn and work 
elsewhere, our economy will suffer, 
especially if these trends continue.

Readers can contact Aleks Levin at 
alevin@ucsd.edu

Dear Editor,
Both at home and abroad, UCSD 

student orgs rightly engage in an 
expansive range of issues related to 
human rights, social justice and global 
development. But when it comes to 
carrying out their mission statements, 
all these orgs face the same obstacles 
on our campus. It’s hard to reach out 
to the people who would actually be 
interested in your events; the only 
people you can easily mobilize are 
the students already in your org, 
recruiting people you don’t already 
know in order to keep your org alive 
is intimidatingly uncertain, you don’t 
know which other orgs are actually 
active and no one knows what other 
orgs are planning (or whether there is 
room for collaboration with them). I 
think a deep-seeded reason why these 
problems are so palpable at UCSD 
is because these organizations lack 
a formal mechanism through which 
they are brought together. 

I am proposing that we create a 
Human Rights Board as an official 
A.S. entity. The way I see it, HRB will 
be an institutionalized coalition of 
student orgs (and will be a step toward 
fostering a campus community). 
The Board will bring together 
students orgs and serve as a forum 
to facilitate collaboration, interaction 
and dialogue. It will embrace 
inclusivity and scholarship. HRB will 
encourage and promote respectful 
and honest communication regarding 
the education and awareness of 
basic human rights principles, and 
violations thereof. Ignorance is the 
root of human rights abuses, and 
in collaboration we are capable of 
accomplishing even more. Hence once 
a year, HRB will mobilize its member 
organizations to put on a Human 
Rights Week in the Winter.

My work with the UC Haiti 
Initiative, Global Business Brigades 
and Esperanza International Inc. 
has taught me that if you want to 
implement something sustainable, 
you don’t just build an individual’s 
capacity, you build an institution. 
This is a non-traditional way of 
organizing, but there’s a reason 
why the IFC/PHC/MGC Greeks, 
as institutionalized coalitions, have 
the sense of community that they 
do. A community is exactly what’s 
lacking among the students who 
would be included in HRB and, 
beyond delivering Human Rights 
Week to the general student body, the 
Board stands to abate the problems I 
originally outlined. 

The same model of HRB has been 
implemented by the A.S. at UCSB and 
is hugely successful. We will replicate 
their model in which active student 
orgs send a delegate to bi-weekly 
HRB meetings. Any org that sends 
a representative has a vote. And 
as an A.S. commission, this Board 
may even have its own funding to 
distribute. Our A.S. has thus far failed 
to create an avenue to address human 
rights abuses. This is a proactive step 
towards doing just that. 

I will be presenting Human Rights 
Board to A.S. this week and bringing 
it to vote the following week. My hope 
is to see the Human Rights Board in 
full swing by fall of next year.   

—Brad Segal
A.S. Campuswide Senator

UC Should Prioritize Keeping In-State Tuition Affordable

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

A.S. Should Create a 
Human Rights Board

SOLVE FOR X By Philip Jia

▶ OUT-OF-STATE, from page 4



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

leisure
ARIELLE SALLAI
leisure@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

lifestyle

H ow to make your body beach-worthy this summer (and much more)
Tumblr is a great place for tidbits 

of wisdom that are inspirational, 

but useless: “If you’re tired of start-
ing over, then stop giving up,” says 
a picture of a girl running on the 
beach, with a ridiculous amount of 
notes and reblogs. It’s a great looking 
quote for the “About me” section of 
your Facebook profile, but in terms 
of viable advice, it’ll end up being 
little more than fodder for the same 
part of your brain where you store 
the “Word of the Day” and “Daily 
Buddhist Wisdom.”

In order to stick to your goals — 
anything from weight loss to keeping 
your room clean — you need, aside 
from cleverly worded quotes, a care-
ful evaluation of why you want to 
achieve that goal, a reasonable and 
concrete reward system and a clear, 
realistic image in your mind of your 
end results.

Say you want to chisel out a set 
of rock-hard abs for yourself by the 
time San Diego weather gets itself 
together and beach season rolls 
around. This is just one possibility, 
for the sake of having an example — 
you can easily apply this theory to 
anything you want to achieve, body-
related or not. The point is that 
you come out of it with a sense of 
accomplishment that, whether or not 
it has to do with your reflection in 
the mirror, will do wonders for your 
sense of self — and that’s the most 
important part of your well-being.

Applying this methodology to the 
“rock-hard abs” goal, the first step is 
the careful evaluation. Get Freudian. 
Sit back on a reclined couch and 
think: Why do I want to do this? Is 
this for you, or for your ex? For you, 
or for your mother? Neither of those 
answers is necessarily good or bad, 
but get familiar with what’s driving 
you so you have a clearer grasp of 
what it is you want to come out of 
this goal. In our example, feeling 
confident in a bathing suit will make 
summer at the beach much more 
enjoyable.

Next, create a reasonable and 
concrete reward system. After a 
week of P90X, I’ll buy a new pair of 
sneakers. After a month of everyday 
workouts, I’ll treat myself to a bur-
rito. Also remember to turn back to 
the same discoveries you made dur-
ing your self-psychoanalysis. When 
faced with a potential weakness, like 
an Arrested Development marathon 
during your workout time or the 
temptation to throw your shirt on 
the ground instead of hanging it up, 
turn back to your original motiva-
tion and think: Do I want this five 
minutes of laziness more, or do I 
want to achieve this accomplishment 
more? If you want it badly enough, 
reminding yourself about it should 
provide the strength you need to 
employ self-control.

Throughout this entire process, 
have a clear image or idea of what 

How to Live 
Up to Your 
Inspirational 
Tumblr

See BODY, page 7

T hey call her the Love Doctor. For nearly seven years, relationship “coach” 
DeAnna Lorraine has been help-
ing her clients fall — and stay — in 
love. Though a good 60 percent of 
her clients are San Diego natives like 
herself, she does regular Skype and 
phone sessions with singles as far as 
the United Arab Emirates, Germany 
and the UK.

It all began when Lorraine’s 
parents divorced when she was 8 
years old. 

“Seeing that relationship fall 
apart made me have this mission to 
understand relationships better,” she 
said. “I wanted to figure out how to 
make them work, so the same thing 
didn’t happen to me.” 

She said growing up with four 
brothers and mostly male cousins 
and uncles helped her understand 
men. 

“I really got familiar with the 
male brain and its secrets,” Lorraine 
said. “I figured out what turns them 
on or off.” 

Lorraine is confident this led her 
to gain an intuitive understanding 

of people in relationships. 
“I became that girl people would 

come to for advice,” she said. “It was 
very natural for me to teach people 
how to attract people, how to make 
things work in relationships.”

Everyone, she believes, deserves 
to find true love. 

“People deserve to have amaz-
ing, delicious relationships — not 
just ones that are okay, or that just 
work. People should get a lot of 
pleasure from their relationships,” 
she said. 

As for us, Lorraine said that col-
lege students need to keep in mind 
that the dating scene in the real 
world is not the same. The hook-up 
culture that is such an integral part 
of college dating life (soon to be 
detailed on the new blog UCSD Sex 
Chronicles — ucsdsexchronicles.
wordpress.com) is mostly absent 
after college, she said. 

“In the real world you have 
to take a traditional and serious 
approach to dating,” she said. “You 
need to go to nicer places. You need 
to stop texting and start calling the 
guy or girl you want to date. And 
on top of all that, you need to get 

your career on track. Getting wasted 
is not as appealing once you have 
graduated.” 

Lorraine said that many of her 
clients want to find the “perfect” 
relationship immediately. However, 
Lorraine said she views finding love 
as a process that takes time and 
requires making mistakes and going 
on many bad dates before some-
thing works. 

Lorraine said that, in her experi-
ence, women are generally the first 
to mature. 

“The men see them and follow,” 
she said. 

Lorraine believes that students 
in relationships should spend about 
60 percent of their time with a 
significant other and the other 40 
percent alone or with friends. 

“College is where you develop 
your identity,” she said. “Any more 
than that and your identities start to 
merge too much.” 

Another thing to watch out for is 
technology, and the hook-up culture 
it perpetuates, Lorraine said. 

“Things were much more formal 

See DATING, page 7

THE
L
O
VE
DOC
TOR

By Ayan Kusari
 Sta� Writer
Nichole Perri 

Contributing Writer

MINA NILCHIAN

mnilchia@ucsd.edu

Student 
Body

JE
F

F
R

E
Y

 L
A

U
/G
U
A
R
D
IA
N

San Diego’s # 1 Dating Expert Gives College Students Advice 



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Undergrads - To pick up your vouchers, 
have your student ID card and go to Extension 
Student Services Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical students - please 
contact OGSR and the School of Medicine for  
their complimentary vouchers.

Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
UCSD Student Grant Program 
(formerly known as Complimentary Enrollment)

Summer Quarter 2012 Dates:  May 21 - 25, 2012
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)
 

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* Intermediate Piano * Building a 
Photography Portfolio * Improv 101 
* FOREIGN LANGUAGES * Spanish 
to English Translation * Japanese for 
Communication I * HUMANITIES & 
WRITING * Creative Writing I * Copyediting 
I * Tools for Technical Communicators * 

DIGITAL ARTS * Digital Media * 3D Studio 
Max I* Dreamweaver I * BUSINESS * 
Project Management Essentials * Career 
Management *  Financial Decision Making 
* Global Marketing * PUBLIC SERVICE & 
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY * Introduction 
to Sustainability * Urban Planning and 
Development Law * Global Service 

Program * LIFE SCIENCES * Introduction 
to Molecular Biology * Biostatistics 
* Pharmacokinetics * INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY * Text Mining * Web 
Publishing I * Biological Database Design 
* HEALTHCARE, BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES 
* Medical Terminology * Good Clinical 
Practices * Nutrition for Fitness and Sport

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.

RESCUING 

Bret Stephens wrote the article 
“The Decline of Human Rights: A Western ideal 

transformed into a shield for terrorists,”
which inspired this event. 

Moderator:
Bret Stephens

Brooke 
Goldstein JD

Zuhdi
Jasser MD

Avi
Bell JD

www.facebook.com/events/292418214176999

S A N  D I E G O

ISRAEL
SOLIDARITY 
WEEK  UCSD 

2

012

Tritons for Israel PRESENTS

MAY 15, 2012
6 PM

PRICE CENTER 
THEATER

FEATURING

back in the day,” she said. “You’d have to put a lot 
more effort to get a date.” 

Moreover, Lorraine believes that technology 
is making us lazy. 

“Things are much more last minute on 
Facebook and with texting,” she said. “Texting 
especially allows people to be flakey. Back in the 
day, people couldn’t be that way: You couldn’t 
cancel an hour before an event because they’d 
already be there. You had a stronger relationship 
with your word.” 

Overall, Lorraine worries that social skills 
have started to decline. But she is not completely 
against texting or social media. 

“I think it’s a great tool to enhance attraction,” 
she said. 

Used in between dates to leave “cute” or 
“sexy” text messages, Lorraine said she has seen it 
keep connections alive and leave partners want-
ing more. Flirtatious text messages are most use-
ful in long-term relationships. 

Lorraine also stresses that you should not 
“friend” someone you are dating on Facebook 
until you know where the relationship is going. 
She goes so far as to say that every couple should 
have a conversation about “friending” each other. 

Facebook and other forms of social media are 
new to our generation, allowing us to stalk our 
partners without their knowledge. 

“Facebook can cause you to misconstrue 
things and believe that your partner is cheating 
on you,” Lorraine said. “This can cause strife and 
tension in any relationship. If I’m dating some-
one, and he’s with eight girls every Friday night, 
then of course I’ll be concerned.” 

Lorraine recommends adding someone you’re 
dating only when things have started to become 
serious. 

“If you are in a long term relationship, you 
shouldn’t have secrets from your partner that can 
be found on Facebook,” she said. “And if you’re 
not, then you shouldn’t get mad at the person 
you’re dating, because you guys aren’t official.” 

When it comes to sex, Lorraine recommend-
ed people stick to the “five-date rule.” She feels 
that five dates are the bare minimum necessary 
to get to know a person. 

“It’s enough time to fact-check words with 
behavior,” she said. 

She noted that women have to be especially 
careful because they are more likely to grow 
attached to a partner after having sex. Still, she 
said, it is important to go on dates in college. 

“You should have a good time,” she said. 
It’s not the same after graduation, she said. 

“The biological clocks start ticking. Suddenly, 
hooking up with three girls at a party seems less 
appealing than a nice Italian dinner,” Lorraine 
said. “The real world will be very different, but 
better.” 

you want to achieve. Think of yourself looking 
smashing in a party dress, feeling proud of your 
great-looking living space when your parents 
visit, or imagine yourself in control of your 
anxiety and finally at peace. 

If there’s ever a doubt that you can’t achieve 
something, an obstacle I’ve run into countless 
times in my own endeavors, I’m not here to tell 

you that, “you can do anything you put your 
mind to.” That’s a blatant lie, repeated by people 
who don’t mind imposing their own sense of 
warped reality on you. You might have to stop 
sometimes for a re-evaluation. If your body 
or mind is just physically incapable of doing 
something, you’re only doing a disservice to 
yourself by pursuing it. And that wisdom, I 
assure you, is more than just fodder.

▶ DATING from page 6

Dating Expert DeAnna Lorraine 
Advises Against Facebook Stalking

▶ BODY from page 6

To Successfully Accomplish a Goal, 
Seriously Evaluate Why You Want It



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

MASTERS DEGREE IN  
INTERIOR ARCHITECTURE
CERTIFICATE IN INTERIOR DESIGN
Learn more! Attend a FREE Info Session 
Thu, May 17, 7-8:30pm,  
Extension Lindbrook Center, Westwood Village
For details call (310) 825-9061,  
or visit uclaextension.edu/Guard_MIA12

13336-12

13336.indd   1 4/26/12   10:57 AM

UCSD Students Faculty & Staff

FREE Moving Truck
      and Free Rent!A TritonTradition

San Diego Self Storage wants to recognize the most 
deserving student by offering free summer storage. 
Please go to our facebook for more information.

www.facebook.com/SelfStorageSanDiego

RESTAURANT REVIEW

STREET SIDE THAI KITCHEN
I n an attempt to satisfy those on the hunt for more authentic and aromatic Thai dishes, Street Side 
Thai Kitchen opened in late 2010 
among the hip bars of North Park 
to serve dishes that reflect owner 
Kanwee “Jack” Kiatnikorn’s trips 
back to Thailand, his homeland.

Inside, the dining room is a 
pleasant sanctuary, warmly painted 
in earthy red, with large photos of 
ingredients and dishes mounted on 
the wall to depict the real moments 
in Thailand. But whether you 
choose to eat outside on the patio 
and experi-
ence North 
Park’s quirky 
atmosphere 
or enjoy its 
casual and 
sophisticated 
dining room, 
Street Side 
Thai Kitchen 
is a place to 
dine for delec-
table Thai cui-
sine without 
hurting your 
wallet.

The Street 
Fair ($10.95) 
is a combina-
tion of appetizer favorites: chicken 
satay (2), moo yang (2), fried rolls 
(2) and crispy triangles (3). The 
chicken satay consists of chicken 
skewers marinated with herbs and 
then grilled to create that perfect, 
smoky flavor. Moo yang is Thai-style 
pork skewers, marinated with spices 
and then charbroiled with traditional 
spicy sauce. The moist pork is satis-
fying on its own as it pulls off effort-
lessly from the skewer, tasting like 
spiced yellow curry. But the best of 
the favorites is the crispy deep-fried 

egg rolls stuffed with veggies. They 
are seriously the best fried rolls you 
can ask for — so hot and crispy that 
you feel like you’re eating real fresh 
food served right from the frying 
pan. Finally, the crispy triangles — 
crispy wontons stuffed with curried 
potato, shrimp and crab — are a 
little bland, providing mostly salti-
ness alone. The entire Street Fair is 
served with a special peanut sauce 
that ultimately tops the ordinary 
sweet and sour sauce that also comes 
along. This peanut sauce is a per-
fect condiment for these appetizers, 
giving a little nutty kick that is not 
overwhelmingly creamy in your 
mouth.

The Pumpkin Curry ($8.95) con-
sists of a coconut milk-based yellow 
curry sauce with peas, bell pepper, 
carrots, zucchinis, and pumpkin 
squash, sided by jasmine rice, salad 
and a fried roll. As with all curry 
dishes, it comes with your choice 
of protein — we opted for chicken. 
With generous cuts of moist chicken 
breasts, it’s the best choice of protein 
for those who may not be serious 
meat lovers, but still crave a little 
protein. The curry is spicy, sweet, 
fragrant and creamy with coconut. 
The more delicate vegetables like 
the squash and zucchinis thankfully 
don’t melt away in the hot curry 
sauce, so they still retain their lush 
texture and distinct flavor. It’s a ful-
filling dish indeed.

Pad Kee-Mau (Drunken 
Noodles) ($8.95) is flat rice noodles 
with chili, bell peppers, onions, 
bamboo shoots, carrots, tomato, 
basil leaves and egg. Our choice of 
beef as the protein was a little too 
juicy, giving a bit of an overwhelm-
ing flavor with all the other ingredi-
ents. If you like it lighter, definitely 
go for tofu or chicken. Decidedly 

spicy and nutty, this dish rocks your 
taste buds. The first bite may tear 
up your eyes, but after that you are 
more likely to get addicted to its 
original tanginess. A tip of advice 
would be to try other dishes first 
beforehand when your taste buds 
are still alive. 

Given that every day of the week 
is known for its very own Street 
Side Thai Kitchen discount after 5 
p.m., it’s a hit for college students 
with money to save, especially on 

food (what else can you save for 
really). The best deal is on Fridays 
and Saturdays when there is a 
student discount of 15 percent off 
with a valid ID. On top of that, they 
also deliver for free to University 
Heights, Linda Vista, Hillcrest and 
Balboa Park, so the lucky ones who 
live around the area should certainly 
go for it. 

— Ashley Kwon
STAFF WRITER

SITE SEEN

P atrons of the arts may already have this Sunday, May 20, marked for the 16th annual 
North Park Festival of Arts. Centered 
around the 
intersec-
tion of 30th 
Street and 
University 
Avenue, this 
free festival 
(free parking 
in the North 
Park Parking Structure included) cele-
brates various artistic forms — music, 
dance and artwork — while satisfying 
foodies and beer-lovers alike.

Performances by a diverse line-up 
of bands, dancers and artists, packed 
between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m., will be 
featured across six stages. You can 
even get a taste of music and dance 
from countries around the globe at 
the World Music Stage. Additionally, 
over 50 specialty and food booths will 
be lined up on University Avenue. 
Inspired creations of art from over 40 
artists will also be displayed, includ-
ing this year’s featured artist Kevin 
Inman’s acclaimed landscape and sea-
scape oil paintings. 

Just around the corner, you’ll find 
the Craft Beer Block on Ohio Street, 
which opens at 11 a.m. It’s $30 in 
advance and $35 at the door to get 10 
samples from some of San Diego’s best 
breweries — Stone, Coronado, Green 
Flash, The Lost, Abbey and more. 

This local tradition hosted by the 
historic neighborhood, intermixing 
art, live entertainment, culture, food 
and beer in a single day, only comes 
around once a year. 

— Stacey Chien
STAFF WRITER

North Park 
Festival of 
the Arts

Hours: 
Lunch
Mon. - Fri. 
11 a.m. – 3 p.m.
Sat. & Sun. 
12 p.m. – 3 p.m.
Dinner
Sun. – Thur. 
5 p.m. – 10 p.m.
Fri. & Sat. 
5 p.m. – 11 p.m.

Location:
3025 University 
Ave., North Park

Recommended:
Pumpkin Curry

North Park 
Festival of the Arts

When: Sun., May 20

Where: University 
Ave. & 30th Street

Price: Free

PHOTO COURTESY OF JOE WOLF



8 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  M AY  14,  2012 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

CAMPUS
2012

5.14-5.20

CALENDAR

PC NOONER WITH
DELTA SPIRIT

@ PC PLAZA •12:30pm

MON5.14

MON5.14
11am
PROJECT RISHI: HENNA TATTOOS FOR SUN 
GOD -  LIBRARY WALK
Want to show off your favorite henna tattoos at Sun 
God? Come support Project RISHI (Rural India Social 
and Health Improvement) and get ready for the big day 
by getting the henna design of your choice done by 
one of our talented artists! Choose a design from our 
selection or create your own. Samosas will also be 
available to purchase, and all proceeds will go toward 
our health, education, and sanitation projects in rural 
India.*Designs start at $5 and increase with 
complexity.*Henna service available from 11-4pm. To 
learn more about Project RISHI, join us on Facebook at 
http://www.facebook.com/groups/ucsdprojectrishi

12:30pm
PC NOONER: DELTA SPIRIT - PRICE CENTER 
PLAZA
The San Diego natives are back and better than ever 
with their new self-titled album. They will be playing a 
free UCSD show as the last show on their spring 
nationwide tour. When it came time to record Delta 
Spirit's third album, the band members knew one 
thing: It was time to shake off the stylistic labels that 
have shadowed them since they formed in San Diego 
in 2005. In their eyes, Delta Spirit has always been a 
thoroughly modern rock band, and, with their self-titled 
new album, they set out to prove it. FREE for UCSD 
students.

5pm
DR. ARMANDO NAVARRO LECTURE AND BOOK 
SIGNING - STUDENT CENTER, HUERTA/VERA 
CRUZ RM
Please join us as Dr. Armando Navarro shares with us 
his latest book, 'Global Capitalist Crisis and the Second 
Great Depression'. Dr. Navarro delivers a timely 
analysis of the global capitalist crisis that has arisen in 
the United States. Dr. Navarro is a political science 
professor at the University of California, Riverside in 
the Department of Ethnic Studies. The event is free and 
open to all. Sponsored by the Department of Literature 
and the Chicano/a-Latino/a Arts and Humanities 
Program. For more info, contact hcervantes@ucsd.edu 
or 858-822-4059.

6pm
ELEANOR MARIANO: PERSONAL PHYSICIAN TO 
PRESIDENTS - NSB AUDITORIUM
Inspire: Eleanor Mariano (Personal Physician to 
Presidents Bush and Clinton) Dr. Eleanor Mariano is a 
UCSD alumna who is excited to talk about how UCSD 
shaped her successful career. She was the first female 
head of the White House Medical Unit. She was also 
the first Rear Admiral to graduate from the military 
medical school (USHUS). Come hear this distinguished 
UCSD Alumnus - Monday, May 14, 2012, 6:00 PM, 
Natural Science Building Auditorium (Near Rogers 
Place).

10am
LATINO HEALTH DAY - INSTITUTE OF THE 
AMERICAS
Roundtable, Lecture, Reception: A lecture on the origins 
of Cinco de Mayo by Dr. Hayes-Bautista, UCLA Director, 
Center for the Study of Latino Health & Culture/School 
of Medicine. Also, workshops for students interested in 
health careers with faculty members from the UCSD 
School of Medicine. Roundtables 10 AM-11 AM, 3-4 
PM; Lecture 2-3 PM; Reception 4-5 PM. Institute of the 
Americas: Weaver, Hojel and Deutz Rooms

1pm
A.I.M. FOR LAW INFO SESSION - ROOSEVELT 
RM, PRICE CTR WEST
The A.I.M. for Law program is a collaborative project 
between California Western School of Law (CWSL) and 
UC San Diego to prepare diverse UCSD students for the 
law school application process and the first year of law 
school. This is a single-quarter program, offered once in 
fall quarter and once in spring quarter. Classes meet on 
campus and at California Western School of Law. This 
program is free!

8pm
KSDT PRESENTS: CRAFT SPELLS WITH 
TROPICAL POPSICLE AND PILOTS - THE LOFT
KSDT is hosting their first show at The Loft with 
headliner Craft Spells and support from local bands 
Tropical Popsicle and Pilots. Free for students; $8 
General Tickets on sale at UCSD Box Office. Craft Spells 
is currently touring with The Drums. Justin Paul 
Vallesteros had begun working on something that 
would change his life forever. What began as a couple 
notes played in experimentation, soon transformed into 
vibrant melodies that soon shook Vallesteros' musical 
foundation to the core. Guitar chords laced over pulse 
sating synth melodies and drum rhythms was a 
departure from Justin's previous work; he began to 
create the dreamy nostalgic pop music that is Craft 
Spells.

THU5.17
1:30pm
THERAPY DOGS! - THE ZONE
Drop into The Zone every Thursday from 1:30 to 2:30 
pm to get some love from adorable, professional 
therapy dogs! Studies show that petting an animal can 
lower stress, and the smiles on students' faces proves 
this to be the case every time.

7pm
SAN DIEGO PADRES COLLEGE NIGHT - PETCO 
PARK (DOWNTOWN)
Come enjoy a Thursday night at the baseball field! The 
Padres will be taking on the Dodgers. Show some San 
Diego spirit (or Dodgers if you must) and hang out with 
other local college students. $9 if you purchase in 
advance online or $10 the day of. 

5pm
ACSSA CHEMISTRY UNDERGRAD RESEARCH 
SYMPOSIUM - NATURAL SCIENCES BLDG
Undergraduate students will present their research in a 
field of chemistry (physical, organic, inorganic, 
analytical, etc). The research did not have to be done 
with a professor in the Chem department; it could have 
been from any department or industry job/internship. 
This is a wonderful opportunity for students to present 
their hard work and receive valuable feedback from 
faculty. We encourage all students to come check out 
the posters.

WED5.16TUE5.15

11am
FITNESS CLASS: SHORT CIRCUIT - THE ZONE
Drop into The Zone every Friday from 11:00-11:45am 
for Fitness Fridays, a fun and FREE exercise class 
offered by FitLife. From Zumba to Yoga to Pilates and 
more, every week features a different work-out. Please 
arrive early as the class is first-come, first-serve.This 
Short Circuit class utilizes your best training tool: your 
own body weight. Packed with weight training 
techniques and cardio intervals used by MMA trainers, 
P90X, and Insanity, you're sure to get a great workout 
in just 45 minutes!

12pm
INTERNATIONAL CENTER CAFÉ 
Please join us for Cuban cuisine at the International 
Center’s patio. Lunch costs $5 and is served from noon 
until 1:15pm.  Our meal will include: Creole chicken, 
Cuban rice, green salad w/ yogurt dressing and tres 
leches cake. The sponsor will be UCSD Retirement

FRI5.18

11:30am
PIZZA FOR STUDENT-PARENTS - WOMEN'S 
CENTER CONFERENCE RM
Please join us for this free community event for students 
with children! Mothers, fathers and children are all 
welcome to attend! This event will last until 2:30 pm so 
everyone will have time to stay and enjoy some free 
pizza or grab a slice on the run. The event will take 
place on Tuesdays: May 15th, 22nd, 29th and June 5th! 
Come by and meet other student-parents and learn 
more about programs being offered for student-parents 
at UCSD. There will be live video documentary 
interviews being filmed for parents who would like the 
opportunity to share their story and experiences as 
student-parents.

6pm
STUDENTS FOR JUSTICE IN PALESTINE 
PRESENTS: END THE SILENCE - MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM
Students for Justice in Palestine, in conjunction with the 
Muslim Student Association's Justice in Palestine Week, 
invites you to a night of fantastic spoken word and 
musical performances with a one-of-a-kind spectacular 
lineup: Omar Offendum - The Narcicyst - Remi Kanazi 
As well as many others, including student performers 
and local artists! UCSD Students: $6; non-UCSD 
students/public: $11 Tickets are now on sale at the 
UCSD Box Office (They will also be sold at the door). All 
proceeds will be going to charity! Looking for a chance 
to open with a spoken word piece for this event or have 
a video project of yours featured during this event? 
Shoot us an email at: spokenword@msaucsd.org

4pm
UCSD DANCE TEAM TRYOUTS - RIMAC
Come try out for the nationally-competitive UCSD 
Dance Team! In addition to competing nationally, we 
represent the school by performing at various UCSD 
events including Sungod, Triton Jam, Triton Power 
Hour, home basketball games, and other athletic 
events. We are a team of elite and dedicated 
dancers who work hard and have fun while doing it! 
We looking for dancers who have strong technique 
in turns, jumps, kicks, and leaps. Along with 
technique, we want to see dancers who add style to 
their dancing, as well. Our style consists primarily of 
jazz, but we do include elements of hip hop, lyrical 
and pom. Hope to see you at tryouts!

SUN5.20

OH YEAH...
SUN GOD FESTIVAL!



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  M AY  14,  2012 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

crossword
weekly

ACROSS
1 Edible bow ties
6 Largemouth fish
10 Places
14 Twitter message
15 Provoke
16 Shimmery sushi fish
17 God of Islam
18 “Happy Gilmore” actor Sandler
19 Song sung alone
20 Good reason to reopen a closed case
23 Intent
24 Former franc fraction
25 Broad genre that began in Van Gogh’s 

time
31 Important purchase for a bride
35 “__ Fideles”: Christmas carol
36 Miami University state
38 “Figured it out!”
39 Emeralds and diamonds
40 Enlarge, as a road
42 Elvis __ Presley
43 “Who am __ judge?”
44 Unit of force
45 Natural ability
47 __ Rica
49 Original thought
51 LAX or JFK, for American Airlines
53 Joule fraction
54 Title of Obama’s 2009 Cairo speech, and 

what 20-, 25- and 49-Across have in 
common

61 Festive party
62 Tree house?
63 Spine-chilling
66 Like Homer’s “Iliad”
67 Hudson Bay native
68 Furnish with more weapons
69 Eraser crumb site
70 Pay attention to
71 Eyelid woes

DOWN
1 “Harper Valley __”
2 Hole-making tool
3 Ego
4 Rip
5 Deep down inside
6 Rodeo bull
7 White House staffer
8 Pole or Czech
9 Big rigs
10 One who puts on airs
11 Atop
12 Soft rock
13 Horse’s footwear
21 Muscular
22 Birdbrain, or extinct bird
25 Hocus-pocus
26 Words that start many Keats titles
27 Band samples
28 Twisty road curve
29 Beverly Hills’s __ Drive
30 Alexander-Great link
32 Like some seals
33 Glistened
34 Rudolph’s boss
37 Apprentice
41 B&B
42 Baba who tangled with thieves
44 Slap on, as paint
46 Casbah city
48 Hitting sound
50 Blew off steam
52 Where second stringers sit
54 Like fine wine
55 Scruff
56 Yale alumni
57 Richard of “Chicago”
58 Words of understanding
59 Hair removal brand
60 Cloudy
64 Anger
65 Letters after els

STUDENT HOUSING
$600- Studio - Great studio apartment 
in a friendly building just off cam-
pus. Rent is $600 and the utilities are 
INCLUDED in the rent. There is a laun-
dry room down the hall, and there 
is also furniture for sale. Available in 
June. Contact me for more info and 
photos!

$945- Studio Cedar Shores - Our 
unique collection of studio, one and 
two bedroom apartment homes offer 
a variety of floor plans and living 
solutions to fit every lifestyle. Enjoy 
a refreshing swim in our sparkling 
pool, relax in the soothing spa, or 
take a short stroll to Mission Bay for 
a walk along the warm sand beaches. 
All this and more is yours to enjoy at 
Cedar Shores. Reply online to listing 
ID: 28955408 

Monte Vista - We are proudly 
owned and managed by The Irvine 
Apartment Communities. Monte Vista 
has the three greatest features any 
apartment community can offer: loca-
tion, location, location. Situated near 
shopping, entertainment, and trans-
portation, Monte Vista is the perfect 
place to call home. Enjoy our club-
house, our fitness center, and our 
swimming pool. The comforts of our 
spacious apartments will suit your 
every need. Call Monte Vista today 
for more information on your new 
home!  Reply online to listing ID: 
28738704

The Villas of Renaissance - Experience 
something new in apartment living at 
The Villas of Renaissance. Italian-style 
architecture, lush gardens, distinc-
tive fountains, inviting pools, Newly 
Remodeled Interiors with granite 
counter tops and berber carpeting, 
a luxurious 15,000 square foot club-
house with a state-of-the-art fitness 
center, aerobics facilities, a big screen 
TV theater, and resident business cen-
ter. Live in your own villa with all the 
finest amenities. Your apartment com-
munity is part of a uniquely designed 
neighborhood - with its own spe-
cialty shopping center. Live in one 
of the world’s most desirable areas, 
just minutes away from upscale shop-
ping, dining, cutting-edge business 
opportunities, and miles of beautiful 
beaches. Live in comfort. Live in style. 
At The Villas of Renaissance. Call today 
for current “Move-in” sepecials! $600- 
Summer Sublet 1 bedroom in a 2 
bedroom apartment. The apartment 
is just across the road from CSE and 
Jacobs School of Engineering!!

The fully furnished room goes for 
$600/month, including electricity, 
wired and wireless internet, weekly 
cleaning and maintenance. My room-
mate will be staying in the other 
room. He is a cool and out going-
guy. Requirements : NON-SMOKING, 
Affiliation to UCSD Reply online to 
listing ID: 28952520

Valentia - NEWLY REMODELED 
INTERIORS. HUGE FLOORPLANS. 
AWARD WINNING CUSTOMER 
SERVICE! Located in the master-
planned community of Renaissance-
La Jolla, Valentia apartments boasts 
UTC’s largest floorplans! Brand new 
upgraded interiors include white 
raised panel cabinetry, granite coun-
tertops, wood flooring, designer two-
tone paint, crown molding, upgrad-
ed fixtures and lighting. Come tour 
Valentia Apartments and see why 
Shea Apartment Communities was 
recognized as one of the top 5 apart-
ment portfolios in the nation for cus-
tomer satisfaction based upon resi-
dent surveys by Satisfacts Research, 
LLC. Smoke free apartments now 
available!Ask about our Resident’s 
Rent Protection Plan. CA BL DRE 
#01382566  Reply online to listing ID: 
28650762

3 BIG WAYS

(760) 436-­2338
860 Regal Road, Encinitas, CA 92024

YOU CAN SAVE!

1

2

3

$1 Move-­In

Special

10% OFF

Regular

Price Units

FREE Use of

Move-­In Truck

Don't waste your vacation time with appointments!

Get your teeth cleaned
during the quarter!

David Sabourin, D.D.S.
Scripps Hospital/Ximed Center
9850 Genesee Avenue, Suite 760, La Jolla, California 92037
Phone: (858)452-2333 •  Email: smilemaker1@san.rr.com

Serving UCSD community for over 20 years

Walking distance from UCSD campus. Located across Voigt from the baseball �eld next to Scripps Memorial Hospital

STUDENT RATE INCLUDES 
COMPREHENSIVE EXAM, REQUIRED X-RAYS

& TEETH CLEANING (prophylaxis)



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

This Is An Advertisement. The determination of the need for legal services and the choice of a lawyer are extremely important decisions
and should not be based solely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise. No representation is made that the quality of the legal services to be performed is
greater than the quality of legal services performed by other lawyers. Kerry Steigerwalt (4350 Executive Drive, Suite 150, San Diego, CA 92121) is responsible for the
content of this advertisement. Steigerwalt & Associates does not offer any guarantee of case results.  Prior results are based on the facts of individual cases and do not
guarantee a similar outcome. We do not provide advice regarding tax, accounting, bankruptcy, employee benefits or workers’ compensation. The image used is not a
real client and is being used as part of ad.

If so, please contact us toll free at 
(866)242-0905 or email us at 
info@steigerwaltlaw.com

YAZ, YASMIN and OCELLA
On April 10, 2012, the FDA “concluded that drospirenone-containing birth control pills may be 
associated with a higher risk for blood clots than other progestin-containing pills” and revised the 
warning label to “report that some epidemiologic studies reported as high as a three-fold increase in 
the risk of blood clots” as compared to other pills. More information about the label change can be 
found at www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm299305.htm.

Who We Are
The California law firm of Steigerwalt & Associates is a product liability law firm that cares about
women’s health issues. The firm has lawyers who fight for women suffering from injuries caused by
harmful and defective products, including drugs and medical devices. We want to help you obtain
compensation for your injuries. Speak with one of our lawyers toll-free at (866) 242-0905.

UCSD Baseball 6, Sonoma State 0 5/10/12
Player ab r h rbi bb
SUSDORF, Danny cf 4 0 1 1 1
SIEGEL, Richard 1b 5 1 1 0 0
TUCK, Garrett ss 4 2 2 0 0
LA FACE, Nick c 4 1 3 2 0
RAUHN, Justin dh 3 0 0 1 1
RINGOLD, Gregg lf 4 0 0 0 0
LISKE, Scott rf 4 1 1 1 0
MICHAELS, Sam 3b 4 1 4 1 0
FRAZIER, Spencer 2b 2 0 0 0 1
Totals 34 6 12 6 3

ip h r bb so
SCOTT, Trevor W p 5.1 3 0 3 8

UCSD Baseball 9, Chico State 1 5/11/12
Player ab r h rbi bb
SUSDORF, Danny cf 4 1 1 0 1
SIEGEL, Richard 1b 5 1 3 1 0
TUCK, Garrett ss 4 1 1 0 0
LA FACE, Nick dh 4 1 2 1 1
RAHN, Justin lf 3 0 0 0 0
LEVY, Brett c 4 2 3 1 0
LISKE, Scott rf 3 1 2 4 0
MICHAELS, Sam 3b 3 0 0 0 1
FRAZIER, Spencer 2b 3 1 2 1 0
Totals 34 9 14 8 3

ip h r bb so
GOODBRAND, Ryan W p 8.0 5 1 0 5

UCSD Baseball 7, Sonoma State 9 5/12/12
Player ab r h rbi bb
SUSDORF, Danny cf 5 1 3 2 0
SIEGEL, Richard 1b 4 0 0 1 1
TUCK, Garrett ss 5 0 1 0 0
LA FACE, Nick dh 4 1 1 0 1
RAHN, Justin lf 4 1 2 0 1
LEVY, Brett c 3 0 0 0 0
LISKE, Scott rf 2 3 0 0 1
MICHAELS, Sam 3b 1 1 1 2 2
FRAZIER, Spencer 2b 1 0 0 1 1
Totals 31 7 8 6 7

ip h r bb so
RAUH, Jeff p 4.0 4 6 2 2

UCSD Baseball 7, Sonoma State 3 5/12/12
Player ab r h rbi bb
SUSDORF, Danny cf 4 1 2 1 1
SIEGEL, Richard 1b 4 2 1 0 1
TUCK, Garrett ss 3 2 2 1 1
LA FACE, Nick c 3 0 1 1 1
RAHN, Justin dh 2 0 0 0 0
RINGOLD, Gregg lf 3 1 0 1 0
LISKE, Scott rf 2 0 0 1 0
MICHAELS, Sam 3b 4 0 1 1 0
FRAZIER, Spencer 2b 4 1 1 0 0
Totals 31 7 9 7 4

ip h r bb so
SELAREZ, Gregg W p 7.0 7 3 0 1

TUMA, Elias L p  1.1   2   2   0   2

BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

BASEBALL — After going 5-10 to 
end the regular season, the UCSD 
Baseball team seems to be peaking in 
the postseason, as the Tritons claimed 
the CCAA tournament title.

“We talked about how we could 
play our best baseball at the end of 
the year and make some noise in 
this thing,” UCSD head coach Eric 
Newman said. “We felt like we kind of 
gave it away at the end of the regular 
season, but it was good to come out 
and show everyone that we are a team 
to be reckoned with.”

The UCSD Baseball team won its 
fourth straight CCAA regular season 
title and tournament title this week-
end, May 10 to 12 at Triton Ballpark.

Seven Tritons were named to the 
All-CCAA Tournament team: senior 
pitcher Greg Selarz, freshman catch-
er Brett Levy, sophomore shortstop 
Garrett Tuck, junior third baseman 
Sam Michaels, sophomore outfielder 
Scott Liske, junior outfielder Danny 
Susdorf and designated hitter sopho-
more Nick La Face.

Going 3-1 this weekend, UCSD 
entered the tournament with the top-
seed and outclassed CCAA oppo-
nents, second-seed Chico State and 
third-seed Sonoma State to take the 
tournament title. With the confer-

ence win, UCSD also claimed the 
automatic bid into the CCAA tour-
nament.

It was announced Sunday, May 
13 that UCSD will face Dixie State at 
Western Oregon on Thursday, May 
16 in the first round of the West 
Regionals.

GAME 1
The Triton rotation allowed the 

Seawolves just four hits in their 
CCAA tournament opener. Triton 
Trevor Scott (5-5) recorded the win, 
notching eight strikeouts while allow-
ing just three hits in his 5.1 innings. 

The Tritons went up 4-0 off a 
three-run fourth inning, as UCSD 
took an early lead and maintained the 
gap down the stretch. UCSD hit up 
the Seawolves’ Glen Wallace for four 
hits, three doubles from Nick La Face, 
Scott Liske and Sam Michaels. 

UCSD picked up two more dou-
bles in the sixth and seventh innings 
to secure the 6-0 win.

GAME 2
Junior All-CCAA first team selec-

tion Ryan Goodbrand (10-0) allowed 
second-seed Chico State just one hit, 
while a grand slam from Liske in the 
bottom of the seventh inning put the 
game away for first-seed UCSD.

First baseman Richard Siegel and 
catcher Brett Levy both tallied three 
hits in the campaign.

GAME 3
The Seawolves used a five run 

fourth inning, as second baseman 
Jackson Stogner homered for three 
RBI. 

Up 6-1, the Seawolves may have 
put their relief in a little too early, 
as Glen Wallace walked his first two 
batters — Liske and Michaels. The 
two were moved over to third and 
second respectively. Susdorf singled 
to rightfield to bat in Liske. 

The Seawolves overthrew first 
as Susdorf advanced to second and 
Michaels scored.

UCSD tied the game in the top of 
the eighth inning, as the Seawolves 
replaced Wallace with relief Taylor 
Herbert. Herbert walked La Face and 
Rahn and hit Liske to load the bases. 
Next up Michaels scored La Face and 
Rahn. Liske was brought home on a 
popfly from Frazier. 

The Seawolves pushed for a fourth 
game in the bottom of the eighth, 
after senior submariner Elias Tuma 
loaded the bases, and gave up a dou-
ble for two RBI.

GAME 4

In the Tritons’ fourth game — 
Sonoma’s fifth game in three days 
— fatigue figured in the Seawolf bull-
pen, as Sonoma exhausted their best 
arms early in the tournament to stave 
off elimination.

“We just kept pounding away and 
I was just as proud of the way we fin-
ished the first game as I am of how we 
finished the second game,” Newman 
said. “We were going to keep fight-
ing, we weren’t going to stay down, 
we weren’t going to quit. And I think 
to some degree we may have won the 
second game in the first game, com-
ing back 6-1 tieing in the seventh.”

The Seawolves went up early on a 
two run homerun.

The Tritons overtook the lead in 
the bottom of the first inning as soph-
omore first team selection Garrett 
Tuck singled to centerfield, batting in 
Susdorf and Siegel. Sonoma pitcher 
Joey Van Cleave gave up two more 
bases to score Siegle, while Liske 
popped out to score Tuck. UCSD 
went up by two more runs in the fifth 
inning off a La Face double, one of 
three in the tournament.

Up 6-2, junior lefthander Richard 
Kilbury and senior Tony York closed 
out the win, collectively allowing just 
one hit in their last two innings.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu

UCSD Claims Fourth 
Consecutive CCAA 
Tournament Title
The UCSD Baseball team will now prepare for the 
West Regionals, to be held on the campus of  Western 
Oregon University on Thursday, May 16. NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, MAY 14,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

HOW THE WEST HOW THE WEST HOW THE WEST HOW THE WEST HOW THE WEST HOW THE WEST 
WAS WONWAS WONWAS WONWAS WONWAS WONWAS WON

BY RACHEL UDA •  SportS Editor
photoS by nolan thomaS•  GUardian FilE

The UCSD Softball team is set to make their second ever appearance at 
the College World Series as West Region Champions.

Sixth-seed UCSD upset first-seed CSU Dominguez Hills last weekend, May 11 to May 12 to 
win their second consecutive West 
Regional championship.

The No. 24 Tritons topped the No. 
10 Toros in the best of three game 
series in Carson, Calif. at Dominguez’s 
home field, snapping the Toros’ per-
fect 28–0 home record. 

UCSD fell 4–3 in the first game of 
the series, but took the last two games 
1–0 to take the West Region title. 

On Friday, May 11, UCSD went 
up 3–0 in the third inning as soph-
omore Kirsten Willmon recorded a 
triple to bat in senior center-fielder 
Kris Lesovsky. UCSD scored two more 
runs on a throwing error. The Triton 
defense was unable to hold the lead, 
as UCSD recorded two infield errors, 
allowing the Toros four runs on three 
hits. “We felt that the only people that 
were going to take it from us were 
ourselves,” sophomore catcher Caitlin 
Brown said to the UCSD Athletics 

Department. “We knew going in that 
we were going to have to come out 
hard...We were never really worried 
about them coming back.”

The Tritons won the second game 
in extra innings off a walk-off home 
run from Brown. “I’ve been struggling 
at the plate before that at-bat, so I just 
told myself to relax and see the ball.” 
Brown said. “I knew [Gaito] was get-
ting tired out there, as she should be, 
after pitching eight innings, so I just 
did what I had to do for my team.”

In the decider, UCSD recorded 
a run in the first inning. Senior ace 
Camille Gaito (29–10) took control 
from there, going the distance, while 
allowing only three hits. The 2011 
All-American and 2012 All-West 
Region selection has pitched the last 
12 games for the Tritons, and will 
likely remain on the mound for the 
Tritons throughout the World Series. 
The All-American has already pitched 
all 53 innings of the NCAA Division 
II tournament for the Tritons, with a 

0.66 ERA in her eight games thus far. 
“On day two, my pitches were 

working a lot better, I was hitting 
my spots, which allowed our defense 
to do more work,” Gaito said to the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “So I 
just stepped up my game a little bit and 
my fielding, and my defense just had 
my back all day.”

UCSD will now advance to the 
College World Series for the second 
time in program history, as they look 
to defend their national title. As West 
Region Champions, UCSD will face 
the winners of the South Region, 
Valdosta State (53–4) this Wednesday, 
May 16 in Louisville, Kentucky. 

The eight-team double-elimina-
tion tournament will also feature the 
regional winners from around the 
nation: Atlantic region representative 
Kutztown, Central region representa-
tive Augustana, Midwest region rep-
resentative St. Joe, East region repre-
sentative Southern Connecticut State, 
South Central representative Central 

Oklahoma and South East representa-
tive Flagler.

UCSD will be the only squad to 
qualify for the World Series twice in 
the past two years. 

“I think the experience [of being in 
the NCAA Championships before] is 
going to be helpful, but this is a brand 
new team,” UCSD head coach Patti 
Gerckens said to the UCSD Athletics 
Department. “We’re not trying to 
defend [our national title], we’re just 
trying to win another one. It’s total-
ly different chemistry and we’re just 
excited to be going to the show again.”

The Tritons will have their work 
cut out for them in Louisville. UCSD’s 
first opponent, Valdosta State, is cur-
rently ranked No. 1 nationally. The 
Blazers took all 16 first place votes, 
and have the fourth lowest earned run 
average in the nation, allowing just 
1.22 runs a game. 

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu

UCSD Softball 3, Dominguez Hills 3 5/11/12
Player ab r h rbi bb
LESOVSKY, Kris cf 4 1 1 0 0
WILLMON, Kirsten lf 4 0 3 1 0
BROWN, Caitlin rf/1b 4 1 0 0 0
SWANBERG, Charly c 4 0 1 0 0
ROMERO, Mya ss 3 1 1 0 0
SYKES, Maria dp/rf 3 0 1 2 0
SPANGLER, Nicole 1b/dp 3 0 1 0 0
PORTUGAL, Monique 2b 3 0 1 0 0
MCQUAID, Emily 3b 2 0 0 0 0
Totals 30 3 9 3 0

ip h r bb so
GAITO, Camille L p 6.0 5 4 1 1

UCSD Softball 1, Dominguez Hills 0 5/12/12
Player ab r h rbi bb
LESOVSKY, Kris cf 4 0 0 0 0
WILLMON, Kirsten lf 4 0 1 0 0
BROWN, Caitlin 1b 4 1 2 1 0
SWANBERG, Charly c 2 0 1 0 0
ROMERO, Mya ss 2 0 0 0 1
SYKES, Maria rf 2 0 0 0 0
SPANGLER, Nicole dp 3 0 0 0 0
PORTUGAL, Monique 2b 2 0 0 0 1
MCQUAID, Emily 3b 3 0 1 0 0
Totals 26 1 5 1 2

ip h r bb so
GAITO, Camille W p 8.0 5 0 0 4

UCSD Softball 1, Dominguez Hills 0 5/12/12
Player ab r h rbi bb
LESOVSKY, Kris cf 2 1 0 0 0
WILLMON, Kirsten lf 3 0 2 1 0
BROWN, Caitlin 1b 3 0 1 0 0
SWANBERG, Charly c 3 0 1 0 0
ROMERO, Mya ss 3 0 0 0 0
SYKES, Maria rf 3 0 0 0 0
SPANGLER, Nicole dp 2 0 0 0 0
PORTUGAL, Monique 2b 2 0 1 0 0
MCQUAID, Emily 3b 2 0 1 0 0
Totals 23 1 6 1 0

ip h r bb so
GAITO, Camille W p 7.0 3 0 1 2

Sophomore All-West Region selection Caitlin Brown has recorded four 
home runs in her past eight games. Brown, batting .347, leads the roster 
with a .557 slugging percentage.

KUTZTOWN ST. JOE CENTRAL 
OKLAHOMA

VALDOSTA STATE

AUGUSTANA SOUTHERN
CONNTECTICUT ST.

FLAGLER UCSD

-Atlantic Region champions
-50-5 overall record
-19-1 in conference
-Winners of the
Pennsylvania State Athletic 
Conference (PSAC)

-Midwest Region 
champions
-34-18 overall record
-9-11 conference record 
-Compete in the Atlantic 10 
Conference

-Central Region champions
-53-10 overall record
-22-4 in conference
-competes in the Northern 
Sun Intercollegiate 
Conference

-East Region champions
-42-11 overall record
-24-6 in conference
-competes in the 
Northeast-10 Conference

-South Central champions
-44-7 overall record
-compete in NCAA 
Division II without a 

-South Region champions
-52-4 overall record
-26-1 in conference
-Winners of the Gulf South 
Conference

-Southeast Region
champions
-39-18 overall record
-11-9
-competes in the Peach Belt 
Conference

-West Region champions
-41-21 overall record
- 23-13 in conference
-Winners of the California 
Collegiate Athletic 
Conference


	051412NewsREAL
	051412Opinion
	051412Leisure
	051412_CALENDAR_Pg8
	051412_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg9
	051412Sports

