
THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

BY AIMLY SIRISARNSOMBAT
Staff Writer

In response to last quarter’s student break-in of the Center for Library and Instructional Computing Services, UCSD administration 
has announced plans to re-open CLICS as a new 

lecture hall named “Galbraith Hall.” 
Galbraith Hall — which took 

its name from the theatre depart-
ment’s center of operations located 
in the same building — was officially 
opened by administrators as a study 

area on Jan. 9. The space will remain open until 
construction for renovation takes it offline for 
several months. According to UCSD spokesperson 
Christine Clark, the start date of the project has yet 
to be determined.

In a campus notice released on Jan. 6, Executive 
Vice Chancellor Suresh Subramani and Vice 
Chancellors Penny Rue and Gary Matthews 
reminded students that Revelle College already 
offers nearly 500 study spaces in Blake Hall and 
Fleet residence areas, and that Geisel Library offers 
3,000 study seats. 

“The refurbished Galbraith Hall space will 
include over 100 study seats. [And] with only 
four large lecture classrooms on campus…UCSD 
undergraduates face delays in scheduling general 
requirement and prerequisite classes in their degree 
programs,” Clark said. “The addition of another 
large lecture hall will ease a scheduling bottleneck 
that has resulted from increasing enrollments and 
too few large classrooms for required undergradu-
ate courses.” 

Clark said administrators hope the opening 
of Galbraith Hall will mean that the campus can 
accommodate more courses by serving as another 
large lecture hall with a 400-seat classroom.

Although the administration promises to 

use Galbraith Hall as a 
refurbished study space, 
Thurgood Marshall 
College senior Kevin 
Quirolo said some stu-
dents who participated in 
the reclaiming of CLICS 
this past December 
feel that the opening of 
Galbraith Hall is symp-
tomatic of a larger, univer-
sity-wide problem.      

“What’s problematic 
about just counting student 
spaces is that [CLICS] still 
isn’t a centralized location 
where many people come,” 
Quriolo said. “Making a 
public space like CLICS 
and other libraries which 
are open access to many 
people [has been] less of a 
priority than construction 
projects which are intend-
ed for specific research 
programs…it’s symbolic 
of the crisis in democratic 
accountability [in making] 
decisions.”  

Quirolo first got 
involved with student 
action concerning the 
“new” CLICS through the general assembly meet-
ings held at the library on Dec. 5 to Dec. 10. In his 
Jan. 18 press release, Quirolo said the administra-
tion failed in properly addressing campus deficien-
cies in ways that democratically fulfill the needs of 
the current student body.

Vice Chancellor for Resource and Managing 
Gary Matthews and Vice Chancellor for Student 
Affairs Penny Rue held a meeting on Jan. 10 in 
order to gauge student opinion on the matter 
with students who got involved during the CLICS 
break-in. 

Assistant Vice Chancellor of Student Life Gary 
Ratcliff and University Centers Interim Director 
Sharon Van Bruggen organized another meeting 
with the same students on Jan. 20 for the same 
purpose.

“[At the first 
meeting] they 
focused mainly on talking about [how] they had 
a list of study spaces and where they could post 
that,” Revelle College junior and Public Education 
Coalition member David Aronson said. 

Aronson said he attended both meetings. 
“It wasn’t very productive,” Aronson said. “The 

second meeting was more productive because we 
discussed the nature of what we wanted to do with 
the space…they agreed to open the interior doors 
of CLICS because that could be used as a study 
space.” 

Clark said that A.S. President Alyssa Wing 
and Revelle College Council Meena Kaushik were 
appointed to maintain communication between 

SUNDAYSATURDAY

VOLUME 45, ISSUE 26

BY ZEV HURWITZ
Staff Writer

  
UC San Francisco’s Chancellor 

announced a plan on Jan. 19 to strength-
en UCSF’s financial situation by reeval-
uating its relationship with the UC 
system and possibility seeking a new 
form of governance. Chancellor Susan 
Desmond-Hellmann told the UC Board 
of Regents at its meeting last week that 
if changes were not made, UCSF would 
have long-term financial issues.

“Costs are rising faster than revenues,” 
Desmond-Hellmann said at the meeting. 
“By 2015, if we don’t change how we’re 
operating from a business perspective, 
we will go into the red. Obviously we 
cannot and will not let that happen.”

Desmond-Hellmann formally pro-
posed that a small working group be 
formed to help determine options for 
stabilizing the school, financially. While 
UCSF would not privatize, or secede 
entirely, there would be a more local gov-
erning system, with greater separation 
from the other nine campuses.

UCSF’s School of Medicine enrolls 
around 3,000 graduate students, and is 
the only non-undergraduate UC cam-
pus. As a member of the UC system, 
UCSF pays a percentage of its revenue, 
mostly from clinical practices and other 
university medical enterprises, back into 
the UC system to help support the other 
campuses. The San Francisco Chronicle 
reported that this year, UCSF gave the 
system $49 million out of their $4 billion 

UC SYSTEM

UCSF Proposes 
Breaking from 
UC System

LIBRARIES

CLICS to Become Lecture Hall

See CLICS, page 3

BY NICOLE CHAN
Associate News Editor

 Forty UCSD faculty members are condemning 
the police tactics used against protesters at the Jan. 
18 UC Board of Regents meeting at UC Riverside. 
Faculty and staff members have signed the letter, 
which was sent to the UC Regents Wednesday Jan. 
25, in order to call on the regents to clarify their 
position on the matter. 

Sociology professor Charles Thorpe said the 
letter was written directly in response to last week’s 
events at UCR, but compared the recent police 
response to the baton and pepper spray incidents 
that occurred at UC Berkeley on Nov. 10 and UC 
Davis on Nov. 18.

“It follows close on the heels of two previous 
incidents [and] demonstrations at Berkeley, where 
again you saw police officers jabbing students 
with batons, grabbing protesters — students and 

academic staff — by the hair and throwing them to 
the ground,” Thorpe said.

Thorpe said he did not attend the UC Regents 
meeting, but saw news and video coverage of the 
protest.

“You just see this massive police presence,” 
Thorpe said. “And you see a kind of paramilitary 
policing, a policing that has become increasingly 
militarized where any act of political expression 
in public is now routinely met with drawn batons 
and various forms of weapons, whether its pepper 
spray, whether its batons or something else.”

Thorpe said the escalation of police response 
to protest demonstrations is increasing around the 
country, such as the use of militarization tactics 
during Occupy Wall Street. 

“This makes a mockery of the first amendment 
where we’re supposed to have the right to free 
speech and free assembly,” Thorpe said. “Without 
freedom of speech, freedom of expression, a 

university cannot function.”
Thorpe said he is concerned that university 

police haven’t changed tactics since the events at 
UC Berkeley and UC Davis and questions the 
university’s intentions to protect its students.

“A university is an environment with an 
atmosphere to encourage freedom and allow 
expression of ideas, even if they’re unpopular,” 
Thorpe said. “This kind of policing is an affront 
to constitutional rights and the very nature of 
the university.” According to a Jan. 20 UCR press 
release, 105 UC police officers were on hand on 
Jan. 18, the first day of the meeting. 

UCR Chief of Police Mike Lane said the crowd 
grew on the second day, requiring 40 officers 
from Riverside Police and 50 deputies from the 
Riverside Sheriff ’s Department to be dispatched to 
the campus. 

Protesters Kenneth Ehrlich, 39, of Los Angeles 

UC REGENTS

Activists claim UCSD 
administrators are 
ignoring demands for 
CLICS to be student-run.

SPOKENSPOKEN SURF REPORT
INSIDE

NIGHT WATCH THURSDAY
Height: 3 ft.

Wind: 6-7 mph
Water Temp: 587 F

FRIDAY
Height: 3-4 ft.
Wind: 3-6 mph

Water Temp: 58 F

SATURDAY
Height: 3-4 ft.
Wind: 4-9 mph 

Water Temp: 58 F

SUNDAY
Height: 2 ft.

Wind: 5-9 mph 
Water Temp: 58 F

LOW

$3.55
ARCO, Imperial Beach
1185 Palm Ave. & 12th St.
HIGH

$4.39
Chevron, Pacific Beach
1575 Garnet Ave. & Ingraham St.

THURSDAY
H 77 L 50

FRIDAY
H 73 L 50

GAS PER GALLONSURF REPORTNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

SATURDAY
H 76 L 46

SUNDAY
H 73 L 44

As Per Usual ..........................2
New Business ........................3
Spin Cycle .............................4
Letters to the Editor ...............5
Dodging the Horizon .............6
Sudoku ..................................9
Sports ..................................12

THURSDAY FRIDAY

The decision-making process 
not only needs to be transparent, 

it also needs to be public in a way that 
people know it’s happening.”

KEVIN QUIROLO
Senior, Thurgood Marshall College

“
SATURDAY SUNDAY

See REGENTS, page 3 See UCSF, page 3

UCSD Faculty Condemn Protest Violence at UCR

OBITUARY

Revelle Freshman 
Commits Suicide at 
UC Irvine
BY LAIRA MARTIN
Associate News Editor

Revelle College 
freshman Andy 
Chau passed away 
just after midnight 
on Jan. 22. The 
UCSD student — 
who was visiting a 
friend at UC Irvine 
for the weekend — jumped to his 
death from the seventh story of the 
Social Sciences Building on the Irvine 
campus. 

“The preliminary determina-
tion is that it was a suicide,” UCI 
Spokesperson Cathy Lawhon said in a 
statement.  Chau was 18 years old.

Readers can contact Laira Martin at 
lmm002@ucsd.edu.

ANDY CHAU

ERIKA JOHNSON/GUARDIAN

EXCLUSIVE EDITION
Pick up your exclusive January edition 
of The Red Bulletin in this issue of the 
Guardian. The Red Bulletin will be 
inserted into 2,000 editions of the 
Guardian each month.

theblakegriffin show

+Jam e s stewart the BaJa 100am erica’s B-Boy

rza’s top 5The Wu-Tang don on the music 
that moves him  BoBBy Brown No, not that one; 

the X Games star

The NBA’s hottest ticket: 
From slam dunks 

to... stand up?

Se
ba

st
ie

n
 L

oe
b 

/ S
te

fa
n

 G
lo

w
ac

z 
/ J

im
 C

ar
re

y 
/ L

ou
ie

 V
ito

 / 
G

on
ja

su
fi 

/ M
ar

ie
-F

ra
nc

e 
R

oy
 / 

M
ar

c 
C

om
a 

/ S
am

m
y 

H
ag

ar

See Blakein ActionGrab our FREE iPad 
App today!

FEBRUARY 2012

A BEYOND THE ORDINARY MAGAZINE

00_0212Cover USA Suppl [P];5.indd   1

14.12.11   15:13

LIAM NEESON DOES NOT FEAR THE WOLVES.
PAGE 7

OPINION
See what 
the Ed Board 
thinks. 
PAGE 4.



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

AS PER USUAL By Dami Lee

BY SARAH KANG
Staff Writer

A UCSD cohort study shows that regardless 
of sexual desire or status of the partner, women 
over the age of 80 are more sexually satisfied than 
younger women. 

A cohort study — an observational study 
that follows a group of people — conducted by 
the UCSD School of Medicine and the Veterans 

Affairs San Diego Healthcare System measured 
the sexual satisfaction of 806 women in the 
age range of 40 to 100. The study analyzed the 
amount of sexual activity, the characteristics and 
details of sexual activity such as health, hormone 
use, demographics, as well as sexual desire, fre-
quency of orgasm, arousal and pain. 

“There were lots of papers about men’s inabil-
ity to have sexual activity when they got old, but 
the papers that were written about women were 
only about women who had an unsatisfactory 
sex life,” Professor and Chief of the Division of 
Epidemiology in the Department of Family and 
Preventive Medicine Elizabeth Barrett-Connor, 
M.D., said.

Barrett-Connor wanted to differentiate her 
study from other medical literature that focused 
on treating women who were sexually unhappy 
or inactive.

“So our cohort is different,” Barrett-Connor 
said. “We didn’t pick them because they were 
unsatisfied. They’re just members of our group 
we’ve been following for a long time, and some 
of them were satisfied, some of them weren’t. We 
wanted to look at a population of women overall.”

The women who participated in the cohort 
study are members of the Rancho Bernardo Study 
cohort, which was formed from a community for 
older people near San Diego that has been stud-
ied for medical research since 1972. 

The cohort consisted of women whose medi-
an age was 67. Out of the 1,303 women who 
were mailed a confidential questionnaire, 806 
answered. One part of the questionnaire asked 
about sexual satisfaction, and the other asked 
about specific areas of sexual satisfaction like 
climax, lubrication and interest in sex. 

The questionnaire results showed that half 
the respondents who reported having an inti-
mate partner had been sexually active in the last 
month. 

While the frequency of sexual activity 
decreased as age increased, the youngest and old-

est women reported the highest frequency of 
sexual satisfaction. About 67 percent of the 
sexually active women achieved orgasm always 
or almost always.

About 40 percent of the women answered 
that they never or rarely felt sexual desire, and 
a third of the sexually active women reported 
low desire. Around half of the women over 80 
reported arousal, lubrication and orgasm but 
rarely reported sexual desire.  

“In contrast with traditional linear model in 
which desire precedes sex, these results suggest 
that women engage in sexual activity for mul-
tiple reasons, which may include affirmation or 
sustenance of a relationship,” Barret-Connor said 
in the Jan. 19 The Times of India article “Older 
women more sexually satisfied.” 

Over half of the women — 61 percent of the 
cohort — answered that they were satisfied with 
their sex life, and that satisfaction increased with 
age. Regardless of the level of sexual desire, about 
half of the women over the age of 80 answered 
that they were almost always or always sexually 
satisfied. 

In addition, women over 80 who were recently 
sexually active experienced sexual satisfaction 
rates comparable to women 55 and younger.

Barrett-Connor plans to expand upon the 
results by looking at the general health of the 
women and determining whether sexual activity 
and satisfaction are correlated to people’s health 
in general. She also plans to research sex hor-
mone levels.

“One paper I want to write about is whether 
or not their sex hormone levels were different,” 
Barrett-Connor said. “They were not measured 
at the same time, but they were measured I think 
a few years before, so that would be interesting. 
There was not more satisfaction in women who 
were taking estrogen than women who were not.”

Readers can contact Sarah Kang at sak019@ucsd.
edu.

Older (and Younger) Women Are More Sexually Satisfied
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

SNIGHDHA PAUL/GUARDIAN

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2011, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
by advertising. The Sound and the Fury hate everyone 
except Ren and Rachel.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: focus@ucsdguardian.org

Leisure: leisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

Marketing Assistant
Christine Alabastro

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Distributor
Amanda Ku

Page Layout
Nathan Toung, Arielle Sallai

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Laira Martin
Nicole Chan

Rebecca Horwitz

Madeline Mann

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Nicholas Howe

Mina Nilchian

Ren Ebel

Andrew Whitworth

Monica Haider
Emily Pham

Andrew Oh

Nolan Thomas

Rebekah Hwang

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Art Editor

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin Development Editor



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY,JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

There is so much love between A.S. Council and the college councils. This week, the 
meeting opened with Sixth College 
Student Council 
presenting A.S. 
Council with 
c r e a m - c h e e s e 
filled cookie 
cups topped with 
orange zest, just to 
show their love.

“I’m not sure 
if there is enough for everyone, 
but they are definitely big enough 
to share!” Sixth College Vice 
President of Internal Affairs and 
Acting President Adrienne Moss 
said. Seems more like a cruel prank 
than council love to me.

Associate Vice President of 
Academic Affairs Mac Zilber 
reported on the status of the “grade 
distribution” tool to be added 
to WebReg. This tool should be 
completely functional by the time 
the spring schedule of classes is out.

Associate Vice President of 
Student Services Leigh Mason 
informed council that the condom 
machines in Price Center should be 
restocked by the end of next week.

With Spirit Night just over 
a week away, Associate Vice 
President of Athletic Relations 
Aurora Lopez tried to rally up 
council to attend.

“If everyone attends, I’ll have a 
treat for everyone on Wednesday of 
Week 5!” she said. After all, bribing 
with food is always an effective, 
reliable method of ensuring high 
attendance rates.

Vice President of External 
Affairs Samer Naji had a 
particularly long weekend, with 
a 6-hour flight delay, a flight 
cancellation and a 14-hour long 
meeting. He threatened to drag 
me to the next one, just so I could 

report on how horrible of an 
experience these meetings can be. 
Don’t hold your breath, Naji.

However, he also reported 
that during 
the Week 
of Action, 
which occurs 
during the 
first week 
of March, 
the regents 
t h e m s e l v e s 

will call for a major UC-wide rally.
“Rumor has it that they are 

trying to shut down the UC system 
and get buses to bring students [to 
Sacramento],” he said.

A.S. President Alyssa Wing was 
excited to announce that the final 
draft of the D-I referendum has 
been written.

“I want to point out what a 
historic moment this is for A.S. as 
well as UCSD,” she said. “This is 
the first referendum that will have 
student oversight. Fifteen million 
dollars will be in our power to check 
and balance.”

This report was followed 
by everyone’s favorite time of 
the meeting, Council Members 
of the Week! Two to be exact: 
Congratulations Muir College 
Senators Elizabeth Garcia and 
Leah Wong!

“This is the best day of my life!” 
Wong said before strutting her stuff 
to the Party Rock Anthem, although 
she disappointingly did not shuffle.

Garcia was out sick today, so the 
second glittery sash went unworn 
Wednesday night.

Vice President of Finance 
and Resources Kevin Hoang 
nominated Pauline Nuth as the 
new Associate Vice President of 
Student Organizations. With no 
objections, she was awarded the 
title. Congratulations!

Council Appoints New AVP 
of  Student Organizations 

New
NATALIE COVATE
ncovate@ucsd.edu

Business

Detailed UCSF Proposal to be Presented at July 2012 UC Regents Meeting

Vice Chancellors Met With Students Regarding Lecture Hall Project

budget, a transaction that Desmond-
Hellmann referred to as a “tax.”

UCSF’s Executive Director of News 
Amy Pyle said that for now, the main 
issue for the university would be get-
ting the regents to allow exploration of 
more autonomous governing options.

“A far bigger concern for our chan-
cellor is getting the regents to consider 
allowing her to have a local governing 
board, which would be more informed 
about issues related to the competi-
tive and rapidly changing worlds of 
healthcare, biotechnology and scien-
tific research,” Pyle said. “This board 
would continue to have some relation-

ship to UC Regents, perhaps including 
regental members.”

According to the UC Office of the 
President, tuition at the graduate-only 
campus comprises only one percent of 
UCSF’s total revenue. The percentage 
is much higher at other campuses — 
11 percent at UCSD and 34 percent at 
UC Santa Barbara. 

UCSF receives the biggest endow-
ment from the National Institutes of 
Health out of all the American public 
institutions and receives the second-
largest endowment overall of all medi-
cal schools.

UCOP Media Specialist Dianne 
Klein said that the president’s office 

had no formal statement in response 
to the initiative but that it would defi-
nitely be given consideration.

“The idea as put forth at the meet-
ing last week deserves a serious look,” 
Klein said. “The chancellor made some 
excellent points. And no successful 
university system rejects new ideas 
out of hand. Innovation, creativity 
and change are the hallmarks of the 
University of California.”

A more detailed proposal on the 
matter will be presented at the July 
2012 UC Regents meeting.

Readers can contact Zev Hurwitz at 
zhurwitz@ucsd.edu.

the administration and the greater stu-
dent body during the development of 
the Galbraith Hall project. Wing and 
Kaushik were not present at either 
meeting. 

“Further construction doesn’t 
directly benefit students,” Aronson 
said. “What we want to do with the 
space goes beyond having an empty 
room with seats…we need a space 
for a community and student involve-
ment.”    

Both Aronson and Quirolo said 
that the Jan. 10 meeting, which invited 
student input on CLICS reopening, 
failed to give proper notice to students 
who could have attended and voiced 
their opinions to the Vice Chancellors. 

According to Quirolo, Assistant 
Vice Chancellor Barbra Sawry emailed 
a number of individuals involved with 
the CLICS reclamation to attend the 
Jan. 10 meeting. Sawry emailed stu-
dents Jan. 9, giving students less than 
24-hours notice, Quirolo said. 

Quirolo confirms that most of 
those emailed were unable to attend. 

“The decision-making process not 
only needs to be transparent, it also 
needs to be public in a way that people 
know it’s happening,” Quirolo said. 
“[Right now]...decisions are not aired 
in a democratic form or passed by the 
academic senate...or not passed by the 
student body at large.”

Readers can contact Aimly 
Sirisarnsombat at tsirisar@ucsd.edu.

and Humberto Rivera, 25, of Corona 
were arrested and booked on 
suspicion of felony assault on a police 
officer.

Nine UC police officers suffered 
minor injuries, involving bruises, cuts 
and scratches, according to the press 
release.  

In “Aggression of the few 
overpowers message of the many,” 
published Jan. 24 in the UCR student 
newspaper Highlander, the editorial 

board criticized protesters’ use of steel 
barricades to block police on campus 
and expressed satisfaction with police 
conduct at the protest.

“None of the force that police 
exerted against protesters on 
Thursday could realistically be called 
‘police brutality,’ at least not to the 
extent of what was witnessed at 
Berkeley or Davis,” the editorial board 
wrote. “The authorities used extreme 
caution in judging where and how 
force ought to be used, and they only 

resorted to it when it was a necessary 
recourse to student action. Clearly, 
officers learned their lesson from the 
Davis and Berkeley protests; they 
remained calculated and composed 
throughout the day.”

The UC Regents announced plans 
Jan. 18 to rally alongside students, 
faculty and staff members at the state 
capitol this May. 

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at 
n3chan@ucsd.edu.

Two Protesters Arrested and Nine UC Police Officers Injured at UCR Protest

▶ CLICS, from page 1

▶ REGENTS, from page 1

▶ UCSF, from page 1



OPINION
MADELINE MANN
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

The Republican presidential primaries have recently taken another turn for the 
interesting. Forget Herman Cain and 
his pizza parlor, or Michele Bachmann 
and her crazy eyes — ever since he 

won the South Carolina primaries, it’s 
been all about Newt Gingrich. 

Currently the only viable 
challenger for long-time frontrunner 
Mitt Romney, Gingrich has found 
his second wind. Gingrich took the 
South Carolina primaries by storm, 
trumping Romney by nearly 10 
percentage points. 

It’s not just because South 
Carolina is a notoriously conservative 
state — Gingrich even won among 
Independents, taking Romney 31 to 
25 percent. Gingrich also handily won 
the conservative vote, the male vote, 
the female vote and even the slightly 
liberal vote (by the tiniest margin). 

The impact of Gingrich’s win 
is frightening. This marks the first 
presidential nomination race to 
have different winners in each of the 
primaries (Santorum actually edged 
Romney out in Iowa). And most 
horrifyingly of all, every Republican 
presidential candidate who has taken 
South Carolina since 1980 has gone 
on to win the nomination. 

The simple truth is that the 
Republican Party no longer considers 
Romney to be the only candidate with 
a shot at beating Obama. For the year-
long nomination race, that seems to 
be the only real requisite for running.

A fundamental problem with 
the Republican race is the fact that 
the current main goal — seemingly 
the only goal — is to beat Obama. 
Another problem is the fact that the 
party never coalesced behind its most 
viable candidate, Romney. Instead, 
they sampled each of the candidates, 
finding Bachmann’s 15 minutes of 
fame too crazy, Perry’s too half-witted, 
Cain’s too unbelievable. Now all that’s 
left is to find out what exactly makes 
Gingrich so… distasteful.  

His recent South Carolina win 
aside, Gingrich still has three decades 
of old political ornery that Americans 
still find unelectable. A recent Fox 
News poll, conducted on Jan. 12 
to Jan. 14 of the entire electorate, 
gauged that 56 percent viewed him 
unfavorably, while only 27 percent 
favored him. It’s not made any better 
by the fact that in the same poll, 
51 percent of the electorate viewed 
President Obama favorably, while 46 
percent did not. Nearly the exact same 
numbers went for Romney. 

Gingrich has been all over the 
place this campaign, but one thing 
has been consistent: his unpopularity. 
Similar polls, conducted by CNN, 
have found nearly identical levels 
of strong dislike for the candidate, a 
trend that the TalkingPointsMemo 
website discovered to date back two to 
three years. 

Now, with the Florida primaries up 
ahead, it is only a matter of time until 
we see whether Gingrich’s political 
reputation catches up to him and takes 
the second wind out of his sails.

The Clock is 
Ticking on 
Newt Gingrich’s 
Presidency 

Spin 
        Cycle

MARGARET YAU
        Cycle

m1yau@ucsd.edu

UC San Francisco has always been the odd one out in the 10-campus UC education system — but it’s hardly a bad thing. The 
university, in addition to being the only campus to 
focus solely on graduate and professional studies, 
is also the only UC campus that doesn’t depend 
on student tuition to keep itself financially afloat. 
In fact, our medical school to the north has the 
distinction of being able to support itself almost 
fully from government and private grants. In just 
2010, UCSF received $532 million in funding from 
the National Institutes of Health.  

So it comes as no surprise that UCSF, currently 
living the pipe dream of less-financially stable 
UC campuses (read: all of the rest of us), wants 
to secede. UCSF Chancellor Susan Desmond-
Hellman announced the university’s intent to leave 
the UC system at the Jan. 19 UC Board of Regents 
meeting. Under her proposal, the medical school 
and research facilities will simply be less linked to 
the other UC campuses. Desmond-Hellman cited 
UC Hastings and Lawrence Berkeley National Labs 
as models for how UCSF would run. Hastings and 
the Labs both have pension contracts with the 
UC system and are tied to the UC Regents, but 

maintain a certain level of autonomy while being 
managed by their own boards of trustees and most 
importantly, aren’t shackled into pumping funds 
into the UC system. 

The motives behind Desmond-Hellman’s 
announcement are understandable given that the 
UC system has been forced to absorb $750 million 
in state funding cuts just this year. UCSF is looking 
out for its own best interests — that is, not paying 
$49 million a year into the UC system’s $4 billion 
budget just to keep the system afloat. UCSF doesn’t 
need the rest of the UC system to survive, so it’s no 
wonder that Desmond-Hellman considers UCSF’s 
contribution a tax.

UCSF’s proposed plan seems financially sound. 
Instead of answering to the regents, the school 
would have a board of trustees, staffed with doctors 
and biomedical experts, to focus on the school’s 
specialty. This break will also allow the university 
to focus on attracting the best medical students, 
something UCSF officials claim they have troubles 
with due to the fiscal troubles of the UC system. 

And it’s best that they cut loose sooner rather 
than later; Desmond-Hellman predicts that if 
the university continues with its expenditures 

(pensions and the new medical center in Mission 
Bay) until 2015, the school will start losing money. 
As a financially-minded institution, UCSF clearly 
doesn’t want to be saddled with the overwhelming 
debt of the UC system — a system that contributes 
5 percent of its annual budget. 

UCSF doesn’t want to call this a secession, 
but on paper, it essentially is one. While the exact 
impacts of UCSF’s departure are unclear (UC 
President Mark G. Yudof refused to comment), 
it will still be significant. Once UCSF leaves the 
system, it will no longer have to share its profits 
with the UC system and its much-needed financial 
contributions will be gone. Without knowing 
exactly how these changes will impact the rest of 
the UC system, it is difficult to take a definitive 
stance on this issue. 

The UC Regents will reconsider the issue of 
UCSF’s departure at their next meeting in July. 
Until then, it is important to understand that UCSF 
desires to break from the financially-unsound UC 
system because it is only keeping the university 
from moving forward. Their intentions are obvious, 
but only time will tell how they will affect the UC 
system.

UCSF Has Good Reason to Secede from System, But Impact is Unknown

Fall Quarter’s finals week went down in history as UCSD students broke into and successfully reclaimed what was formerly the Center for 
Library & Instructional Computing Services. The 
space was run by students during the week of finals, 
and has been run by a collective group of students 
for the past three weeks, according to Patrick Saris, 
a member of the group of students who originally 
reclaimed and are currently running the space.

The benefits of holding CLICS as a student-run 
venue is that it would strictly be for studying, while 
forfeiting control to administration would mean 
students relinquishing their power over the space. 
However, when it comes down to it, students are 
here to get an education, not to run facilities.  If 
the administration can run CLICS while effectively 
catering to student needs, then undergraduates will 
have succeeded in their mission. Students should 
therefore focus on getting administration on board 
with a CLICS study space, rather than ideally self-
running the library which could lead to issues with 
reliability and practicality.

Recently, there have been several proposals 
regarding the fate of the space. Muir College Council 
Chair Jessie Rosales was in charge of a task-force 
committee last spring aimed at keeping the area as a 
student study space. Last May, Rosales proposed to 
keep CLICS open with a temporary $8-per-quarter 

increase in student fees. The referendum, however, 
was shot down by A.S. Council at the end of last 
spring, leading to the dissolution of the task force. 
The committee also brought up the idea of having 
students self-run the space in a similar fashion to a 
co-op, but the idea never became an actual proposal. 
A third option posed by the task force was to rent the 
space out to a private company, such as the Princeton 
Review, but this would mean taking away a space 
that was formerly for the students. 

It is important for students to have a say in 
matters that affect them, but running an entire 
library is best left to administration. If students 
were to run the space, they would have to account 
for maintenance and security, not to mention the 
issue of self-government. Students, by virtue of their 
occupation of learning and enrichment, simply don’t 
have the time to take on full-time positions. It costs 
approximately $370,000 per year to keep CLICS open 
without computers — a huge undertaking for even 
the most devoted students. Furthermore, input from 
Academic Affairs would be needed to review budgets 
and allocate funds. It lies in the best interests of the 
students — and their education — to leave the space 
under university control.

But the students who have taken initiative to run 
CLICS have had a rough time getting what they need 

Bringing CLICS Back 
UCSD coalitions are pushing for a student-run CLICS — a demand that may be too 

ambitious for busy students without administrative assistance.

EDITORIALS

Angela Chen
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

MANAGING EDITORS

Madeline Mann
OPINION EDITOR

Hilary Lee
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at 
the University of California at San Diego. Contents 

© 2011. Views expressed herein represent the 
majority vote of the editorial board and are not 

necessarily those of the UC Board of Regents, the 
ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

 ILLUSTRATION BYJEFFREY LAU/GUARDIAN

See CLICS, page 5



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

Dear Editor,
When the UC Board of Regents 

met at UC Riverside last Thursday 
Jan. 19, police officers engaged in 
violence against students and staff 
members who had gathered to 
protest. News reports and video 
footage document officers jabbing 
protesters with batons and firing 
projectiles. This follows outcry 
within the UC community, across 
the United States and internationally 
about police violence toward 
protesters at UC Berkeley on Nov. 
9 and UC Davis on Nov. 18. We, 
the undersigned faculty of UCSD, 
believe that the use of violence 
against students and staff exercising 
their right to peaceful protest is 
entirely unacceptable. Such use of 
force by police against peaceful 
protesters runs directly counter 
to values of reason, dialogue and 
free expression that are basic to the 
very idea of the university as an 
institution. We therefore call on the 
UC Regents to publicly condemn 
the use of violent tactics in the 
policing of campus protest. 

—Prof. Charles Thorpe
Department of Sociology

—Prof. Morana Alac
Department of Communication

—Prof. Lisa Cartwright
Department of Communication

—Prof. Ivan Evans
Department of Sociology

—Prof. Martha Lampland
Department of Sociology

—Prof. Chandra Mukerji
Department of Communication

Full list of signatures at ucsdfa.org

Dear Editor,
UCSD Guardian staff writer 

Ayan Kusari criticizes the fact 
that the Microsoft “Avoid the 
Ghetto” app focuses solely on street 
crime, biasing it in favor of better-
off neighborhoods despite the 
presence of crime there too.

This is pedestrian routing — of 
course it should concentrate on 
street crime. Would you rather 
walk through an area with a 
high level of armed robberies, or 
another with an even higher level 
of embezzlement, price-fixing and 
people making illegal deposits into 
their offshore accounts?

—Jim Gottieb
Resident, Pacific BeachCoalitions Request Redirection of Funds to CLICS  

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

Riverside Violence 
Was Unnecessary 

from administration. Saris states that they made three 
demands: that they be given access to the keys to the space, 
that chairs be returned and that the space be renovated. 
None of these demands have been fully met. The students 
who are currently running the space have had difficulty 
unlocking doors due to a lack of resources, and some but 
not all of the chairs were returned. 

If students forfeit their oversight of the space, 
administration should still take their demands into 
account. The Student Affirmative Action Committee, 
Public Education Coalition and Reclaim UCSD coalitions 
submitted a demand on Dec. 5, 2011 that CLICS be taken 
out of the hands of Executive Vice-Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs and into the jurisdiction of the students. They 
demanded that administration prioritizes education by 
using funds to keep the library open, instead of channeling 
funds into non-academic activities such as the Founders’ 
Day celebration and the building of the “Fallen Star” art 

piece atop the Jacob’s School of Engineering.  Moreover, 
according to Thurgood Marshall College senior Kevin 
Quirolo, the administration committed another offense 
when it announced its decision to re-open CLICS as 
“Galbraith Hall” as a study space for students on Jan. 6 
without first consulting A.S. President Alyssa Wing. In 
doing this, administration again failed to show that it 
considers students demands seriously in decisions that 
affect the future of UCSD facilities. 

Now that students have shown what they want, it is 
up to the university to provide the resources to make 
CLICS a reality. In the end, whether CLICS becomes a 
student- or university- run study space is a moot point, as 
administration has already decided to turn the space into a 
lecture hall. Yet, this is still a clear example of the problem 
of administration not catering to student demands. Students 
should get a say in decisions that affect them, but they 
simply do not have the time or expertise to run campus 
facilities on their own.

▶ CLICS, from page 4

IN OTHER NEWS By Rebekah Hwang

No One Avoids White 
Collar Crime on GPS

OPINION
APPLY TODAY.  APPLICATIONS AT UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/JOBS 



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

hiatus
REN EBEL
hiatus@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

arts&entertainment

Invisible 
Artists 
Behind the
Web
There are a lot of great things about the Internet. There’s the increased connectivity to those who might 
be very far away. There’s the ability to stay 
up to date with the latest news. There’s 

Wikipedia. Google. Free music (at least, 
for now). Videos of cats. Even better: 
videos of puppies. 

With the Internet, there’s no reason 
to ever go to a normal store when you 
can order anything on Amazon or eBay. 
There’s no reason to buy a newspaper, 
since Twitter can tell you everything you 
need to know. You can even meet some-
one, fall in love and break up without ever 
leaving your desk. 

But for the most part, when people 
talk about the Internet they talk about its 
ability to destroy other media industries. 
Anyone who’s following SOPA and PIPA 
through Congress can tell you it’s clear 
that these other media industries (the 
Motion Picture Association of America 
and the Recording Industry Association 
of America) feel threatened by a free and 
open Internet.

But there’s yet another danger posed 
by the Internet, and it doesn’t just threat-
en greedy corporations, but art itself. 

I think memes are destroying music. 
Not the music industry (thankfully, that’s 
already dead), but the way we appreciate 
the actual art form.

Let me break down the obvious first: 
Memes are Internet videos or images 
passed on from one user to another. 
Unlike traditional media, the actual cre-
ator of a meme is irrelevant; what’s truly 
important is the sheer spreadability. The 
meme reaches so many people that the 
original source loses all meaning. Just 
look at the latest batch of viral media: 
“Feminist Ryan Gosling,” “Shit Girls Say,” 
planking. We all know the basic premises 
— Ryan Gosling seducing women with 
feminist theory, the inane things girls 
find themselves saying, lying face down 
in an unusual location — but we no lon-
ger care where they come from. It makes 
no difference whether it’s from a celeb-
rity or an anonymous commenter — on 
Reddit, 4Chan and Tumblr, all posts are 
created equal.

Apart from being annoying, these 
types of memes aren’t concerning. 
They’re mostly brainless, require little to 
no creativity and fade away just as soon 
as they emerge, but they’re a triumphant 
example of the copyright-busting, free-
for-all landscape of the web, and that’s 
something I can get behind. But there’s 
a difference between overthrowing the 
concept of ownership and completely 
eliminating the artistic identity.  

In essence, music and meme are 
becoming synonymous, so that artists 
are uploading their content, going viral 
and then virtually disappearing from the 
discourse surrounding their work. 

Just look at the controversy surround-
ing an artist like Lana Del Rey. After Del 
Rey’s homemade “Video Games” music 
video emerged on the web, questions of 
the singer’s authenticity immediately fol-
lowed. The trouble is, Del Rey touts an 
“indie” aesthetic — vintage style, Lolita 
sex appeal, a taste for PBR and the men 
who drink it — but a few years ago she 
was a much plainer, “mainstream” song-

ARIELLE SALLAI

asallai@ucsd.edu

   Dodging the      
Horizon
   Dodging the   Dodging the            

MOVIE REVIEW

Keyhole Kid
Oscar-nominated adaptation leads 
a teary-eyed scavenger hunt. 
Hayley Bisceglia-Martin • 
Senior Staff  Writer

For many, the attack on the World Trade Center was a major collective loss to the country, just as much as the victims 
were individual losses to their loved ones. 
It’s then not completely unsurprising that 
we’d get a film like “Extremely Loud and 
Incredibly Close,” which focuses on personal 
loss amidst the parallel national loss of 9/11. 

But “Extremely Loud” does something 
unexpected with its premise: It takes the overwhelming tragedy and 
loads it with a giant spoonful of whimsy, pushing a precocious kid to 
the center and leaving 9/11 as a plot detail.

The film, based on the novel “Everything is Illuminated” by 
Jonathan Safran-Foer, is narrated by 11-year-old Oskar Schell 
(Thomas Horn). Oskar is very likely autistic   — test results were 
“inconclusive”   — and his father (Tom Hanks) uses elaborate trea-
sure hunts to both connect with him and force him to interact with 

EXTREMELY LOUD 
AND INCREDIBLY 
CLOSE 
Starring: Tom Hanks
& Sandra Bullock
129 min.
Rated PG-13
B-

See LOUD page 8

PLAY REVIEW

WHEN YOU 
NEED A HAND

Since he began his career in the mid-’90s, Irish playwright Martin McDonagh has steadily built a reputation as a sort of 
Quentin Tarantino of the theater world, his 
scripts brimming with electrifying violence, 
dark humor, interweaving character arcs and a 
whole lot of political incorrectness. 

His latest play delivers all that and a brief-
case of disembodied hands.

“A Behanding in Spokane” opens in a 
seedy Midwest hotel room — an apt choice 

for McDonagh’s first venture 
set in the States — and imme-
diately, we are introduced to 
our lovably-disgruntled, pistol-
toting, one-handed antihero, 
Carmichael (Jeffrey Jones). 
Having searched most of his 
adult life for his left hand, 
which was taken from him in 
a violent childhood altercation, 
Carmichael comes to the hotel 
to purchase the hand that two in-over-their-
heads pot dealers (Kelly Iverson and Vimel) 
insist is his own. When, of course, it isn’t, the 
result is a witty and brutal web of stories, lies 
and violence. 

Most of “Behanding”’s charm lies in 
McDonagh’s script, which so expertly plays 
with plot and character conventions to keep the 
action fresh and unpredictable. The ominous 

secret Carmichael’s mother gravely 
says she must keep from the police — 
a trope that would scream “final-act 
drama” anywhere else — is quickly 
revealed to be Carmichael’s porno 
collection, while later, some of the 
play’s most startling moments erupt 
during its most relaxed dialogue. 

McDonagh’s complex characters 
are equally memorable. Carmichael 
veers between cold-blooded maniac, 

overly-concerned son and compassionate con-
versationalist — convincingly unsure which 
persona he truly wants to embrace. All the 
while, his naive quest to be reunited with 
his shriveled, half-a-century-old hand becomes 
increasingly more absurd. 

But the true show stealer is Mike Sears’ 
neurotic, short shorts-sporting Mervyn — the 

“A BEHANDING IN 
SPOKANE” 

When: Through Feb 19

Where: Cygnet Theater

Tickets: $25

Phone:  (619) 337-1525

Online: cygnettheatre.com

See SPOKANE page 7

Lost limbs and vengence
in latest Cygnet play.
By Ren Ebel •
Hiatus Editor

WHEN YOU 
NEED A HAND

See HORIZON page 8



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

CALDER QUARTET
THE LOFT/ JAN 27, 8 P.M. / $5

HIATUS PICKS THE WEEK’S BEST BETS

EXIT STRATEGY
LIKE THERE’S NO 
TOMORROW
THE LOFT
JAN 26, 7:30 P.M.

FREE

“IS AMERICA IRRELEVANT?”
SOCIAL SCIENCES BUILDING
JAN 26, 3:30 P.M. 
FREE

THE GLASS MENAGERIE
MANDELL WEISS FORUM
JAN 27, 8 P.M. 
$10

JAZZ GONE GLOBAL
CONRAD PREBYS CONCERT 
HALL
JAN 29, 3 P.M. 
$10

BOARD & BREW
THE LOFT
JAN 31, 6 P.M. 
FREE

BLACK GIRL PROBLEMS
LGBT RESOURCE CENTER
FEB 1, 8 A.M.
FREE

TWIN SISTER
PORTER’S PUB
FEB 1, 7:30 P.M. 
FREE

SOCIAL SCIENCES SUPPER 
CLUB
FACULTY CLUB
FEB 1, 5:30 P.M. 
$4O

DRUTHERS 

THIS WEEK ON CAMPUS

Though the Calder Quartet are no strangers to The Loft, you shouldn’t 
miss an opportunity to witness their avant-classical mastery this Friday, 
when the quartet will be performing a new, specially-commissioned 
piece by composer Jacob Cooper. The work is inspired by “The Mercy 
Seat” by Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds and is allegedly “ecstatically har-
rowing.” An evening not to miss! (AW)

NADA SURF & THE SOFT PACK
4TH & B / JAN 28, 8 P.M. / $20

New York-based Nada Surf has been making smooth, low-key folk rock 
since 1996, and this Saturday they’ll be at San Diego’s 4th & B. Accompany-
ing them is San Diego’s rowdiest group of garage rockers, The Soft Pack. 
As many San Diego natives know, a set by The Soft Pack is almost guaran-
teed to be an action-packed good time. (AW)

DALE EARNHARDT JR. JR.
SODA BAR / FEB 1, 8:30 P.M. / $16

Their name may be exceptionally silly, but Detroit duo Dale Earnhardt 
Jr. Jr. mean business. Pairing their infectious blend of synth-pop with a 
fun-filled, danceable live show, their set at Soda Bar promises a good time. 
Openers Tourism will also perform. (AW)

ALBUM REVIEWS

Looking at its cover art, with its flaming skull, crying aliens and cartoonish Japanese and 
Cyrillic characters, you might be 
tricked into thinking Visions is a 
black metal album, or perhaps the 
scariest variant of J-Pop ever record-
ed. (That latter observation wouldn’t 
be too far off, but more on that later). 
You’d be wrong though: Grimes’ 

Claire Boucher makes highly melod-
ic, intricately produced electronic 
pop music, and Visions is undoubt-
edly her strongest offering yet. 
             The most immediately striking 
aspect of Visions is Boucher’s voice. 
From the ethereal, Enya-esque vocal 
lines on “Genesis” to the dramatic 
hymn-like “Skin,” Boucher’s singing 
provides each song on the album with 
a sense of fragility and urgency. This 
effect is rendered particularly stun-
ning by the way she processes vocal 
tracks, creating lush layers of reverb-
laden voice that float disorienting-
ly through Visions’ thirteen tracks. 
Much has been written about the 
influence of world music on Grimes’ 
compositions, and indeed, tracks like 
“Visiting Statue” possess a strange 
melodic character more reminiscent 

of Asian pop music than anything else. 
              Though perhaps not as imme-
diately arresting, Grimes’ sense of 
production is just as accomplished 
as her voice, and throughout the 
album she manages to evoke a great 
variety of emotions with a limited 
palate, working almost exclusively 
with tinny synthesizers and distorted 
drum machines. On tracks like the 
highlight “Be a Body,” with its sleek 
nocturnal bounce, or the awesome 
video-game sampling “Oblivion,” 
Grimes proves to be a capable musi-
cian, and one who refuses to let tex-
tural limitations interfere with her 
broad aesthetic vision. 

— Andrew Whitworth
ASSOCIATE HIATUS EDITOR

Experimental songstress crafts freaky pop grooves.

The Banshee Beat

Grimes
Visions
ARBUTUS

8
10

A little over a decade into his groundbreaking career, British MC Wiley has released so 
much music that it’s difficult to imagine 
how he keeps track of it all. His ninth 
studio album Evolve or Be Extinct is his 
third in the last seven months, a period 
when he also released an instrumental 
EP as well as a baffling 203 unreleased 

songs via his Twitter page last July. 
           By no means a complete return to 
the ferocity of his early underground 
productions, Evolve represents Wiley’s 
most sincere attempt in years to return 
to the roots of the east London grime 
sound he pioneered during the early 
2000s. Opener “Welcome To Zion,” 
for example, features a skeletal beat of 
alarming synth stabs that are certain to 
make fans of early UK grime nostalgic, 
while “Link Up” and “Scar” see him 
engage in rapid yet measured spitting 
over atmospheric, ice-cold rhythms.

Wiley’s ambition and insatiable 
desire to experiment continues to pose 
difficulties, however. The artist him-
self admits on the particularly sparse, 
sincere “This Is Just An Album”: “It’s 
crazy making an album that you want 
to connect to so many people.” As a 

result, the record features ill-advised 
forays into electro, chart-friendly 
house and piano-led introspection 
that sounds average at best and often 
comes off as lazy and hollow.

Wiley clearly has a lot to get off his 
chest (just see this record’s eccentric 
and hilarious skits on immigration 
and the pains of ordering a taxi), but 
at over 70 minutes, Evolve is ulti-
mately stretched too thin and, like 
many Wiley records, could do with 
streamlining to highlight its many fine 
moments. Such a drawback is frus-
trating, although this ambitious and 
eclectic MC is probably already too 
busy working on his next project to let 
it bother him all that much.

 — Piers Barber
CONTRIBUTING WRITER

Wiley’s introspection marred by ambitious, eclectic mess. 
Dear Diary

Wiley
Evolve Or Be Extinct
BIG DADA SOUND

5
10

MOVIE REVIEW

Punching Wolves
Neeson is cooler than ever in arctic action flick.
Rusteen Honardoost • Staff  Writer

Liam Neeson is a bad-ass again, although this time he’s not stylishly taking down a crime syndicate — he’s fighting a much more brutal enemy, the Alaskan wil-
derness. But “The Grey” isn’t your 
dad’s shallow survival thriller; it’s 
a devastating and surprisingly 
fluid piece of fiction for those 
wishing “Man vs. Wild” had a 
little more emotional punch. 

As a part of an oil drilling 
team populated by “ex-cons, drifters and assholes,” Neeson’s 
Ottway is the seemingly honorable man hired to protect 
dishonorable people from native Alaskan Grey Wolves. But 
when the team’s plane comes crashing down, there is little 
Ottway can do to protect his fellow survivors from their 
seemingly inevitable fate. When an unpredictable threat 
reveals itself in the form of dozens of glowing eyes piercing 
through the darkness, Ottway and the wacky bunch of sur-
vivors make a beeline to the nearest tree line in hopes of 
evading the predators. 

With quick, close and handheld shots, “The Grey” keeps 
us locked in the minds of the survivors. But whether they’re 
dreaming peacefully or being disrupted by the bellowing 
crash of their plane hitting the Alaskan wasteland, director 
Joe Carnahan (“The A-Team,” “Smokin’ Aces”) makes the 
emotional state of Neeson’s grizzled Ottway the real battle 
for survival. 

Like a reverse “Jaws,” what makes the wolves terrifying 
is how visible and pervasive they are. They aren’t afraid to 
make their presence known, for seemingly no reason other 
than to scare the shit out of the survivors. But once these 
beasts show their fangs, they seem to lose their bite. Early 
wolf attacks are simple, cheap jump gags, appearing out of 
nowhere and disappearing just as quickly. Combined with 
the aggressively close camerawork and shaky aesthetic, these 
attacks are little more than close-ups of jaws on indistin-
guishable flesh — a practice that loses its impact the more 
it is repeated.

THE GREY
Starring: Liam Neeson
& Dermot Mulroney 
117 min.
Rated R
B

‘Behanding’’s Excellent Cast 
Stands Up to McDonagh’s Script

See GREY page 8

prying hotel receptionist whose 
own love for real-life drama pre-
vents him from interfering with 
Carmichael’s full-blown hostage 
situation. 

The set design is eerily sparse 
and dingy — a perfect compliment 
to the Cygnet’s claustrophobic inte-
rior — making the sudden spillage 
of a certain aforementioned brief-
case’s contents that much more 
visually outrageous. 

In fact, “Behanding” only falls 
short when placed beside the 
rest of McDonagh’s stellar body 
of work. Though the characters 
are unconventional and the plot is 
air-tight, as a whole the produc-
tion doesn’t approach the sheer 
scope of his dense and thrilling 
“Pillowman” and is devoid of 
the gut-busting one-liners of “In 
Bruges” — a mark that can perhaps 
be attributed to the fact that, for 
the first time, McDonagh’s char-

acters are speaking without their 
irresistible Irish brogue. 

Also somewhat disappointing 
are the play’s final minutes, which 
essentially recycle the flawless last 
scene of McDonagh’s Academy 
Award-winning short film “Six 
Shooter” — the glimpse of a bud-
ding formula that might leave 
fans nervous about McDonagh’s 
already highly-anticipated upcom-
ing musical being co-written by 
avant blues legend Tom Waits. 

But for those unfamiliar with 
McDonagh’s work, or simply 
yearning for a theatrical experi-
ence you don’t have to drag your 
grandmother to, “A Behanding in 
Spokane” delivers on nearly every 
enjoyable level — a landmark in 
the career of one of modern the-
ater’s most uniquely twisted minds.

▶ SPOKANE from page 6



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

But as soon as “The Grey” moves away from 
jump scares and CGI puppies, it really hits the 
mark. Instead of relying solely on Neeson’s dra-
matic stature, Carnahan gives us just enough 
backstory to make Ottway more engaging. Quick 
asides to Ottway’s childhood and mysterious lover 
never derail the movie, and instead take us out of 
the cold as Ottway and the audience retreat into 
the warmth of memory. These moments give “The 
Grey” a poetic underlining, as if the circle of life 
is being presented to us without a happy Disney 
song to lighten the mood. Not many survival 
thrillers make such grand statements of man.

We may never really connect with some of the 
supporting characters, who disappear before we 
learn their names, but we get a sense of their group 
as a pack — not unlike the wolf hierarchy hunting 
them down. 

As usual, watching Neeson attempt to conquer 
the elements makes for a riveting experience, 
and the film hits its peaks when it lets Neeson be 
Neeson. But even discounting the charismatic lead 
actor, “The Grey” is a brutal film that highlights 
the best of nature at its most fearsome and its most 
beautiful.

‘Extremeley Loud’ Revels in Schmaltz
the outside world. When his father dies in the 
World Trade Center on 9/11, leaving Oskar and 
his grieving mother (Sandra Bullock) behind, 
Oskar is desperate for a way to keep his father’s 
memory close.

He finds his answer in a key, wrapped in an 
envelope that has only the word “Black” written 
on the front. He immediately sets out across 
New York City, visiting every single “Black” 
family in the five boroughs, bent on finding the 
lock to fit the key. Along the way he picks up the 
mysterious, silent “Renter” (Max Von Sydow) as 
a companion, who communicates through the 
“yes” and “no” tattoos on his hands.

The magic of “Extremely Loud”  lies in its 
characters, not its plot. Rejecting the “everyman” 
perspective of post-9/11 survival in favor of 
Oskar’s peculiar viewpoint helps the film from 
feeling too cloying; his reactions are uniquely 
his, not an attempt at universal catharsis — 
though it makes the inclusion of the attack seem 
slightly irrelevant. Plus, spending the bulk of 
the film following Oskar around, his hyper-
intelligent preciousness and constant internal 
monologue begin to grate.

Oskar aside, the star-studded cast manages 
to flesh out their less central roles and give depth 
to a movie that, without strong performances, 
would have little else. Bullock as the heartbro-
ken widow, desperate to connect with her son 
but clueless as to how, provides the backbone for 
the film — even if her character never actually 
interacts with him outside the apartment. 

The “Renter” could be a gimmicky role, but 
Sydow lends it a gravitas that brings it back to 
sincerity, while Hank’s benevolent father figure 
(shown only through flashbacks) shines, and his 
absence in Oskar’s life is keenly felt. Viola Davies 
(“The Help”) also makes a brief but compelling 
cameo as one of the 472 “Black”s that Oskar 
meets, shining a light into the other personal 
tragedies of the film. 

However, Oskar’s journey too-often feels 
manufactured. You never believe that this key 
has any real meaning, so the driving force 
behind these characters never quite inspires 
any kind of suspense or emotional investment. 
Instead, it’s the moments outside the journey 

that bring out the best in the film. The interac-
tions between mother and son, for example, as 
they attempt to reconnect and put their family 
back together around a father-shaped hole, are 
the hardest to watch without tearing up.

To screenwriter Eric Roch’s (“Forrest 
Gump”) credit, the movie does a commendable 
job of streamlining the novel’s plot   — merg-
ing characters, eliminating whole story arcs, 
simplifying Oskar’s journey   — which makes 
for less complex but more emotionally-raw 
storytelling with a bigger payoff. By filtering out 
a lot of Safran-Foer’s background noise, Roch 
turned an experimental fiction into a cohesive 
screenplay (albeit one with several unanswered 
questions; the Renter’s backstory, though thor-
oughly explored in the novel, is a casualty, and 
without an explanation his silence comes off as 
a bit contrived).

Ultimately, the journey in “Extremely Loud 
and Incredibly Close” is an uninspiring one. In 
fact, it’s so uninspiring that the oldest cliché in 
the book doesn’t even get it right: It’s neither the 
journey nor the destination that matters — it’s 
just the compelling cast of characters.

Survival Movie Packs Emotional Punch
▶ GREY from page 7

Del Rey’s Aspirations Lost in Memeville
writer trying to make it in the music biz. 

And so the Internet reacted — on Twitter, on YouTube, on the all-too-self-aware blog Hipster 
Runoff, which has literally rebranded itself as “the Lana Del Rey Report.” Her abnormally large, col-
lagen lips were planted on other people (à la “Chicks With Steve Buscemi Eyes”), her nervous SNL 
performance was disseminated and judged by all and people seemed to forget to talk about the actual 
music (which is not very good, but that’s irrelevant). 

Through all this, you’re left wondering, “Is there anything to Lana Del Rey but a few jokes on the 
web and really distracting lips?”

That question, oddly enough, reminds me of the brilliant showstopper “Man Or Muppet” in last 
year’s “The Muppets.” Jason Segel’s character sings, “I reflect on my reflection and ask myself the ques-
tion / what’s the right direction to go? / I don’t know / Am I a man or am I a muppet? / If I’m a muppet 
then I’m a very manly muppet.” I imagine Lana Del Rey is asking herself something rather similar. Is 
she a meme or an artist? And if she’s an artist, then she’s a very meme-y artist. 

At this point, it’s impossible to separate the two, which is a dismal prospect for aspiring musicians. 
The Internet can pick you up and drop you at cyber speed, and by the time you’re done, you’ll be 
remembered in a GIF you never created, rather than the song that you did. 

Somewhere, Rebecca Black is nodding in agreement. 

▶ HORIZON from page 6

▶ LOUD from page 6



9 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  T H U R S DAY,  J A N UA R Y  26,  2012 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in bold borders) contains 
every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

sudoku.
HOUSING

Market Street Square. Located in the heart 
of downtown San Diego this impressive 
apartment community has all of the luxu-
ries you expect and a fabulous location you 
will come to love. We are within walking 
distance of Horton Plaza, Ralphs Grocery 
store, the historic Gas Lamp district and 
the exciting new Pet Co Park Baseball 
Stadium. Come feel the cool ocean breezes 
as you experience the good life at Market 
Street Square! We offer a complimentary 
courtesy patrol service, controlled access 
entry, gated/reserved subterranean park-
ing, sparkling pool with brand new patio 
furniture, Fitness Center, and all the other 
amenities you expect. Reply online to list-
ing ID: 20865981

$1795- 2 master condo - This has it all! 2 
Masters! Single level, gourmet kitchen, FP, 
W/D, A.C. Views, Balcony, Garage, Upscale 
condo complex with great amenities! Pet 
Friendly! Available now. Reply online to 
listing ID: 20699027

$1000- Master Bedroom -Huge master-
bedroom in the beautiful La Jolla Colony 
complex. Apartment has 3 bedrooms: one 
master and two singles. Apartment has 
two bathrooms, but you will have your 
own. You could either double up the room 
or have it on your own, whatever you 
want. The price is great for this room, 
this room is usually $1000. Apartment is 
LITERALLY right across the street from the 
Arriba Shuttle Stop and the MTS bus stop, 
it takes 30 seconds to get to the stops. The 
room is clean and it just got the carpets 
cleaned. It has a huge window as well, so 
plenty of light comes in. The bathroom 
has a vanity section and then a separate 
toilet/shower room. The neighborhood is 
really safe and quite and is right across 
the street from Vons, UPS, iTan, TapX, dry 
cleaners, Los Primos Mexican Grill, two 
cafes, and more. Great for students who 
don’t have a car. You will be sharing the 
apartment with two UCSD students, they 
are easy going and studious. The town-
house has an attached two car garage, 
laundry unit inside, great lighting. We are 
also pet friendly, so if you have a dog or a 
cat you are welcome. Move in date is ASAP 
or February 1st. Deposit is one month’s 
rent. If interested, Reply online to listing 
ID: 20965423

$750- One bedroom with bath in La 
Regencia - Room: Single or a Double avail-
able in La Regencia with a spacious closet 
and own bathroom in 2BR/2bath apart-
ment unit. The room is 17x12 large enough 
to accommodate two people and can be 
seen in the floorplan and pictures below. 
The unit is very private, so you can make 
all the noise you want in your room and 
I won’t even know you are home. Reply 
online to listing ID: 20586341

ROOMMATE 
$800- 1 bedroom in condo - 2 bedroom 
condo in Boardwalk complex right behind 
Rock Bottom. Across the street from St. 
Germains, CVS, and Whole Foods as well as 
countless other restaurants and shopping 
centers. 10 minutes from the beach and 
10 minute walk to UCSD campus! Close 
to shuttle stops and bus routes.Extremely 
central location perfect for a student. 
Boardwalk is in a quiet community with 
great visitor parking, pool, clubhouse, spa 
and tennis courts as well as gated park-
ing. Security guards on duty every night 
and friendly.  About the condo: includes 
a balcony, full kitchen, living room is fur-
nished, in house washer/dryer, dishwasher 
and fireplace.  Reply online to listing ID: 
20134925

$495- single room for rent. Hey everyone! 
I need someone to move in to a single 
room that is for rent at my apartment. 
I am a male, 4th year at UCSD. You can 
move in anytime now and choose to stay 
up till summer session 2 if you need to 
or for however long you plan on staying. 
The rent is $495/month + utilities which 
is about $30. Let me know if you are inter-
ested! Also, the drive is about 8 minutes to 
UCSD. Usually there is no traffic when you 
take Genesse Ave. Reply online to listing 
ID: 20586345

$600- Sublet for furnished Costa Verde 
Loft - Sublet for $600 obo, For the months 
of January to March, or winter quarter.
It is fully furnished costa verde loft. Live 
with 4 other girls.Reply online to listing 
ID: 20586311

FOR SALE
$125- Brand new Apple TV 2 Jailbroken - 
All AppleTV2’s are BRAND NEW. I buy them 
sealed from the Apple Store near me, take 
them home to jailbreak and install the 

software, then ship them out to you. These 
units are guaranteed to have no scratches 
or marks at all when you receive them 
(only taken out of the box to jailbreak). 
($108 after tax from Apple Store)!! Reply 
online to listing ID: 20006937

$2600- ’02 Toyota Tacoma Road 4X - Here 
we have a 2002 Toyota Tacoma Double 

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !

YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com POST FOR FREE AT

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !
O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,
O R  B OT H !

YES YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ CLASSIFIEDS

PEOPLE

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

 STILL READ

mademadeoorrddmadedmadeeert
your vision, our mission.

The Associated Students Store

Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.
to.ucsd.edu/madetoorder.html

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

the
guardian is
hiring!

WRITING | PHOTOGRAPHY | LAYOUT | DESIGN | ADVERTISING

P I C K  U P  A  C O P Y  O N  N E W S  S TA N D S  E V E R Y  M O N D AY  &  T H U R S D AY !

COPY READING ART | ILLUSTRATION | MARKETING | GRAPHICS

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT
ucsdguardian.org/jobs.

read between the lines.

i

QUESTIONS? EMAIL jobs@ucsdguardian.org?

Cab, SR5, TRD-Off Road 4x4 V6 with an 
Automatic transmission with 134k miles. 
For the year this Tacoma is in very good 
overall condition. The Leather interior is 
very clean and free of any smoke smells, 
burns or marks with an exception of a 
small tear on the bottom driver seat, 
papoipapoi17@hotmail.com. Reply online 
to listing ID: 21122886



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

    Coming off No. 7 at last 
year’s NCAA championships, 
the women’s water polo team is 
looking strong. It is currently 
ranked second behind Loyola 
Marymount University in the 
Western Water Polo Association 
conference and No. 15 nationally. 

One of the team’s key All-
Americans in Division II, 

co-player of the year Hanalei 
Crowell, graduated last season. 
This has left a relatively young 
team to be led by the remaining 
All-Americans senior Kirsten 
Bates and sophomore Sarah 
Lizotte.

    Even though the team is 
coming off its best-ever season, 
the Tritons have a lot on their 
plate. Going 18–20 last year 
would be considered subpar by 
most, but their 9–1 conference 
record granted the Tritons 
the second seed in the NCAA 
tournament. Now, UCSD is 
ranked No. 15, the highest the 
team has ever been ranked in the 
national poll. This shows that 
despite losing big-hitter Crowell, 
the team has a good shot at a 
national title down the stretch.    

WOMEN’S WATER POLO

SEASON PREVIEW

Down 4–1 on the aggregate, Mourinho 
switched up his formation to pair Higuain and 
Benzema up top. With Ozil and Ronaldo sitting 
in behind, the pair was able to equalize with 10 
minutes still left to play. But Barcelona kept its 
composure to assure the 4–3 win in the aggregate. 

After Barcelona took a resounding win over 
Ferguson’s Red Devils last season, pundits began 
the debate over how good Barcelona really was, 
how good the team could be and how it would be 
remembered.

Johann Cruyff — the enigmatic, 
temperamental and ultimately brilliant Dutch 
forward-turned-soccer intellectual — argues that 
Barcelona is great not for how much it has won 
(three Champions League titles in the past six 

years), but the way in which the team has done it. 
Cruyff ’s thesis would exclude Real Madrid 

from its definition of greatness — even though 
Madrid has also won three titles between 1997 and 
2002. The odd, yet mesmerizing culmination of 
precision and fluidity of movement in Camp Nou 
is brilliant because it’s so completely different. 

In an era where height, speed and physicality 
are held at a premium over technique and 
creativity, Barcelona dared to play small. And 
miraculously, it worked, it won and it didn’t repel 
fans, where at Camp Nou, applause is at its height 
when Iniesta, Xavi and Busquets send the ball zig-
and-zagging across the pitch.

The contrast between the two squads is 
summed up by their two respective frontmen — 
for Real Madrid, Cristiano Ronaldo; for Barcelona, 

Lionel Messi. 
Ronaldo’s 6’1”, immaculately muscled and 

equipped with a flat-out pace that allows him to 
beat almost any defender in the world. And then 
there’s Messi. Messi, listed a dubious 5’7”, needed 
to take growth hormones as a child, and it always 
seemed like a miracle that he could find his way 
past players who had 50 to 60 pounds on him.

In one way, Messi is an anomaly. But his 
success at Camp Nou may also be signaling a 
fundamental shift in the way that soccer will be, or 
could be played in the future. Who knows if there 
could ever be another Barca, if talent the likes 
of Iniesta, Xavi, Messi steered by a manager like 
Guardiola could ever come together again, but the 
Spanish variation on the Dutch total football has 
already changed the landscape of the sport.  

UCSD Men’s Basketball Looks to Advance to CCAA Conference 
▶ UDA, from page 12

THE UCSD MEN’S AND 
WOMEN’S SWIMMING 
AND DIVING TEAMS 
SWEPT CAL BAPTIST 
UNIVERSITY LAST 
WEEKEND.

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE



TRITONS SWEEP DUAL MEET AT CBU

SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 26,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

BY MARGARET YAU
Managing Editor 

UCSD Swimming and Diving had a big weekend, sweeping its last dual meet against Cal Baptist University 
on Saturday, Jan. 21. Both teams posted big 
wins — the men’s team defeated the Lancers 
with a score of 194.5 to 103.5, and the wom-
en’s team won with a score of 190.0 to 110.0. 
UCSD collected wins in 21 out of 32 events.  
       The men’s team had an especially impressive 
showing, going 1-2-3 in three separate events. 

Senior Eric Owens posted a first-place win 
(1:56.09) in the 200 backstroke, followed by junior 
Paul Guzman in second (1:58.67) and freshman 
Tyler Henry in third (2:00.83). 

In the 200 freestyle, sophomore Alex Merrill 
took first place (1:44.89), followed closely by 
junior Julius Espiritu in second (1:45.78) and 
senior Michael Lorch in third (1:46.07). 

The divers made the final sweep in their 
3-meter dive — junior Tyler Runsten won by a 
huge margin with 335.92 points, sophomore Luke 
Calkins took second (258.67) and freshman Adam 
Springer took third (244.12).

       The women’s team also did well, with 
several individual swimmers winning multi-
ple events. Senior All-American Alex Henley 
topped the field in both the 100 backstroke 
(57.17) and the 500 freestyle (5:00.61).  
       Junior Emily Adamczyk won both breast-

stroke events, winning the 100 with a time of 
1:06.87 and the 200 with a time of 2:23.26. In the 
200, Adamcyzk led the 1-2-3 sweep for UCSD 
— freshman Eva Chen took second (2:28.17) 
and junior Casey Adams took third (2:31.66).  
       Sophomore Anji Shakya also won both of her 
events and led another 1-2-3 sweep. 

Shakya took the 200 freestyle with a time of 
1:55.22 and led the Tritons in sweeping the 200 
backstroke with a time of 2:08.44, with teammates 
sophomore Katherine Anderson in second (1:56.93) 

and senior Natasha Nguyen in third (1:58.24).  
       The Tritons’ next competition will be at the 
Pacific Collegiate Swim and Dive Conference 
Championships, held from Feb. 8-11 at the Splash 
La Mirada Region Aquatic Center in La Mirada, 
Calif. UCSD Swimming and Diving will look 
to snag its fourth consecutive league title before 
heading to the NCAA Championships.

Readers can contact Margaret Yau at m1yau@
ucsd.edu.

BY RACHEL UDA 
Sports Editor

After splitting their back-to-back 
non-conference matches last weekend, 
the Tritons returned to league play 
against No. 2 nationally ranked UC 
Irvine last Saturday, where the Tritons 
fell in straight sets.

On the road, UCSD looked to take 
their eighth program win from the 
Anteaters in 41 meetings. UC Irvine 
entered the match coming off a pair 
of losses to BYU, but the Anteaters 
seemed unfazed in their game against 
the Tritons. 

In the first set, UCSD went point-
for-point with the Anteaters. But with 
the score at 6–7 in favor of the Tritons, 
Irvine’s Dan McDonnel recorded a kill 
followed by two consecutive service 
aces. After McDonnel forced a Triton 
error in the next possession, head 
coach Kevin Ring called a timeout. 

The intercession didn’t break 
Irvine’s momentum as McDonnel 
followed up with another service 
ace. From there, UCSD was unable 
to recover as it dropped the first set 
25–19. The Tritons also fell 25–19 in 
the second set, as their .375 attack 
percentage didn’t cut it against Irvine’s 
16 kills on just three errors, for a .619 
attack percentage.

Down 2–0, the Triton defense 
fell apart in the third set. UCSD was 
outscored 25–12, recording a .040 
attack percentage — 10 kills on nine 
errors.Triton mainstays sophomore 
Vaun Lennon and junior Carl Eberts 
both had tough matches, recording 
attack percentages of .263 and .111 
respectively. Junior middleblocker 
Greg Smith had the most successful 
night for UCSD; he finished eight kills 
without committing an error.

Irvine’s All-American Carlson 
Clark led all players with 13 kills and 
only one error in 20 attempts. With 
the loss, UCSD falls to 3–4 overall. 
The Tritons will look to improve their 
record in their three-game homestead, 
during which UCSD will host No. 7 
Pepperdine on Friday, Jan. 27 and No. 
5 USC on Saturday, Jan. 28.   

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@
ucsd.edu_

JOHN HANACEK/GUARDIAN FILE

The UCSD Men’s Volleyball team falls in straight sets to No. 2 UC Irvine on Saturday, Jan. 20 on the road.

MEN’S VOLLEYBALL FALLS TO IRVINE

To me, Guardiola’s Barcelona 
plays the most beautiful soccer in 
the world — regardless of how ugly 
Puyol’s hair is or whether or not 
Pedro decides to fall in the box. And 
in the age of “continental soccer” and 
“continental soccer imitators,” no 
one comes close because imitating 
without the fulcrums of Iniesta and 
Xavi and, of course, the irrational 
striking capability of Messi would be 
impossible.

Real Madrid boss Jose Mourinho 
understands this — or maybe he 
doesn’t — but in either case, one 
of the most prolific managers in 
recent memory refuses to concede 
to Barca’s style. Mourinho, himself, 
is 1–3–5 in his history against 
Barcelona. And the Portuguese 
manager was without his trademark 
smirk or cool confidence in the post-
game interviews after last week’s 2–1 
loss to the Blaugrana. 

And yesterday, these two titans 
of Spanish soccer met in the second 
leg of the Copa Del Rey, in a game 
recognized globally that’s dubbed by 
Spaniards as “El Clásico.” 

Real Madrid seemed to be 
playing at a higher frequency, as its 
pace ripped the game open from the 
whistle. With Higuain sitting up high 
in the team’s atypical one forward 
formation, with Ozil, Ronaldo and 
Kaka intercepting Barcelona’s usually 
precise passes from behind, Madrid’s 
four forwards seemed to overwhelm 
Barca’s stalwarts Puyol and Piquet.

Combined, Ronaldo and Higuain 
totaled at least five point-blank 
chances at the mouth of the goal, but 
couldn’t find a way to put the ball in. 

And after 40 minutes without a 
goal, there was the sense that Kaka’s 
legs would fail him, that Madrid’s 
frenetic play was unraveling seams 
for Xavi and Iniesta to prey on and 
that Barca’s calm-headed play around 
the pitch would win out. 

And then in the 42nd minute, 
Messi collected the ball from 25 
yards out, with Ramos and weak-
side defender Pepe collapsing. The 
2011 Ballon d’Or recipient slotted 
a remarkable touch through to a 
streaking Pedro who finished past 
Casillas.

With one minute of stoppage 
time, the play devolved into a mess 
of Spanish bickering and ugly dives, 
as Messi was clearly fouled just 
outside of Casillas’ 18-yard box. “St. 
Iker” disagreed with the call, as he 
and the majority of the players on 
the pitch followed the referee and 
pleaded their case. 

After a few minutes of shouting 
and shoving, Casillas was carded. As 
the keeper sulked back to his line, 
Dani Alves found himself on top of 
the rebounded free kick, first-timing 
the ball into the upper corner to take 
the 2–0 lead.

El Clasico:
Barcelona’s 
4-3 Win 

See UDA, page 11

Queen of

RACHEL UDA
ruda@ucsd.edu

Kings

Why Guardiola’s 
Blaugrana Are 
the Best

JOHN HANACEK/GUARDIAN FILEBRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN FILE

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE


	112611News_AC6
	012612Opinion2
	012612HiatusFinal2
	012612_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg9
	012612SportsFINAL

