
INSIDE
monday

Height: 2-3 ft.
Wind: 3-5 mph

Water Temp: 65 F

Tuesday
Height: 1-3 ft.

Wind: 7-11 mph
Water Temp: 65 F

Wednesday
Height: 1-2 ft.
Wind: 1-6 mph 

Water Temp: 65 F

Thursday
Height: 1-2 ft.
Wind: 1-6 mph 

Water Temp: 65 F

LOw

$3.50
us Gas, Escondido
445 W. 5th Ave. & S. Centre Pkwy.

HIGH

$4.49
XL Gas, Borrego Springs
525 Palm Canyon Dr & Country Club Rd

monday
H 67 L 55

Tuesday
H 66 L 55

GAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

Wednesday
H 69 L 54

Thursday
H 68 L 53

Birdland .................................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
Rhyme or Reason ..................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Crossword .............................9
UCSD Tunnels .....................10
Sports ..................................12

monday Tuesday

If a pipe burst, you would die pretty 
instantly”

RichaRd cota
Assistant Director of Building Operations“

Wednesday Thursday

SURF REPORT

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME X, ISSUE X

“They started thinking more about losing, than winning,” UCSD head coach Brian McManus said of his team’s 1-0 loss to West Florida in 
the NCAA Division II National title game.

Playing in Evans, Ga. against No. 2 nationally ranked 
West Florida, No. 5 UCSD — 7-0-2 in tournament play 
— had every opportunity to get the go-ahead goal in the 
first half. Last Saturday, Nov. 30, the Tritons outshot their 
opponents 11-4 in the first period, with senior forward 
Gabi Hernandez just missing on two separate occasions 
early on. 

“In the first half we played exceptionally well, and 
we just didn’t put away the chances that we had,” UCSD 
head coach Brian McManus said to the UCSD Athletics 

Department. “And I think when the halftime whistle blew, 
they just froze.”

The Tritons, a team familiar with having to score late 
in a game, forcing four of their past six playoff contests 
into overtime, struggled in the second period, while West 
Florida took their turn on the attack.

The deciding goal did not come until the 77th minute 
of the match, when West Florida’s Chelsea Palmer collect-
ed a deflection off of UCSD goalkeeper Kelcie Brodsky. 
Palmer, West Florida’s go-to striker, controlled the ball 
in the box and struck past Brodsky, an All-Conference 
Second Team selection.

BY SARAH MOON
Staff Writer

UCSD celebrated World AIDS 
Day this week, hosting a variety of 
free, on-campus events to the pub-
lic. The events began on Monday, 
Nov. 26; lasted until Friday, Nov 30; 
and focused on this year’s “Getting 
to Zero” theme, aiming to spread 
awareness and achieve zero new 
HIV infections, zero stigma towards 
those with the HIV/AIDS and zero 
deaths related to the infection.

World AIDS Day at UCSD was 
planned by a university-wide com-
mittee of volunteers including stu-
dents, staff and faculty. 

On Wednesday night, the World 
AIDS Day committee hosted an 
event in Middle of Muir, featuring 
speeches from people affected by 
HIV/AIDS. The event, “How Does 
HIV/AIDS Affect YOU,” also invited 
audience members to share stories 
about their experiences with HIV/
AIDS. 

“We wanted to create this learn-
ing space for people to share their 
stories,” Coordinator of Student 
Activities at Muir Connie Chang 
said.

Several UCSD students shared 

their personal experiences with HIV 
to the audience, and how the infec-
tion has affected their lives.

“I’m not ashamed I have HIV,” 
one UCSD student said. “I’m not 
ashamed of who I am. I know who 
I am and I love it. I just wish people 
would stop with the stigma and edu-
cate themselves.”

The San Diego County Office 
of Public Health provided an HIV 
Testing Bus on Thursday and Friday 
at Library Walk. The bus gave all 

students, faculty and staff mem-
bers the opportunity to receive free, 
anonymous HIV Rapid Testing.

“HIV/AIDS continues to affect 
our students, faculty and staff,” 
Campus Diversity Officer and 
Director Shaun Travers said. “Our 
students and employees can get test-
ed for HIV, can learn how they can 
help stop the spread and assist those 
who are living with HIV/AIDS.”

The AIDS Memorial Quilt has 
been a key tradition of World AIDS 

Day since 2002. Every year UCSD 
showcases sections of the quilt, 
representing HIV infection preven-
tion. The quilt is the world’s larg-
est ongoing community arts proj-
ect and emerged from groups and 
individuals in response to the AIDS 
dilemma.

In 2008 the World AIDS Day 
committee added a Survivor 
Photography exhibit next to the dis-

INSIDEGAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTSPOKEN

“
SURF REPORT

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 46, ISSUE 19

a.S. council 
Votes to 
Recertify 
co-ops

UcSd 
FaLLS ShoRt

SPORTS

UNIVERSITY CENTERS

UCSD Hosts ‘World AIDS Day’ Events on Campus
AIDS WEEK

Personal testmonials and free HIV testing were part of the weeklong campaign whose theme was “Getting to Zero.”

BY ALEKSANDRA 
KONSTANTINOVIC 
Staff Writer 

A.S. Council voted to re-certify 
each of UCSD’s co-ops at their Nov. 
28 meeting, following presentations 
from University Centers Advisory 
Board (UCAB) and the Campus 
Cooperative Union. The co-ops are 
now awaiting a similar vote from 
Graduate Student Association 
(GSA) in order to be completely 
re-certified. 

The president of University 

By RACHEL UDA • Sports Editor

See SPORTS, page 11

See CO-OPS, page 3See AIDS, page 3

UcSd -  WFU
0 1 

The union, which repre-
sents the General Store, 
Che Cafe has had budget 
troubles in recent years.

Brian Yip/Guardian File 

Brian monroe/Guardian

StEP iNSidE UcSd’S hiddEN tUNNEL NEtWoRK. PaGE 7



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMBER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2012, all rights 
reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible for 
the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
by advertising. The Sims Hookup.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Advertising & Marketing Assistants 
Christina Doo

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Leo Bui, Arielle Sallai, Sara Shroyer, Bobee Kim

Zoe McCracken, Erin Robertson
Rebecca Han, Tim Annand

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Zev Hurwitz

Rebecca Horwitz

Madeline Mann

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Ayan Kusari

Mina Nilchian

Stacey Chien

Laira Martin

Ashley Kwon

Ren Ebel

Andrew Whitworth

Andrew Oh

Brian Monroe

Leo Bui

Sara Shroyer

Jeffrey Lau

Andrew Oh

Allie Kiekhofer
Beca Truong

Claire Yee

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Features Editorial Assistant

Lifestyle Editor

Associate Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Webmaster

Copy Readers

did you know?  
You can register for  A.S. Safe Rides
ONLINE at as.ucsd.edu/saferides

A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get 3 FREE rides per quarter. Students 
must register at least 24 hours prior to their first ride. 

you are studying late on
campus and need a ride home

safe rides

just in case...

Birdland By Rebekah Dyer

Visual diary By Khanh Nguyen

BRiEFS BY Mekala Neelakantan, Senior Staff Writer
▶ SAN DIEGO- Chula Vista Superior 
Court convicted Kevin Kenniston, 
43, of over 20 charges on Nov. 28, 
including stalking, and imperson-
ating a police officer. According 
to U-T-San Diego, Kenniston was 
first arrested in April 2011 for pull-
ing over three motorists, lecturing 
to them about driving safety, and 
demanding their driver’s licenses 
and registration. 

He was dressed as a police offi-
cer and driving a black-and-white 
Ford Crown Victoria with a siren, 
roof light rack, and public address 
system. His other offenses include 
stalking an ex-girlfriend, and chok-
ing his first and second wives.

Kenniston is scheduled to be 
sentenced on Jan. 9, and will be 
facing 24 years in state prison. He 
is being convicted of kidnapping, 
false imprisonment, stalking and 
child cruelty.

▶ UCSD- The American Association 
for the Advancement of Science 
(AAAS) named ten UCSD profes-

sors as fellows of the organization 
for their distinguished efforts in 
various fields of science. 

Professors Dimitri Basov, Jeffrey 
Esko, Benjamin Grinstein, David 
Kleinfeld, Ratnesh Lal, Aneesh 
Manohar, John Newsam, Katerina 
Semendeferi, Victor Vianu, and 
Arthur Wolfe are among this 
year’s 702 selected members of the 
AAAS, the nation’s largest scientific 
organization; their selection was 
announced in this week’s issue of 
Science.
 On Feb. 16, 2012, the incoming 
Fellows will officially enter the 
organization at the AAAS Annual 
Meeting in Boston, and will be 
presented with a certificate and a 
rosette pin.

▶ UC SYSTEM- A stabbing victim 
entered UC Berkeley’s Martinez 
Commons residential hall hous-
ing area on Nov. 29, around 2:30 
p.m. The victim, who had been 
stabbed nearly half a block away 
from Martinez Commons, left a 

trail of blood leading up to the 
residential hall area. Berkeley police 
briefly taped the sidewalk before 
the victim was transported to a hos-
pital. Spokesman Marty Takimoto, 
of UC Berkeley housing, said that 
the victim is not an affiliate of UC 
Berkeley.

▶ SAN DIEGO- Detectives are 
searching for two men who raided 
a Victoria’s Secret store, stealing 
approximately 300 pairs of pant-
ies from an underwear display. 
The men, caught on surveillance 
tape, committed the burglary at the 
Horton Plaza shopping mall on Nov. 
28, at 4:45 p.m; one suspect car-
ried an open shopping bag near the 
underwear display, while the other 
scooped the merchandise off of the 
display and into the bag. 

Store employees were unaware of 
the burglary until after the suspects 
left, but detectives are using surveil-
lance footage to investigate.

According to NBC San Diego, the 
suspects are described as Hispanic 

males of medium build, between 18 
and 25 years old. One suspect was 
wearing a black sweater and jeans, 
while the other was wearing a blue 
shirt and grey shorts.

▶ SAN DIEGO - Four San Diego 
teens were arrested for sexually 
assaulting a girl found unconscious 
in a canyon on Nov. 26. The 16-year-
old girl was discovered by police at 
11 p.m. in a Lincoln Park canyon off 
of Nagel and 49th streets. The four 
suspects were ages 14, 17 and 18. 

The two 17-year-olds and the 
14-year-old were booked into juve-
nile hall and the 18-year-old was 
booked into the county jail. The 
girl had been unconscious for sev-
eral hours but none of the suspects 
called for help. 

She was taken to a hospital and 
remained unconscious until the 
next day. 

The victim and the suspects 
had each allegedly consumed an 
unhealthy amounts of alcohol prior 
to the incident.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMBER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

REPORTBIAS.UCSD.EDU
Promote a safe and tolerant community at UC San Diego
by reporting bias-motivated incidents.

UC San Diego is committed to the highest standards of civility and decency toward all 
persons, as re�ected in our Principles of Community. Together, we can work to create a 
welcoming and inclusive climate for the bene�t of all UC San Diego community members.

You may report bias incidents or other acts of intolerance to 

reportbias.ucsd.edu
(858) 534-BIAS (2427) • ophd@ucsd.edu
In case of emergency, contact the UC San Diego Police at (858) 534-HELP (4357).

ReportBias.UCSD.edu

BE THE
VOICE

LIGHTS & SIRENS

Thursday, November 22
12:33 a.m.: Drunk in public
▶ The subject at Village East 4 was 
intoxicated in public. Field interview 
administered.
4:17 p.m.: Information
▶ Someone had removed the stop 
signs at the intersection of Scholars 
Drive South and La Jolla Shores 
Drive so that there were no stops for 
any traffic. Referred to other agency.
10:29 p.m.: Animal call
▶ An owner had an aggressive dog 
under the SIO Pier with no leash. 
Field interview administered.

Friday, November 23
1:01 a.m.: Medical aid
▶ A “juvenile male” at Blake Hall was 
vomiting from possible food poison-
ing. Transported to hospital.
11:33 a.m.: Citizen contact
▶ The subject went to the UCSD 
Police Department to ask “questions 
about riding a moped on campus.” 
Information only.

Saturday, November 24
12:45 a.m.: Domestic violence dis-
turbance
▶ An adult white male at North Mesa 
Apartments was arrested for “battery 
on spouse.” Closed by adult arrest.
8:36 p.m.: Injury
▶ Two female soccer players “butted 
heads” on Warren Field. One trans-
ported to hospital.
9:15 p.m.: Citizen contact
▶ An unknown person tried to enter 
the subject’s apartment at North Mesa 
Apartments with a key. Report taken. 
11:07 p.m.: Traffic stop
▶ A male construction worker was 
stopped for using his cellphone while 
driving, and he was driving with a 
suspended license. Closed by adult 
citation.

Sunday, November 25
11:38 p.m.: Marijuana contact
▶ There was an “odor of marijuana” 

in a hallway at Revelle Apartments. 
Information only.

Monday, November 26
1:10 p.m.: Injury
▶ A skateboarder at Warren Mall fell 
and struck his or her head on cement. 
Transported to hospital.
2:15 a.m.: Citizen contact
▶ The subject at Campus Service 
Complex Building G reported that a 
UC vehicle’s windshield broke “while 
going through [the] car wash.” Report 
taken.

Tuesday, November 27
10:40 a.m.: Vandalism
▶ A window at Natural Sciences 
Building was “smashed out.” 
Information only.
7:35 p.m.: Trespass
▶ There was a trespasser at Chancellor 
House. Information only.
8:31 p.m.: Disturbance
▶ There was a broadcasting of 
obscenities against law enforcement 
and passersby from Student Center 
Building B. No crime found — infor-
mation only.
8:59 p.m.: Assist other agency
▶ The San Diego Police received a 
report that a female on the inter-
section of Costa Verde and Nobel 
Drive was being chased by a male 
with a gun, but no crime was found. 
Information only.
9:39 p.m.: Animal call
▶ There were three “unattended hors-
es” in the grass at the intersection 
of Scholars Drive North and North 
Point Drive. Field interview admin-
istered.

Wednesday, November 28
9:00 a.m. - 9:20 a.m.: Information
▶ There was a complaint about road 
rage on I-5 South. Information only.

—SARAH KANG
Staff Writer

play of the AIDS Memorial Quilt, 
making the showcase the most 
attended event of World AIDS Day 
at UCSD. This year, the commit-
tee showcased the AIDS Memorial 
Quilt in the Price Center Ballroom 

East.
The week of events concluded 

Friday evening with a closing cer-
emony at the AIDS Memorial Quilt, 
featuring a performance by San 
Diego Women’s Chorus. 

“Honoring World AIDS Day 
reminds UCSD as a campus com-

munity of its commitment to serv-
ing our region, as well as changing 
the world by our research, our work 
in the community and our educa-
tional efforts,” Travers said.

Readers can contact Sarah Moon at smoon@
ucsd.edu

Memorial Quilt in Price Center Highlights Weeklong Event
▶ AIDS, from page 1

Center (UCEN), Albert Trujillo, 
presented on behalf of UCAB at the 
Wednesday, Nov. 28th council meet-
ing, describing the Master Space 
Agreement (MSA) that governs the 
co-ops’ relationship with University 
Centers. The MSA specifies that 
recertification of the co-ops should 
be based on specific criteria such as 
whether or not the co-ops’ financial 
practices are sound, whether their 
service is adequate and other oper-
ating issues. 

A.S. Council and GSA had asked 
UCAB for a presentation of the 
facts concerning the co-ops’ recerti-
fication. Trujillo explained that each 
co-op has accumulated debt over 
several years, and that the co-ops 
have been evaluated yearly for fis-
cal solvency up to the 2009 school 
year by an outside Certified Public 
Accountant (CPA). 

The CPA did not evaluate Che 
Cafe because the co-op did not have 
enough principal members — the 
cafe also lost its nonprofit status 
after it failed to file IRS tax form 990 
for each of the past three years and 
is pending recognition as a student 
organization. Trujillo advised coun-
cil to ask each co-op if they were 
acting in the best interests of the 
students, and if they are financially 
sound.

Trujillo asserted that the rent 
charged to each co-op is fair, and 

their debt is primarily the accumu-
lation of unpaid rent and utilities 
over time. Currently, the co-ops are 
charged one–tenth of the market 
value on each of their spaces, or 
about $1000 a month, but haven’t 
made enough money to pay that, 
resulting in a loss for University 
Centers. 

Trujillo also said that re-evalu-
ating how much each co-op pays in 
rent is a future possibility.

“UCAB would need to see each 
of the co-ops’ sales and financial 
statements over the past few years,” 
Trujillo said. “That’s just not some-
thing we have from them at the 
moment.”

The Campus Cooperative Union, 
representing each of UCSD’s co-ops, 
including Groundwork Books, The 
General Store, The Food Co-op and 
Che Cafe, also prepared a presenta-
tion for A.S. Council. 

Union members focused on the 
sense of friendship and community 
that the co-ops have inspired for 
them.

“The co-ops are places that bring 
different kinds of students together,” 
Morgan, another principal mem-
ber of the General Store said. “We 
routinely hold open mic nights and 
video game tournaments.”

According to the members, co-
ops often represent valuable options 
for students as well.

“The Food Co-Op sells fair trade 
food that is affordable and deli-

cious,” Eden, a principal member, 
said on behalf of the Food Co-Op. 
“We like having an alternative to the 
more expensive Price Center.

During their Nov. 28 presenta-
tion to council, the union claimed 
that Price Center’s expansion left 
the co-ops shut out of campus life, 
which led to less profit to pay their 
rent. According to their presenta-
tion, another obstacle that the co-
ops face is that their rent was cal-
culated and fixed in the 1990s, but 
inflation and changes in sales have 
made it impossible to keep up with 
that number. 

The union also emphasized that 
each of the co-ops is on different 
fiscal levels — the Food Co-Op 
has been profitable enough to pay 
utilities and employees since 2011, 
while Che Cafe recently switched to 
an all-volunteer structure in order 
to alleviate debt. The co-ops are 
not seeking financial help from A.S. 
Council, but rather a structural 
and promotional relationship. The 
union believes that recertification 
would allow them more time to pay 
off their debts.

Following the presentations, 
council passed a resolution in sup-
port of the co-ops and voted to re-
certify them. Should GSA also vote 
to re-certify, the co-ops will retain 
that status for another two years. 

Readers can contact Aleksandra 
Konstantinovic at alkonsta@ucsd.edu

Despite Discounted Rent, Co-ops Struggle to Become Profitable
▶ CO-OPS, from page 1



OPINION
MADELINE MANN
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMbER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Many college graduates enter the job market with unbridled optimism and confidence, believing that their recently attained bachelor’s degrees will open the doors to the 
jobs of their dreams. In contrast, they are finding that employers are 
looking for more than just those 180 units completed with at least a 
“C” average. Employers want to see experience in a professional job 
environment on a resume — something the majority of graduates do 
not hold. To boost graduates’ chances in the job market, universities 
need to be more proactive about improving students’ career skills and 
preparing them for the transition into a professional setting.

According to the Apollo Research Institute’s study “Life in the 
21st-Century Workforce,” 65 to 75 percent of employers across 
major U.S. cities found that it was difficult to find employees with 
“essential critical thinking and collaborative skills.” In college, these 
skills are utilized on exams and projects, but what’s missing is the 
application of these skills to real-life problems. A college education 
isn’t wholly useless though, as the material students learn in their 
major will be seen at the career level as well. But the fact that colleges 
seldom simulate real-world scenarios calls for the need for additional 
programs such as internships to ensure that graduates are competitive 
in the job market.

Studies have shown that internship experience can make a 
significant impact on resumes. According to a survey by the 
National Association of Colleges and Employers, roughly 60 percent 
of graduates of the class of 2012 who had taken a paid internship 

received at least one job offer. In comparison, only 36 percent of 
graduates without internship experience received any job offers. 
However, only a minority of students in the country take part in 
these important programs. U.S. News reports that out of the 330 
college and universities surveyed, only 36.9 percent of the class of 
2011 took part in an internship. 

In fact, UCSD actually falls below this average, with only 17 
percent of graduates reporting having participated in an internship, 
according to a 2010 UCSD post-baccalaureate survey. Due to the 
rigorous academic climate and study culture of UCSD, many students 
would rather focus their efforts into classes first. Since high school, 
many students have been taught an over-simplified pathway to 
becoming successful, in which you study hard, get accepted into 
college, earn a degree and then find a job. Making spectacular grades 
will get students a degree, but it is no guarantee for a job. This has led 
many graduates to develop the notion that a degree equates a job, and 
thus the value of workplace experience is diminished in their eyes.

While UCSD does provide some useful services for finding 
internships, such as PortTriton and the Academic Internship 
Program, it needs to make more of an effort to reinforce the  
necessity of internships to ensure success. UCSD and other 
universities might benefit from making internships a requirement 
for graduation. According to U.S. News & World Report, three of the 

That Won’t           Do the Job

December is here, which means two things: The quarter is almost over, and 
Christmas is fast approaching. The 
sad thing is: I wouldn’t have even 
remembered Christmas was coming 
if it hadn’t been for those spam emails 
alerting me of every “door-busting” 
deal out there.

Last Christmas morning, I woke 
up at a reasonable hour, groggily 
rolled out of bed and stumbled down 
the stairs as I did on any other run-of-
the-mill day. There, I was greeted by 
the sight of my family members each 
doing their own individual tasks, and 
a living room devoid of a Christmas 
tree. This was nothing like a scene out 
of an ABC Family movie or a cheesy, 
feel-good Disney sitcom.

When I was younger, I would get 
so excited for the holidays that I even 
thought of the months in relation to 
their proximity to Dec. 25. However, 
time and practicality have since 
become factors that interfere with the 
“magic” of Christmas.

 I now realize that fashioning a 
beautiful light display on my front 
lawn is not only too time consuming 
to set up and take down, but creates 
an unwelcome addition to my 
monthly electricity bill. I then stop 
and think that maybe it really isn’t 
worth the hassle to dig out the dusty 
yuletide decorations from the garage, 
or spend half an hour untangling the 
Christmas lights in an infomercial-
esque type struggle. 

As a kid, I always made fun of 
shops that painted their windows for 
Christmas and then never bothered 
to wipe the merry illustrations off, 
ever. But I’ve realized that my family’s 
guilty of a similar offense — we leave 
Christmas wreaths on our front door 
and a wooden Rudolph sitting in front 
of the fireplace all year round. By the 
time anyone stops procrastinating and 
sincerely wants to put the decorations 
away, Christmas is already close 
enough that it’d be smarter to just 
leave them there. It’s gotten to the 
point that my house would look 
awkward without them now.

Admittedly, present shopping has 
also become a task that I often look 
forward to just getting out of the way. 
With limited time on our hands, my 
family and I often have to resort to 
going generic. This means buying gift 
cards, dried fruit baskets, Pepperidge 
Farm packages and basically anything 
else found on the shelves of Costco for 
relatives and family friends. Anyway, 
I can’t exactly enjoy the festive 
decorations and holiday music playing 
in every store as harried mothers 
in awful holiday sweaters jostle me 
around. As if circling around trying to 
find a parking space in the rain hadn’t 
been taxing enough already.

Gone are the days of eagerly 
leaping out of my blankets to check 
for snow outside on Christmas 
morning (a child’s fanciful wishing, as 
it hasn’t snowed in Nor Cal since who 
knows when). Later this month, I’ll 
probably have to rely on the holiday 
Google Doodles to remind me that 
Christmas is coming again.

Christmas 
Has Lost Its 
Childhood 
Charm

See InternshIps, page 5

 illustration by Jeffrey lau/Guardian

For a country that prides itself on equal 
opportunity, it seems hypocritical for our 
military to prevent women from having the same 
opportunities as men. Females who are qualified 
for positions in combat should not be turned away 
— they should have every opportunity that any 
male of equal qualifications would.

According to the Associated Press, the Pentagon 
opened nearly 14,000 new combat positions 
to women this year. This is an improvement, 
but it is not enough. Women are still not being 
recognized for their service in positions that they 
actually unofficially do. Stepping foot in Iraq or 
Afghanistan counts as serving in a combat zone, 
says U.S. Marine Corps Capt. Zoe Bedell, a plaintiff 
in the lawsuit.

And though there are more opportunities, they 
aren’t the same ones offered to men. Army Times 
wrote that the revisions to the order only opened 
up 5 percent of the 250,000 positions that are 
currently closed to women. Despite these efforts 
to provide more jobs, the numbers do not even 
remotely compare to the 47 percent of women 
that make up the total U.S. labor force, a number 
released by the U.S. Department of Labor in 2010.

Present here is an inequality of job 
opportunities and services to our country. Women 
who have proven abilities in said disciplines 
should not be discriminated against because of 
their gender. Ability and merit should be the only 
qualifications considered.

— Lauren Koa
Contributing Writer

Military Should Hire Based on Merit

QUICK TAKES On nOv. 27, FOur u.S. Female Service memberS Filed a lawSuit againSt the PentagOn’S 1994 ban On allOwing wOmen tO Serve in grOund cOmbat unitS, which are cOnSidered mOre dangerOuS.

In order to better prepare graduates for the transition into professional settings, universities need to 
be more proactive in getting students to participate in internships.

By Bahar Moshtaghian • ContriButing Writer

Rhyme 
or Reason
Hilary Lee
hhl009@ucsd.edu

Officials claim the integration of women into 
direct combat will have negative repercussions on 
combat effectiveness as well as put women at a 
higher risk for abuse.

Despite a long-standing zero-tolerance policy 
on sex offenses, a 2009 survey by the Department 
of Defense found that one in three female soldiers 
have reported experiencing sexual assault, while 
four in five say they have declared being subjected 
to sexual harassment. Integration of women into 
male-dominated combat units may only worsen 
this data by hurling women headfirst into abusive 
environments.

Furthermore, in 2001 the Virginia Polytechnic 
Institute and State University found that female 
soldiers sustain twice the amount of stress fractures 
— small bone fractures caused by repeated muscle 
strain — than males do while participating in 
the same physical activities. The resulting higher 
injury rates may cost the military financially and 
undermine the effectiveness of combat units. The 
U.K. Ministry of Defence also cited male soldiers’ 
undue attention to wounded females at the risk of 
their own lives as a main concern in their decision 
to exclude women from combat units in 2010; this 
can adversely affect team cohesion and have grave 
consequences in close-quarter combat. 

Before the Department of Defense makes any 
change to its policy, it needs to be certain the 
military can adjust to the problems associated with 
this change. 

— nico HemsLey
Contributing Writer

Including Women May Increase Abuse
A recent lawsuit is challenging the ban on 

women serving in direct combat, even if they 
have proven themselves to be as physically fit 
as men.  Women should be allowed to serve in 
combat because they have played an instrumental 
role in the success of the U.S. military — females 
currently account for roughly 20 percent of the 
military. Preventing the service of women in 
combat neglects past social accomplishments that 
have contributed not only to the military strength 
of the U.S., but also to America as a progressive 
society.

 Recent historical changes, from the repeal 
of “Don’t ask, don’t tell ” in 2011, to President 
Obama acknowledging same-sex marriage in May 
2012, have sizably moved the U.S. forward. Just 
as gays are allowed to openly serve after DADT 
was repealed, women should be able to serve in 
combat. Many females, according to a survey by 
the U.S. Military Army Research Institute, meet the 
military’s physical and mental toughness standards. 
In fact, according to a survey conducted by the 
British Ministry of Defense in 2010, 12 countries, 
including powerhouses such as Germany, Israel 
and France allow women in combat.

If women fail to adequately meet the demands 
of combat tasks, it would be appropriate to select 
troops who are better qualified in terms of physical 
abilities. But simply ignoring the ability of women 
does not— and should not—represent America’s 
military.

— ViVeK PateL
Staff Writer

Allowing Women is Next Progressive Step 



schools within New York’s Clarkson 
University require “professional 
experience” for graduation. As a 
result, 86 percent of seniors who 
recently graduated from the school 
held an internship at some point in 
their college careers. 

As part of its graduation 
requirements, UCSD’s Sixth College 
makes its students complete a 
practicum, which can be satisfied 
by an internship. More of the six 
colleges at UCSD may want to follow 
Clarkson University’s and Sixth 
College’s example, and incorporate 
internship experience as one of 
its graduation requirements to 
encourage students to take part in 

them.
Another issue is that students are 

genuinely interested in internships, 
but cannot afford the commitment 
because of financial constraints. 
Students may not be able to afford 
taking up a low paying or even 
unpaid internship, while also 
sustaining themselves through 
college. 

To combat this, universities 
should take the initiative to offer 
grants that can support students who 
take part in internships and ease 
their financial burdens. Considering 
one of the duties of colleges is 
to prepare students for their 
careers, they should be obligated 
to support students through these 
career-preparatory internships. A 

university’s investment in internship 
grants is just as necessary as the 
money it puts towards funding 
quality faculty and facilities.

A degree from an esteemed 
university may have cut it in the past, 
but it alone cannot secure a job for 
new graduates. However, combined 
with the experience from an 
internship, graduates are sure to find 
the job market more promising.

 To best prepare their graduates 
for the competitive job market, 
universities must encourage more 
students to take part in internships, 
and support students throughout 
them as well.

Readers can contact Bahar Moshtaghian 
at bmoshtag@ucsd.edu

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMbER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

ad name: CW JD Ad5 size: ½ page H —10” x 8”

publication: UC San Diego - “The Guardian” pub date: 12/03/12

MD contact: Andrea Bianchi phone: 760-231-8286

R E S H A P I N G  T H E  F U T U R E  OF L E G A L  E D U CAT I O N

v is i t  us  onl ine  cwsl .edu

i n d e p e n d e n t  /  i n n o v a t i v e  /  i n s p i r i n g

Solve FoR X By Philip Jia

Dear editor, 
Noam Chomsky has termed Gaza 

“the world’s largest open-air prison” 
because there are some 1.6 million 
Palestinians living on a 140-square-
mile strip of land “subject to random 
terror and arbitrary punishment, 
with no purpose other than to 
humiliate and degrade.” 

Roughly one million of these 1.6 
million people in Gaza are refugees 
from the conflict of 1947–48. Last 
week Gaza was subject to eight days 
of bombardment. More than 161 
Palestinians were killed including 
at least 91 civilians and 28 children, 
according to the Palestinian Center 
for Human Rights. In response, 
Hamas sent multiple rockets into 
Israel and killed five Israelis. A 
ceasefire was announced, a good 
thing for all concerned, but Israel’s 
five-year long illegal blockade of 
Gaza continues, as does the U.S. 
massive military aid to Israel, to the 
tune of over $3 billion per year.

 As academics and students, 
it is our responsibility to know 
what is happening in Gaza and the 
West Bank and to urge the Obama 
administration to change its policy 
toward the Israeli occupation 
and its apartheid policies toward 
Palestinians.

 Chomsky has described 
the situation accurately: “The 
Israeli decision to rain death and 
destruction on Gaza, to use lethal 
weapons of the modern battlefield 
on a largely defenseless civilian 
population is the final phase in a 
decades-long campaign to ethnically 
cleanse Palestinians.” And he adds: 
“Israel uses sophisticated attack jets 
and naval vessels to bomb densely-
crowded refugee camps, schools, 
apartment blocks, mosques and 

slums to attack a population that has 
no air force, no air defense, no navy, 
no heavy weapons, no artillery units, 
no mechanized armor, no command 
in control, no army…and calls it 
a war. It is not a war, it is murder.” 
Chomsky further notes that Israel, 
by militarily occupying someone 
else’s land, cannot call what it does 
defense.

The people of Gaza live in a 
prison, because they are trapped by 
the Israeli blockade that controls 
virtually all traffic, human and 
material, in and out of the territory. 
An Israeli journalist, Jonathan Cook, 
notes that Israeli health officials have 
calculated the minimum number of 
calories needed by Gaza inhabitants 
each day and now allow only 67 
trucks to enter Gaza with food. The 
aim, according to Dov Weisglass, 
was “to put the Palestinians on a 
diet.” Middle East scholar Juan Cole 
finds that Palestinian children are 
suffering from malnutrition, and 
anemia is widespread, affecting “over 
two-thirds of infants, 58.6 percent of 
schoolchildren and over a third of 
pregnant mothers.” That a modern 
nation calling itself civilized and 
democratic should be engaged in 
this type of oppression is disgraceful 
and the fact that the U.S. condones it 
all should concern us as citizens, as 
taxpayers and as human beings. 

We in the United States are 
partners in this ongoing crime 
against the Palestinians and therefore 
against humanity. We must call for 
an end to military aid to Israel for it 
is being used to commit murder and 
grave human rights abuses against all 
Palestinians.

—Rosaura Sánchez
Department of Literature

Luis Martin-Cabrera
Department of Literature

Charles Thorpe
Department of Sociology

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

U.S. Must End Its 
Military Aid to Israel

▶ InternshIps, from page 4

College Degrees Alone Cannot Secure Jobs for Graduates



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMBER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

FEATURES
AYAN KUSARI
features@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

Big Discoveries and 
Bold Excursions

By Mindy Lam / Staff Writer

On Nov. 16, the Scripps Institution of Oceanography welcomed home Research Vessel Roger Revelle after six years away from its home port — Point Loma Marine Physical Research Facility in San Diego, 
which is owned by Scripps. As the flagship of Scripp’s fleet, the Revelle is 
the youngest and most technologically advanced of the four ships.The ship 
has been on 86 scientific expeditions across four oceans since it last left San 
Diego in 2006.

The Revelle’ had such an unusually long absence in order to efficiently 
schedule the Revelle’s expeditions, said Bruce Appelgate, associate director of 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography.

“We don’t want to transit our ships unless we’re doing science,” Appelgate 
said. “It just so happens there’s been a lot of work in the Western Pacific, 
Indian, and Southern Oceans.”

Most of this work was scheduled around those oceans, although the 
Revelle has traveled as far as the Atlantic Ocean and even made a research 
stop in the Antarctic. By scheduling these expeditions close together, the 
Revelle didn’t have to return to San Diego, thereby saving fuel and providing 
scientists in those areas with much-needed resources. Now that it is at home-
port, Scripps will be spending time updating the ship with new technology.

At nearly 110 years old, Scripps Institution of Oceanography is one of the 
world’s largest and oldest centers for oceanic studies. Established in 1903, 
Scripps Institution was founded by William E. Ritter as a home for oceanic 
research. To this end, Scripps currently operates the largest fleet of research 
vessels of any institution and invites scientists from other institutions to 
utilize their resources.

“We send our ships to where the scientific research is occurring,” 
Appelgate said. “Those areas are defined by the funding agencies — [for 
example] the National Science Foundation or the Office of Naval Research. 
[These agencies] fund individual scientists to go out and collect data and 
make observations.”

Due to this funding, Scripps has grown to house four research vessels, 
which carry scientists from across the globe to research sites in the oceans. 
Although a lot of the science focuses around the Pacific Ocean, Scripps ves-
sels have been all over the world.

Research Vessel Melville, Scripps’ oldest operating ship, was taken to 
Chile earlier this year for scientists to study why the Chilean earthquake of 
2010 did not rupture the seabed, while the 2011 earthquake off the coast of 
Japan did — resulting in a powerful tsunami.

The New Horizon, went last year to the north Pacific Ocean so scientists 
could study the effects of plastic pollution in the ecosystem. The Robert 
Gordon Sproul, the second youngest ship of the fleet, made an expedition 
along the coast in 2010 for researchers to study the effects of human-pro-
duced sound waves on marine life. The data gathered will help create more 
eco-friendly sonar techniques for Naval ships.

This recent research has been significant in the development of technol-
ogy and the understanding of our environment, but it’s only the latest news 
out of Scripps Institution of Oceanography. Since the institution’s establish-
ment in 1903, Scripps researchers have discovered new marine life, charted 
new undersea mountain ranges in the Pacific, and mapped out ocean cur-
rents useful for fishing and naval navigation alike.

Scripps’ origins can be traced back to 1891, the year UC Berkeley admin-
istrators gave William E. Ritter $200 to fund biological surveys along the 
coast of California. At the time, Ritter was a biology lecturer at Berkeley. 
Ritter proceeded to purchase a tent and laboratory equipment and founded 
a crude, portable research base where he and his students used to carry out 
biological studies up and down the Pacific Coast.

In 1903, a group of affluent San Diegans invited William E. Ritter to 
make San Diego the permanent home of his program, forming the Marine 
Biological Association of San Diego. Among these San Diegans was news-
paper magnate Edward W. Scripps who, in addition to fully funding Ritter’s 
program, donated his private yachts for use as research vessels in 1904.

Ellen B. Scripps funded purchase of the institution’s first legitimate 
research vessel in 1907, after one of her brother’s former yachts was ship-
wrecked the year before. In 1912, the UC Regents acquired the Marine 
Biological Association renaming it Scripps Institution for Biological Research 
of the University of California, later changing it to Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography in 1925 to reflect the station’s widening focus. By this time, 
the powerful Scripps fleet had begun catching the attention of scientists in 
a myriad of other fields, including geography and environmental science.

In 1939 and 1940, the research ship E.W. Scripps made multiple trips 
to the Gulf of California. The first expedition in 1939 mapped out the 
waters of the gulf, examining the currents, phosphate levels and tempera-
ture patterns of the water. Incidentally, the researchers were able to make 
contact with Seri Indians, a tribe that lived in the islands in the gulf, and 

See SCRIPPS page 10

The History of  the Scripps 
Institute in a Nutshell

  jeffrey Lau /Guardian 



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMBER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

Thinking abouT Medical School?
Need to improve your academic record before applying?

The UC San Diego
Post Baccalaureate Premedical Program
could be right for you!

 A strong Post-Bac program can help:

• Prove to medical schools you can handle the 
academic rigor of medical education

• Demonstrate your ability to succeed on  
the MCAT

• Refine your application

• Improve your medical school  
interviewing skills

• Gain letters of recommendation

The UC San Diego Post Baccalaureate Premedical Program is a full-time intensive program experience, a rigorous curriculum within a supportive, cohort-based  
environment, to individuals who want to strengthen their academic record for application to medical schools across the country.

 This unique Post-Bac Pre-Med program features: 

To learn more, visit PostBacPreMed.ucsd.edu or email jdtolson@ucsd.edu

• Full-time academic enhancement program
• Intimate, cohort-based learning community
• Concentration on upper-division biological science courses
• Significant additional academic support to help ensure success

• Coaching on medical school application portfolios, including MCAT preparation
• Detailed letters of recommendation for successful participants
• Resources of the renowned UC San Diego School of Medicine and UC San Diego Extension

on the UC San Diego  
Post Baccalaureate 

Premedical Program.

December 8 • 9:00 – 10:30 a.m.
Room 101, UCSD Extension Complex

9600 N. Torrey Pines Rd., La Jolla

You’re invited to a 
free info session 

FA12-2059

BY AYAn KusAri
Features Editor

After statistics about the racial 
makeup of the incoming fresh-
man class at each UC campus were 
released for the 2012-13 academic 
year, UCSD SPACES — the Student-
Promoted Access Center for Education 
and Service — received over $400,000 
in grants from the University of 
California. This is nearly double what 
the center, which runs and funds pro-
grams for minority student organiza-
tions at UCSD, received last year.

The move to double SPACES fund-
ing has drawn praise from students 
who say the University of California 
seriously underrepresents minority 
students.

According to Noel Magtoto, the 
SPACES Director of Internal Affairs, 
the majority of the Center’s funding 
goes to five large groups, which have 
over 2,000 student members between 
them.

“The core organizations are Student 
Affirmative Action Committee, Black 
Student Union, Mecha [Movimiento 
Estudiantil Chicano de Aztlán], Asian 
Pacific-Islander Student Alliance and 
LGBTQIA,” Magtoto said. “We’re will-
ing to fund all students who fit our 
requirements, but these five organiza-
tions are the most active.”

Any organization that wants to use 
SPACES funding has to apply for it, 
and the five core organizations are 
not exempt from the rule. It provides 
generous funding. In addition to the 
programs it funds externally, SPACES 
runs a set of endogenous programs 
using the funding it receives from the 
state. It runs a book lending program 
for underprivileged UCSD students. It 
provides planners and school supplies 
for undergraduates who come from 
from underperforming school districts 
— many of whom are unprepared for 
the academic pressure of a UC, and 
who suffer from a high dropout rate. It 

runs a series of well-attended mentor-
ship programs with Mecha and BSU.

“Our focus, especially with the high 
school students, is the fourth and fifth 
quintiles,” Magtoto said. “We work 
with the students who don’t have access 
to resources and try to get them apply-
ing — and ideally, being admitted to — 
college. We also have various programs 
that cater to the lower-performing stu-
dents at UCSD.”

Other programs at SPACES cater 
to students from ethnic minorities, 

like the SPACES-run newspaper, The 
Collective Voice. According to co-edi-
tor in chief Jennifer Valez, the paper 
was founded as a response to main-
stream media outlets’ failure to cover 
topics that are relative to students who 
come from a marginalized background.

“It’s often unintentional, but even 
in your paper, the Guardian, you find 
that there are specific voices that aren’t 
heard,” she said. “The mainstream 
media isn’t critical; it doesn’t hold the 
university accountable for what it does. 
The Collective Voice is different. Our 
writers cover issues relevant to all sorts 
of students. For instance, our next issue 
is about languages — in particular, 
which ones are validated and which 
ones are not.”

Because of the increased funding 
allocated to SPACES by the University 
of California, The Collective Voice is 

now able to publish twice a quarter 
instead of once a quarter. The change 
was criticized as wasteful spending in 
the Nov. 23 issue of the California 
Review, which is the conservative quar-
terly at UCSD.

“We get so many students who have 
so much to say, and before this we were 
turning them away,” Valez said.

As an editor-in-chief, Valez is paid 
on an hourly basis for her work, an 
administrative decision that was criti-
cized in the Cal Review article.

“While I’m paid on an hourly basis 
as an editor for the Collective Voice, 
that’s only 15 hours maximum per 
week,” Valez said. “I’m paid $11 an 
hour for those 15. But I don’t even 
know how many extra hours I put 
in — it takes up my weekends and my 
nights. Not everyone has the privilege 
to work for free — not when they have 
bills to pay.”

Valez said that, in addition, the 
increased funding was especially 
important in light of the presence of 
minority-hostile publications at UCSD.

“We don’t get private funding, like 
the Koala does,” she said. “We need to 
exist as a form of response — as a form 
of resistance.”

Another operation that operates 
entirely via state funds is the Xoxotlani 
Outreach Program, which is run jointly 
by SPACES and Mecha. Karla Diaz is 
the program coordinator for the 2012-
13 year.

“Xoxotlani [pronounced “sho-sho-
tlani”] means ‘to flourish’ in Nahuatl, 
and that’s something I always keep with 
me,” she said.

The program is an outreach ini-
tiative for high school students with 
weekly workshops and daily tutoring 
sessions after school. In previous years, 
before the funding increase, the pro-
gram consisted of tutoring alone. 

“This year, it’s going to be a lot 
more holistic,” Diaz said. “In addition 
to tutors in geometry and literature 
and college applications, we are going 

to have weekly sessions that are based 
on storytelling, creating an uplifting 
narrative for their lives.”

Diaz said the program’s coordina-
tors have begun to realize that the 
problems of structural inequality, 
which SPACES is designed to com-
bat, go deeper than not knowing basic 
math.

“We want them to understand the 
role of gender, the role of culture and 
ethnicity, the role of the media in their 
lives,” she said. “We need to make these 
kids believe in themselves — that’s 
what we’re trying to do.”

Magtoto said that a program simi-
lar to Xoxotlani helped him get to 
college in the first place, but that the 
struggle didn’t end there for him.

“As a transfer student who is also a 
minority, it’s very difficult to find com-
munity — a network of people to talk 

to. Transfers only have two years to fin-
ish their degrees. That’s why I became 
involved with the Transfer Retention 
Program at SPACES, and eventually 
became its coordinator.”

The program is designed to help 
community college students adjust to 
the shock of bell curve grading and the 
quarter system. As with the high school 
program run jointly with Xoxotlani, 
TRP includes both time management 
and personal empowerment compo-
nents — a dual curriculum that has 
become a signature of the center’s 
many operations.

“It saved me,” Magtoto said of the 
SPACES-run program. “For the first 
time within it, I felt as though I had 
a home.”

Readers can contact Ayan Kusari at akusari@
ucsd.edu

A Space of  their Own: Increasing Access to Education for Minorities

“ Xoxotlani [pro-nounced “sho-sho-
tlani”] means ‘to 
flourish’ in Nahuatl, 
and that’s some-
thing I always keep 
with me.   uzair MohaMMad /Guardian 



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMbER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

PROFESSOR UNSCRIPTED
TERRA BLIGHT - THE LOFT

TUE 12.03 • 7pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
1 2 . 0 3 - 1 2 . 0 9

2 0 1 2

MON12.03
12pm
1ST MONDAY MUSIC CONCERT - CONRAD 
PREBYS MUSIC CENTER: CONCERT HALL
The December 1st Monday concert highlights late 
twentieth and early twenty-first century American 
music for solo piano and piano and voice. The program 
includes an original composition by Integrative Studies' 
Joshua Charney, Joseph Schwantner's Two Poems of 
Agueda Pizarro for voice and piano, and George 
Crumb's Eine Kleine Mitternachtmusik for amplified 
piano. FREE and open to the public.

2pm
ART & SOUL: HOLIDAY GREETING CARDS—THE 
ZONE
The perfect way to give a thoughtful gift without 
spending any money. All materials will be supplied, 
while supplies last. Workshop is free; space is limited 
to 16 and is first come, first serve. Mondays 
2:00-3:30pm at The Zone (Price Center Plaza by 
Jamba Juice).

7pm
BLABBERMOUTH—THE LOFT 
Have a story or song to share? Writers of prose, poetry, 
and fiction, as well as musicians and performers are 
welcome to come and share their art. Enjoy some bites 
and beverages and come support your fellow students! 
To participate, please contact Young Kim at University 
Centers Marketing, 858-822-2068, 
ucenmarketing@ucsd.edu.

FRI12.07
10am
PIYO STRENGTH - THE ZONE
A unique class designed to build strength and gain 
flexibility. The moves fit perfectly together to form a 
class with intense choreography that's fun, 
challenging, and will make you sweat. It's about 
energy, power, and rhythm. Think sculpted 
abdominals, increased overall core strength, and 
greater stability! 

1pm
THE EVOLUTION OF HUMAN NUTRITION - 
PRICE CENTER EAST BALLROOM
Join CARTA for a free public symposium, 'The 
Evolution of Human Nutrition.” This scientific 
symposium features distinguished scientists from 
diverse fields who will share their insights on how 
nutrition and diet have changed and played a key 
role in human origins, from our earliest ancestors to 
nutritional issues facing us today. Admission is free 
and open to the public, but registration is required.

8pm
GRAD FORUM (MUSIC CONCERT) -CONRAD 
PREBYS MUSIC CENTER
The second and final Grad Forum of the quarter 
brings together a fantastic collection of sound art, 
visual art, improvisation, and electroacoustic music. 
The program includes video art by the Visual Arts 
Department's Ava Porter alongside the second 
installment of Yvette Jackson's Invisible People (A 
Radio Opera). Accomplished improvisers, Drew 
Ceccato and Chris Golinski, join forces in what 
promises to be an astounding improv duo, and 
Adam Tinkle and Pablo Gomez present fascinating 
solo electroacoustic works. FREE.

3:30pm
THE HUMAN DEVELOPMENT INDEX FOR 
MEXICAN MIGRANTS TO THE U.S. - INSTITUTE 
OF THE AMERICAS COMPLEX, WEAVER CTR
Rodolfo de la Torre Garcia received a B.A. in 
Economics from the Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo 
de Mexico (ITAM) and a Master's degree in Economics 
from Oxford University. He is currently the general 
coordinator at the Human Development Research 
Office (HDRO) of the United Nations Development 
Programme (UNDP) Mexico. He is editor of Bienestar y 
Politica Social, a magazine published by the 
Inter-American Conference on Social Security (CISS), 
and is editorialist of the newspaper, El Universal. 
Rodolfo also leads the Mexican working group on 
topics related to poverty and inequality of the 
Inter-American Development Bank, the World Bank, 
and the Latin American and Caribbean Economic 
Association.

7:30pm
ARGENTINE TANGO CLUB: MILONGA HALF 
AND HALF - THE LOFT
Calling all tangueros, tangueras, tango supporters and 
the tango-curious! Join The Argentine Tango Club at 
UCSD at The Loft on Wednesday, December 5 from 
7:30-11pm when we magically transform our weekly 
practica into Milonga Half and Half, the first milonga 
of the school year at UCSD. Finish off the fall quarter 
with an evening of good music, great company, and 
tango dancing--with some special performances plus 
a photography exhibit!Contact: tango@ucsd.edu

THU12.06
10am
MEDITATION AT THE ZONE – THE ZONE
Come to The Zone from 10:00-10:30am for free 
meditation classes! Practice a variety of 
techniques to achieve greater mental clarity and a 
peaceful state of being. With the constant stress 
of academics and campus life, meditation will 
help recharge your mind and body. All levels 
welcome.

1:30pm
THERAPY DOGS! FREE EVERY THURSDAY – 
THE ZONE
Drop into The Zone every Thursday from 1:30 to 
2:30 pm to get some love from adorable, 
professional therapy dogs! Studies show that 
petting an animal can lower stress, and the 
smiles on students' faces proves this to be the 
case every time.

3pm
ROUNDTABLE DISCUSSIONS-‘‘LA PEPA’’AT 
200: REFLECTIONS ON THE ORIGIN OF 
CONSTITUTIONAL CULTURES IN SPAIN AND 
LATIN AMERICA – DEUTZ ROOM, COPLEY 
BUIDLING, INSTITUTE OF THE AMERICAS
This year marks the two hundredth anniversary of 
the Spanish Constitution of 1812, affectionately 
known as “La Pepa.” The first constitutional 
charter to govern peninsular Spain and imperial 
domains in Spanish America and the Philippines, 
“La Pepa” continues to influence the work of 
scholars examining political culture throughout 
the Hispanic world. Join us as we mark the 
bicentenary with reflections on the historical and 
continuing significance of “La Pepa” in Spain and 
Latin America. 

WED12.05TUE12.04
10am
FITNESS ZONE: BLT (BUTT, LEGS, TUMMY) - 
THE ZONE
Shape up your whole body, particularly those crucial 
problem areas: (Booty, Legs, and Tummy). This class 
will 'attack' these spots by training the core and 
lower body for increased strength and muscle tone, 
combined with fun cardiovascular exercises. A great 
way to burn those calories! Lead by FitLife 
instructor Lauren Labagh. Come experience all that 
Campus Recreation's FitLife has to offer! Each week 
highlights a different FitLife class. Have fun and get 
into the Fitness Zone! Tuesdays and Fridays 
10:00-10:45am at The Zone.

5pm
'TASTY TUESDAY' FREE WEEKLY COOKING 
DEMO - THE ZONE
Drop into The Zone every Tuesday from 5:00 to 
6:00pm for amazing live cooking demonstrations, 
complete with free food! Learn how to cook and eat 
healthfully, discover new recipes, and sample the 
food for free. Demonstrations feature local, organic, 
and vegetarian ingredients hosted by Whole Foods, 
Housing and Dining, Student Health Advocates, 
Recreation & more. Come hungry, leave healthy!

6pm
PROFESSOR UNSCRIPTED: FILM SCREENING 
OF ‘TERRA BLIGHT’—THE LOFT
Have you ever wondered where all of our clunky, 
stone-age desktop computers end up?Come join us 
for a free screening of 'Terra Blight'- a 
feature-length documentary exploring America's 
consumption of computers and the hazardous 
waste we create in pursuit of the latest technology. 
Professor Meg Eckles will be there to introduce the 
topic as well as answer questions regarding these 
environmental issues.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMbER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 9

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

ElEctronics
Onkyo TX-4500 Receiver - $250 - Audio, onkyo 
analog 80s device $250.00. Listing ID: 43326092 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more information

Diamondtel 92-m Phone - $125 - Phones, Mitsubishi 
in-car mounted phone from 90s very valuable and 
expensive back then. antenna, manual, cables, 
boxes included $125.00. Listing ID:  43326088 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more information

Kevek 12” Woofer - $45 - Audio, kevek $45.00 OBO, 
hafezone@aol.com. Listing ID:  43136842 at ucsd-
guardian.org/classifieds for more information

FurniturE
Twin size bed adjustable to King size - $65 - This is 
a two twin size mattresses, and a bed frame, twins 
size adjustable to king king size. I have to sell it 
immediately!! Please come pick it up by June 25th!! 
Thank you! Price is 65 dollar for everything!! Or OBO! 
Listing ID: 42701473 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Desk - $25 - IKEA desk, in very good condition. 
Listing ID: 43069640 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Coffee table - $5 - It’s just a dusted coffee table, I 
use it for my fish tank. It’s still in an excellent condi-
tion and clean like new!! I am rushing to move out, 
so need to sell it asap!! it’s 5 dollar, come pick it up 
today June 25! Listing ID:  42945720 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Office desk - $15 - 15 dollars for this desk, please 
come pick up by june 25th the latest!! please call 
415-244-807 for details. Listing ID:  41724375 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more information

PEts
Scarlet Macaw Baby - Tame - 1500.00 - Scarlet 
Macaw Baby, Gorgeous, Brilliant Bright Red Colors, 
Handfed and Extremely Tame, 3 months, $1,500.00 
ph# (858)397-4419 The most beautiful of all Macaws 
Breeds. Listing ID:  43327079 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

10 week lab/golden retriever - 50.00 - 2 10 week 
lab/golden retriever puppies, 1 female & 1 male, 
very sweet, raised with kids, have both parents, 
loving forever homes only. Call or text (253)905-
8175 or (253)905-0894 for more info or pics. Listing 
ID:  42702290 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Rare exotic Savannahs! - 900.00 - Savannahs!, Rare 
exotically marked kittens/cats up for adoption. 
Raised underfoot in loving home. Some play fetch 
and love water. TICA registration and health guar-
antee. $900 & up. sabira92101@gmail.com. Listing 
ID:  42701715 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

crossword

Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

PROTECT OUR
ENVIRONMENT

Post-Election Campaign Jobs 
Working for the Political Arm of CA’s 

Environmental Movement

FT/PT Positions Available Immediately

Earn $1340-$1740 / Month

Call Ryan @ (619) 523-0412

ACROSS
1 Toad feature
5 Cravings
10 W.W. Jacobs short story “The Monkey’s 

__”
13 Etonic competitor
14 Hollandaise and barbecue
16 Genetic molecule: Abbr.
17 Music genre that evolved in the ‘50s
19 “__ complicated”
20 Evil smile
21 Pac-10 hoops powerhouse
22 Cambridge sch.
23 Letter before kappa
26 Tranquil
28 How the wheels on the bus go
32 Possess
33 Italian “a”
34 Tide creations
37 Formally relinquish
39 Time off, briefly, and this puzzle’s 

theme
42 Winter fall
43 Hägar the Horrible’s dog
45 Zippy start?
46 Well-armed org.
47 “Old” nickname for Zachary Taylor
52 Nonsense
54 The ten in “hang ten”
55 Batter’s stat
56 Power co. product
58 Freeze, as a plane’s wings
62 + molecule, e.g.
63 Complain hysterically
66 Work unit
67 Like the night in a classic Van Gogh 

work
68 All done
69 Knox and McHenry: Abbr.
70 “Do the Right Thing” actor Davis
71 Wimpy

DOWN
1 Serious conflicts
2 Cosmetic caller
3 Paddy grain
4 Adopt, as a puppy
5 “Top Gun” org.
6 “Groovy!”
7 Hindu religious instructor
8 Chevy Volt or Ford Fusion
9 Do business with
10 Temperamental diva, e.g.
11 Shenanigan
12 Trash
15 First-rate, in Rugby
18 Yankee with 613 career homers
24 Bull: Pref.
25 Oscar winner Paquin
27 Nephew of Cain
28 Big birds of lore
29 Wilson of “Marley & Me”
30 Subordinates
31 “Who’s the Boss?” star Tony
35 Manor master
36 Oscillate
38 Sock ending
40 Car scar
41 Overhaul, as a Web site
44 Workers with an ear for music?
48 Italian ice cream
49 “Laughing” critters
50 Longtime Nevada senator Harry
51 Money for taxes and insurance may be 

held in it
52 Lawyer’s filing
53 NASA “Stop!”
57 NBA’s Shaq and Yao, e.g.
59 A gutter is often under it
60 Eye part containing the iris
61 Exec’s extra
64 “Taking Heat” memoirist Fleischer
65 PBS science guy Bill

•   
   A

SS
OC
IATED STUDENTS     •

UC SAN DIEG

O

you want to get involved with a.s.
just in case...

Want to make a difference on campus and impress potential 
employers and graduate schools with valuable hands-on experience? 

Apply today to be a part of Associated Students!

For more information about the open positions A.S. has to offer,
visit: https://as.ucsd.edu/council-old/positions/

AVP of Environmental and
Social Justice Affairs
Application closes Dec. 1st, at 11:59pm

Campus Wide Committee
Application closes Dec. 1st, at 11:59pm

Want to contribute your
knowledge and foresight
on matters regarding
sustainability?

Want to be the voice
of the students?



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMBER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

prove that they were not cannibals 
despite popular belief at the time.

The ship’s second Gulf of 
California Expedition was led by 
Roger Revelle, the scientist who later 
became the director of Scripps from 
1950 to 1964, for whom Scripps’ cur-
rent flagship is named. This expedi-
tion focused on the geography of the 
surrounding lands, making observa-
tions about the rock formations that 
helped in understanding the geologi-
cal history of the area.

In 1950, a joint expedition 
between Scripps and 
the U.S. Navy aboard 
the research ship 
Horizon and the 
navy ship PCE(R) 
857 lead to the dis-
covery of the Mid-
Pacific mountain 
range at the bot-
tom of the Pacific 
Ocean. The scien-
tists also confirmed 
a theory of Charles 
Darwin’s about atoll 
formation due to the 
upward growth of 
coral reef and pro-
vided key support 
for Darwin’s evolu-
tionary theory, contributing to its 
widespread acceptance.

Researchers also found that the 
seafloor was not old and smooth as 
they had expected. The data they 
collected raised questions about the 
spreading of the seafloor that the the-
ory of plate tectonics — a theory that 
is taught almost universally in science 
classes today — would answer.

It should be noted, however, 
that not all the Scripps missions are 
purely research-oriented. The 1970-

71 Antipode Expedition, the maiden 
voyage of the Roger Revelle, was 
funded in part by the U.S. Navy to 
survey 25 sites for deep sea drilling. 
Likewise, the purpose of the 1976-
77 Indopac Expedition was not only 
to capture live benthic amphipods, 
shrimp-like creatures that live on 
the ocean floor, but also to iden-
tify potential drill sites across the 
Philippines Basin, where the amphi-
pods were most frequently found.

The Scripps fleet will grow in 
2015 with the addition of the cur-
rently unnamed AGOR28. The new 
ship is currently under construc-

tion in Dakota 
Creek, D.C. It 
will recieve full 
funding from 
the U.S. Office of 
Naval Research. 
In return for this, 
Scripps scientists 
use their ves-
sels to assist in 
researching ways 
to develop effi-
cient tools such 
as GPS and sonar 
location for use 
by the Navy, 
among other 
developments.

Even though 
the AGOR28 has yet to be chartered 
for expeditions, researchers at the 
Scripps Institution are enthusiastic 
about the new ship’s potential to facil-
itate research trips, Appelgate said. 

“Scripps’ research vessels have 
been involved in just about every 
important discovery in the ocean 
since we started sending research ves-
sels,” Appelgate said.

Readers can contact Mindy Lam at mtl010@
ucsd.edu

Scripps Ships Have Traveled to 
Remote Islands, Discovered Oil 
▶ SCRIPPS, from page 6 BY minA nilchiAn

Associate Features Editor

Students who find themselves 
stuck on campus on a Friday have 
few options. They can risk throwing 
a party (almost certain to get busted 
by 11 p.m.), order yet another round 
of cookies from the Secret Cookie 
Service, or do what too many of us 
wind up doing week after week — 
study.

But for one Revelle College senior, 
living on campus presents another 
option for Friday night shenanigans.

“I’ve been [to the underground 
tunnels] probably at least three or four 
times,” Darryl Howard said. 

UCSD’s underground tunnel sys-
tem certainly has a reputation for 
being risky. In an article published on 
Feb. 15, 2011, the Voice of San Diego 
debunked the myth that the tunnels 
serve as a transportation system for 
the National Guard in case of large 
student protests. The news organiza-
tion’s article  “Fact Check: UCSD’s 
(Not So) Mythic Tunnels” concludes 
that there is no good evidence demon-
strating that the tunnels are designed 
to be used in this way.

Richard Cota, Assistant Director of 
Building Operations at UCSD, stated 
that in his 20 years working at UCSD, 
the tunnels have never served any 
purpose aside from what they were 
built to do.

“They carry utilities throughout 
the majority of the campus,” Cota said. 
“They have some telecom cabling in 
there, high temperature hot water, the 
chill water that’s created at the central 
plant. There is some electricity that 
goes through there, natural gas, com-
pressed air.”

The tunnels were built when 
Revelle College was built, and was 
expanded as the campus grew to the 

east and the north until it was no 
longer cost-efficient to maintain a 
full tunnel system. Today the tun-
nel system originates in Revelle, runs 
toward Bonner Hall, passes under the 
main gym, and winds its way down 
by Geisel. It looks around the school 
of medicine and then back into the 
central plan

But the rest of campus also gets its 
water and electricity from these large 
central pipes, albeit indirectly, via a 
system of smaller pipes. The expanded 
tunnel system saves energy by gen-
erating the campus’s utilities in one 
central source and then distributing 
them out. The tunnels were the rea-
son for the Environmental Protection 
Agency’s decision to give UCSD the 
Star CHP Award in 2010, awarding it 
for “demonstrating considerable fuel 
and emissions savings over compara-
ble, state-of-the-art separate heat and 
power generation.”

“To have in general chilled water 
and hot water generated at one loca-
tion and then distributed out to the 
other buildings, that is energy-saving 
in itself,” Cota said, adding that similar 
tunnel systems exist at the Stanford 
University and UCLA campuses. “It is 
one of the most efficient ways to do it, 
so some of the older universities do try 
and do it this way.”

Of course, their uncertified use as 
a dangerous adventure spot is what 
makes the tunnels infamous to most 
students. And according to safety reg-
ulations, they’re off-limits to anyone 
other than facilities workers and con-
tractors working for the school.

“It’s considered a confined space,” 
Cota said. “That means that evacua-
tion is not easy. If there was a problem 
down there, a broken wire, a broken 
pipe, there’s only one or two ways to 
get out, so you’d have to go those ways 
and have a plan in place.”

Howard agrees that it’s probably 
not the safest place to go.

“There are these massive steam 
pipes, they’re covered in asbestos and 
they’re leaking and it’s a really nar-
row tunnel system,” he said. “If a pipe 
burst, you would die pretty instantly.”

Cota says the tunnels are not much 
of a spectacle.

“It doesn’t happen all that much 
that we find somebody, but there’s evi-
dence of folks getting in there, writing 
on the wall, like ‘I was here,’” Cota said.

Cota says that if he were to catch 
students in the tunnels, which he has 
yet to do, he would simply escort 
them out — unless they resisted, in 
which case he would notify the cam-
pus police.

It’s unclear what the current pen-
alty for being caught is, but UCSD 
students and outsiders alike seem to 
think it’s worth the risk.

One group, the San Diego Urban 
Exploration Meetup group — an 
organization not affiliated with the 
school — has even planned organized 
trips to the tunnels despite the fact 
that entering the tunnels is illegal. 
The group’s website posts event plans, 
and even though multiple users com-
ment that the trip would be illegal, the 
most recent trip, which was scheduled 
for Oct. 16, 2010, actually went as 
planned.

“Most of the group bailed, but a 
couple of us persisted,” a group mem-
ber who wished to be identified as 
“Dave T.” said. “We ran into one of the 
facilities managers in the basement of 
one of the buildings, and I was able to 
sweet-talk him into letting us at least 
take a look in the door. In the end he 
gave us about an hour tour of some of 
the tunnels.”

Readers can contact Mina Nilchian at 
mnilchia@ucsd.edu

A Trip Through UCSD’s Hidden 
Tunnels: Purposes and Punishments

“  The researchers 
were able to make 
contact with Seri 
Indians, and prove 
that they were not 
cannibals despite 
popular belief at 
the time.

“ 



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMBER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

“In the second half, it was a com-
pletely different game,” Hernandez 
said. “They came at us, and while 
they were attacking they managed 
to put one away, and we didn’t have 
enough time to come back.”

The loss marks the last game for 
an unprecedented 10 UCSD seniors, 
with five of whom consistently start-
ing for the past four seasons, and 
with three of whom garnering All-
American honors.

Senior defenders Ellen Wilson 
and Hayley Johnson, anchor-
ing a three-man backline that has 
allowed just 16 goals in 24 games, 
both earned All-American and All-
CCAA honors. Senior midfield-
er Jessica Wi finishes her time at 
UCSD earning an All-America nod, 
while also being named to the All-
CCAA team. Senior forward Gabi 
Hernandez earned the All-CCAA 
Tournament MVP, while senior 
defender Britnee Chesney also gar-
nered All-Conference honors.

“This is one of the best teams 
we’ve ever had at UCSD, both on the 
field and off the field,” McManus said 

to the UCSD Athletics Department. 
“The things that they do to go the 
extra mile for the program has been 
tremendous.”

The loss is the second time the 
Tritons came up short in the NCAA 
title match within the past three sea-
sons. In 2010, UCSD fell to Grand 
Valley State, a squad they took down 
this season en route to the NCAA 
Championship.

This season, 26-season tenured 
McManus will go without his eighth 
national title, but earns his 433rd 
career victory, making him the win-
ningest coach in Division II history.

McManus will be back next sea-
son, along with a squad that retains 
Brodsky, a goalkeeper who has 
proved herself as a freshman, as well 
as two of their most reliable goal-
scorers, junior Izzy Pozurama and 
sophomore Cassie Callahan. 

“I think that the underclassmen 
have stepped up a lot as we’ve pro-
gressed throughout the season, and 
I do think that they’re going to be 
successful beyond this,” Wilson said. 

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu

By Rachel Uda
Sports Editor

MEN’S BASKETBALL — An inability 
to close games has haunted the UCSD 
Men’s Basketball team. The Tritons are 
currently the only team in the confer-
ence without a CCAA win, starting 
season play with a 1-5 overall record, 
and a 1-3 CCAA record.

Over the weekend, UCSD com-
peted at home, taking on Cal State Los 
Angeles on Friday, Nov. 30 and CSU 
Dominguez Hills on Saturday, going 
up early in both games before being 
overtaken down the home stretch.

“We’ve been doing a lot of good 
things, we just need to put it all togeth-
er,” UCSD head coach Chris Carlson 
said. “We haven’t really played a 
40-minute game yet, and I think when 
we do it’s gonna be a real problem for 
the rest of the league.”

Against CSU Dominguez Hills, 
UCSD seemed the better squad for 
the first 30 minutes of the game. The 
Tritons went into the second half with 
a 36-29 lead, which they extended to 
as much as 11-point lead after starting 
the period. 

But from there, the Toros began 
to chip at the lead, rushing the perim-
eter to defend UCSD’s shooters while 
continuing to shutdown the Triton 
forwards. 

The discrepancy between UCSD’s 
shooting percentages in the first and 
second halves shine a light on one 
of the reasons why the Tritons were 
unable to close out the game. In the 
first half, UCSD went a very solid 46.7 
percent, while shooting a dismal 24 
percent in the second half. 

“I think we’ll shoot the ball better, 
I don’t think we’ve shot the ball well in 
recent weeks, and I know we’re a better 
shooting team than we are, and we just 
gotta keep working at it,” Carlson said.

In games past, UCSD’s outside 
shooting ability has kept the Tritons 
in games. Senior shooting guard Tyler 
McGrath had another solid shooting 
night, going 6-for-13 from the field, 
while also picking up three three-
pointers. McGrath recorded his third 
team-leading performance, finishing 
with 19 points. Junior point guard 
James McCann did a solid job bring-
ing up the ball for the Tritons, despite 
facing full-court man defense for most 
of the game, while also contributing 
10 points.

One of the biggest surprises on 
the night was freshman forward Drew 
Dyer’s offensive impact. The 6’6” for-
ward has an affinity for the perim-
eter, getting open from the wing and 
knocking down shots as his defender 
sags off. Dyer ended the night with 13 
points on top of six rebounds.

Fortunately, the Tritons have a two-
week break coming up, giving UCSD 
an opportunity to regroup and work.

“We’re gonna work on our shoot-
ing,” Carlson said. “We’re gonna work 
on our defense. There were some times 
when we had some breakdowns in the 
second half that we need to work on. 
And we’re gonna get better at what we 
do, and we’re gonna work in the two-
plus weeks that we’ve got here.”

UCSD’s next game will not be until 
Dec. 16, against Pacifica at home. The 
Tritons then have another lengthy 
break, where they will not return to 
competition until Dec. 30.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu

Tritons Winless in 
Conference Play

what they do and work to be able 
to apply the skills learned in their 
majors to a wide array of fields 
including marketing, communica-
tions, design, public relations and 

education. This same process would 
apply to sports majors. Through the 
classes student-athletes take, they 
would learn enough to have a back-
up career in the sports industry if 
going pro doesn’t work out — take 
physical therapy, sports manage-

ment or sports law, for instance.
So maybe it’s too early to laugh at 

the idea of majoring in professional 
sports. For many student-athletes, it 
could be a viable step to a career in a 
booming, resilient industry.

▶ ANDERSoN, from page 12

Sports Major, a Viable Option For Collegiate Athletes

▶ SPoRTS from page 1

Women’s Soccer Concedes 1-0 
Loss in National Title Match

The Guardian

For more info...
email web@ucsdguardian.org

We're
looking for a
webmaster!

 isn't just for writers.



12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, DECEMBER 3,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.org /  follow @UCSD_sports CONTACT THE EDITOR

When I first heard about 
David Pargman’s proposal to cre-
ate a sports major for college ath-
letes, I laughed and groaned at the 
same time. Athletes are painfully 
aware of our reputation as a meat-
headed, heavy-handed hive mind 
that’s oblivious to the world out-
side of grass fields and big muscles. 

Oftentimes, especially for those of 
us at academics-focused institutions 
like UCSD, we try our best to refute 
that image. But at first impression, 
the idea of a major in sports just 
seems like the last nail in the coffin 
of sullied repute: another instance 
of the supposedly widespread (or at 
least rumored) practice of athletes 
skating through college by taking 
easy classes and gaining worthless 
degrees while focusing solely on 
workouts and games.

But after reading Pargman’s 
proposal and the column by 
ThinkProgress.org’s Travis Waldron, 
an official major in professional 
sports may actually seem like a good 
idea.

An athletics major would not 
involve sitting around a TV drink-
ing beer and watching NFL players 
bash into each other for units. In 
fact, the proposal entails a rather 
daunting requirement list — among 
the classes proposed by Waldron are 
public speaking, anatomy, physiol-
ogy, business, contract law, sport-
specific labs and on-field training. 
In other words, after athletes have 
completed their GE courses, they 
would be given a comprehensive 
education in everything that goes 
into being a professional athlete — 
which many other majors offered to 
those interested in a sports career 
don’t supply. Other majors popu-
lar with student-athletes like physi-
cal therapy don’t involve soft-skill 
development needed by the pros 
like public speaking or knowledge 
of law. On the other side of the 
spectrum, degrees in marketing or 
sports management don’t offer tan-
gible scientific knowledge about the 
human body that pro athletes and 
their managers also need to have a 
working knowledge of.

The discipline might even give 
more academic direction and moti-
vation to student-athletes otherwise 
disinterested in school by giving 
them an opportunity to major in 
their true aspiration of going pro. 
Sure, it might be impractical to 
attend college in the hopes of some-
day becoming a professional athlete. 
But as a Literature/Writing major, 
I’m hardly one to point any fingers. 
The thing is, students who major 
in supposedly impractical majors 
like visual arts, dance, literature, 
music and, yes, athletics, know that 
the chances are slim for making 
it big or even entering a career 
directly in line with their major. 
But those students are more often 
than not extremely passionate about 

Sports 
Major, Not    
Just For 
Meatheads

On 

ldanders@ucsd.edu

Track
LORATO ANDERSON

By Rachel Uda  • Sports Editor
Zev Hurwitz • News Editor

Tritons  Open  ccaa  play

WOMEN’S BASKETBALL — The UCSD Women’s 
Basketball team picked up a pair of much needed wins 
as they opened conference play on Friday, Nov. 30 and 
Saturday, Dec. 1 at RIMAC Arena. The Tritons, who 
took out conference opponents Cal State Los Angeles 
and CSU Dominguez Hills on consecutive nights, have 
quickly jumped to No. 2 in the CCAA standings, behind 
the 3-0 Chico State Wildcats.

This weekend provided two crucial wins for UCSD 
who had struggled in non-conference play. The Tritons 
improve to one game under .500 at 4-5 on the season, 
winning back-to-back games for the first time since the 
NCAA Tournament last season.

UCSD 70, Cal State Los Angeles 49

The Tritons never trailed in their Friday night rout 
of the visiting Golden Eagles. UCSD jumped to an early 
15-0 lead. It took Cal State L.A. until 14:46 left in the first 
half to put up their first bucket, but the Tritons never 
looked back en route to a 38-26 halftime lead. Senior 
guard Daisy Feder had 12 first-half points on her way to 
a game-high of 21 points.

After the Golden Eagles managed to reduce the lead 
to eight with 16:55 to play, UCSD went on an 8-0 run and 
kept a strong lead for the rest of the game.

Sophomore point guard Miranda Seto tied her career 
high of 14 points and junior forward Erin Dautremont 
had 12 points and 11 rebounds for her second consecu-
tive double-double.

Feder has led the Tritons in scoring this season, and is 
averaging 21.1 points per game. UCSD head coach Heidi 
VanDerveer thinks Feder has been effective as a team 
leader this season.

“As Daisy goes, we go,” VanDerveer said. “She’s actu-
ally relaxed while being aggressive and that’s helped her 
and helped us.”

UCSD 74, CSU Dominguez Hills 66

The Toros kept their Saturday evening game against 
the Tritons close with both teams trading baskets for 
most of the first half. Nine turnovers plagued UCSD in 
the first half and the Toros outrebounded the Tritons by 
12 heading into halftime.

After trailing by a point at the end of the first half, the 
Tritons never lost the lead after a three-pointer by Seto 
to start the second half. UCSD’s lead was cut to three 

with only six minutes to play in the game, but the Tritons 
were able to prevent a late Toro comeback by going on 
a 7-0 run.

“We played with a lot more energy in the second 
half,” head coach Heidi VanDerveer said. “We were able 
to come back and grind it out and have people make big 
plays.”

Four Tritons reached double figures with Feder again 
leading all scorers again with 25 points. UCSD shot 42.7 
percent from the field and 90 percent from the foul line, 
but was badly outrebounded 40-26.

“We need to rebound,” VanDerveer said. “Great 
teams rebound. We need to really work on boxing out, 
finding a body and getting much more aggressive on 
the glass.”

The Tritons won’t play again until after finals week 
at UCSD when they travel to CSU San Bernardino on 
Dec. 16.

The UCSD Women’s Basketball team is 2-0 in CCAA play, 
after taking back-to-back wins last weekend.

photos by bEAtRIZ bAJUELos/Guardian

See ANDERSoN, page 11


	120312News
	120312MOpinion
	120312Features
	120312_CALENDAR_Pg8
	120312_Classifieds_PG9
	120312Features
	120312Sports

