
SHIP Will     
Cover 
Birth 
Control

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGTHURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2012THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGWWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 32

INSIDE
THURSDAY

Height: 1.5-2.5 ft.
Wind: 5-15 mph

Water Temp: 58 F

FRIDAY
Height: 1.5 ft.
Wind: 3-9 mph

Water Temp: 58 F

SATURDAY
Height: 1.5-2 ft.
Wind: 6-8 mph 

Water Temp: 58 F

SUNDAY
Height: 3-4 ft.

Wind: 16-21 mph 
Water Temp: 58 F

LOW

$3.65
ARCO, Escondido 
538 N Nordahl Rd & CA-78

HIGH

$4.56
76, Coronado
900 Orange Ave & 9th St.

THURSDAY
H 66 L 44

FRIDAY
H 67 L 47

GAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

SATURDAY
H 63 L 49

SUNDAY
H 61 L 45

That Moment in Life ..............2
New Business ........................3
How-to Guru ..........................4
Letters to the Editor ...............4
Dodging the Horizon .............6
Sudoku ..................................9
Sports ..................................12

THURSDAY FRIDAY

Imagine one of our two-minute 
online videos blown up into two 

hours with psychedelic full-sized Muppets 
dancing around on stage.”

NIC MAIEV
Video Artist and Comedian

“
SATURDAY SUNDAY

SURF REPORT

HURSDAY

BY NATALIE COVATE
Staff Writer

This month’s Special Election ballot will 
offer students the chance to have a say  in 
the future of CLICS. One survey question, 
written by a group of students, will ask for 
the respondents input on how the former 
library should operate. 

The CLICS-specific question was created 
in response to the current renovation plan 
to put a 400-seat lecture hall in the middle 
of CLICS; this plan would limit study space 
around the building’s perimeter. Students 
will be able to tell A.S. Council how they 
want the space to be used.

CLICS, previously a UCSD-operated 
library and study space, closed at the end 
of the 2010-11 academic year due to budget 
cuts. Students broke into the building Fall 
Quarter. Since then, it has been a student-
operated study space.

“I would say [the resistance to the 
closure of the library] started when the 
announcement was made that CLICS was 
going to be shut down,” A.S. Vice President 
of External Affairs Samer Naji said.

Initial construction plans for CLICS 
were released to students during a Town 
Hall meeting on Feb. 6.   According to 
A.S. President Alyssa Wing, who is also 
Representative to the Building Advisory 
Committee for Galbraith Hall, the plan to 
build a large lecture hall in Galbraith Hall 

BY NICOLE CHAN
Associate News Editor

UCSD professor Sandra Daley 
received a grant of $742,222 this 
January from the U.S. Department of 
Health and Human Services. Daley, 

former Assistant 
Chancellor and 
Chief Diversity 
Officer, said that 
the grant will 
fund diversity 
programs held at 
the UCSD School 
of Medicine and 

other local organizations.  
     “UC San Diego is committed to 
providing students of all backgrounds 
with the tools and resources they need 
to be successful in their educational 
endeavors,” Daley, professor of 
pediatrics and director of the 

Comprehensive Research Center in 
Health Disparities, said in an email. 
“This grant supports our mission 
by funding programs conducted 
at UC San Diego, San Diego State 
University and the San Diego Border 
Area Health Education Center. These 
programs will help disadvantaged 
students in San Diego pursue their 
dreams of becoming doctors in the 
health sciences, nurses and other 
health professionals, and thereby 
ensure a strong and diverse healthcare 
workforce for our nation’s future.” 
     Daley currently runs the Health 
Careers Opportunity Program/
San Diego Regional Consortium, a 
program designed to help students 
from disadvantaged backgrounds 
prepare for graduate and health 
professional schools. According 
to Daley, the HCOP/SDRC begins 
working with students while they are 

in middle school to ensure their access 
to higher educational programs.  
     According to a Jan. 31 campus 
press release, the UCSD School 
of Medicine program provides 
students in the San Diego Unified 
and Sweetwater School Districts and 
community college students from San 
Diego and Imperial Counties with 
access to mentoring programs, lab 
activities, workshops and hands-on 
research training.  
     HCOP/SDRC is one of 14 
programs in the nation to be awarded 
the grant. The grant, which was 
funded by the Health Resources 
Services Administration, will enable 
the continuation of these diversity 
programs that have so far helped over 
1,500 local students.

Readers can contact Nicole Chan at 
n3chan@ucsd.edu.

BY MICHAEL CHANG
Staff Writer

Birth control pill prescriptions will be covered by the UC system’s Student Health Insurance Plan 
at no additional cost by August 2012. 
     The U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services stated Jan. 20 that most insurance 
plans must now cover contraceptive services 
for clients.

“UC SHIP wants to be in compliance with 
the Affordable Care Act,” Director of Student 
Health Regina Fleming said. “The Affordable 
Care Act requires that contraceptives are 
available without a co-pay for patients.” 
   While the ruling does not directly affect 
UC SHIP, the universities will adopt the 
policy. This would allow the plan to provide 
benefits similar to those found under 
a parent’s or private insurance’s policy. 

     “The goal for 
UC SHIP from the 
inception has been 
to keep it in compliance 
with the regulations of the 
mandates of the Affordable Care 
Act,” Fleming said. “We’re trying to phase in 
each of those requirements as the time frame 
comes up that it’s supposed to be in effect. It’s 
very, very unlikely that the executive committee 
would select not to provide a benefit that is 
mandated by the Affordable Care Act.”

Female students at UC campuses will gain 
access to Federal Drug Administration-approved 
preventative and contraceptive measures. While 
SHIP currently covers prescriptions for birth 
control pills, it requires a co-pay of $15 per 
month for undergraduate students and $5 per 
month for graduate students to get generic 
brand pills from Student Health Services. 
     Brand-name pills are more costly at $30 per 

month for undergraduate students and $25 
per month for graduate students. For students 
that have waived the school’s insurance plan, 
the price could vary between $20 a month 
to $85 a month depending on the brand. 
     A proposal of the benefits and premium rates 
for the 2012-13 academic year as well as the 
changes to SHIP must still be approved by the 
UC SHIP Executive Committee. The student 
health advisory committee of each UC school 
provides campus-specific input regarding the 
plan. 

This information is shared on the system-
wide UC SHIP Advisory Committee through 

Professor Receives $700K Grant

LIBRARIES

Students 
to Vote on 
Future of  
CLICS

NATIONAL

GRANT

See CLICS, page 3

SANDRA DALEY

JEFFREY LAU/GUARDIAN

BITING THE DUST

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN

The UCSD softball team lost to No. 15 Chico State in the conference opener, 
dropping 3-1 in the four-game series.

Students covered by the 
UC healthcare provider will 
no longer pay a co-pay for  
contraceptives by Fall 2012.

See SHIP, page 3

DOG DAY AFTERNOON, PAGE 6



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Apply for Fall 2012 admission at  

www.usfca.edu/biotech

Learn more at www.usfca.edu/biotech

More details:

www.usfca.edu/grad/requestinfo 

415.422.5101  

asgrad@usfca.edu

the Master’s prograM in biotechnoLogy

The San Francisco Bay Area is the leading center of biotechnology in the world.

If you’re considering a program in biotechnology, you should consider the  

University of San Francisco. Our Master’s Program offers:

•	 Lab	experience	in	molecular	biology	and	molecular	genetics

•	 Applied	approach	to	research	and	development

•	 Intern	with	a	Bay	Area	biotech	firm

study biotechnology in 
the heart of biotechnology.

USF_Biotech_bw R6.indd   1 1/2/12   11:20 AM

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .

g e t  i n f o r m e d . . .

new, bold look!

visit

more content. . . new, bold look!

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .
new, bold look! ucsdguardian.org

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2012, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or 
Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded by 
advertising. You are not Jeremy Lin! 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: focus@ucsdguardian.org

Leisure: leisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

Advertising & Marketing Assistants
Christine Alabastro 

Christine Doo 
Shilpa Sharma

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Nathan Toung, Leo Bui, Rebecca Horwitz, Arielle Sallai, 

Angela Chen

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Nicole Chan
Zev Hurwitz
Laira Martin

Madeline Mann

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Nicholas Howe

Mina Nilchian

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Andrew Whitworth

Monica Haider
Emily Pham

Andrew Oh

Nolan Thomas

Nathan Toung

Rebekah Hwang

Jeffrey Lau

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Leisure Editor

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Development Editor

THAT MOMENT IN LIFE By Irene Chiang

VISUAL DIARY By Khanh Nguyen

BY JAVIER ARMSTRONG
Staff Writer

Researchers from UCSD, the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography and the National 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, along 
with other ocean mapping groups from around 
the world, worked with Google Earth to update 
its Google Ocean application in early February. 

“The original version of Google Ocean was 
a newly developed prototype map that had high 
resolution but also contained thousands of blun-
ders,” Scripps geophysicist David Sandwell said in 
a Feb. 7 campus press release. 

Five UCSD undergraduate students 
from the physics department spent the 
past three years identifying and correct-
ing the blunders, according to Sandwell. 
     Google researchers used updated bathym-
etry gathered by the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. Bathymetry is the underwater 
equivalent to topography, a process that Scripps 
has been using to generate global bathymetric 
maps since 1994. 

“You can measure bathymetry in a variety of 
ways,” Sandwell said. “One way would be to use a 
multibeam echo sounders.”

Multibeam echo sounders are a type of sonar 
system. Sound waves 

are bounced off of the sea floor, at which point 
data returns to the surface, which helps research-
ers map out the shape of the sea floor.

The update includes more accurate imaging 
and mapping of certain ocean areas using multi-
beam data. Some of the data was collected during 
the last three decades using Scripps research ves-
sels such as the Washington, Melville and Revelle. 

“Those are just three ships out of the global 
fleet,” Sandwell said. “Globally there might be 40 
ships that have contributed data — Scripps has 
provided a large contribution.”

According to a YouTube video released by 
Google on Feb. 1, Google used satellite data 
for the update from both U.S. and European 
spacecrafts. Google also used shipboard sound-
ing data from surveys carried out by over 40 
different countries.According to the press 
release, UCSD undergraduate physics student 
Alexis Shakas processed all the U.S. multibeam 
data and then worked with Google research-
ers in order to update the bathymetric maps.  
     Sandwell said that the update matches the sea 
floor map to the map that is used in the research 
community, giving researchers a more useful tool 
for planning expeditions to uncharted areas. 

A grid-like pattern on Google Ocean that 
appeared off of the north coast of Africa was 
mistakenly believed to be Atlantis. The updated 

program has since corrected this error.  
NOAA now confirms that the grid-like feature 

was caused by Google using numerous data sets 
that can cause an overlap of information. The 
updated Google Ocean has erased this feature from 
the ocean floor. According to the Feb. 7 UCSD 
press release, the next update will come later this 
year with the introduction of a new gravity model 
that has twice the accuracy of previous models. 

Readers can contact Javier Armstrong at jtarmstr@ucsd.
edu

Scripps, Google Team Up to Update Ocean Application
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY

SNIGHDHA PAUL/GUARDIAN

CORRECTIONS
The Feb. 13 the article “University Centers 
Fee May Increase $39 Annually” incorrectly 
stated that students will be voting this month 
on a UCEN referendum. The referendum 
has not yet passed through council.

The Guardian corrects all errors brought to 
the attention of the editors. Corrections can 
be sent to editor@ucsdguardian.org.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

Four members of the public addressed A.S. Council the public regarding 
the Division-I referendum at 
W e d n e s d a y ’ s 
meeting. These 
students spoke 
both in favor of 
and against the 
referendum.

AVP of 
College Affairs 
Leonard Bobbitt 
was excited to announce that every 
week a new college council will be 
visiting, starting with Muir College 
this week.

“Please be nice to them and show 
them that we can be nice people 
when we like to be,” he said.

AVP of Academic Affairs Mac 
Zilber announced that there is a 
new policy stating that if a student 
is accused of academic misconduct, 
the student can now drop the class 
before the professor takes actions 
against you. 

However, this blessing in disguise 
will not prevent administrative 
actions from being taken against the 
accused student.

Engineering Senator Parminder 
Sandhu reminded council that his 
Engineering-on-a-stick event is 
scheduled for Thursday of Week 10. 
As if anyone has had an opportunity 
to forget.

Councilmember of the Week 
is AVP of Student Organizations 
Pauline Nuth. She was unaware 
that a celebratory strut is expected, 
but VP of Student Life Meredith 
Madnick was able to catch her and 
send her down the runway.

President Alyssa Wing 
announced her Diversity Dinner 
event. However, at $17 per plate 
and expected attendance around 40 

students, council debated whether 
or not to fund the event.

“I understand that the event 
should be more formal [than 

other events], 
but we’ve had 
convers at ions 
about saving 
money and 
allowing more 
projects to reach 
more students,” 
Sandhu said.

The event’s funding was 
ultimately passed with the condition 
that Wing and her office will look 
into less expensive catering options.

A.S. Judicial Board members 
criticized new election bylaws 
implemented this year in a 
special presentation showing the 
unconstitutionality of Section 5.5.

“It worries me that this 
is coming out on the eve of an 
election,” Bobbitt said. “It puts A.S. 
in an uncomfortable situation and 
it puts [the Judicial] Board in an 
uncomfortable situation.”

However, since the candidate-
filing period has officially begun, 
no changes can be made to bylaws.

“I want to ask us to table [these 
changes] until after the election 
since nothing can be done right 
now, and also to tone down the 
hostility, particularly on the side 
of A.S. Council,” VP of External 
Affairs Samer Naji said.

Madnick and VP of Finance and 
Resources Kevin Hoang announced 
the creation of Sun God for a Cause. 
When students pick up their Sun 
God wristbands, they can opt to 
donate a dollar to VH1’s Save the 
Music foundation. 

Local educational music 
programs will thrive on UCSD’s 
intoxicated festivities.

Council Discusses Election 
Bylaws, Sun God for a Cause

New
NATALIE COVATE
ncovate@ucsd.edu

Business

Student Health Fees May be Adjusted Due to New Coverage 
both the student and SHS staff 
representatives, providing further 
input for the UC SHIP Executive 
Committee, which makes 
final decisions about the plan. 
   If the measure passes, students 
will not have to pay a co-pay. The 
brands covered by the formulary 
are still being decided, according to 
Fleming. The cost increase to enroll 
in SHIP for students is expected to be 
less than 1 percent. UC Regents have 
made health insurance a mandatory 

non-academic requirement to be 
enrolled in the UC system since 
September 2001, due to increasing 
health care costs and a rising number 
of students without health coverage. 

Currently, the enrollment 
cost for UCSD’s SHIP is $310 per 
quarter for undergraduates and 
$549 per quarter for graduates and 
professionals. The fee is automatically 
charged upon enrolling in classes.  
     Students are allowed to waive 
the fee if they are already have 
comparable coverage by another 

plan and do not wish to pay for 
SHIP. UCSD has not yet determined 
whether the change in coverage plan 
will have an impact on the cost 
of SHIP. All students are able to 
use the on-campus SHS whether 
they are enrolled in the plan or not.  
     According to Fleming, 20 to 25 
percent of prescriptions currently 
filled at SHS are for birth control 
pills.

Readers can contact Michael Chang at 
mechang@ucsd.edu.

Cost of  Renovating CLICS Would Be More Than $6.7 Million
began due to the growing need for 
more lecture halls.

“[The committee] researched 
where we could feasibly put a lecture 
hall, and renovating a building that 
is already there makes more sense 
than to try to build one somewhere 
else,” Wing said.

Approximately 30 students, three 
tenured professors and a union 
representative attended the Town 
Hall meeting in defense of the 
building as a study space.

“It was astounding how many 
students were outraged at the plan,” 
Eleanor Roosevelt College senior 
and author of the ballot question 
Sophia Lawson said. “A lot of the 
rage came from the lecture hall that 
was going to be [built] there.”

According to Lawson, one of the 
students in attendance said that the 
lecture hall construction plan should 
be scrapped altogether. 

Wing recommended creating a 
ballot question that could be added 
to the special election ballot in order 
to get a clear idea of what students 
want to see happen to the space.

“[Wing told me that] someone 
needs to pen a question and bring 

it to [her] at the A.S. meeting and 
try to get it passed,” Lawson said. 
     The question originally read, “In 
2011, UCSD closed CLICS library 
to save $450,000 annually. There 
are plans to renovate the space 
to include a 420-seat lecture hall 
and limit study space to three side 
rooms, which will cost more than 
$6,700,000. Do you agree that this 
is the best use of these funds to help 
you achieve your educational goals?”  
   During the Feb. 8 meeting, A.S. 
Council decided that the question 
needed to be reworded to make it 
sound more neutral and to clarify 
that students are voting on what they 
want A.S. Council to advocate.

  The question now reads: “What 
would you like to see A.S. [Council] 
advocate for with regards to the 
CLICS space (Galbraith Hall)?” This 
question will have four options for 
students to select from, including an 
“other” option where students can 
describe their position.

No one, including Lawson, 
challenged the rewording of the 
ballot question.

 “I think [changing the question] 
was a fair process,” Lawson said. 
“Obviously, I have very strong 

feelings for CLICS, [but] the whole 
point was to get a response that 
reflects what the student body 
wants.”

Results of the student survey 
may impact the actions council will 
take in the renovation of CLICS. 
     “Let’s say the majority [of students] 
say they want A.S. [Council] to 
advocate the lectur de hall with limited 
study space, then A.S. [Council] will 
continue what it’s doing,” Naji said. 
“However, if the majority say they 
want a student-run building, then 
A.S. [Council] will have to seriously 
reevaluate their plans.”

According to Wing, the Building 
Advisory Committee for Galbraith 
Hall is already responding to students. 
On Feb. 29, there will be a presentation 
at the A.S. Council meeting regarding 
the need for lecture halls.

“[The Committee] wants to 
provide information to students that 
wasn’t available at the Town Hall,” 
Wing said. “[They] want to answer 
questions like why CLICS is closed 
and why they want to put in a lecture 
hall.”

Readers can contact Natalie Covate at  
ncovate@ucsd.edu

▶ SHIP, from page 1

▶ CLICS, from page 1



OPINION
MADELINE MANN
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Let’s say that it’s Friday night, and you’re about to go out with your friends. Everyone 
is dressed to the nines and you’re 
psyched to feed your budding 
alcoholism. But when you all go out to 
the car, it’s click-click-click-click dead. 
Shit. You know you need to jump 
start your car, but you don’t really 
remember how. Don’t stress: How-to 
Guru is here to save your weekend.

Invest in a pair of jumper cables. 
Hopefully, it’s painfully apparent 
that without them, your car — and 
weekend — is dead. Unless you enlist 
the help of kindly neighbors, if those 
exist. A set of jumper cables should 
only set you back $10 to $15, and 
you’ll always be prepared to help 
out a friend in need — or you know, 
yourself. Don’t be the cheap schmuck 
who inadvertently sabotages his first 
date because he never got around to 
buying jumper cables. 

So your car battery is dead and 
you have jumper cables in hand — 
now what? First, make sure the car 
that is helping you is bigger than 
yours. For instance, a mini cooper 
can’t help restart a Ford F-150, but 
it would easily work the other way 
around. Pop open the hood of each 
car (make sure they are parked close 
enough) and follow these steps. But 
remember, even though these steps 
seem simple, they must be followed to 
the T. Improvising will likely result in 
sparks flying and a possible explosion 
— and not the good kind. 

First turn off both cars, obviously. 
Find both car batteries — again, 
pretty obvious — and locate the 
positive and negative terminals. 
Usually, manufacturers make it 
pretty easy with red-positive, black-
negative labels. Clamp the cables in 
the following order: the red positive 
cable on the stalled car’s red positive 
terminal, the other red positive cable 
on the helping car’s red positive 
terminal, the black negative cable 
on the helping car’s black negative 
terminal and — this is the important 
part — the other black negative cable 
on a unpainted metal surface in the 
stalled car, like the engine block. 
Failure to do the last step by attaching 
the black cable to the stalled car’s 
negative terminal will result in some 
pretty impressive pyrotechnics. 

Once the cables are sufficiently 
attached, start the car with the good 
battery and let it run for two to three 
minutes. Then crank the engine of 
the stalled car until the car starts, and 
remove the cables in reverse order. 
Yes, the engine is running, but suck it 
up and just do it. Your sweaty palms 
and heart palpitations don’t reflect 
well on the awesome deed you just 
pulled off. 

Now that both cars are up and 
running, drive both cars around for a 
bit — and be sure to not turn off your 
engine for at least 30 minutes to give 
your battery time to recharge. What 
you do after that is up to you, but the 
How-to Guru suggests celebratory 
drinks and some smug basking in the 
knowledge that you pulled a fast one 
on the finicky god of car misery.

How-to
      Guru
opinion@ucsdguardian.org

In Case of  
Emergency, 
Jump Start 
Your Weekend

It seems that the only thing that will make signing up for classes more stressful is to have students do it twice for one quarter — but UCSD’s new enrollment plan 
coming Fall Quarter actually looks like it could benefit 
a lot of students. Dubbed a “two pass” system, the new 
registration process mandates two enrollment times — the 
first pass allows students to sign up to a maximum of 11.5 
units, and the second up to 19.5 units. The idea is that all 
students will be able to claim spots in competitive GE and 
major classes on their first pass before they fill up. The 
reoccurring issue in years past occurs when students with 
priority registration take the spots in the popular classes, 
leaving those with later registration times in a crunch. 
While the two-pass system may take some adjustment for 
UCSD students, universities such as UC Berkeley, UCLA 
and UC Davis already use this system —allowing us to 
project just how useful this system may prove at UCSD.

When you look at this new two-pass policy, it seems 
to short-change students with the best enrollment times. 
However, most seniors have already completed their 
necessary big lectures and GE courses, and can instead opt 
for classes that are less popular. Thus, the class selection 
process will level the playing field by limiting the number 
of classes each student can snag, making it more likely that 
all students will get a couple important core classes. 

This system will make its biggest impact for majors 
that require students to take a few specific classes in a 
sequence.  For instance, political science majors have 
a wide breadth of classes to choose from in a single 
quarter, with seven subcategories in the major each 
with approximately four classes available every quarter. 
Therefore a political science major would not notice 
the benefits from the two-pass system as much as, say, 
a bioengineering major. A bioengineering major has 
twelve courses in a series that they must complete every 
year, making it crucial that every student gets a chance to 
reserve a spot in those core classes so as to not fall behind. 
For majors with such stringent curriculum, this new 
system is very advantageous. 

At UC Berkeley they call this system the “two-phase 
system.” The system functions in nearly the same manner, 
except Cal students can waitlist classes during phase one, 
an option that UCSD students won’t have. This is a smart 
alteration on UCSD’s part because when Berkeley students 
waitlist a class in the first phase, they use up half their 
allotted credits on a class that they are not guaranteed 
entry into. Yet, if Cal students wait until the second 
phase to enter into a waitlisted class, then the list has the 

Take Two
UCSD will mandate a new “two pass” enrollment system starting next fall, a 

beneficial plan that will give students more chances to claim spots in required classes.

ILLUSTRATION BY SNIGHDHA PAUL/GUARDIAN

See PASS, page 5

Angela Chen
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

MANAGING EDITORS

Madeline Mann
OPINION EDITOR

Hilary Lee
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at 
the University of California at San Diego. Contents 

© 2011. Views expressed herein represent the 
majority vote of the editorial board and are not 

necessarily those of the UC Board of Regents, the 
ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

EDITORIALS

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

Dear Editor,
The claims of boosting “school spirit” and 

“positive social effects” are ones that I strongly 
disagree with.

One thing about UCSD that I really like, and 
that makes me really proud to be a student here, 
is precisely that we are focused on our studies and 
our individual social organizations, rather than 
being a single monolithic mob of manics yelling, 
“UCSD! UCSD!” 

Increased sports would act directly against this 
kind of spirit, and I don’t want to see that.

As for “positive social effects” — I like the 
way that a common topic at UCSD parties is the 
classes we’re taking and the research topics we’re 
working on; I like the fact that most of my fellow 
students either aren’t involved in any sports, or 
are involved in unusual, quirky sports that they 
do because they love them, not because the rest 

of the school gives them payment, either in love 
or money. This kind of “social effect” is just fine 
here, thank you, and increased sports would 
undermine it.

That’s why I’m opposed to the Division-I 
referendum, now or later. The money is another 
reason why it’s a terribly stupid idea, but that’s not 
why I oppose it.

— Jesse Weinstein
Senior, Sixth College

Dear Editor,
I want to applaud Jonathan Sapan for his 

excellent insights regarding the dangers of moving 
into Division-I athletics in his letter to the editor 
that ran in the Feb. 9 Guardian. I agree that our 
campus will be on a slippery slope if the students 
vote to make this costly move. And for what? 
To play a bunch of colleges that give UCSD no 

greater status than the ones we currently play 
in Division II? Athletics are not, and SHOULD 
NOT, be motivated by finances. What we have 
right now are great student athletes that compete 
for the love of the game. If this referendum 
passes, UCSD will permanently alter the basis for 
athletic success from teamwork and dedication to 
financial gain and a free ride. Already, students 
from UC Santa Barbara and UC Davis are 
dissatisfied with the costliness of their moves to 
Division I, having gained no benefit from it and 
are looking into how to reverse the decision.  Do 
we, the students or our parents, really want to 
kick in another $165 per quarter, or $2,600 extra 
during our college careers, during a time that is 
already financially volatile? With the UC Regents 
playing the puppet strings of our pocket books, 
this is the wrong time, and more importantly 
the wrong REASON, to move to Division I. 
When I was recruited to play here I was under 
the impression that UCSD fought to represent 
our school, to win for each other and to play the 

Increased Athletics Will Go 
Against the UCSD Spirit

Athletics Should Not Be 
Motivated By Financial Gain

See LETTERS, page 5



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

sports that shaped and defined 
our character — not for a free ride 
and a chance to play the Anteaters. 
Students, read the referendum. 
If you can’t find one, scour the 
A.S. Council website. Get out and 
vote between Feb. 27 and March 
9 by going to tritonlink.ucsd.edu. 
I’m going to vote a resounding 
“no” because the results from our 
student athletes won’t dramatically 
change, but the repercussions on 
our student body will. 

— Nathan Murphy
Junior, Roosevelt College

Dear Editor, 
In the last few weeks, articles 

were published regarding the 
publicity of the Division-I 
referendum and upcoming special 
election. 

As the A.S. Advocate General, 
I am responsible for the neutral, 
educational campaign to promote 
the special election. It was just over 
a week ago that the referendum 
was officially approved by the 
administration, meaning that our 
neutral campaign could begin. 

The Election Committee and 
I are currently working to get 
the language of the referendum 
out to the student body through 
social media and through the A.S. 
Council website, where it has been 
made public. We are currently 
working with the A.S. Graphic 
Studio to produce promotional 
materials in order to advertise the 
special election to all students, and 
these materials will be distributed 
starting this week. Additionally, 
we will have an official, unbiased 
polling location established on 
Library Walk during Weeks 8 and 9 
where students will be able to vote.

Last week, the Guardian referred 
to the letter that has been circulated 

on Facebook as “[alleging] 
collaborative efforts between 
A.S. Council and the Athletics 
Department towards securing 
the Division I referendum vote.” I 
want to assure you that there is no 
collaboration between A.S. Council 
and the athletics department or any 
other group who wishes to take a 
stance with regards to the special 
election. 

A.S. Council has taken a neutral 
stance on the referendum, and 
any public opinions of Council 
members do not reflect the stance 
of Council as a whole or the 
Election Committee. A.S. Council 
has been instructed to act under 
this definition of neutrality: “the 
state or position of being impartial 
or not allied with or committed 
to either party or viewpoint in a 
conflict.” This is the standard that 
A.S. Council will be upholding 
throughout the course of the special 
election, and I intend to hold 
Council to that standard. 

The involvement of A.S. Council 
and of the Election Committee in 
the Special Election is to ensure 
a fair process and to promote 
informed voting across the entire 
student body. 

With that, I hope that students 
choose to make an informed choice 
with regards to the Division-I 
referendum, and I will ensure that 
their choices are not influenced by 
the actions of A.S. Council. Shock 
the vote, UCSD!

— Courtney Hill
Sophomore, Marshall College

Two-Pass System Offers Equality in Class Sign-Ups

IN OTHER NEWS By Rebekah Hwang

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

A.S. Council Stands 
Neutral on D-I 

potential to be exponentially longer, narrowing their 
chances even more to get a seat. That is why UCSD’s no 
waitlisting rule on first pass is a solid one. It allows classes 
to fill up and then gives seniors dibs on single-digit waitlists 
before all the lower classmen fill up a lecture after reading a 
glowing Rate My Professor profile.

A common complaint against the two-pass system 
at Berkeley is the stress of having the other half of your 
schedule up in the air. It is essential to know which classes 
are essential to take in a quarter and prioritize those in the 
first phase. Students will have to consistently check up on 
which classes are still available and have multiple back-ups 
in case their classes fill up. Berkeley’s two-phase system 
separates the two sign-up times with up to two months in 
between — excessively drawing out the process. UCSD has 
not specified the amount of time between the two passes, 
but it has increased the appointment times per day, ranging 

from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. Monday through Friday, with 
appointments now on Saturdays as well. This is an important 
move to get the first pass done more quickly so as to not 
drag out the process longer than it already is.

Yet, the root of this high stress when signing up for 
classes is due to the increasing numbers of students as the 
number of classes decrease. There has been a trend in the 
UC system of over a 20-percent increase in average class 
size since 2008, coupled with a reduction of the number of 
courses offered. This in effect makes it harder for students 
to get the classes they need to graduate and creates a heavier 
workload for professors and TAs whose numbers often stay 
stagnant as classes grow. 

However, the new two-pass system looks promising 
as a way to bring equality when signing up for classes and 
suppresses the symptoms of crowded classes. Students just 
need to focus on prioritizing the right classes and making 
each pass count.  

▶ PASS, from page 4

▶ LETTERS, from page 4



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

REN EBEL
hiatus@ucsdguardian.org

hiatus arts&entertainmentarts&entertainment
CONTACT THE EDITOR

Whitney’s 
Gone, But 
the ’90s Are 
Still Alive
T he ‘90s were a good time for the music industry — a time of excess and record-breaking releases, when 
artists could sell millions of records the 
week they were released, when Tower 

Records still existed and CDs didn’t just 
collect dust. The best selling album of 
the decade — the soundtrack to “The 
Bodyguard” — sold 11 million copies the 
year it was released (a number unheard 
of these days), largely attributed to the 
inclusion of Whitney Houston’s “I Will 
Always Love You,” among other tracks by 
the singer. 

In essence, it was Whitney’s time.
Now, one might think her passing last 

Saturday marks the final nail in the cof-
fin of this golden, pre-millennial era. But 
curiously enough, despite the fact that 
we’ve been mourning Houston’s career 
and the industry itself for the past decade, 
the legacy of the ’90s is alive and well on 
the pop charts today. 

Just look at Adele. The British singer 
touts the kind of traditional mainstream 
pop ballads that made singers like 
Houston, Mariah Carey and Celine Dion 
such wildly popular recording artists, and 
the public has responded in kind; her 
mega-hit 21 has spent the most weeks on 
the top albums chart since the ‘90s (when 
the “Titanic” soundtrack spent 16 weeks 
on top). 

ARIELLE SALLAI

asallai@ucsd.edu

   Dodging the      
Horizon
   Dodging the   Dodging the            

MOVIE PREVIEW

ALL DOGS GO  
TO HELL

I
f you ever wondered what happened to all the old VHS 
tapes collecting dust in your garage, it’s quite likely that 
they’ve already been sifted through and psyched out by 
the cult Internet prodigies Everything is Terrible.

Since starting their website in 2008, Everything is Terrible 
has been responsible for an insurmountable number of 
bizarre viral videos ranging from instructional cat massages 
to pedophile-hunting dinosaurs. The 
clips are scrounged from the seven-man 
group’s private VHS vaults — some 
meticulously re-edited to frightening 
effect, some left completely untouched 
in all their bizarre glory.  

Their newest full-length feature 
“DoggieWoggiez! PoochieWoochiez!” 
will find its way to the screen at UCSD’s 
Che Café on Feb. 21. Video artist and 
comedian Nic Maier, one of the found-
ing members of EIT, found the time on 
their nationwide tour to cozy himself up under his thick fur 
coat in the back of their van to give us the low down on their 
website and latest film.

According to Maier, the group’s hobby of manipulating 
found footage first transitioned from casual shenanigans to 
full-fledged web invasion while attending Ohio University.

“Our original intention was to find tapes to laugh at after 
a night of college drinking,” Maier said. “Eventually we got 
tired of just drinking and laughing at videos, so we got more 
into working on things to share with each other.” 

Before they knew it, their antics had caught the attention 
of Internet meme-sters across the globe. Videos of obscure 
religious children’s programming, long-forgotten D-movies 
and psycho-hypnotic PSAs resurfaced en masse via YouTube, 
often drawing thousands of views. 

Today, jumping straight into the abyss of the Everything 
is Terrible catalogue can be a daunting task for anyone look-
ing for a quick laugh.  Although searching through countless 
campy mash-up videos for hidden gems may be a rewarding 
experience for some, Maier offered up some good places to 
start, including his own personal favorite. 

“My favorite is ‘PARTYING WITH RUX!’ — a one-
minute long extremely psychedelic video starring Teddy 
Ruxtin who mistakenly eats some roots in the forest and goes 
on a pseudo-drug journey,” Maier said. “It is definitely not 
for everyone. ‘Yellow Dinosaur Pedophile Hunter’ seems to 
be the one that everyone enjoys.  Everyone agrees that pedo-
philes are bad and there should be a giant yellow dinosaur 

that hunts them down and punishes them.”
Along with their expansive collection of remixed nos-

talgia on their blog, Everything is Terrible has taken it upon 
themselves to reach their goal of “not so much the largest 
collection of ‘Jerry Maguire’ VHS tapes in the world, but 
rather obtaining every single ‘Jerry Maguire’ tape still in exis-
tence,” according to Maier.  

The venture has brought them deeper 
into the trend of interactive web culture, with 
donations of the “Jerry”s by hardcore fans 
becoming a staple of their live shows. The 
group now features a leader board on their 
website (called “Maguire-Watch!”) to track 
those with the most donations.  Maier brags 
that they just broke 1,000 copies on one of 
their recent tour stops, confidently speculating 
they’ll reach around a million by the end of 
the tour.  

“I can’t believe people do it,” Maier said. 
“Someone bought 300 copies with their own money and 
their parents helped them drive all of them over to the 
show…I feel like it’s something for everyone.  It’s like a scav-
enger hunt to feel united in this terrible culture that we’re all 
trapped in.”  

“DoggieWoggiez! PoochieWoochiez!” attempts to 
push EIT’s warped creativity to another level in remaking 
Alejandro Jodorowsky’s demented 1973 surrealist classic 
“The Holy Mountain” exclusively with found footage of dogs.  

“The image of a dog on a skateboard, wearing shades, 
eating pizza is pretty much the funniest, coolest idea ever to 
us,” Maier said. “It’s something we joked about for awhile: 
remaking [“The Holy Mountain”]. Because it’s just such a dif-
ficult movie to watch, understand, and feel like you’re totally 
grasping. The idea of remaking it just sounded so beautiful. 
I don’t think anyone could possibly remake it effectively by 
traditional means, and I think that made it so much more 
tempting for us to remake it.” 

Clearly, they’re on to something.  And if you’re look-
ing for some mind-twisting live entertainment Tuesday, 
“DoggieWoggiez! PoochieWoochiez!” will no doubt deliver 
the unexpected.  

“It’s a pretty different experience,” Maier said. “[Imagine] 
one of our two-minute online videos blown up into two 
hours with full-size psychedelic Muppets dancing around on 
stage… it’s intense and exhausting but I don’t think people 
really have the chance to experience anything like it any-
where else.”

EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE FINDS ARTISTIC 
SOLACE IN THE VHS BARGAIN BIN.
BY TAYLOR HOGSHEAD • STAFF WRITER

EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE! 
PRESENTS: “DOGGIEWOGGIEZ! 
POOCHIEWOOCHIEZ!”

When: Feb. 21, 7:30 p.m.

Where: Che Café

Tickets: $6

Online: thechecafe.blogspot.com

 See HORIZON, page 8



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Undergrads - To pick up your vouchers, 
have your student ID card and go to Extension 
Student Services Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical students - please 
contact OGSR and the School of Medicine for  
their complimentary vouchers.

Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
UCSD Student Grant Program 
(formerly known as Complimentary Enrollment)

Spring Quarter 2012 Dates:  February 27 to March 2, 2012
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)
 

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* Intermediate Piano * Capturing Time: 
Beyond the Basic Exposure * Improv 101 * 
FOREIGN LANGUAGES * Spanish to English 
Translation * Japanese for Communication 
I * HUMANITIES & WRITING * Creative 
Writing I * Copyediting I * Make Your Story a 
Screenplay * DIGITAL ARTS * Digital Media 

* Strategies for Creative Ad Campaign 
Design * Dreamweaver I * BUSINESS * 
Project Management Essentials * Career 
Management *  Financial Decision Making 
* Global Marketing * PUBLIC SERVICE & 
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY * Introduction 
to Sustainability * Urban Planning and 
Development Law * Global Service 

Program * LIFE SCIENCES * Introduction 
to Molecular Biology * Biostatistics 
* Pharmacokinetics * INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY * Text Mining * Web 
Publishing I * Biological Database Design 
* HEALTHCARE, BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES 
* Medical Terminology * Good Clinical 
Practices * Nutrition for Fitness and Sport

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.

ALBUM REVIEWS

T he composition of a second album always promised to pose difficulties for Perfume Genius, 
aka Mike Hadreas, a Seattle-born 
singer-songwriter whose debut record 
Learning offered an intensely private, 
relentlessly intimate message seldom 
possible outside of a debut record.

For his second effort, Hadreas 
attempts to abandon such a personal 

approach to explore more universal 
issues. Thankfully, this wider scope 
hardly results in mundane subject mat-
ter. The title track, for example, is about 
gay sex, while “AWOL Marine” tackles 
addiction and is inspired, in Hadreas’ 
own words, by “some unedited home-
made basement porn I watched.”

The music retains its dark under-
tones, though the first album’s heavily 
distorted vocals and total reliance on 
a lone piano are replaced by more 
varied instrumentation, witnessed in 
“No Tears,” the first Perfume Genius 
track to include a drum kit and “All 
Waters,” which features a soaring 
guitar that leads the track to an emo-
tive climax. The result is a more fully 
fleshed-out sound, although tracks like 
the somber “Sister Song” demonstrate 
that Hadreas’ ability to craft a powerful 

song with minimal backing remains 
potent.

But the record’s broader thematic 
approach can often prove restrictive. 
Learning’s power derived from the art-
ist’s ability to punctuate personal songs 
with specific details, and his more dis-
tant lyrical stance on this record occa-
sionally makes the music feel slightly 
hollow. Some sentiments, such as the 
repeated “Do your weeping now” on 
“Dirge,” lack context and verge on the 
melodrama. 

Still, a transition from sparseness to 
a fuller-sounding effort was inevitable 
for Perfume Genius, and this record 
succeeds in mostly delivering songs 
replete with emotional power and 
intrigue. 

— Piers Barber
STAFF WRITER

Seattle songwriter adds ambition to intimate sound.
Sex and Scope

Perfume Genius
Pur Your Back N 2 It
MATADOR

7
10

A fter his former band The Unicorns went extinct in 2004, Nicholas Thronburn started 
indie-rock group Islands, releasing the 
first album Return to the Sea in 2005. 
On that album, the band reveled in 
exactly the kind of breezy melodies and 

bright lyrics implied by the “islands” 
of its name. Through albums two and 
three, Arm’s Way and Vapours, Islands 
experienced many shifts in band line-
ups, allowing for an exploration of 
new sounds and styles such as heavier 
T. Rex-inspired guitars and drum-
machine programming that veered 
from its Calypso-influenced debut.

On A Sleep & A Forgetting, the 
exploration continues. Trying out 
slow, mournful rock structures and 
doo-wop harmonies, record number 
four indulges in a genre referred to by 
Thronburn as “Doom Wop.” 

“No Crying” is a good example of 
this contrast, beginning with Jimmy 
Buffet-style guitars and light percus-

sion that give the track a traditional 
Islands flavor. However, the seductive 
crooning of Thronburn’s voice adds a 
morose flavor, complete with the ach-
ing associated with teenage heartbreak.

Though dreamy and loaded with 
sadness, the album often manages to 
sound surprisingly upbeat (see the 
bouncy piano work on “Never Go 
Solo” and New-Wave keytar on “Can’t 
Feel My Face”). But just as the title 
suggests, A Sleep & A Forgetting man-
ages to get slower and softer with each 
track, fading off into a whisper by the 
album’s close.

— Amanda Martinek
SENIOR STAFF WRITER

Indie rock chameleons Islands glow in the dark.
Doom Wop

Islands
A Sleep & A Forgetting
ANTI-RECORDS

7
10

HIATUS PICKS THE WEEK’S BEST BETS

EXIT STRATEGY
“THE MUPPETS”
PRICE CENTER THEATER
FEB. 16, 5:30 P.M.
$3

“WINNIE” SCREENING & 
DISCUSSION
SOCIAL SCIENCE BUILDING
FEB. 16, 3:30 P.M.
FREE

ELEVATED NIGHTS: 
SPOKEN WORD
EVEOKE DANCE THEATER
FEB. 16, 8 P.M.
FREE

FAHIM ANWAR
THE LOFT
FEB. 21, 8 P.M.
FREE

“JUNE MOON”
MANDELL WEISS FORUM
FEB. 22, 7 P.M.
$10

CLOUD GATE 2
MANDEVILLE CENTER
FEB. 22, 8 P.M.
$10

DRUTHERS 

THIS WEEK ON CAMPUS

ANOMALIA
UNIVERSITY ART GALLERY / FEB. 16, 5:30 P.M. / FREE

Science and art collide tonight at the University Art Gallery with the 
opening of Anomalia — a contemporary art collection with a focus 
on scientific models of research and representation. “Anomalia” is the 
Latin root for “anomaly,” referencing the collection’s concerns with the 
methodological clash between the arts and sciences. The collection 
will feature work from celebrated conceptual artists including Charles 
Gaines, Erick Meyenberg, Jorge Satorre and more. (RE)

SURFER BLOOD
PORTER’S PUB / FEB. 21, 7 P.M. / $12

Florida’s Surfer Blood has been 
steadily garnering critical 
acclaim since the release of its 
solid debut Astro Coast — a 
feel-good collection of breezy 
beach-rock jams and teenage 
lyricism akin to ’90s garage 
gold bands like Weezer and 
Pavement. Now at the heels of 
the well-received Tarot Classics 
EP, Surfer Blood will bring 
summer to a cold, rainy week 
this Tuesday at Porter’s. (RE)



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Though the pop charts are mostly full of a lack of 
subtlety (Rihanna, LMFAO), Adele recalls a distant time 
when artists dressed all fancy and sang songs that made 
people want to cry, rather than have really raunchy sex. 
When it comes down to it, a song like “Someone Like 
You” isn’t so different from “I Will Always Love You” 
— it’s sob-worthy vocal histrionics that every mom in 
America can love.

But Adele isn’t the only throwback artist on the radio 
these days. Kanye West and Jay-Z’s Watch the Throne 
rivals the excess of Diddy, Biggie and, well, Jay-Z him-
self in the ’90s. To be fair, hip-hop hasn’t exactly lost its 
penchant for champagne and bling — it seems popular 
rappers will always spend a reasonable amount of time 
bragging. But in recent years, a significant change has 
also occurred: hip-hop is turning inward, a trend made 
evident by Kanye’s own past work. 

While many rappers are still reveling in and over-
whelmed by their wealth in the same way The Notorious 
B.I.G. was in “Mo Money Mo Problems” (take Drake 
on last year’s Take Care), this conflict is finally being 
reflected in the sound itself. Hip-hop in the ’90s was all 
maximalist braggadocio — horns a plenty, samples on 
top of samples on top of samples, crooning female vocal-
ists — but today it’s all minimalist melancholy. 

Records like Kanye’s own 808’s and Heartbreak, the 
aforementioned Drake and Shabazz Palaces’ brilliant 
Black Up aim for an aesthetic imbued with distant elec-
tronics that recall silence instead of lush musicality (à la 
dubstep producers like James Blake). 

But Watch the Throne was different, which is why 
it feels so dated and out of place already. Tracks like 
“H.A.M” and “Niggas In Paris” ignore the more interest-
ing turns that hip-hop has made since the ‘90s, giving the 
work an air of nostalgia for a time that was ultimately so 
ridiculous we’d like to forget it.

Still, it’s no surprise that the Grammys piled the 
awards on Adele last Sunday. The award show is yet 
another institution longing for the money-soaked times 
of the 1990s. The problem is, such throwbacks ignore the 
music that actually defines here and now. 

They should take a hint: Most of the ’90s heroes are 
dead — Tupac, Biggie, now Whitney — and times aren’t 
nearly as affluent. It’s about time we recognized what’s 
current, instead of putting on an out-of-touch show for 
soccer moms who don’t know any better. 

MOVIE REVIEW

I f you’ve ever wanted to take a trip to Cuba but can’t afford the airfare, you can be transported back to the 
golden age of Latin jazz in the surprisingly 
human drama 
“Chico & Rita,” 
nominated for a 
Best Animated 
Feature Oscar. 
With no compe-
tition from reign-
ing champion 
Pixar, the category is up for grabs this year 
and “Chico & Rita” is a more than deserving 
nomination for the award.  

It’s a love story that crosses oceans and 
time periods, but it’s also about the power 
of music during our most difficult times. 
Centered on a young piano player extraor-
dinaire Chico and his reluctant muse Rita, 
the two work with and against each other to 
pursue stardom in the world of Latin jazz. 
It’s a complicated relationship that doesn’t 
get off to the best start when a night of 
passion is interrupted. Rita vows to never 
see Chico again, but the laws of storytell-
ing require such promises to be broken, so 
Chico sets off on a quest to find her. 

From Havana to Los Angeles to Paris, 
the two meet and separate, and sometimes 
Chico is successful and the two set off on 
their quests together. Other times a powerful 
force drives a wedge between the two, often 
in the form of a threatening music agent and 
even simply the distance from New York to 
Las Vegas.

All this has gone without mention of the 

film’s animation, which is a testament to the 
film’s humanist approach to its characters. 
It’d be easy to turn these simple drawings 
into equally simple archetypes — especially 
the beautiful Rita, who could have become 
the damsel-in-distress but is instead a proud, 
talented woman intent on realizing her 
potential for stardom. 

Because the animation is relatively 
simple, it allows the film to render art out 
of all its historical landmarks. Whether it’s 
a dingy Havana coffee shop, the New York 
skyline or the Hollywood sprawl, there is 
a romance that permeates the screen and 
the lives of our main characters. That’s not 
to say the animation is without flaws. In a 
few brief moments it can’t seem to keep up 
with the emotions of its characters, render-
ing a crying Rita that looks as straight-faced 
as ever, though such a minor issue is easily 
overlooked among all the other breathtaking 
sights and sounds.

Almost like a Latin jazz version of 

“Midnight in Paris” (minus the time travel), 
“Chico & Rita” follows the duo as they 
rub elbows with some of Latin jazz’s big-
gest stars. Chano Pozo, Tito Puente and 
Thelonious Monk all appear throughout the 
film and provide a historical legitimacy to 
our heroes. But for the readers not fluent in 
the history of Latin jazz, such knowledge is 
in no way essential to unlock the magic of 
the film. 

Throughout the film we get glimpses 
of segregation and revolution, although 
romance and music are always at the fore-
front. This keeps the story intimate, even 
when it spans the globe. These political 
moments flesh out the time period but could 
easily overpower the narrative if they were 
any more emphasized. Instead, we stay with 
our complex love story of these two talented 
musicians with terrible timing. Whether 
they will find success together or apart is the 
question at hand, and also what keeps this 
remarkable film engaging and beautiful. 

Playing by 
Heart
Animated Jazz flick weaves 
globe-trotting love story.
Rusteen Honardoost • 
Staff  Writer

CHICO & RITA
Starring: Eman Xor Ona 
& Limara Meneses
94 min.
Not Rated
A

▶ HORIZON from page 6

Reveling in the Past  
Ignores Music’s Future



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  T H U R S DAY,  F E B R UA R Y  16,  2012 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in bold borders) contains 
every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

sudoku.HOUSINGRiver Run Village - If you’re looking for a central location and a great price.....River 
Run Village is where you want to live. Our 
prime location puts you within walking 
distance of shopping, dining and enter-
tainment in the heart of Mission Valley. 
Thoughtfully designed floorplans and 
attractive amenities make River Run Village 
a great place to live at a comfortable price! 
Our responsive staff will take good care of 
you! Come visit us today! Please call for our 
Fantastic Specials!!!  Reply online to listing 
ID: 22795762

Mariner’s Cove Apartments - Mariner’s Cove 
Apartment homes in the Point Loma area 
offer spacious apartments and townhomes 
near the beach in San Diego, California. 
Our pet-friendly apartment homes feature 
a private patio or balcony, extra storage, 
dishwasher, built-in microwave, and formal 
dining room. Many homes have courtyard 
views and walk-in closets. Our community 
features two pools and spas, a tennis court, 
dog park and playground. Walk to the 
beach, several grocery stores and beach-
side bars and restaurants. We’re right off 
I-5 and I-8, and only minutes from down-
town and San Diego International Airport. 
We are a gated community and carports 
are available. Call or visit our website to 
learn more and schedule your personal 
tour. Reply online to listing ID: 22648878

ROOMMATE
$550- Female roommate - This is a three 
bed/two bath apartment in the per-
fect location, with a beautiful view. It is 
a brand-new downstairs apartment. The 
rent is $550 a month, all utilities included 
except cable (which is cheap, it would be 
split among the 5 people in the house). 
Right now there are 2 guys and 3 girls 
total, including yourself. We are all National 
University students, juniors and seniors. We 
are friendly, laid-back, hardworking, and 
we love to party on the weekends. I really 
need to find someone ASAP so please 
email me if interested!! Reply online to list-
ing ID: 22794437

$400- Living room for rent (females pre-
ferred) - Living room with balcony for rent 
+ Parking for $400 not including utilities. 
Great roommates that are very nice, keep 
to themselves, and friendly. Reply online to 
listing ID: 22785458

$730- Room for rent - Biggest room in 
the house, AWESOME roommates, cable 
and an enormous TV.. what else could you 
possibly want??! I’m only moving because 
I am graduating early :) call or text me 
NOW and I will make time to show it 
you! MOVE IN LATE MARCH OR BEGINNING 
OF APRIL!!!!!!!!!! You would be taking over 
my lease, which goes through late August. 
You can always renew if you wish :)Reply 
online to listing ID: 22785430

$550- 1-2 roommates needed - Need 1 or 
two students for 12-13 school year for a 
first floor apartment with one bedroom, 
and a large living room, kitchen, and bath-
room. The monthly rent is $525 plus utili-
ties (except internet and cable, which are 
included in monthly rent). There is also an 
available parking space for $45 a month. 
Lock-in fee is roughly $550 for new room-
mates. contact me if you are interested. 
Reply online to listing ID: 22705820

Female roommate - We are needing a 
female roommate to share our two bed-
room, 1bath apartment. It is a very fun and 
clean place. Right now, there are three, 
outgoing and funny girls in need of one 
more. Pool, laundry etc. included in rent. 
Reply if interested. Reply online to listing 
ID: Listing ID: 22704007

$525- Female roommate needed for spring 
quarter. It is a really cute 3 bedroom two 
story townhouse with the bedrooms 
upstairs and downstairs are the living room 
and a curtained off room where another 
roomie sleeps (there are a total of 3 other 
girls who would be your roommates, one 
in each of the other 2 bedrooms and one 
downstairs in the living room). You would 
be sharing your bathroom with two UCSD 
students, both girls and super clean and 
considerate:)  Reply online to listing ID: 
22491243

$400- Male roommate needed - I am look-
ing for a male roommate to share a spa-
cious room in a house just minutes from 
The Art Institute of California-San Diego. 
The rent would be 400 a month, and it 
would be for the 12-13 school year. Email 
me if interested. Reply online to listing ID: 
22377042

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !

YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com POST FOR FREE AT

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !
O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,
O R  B OT H !

YES YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ CLASSIFIEDS

PEOPLE

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

 STILL READ

mademadeoorrddmadedmadeeert
your vision, our mission.

The Associated Students Store

Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.
to.ucsd.edu/madetoorder.html

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

the
guardian is
hiring!

WRITING | PHOTOGRAPHY | LAYOUT | DESIGN | ADVERTISING

P I C K  U P  A  C O P Y  O N  N E W S  S TA N D S  E V E R Y  M O N D AY  &  T H U R S D AY !

COPY READING ART | ILLUSTRATION | MARKETING | GRAPHICS

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT
ucsdguardian.org/jobs.

read between the lines.

i

QUESTIONS? EMAIL jobs@ucsdguardian.org?



The two teams remained tied until the fifth inning. With 
two players on base, Chico’s Jackie Munoz batted in Cassidy 
Olson. The Wildcats extended the lead, scoring on an error 
made by Triton shortstop Mya Romero.

Chico went up 3–0 at the top of the sixth inning, with a 
solo homerun from Sam Quadt. The Tritons’ only run came in 
the bottom of the seventh, but it wasn’t enough to push extra 
innings.

“We needed to play our game, and not really play down or 
to anyone else’s level,” said sophomore catcher Caitlin Brown. 
“I think the bats will come around [Gerckens]; just kind of 
thought that we needed to make some adjustments earlier.” 

GAME 3 - FEB 12

Chico’s Sam Baker kept the Tritons without a run in the 
third game of the series. UCSD recorded only three hits in the 
campaign to the Wildcats’ nine. Chico collected its first run in 
the third inning off of a double by Bianca Lopez. And in the 

seventh inning, Chico doubled the lead after loading the bases, 
with Chico’s Britt Wright recording one RBI.

GAME 4 - FEB 12

The last game of the series was another low-scoring 
pitchers’ duel. Both teams recorded six hits, but the Tritons’ 
one error in the first inning may have been the decider. 

Weekend Analysis
The Tritons seem to still be looking to find their form, 

as they dropped their opening conference series against the 
only other nationally ranked team in the CCAA. UCSD had 
a difficult time generating offense in their last three matches, 
although the Triton losses were all close. 

“We’re going to try and take the same angle again and just 
focus on us and try and not worry about who we’re playing and 
just play our game,” Brown said. 

  Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.edu

two outs, Garrett Tuck doubled down the left field line to 
bring in sophomore Nick La Face and sophomore Justin 
Rahn. The inning ended with a fly out from senior Gregg 
Ringold. 

    Mesa responded with a five run rally in the sixth and an 
additional run in the seventh to take the game. The Tritons 
ended the game recording four runs on nine hits. 

UCSD 2, COLORADO MESA 3
FEB 12

 Both teams came out hot on the mound in the third game 
of the series at Canyon View Park. 

Triton starter Greg Selarz went four innings, giving up two 
runs on three hits and two errors. Senior right-hander Tony 
York relieved for three innings and recorded two strike-outs, 
one hit and no runs. Senior Elias Tuma pitched for a fraction 
of an inning before being pulled for giving up the tie-breaking 
run off of two hits and one error. 

  The Tritons were just edged in the attack. UCSD was led 

offensively by outfielders Susdorf, Rahn and sophomore Scott 
Liske who all attributed hits to account for UCSD’s two runs. 

UCSD 11, COLORADO MESA 7
FEB 12

 In the series finale, the Tritons came out hungry.
 After a stalemate in the first inning, the Tritons responded 

in the second when Michaels singled to right to bring in Tuck 
to score the Tritons’ first run.  In the third and fourth innings, 
UCSD rallied again to bring home a collective ten runs off of 
nine hits and three errors.

    Starter Justin Burns was pulled and replaced by Rieser 
in the fourth after giving up three runs off of six hits and 
three errors. Rieser pitched a solid inning, giving up only one 
hit. Following Rieser, Dan Kolodin had a less-than-reputable 
performance, giving up two runs. Closer Elias Tuma gave up 
two runs off of three hits and no errors to close out the game 
with a clutch three up, three down to close the series.

Readers can contact Nash Howe at nhowe@ucsd.edu

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 9

Tritons Overpowered by Mesa Offense Tritons Place 13th

UCSD Softball Fall From No. 1 Rank

▶ BASEBALL, from page 12
▶ WATER POLO, from page 11

▶SOFTBALL, from page 12

UCSD senior Jessica Tran matched Lizotte, scoring three 
goals of her own.

The game was tight throughout, as the two teams went 
into the final quarter tied 8–8.  UCSD took an early goal to 
go up 9–8, but Bakersfield’s Sam Shead tied the score just 
minutes later. Shead would notch another goal to secure the 
12–11 win.

 On the second day of the tournament, falling into the 
loser’s bracket, the Tritons faced Santa Clara University, 
beating the Broncos 9–7.

The game remained scoreless in the first quarter. Santa 
Clara finally opened up the scoring in the second period, 
going up 1–0. The Tritons quickly took one back, as Tran 
found senior utility Natalie Peng for a short goal. Both teams 
tacked on two more, but with the game tied 2–2, Triton 
goalkeeper Allie Taylor was ejected. UCSD was forced to field 
its players deep in its own half to protect the goal, but the 
Tritons were still able to maintain a 4–3 advantage to end the 
half.

 UCSD kept the one-point margin as both teams recorded 
two goals in the third quarter. The Tritons widened the gap in 
the fourth quarter, scoring three goals to take the match 9–7.

“I would be lying if I said it was a great weekend. It 
wasn’t,” Head Coach Brad Kreutzkamp said to the UCSD 
athletics department. “We had better hopes to try and stay 
with a [UC] Santa Barbara team which we fell a little short 
of, then we came back flat against [Cal State] Bakersfield. 
But I have to stay satisfied that we got two wins, we have our 
attitudes back on track and now we get people happy and 
who want to play.”

 In their last match of the tournament, the Tritons faced 
Marist College for the third time this season.

The Tritons defeated the Red Foxes 15–10 on Sunday, Jan. 
29 and won again on Feb. 10, 9–4. Last Sunday, the Tritons 
took another comfortable win from Marist, beating the Red 
Foxes 8–4.

Lizotte scored a game-high five goals, leading the Tritons 
in a game that was never really close.

UCSD ended the tournament in No. 13 place out of a 
field of 16 teams, ahead of Marist, Sonoma State and Santa 
Clara. Arizona State (12–0) defeated UC Irvine to win the 
tournament. UCSD’s next game is slated for Friday, Feb. 18 at 
Long Beach State.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.edu



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

UCSD Ultimate 
Frisbee to Host 
25th Annual 
Tournament

UCSD Split in Triton Invitational

BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

This weekend, Feb. 18 to Feb. 20, the UCSD 
club frisbee teams will be hosting a 40-team col-
legiate tournament.

Taking place on the RIMAC, Warren and 
Muir fields, the tournament features teams from 
all over the country, including Colorado State 
and UC Berkeley — two teams ranked in the top 
ten nationally.

This weekend marks the 25th time UCSD has 
hosted its annual tournament. 

The UCSD men’s frisbee team — the “Squids” 
— has struggled so far in the young season, los-
ing to top-ranked Cal and UC Santa Barbara as 
well as dropping a close game to UC Davis. But 
Captain Christopher Schmidt said the Squids 
will be looking to post strong performances at 
home this weekend. 

“We’re a young team,” Schmidt said. “Last 
year we lost a bunch of older guys, and we’re 
just starting to work things out with the younger 
guys now. We’re kind of underperforming so far, 
but we’re looking to have a good showing this 
weekend.”

The UCSD women’s frisbee team has seen a 
good start to the season. The “Psychos” finished 
No. 7 out of 16 teams in the Santa Barbara tour-
nament last month. 

The men are scheduled to play 9 a.m., 11 
a.m., 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. on Saturday, Feb. 18. The 
times of their subsequent matches will depend 
on Saturday’s results.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at ruda@ucsd.
edu

Tritons Place 13th in Weekend Tournament
BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

No. 18 UCSD Women’s Water Polo went 2–2 at the annual 
Triton Invitational last weekend, Feb. 11 to Feb. 12.

On Saturday, the Tritons took on UC Santa Barbara in their 
opening match, falling to the Gauchos 9–5.

UCSD ended the first quarter up 2–1 after a goal from 
sophomore Sarah Lizotte. Lizotte — last week’s WWPA national 
player of the week — went up early, scoring after four minutes 

of play. The Gauchos tied the game just one minute later, but 
freshman utility Rachel Brooks put the Tritons on top before the 
end of the first quarter. Lizotte would have tacked on two more, 
but the Gauchos ran away with the lead in the second period, 
finishing three goals to cement the lead.

In their second match of the day, the Tritons faced another 
Division-I opponent in CSU Bakersfield. UCSD lost in a close 
high-scoring bout, 12–11.

           Again, Lizotte led the way with another hat trick. 

 See WOMEN’S WATER POLO, page 10

BRIAN YIP/GUARDIAN FILE



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Jeremy Lin: Over-hyped or the real thing? First, an admission of guilt is warranted.After flopping at Golden State, getting 
cut from Houston and landing in New York, 
I didn’t know what to think after Lin’s 25 
points against New Jersey. 

Well, I did — I scoffed. What he was doing 
wasn’t Lebron vaulting a forward to throw 
down; it was 25 points, something Lebron 
could have done in his sleep. I felt annoyed by 

people who barely knew basketball, but threw 
Lin in my face, like a coupon for Rubio’s 
stuffed into my hand on library walk.

Lin seemed to me reminiscent of Kevin 
Martin, a wiry shooter, who in his second 
and third seasons in Sacramento, suddenly 
shot up to sit amongst the top five-point 
scorers in the league. But you’ve never heard 
of him. And neither did his opponents, which 
was the only reason why teams allowed the 
shooting guard breathing room to hit his 
mark. 

But it was his repeat performance against 
the Jazz, after making SportsCenter, that I 
started to think that Lin may be more than 
a fluke. 

It was then that I begrudgingly started 
listening to my friend from Palo Alto and 
it was then that he started to seem less like 
what’s-his-name from Sacramento and more 
like Steve Nash.  

Obviously, pundits’ early Nash 
comparisons are probably a little ambitious, 
having to do more with their unimpressive 
builds and Mike D’Antoni than anything else. 

Lin is a different kind of guard. Unlike 
Nash, he doesn’t have much of a perimeter 
game — which has me questioning his long-
term potential — he’s more of a slasher. 

He’s a guard whose numbers don’t add up 
to his court presence, which makes it even 
more remarkable when you see the 25 points 
next to his name in the box score. But Lin 
plays with efficiency, preying on the holes in 
lazy defenses, or snatching rebounds over the 
top of overpaid bigs that fail to box out.

Still, it’s only been five games. But what 
a five games, during which Lin blew up, 
recording 38 points against the Lakers 
followed by a “miracle” three-pointer to beat 
the Raptors. 

I’m not an Asian-American male. 
Although I understand the pathos, the 
“Linsanity” — for lack of a better word 
— fails miserably in high school basketball 
against women 7” or 8” taller and 30 to 40 
lbs. heavier. 

A friend of mine argues that “Linsanity” 
has less to do with him being Asian and 
more to do with his middle-class, Ivy 
League background. He’s wrong. The crux 
of Linsanity, the driving force behind the 
fervor, is not just that Lin is Asian — it’s that 
he’s Asian-American and not astoundingly 
athletic and has (probably) passed the AP 
Calculus test. 

It’s that he’s someone who wouldn’t seem 
out of place sitting next to you in Chem 6A, 
and that he’s a completely plausible athlete. 
He’s not 5’4” Lionel Messi slinking his way 
past swarms of defenders. 

There’s no real magic to what he’s doing: 
it’s solid basketball, being unselfish with 
the ball and getting to the hole anyway he 
can. His effectiveness may be opening an 
avenue for Asian-Americans in the NBA in 
particular and for professional athletics in 
general.

Queen of  

ruda@ucsd.edu

Kings
  

RACHEL UDA

Harvard 
Grad Jeremy 
Lin: He’s 
‘AmAsian’

Softball Goes 1-3 Against No. 15 Chico

Tritons Go 1-3 at Colorado Mesa

BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor

After being voted the No. 1 team in Division-
II softball last week, the Tritons were knocked 
from their perch in their weekend series against 
No. 15 Chico State. The Wildcats took the four 
game series, going 3–1 against the defending 
NCAA Division II National Champions.

GAME 1 - FEB 11

The Tritons cruised to take the first game 
of the series 7–1. Senior pitcher Camille 
Gaito allowed just one run in her six innings 
pitched, while also recording six strikeouts in 
the campaign. UCSD struck early, with power 
hitter and sophomore catcher Charly Swanberg 
recording a double to left center, batting in 
junior Jennifer Manuel. Up 1–0, the Tritons 
extended their lead in the bottom of the second 
by capitalizing on two Chico errors to go up 3–0. 
Chico’s one run of the game came in the sixth 
inning, but the Tritons cemented the win in their 
next at-bat, as senior outfielder Kris Lesovsky 
found her way onto third base and was batted 
home by designated hitter Manuel.

GAME 2- FEB 11

The Tritons struggled in the second game, as 
Manuel split time with freshman pitchers Kayla 
Hensel and Michelle Escamilla on the mound.

Manuel kept the Wildcats scoreless through 
the first three innings, although Chico’s Jessica 
McDermott had a considerably better game than 
the Wildcats’ first pitcher. McDermott went the 
distance, allowing just one run on three hits for 
seven innings. 

Defending Champions Fall in Four-Game Series

Tritons Fall to 2-6 in 2012

BY NASH HOWE
Contributing Writer

UCSD 4, COLORADO MESA 14
FEB 11 

Senior pitcher Jeff Rauh opened well for the Tritons, 
giving up just two runs in the first four innings of play. But 
things fell apart in the bottom of the fifth; two errors in the 
field and a tired arm from Rauh gave room for Mesa to hit 
in eight runs.

After a frustrating inning, the Tritons came out swinging 
in the sixth. The Tritons were finally on the scoreboard 
when sophomore shortstop Garrett Tuck hit a single to 
right. Next up freshman Jack Lombardi walked and junior 
Sam Michaels was hit by a pitch to load the bases. UCSD 

kept the rally going as Lombardi, freshman Brett Levy and 
junior Danny Susdorf all brought in runs. 

    Unfortunately, Colorado Mesa had another four-run 
inning in the bottom of the eighth to seal the win.

UCSD 4, COLORADO MESA 6
FEB 11

 Triton starter Ryan Goodbrand pitched a mediocre 
five innings, giving up four runs on seven hits. Conversely, 
the Tritons had a tough time hitting Mesa pitcher Jared 
Christensen, who didn’t concede a run in his five innings.

In the sixth inning, the Tritons finally came alive with 
Susdorf and Levy both singling to get on base. Both were 
eventually brought home off balks from Christensen. With 

 See BASEBALL, page 9

 See SOFTBALL, page 9

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE


	021612NewsREALREAL.pdf
	021612Opinion.pdf
	021612Hiatus.pdf
	021612Sports.pdf

