
INSIDE
monday

Height: 1 ft.
Wind: 1-8 mph

Water Temp: 64 F

Tuesday
Height: 1 ft.

Wind: 4-6 mph
Water Temp: 64 F

Wednesday
Height: 1 ft.

Wind: 3-10 mph 
Water Temp: 64 F

Thursday
Height: 2-3 ft.

Wind: 4-10 mph 
Water Temp: 64 F

LOw

$3.55
Qwik Korner, Escondido 
501 W 9th Ave. & S Pine St.

HIGH

$4.79
76, Coronado
900 Orange Ave & 9th St.

monday
H 64 L 50

Tuesday
H 66 L 52

GAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTSPOKEN

Wednesday
H 65 L 53

Thursday
H 65 L 53

Birdland .................................2
Lights & Sirens ......................3
Bro’s Eye View .......................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Uncommon Folk ....................7
Crossword ...........................14
Sports ..................................16

monday Tuesday

The biggest thing for us right 
now is working on our defense, 

because the offense is there.”

James mccannJ
Position Title

“
Wednesday Thursday

SURF REPORT

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 46, ISSUE 17

UCSD’s Crafts Center may reopen after a September announcement that it would be closed during the 2012–13 academic year. However, because of the current budget 
situation of University Centers, the Crafts Center will only reopen 
if there is enough support from students.

The center was temporarily closed on Sept. 26 to grant time to 
determine whether the facility could be renovated and to figure 
the cost of maintenance. Approximately $1.5 million is required 
to complete repairs, in addition to $212,000 in annual operating 
expenditures.

The decision to close the center came after students had 
already registered for programs and classes.

“The Crafts Center closure was a hard decision to make, but 
keeping it open and running after the facility analysis reports were 
released was not a feasible option,” University Centers Interim 
Director Sharon Van Bruggen said. “Frankly, its reopening will be 
difficult based on the way our budget currently stands and previ-
ous student interest in the service.” 

Van Bruggen said that while reopening the center is not impos-
sible, its future depends on demonstrated student interest and 
willingness to pay.

The Guardian previously reported that student interest and 

Sixth College held its annual Spirit Rally near the Sixth Apartments November 18.

The SixTh SenSe of SpiriT

UCSD

cancer 
center in 
nevada to 
stay Open

cRaFTs cenTeR maY ReOPen
CAMpUS

A UCAB fee referendum will determine the fate of the recently closed center and its programs.
 By heidi kim • Staff Writer

Biology Majors See 
1,500 Student Drop

ACADeMiC AffAirS

See crafts center, page 3

BY MEKALA NEELAKANTAN
Staff Writer

The number of students who are 
declared biology majors at UCSD 
have dropped by around 1,500 since 
2008. The Division of Biological 
Sciences, ranked 15th in the nation 
by U.S. News and World Report 
and UCSD’s most popular academic 
department, has had a role in the 
decrease of biology students because 
of new enrollment limits enacted in 
recent years.

In 2008, the department struggled 
to find physical space for the influx 
of biology students in its classes. As a 
result of physical limitations, the divi-
sion declared an “impacted” status 
for freshmen in 2009 and for transfer 
students in 2011. This meant that 
admission into the division would 
be limited and would be determined 
through a comprehensive review pro-
cess and availability terms, with the 
possibility of appealing to enter the 

division. 
Since then, according to new data 

released last month, enrollment in 
the Division of Biological Sciences 
has decreased from 5,294 to 3,781 
undergraduate biology majors.

Between 2002 and 2007, the 
Division of Biological Sciences saw a 
60 percent increase in undergraduate 
biology major enrollment — the peak 
population of biology majors came 
in the fall of 2008, with 5,294 under-
graduates entering the division.

In an attempt to accommodate 
the increased amount of students 
entering the division, administration 
increased the total number of divi-
sion courses by approximately 80 per-
cent and lengthened laboratory hours 
to maximize lab courses.

“During this period of extraordi-
nary growth in student enrollments, 
we made every effort to maintain a 
quality student experience for our 

See bio  page 3

BY EMILY PHAM
Staff Writer

The UCSD-owned Nevada Cancer 
Institute in Las Vegas will stay open 
during the holidays, despite conflict-
ing reports that the center would 
shut down or be sold to Nevada’s 
largest cancer treatment provider, the 
Comprehensive Cancer Centers of 
Nevada (CCCN). 

UCSD will lease one-third of the 
center to CCCN and will partner 
with two other Nevada cancer com-
panies — a research institute and a 
cancer screening institute — to keep 
its doors open. CCCN, the main 
partnering company, will take over 
operations as part of the agreement. 
According to UCSD Dean of Clinical 
Affairs Tom McAfee, the partnership 
is intended to reform and expand the 
Nevada Cancer Institute. 

CCCN will occupy 42,000 square 
feet of the 150,000-square-foot 
Nevada Cancer Institute next year. 
As part of the partnership agree-
ment, UCSD will establish an aca-

See nevada  page 3

Brian Monroe/Guardian

UZair MoHaMMaD/Guardian



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2012, all rights 
reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible for 
the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
by advertising. 

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Advertising & Marketing Assistants 
Christina Doo

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Leo Bui, Arielle Sallai, Sara Shroyer, Bobee Kim

Zoe McCracken, Rebecca Han, Tim Annand

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Zev Hurwitz

Rebecca Horwitz

Madeline Mann

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Ayan Kusari

Mina Nilchian

Stacey Chien

Laira Martin

Ashley Kwon

Ren Ebel

Andrew Whitworth

Andrew Oh

Brian Monroe

Leo Bui

Sara Shroyer

Jeffrey Lau

Andrew Oh

Allie Kiekhofer
Beca Truong

Claire Yee

editor in chief

Managing editors

news editor

associate news editor

opinion editor

associate opinion editor

sports editor

features editor

associate features editor

features editorial assistant

Lifestyle editor

associate Lifestyle editor

a&e editor

associate a&e editor

Photo editor

associate Photo editor

design editor

associate design editor

art editor

Webmaster

copy readers

did you know?  
You can register for  A.S. Safe Rides
ONLINE at as.ucsd.edu/saferides

A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get 3 FREE rides per quarter. Students 
must register at least 24 hours prior to their first ride. 

you are studying late on
campus and need a ride home

safe rides

just in case...

WE’RE COOL! FOLLOW US!
@UCSDGuardian

Birdland By Rebekah Dyer

Visual diary By Khanh Nguyen

BRieFs BY Rebecca Horwitz, Associate News Editor
▶ Governor Jerry Brown appointed 
Paula S. Rosenstein to the San Diego 
Superior Court this week. Rosenstein, 
a UCSD alumna, will become the 
court’s only openly gay justice when 
she takes over for the retiring Judge 
Linda B. Quinn.
Rosenstein previously worked as a San 
Diego attorney and holds a law degree 
from the University of San Diego 
School of law. She graduated UCSD 
with her B.A in 1982.

▶ A Mission Hills resident said this 
week that he is suing the City of San 
Diego for injuries he sustained when 
a palm tree fell and crushed his legs. 
According to U-T San Diego, Michael 
Burke’s lawsuit against the city could 
cost San Diego several million dollars.
Burke has blamed city budget cuts for 
the accident, where an allegedly dead 
tree near his house snapped and fell on 
him in 2010.

▶   The Navy plans to stop training 
dolphins to find underwater mines 
and to keep enemy swimmers away 

from their warships. The Navy has 
been using dolphins to help them since 
1960. They use dolphins for their sonar 
capabilities and deep diving physiol-
ogy. The program will be closed within 
the next five years because technology 
has advanced over the need for mam-
mals. The Navy will continue to care 
for the 24 bottlenose dolphins cur-
rently in their Navy Marine Mammal 
Program.

▶ Police found the remains of Frederick 
Hengl’s wife cooking in the oven 
of their house on Nov. 23. Officers 
responded to a complaint filed by 
neighbors about the foul odor com-
ing from the house. Investigators also 
found his wife’s head in the freezer 
and dismembered body parts in cook-
ing pans in the kitchen. Investigators 
believe he killed his wife, Anna Faris, 
between Nov. 1-6. Hengl and Faris 
were previously known to the police 
because Hengl wandered around the 
neighborhood dressed like a woman, 
and Faris would stand on street cor-
ners with a knife.

activity in the Crafts Center has 
slowly decreased in recent school 
years, with 79 fewer students enrolled 
in crafts classes in 2011–12 than in 
2004–05.

Operating the Crafts Center 
would only be possible through the 
University Centers Advisory Board’s 
referendum in question. The funds 
to keep the Crafts Center running 
would come from UCAB’s refer-
endum, which would increase stu-
dent fees to maintain and renovate 
University Centers, which include 
Price Center and Student Center.

Student interest and usage, facility 
costs, and funding for operations will 
determine whether the Crafts Center 
can be reopened. UCAB has spoken 
with students, community members, 
and organizations to receive help in 
maintaining the Crafts Center’s oper-
ations. UCAB has spoken with UCSD 
Extension and UCSD Recreation to 
see their potential interest in operat-
ing crafts programming, along with 
student and community members to 

increase fundraising efforts.
As mentioned in the potential 

referendum, the costs to renovate the 
Crafts Center and run the facility are 
a part of the fee increase discussions.  
If the referendum fails to pass and 
the students do not approve a fee 
increase, UCAB will consider alter-
native ways to address the budget 
situation.

“I think we would have to see a lot 
of student support for its reopening,” 
UCAB President Albert Trujillo said. 
“We would also probably look at how 
the Crafts Center intends to increase 
its sales and attract more people to 
take workshops and classes.” 

Until the Crafts Center is reno-
vated, crafts classes may be offered on 
campus in different locations, such 
as photography classes offered at 
Student Center. University Centers, 
UCSD Recreation, and UCSD 
Extension are discussing the pos-
sibility of offering Crafts Center pro-
grams through alternative outlets.

Readers can contact Heidi Kim at hek023@
ucsd.edu

Other Departments to Offer Crafts Classes
▶ craft center, from page 1



undergraduate majors,” Division of 
Biological Sciences Associate Dean 
for Education Gabrielle Weinhausen 
said. “Because of the continuous 
growth in our undergraduate popula-
tion, even these measures were insuf-
ficient.”

At this time, because of the divi-
sion’s impacted status and the reduc-
tion in the number of enrolled under-

graduates, students within the divi-
sion are able to register for courses 
without insufficient facility problems.

“Ever since my first year, every-
one knew that, because of univer-
sity budget cuts, classes were get-
ting cut, but I think the Division of 
Biological Sciences did a really great 
job of maintaining classes so that all 
biology majors could graduate on 
time,” Biological Sciences Students 
Association Co-President Kit Wu 

said.
However, the division hopes that 

lab courses, classroom space and 
other resources will become avail-
able in the future. The administration 
hopes that new space availability can 
ultimately enable the department to 
lift its impacted protocol.

Readers can contact Mekala Neelakantan at 
mneelaka@ucsd.edu

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

THE BEST
COMEDIANS!

michael che
the amazing

and special guest
Lauren O'Brien

ASCE
COMEDY
ASCE
COMEDY

NO. 28
NOV
2012

FREE

free for UCSD Students
GENERAL PUBLIC $5

As seen on Comedy Central, IFC, a
nd the Late Show with David Lette

rman

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28 at th
e LOFT

DOORS OPEN 8PM, SHOW STARTS
 8:30PM

UCSD STUDENTS–FREE, GENERAL
 PUBLIC $5

buy tickets at
boxoffice.ucsd.edu

OR AT ASCE.UCSD.EDU

LIGHTS & SIRENS

demic program in Nevada and offer 
options to CCCN patients that they 
previously did not have without the 
partnership.

“For example, if you need a bone 
marrow transplant, that’s something 
that’s not available in Las Vegas, but it 
is available at UCSD,” McAfee said in 
a Nov. 16 North County Times arti-
cle. “UCSD says [its] Nevada pres-
ence will continue.” 

UCSD will also offer genomic 
sequencing, early-stage clinical tri-
als and services that are otherwise 
unavailable in Las Vegas, accord-
ing to a statement by UCSD Health 
Sciences Communications Director 
Jacqueline Carr.

When it opened in 1974, the 
Nevada Cancer Institute consisted 
of an independent oncology practice 
and several medical offices. However, 
after it accumulated almost $100 mil-
lion in debt from Bank of America to 
keep itself afloat, the center had to file 
for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Dec. 
2 of last year, according to the Las 
Vegas Review-Journal. UCSD then 
bought the center out of bankruptcy 
for $18 million in January 2012. The 
purchase included an agreement that 
the center would donate $20.8 mil-
lion to UCSD over a five-year span.

“We purchased two assets: a med-

ical offices building and an oncol-
ogy practice, which consisted of 
six oncologists,” McAfee said. “The 
six oncologists were losing money 
because they lost most of their refer-
ral base.”

After purchasing the Nevada 
Cancer Institute, McAfee said, UCSD 
tried to restore the oncologists’ refer-
ral base, but was relatively unsuc-
cessful. Faced with new California 
tax rule changes that amassed over 

$10 million in costs along with new 
management and the rising cost of 
drugs, UCSD could not compete with 
CCCN.

“The Comprehensive Cancer 
[Center] Network owns 50 percent 
of the share in Las Vegas,” McAfee 
said. “We looked to other community 
services in order to compete against 

CCCN. It turns out the other smaller 
practices were not good to compete.”

One of UCSD’s goals in purchas-
ing the center was to expand the 
patient pool for the researchers at 
Moores Cancer Center. However, 
because the Nevada Cancer Institute 
practices were very small, there was 
not a significant increase in patients 
over the eight months after UCSD 
purchased the center, McAfee said.

Instead of deciding to out-com-
pete CCCN, UCSD joined it, accord-
ing to McAfee. 

The new partnership will displace 
some of the Nevada Cancer Institute 
staff by Dec. 31, and CCCN staff 
from nearby branches will be added. 
According to McAfee, some of the 
staff will be downsized even sooner. 
UCSD does not plan to close the 
Nevada Cancer Institute during the 
transition.

“We’re not terminating our role,” 
McAfee said. “Our role is evolving. 
We’re going to be more of an aca-
demic presence.”

McAfee said that UCSD plans 
to finish negotiations with the three 
institutes by the end of December, 
and slowly transition the CCCN staff 
into these institutes during the first 
quarter of 2013.

Readers can contact Emily Pham at e4pham@
ucsd.edu

Nevada Cancer Center Will See Layoffs in New Partnership
▶ cancer, from page 1

New Additions to Biology Department Might Ease Restrictions
▶ bioLogy, from page 1

Thursday, November 15
6:48 p.m.: Burglary alarm
▶ A former employee entered the 
Crafts Center. Report taken.

Friday, November 16
8:35 a.m.: medical aid
▶ A male subject was having a 
seizure on an MTS bus on North 
Torrey Pines Road. Transported to 
hospital.
8:41 a.m.: Person down
▶ A suspicious person was lying at 
the bottom of a hill at La Jolla Village 
Drive. Field interview administered.
11:41 a.m.: Citizen contact
▶ A female was vomiting inside a 
vehicle at Campus Service Complex 
Building A. Checks OK.
11:33 p.m.: injury
▶ A young adult female at the inter-
section of Gilman Drive and Myers 
Drive who had been drinking fell 
in a bathroom and hit her head. 
Transported to hospital.

Saturday, November 17
5:00 p.m. - 1:20 a.m.: Vandalism
▶ An unknown person “damaged 
and removed” the victim’s window 
and window screen at Marshall 
Residence Halls. Report taken.
1:42 a.m.: disturbance
▶ Two people at Tamarack 
Apartments were “getting ready to 
fight.” Information only - suspects left.
11:30 a.m.: Welfare check
▶ A parent at Meteor Hall was 
unable to contact his or her son. 
Information only.

Sunday, November 18
1:19 a.m.: disturbance
▶ A minor male student at Lot 208 
was arrested for driving with a 
blood alcohol level above .00. Closed 
by adult citation.
1:22 a.m.: Traffic stop
▶ Someone was throwing eggs at 
vehicles on the intersection of North 
Torrey Pines Road and Pangea 

Drive. Field interview administered.
9:45 a.m.: information
▶ A “possible psych subject” at Ralphs 
was yelling out “threats of harm to 
self and others.” Information only.
10:23 p.m.: Fire
▶ There was a large amount of smoke 
inside a room at Goldberg Hall, and 
there was an odor of marijuana. 
Report taken.

Monday, November 19
2:30 a.m.: Welfare check
▶ A young adult female at The 
Village Building 1, possibly drunk, 
was “acting strange and breathing 
funny.” Checks OK.
6:09 p.m.: information
▶ A group of people on the top floor 
of Gilman Parking Structure were 
“singing.” Information only.
6:38 p.m.: Non-injury accident
▶ A vehicle and a bicycle collided 
on Scholars Drive North by The 
Village, but there was only property 
damage. Information only.

Tuesday, November 20
9:56 a.m.: Welfare check
▶ A male was lying on the ground 
near a bus stop bench at Gilman 
Drive. Unable to locate.
3:41 p.m.: medical aid
▶ A student at York Hall felt sick 
after coming into contact with 
an “unknown chemical” in a lab. 
Referred to other agency — EH&S.
6:15 p.m.: disturbance, juvenile
▶ A male juvenile at Thornton 
Hospital was refusing to get into a 
car with his mother. Information 
only.
11:06 p.m.: Citizen contact
▶ There was a smoke check at Sixth 
College Residence Halls, but the 
subject claimed to be “burning mis-
cellaneous items out of boredom.” 
Report taken.

—SARAH KANG
Staff Writer

“ We’re not terminating 
our role. Our role is 
evloving. We’re going to 
be more of an academic 
presence. “

 —UCSD Dean of Clinical Affairs 
Tom AcAfee



OPINION
MADELINE MANN
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Across the nation, elementary schools to universities are eager to join the classroom technology trend. Fuzzy overhead projectors and physical textbooks are being swiftly replaced by more 
effective document projection camera systems and interactive Web-based 
learning activities. The new equipment saves time and makes note taking 
easier, while websites such as Khan Academy and Connect are touted 
as the future of the education industry. This excitement, however, is too 
optimistic. While 21st century technology introduces new methods of 
teaching, the current usefulness of iPads and other technology is too 
limited for it to be a cost-effective solution to education.

According to an April 2012 article by the U-T San Diego, the San 
Diego Unified School District spent over $15 million in the 2012-13 
school year outfitting classrooms with brand new iPads. Their intention is 
to augment the teaching experience with hands-on personalized activities 
and applications that will engage students, while doing away with 
outdated textbooks. Unfortunately, iPads grow obsolete after about four 
years, and need frequent software updates. E-textbooks for the iPad are 
about half the price of physical textbooks, but when combined with the 
price of $370 per iPad, pose a high cost to keep students engaged.

With that money, classes could engage in supplemental learning 
outside of the classroom, in the form of field trips to local museums or 
in hands-on lab exercises. Numerous studies, such as one from Harvard 
University, show that the added brain stimulation that comes from using 

different senses, such as mixing chemicals in test tube, is highly effective 
at developing well-rounded students.

Questions about the practicality and effectiveness of classroom 
technology have also arisen. The iPads and other devices have been 
slowly infused into classroom activities over the past decade, but 
expensive and fragile electronic devices are best kept out of the hands 
of energetic young students. USA Today reports that 20 percent of 
handheld devices issued to students needed repair after just one year.  In 
2008, Texas’ Abilene Christian University had a pilot program in which 
they loaned some students iPhones or iPod Touches. While the majority 
of students said they benefited academically from better connectivity 
and communication with professors, these advantages could be easily 
achieved with use of personal computers, which are far more capable 
machines and can cost less than iPhones when cellular plans are taken 
into account.

The push toward self-guided tutorials on the Internet is also, at this 
point, premature. McGraw Hill’s LearnSmart online study aid is generally 
regarded as an effective supplement for in-class teaching because it 
allows students to target what they need to improve on. This success is 
contrasted, however, with its sister homework program Connect. The 
Connect system assigns students a sequence of questions or problems, 

Out 
of  

Touch The whole concept of a “campus community” may sound vague. But I think campus 
communities are essential for UCSD 
student life. Maybe it’s just my inner 
philosophy major, but I would define 
a campus community as a body of 
like-minded students that come 
together to work toward a shared 

goal. Whether that goal is social 
life, journalism or student activism, 
campus communities are social webs 
of students engaged in life outside the 
classroom.  

At UCSD, the Greek community 
is a well-connected group of highly 
social students that do not harbor 
negative feelings toward other 
campus communities. Students go 
Greek because they’re all about being 
involved outside the classroom. When 
other communities prove that they 
also care about something other than 
upcoming midterms, Greeks are 
stoked. But Greek life is just one type 
of college experience at UCSD. While 
someone involved in the co-ops 
may have a fairly different college 
experience than a die-hard Greek, it’s 
important that UCSD is able to offer 
a diverse range of experiences. For 
example, if the university were to 
wrongfully set rent for the co-ops too 
high, the communities of students 
situated in the old Student Center 
would gradually fade away. Fewer 
campus communities mean incoming 
students are offered fewer diverse 
college experiences to choose from.

While having many communities 
is important, I think it’s unfair 
when certain communities recieve 
preferential treatment over others. 
For every $1 of student fees that goes 
toward communities dedicated to 
supporting Triton athletics, about 
$15 goes to the Student Sustainability 
Collective, a small community 
focused on environmental activism. 
While our Greek leaders pay to be 
members of their chapters, the student 
staffers of the SSC are paid for their 
work by the student body. Don’t get 
me wrong — saving the environment 
is important. But this breed of 
activism is just one of many types 
of college experiences available to 
incoming students. One could argue 
that students who care about the SSC 
are also going to care reguardless of 
whether they get paid for their work. 
Giving a campus community more 
money than members know what to 
do with unfairly prioritizes this type 
of college experience over the rest. 
The fact that around 10 percent of the 
student body is still engaged in Greek 
life — they have donated over $20,000 
to charity so far this year alone 
— despite lacking major financial 
support from student government 
is testament to the competence and 
dedication of Greek leadership on our 
campus.

Whether you get hookups from 
student government, improving a 
community takes hard work. Few 
sincerely enjoy boothing and 
coordinating logistics. But if you’re 
down with what your community is 
all about, inside-out improvement is 
the right way to offer more students 
your type of college experience. 

Campus 
Funding 
is Not All 
Created Equal

See Technology, page 5

  ElysE yang/Guardian

Though some say Queen’s University 
professor Jill Jacobson infringes on her students’ 
freedom of speech with this “civility clause,” 
this is not the case. Behavior expectations are 
nothing new to the education system, and 
a clause that clearly states punishments for 
inappropriate behavior works to ensure that all 
students in a lecture hall are not disadvantaged 
due to another student acting as a distraction.

A 2006 experiment by Columbia University’s 
postdoctoral fellow Karin Foerde found that in a 
population of UCLA students, noise distractions 
negatively affected students’ ability to apply 
information. With distractions in their learning 
environment, subjects were able to retain the 
information they were taught, but failed to 
critically apply that knowledge in other ways.

Without clearly stated punishments, it is 
difficult to prevent such behavior or proceed 
with appropriate action. Like Jacobson’s clause, 
the UCSD Student Conduct Code similarly 
states that “unreasonably obstructing or 
disrupting teaching” may result in the student 
being put under formal review by a conduct 
board or an officer. The only difference between 
most codes and the “civility clause” is that the 
latter creates less ambiguity by clearly stating 
a consequence and avoiding a lengthier review 
process.  

Jacobson’s clause rightly insists upon 
appropriate classroom behavior; those who 
cannot comply will have to learn to behave or 
suffer her consequence.

— Lauren Koa
Contributing Writer

Promotes Quality Learning Environment

QUICK TAKES Canada’s Queen’s university professor Jill JaCobson has imposed a “Civility Clause” that threatens a 10 perCent deduCtion from final grades for disruptive behavior in the Classroom.

As technology is increasingly ingrained in school curriculums, it becomes apparent that a 
digital classroom does not mean a better classroom.

By Kelvin noronha • ContriButing Writer

If professor Jill Jacobson’s “civility clause” 
were applied in U.S. schools, it would be more 
like a “chaining clause.” It discourages a receptive 
learning environment while infringing on students’ 
First Amendment rights. 

Students care about learning — but grades 
are most dear. The harsh penalty imposed by this 
clause may make students less likely to participate 
in discussions for fear of unintentionally making 
offensive remarks. Specific examples of verbal 
offenses aren’t defined in the wording of the 
clause. This blurs the line between simply being 
annoying and being outright offensive. A study 
by the University of Wisconsin–Madison found 
that in-class discussions help provide an epistemic 
environment while stimulating development and 
understanding. This clause discourages students 
from expressing their individual opinions.

Not to mention that the clause would also 
violate students’ First Amendment rights. In the 
1973 Supreme Court case Papish vs. Board of 
Curators of the University of Missouri, the court 
ruled that students may express their views, 
offensive or not, as long as they do not disrupt 
campus order or violate others’ rights. This clause 
goes against this ruling — students run the risk 
of being penalized for their opinions which, while 
some might find offensive, do not actually pose 
harm to others.

An entire letter-grade drop punishment will 
scare students into silence and curtail uninhibited 
discussion. There are better solutions, none of 
which involve a “chaining clause.”

— CedriC eiCher
Contributing Writer

Policy Discourages Open Class Discussion
While Queen’s University professor Jill 

Jacobson’s reasons for implementing this “civility 
clause” are meant to improve rather than harm 
the classroom atmosphere for students and 
professors, the policy would be more effective 
if deductions were taken from a separate 
participation grade rather than from the final 
grade.

According to the “Faculty Focus” article 
“How Much Should Class Participation Count 
Toward the Final Grade,” 77 percent of professors 
include a participation section in their course 
syllabi, worth, on average, under 13 percent of a 
student’s final grade. This section of the syllabus 
can focus solely on a student’s behavior in class, 
and should include participation and attendance. 
If deductions are taken from a separate 
participation grade worth less than deductions 
from a student’s overall grade, students may 
be less discouraged from taking the class and 
volunteering to participate.

A participation policy will effectively punish 
students for being disruptive, while still allowing 
them to achieve the grades they deserve. Grades 
ultimately should not be determined by behavior 
but by a student’s completion of the course 
material. Infractions during class should not be 
reflected in students’ overall grades, especially if 
they have excelled in coursework and exams. 

While Jacobson’s clause is a valid and useful 
plan to control student behavior, Jacobson can 
punish her students in a different way that will 
not affect their entire final grade. 

 
— Sharon Lay

Staff Writer

Points Should be Taken from Participation 

Bro’s 
Eye View
brad segal
jsegal@ucsd.edu



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

REPORTBIAS.UCSD.EDU
Promote a safe and tolerant community at UC San Diego
by reporting bias-motivated incidents.

UC San Diego is committed to the highest standards of civility and decency toward all 
persons, as re�ected in our Principles of Community. Together, we can work to create a 
welcoming and inclusive climate for the bene�t of all UC San Diego community members.

You may report bias incidents or other acts of intolerance to 

reportbias.ucsd.edu
(858) 534-BIAS (2427) • ophd@ucsd.edu
In case of emergency, contact the UC San Diego Police at (858) 534-HELP (4357).

ReportBias.UCSD.edu

BE THE
VOICE

SolVE For X By Philip Jia

Must Look Outside U.S. for Teaching Strategies

dear editor,
The unsettling escalation of 

violence over the past week in 
Israel and Gaza has devastated 
the lives of countless Israelis and 
Palestinians. In the course of a 
few short days, hundreds of rocket 
attacks and airstrikes have scarred 
the land and the psyches of both 
Israel and Palestine.  Certainly not 
helping alleviate the crisis are the 
toxic public relations campaigns 
propped up around this violent 
exchange. Through sites like 
Facebook and Twitter, people have 
participated in creating their own 
hierarchies of oppression in which 
fingers are pointed, pictures of dead 
children posted and nationalistic 
slurs are used. The back and forth 
declarations of unbridled allegiance 
and solidarity are enough to leave 
one’s head spinning. At J Street U, 
a pro-Israel, pro-Palestinian and 
pro-peace organization at UCSD, 
we reject this unproductive, anti-
solution polarization.

The cyclical violence is but 
one symptom of the status quo, 
along with the lack of a long-
term resolution and the absence 
of prominent developments on 
the diplomatic front. We have the 
obligation to push for effective 
non-violent diplomatic measures 
that can save lives today and shape 
better lives for tomorrow. We cannot 
expect everyday Palestinians and 
Israelis to suffer the consequences 
of political finger pointing. We must 
amplify the voice that supported 
an immediate ceasefire and is 
demanding that negotiations restart.

In this dark hour, we have a 
choice to make. We can make the 
usual excuses and continue to 
disregard the need for Palestinian 
self determination and improved 

quality of life. We can actively 
ignore the need for Israeli security 
and political normalization with her 
neighbors. We can support these 
politics of blame, creating a vacuum 
for progress. Or we can transcend 
the blame game, challenge ourselves 
to have meaningful discourse within 
our communities and between our 
communities. We can reject the 
violent outcomes that have come as 
a result of weak diplomatic attempts 
and instead work towards the widely 
accepted two-state solution. The 
framework for this solution has 
been laid out for some time, yet 
politicians have failed to act. If real 
progress cannot be made soon to 
dramatically improve the situation 
on the ground, we may completely 
lose the opportunity for peace and 
justice in this region of the world 
already too tarnished by bloody 
conflict.

While a ceasefire between Israel 
and Hamas has just been reached, 
only a two-state solution will 
achieve long-lasting, sustainable 
security and non-violence in the 
region. As American citizens, we 
have to urge our government to 
demonstrate strong diplomatic 
leadership and begin this process 
of negotiating a two-state solution. 
U.S. leadership has played a pivotal 
role in brokering just resolutions 
for conflict between Israel and 
her neighbors. This should be no 
different. Please join J Street U and 
thousands of peace supporters in 
sending the message to our leaders 
that helping to resolve the Israeli-
Palestinian conflict is of critical 
importance. Let’s end this tragedy 
once and for all.  

— Jacob Silverman 
 Senior, Thurgood Marshall College 

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

but has an inflexible and draconian 
grading system that lacks the efficacy 
of an actual teacher. For example, in 
chemistry assignments the program 
deducts points for rounding, yet has 
varied standards of accuracy for each 
question. Incorrect answers receive 
little in the way of corrective guidance. 
For a product used by over 1.2 million 
students nationwide, Connect needs 
more polishing. Once it offers better 
explanations for errors and more 
reasonable grading, it will be an 
invaluable resource, saving instructors 
time and helping students learn on 
their own schedule.

The question, then, is how to 
ensure that American children have 

access to the best possible teaching 
methods. One need only look at 
other countries around the world. 
According to the 2011 article “Why 
are Finland’s Schools Successful?” in 
Smithsonian Magazine, the Finnish 
education system owes its success 
to the tremendous latitude teachers 
are given to craft a personalized 
education for every student. They 
use a “rapid assessment” method, 
in which students are quizzed two 
to three times a week in order for 
teachers to know what their students 
are retaining. Finnish teachers’ lesson 
plans are much more dynamic than 
those in America, because they 
pinpoint areas of student difficulty 
in tests and target weaknesses. This 
effective teaching method allowed 

Finland to ascend to third place in 
world education rankings.

As citizens in the world’s 
preeminent economic powerhouse, 
many in the U.S. may be tempted 
to jump for the latest and greatest 
classroom innovations. While some 
of this cutting-edge technology 
certainly helps productivity and is a 
natural component of technological 
progress, most are a superfluous waste 
of funding. Instead, our education 
system should look to the proven 
models of other successful nations 
and move to personalize education for 
students through enthusiastic teaching 
and hands-on participatory learning.

Readers can contact Kelvin Noronha at 
knoronha@ucsd.edu

▶ Technology, from page 4

Polarization in Conflict Doesn’t Produce Solutions



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

FEATURES
AYAN KUSARI
features@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

San Diego’s Nobel Pride
A look at the six most recent winners of  the Nobel Prize from UCSD

By Mindy Lam / Staff Writer

On Oct. 3, 2011, Dr. Bruce Beutler checked his voicemail in the middle of the night and noticed an email with “Nobel Prize” in the subject line. 
“It said that I had won the Nobel Prize. I was thrilled and a little dis-

believing,” Beutler stated in an Oct. 3, 2011 interview with Adam Smith of 
the Nobel Foundation. “So I went to Google News, and in a few minutes 
I saw my name there, so I knew it was real.”

Every year, the Nobel Foundation in Stockholm, Sweden awards prizes 
for achievements in physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, literature 
and peace. These categories were established by Alfred Nobel, a Swedish 
chemist and engineer best known for inventing dynamite, when he died 
in December of 1896. The first prizes were awarded in 1901.

Beutler, 54, is the latest in a line of 18 UCSD-affiliated Nobel laureates. 
He graduated from UCSD in 1976 with a bachelor’s degree in biology. 
Afterward, Beutler completed medical research in Chicago, New York 
and Dallas, where he made discoveries about the innate immune system, 
also referenced as the body’s non-specific “first line” of defense against 
pathogens, which includes the skin and white blood cells. The Nobel 
Foundation awarded him the Nobel Prize for Medicine because of his 
work with the innate immune system.

Beutler is most known for his characterization of “toll-like” receptors 
— specialized proteins on the surface of non-specific immune cells that 
he calls “the eyes of the immune system.” Beutler discovered these recep-
tors over decades of microbial research. The first toll-like receptor Beutler 
isolated was tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) in mice. He performed 
a series of experiments to determine its function, ultimately discovering 
a signaling pathway that is responsible for neutralizing endotoxins, which 
are released by certain species of bacteria.

In these infections, TNF-α actually acts against the body’s defenses to 
destroy healthy human cells. Most of the symptoms of cytotoxic bacterial 
infections, Beutler discovered, are caused by the action of TNF-α and a 
close cousin, called lipopolysaccharides. 

Beutler then invented a recombinant molecule to neutralize TNF-α 
and began experimenting to confirm that blocking TNF-α in mice 
stopped them from expressing high levels of cytosolic LPS, a precursor 
to cell death. This discovery earned him the Robert Koche Prize in 2004. 

He found that blocking TNF-α did indeed stop mice from expressing 
high levels of cytosolic LPS, a finding that received a great deal of atten-
tion from the scientific community when his paper, “TNF, Apoptosis 
and Autoimmunity: A Common Thread?” was published in Blood Cells, 
Molecules and Diseases in 1998. 

In the process of linking the necrotic factor to LPS and cell death, he 
found that TNF-α worked by binding to a class of receptors that had never 
been thoroughly characterized before — toll-like receptors. He found that 
toll-like receptors start a signaling cascade that result in the inflammation 
of internal organs in mice, a process that had never been fully understood 
before the publication of his research.

Through these experiments, which initially appeared to have unrelat-
ed results, Beutler came to the work that eventually led to understanding 
this class of previously uncharacterized receptors’ actions. This work in 
turn led him to map out the pathways that are crucial to innate immunity. 

After working for 14 years at University of Texas Southwestern and 
the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Dallas, Beutler moved with his 
laboratory to La Jolla in 2000 to work at the Scripps Research Institute as 
a professor of immunology for over a decade.

Beutler was still teaching at UCSD when he received his Nobel Prize 
last year. Beutler now serves as a professor of the University of Texas, 
though he recently returned to UCSD on Nov. 8 to talk about his research 
and career options for current undergraduates. 

Although Beutler left La Jolla for Texas last year, five other Nobel lau-
reates currently work at UCSD. 

Harry M. Markowitz
Harry M. Markowitz, 85, who received the Nobel Prize in Economics 

in 1990, currently serves as an adjunct professor at UCSD’s Rady School 
of Management. The Nobel Foundation cited his “pioneering work in the 
theory of financial economics” in a press release on Oct. 16, 1990.

After graduating from University of Chicago, Markowitz didn’t know 
what to study for his master’s right away.  He decided to continue at the 
same university for a master’s in economics, researching the application of 
math techniques to the stock market. He was one of the first economists 
to analyze the patterns in which investors optimize their returns in his 
paper on “Portfolio Selection,” published in The Journal of Finance in 
March 1952.

As Markowitz notes in his Nobel speech, he was interested in the “eco-
nomics of uncertainty,” the role of risk taking in economic investment.

Up to this point, economics had been analyzed in terms of the overall 
movements of producers and consumers rather than the decision making 
of individuals. Markowitz realized that the uncertainty of an individual’s 
actions must be incorporated into mathematical models of investment 
for them to be reflective of reality. Once he had incorporated uncertainty 
into his calculations, he realized there were huge opportunities to develop 
better ways to diversify an investor’s portfolio. 

In his autobiography for the 1990 edition of the Nobel Foundation’s 
yearbook Les Prix Nobel, Markowitz discusses how he continued to work 
on “the application of mathematical or computer techniques to practical 
problems, particularly problems of business decisions under uncertainty,” 
which opened the doors to others to understand portfolio risk assessment. 

These days, in addition to teaching at the Rady School of Management, 
Markowitz operates a consulting firm out of San Diego.  

In his autobiography, he acknowledges the people he’s worked with 
over the years by saying, “As each of these people knows, I often consider 
work to be play and derived great joy from our collaboration.”

Mario J. Molina 
Two of the three winners of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry 1995 cur-

rently work at UCSD. The first, Mario J. Molina, earned a Nobel Prize for 
discovering the effect of man-made chemicals on the atmosphere.

Growing up in Mexico City as a son of a diplomat, Molina became 
interested in chemistry at a young age. In his autobiography, he recounts 

See nobel page 10

  Jeffrey Lau /Guardian



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Undergrads - To pick up your vouchers,  
have your student ID card and go to Extension 
Student Services Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical students - please  
contact OGSR and the School of Medicine for  
their complimentary vouchers.

Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
UCSD Student Grant Program 
(formerly known as Complimentary Enrollment)

Winter Quarter 2013 Dates:  November 26 - 30, 2012
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)
 

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* Intermediate Piano * Introduction to 
Digital Printing * Improv 101 * FOREIGN 
LANGUAGES * Spanish to English 
Translation * Japanese for Communication 
I * HUMANITIES & WRITING * Creative 
Writing I * Copyediting I * Great 20th 
Century Novels * DIGITAL ARTS * Digital 

Media * Graphic Design Workshop * 
Dreamweaver I * BUSINESS * Project 
Management Essentials * Resume 
Building *  Financial Decision Making * 
Global Marketing * PUBLIC SERVICE & 
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY * Introduction 
to Sustainability * Urban Planning 
and Preservation * Corporate Social 

Responsibility * LIFE SCIENCES * Cell 
and Molecular Biology * Biostatistics 
* Drug  Metabolism * INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY * Text Mining * Web 
Publishing I * Concepts in Helathcare IT* 
HEALTHCARE, BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES 
* Basic Medical Coding * Medical 
Terminology * The Physiology of Exercise *

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.

BY mina nilchian
Associate Features Editor

As the people who run the clock-
work of campus transportation, 
shuttle drivers are the figures with 
whom we rarely converse, but are 
an essential part of student life. 
Ted Jacobo, who currently runs the 
Mesa route and has been working 
as a driver for 12 years, recounts of 
his experience, from the privilege 
of not being obligated to check ID’s, 
to the occasional friendship that 
comes out of the brief encounters.

How long have you been working 
at UCSD? 

I started working here in October 
1991. I worked as a bus mechanic 
during the graveyard shift for my 
first seven years. However, I felt I 
was getting too old for that job, so 
when a driving job opened up, I 
applied for it and have been driving 
since July 1998.
 
Are there student drivers with 
whom you develop friendships 
with or get used to seeing?

When I was younger — when I first 
started driving — I did develop 
some friendly relationships with 
some student drivers. Today, I enjoy 
the student population, but since 
I’m older I have far less in common 
with them than I once did.
 
Do you ever get attached to the 
people you see? Is it hard to have 
to get used to not seeing them any-
more when they don’t take your 
route?

Yes, there were — and are — some 
passengers who I do miss. After 
a few years of driving, you get to 
know them on a personal level. 
Proud parents and grandparents tell 

you all about their children and 
grandchildren. Sometimes you get 
to see and meet them. So yes, you 
get to know them quite well.
 
What’s the best part of your job?

The best part of the job is meeting 
new passengers. You never know 
where your next friend is. People 
here are very interesting. Sometime 
I meet a new professor that does 
very interesting work or research. 
Also, I’m amazed at students and 
how bright they are, especially with 
today’s technology. And how moti-
vated they are.
 
Are you a stickler for checking 
ID’s? Or do you like to let it slide?

I get to drive routes where it doesn’t 
require me to be a stickler on check-
ing ID unless a passenger gets out of 
line. But we do have routes where 
IDs are required, such as the Arriba 
and Nobel routes.
 
What are some changes you’ve 
noticed during the time that you’ve 
been a shuttle driver? 

We’ve added GPS to locate our 
buses, which I think is an awe-
some feature for passengers. We’ve 
expanded some routes, like our 
Coaster West route. We’ve changed 
some routes to accommodate cam-
pus needs. 

The passenger load is always 
increasing. The campus has always 
been putting up new buildings, 
which I think is great. After all the 
changes, the campus is still a beauti-
ful place to drive around and I feel 
very fortunate to be able to do so.

Readers can contact Mina Nilchian at 
mnilchia@ucsd.edu

UCSD Shuttle Driver Shares His Memories, Hopes and Regrets 

  Jaime estepa /Guardian file



8 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  26,  2012 |  w w w. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

BLACKOUT MUSIC FESTIVAL
PRICE CENTER WEST BALLROOM

FRI11.30 • 7pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
1 1 . 2 6 - 1 2 . 0 2

2 0 1 2

MON11.26
12pm
THE EFFECTS OF EMPATHY ON IMMIGRATION 
POLICY PREFERENCES-ERC ADMIN BUILDING, 
ROOM 115
Chris Haynes, a PhD Candidate, discusses how 
empathy can create a more permissive approach to 
immigration policy. In this seminar, Haynes will 
describe the effects of empathy through the results of 
two studies.  

2pm
ART AND SOUL: HOLIDAY ORNAMENTS 
CRAFTING-THE ZONE 
Create some cool craft ornaments to spice up your 
room and get into the season!

7pm
AN EVENING WITH MADAME F– MANDEVILLE 
CENTER 
Playwright Claudia Stevens explores the Holocaust 
through the eyes of a young woman by the name of 
Fania Fenelon, a member of the women’s orchestra at 
Auschwitz forced to perform in front of several 
concentration camp guards. Free to the public!

FRI11.30
7am
WORLD AIDS DAY-PRICE CENTER EAST 
BALLROOM
Participate in UCSD’s honoring of World AIDS Day 
2012, where three sections of the AIDS Memorial 
Quilt will be on display at the Price Center Ballroom. 
There will be a number of other sponsored events in 
recognition of World AIDS Day including art 
installations, a series of performances in the Quilt 
room, a photography exhibit of long term survivors 
with HIV/AIDS, and red ribbon distribution 
throughout campus.

10am
FITNESS ZONE: SIX PACK SWEAT - THE ZONE
Not your average ab class! In 45 minutes, you will 
fatigue your core muscles, ultimately allowing the 
muscles to get stronger, faster. Utilizing gliding 
disks, this class will fly by in the blink of an eye! All 
levels welcome. Lead by FitLife instructor Lauren 
Labagh. Come experience all that Campus 
Recreation's FitLife has to offer! Each week 
highlights a different FitLife class. Have fun and get 
into the Fitness Zone!

3pm
LEADERSHIP IN YOUR GRADUATE 
ADMISSIONS PROCESS- WARREN RM, PC 
WEST, LEVEL 2
Communication and Leadership presents iLead, a 
required seminar to complete the program. Hear 
from Graduate Admissions Professionals to aid in 
the Graduate Admissions Process.

8pm
NO15 MAGAZINE FALL FASHION SHOW - THE 
LOFT AT UC SAN DIEGO
A night of glitz and glam! In partnership with Saks 
Fifth Avenue Off Fifth, NO15 Magazine presents an 
unforgettable runway show at The Loft. Check out 
this season's fall fashion looks! Listen to a live 
band, dance to some beats, and win some 
giveaways! Don't miss out on mingling with UCSD's 
and San Diego's fashion elites. Remember to dress 
to impress, ladies and gents! FREE! Doors 7:00 / 
Show 8:00. Presented by NO15 Magazine, a 
registered UCSD student organization.Contact: 
no15magazine@yahoo.com

3pm
THE SOCIAL SCIENCES AS A CONCEPT: WHERE 
FROM AND WHERE TO? – SEUSS ROOM, GEISEL 
LIBRARY
Immanuel Wallerstein is the former President of the 
International Sociological Association (1994-1998), and 
chair of the International Gulbenkian Commission on 
the Restructuring of the Social Sciences (1993-1995). 
He writes in three domains of world-systems analysis: 
the historical development of the modern world-system; 
the contemporary crisis of the capitalist 
world-economy; and the structures of knowledge. 
Come listen to Dr. Wallerstein define Social Sciences in 
a new light!

8pm
ARGENTINE TANGO CLUB WEEKLY PRACTICA – 
WEST BALCONY, MAIN GYM
The Argentine Tango Club at UCSD presents a weekly 
practica from 8-11pm on Wednesdays during fall 
quarter. The first hour (8-9pm) is especially dedicated to 
beginners and advanced beginners. No partner 
required; no prior experience necessary. Come and 
experience what Argentine Tango is all about!! For more 
information about the club, visit 
ucsdtango.wordpress.com and friend us on Facebook 
(facebook.com/UCSDTango) or join the mailing list.

8pm
ASCE COMEDY PRESENTS: MICHAEL CHE – THE 
LOFT AT UC SAN DIEGO
Michael Che is a rising star in the world of comedy, 
coming out of New York City. He has appeared on 
Comedy Central and The Late Show with David 
Letterman, and has a regular spot on IFC's comedy 
game show 'Bunk.' His comedy blends street culture 
with world issues, and is most influenced by Patrice 
O'Neal and George Carlin. FREE for UCSD 
Undergraduates / $10 General Public

THU11.29
10am
MEDITATION AT THE ZONE – THE ZONE
Come to The Zone from 10:00-10:30am for free 
meditation classes! Practice a variety of techniques 
to achieve greater mental clarity and a peaceful state 
of being. With the constant stress of academics and 
campus life, meditation will help recharge your mind 
and body. All levels welcome.

1:30pm
THERAPY DOGS! FREE EVERY THURSDAY – 
THE ZONE
Drop into The Zone every Thursday from 1:30 to 2:30 
pm to get some love from adorable, professional 
therapy dogs! Studies show that petting an animal 
can lower stress, and the smiles on students' faces 
proves this to be the case every time.

6:30pm
PC BLOCKBUSTER: THE HUNGER GAMES 
(FREE SHOWING!) - PRICE CENTER THEATER
We're so excited to be able to show The Hunger 
Games, the hit movie based on the bestselling book 
series by Susan Collins. The blockbuster film, starring 
Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and Liam 
Hemsworth, is brought to you FREE at PC Theater by 
The Zone, a lounge for student well-being that offers 
free well-being related programs designed to 
promote the flourishing of UCSD students and 
encourage healthy living. Everything at the Zone is 
FREE, so what are you waiting for? You have nothing 
to lose...except the stress.

SAT12.01
9am
UCSD RECREATION COUPLES MASSAGE 
WORKSHOP – RIMAC
Just in time for finals and pre-holiday stress! Bring 
your roommate, partner, or friend for a treat. You will 
learn safe and easy massage techniques. Walk away 
with a course syllabus and tools to manage your 
stress. Relax, kick back, and enjoy life and each 
other. Must register with a partner.

8pm
ASCE CINEMA PRESENTS: SHUT UP AND PLAY 
THE HITS – THE LOFT
On April 2nd 2011, LCD Soundsystem played its final 
show at Madison Square Garden. LCD frontman 
James Murphy had made the conscious decision to 
disband one of the most celebrated and influential 
bands of its generation at the peak of its popularity, 
ensuring that the band would go out on top with the 
biggest and most ambitious concert of its career. The 
instantly sold out, near four-hour extravaganza did 
just that, moving the thousands in attendance to 
tears of joy and grief, with New York magazine calling 
the event 'a marvel of pure craft' and TIME magazine 
lamenting 'we may never dance again. This 
documentary film captures this once-in-a-lifetime 
performance and an intimate portrait of James 
Murphy as he navigates the lead-up to the show, the 
day after, and the personal and professional 
ramifications of his decision. UCSD students: Free / 
Others: $5.00. Doors 7:30 / Show 8:00

WED11.28TUE11.27
10am
FITNESS ZONE: VINAYASA FLOW YOGA – 
THE ZONE 
Come participate in UCSD’s own Vinayasa, or Flow 
Yoga! Each class is composed of several different 
Asanas that stretch, energize, and relax the body. 
Have fun and get into The Zone!

12pm
INTERNATIONAL TEA AND ORIGAMI 
CRAFTING  – THE ZONE
Create cool origami figures and mingle over tea and 
crafts as we discuss our cross-cultural experiences. 
Hosted by The Zone and the International Center.

6pm
THRIFTING TRUNK SHOW-THE LOFT
Shop local and vintage clothing and items at the 
Thrifting Trunk Show! On-campus fashion 
magazines, including No.15, will be hosting a 
fashion show with the thrift items on sale. Prizes 
will be awarded in raffles, so come and have some 
fun! 

UCSD BOOKSTORE
Mark your calendar! Avoid the holiday crowd hassle 
and find so much on sale: clothing, sporting goods, 
home decor, cookbooks, holiday goods, musical 
instruments, children's books, toys, fine pens, 
calendars, medical gifts and clothing, Wellness 
products.

Wheeland Brothers



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  N O V E M B E R  26,  2012 |  w w w. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

FOR RENT
Room for rent -- move in at the beginning of 
April - 1 bedroom for rent in three bedroom 
townhouse. As little as $600 per month. Laundry 
included in unit. Dishwasher, front and back 
patio, walking distance to San Diego State, 
peaceful location. Dogs and cats are welcome! 
0.5 miles from SDSU. Very laid back and clean 
roommates. Listing ID: 42706106

2 UCSD students seeking 1 housemate - $700 
- My friend and I are both UCSD students in 

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

search of a housemate to start a year lease on 
August 1st. She and I are both very clean, con-
siderate, easy-going and quiet and would like 
a similar kind of housemate. we are looking for 
a third person in order to offset the cost of liv-
ing in UTC/La Jolla area. we have not yet found 
a place but would be looking for 3 bedroom 
places near UCSD. Please let me know if you’re 
interested! Listing ID: 42705319

Looking for a roommate / housemate - $650 - My 
current roommate and I are looking for a 3rd guy 
for a 3 bedroom townhouse/condo in the east-
gate/genesee area (easter way/ vision dr). we 

are both male UCSD students about to enter our 
4th year. we are friendly, outgoing, fun, respect-
ful, and clean. we’re both going to be 21. I would 
prefer someone who is outgoing and fun and 
who is a UCSD student or at least around the 
same age. A little about myself: I like to have 
fun and go out whenever I can, but i’m studious 
when i need to be. I like to play volleyball and 
basketball. I’ve been somewhat getting back 
into surfing lately. The places we’ve found have 
ranged from 1 and we’d prefer cheaper. The rent 
price on the post is just a guess of how much 
it will be for the room, it depends on once we 
find a place. we are looking for a lease starting 
JULY 1st. we both want our own rooms, but if 
you want a roommate for your room that could 
work. So feel free to respond and tell a little 
about yourself. Hopefully we can find someone 
soon to sign a lease asap

FOR SALE
Yorkie Puppies Sale SD - 400.00 - Beautiful, pure-
bred, Yorkies puppies. They were born August 
3, 2012, two males available now, they come 
with the certificate of health guarantee, and 
also comes included with purchase their health 
record for the vaccinations. Home raised, they 
have had all their shots and been dewormed, 
they are really healthy and adorable! Tails are 
not docked. Listing ID: 42702599

AKC English Bulldog Puppy - 1000.00 - Ella is an 
AKC English Bulldog Puppy. She is short, stocky, 
has a great personality and has been raised 
around children. She is current on her shots, and 
is ready for her forever home. Don’t miss out on 
this amazing puppy. She is beautiful! Both par-
ents are on site. Listing ID: 42702390

10 week lab/golden retriever - 50.00 - 2 10 week 
lab/golden retriever puppies, 1 female & 1 male, 
very sweet, raised with kids, have both parents, 
loving forever homes only. Call or text (253)905-
8175 or (253)905-0894 for more info or pics. 
Listing ID: 42702290

Under the Surface Glass Table - 2600.00 - boren-
studio@yahoo.com. 412 w. 7th Street San Pedro. 
Hand made carved glass cocktail table. Outer 
Edges of table base, water jet cut. Perimeter of 
the table top, pencil polished. 42”dia. x 18”ht. x 
3/4”glass. 412 w. 7th Street San Pedro. borenstu-
dio@yahoo.com. Listing ID: 42701473

SERVICES
Credit Repair In 30 Days - Powerful Credit 
Repair Company Delivering Powerful Results!to 
Improve credit scores. we Have Helped Our 
Clients Remove Questionable Negative Items, 
Including: Bankruptcies, Liens, Judgments, 
Foreclosures Charge Offs, Collections, 
Repossessions, Late Payments, were Better. 
were Faster. And we Back It Up with A 100% 
Money-Back Guarantee! Listing ID: 42701843

San Diego Tutor with years of Tutoring 
Experience - Lauren S. -  I am an intelligent 
woman who has a degree from UCSD in Art 
history. I graduated with a 3.75 GPA. I would 
love to help children with learning anything 
from English to history. I would prefer younger 
children. Listing ID: 42720555

San Diego Tutor with 1 year of Tutoring 
Experience - Gabriela A. - I have experience 
about 2-3 experiences tutoring students 
k-fourth grade. I did English and reading, 
Spanish, math, science, and art. For the last 3 
mnths I have been an Au Pair in Texas. I have 
been working...Listing ID: 42720554

JOBS
Business Intern for FreeandClear.com - Our mis-
sion at FREEandCLEAR.com is to help people 
master the mortgage process. we accomplish 
our mission by providing in-depth mortgage-
related content and online tools that empower 
people through education and interaction. we 
have designed FREEandCLEAR.com to be easy-
to-use, interactive and highly informative. Our 
goal is to help people find the mortgage pro-
gram that is right for them and own their home 
free and clear in as little time as possible. we 
are seeking a part-time intern to help with the 
development of FREEandCLEAR.com, a website 
dedicated to helping people take control of the 
mortgage process. The intern will assist in the 
development of the web site including working 
with our web designer and web developers to 
create content and various types of functional-
ity including mortgage calculators, charts and 
graphs. The position provides the intern with 
the opportunity to participate in building a 
company from an early stage. Responsibilities 
will include content design and implementation 
using programs such as Excel and Power Point.

Marketing and Communications Intern - 
Provides administrative and project manage-
ment support to the Manager of Marketing. 
Primary responsibilities would be supporting 
marketing initiatives, communications and 
social media. Responsibilities will include 
research, collateral development and writing 
content for the website and other communica-
tion materials. This person will be accountable 
for marketing support in all areas of the depart-
ment. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
weekly web site and social media updates, 
Development and maintenance of media lists, 
Design and Distribution of Marketing Collateral, 
Provide administrative assistance to the 
Manager of Marketing. Position Qualifications: 
To perform the job successfully, an individual 
should demonstrate the following competen-
cies to perform the essential functions of this 
position. College or University Student pre-
ferred. This position is unpaid.

crossword

Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

PROTECT OUR
ENVIRONMENT

Post-Election Campaign Jobs 
Working for the Political Arm of CA’s 

Environmental Movement

FT/PT Positions Available Immediately

Earn $1340-$1740 / Month

Call Ryan @ (619) 523-0412

Significant Studio Features:
50+ Classes Per Week - Plenty of Convenient Parking

Weekdays 5:30am to 10pm • Weekends 7:30am to 7pm
Full Ammenities Luxury Studio w/ Lockers & Private Showers

$10
Trial Week

Of Unlimited
HOT YOGA

  

$74
Monthly-

Unlimited Yoga 
Membership

w/6 Month Commitment

$39
Monthly- Limited 

Yoga Membership

ONLY

7 consecutive days,
enjoy as much yoga

as you want!

*First Time Local Students Only *Full Time College Students Only *Full Time College Students Only

Valid for unlimited classes
weekdays from 6am-3pm
All Drop-Ins are $10 outside

of qualified hours

Directly off UCSD Bus Loop @ I-5 and Nobel Drive Below Ralphs
www.solyogastudios.com  858.452.9642

ACROSS
1 Like some short-term committees
6 How a lot of music is recorded
10 Narrow-necked pear
14 Museum with many Spanish master-

pieces
15 Eight, in Spain
16 Figure skating jump
17 Consumed
18 Postal delivery
19 Knish seller
20 Henna, for one
21 Tokyo monetary unit
24 Hawaii’s coffee capital
25 Reader’s __: magazine
26 1983 Lionel Richie #1 song
31 French city where Joan of Arc died
32 Wooden nickel, e.g.
33 Milk units: Abbr.
36 Old Italian money
37 Parcel of land
39 New Age-y emanation
40 Single
41 Wine vintage
42 Thread holder
43 Desolate title tree in a 1936 Fonda/

MacMurray Western
46 It’s north of the border
49 Cle. hoopsters
50 TUMS target
53 Long sandwich
56 Vaulter’s need
57 “Today, __ man”: stereotypical bar mitz-

vah announcement
58 Hospital staffer
60 __ even keel
61 Shoemaker McAn
62 Spud
63 Camping shelter
64 Talks and talks
65 Hanker, and a synonym for the ends of 

21-, 26-, 43- and 50-Across

DOWN
1 Copied
2 Open-sided cart
3 Loathe
4 “__ on a Grecian Urn”
5 Unite
6 Tuba sound
7 March Madness org.
8 Facial feature with a cleft, perhaps
9 Distributed sparingly
10 No-goodnik
11 Daisy variety
12 Tennis great Monica
13 Eastwood of Dirty Harry films
22 Namibia neighbor: Abbr.
23 Perform with the choir
24 Common scrape site for a kid
26 Woody’s son
27 Butcher’s cut
28 Entice
29 Ivan the Terrible et al.
30 Partners’ legal entity: Abbr.
33 Je ne sais __
34 Cyclo- ending
35 Shopper’s delight
37 Persistence
38 “Norma __”
39 iPhone downloads
41 Wizened “Star Wars” guru
42 Interstate speed limit, often
43 Bemoan
44 __ razor: logical simplicity rule
45 __-jongg
46 Hundred bucks
47 Make amends (for)
48 Texas Rangers president Ryan
51 Often sarcastic joke response
52 In a frenzy
53 Mlle., in Madrid
54 Exploitative type
55 Swiss capital
59 Abu Dhabi’s fed.62 Grammy-winning 

Dr.



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

50%-75% OFF
ALL YOUR FAVORITE SHIRTS & APPAREL

H O L I D A Y  S H O P P I N G  H A P P E N S .

W E E K  1 0  •  L I B R A R Y  W A L K  •  1 0 a m - 3 p m

T R I T O N  O U T F I T T E R S

WEEK

#triton

Current Faculty in Economics, Chemistry, and Medicine Have Won Nobel Prize
setting up a rudimentary laboratory 
in the bathroom of his house. When 
his aunt, a chemist, discovered his 
experimentation, she brought him 
to her laboratory and let him carry 
out college-level experiments there. 
By the time he moved to Switzerland 
at 11 for boarding school, he had 
already decided to become a research 
chemist.

Molina studied chemical engi-
neering at the National Autonomous 
University of Mexico, which he states 
in his autobiography was the closest 
thing to physical chemistry that was 
offered by the university in 1960. He 
went on to graduate school at the 
University of Freiburg in Germany. 
There, he did research in kinetics 
and polymerizations before decid-
ing to explore other research areas. 
He returned to UNAM as an assis-
tant professor for a short time before 
going to study physical chemistry at 
UC Berkeley in 1968.

After graduating, he moved to 
UC Irvine for some post-doctorate 
study researching a class of inert 
industrial chemicals, chlorofuorocar-
bons, which had been accumulating 
in the atmosphere since the wide 
spread of refrigeration in the 1930s. 
With his mentor, Professor Sherwood 
Rowland, Molina developed the 
“CFC-ozone depletion theory” the 
now widely known theory, which 
posits that as these man-made chemi-
cals rise up in the atmosphere, they 
decompose upon contact with solar 
radiation, releasing chlorine radicals 
that convert ozone into diatomic oxy-
gen.

They published their findings in 
1974, calling on policy makers and 
news media to bring attention to the 
dangers of CFC-ozone depletion. In 
his Nobel lecture in 1995, Molina 
described the chemical process, 
pointing to later studies by other sci-

entists observing the ozone depletion 
over the Antarctic as further proof 
that his theory was correct. 

In 1989, Molina moved to the 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
to teach graduate students and con-
tinue research on “global atmospheric 
chemistry issues.” He was working at 
MIT the time he received the Nobel 
Prize. 

Molina moved to UCSD in 2006, 
where he now works with a research 
group investigating the chemical 
properties of atmospheric particles 
in order to better understand their 
effect on climate.

Paul J. Crutzen
The other 1995 Nobel laureate 

working at UCSD also received an 
award for his research in the role 
that NXOY molecules play in ozone 
depletion.

Paul J. Crutzen, 78, wasn’t very 
interested in chemistry as a teenager 
in the Netherlands. He trained as a 
civil engineer after finishing school 
because he didn’t qualify for a uni-
versity stipend. After several years 
as a civil engineer, Crutzen felt he 
wasn’t being intellectually stimulated 
and decided he wanted a career in 
academia. 

He went to work at the 
International Meteorological Institute 
of Stockholm University in 1958 as a 
computer programmer, even though 
he did not have “the slightest bit of 
experience in this subject,” as he said 
in his Nobel Prize acceptance speech. 
Taking this risk allowed him to attend 
classes at the university while work-
ing full time to support his wife and 
child.

While researching for his filosofie 
licentiat (the Netherlands’ equiva-
lent of a Ph.D. thesis) around 1965, 
Crutzen was asked to help develop 
a model of oxygen distribution in 
the atmosphere. In this way, Crutzen 
was introduced to the study of atmo-

spheric chemistry.
During his post-doctorate stud-

ies at Oxford in 1969, Crutzen pub-
lished a paper on “catalytic ozone 
destruction” by nitric oxide (NO) 
and nitrogen dioxide (NO2), stating 
that the concentration of these poten-
tially destructive molecules in the 
atmosphere was directly proportional 
to emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) 
from the use of nitrogen fertilizers in 

agriculture. The imbalance of NXOY 
molecules, Crutzen hypothesized, 
contributed to climate change by 
increasing sun radiation in the atmo-
sphere.  For confirming this through 
his research, the Nobel Foundation 
awarded Crutzen the Nobel Prize in 
Chemistry in 1995.

Crutzen currently works as an 
environmental researcher at the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
at UCSD.

Robert Engle III
In 2003, Robert Engle III, 

69, received the Nobel Prize in 
Economics for the invention of the 
ARCH model, which extrapolates 
economic trends in market prices and 
interest rates — which are normally 
very difficult to predict — with a high 

degree of accuracy.  
Engle noted that economic trends 

tend to be heteroskedastic, condition-
al in the sense that the trends change 
due to different variables over time.  
Heteroskedasticity is a statistical term 
for a collection of variables in which 
one set of data has different variables 
than the rest. Engle applied regres-
sion analysis, a technique for estimat-
ing relationships among variables, to 
analyze the trends.  With these ideas, 
he developed the ARCH model, short 
for autoregressive conditional hetero-
skedasticity model, to map financial 
statistics in order to predict future 
market values.

Engle wasn’t always sure about 
what he wanted to do. 

He graduated from Cornell 
University in 1966 with a bachelor’s 
degree in physics, but he became 
interested in economics during an 
introductory course that he took 
during his senior year. He went 
on to get a doctorate in econom-
ics from the Cornell in 1969, and 
he worked as a research professor 
at the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology from 1969 to 1977. In 
1975, he began to teach and research 
at UCSD, where he conducted the 
research that earned him the Nobel 
Prize. He has retired from teaching at 
UCSD and is now a professor emeri-
tus in the economics department.

Roger Tsien
The most recent Nobel Prize win-

ner at UCSD is Roger Tsien, who 
received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry 
in 2008 for “the discovery and devel-
opment of the green fluorescent pro-
tein, GFP,” according to the Nobel 
Foundation’s press release. 

Tsien, 60, wrote in his autobiogra-
phy that he developed an interest in 
chemistry in elementary school, dur-
ing which time he studied by copying 
down experimental procedures from 
books in the school library. 

Tsien’s favorite experiments when 
he was young were those in which the 
addition of a reagent caused a com-
mon chemical or protein to change 
color. In one experiment, he made a 
deep purple-colored solution change 
into a brilliant green hue, an experi-
ment that “reflects an early and long-
lasting obsession with pretty colors.”

However, he found his chemistry 
classes at Harvard University so “dis-
tasteful” that he abandoned the sub-
ject and majored in neurobiology for 
a while. Eventually he graduated with 
degrees in chemistry and physics and 
went on to get a doctorate in physiol-
ogy at  the University Cambridge.

After the fellowship ended, Tsien 
had a difficult time finding a job 
because he couldn’t be neatly catego-
rized as a biologist or a chemist.

“Biology departments considered 
me a chemist,” he stated in his “Prix 
Nobel” autobiography. “But chem-
istry departments rejected me as a 
biologist.”

Tsien ultimately found a position 
at UC Berkeley, but had to leave 
when a financial crisis in the mid-
’80s caused his lab’s budget to be 
cut. In 1989, Tsien came to UCSD, 
where he began work on fluorescent 
proteins, and his work continues to 
this day.

While at UCSD, Tsien discovered 
green fluorescent protein, which 
is now used to observe chemical 
changes within cells. In the mid-’90s, 
Tsien figured out how to attach these 
fluorescent genes to proteins in the 
cell in order to track these proteins 
for study. Tsien’s techniques are now 
“ubiquitous,” according to the Nobel 
Foundation, in research facilities 
around the world. 

Tsien continues to teach in the 
chemistry department at UCSD.

Readers can contact Mindy Lam at mtlam@
ucsd.edu

▶ nobel, from page 6

“ Biology departments considered me a 
chemist. But chemistry 
departments rejected 
me as a biologist.

– Roger Tsien
UCSD PRofeSSoR

Nobel laUReaTe 2008



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

displayed. In a region permeated by 
tradition, it comes as no surprise that 
a sport lauded as America’s pastime 
is so well received. Since baseball 
has been considered the first truly 
American sport to gain widespread 
popularity, its roots in American his-
tory and tradition may make it more 
appealing to a region in which tradi-
tion is so valued. Also, the sport has 
been around such a long time that it 
has united generations, keeping inter-
est alive among Midwesterners of all 
ages.

Also, much of the lifestyle out 
there — outside of obvious metro-
politan areas like Chicago — moves at 
a slower, and arguably more relaxed, 
pace than in California. Neighbors 
easily spend hours on their front 
porches chatting, while kids meander 
down sidewalks with their friends and 
pay little attention to time. When my 
parents first moved into their new 
neighborhood, they were immediately 
greeted by a neighbor who had spent 
the day baking them an apple pie from 
scratch.

“It wasn’t any trouble,” she assured 
them. “We don’t run short on time 
here.” This could explain baseball’s 
appeal to the Midwesterner: The pac-
ing of the sport reflects the pace of the 
everyday.

It seems that every region of the 
U.S. has its own collective athletic 
interests. Where here in California, 
faster paced sports like football 
and basketball tend to attract us, 
Midwesterners seem to be happy with 
a sport that boasts periods of quiet to 
counterbalance peaks of excitement.

▶ ANDERSON, from page 12

On Why 
Midwesterners 
Love Their 
Baseball

UCSD Splits at Annual Thanksgiving Classic
By ZEV HURWITZ
Senior Staff Writer

WOMEN’S BASKETBALL — The 
UCSD women’s basketball team went 
1-1 at the third annual Thanksgiving 
Classic, this weekend Nov. 23-24. 
The Tritons, who had started the 
season 1-4 fared well in their home 
opener against Azusa Pacific but lost 
in their second game to undefeated 
Tampa, who improved to 6-0 with a 
pair of wins at the tournament.

UCSD 79, Azusa Pacific 48

The Tritons never trailed in their 
first contest at RIMAC Arena since 
the NCAA West Regional Finals last 
year. The Tritons blew out the win-
less Cougars, who compete at the 
NCAA Division II level for the first 
time this season. The Friday game 
marked only the second Triton win 
of five games this season.

UCSD came out strong in the 
first half and never looked back, 
leading 43-21 at halftime despite 
neither team scoring for the final 
2:36 of the half. In the second half, 
the Tritons extended their lead, end-
ing with their largest lead of 31 
points.

The Tritons were paced by 
senior guards Emily Osga and Daisy 
Feder, who scored 21 points and 19 
points respectively. Thirteen Tritons 
recorded minutes, including fresh-
man forward Leeann Alferness who 
grabbed two boards for her first 
mark on the books this season, as 
the team shot an overall 50.9 percent 
from the field.

Tampa 74, UCSD 66, 2OT

A sluggish first half ended with 
a score of 22-13 to cap an awful 
period for both teams from the field. 
UCSD shot a measly 30 percent in 
the first to the Spartans’ 22.7 percent 

on 5-for-22 shooting from the field. 
The Spartans sprinted ahead 

in the second half, shooting 56.5 
percent and scoring 41 points. The 
Tritons kept a sizable lead over 
Tampa until a 7-0 run by the Spartans 
cut the lead to two points with 8:18 
to play. After seven minutes of trad-
ing baskets, the Spartans’ Illyssa 
Vivo hit one of two free throws to 
go up by two with 20 seconds in the 
second half. Daisy Feder hit two free 
throws with eight seconds left to tie 
the game at 54 apiece, but junior 
forward Erin Dautremont missed a 

layup at the buzzer to send the game 
into overtime.

In the first overtime period, the 
squads traded baskets, although 
the Tritons never trailed. A layup 
by Dautremont put the Tritons up 
by two, but the Spartans’ Shamika 
Williams — named to the all-
tournament team with Feder and 
Dautremont — hit a layup to tie the 
game at 61. Feder missed a jumper to 
send the game to double-overtime.

The Spartans took over in the 
fourth period, outscoring the 
Tritons 13-5 to comfortably put the 

game away. 
The extended game exploited 

UCSD’s foul situation as both sopho-
more guard Miranda Seto and Feder 
fouled out in the second overtime. 
With senior forward Erin Grady also 
with four fouls, the Tritons looked 
to the bench for much of the final 
period. Feder led both teams with 
21 points and Dautremont finished 
with a double-double, ending with 
20 points to match her 10 rebounds.

Readers can contact Zev Hurwitz at 
zhurwitz@ucsd.edu.

NOLAN THOMAS/Guardian FILE



SPORTS
CONTACT THE EDITOR

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26,  2012 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Since my family moved out to Illinois, I’ve been shuttling back and forth between sunny San 
Diego and the wintry Midwest. The 
culture shock is more prominent than 
I’d expected — probably given that 
we Californians tend to think that 
the rest of the U.S. is just a slightly 
less hip version of our home state. 

But sometimes, traveling to Illinois is 
like entering another country. From 
the open friendliness of strangers to 
the common but slightly unnerv-
ing expanses of open space, certain 
aspects of the Midwest clearly distin-
guish it from the Left Coast. But prob-
ably the biggest difference I’ve noticed 
is Illinoisans’ exuberant devotion to a 
sport that many here call outdated and 
boring: baseball.

There are definitely baseball fans in 
California; they just seem to be fewer 
in number and less ardent than those 
out by the Great Lakes. It’s relatively 
rare that I meet another Californian, 
especially in the college age group, 
who has more than a passing inter-
est in the sport or doesn’t dismiss it 
entirely as too slow-paced and stodgy.

But man, do Midwesterners love it.
Baseball is everywhere out 

there. Sure, some of our Targets and 
Walmarts have an aisle or two devoted 
to the local team. But in Illinois, virtu-
ally every shop boasts some sort of 
alliance to the Cubs and/or the White 
Sox. Even a trip to the ice cream 
shop becomes a display of loyalty: 
Many creameries serve ice cream in 
little plastic baseball hats emblazoned 
with the insignia of various teams 
and allow (or force, depending on 
your perspective) customers to choose 
their teams when they make a pur-
chase. And God forbid the customer is 
a Mets fan while the cashier supports 
the Cubs; at that point, the customer 
may not receive any ice cream at all. 
Baseball team loyalty is first priority, 
and shop owners know that.

The sport has even worked its way 
into the landscape. Many commu-
nity fields do their best to mirror great 
baseball fields across the country. 
Perhaps the most famous in the state 
is Little Wrigley Field, near Freeport. 
It’s a near-exact replica of the historic 
Chicago stadium and is home to many 
baseball-centric community events. 
Its fame extends past the sleepy town; 
a few years ago, I went there with 
some relatives to meet Hall of Famer 
and ex-Cubs player Ferguson Jenkins, 
who was leading a baseball clinic and 
signing autographs. Almost the entire 
community, of all age groups, attend-
ed excitedly.

There are a few possible reasons 
for such commitment to a sport that 
young Californians tend to snub. For 
one, the Midwest is in the heartland 
of America. Many towns are bastions 
of traditional American values; bum-
per stickers declaring “Stand Up for 
Religious Liberty,” “Stop the Attack 
on Righteousness” and “Mitt Romney 
2012” are common and unabashedly 

More
Time to
Love 
Baseball 

On 

ldanders@ucsd.edu

Track
LORATO ANDERSON

 poor   defense   
deNies   Tritons

Record-setting performances from senior forward Justin Brue and junior guard James McCann weren’t enough to secure a win over CSU San 
Bernardino, last Saturday, Nov. 24.

The Tritons fell 90–82 in their CCAA season opener 
against a strong CSU San Bernardino squad, picked to 
finish third by the annual conference coaches’ poll.

“Overall it was a good game for us,” McCann said. 
“We had an early lead, and then we kind of let them 
get back into things. But I think the biggest thing for us 
right now is working on our defense, because the offense 
is there.”

UCSD went into the second half with a 34–31 lead, 
which it extended to 33–40 through the combined 
efforts of Brue and McCann. From there, the Coyotes 
went on an 11–4 run to tie the game, while shooting 
guard Amari Simons’ three consecutive three-pointers 
gave San Bernardino a healthy eight-point lead, which 
UCSD was unable to chip away at.

Brue, a four-year starter for UCSD, seems to have 
taken the reigns for graduated center Christian Hatch on 
the block. The senior has led the Tritons on the boards 
in three of its four season matchups. He also leads the 
squad with 23 rebounds.

On the road Saturday night, Brue led UCSD with 
24 points, going 12-for-16 from the field, while also 

nabbing nine rebounds. McCann finished with a career-
high 21 points and seven rebounds.

“[Brue] was really hot in the first half,” McCann 
said. “He was getting inside, hitting his jumpers. He was 
strong on the boards, and I think that that’s going to be 
kind of a normal thing for him throughout the season.” 

Despite standout games from both McCann and 
Brue — supplemented by double-digit productions from 
senior shooting guard Tyler McGrath and sophomore 
forward Brandon Blanchard — the Tritons had star-
tlingly little coming from the bench. Outside of those 
four, the remaining six players totaled only 11 points.  

“The biggest thing is being able to defend better,” 
McCann said. “They would penetrate and kick, and we 
weren’t getting out there to defend the shot. [CSU San 
Bernardino] has a ton of shooters on the perimeter, and 
we just need to be better and take a little more pride in 
our individual defense.”

UCSD will return home this week to kick off a four-
game homestand. The Tritons will take on CCAA oppo-
nent CSU Los Angeles this Friday, Nov. 30, followed by a 
game against CSU Dominguez Hills on Saturday.

“Both of these teams are always at the top of our 
league, and we’re really looking forward to playing 
against them,” McCann said. “It’ll be really important for 
us to try and get two wins in at home.”

By Rachel Uda  • Sports Editor

See cOlumN, page 11BEATRIZ BAJUELOS/Guardian

RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.org / follow @UCSD_sports


	092209News NEW
	112912MOpinion
	112912Features
	112612_CALENDAR_Pg8
	112612_Classifieds_PG9
	112912Features
	112912Sports

