
SAY GOODBYE TO THE DORMS.
PAGE 6

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 2012 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGVOLUME 45, ISSUE 49

INSIDE
MONDAY

Height: 1 ft.
Wind: 3-12 mph

Water Temp: 62 F

TUESDAY
Height: 1-1.5 ft.
Wind: 5-13 mph

Water Temp: 62 F

WEDNESDAY
Height: 2.5 ft.

Wind: 6-11 mph 
Water Temp: 62 F

THURSDAY
Height: 1-2 ft.

Wind: 4-11 mph 
Water Temp: 62 F

LOW

$3.95
United Oil, Escondido 
303 S Escondido Blvd & W 3rd Ave

HIGH

$4.59
Chevron, Pacific Beach
1575 Garnet Ave and Ingraham St

MONDAY
H 62 L 50

TUESDAY
H 61 L 51

GAS PER GALLONNIGHT WATCHFORECASTsSPOKEN

WEDNESDAY
H 66 L 51

THURSDAY
H 65 L 52

Pun Time ...............................2
Lights and Sirens ...................3
Field Notes ............................4
Letter to the Editor ................5
Housing Guide .......................6
Crossword .............................9
Sports ..................................12

MONDAY TUESDAY

Anywhere else, that throw is 240 
feet. Easy.

MIKE HAZLE
Former U.S. Olympian

on Nick Howe’s 226’ throw
“

WEDNESDAY THURSDAY

SURF REPORT

WEDNESDAY THURSDAY

ADMINISTRATION

Increased 
Party 
Spending 
in 2011
BY AYAN KUSARI
Staff Writer

In 2011, UCSD administration 
spent the most money on holiday 
parties of all San Diego public agen-
cies, according to a report released 
April 9 by The Watchdog, a group 
that monitors public agencies. 
UCSD spent $247,996 on parties for 
faculty in 2011, up from $179,552 
in 2010.

In an April 11 interview with the 
San Diego Union-Tribune, UCSD 
spokesperson Jeff Gattas said that 
the finding makes sense because 
UCSD employs more than 28,000 
people, making it easily the largest 
employer in the county. 

Due to a general layoff at the 
end of the 2009-10 academic year, 
UCSD had fewer employees in 2011 
than it did in 2010. 

The School of Medicine, which 
is almost entirely private, had the 

BY JAVIER ARMSTRONG
Staff Writer

The city of Venice is still sink-
ing,  according to a recent study 
assembled by the Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography. 

Officials first addressed the 
problem decades ago when they 
learned that centuries of building, 
along with pumping groundwater 
from underneath the city, caused 
subsidence. (Subsidence is the grad-
ual caving in or sinking of a piece 
of land.)

The study, published on March 
28 by the Geochemistry, Geophysics, 
Geosystems Journal, showed that 
continued subsidence is due to 
natural forces. Researchers from 
Scripps, the University of Miami 
and a company from Milan named 
Tele-Rilevamento Europa assembled 

the data. 
The team used a combination of 

GPS data and interferometric syn-
thetic aperture radar data (InSAR). 

InSAR uses radar and satellites 
to generate maps of the earth’s sur-
face, and look for deformations or 
elevations; it is generally used to 
measure earthquakes, landslides 
and volcanic activity.

The report used the combined 
analysis from five different stations 
in Venice from 2001-11. 

It said that the city continues to 
sink at a rate of one to two millime-
ters per year. 

In addition, the data revealed that 
the city is sinking slightly toward the 
east due to plate tectonics.

The GPS results indicate a gen-
eral eastward tilt in subsidence due 
to the Adriatic plate sliding beneath 

BY ZEV HURWITZ
Associate News Editor

Republican presidential candidate 
Ron Paul’s will visit UCSD on Friday, 
May 4. Paul will be speaking at Warren 
Mall at 7 p.m.

UCSD Youth for Ron Paul, an offi-
cial group involved in Paul’s presi-
dential campaign, organized the can-
didate’s visit to UCSD. UCSD Youth 
for Ron Paul President Elizabeth 

Goodrich said that she expects a siz-
able turnout; approximately 1,000 
guests have clicked “attending” on the 
Facebook event.

“This is not just for [Ron Paul] 
supporters,” Goodrich said. “This is 
an awesome opportunity for anyone 
to hear a presidential candidate speak.” 

Goodrich said that UCSD Youth 
for Ron Paul collected over 1,000 sig-
natures on a petition to bring Paul to 
campus.  

“The campaign saw that there was 
great general interest in Paul coming to 
speak here,” Goodrich said. 

Warren Mall has a capacity of 
8,000 spectators. Early seating begins 
at 6 p.m. and general admission seating 
begins at 6:30 p.m. The event is free, 
though online registration is required 
for early admission and seating. 

 
Readers can contact Zev Hurwitz at 
zhurwitz@ucsd.edu.

BY EMILY PHAM
Contributing Writer

Starting Fall 2012, Ocean View Terrace and Plaza Café will close on weekends to save 
money. To offset this, OVT and 
Plaza — along with Foodworx — 
will have extended weekday hours. 

The Undergraduate On-Campus 

Housing and Dining Advisory 
Committee and the Housing, 
Dining and Hospitality staff passed 
this change at their Feb. 27 meet-
ing. The move to close OVT and 
Plaza on the weekends passed with 
three in favor,  zero against and five 
abstentions. 

“[Ocean View Terrace and Plaza 
Cafe dining halls] will be closing on 

weekends in order to save money, 
since students don’t use dining halls 
as much on weekends,” Residential 
and Dining Services Advisory 
Committee representative Clinton 
Rodriguez said.

According to Housing, Dining 
and Hospitality Executive Director 
Mark Cunningham, the committee 
and staff wanted to extend dining 

hall hours without raising prices. 
For this to be feasible, two dining 
halls needed to be closed on week-
ends, he said. The committee chose 
Plaza because it is the “least active” 
dining hall, and OVT because of its 
location.

Next year, OVT and Plaza will 
open 30 minutes earlier and close 

OVT and Plaza 
to Close on 
Weekends

See DINING, page 3

Ron Paul to Visit UCSD on May 4
ELECTION 2012

See BUDGET, page 3

SCIENCE & TECH

Billion-dollar initiative  
under way to prevent floods.

Scripps Scientists: 
Venice is Still Sinking

See VENICE, page 3

Atmo-
sphere 
comes to 
UCSD for 
the first 
time

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN

RAISE THE 
ROOF
Minnesota-
based hip 
hop group 
Atmosphere 
performed a 
sold-out show at 
the Price Center 
Ballroom 
on Thursday, 
April 26. 
Atmosphere 
released their 
most recent 
album, “The 
Family Sign,” in 
2011. 



▶ The UCSD Department of Arts and Humanities 
has been named one of nine universities that will 
participate in the Sony Digital Media Academy. The 
Academy aims to encourage more collaboration in 
the application of digital media.

▶ Ten UCSD graduate students were inducted into 
the Bouchet Graduate Honor society last week for 
exemplary work that incorporated and encouraged 
diversity. UCSD is the only West Coast university 
with a chapter at the Yale-based society. 

▶ Overweight teens who are comfortable with 
their bodies tend to have lower rates of depres-
sion, according to a study that will be published 
in Journal of Adolescent Health in June. Several 
UCSD professors including Stephanie Knatz and 
Roxanne Rockwell contributed to the study.

▶ A San Diego man was arrested after he slashed 
his son’s arms with a knife at a San Diego cemetery. 
Joseph Ramirez claims that he heard “voices in his 
head” telling him to sacrifice the eight-year-old boy.

▶ An autopsy performed on the suspect in the New 
Year’s Eve murder-suicide in Coronado has deter-
mined that John Reeves was intoxicated when he 
killed himself and three friends at a party. Among 
those killed were UCSD alum Karen Reis and her 
brother David.

▶ The American Lung Association has awarded 
San Diego an “F” grade for air quality. Overall, 
San Diego has the seventh worst air quality in the 
country.

▶ The California State Assembly unanimously 
passed a bill last week that will authorize the 
establishment of the UCLA International Medical 
Graduate Program. 

▶ Police arrested a Long Beach man after finding 
him lying next to a young girl in a church park-
ing lot. The man had allegedly killed the girl, then 
attempted to kill himself.

2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

OFFICIAL SUN GOD 
FESTIVAL 2012
MERCHANDISE

LIBRARY WALK
10am-3pm

ON SALE NOW!ON SALE NOW!

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2012, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California or 
Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded by 
advertising. This is the face of a Hufflepuff.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org
Focus: focus@ucsdguardian.org

Leisure: leisure@ucsdguardian.org
Hiatus: hiatus@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Marketing & Advertising Director
Brandon Katzer

Webmaster
Bryan Smith

Advertising & Marketing Assistants
Christine Alabastro 

Christine Doo 
Shilpa Sharma

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Leo Bui,, Margaret Yau, Rebecca Horwitz, 

Arielle Sallai, Nathan Toung

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editor

Focus Editor

Leisure Editor

Hiatus Editor

Associate Hiatus Editor

Copy Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Development Editor

Angela Chen

Arielle Sallai
Margaret Yau

Angela Chen

Nicole Chan
Zev Hurwitz

Madeline Mann

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Nicholas Howe

Mina Nilchian

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel

Andrew Whitworth

Monica Haider
Emily Pham

Andrew Oh

Nolan Thomas

Nathan Toung

Rebekah Hwang

Jeffrey Lau

Hayley Bisceglia-Martin

PUN TIME By Irene Chiang

VISUAL DIARY By Khanh Nguyen

COMPILED BY Zev Hurwitz | associate news editorCURRENTS

UCSD SAN DIEGO CALIFORNIA

CORRECTION
The April 26 photo of the Out 
and Proud week was  
incorrectly attributed to 
Andrew Oh. The photo was 
taken by Brian Monroe.

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the 
editors. Corrections can be sent 
to editor@ucsdguardian.org.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

LIGHTS & SIRENSLIGHTS & SIRENS

Thursday, April 19 
1:42 p.m.: Welfare check 
▶ A male was trying to crawl out 
of a window at Café Ventanas. 
Information only. 
10:06 a.m.: Information only 
▶ A parking representative received 
a “threatening message” at Campus 
Service Complex Building B. Report 
taken. 
9:16 p.m.: Medical aid 
▶ A male at Main Gym “got poked in 
the eye.” Information only — subject 
walked to emergency room. 
 
Friday, April 20 
12:03 a.m.: Disturbance, noise 
▶ People were playing a “loud 
basketball game” on a court by Bates 
Hall. Information only. 
12:45 a.m.: Suspicious person 
▶ Subjects were “possibly locked 
inside” a bathroom at Price Center. 
Field interview administered. 
2:30 a.m.: Citizen contact 
▶ A roommate’s boyfriend refused 
to leave at Matthews Apartments. 
Cancelled after dispatch. 
9:56 a.m.: Preserve the peace 
▶ An ex-boyfriend was waiting 
outside The Village West Building 2. 
Checks OK. 
11:15 a.m.: Suspicious person 
▶ A male stood in the middle of 
Voigt Drive and yelled obscenities. 
Unable to locate. 
 
Saturday, April 21 
3:49 p.m.: Report of petty theft 
▶ The subject’s keys and shoes were 
stolen at a beach, causing the subject 
to be locked out of his or her office. 
Information only. 
10:50 p.m.: Possession of marijuana 
▶ A male was arrested for presenting 
a fake ID to a police officer. Closed 
by adult arrest. 
 
Sunday, April 22 
12:28 a.m.: Vandalism 
▶ A group of seven to eight males 

on bikes were “knocking trash cans 
over” at Main Gym. Unable to locate. 
1:13 a.m.: Disturbance, domestic 
violence 
▶ A boyfriend and girlfriend were 
yelling and fighting at The Village 
Building 4. Closed by adult arrest. 
4:02 a.m.: Citizen contact 
▶ The subject at Tenaya Hall 
contacted an officer regarding her 
roommate’s boyfriend visiting her 
room. Field interview administered. 
5:04 a.m.: Suspicious person 
▶ A male driving a van threw 
something at Tioga Hall. Checks OK. 
9:56 p.m.: Disturbance, general 
▶ A fraternity refused to allow 
maintenance into Peterson Hall. 
Field interview administered. 
 
Monday, April 23 
6:40 p.m.: Battery 
▶ The suspect punched the victim 
after a verbal argument at The 
Village Building 4. Closed, cited and 
released. 
 
Tuesday, April 24 
4:25 p.m. - 7:10 p.m.: Theft 
▶ A bicycle worth $300 was stolen at 
Geisel Library. Report taken. 
1:12 a.m.: Citizen contact 
▶ The reporting party at Tamarack 
Apartments “heard someone trying 
to get in” through the front door. 
Unable to locate. 
 
Wednesday, April 25 
6:28 a.m.: Medical Aid 
▶ A male “hit his chin” while 
stepping off a bus at the intersection 
of Gilman Drive and Myers Drive. 
Transported to hospital by medics. 
5:40 p.m.: Suicide attempt 
▶ The reporting party at Galbraith 
Hall had “suicidal thoughts.” Report 
taken. 

—COMPILED BY SARAH KANG 
Staff Writer

an hour later during the weekdays. 
OVT will operate between 6:30 a.m. 
to 9 p.m, instead of its current hours 
of 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. Plaza will be open 
from 9:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. 

Foodworx in Sixth College, a 
special case, will close two hours 
later — at 10 p.m. instead of 8 p.m. 
The operating hours of the other 
dining halls and on-campus markets 
will not change.

Plaza and OVT will be open 16.5 
fewer hours per week compared to 
their 2011-12 hours, and Foodworx 
will be open 10 more hours per 
week. Ultimately, dining halls will 
have less operating hours in 2012-
13.

“Convenience-wise, it wouldn’t 

be convenient, but there are other 
places to eat and there are a lot 
of options,” Muir College junior 
William Hui said.

Students who frequent OVT 
and Plaza must go to other dining 
halls on weekends, but these dining 
halls are prepared for the overflow, 
Cunningham said. 

Cunningham, according to the 
committee’s minutes from its Feb. 27 
meeting, figures that approximately 
39 percent of residents eat at Pines 
on the weekends. 

“Dining participation on week-
ends is always much lower than 
during the week, and we have the 
capacity to handle the demand from 
costumers,” Cunningham said.

Student preference regarding 

dining halls is a likely reason for 
choosing to close Plaza, Revelle 
College sophomore Song Wang said. 
She added that closing Plaza on 
weekends will not upset the majority 
of students.

“Most people in Revelle on week-
ends don’t go to Plaza — they go to 
Pines,” Wang said.

Cunningham said the committee 
passed the change to better support 
resident demands while keeping 
dining hall costs “as low as possible.”

“I’m glad that they’re closing later, 
because sometimes by 8 p.m. I forget 
to go and it’s closed,” Revelle College 
freshman Olivia Puckett said.

 
Readers can contact Emily Pham at 
e4pham@ucsd.edu.

▶ DINING, from page 1

OVT, Plaza and Foodworx to Have Extended Hours M-F

the Apennines mountains.
“The city of Venice asked us to 

start monitoring the sinking using 
GPS technology that we had devel-
oped here in California,” Scripps 
researcher and geodesist Yehuda 
Bock said. “[We were] commis-
sioned by the group to help them 
build GPS monitoring stations to 
look at the data over the long term, 
to look for subsidence in the city.” 

Bock said that Venice’s coast-
al regions have been affected by 
storms and rising sea levels pre-

dicted by global warming models. 
He added that Venice has dealt 

with tidal-induced seasonal flood-
ing every year. 

In a March 20 article from 
ouramazingplanet.com article fea-
turing Dr. Bock, he explained that 
floods are a big problem along 
Venice’s canals. 

Often, Bock said, residents use 
wooden planks to navigate floodwa-
ters in large parts of the city during 
storms throughout the year. 

The article stated the city of 
Venice has created a multibillion-

dollar effort to install flood protec-
tion walls that can be raised to block 
incoming flood waters. 

Bock said that the city has cre-
ated these preventive methods to 
protect Venice from overall rising 
sea levels due to climate change. 

“We just supplied information 
about the subsidence in the area,” 
Bock said. “They have to use and 
take that into account in their engi-
neering implementation.”

 
Readers can contact Javier Armstrong 
at jtarmstr@ucsd.edu.

▶ VENICE, from page 1

Scripps Scientists Used GPS Monitoring Stations to Analyze Data

highest increase in party expen-
ditures. Spending for the School 
of Medicine holiday parties did 
not come from student fees. For 
instance, a French gourmet catered 
celebration for surgery staff held 

at Birch Aquarium — and costing 
$20,078 for 325 employees — was 
funded by patient fees that were des-
ignated for discretionary use. This 
is an increase from the 2010 event, 
which cost $17,233, partly because 
there were fewer employees (275), 

and partly because the caterer’s pric-
es were lower that year.

Jeff Gattas could not be reached 
for comment as of press time.

 
Readers can contact Ayan Kusari at 
akusari@ucsd.edu.

▶ BUDGET from page 1

School of  Medicine Spent $20,078 on French-catered Party



OPINION
MADELINE MANN
opinion@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Researchers Mark D. Shermis and Ben Hammer from the University of 
Akron announced earlier this month that there was “no significant difference” 
between grades given to essays by human graders and machine grading 
software. Though critics argue that such grading methods would encourage 
students to “game the system” with formulaic writing, the way updated 
software such as Vantage Learning’s IntelliMetric works ensures that this 
will not be the case. Most importantly, the machine grading of essays allows 
students to receive quicker feedback, which can be crucial to learning.

Automated essay scoring technology has progressed tremendously in 
recent years. Older interfaces like the Bayesian Essay Test Scoring System 
relied on simple metrics such as grammatical correctness and sentence level 
diversity. Such simple systems are easy to “game,” but newer software like 
Carnegie Mellon’s LightSIDE and McGraw-Hill’s Bookette are much more 
organic in their approach to grading. Instead of creating a set of rigid markers 
that “good” writing must contain, these programs are “trained” to mimic the 
grading patterns of a large number of human-graded sample essays.

Human graders in public high schools take three weeks on average to 
grade student papers, according to an informal study conducted by The 
Paper Graders, a website operated by a group of high school English teachers. 
Machine graders take minutes. A 1995 study conducted by the publishing 
company Cengage Learning found that students who receive immediate 
feedback on their writing improve significantly faster than those who do not. 

These systems aren’t merely as good as their human counterparts — they’re 
better. Because these programs are significantly faster than humans, teachers 
and students risk very little in adopting them, yet have a great deal to gain.

— AYAN KUSARI
Staff Writer

Automated Scoring More Efficient Than Human Grading Computerized Grading Programs Allow for Cheating 
Writers, be alarmed — your papers may soon be judged by computers. 

A recent University of Akron study found that automated essay scoring 
software awarded essentially the same essay scores as did trained human 
graders. This finding may encourage schools to begin implementing such 
practices. However, computerized scoring poses problems of validity and 
should not be treated as adequate replacements for human graders.

Les Perelman, director of the Writing Across the Curriculum program at 
MIT, has successfully fooled the Educational Testing Services’ e-rater that has 
been used to grade the GRE and Collegiate Learning Assessment into giving 
high scores to unintelligible essays. Computer programs like the e-rater score 
essays by weighing in linguistic features such as diction complexity against 
the proportions of grammar and usage errors. Such programs attempt to 
circumvent cheating by giving the computer sample essays to “train” it to 
know what to look for — but the fact of the matter is that a computer is a 
computer. Just like how Stanford statistics Ph.D. Joan R. Ginther hit jackpot 
four times by figuring out the algorithm behind the lottery, determined 
students can figure out how to “beat” the system by incorporating words or 
structures that they know the computer will reward with points.           

While objective and consistent, computers cannot evaluate abstract 
qualities such as clarity, creativity, implied meanings and the ability to 
communicate with designated audiences. Furthermore, automated methods 
may be influenced by easily manipulatable features that inflate scores, or fail 
to recognize features that exemplify good writing mechanics. 

Automated substitutes may be appropriate for scoring mathematically-
based subjects, but they are best left out of the multifaceted realm of writing.

— HILARY LEE
Associate Opinion Editor

QUICK TAKES ON APRIL 11, RESEARCHERS FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF AKRON RELEASED A STUDY THAT FOUND THAT AUTOMATED GRADING SOFTWARE AND HUMAN GRADERS GAVE SIMILAR SCORES TO OVER 22,000 STUDENT-WRITTEN ESSAYS.

For four terrible months last year, I was charged with keeping a secret for a friend. 
It was a major secret, one of those 
messy I-cheated-and-hurt-our-
friend-but-please-don’t-tell-her 
scenarios that helped create the 
“ignorance is bliss” cliché. As anyone 
who’s kept a secret of this caliber 
knows, it’s an emotional burden. 
So, bad news for everyone around: 
According to D.R. Proffitt at the 

University of Virginia, these secrets 
can manifest as physical burdens too.

In a series of experiments, 
Proffitt et. al asked participants to 
write about either a major or trivial 
secret, and then look at a hill head-
on. Those who’d written about the 
big secret rated the hill as looking 
steeper than those with the more 
trivial burden, implying that secrets 
leave us physically encumbered. The 
results remained consistent through 
the other experiments — those who 
thought about their secrets found 
it more difficult to do everything 
from throwing bean bags to carrying 
shopping bags.

 All this is part of a body of 
research on “embodied cognition,” 
or the idea that the body influences 
the mind. We’re used to thinking 
of the brain as the end-all-be-all 
of thought, but a host of studies 
shows that common metaphors may 
literally be true: Washing our hands 
makes us feel more pure morally, and 
taking a shower helps relieve guilt. 
Warm rooms make people “warmer” 
socially, and people feel closer 
socially, and people judge others as 
“warmer” or “colder” depending on 
the temperature of the drink they’re 
holding. 

The metaphors don’t end here: 
apparently, opposing religions truly 
can leave a bad taste in one’s mouth. 
Researchers at the University of 
Illinois told 82 Christian students that 
they’d be rating two different drinks 
and taking a handwriting test. The 
participants tasted the drink, rated 
it. Then they copied either a neutral 
passage, a passage from the Koran 
or  a passage Richard Dawkins’ The 
God Delusion. Done. They tried the 
“second” (read: same) drink, rated 
it; this time around, the participants 
who’d copied the Koran or Dawkins 
gave lower rankings to said “second” 
drink, while drink ratings from 
those who copied the neutral passage 
remained consistent. 

There’s even “enclothed” 
cognition, which is basically the 
scientific version of “the clothes 
make the man.” In a Northwestern 
University study, students wearing 
either normal clothes or white lab 
coats performed the Stroop attention 
test. The students wearing lab coats 
made half as many errors on the 
critical trials.

So, the (rather absurdly 
reductionist) takeaway: Metaphors 
are often literally true. Unburdening 
yourself of big secrets might make 
the physical world look more 
manageable. And wear a white lab 
coat to this week’s midterm.

Lab Coats 
and Lies 
Affect Our 
Performance

Field 
        Notes

ANGELA CHEN
shchen@ucsd.edu

Field 
        Notes

ANGEL

Let’s face it — study abroad is a big deal on college campuses. Every quarter there seems to be a 
student or two who snags the professor’s 
microphone before lecture and preaches 
about the joys of the study abroad 
program. And every other week, an 
email spamming a certain major reminds 
students about study abroad info sessions. 
UCSD is committed to encouraging 
its students to pack up and leave, and 
according to Chancellor Marye Anne Fox, 
UCSD has a goal of sending 50 percent of 
its undergraduates abroad by Fall 2013. 
This push to send half of its students 
abroad is an unnecessary focus for UCSD, 
because while studying abroad may be 
a worthwhile supplement to the college 
experience, it is simply not financially 
feasible for many students.

Ultimately, the cost of a study abroad 
experience varies on where you go and 
your living arrangements. Tuition abroad 
is comparable to UCSD’s out-of-state 
tuition. However, if you are an in-state 

student your tuition will shoot up to 
approximately $20,000. Keep in mind 
that this is in addition to the costs of 
transportation, food and supplemental 
excursions.

And while the Programs Abroad 
Office has promoted study abroad’s 
affordability to those students who 
already have financial aid, the cost relief 
doesn’t extend to all students. The office 
meets the financial aid need of the 40 
percent of study abroad students who 
are in the high financial need category. 
This does not help the middle class 
students who are just above the cut-off 
for financial aid, but lack the financial 
flexibility to take months off much 
needed jobs to go abroad. 

San Diego State University is one 
example. The college requires over 4,000 
students in 24 programs to go abroad 
every year, which has caused a backlash 
of disgruntled students who can’t afford 
the trip. San Diego State offers an option 
to take a nine-day trip to Tijuana for 

$900, but even this compromise is asking 
too much of some students. To require 
students to leave the country in the midst 
of their college careers completely ignores 
the fact that students do more than go to 
class — they have jobs, family obligations 
and other personal responsibilities. Such 
was the case of a 26-year-old San Diego 
State student pursuing a degree in social 
work, whose $400 scholarship for her trip 
to Mexico was not enough to compensate 
for childcare for her two children, the 
missed days at work and the emotional 
distress of separation she experienced 
while abroad. 

Al Sweedler, San Diego State’s 
assistant vice president for international 
programs explains the purpose of the 
requirement is because “all students 
should get an international experience.” 
While the UCSD study abroad program 
similarly characterizes studying abroad 
as an experience that expands students’ 
worldviews and helps them to get to 

See STUDY ABROAD, page 5

 ILLUSTRATION BY JEFFREY LAU/GUARDIAN

A Broad 
Demand

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

UCSD’s Programs Abroad Office aims to send 50 percent of  undergraduates abroad by Fall 
2013, an unnecessary focus for our school because most students cannot afford the expenses and 

time needed for such trips.

By Madeline Mann • OpiniOn editOr



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

know themselves, studying abroad is 
still a luxury for most.

However, it isn’t hard to see why 
universities encourage students 
to go abroad, as there are certain 
advantages to doing a study abroad 
program while in school versus 
post graduation. According to a 
2010 survey performed by the 
International Center Office, 93.7 
percent of UCSD study abroad 
alumni reported that the cross-
cultural skills learned while abroad 
proved professionally valuable, while 
51.4 percent agreed that study abroad 
influenced their career choices. 

It’s pretty clear why UCSD 
administration is pushing the 
study abroad experience — UCSD 

as a whole reaps benefits as well. 
Increasing the number of students 
abroad makes UCSD appear to 
be a more internationally-minded 
school, with 22 percent of its 
undergraduates going abroad as 
compared to the national average 
of three percent, according to the 
Programs Abroad Office. UCSD 
comes in third place for sending 
the most students abroad in the UC 
system, only to be outnumbered by, 
you guessed it, Berkeley and UCLA.

As for losing money on these 
students who are no longer paying 
full tuition, UCSD isn’t sweating. 
Students who go abroad still pay 
UC fees (you can’t get away from 
them that easily). Also, every year 
UCSD brings in approximately 260 

international students who pay 
$22,878 in tuition, compared to the 
$13,234 that Californian students 
pay. Sending students abroad is 
healthy for the university’s economy 
and boosts its prestige — no wonder 
colleges are so adamant about it.

Personally, I will choose to not 
study abroad because I not only 
need to work, but I love UCSD and 
I don’t want to miss even a quarter 
of it. China, Ireland and Australia 
will all still be there waiting for me 
when I graduate, so after I’ve utilized 
my UCSD experience to the fullest, I 
will be able to explore the world on 
my own terms. 

Readers can contact Madeline Mann 
at memann@ucsd.edu

• 47,000 student and staff population
• 50 high-traffic distribution points
• 78% of college students use coupons
• 25,000 website page views per month
• 80% of college students read their campus 
newspaper

Contact Us: 858-543-3467
www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

The UCSD Guardian is the largest established 
news outlet on campus and the biggest access 
channel for businesses targeting UCSD students!

Make a Statement with 
47,000 Eyes On You

Dear Editor,
“We both have degrees from 

Harvard. I have one, he has two. What 
a snob.” – President Barack Obama, 
referring to presumptive Republican 
presidential nominee Mitt Romney.  

 The whole point of going 
to Harvard for the past decade has 
been to get a job on Wall Street.

 Harvard College, among the 
lowest-debt colleges, can’t be absolved 
of the blame in the current trillion-
dollar debt crisis, either; the college 
began the sticker price arms race in 
the early 1980s because it could raise 
prices with impunity due to the social 
cachet it offers.

 Therefore, questions like 
“How do I get a job lobbying the 
U.S. government to protect Wall 
Street interests?” would be more 
germane than questions about the 
supposed rise in global temperatures. 

 “Why it is OK for Wall Street 
banks to create securities designed to 
fail; why it is OK for them to game 
the ratings companies; why it is OK 
to get paid huge sums of money while 
working for companies rescued, and 
still implicitly backed, by the U.S. 
government; why it is OK to subvert 
reform efforts?”

 Wall Street recruiters on visits 
to Harvard invariably shift the 
conversation from content to form. 
They must say things like, “I don’t 
mind what you are saying, I just mind 
how you are saying it.” ‘

And “I don’t understand why you 
can’t treat other people with respect.” 
They avoid taking questions from 
Harvard College students at all. For 
that matter, they avoid engaging 
them in substantive conversation of 
any sort. They cast themselves not 
as extensions of a global financial 
empire but as guests of the college. 

Everyone at Harvard can agree that 
it is wrong to be rude to ladies on a 
visit. Therefore, Wall Street recruiters 
are oftenest of that gender.

 Sometimes graduating seniors at 
Harvard may think they are pissed 
off at Wall Street recruiters because 
of something they did. They are 
actually pissed off at them because 
they can no longer afford to hire 
them all.  As awkward as it is to 
find themselves (as early admissions 
specialists) in a war with students 
inside their own trade schools, Wall 
Street recruiters cannot simply cease 
to deal with them. 

 After all, many are their own 
children. Disinheritance is messy. 
And, anyway, what’s the point of 
winning the estate-tax battle if they 
have no heirs?

 More importantly, the students 
at Harvard College are Wall 
Street’s most devastating ammunition 
in the looming cultural war. They 
show the Lower 99 that today’s 
economic inequality isn’t some 
horrible injustice but a financial 
expression of the natural order of 
man. The sort of people who become 
Upper Ones are inherently different 
from the sort of people who become 
Lower 99s. Win the battle at Harvard 
and they might still win this war. 

 “I have not seen ‘The Hunger 
Games.’ Not enough class warfare.” – 
Obama.

—Richard Thompson
Alumnus, ‘83

Universities Encourage Study Abroad to Boost Own Prestige

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

Economic Problems 
Even Hurting Harvard 

SOLVE FOR X By Philip Jia

▶ STUDY ABROAD, from page 4

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

leisure
ARIELLE SALLAI
leisure@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

lifestyle

THE GUARDIAN 
OFF-CAMPUS 
HOUSING GUIDE

University City ...................................
LA REGENCIA By Angela Chen

When it comes to apartments in the UTC area, there’s far more similari-
ties than differences between complexes such as La Regencia, Costa Verde and 
Archstone. La Regencia’s rent is comparable to the other options — around $400 
for a double, $650 for a single — and the buildings all have pools and gyms.

The rooms are decent, though shabbier than the Costa counterparts. At 
Costa, most apartments come with their own balcony, while Regencia’s version of 
a “balcony” is a partitioned-off portion of a courtyard. Both share the typical evils 
of UTC living: unreliable maintenance, slow elevators and nightmare parking.

The truly unlucky have tandem parking (one car in front of the other, so the 
car on the inside is effectively trapped), and the rest of us do six-point turns to 
maneuver into tiny spaces set off by enormous columns. 

Depending on which side of La Regencia you live, you’re next to either the 
second or third Arriba shuttle stop. Aim to live on the Regents/Palmilla side: 
You’ll be two minutes from the second stop and will usually be able to get a spot 
(albeit, sometimes standing room only). If you’re on the third, prepare to be 
passed over time after time.

Whichever side you end up on, you’ll be able to experience the greatest 
delight of La Regencia: living in the backyard of Vons. But caveat emptor: While 
the one-minute walk to the grocery store is wonderful for convenience, it’s awful 
for enabling access to every late-night Los Primos (open until 1 a.m.!) craving.

PINES OF LA JOLLA By Rachel Uda
You will have to sacrifice access to water every other Tuesday from 12 

p.m. - 1 p.m., but Pines of La Jolla’s proximity to a UCSD shuttle stop is well 
worth it. The complex houses mostly two-bedroom units.

LA JOLLA VILLAGE PARK 
By Margaret Yau

Living in an apartment is overrated. Let’s be honest, your slobby ways can’t 
feasibly fit into a cramped apartment with four other equally messy roommates. 
You need a house. You need Mahaila.

The townhouse complex, officially known as La Jolla Village Park, is located 
on the corner of La Jolla Village Drive and Regents Drive. Each house is a short 
five-minute jaunt to either the MTS bus line or the Arriba campus shuttle, so 
don’t worry — you’ll never be too far away from your favorite lecture halls. 

Each house boasts a two-car garage and one additional parking permit, and 
the largest models have four rooms (one master bedroom, two singles and a 
converted den). You’ll have to pay for gas and electricity and cable, just like any 
normal apartment, but the water bill is paid for by the owners of the complex. 

The trick to landing a house in Mahaila is contacting the landlords, who 
act as independent contractors. Drive around the complex to see any “for 
rent” signs — they are usually up around April and May. But be sure to do 
your research before touring the house and meeting with the landlord — 
many landlords prey on unsuspecting college students, charging them $500 
more a month than the average asking price for a broken apartment next to a 
loud, busy street.

NOBEL COURT By Nicole Chan
Nobel Court is a comfortable and convenient choice for students who 

don’t have a car in San Diego. The complex, which is accessible from campus 
via the Nobel shuttle, is located within walking distance to La Jolla Square 
Village and the Vons shopping center. Nobel Court is a newer apartment 
complex that offers an updated gym facility, secure entrance and comfortable 
digs. The complex is not the ideal place to throw a party — street parking can 
be hard to find and the complex’s residents are mostly composed of retired 
couples and small families. Nobel Court only has single and double apart-
ments, and rent is slightly steep — a double runs about $1875 per month. 

INTERNATIONAL GARDENS By Tiffany Chin
Without compromising cost and convenience, La Jolla International Gardens provides reasonable living for 

the student on a budget. Advantageously placed alongside the Arriba shuttle — not to mention near Vons and 
Ralphs — it’s simply a hop, skip and a jump back to your ever-welcoming bed. With the price for a two-bed-
room apartment starting at $1600, two guaranteed parking spots, and fairly quick maintenance, it’s no wonder 
why the majority of residents are students (though it’s still eerily quiet past 10 p.m.).

However, the winding stairs become a daunting challenge upon move-in, requiring you to use months of 
Tetris training in Physics lecture to lug your furniture up to your new home. But once you get past the hassle of 
dragging your bed frame and couch up the unbelievably narrow, winding stairs, it’s smooth sailing for the rest 
of your stay — as long as you don’t mind a cold shower once in a while.

ANDREW RUIZ/GUARDIAN FILE

ANDREW OH/GUARDIAN FILE



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7

........................................ and Beyond
PACIFIC BEACH By Arielle Sallai

Maybe you’ve been looking for a boozier, bro-ier college experience. Maybe 
you’re just looking for cheaper rent in a nicer apartment than you’d get closer to 
campus. Either way, Pacific Beach is the obvious solution. Far enough away from 
the apartment towers of University City, yet close enough that the commute 
won’t kill your soul, PB sets the right balance between pleasure and practicality. 

For one, you’ll have to pass about a dozen bars simply on your way to Trader 
Joes (in fact, you can even grab a beer at the bar right next door to the grocery 
store if you want to let drunchies do the buying later), making even the most 
basic of chores an adventure. At the same time, you can save gas by taking the 30 
bus route to campus — a free, 40-minute trip with our bus stickers. The length 
might sound daunting, but it’s great study time and a beautiful, scenic route 
along the coast through La Jolla. Just throw on your headphones and zone out 
while you make your way back to this raucous beach town.

You can easily find two-bedroom apartments for roughly $1250 a month 
(that’s just $625 for a single, and even cheaper if you double up), some within 
walking distance to the beach, bars and burritos — and, really, there’s nothing 
better than that.

LA JOLLA By Arielle Sallai
If you live in La Jolla proper, don’t expect lively neighbors. If you want to 

throw a rager, don’t — they’ll make you regret it. Basically, you’re expected to 
be seen and not heard, though they’d probably rather not see you either. 

But hey, that’s all moot when you live in paradise. With enough roommates 
you can make a La Jolla crib as affordable as anything up the hill in University 
City (expect at least $700 for a single). While most of the affordable apart-
ments are disappearing in favor of luxury condos, if you lurk Craigslist enough 
there’s always a solid chance at finding some gem of a beach shack.

MIRA MESA By Ayan Kusari
A 15-minute drive from campus, the suburban homes and patchy lawns of 

Mira Mesa don’t look like much at first glance. But these are superficial flaws, 
especially when you look at the price tag: The rent can run as low as $450 a 
month, or $650 if you’re getting a single.

Mira Mesa is just off the I-15, so getting places is a snap if you have a car. 
And the I-5’s traffic jams are not a problem for the commuting student, since 
Miramar Road cuts straight across the freeway. Bus rides are long, but the MTS 
Route 921 to campus runs every thirty minutes.

But the best thing about Mira Mesa is the food. There are Thai and 
Vietnamese restaurants galore, but cheap, authentic Indian, Persian, Moroccan 
and Italian restaurants — none of which can be found in La Jolla — are ubiq-
uitous in Mira Mesa as well. There’s In-n-Out, Souplantation and a selection of 
Chinese buffets. Ethnic groceries like 99 Ranch, Seafood City and Vien Dong 
offer hard-to-find Asian ingredients and some of the freshest seafood you’ll find 
in San Diego County.

HILLCREST By Ayan Kusari
Vibrant, diverse and progressive, Hillcrest is everything a college town 

should be. It’s known for its locally-owned coffee shops and trendy thrift stores, 
like Frock You and Flashbacks. Unlike UCSD, Hillcrest is always bustling — it’s 
one of the most densely-populated neighborhoods in San Diego.

Well-known for its large and active LGBT community, Hillcrest boasts over 
a dozen gay bars. Try the Inn At The Park for its great food, Flicks for its wild 
karaoke and the Brass Rail for its affordable drinks.

Hillcrest is pedestrian- and bike-friendly: Sidewalks and bike lanes are extra-
wide and well-maintained. Premeds should note that the UCSD Medical Center 
is located in Hillcrest, where a free shuttle picks up students and staff every 30 
minutes. The only real downside to Hillcrest is its priciness: Cheap spaces are 
nearly impossible to find, and rooms can cost over $700 per month.

KEVIN WU/GUARDIAN FILE

ANDREW RUIZ/GUARDIAN FILE

KAREN LIANG/GUARDIAN FILE

KEVIN WU/GUARDIAN FILE

JOHN HANACEK/GUARDIAN FILE

SO LONG, DORMS



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

For more info, contact asdiversity@ucsd.edu
AS Diversity Affairs

not ste
reotyp

esWe ar
e individuals,

the
guardian is
hiring!

WRITING | PHOTOGRAPHY | LAYOUT | DESIGN | ADVERTISING

P I C K  U P  A  C O P Y  O N  N E W S  S TA N D S  E V E R Y  M O N D AY  &  T H U R S D AY !

COPY READING ART | ILLUSTRATION | MARKETING | GRAPHICS

APPLICATIONS ONLINE AT
ucsdguardian.org/jobs.

read between the lines.

i

QUESTIONS? EMAIL jobs@ucsdguardian.org?



8 T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  A P R I L  30,  2012 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G

CAMPUS
2012

4.30-5.06

CALENDAR

ROSIE THOMAS @ THE LOFT
8:30PM

MON4.30

MON4.30
6pm
INFORMATION SESSION: HEAR ABOUT 
CAREER FOCUSED PROGRAMS IN MOBILE 
APPS, GAME DESIGN AND MULTIMEDIA- 
UCSD EXTENSION  
Interested in Following your Passion ? Whether 
you're returning to school for personal or 
professional reasons, our classes are designed to 
help you advance on your path to career 
achievement and artistic, design, technical and 
intellectual pursuits. DAC offers professional training 
in various digital media art fields such as: -Casual 
Gaming -Graphic Design -Mobile Applications 
Development -Video & Editing Join us for an 
information session and hear about our high quality, 
career focused professional certificate programs. Ask 
questions, meet the program advisors, view student 
work and discuss your future as a creative 
professional. Learn more: visit dac.ucsd.edu or call 
(858) 534-6705 Benefits of the DAC Professional 
Certificates 

7pm
INDONESIA’S FOREIGN POLICY SINCE 1998: 
ISLAM, DEMOCRACY AND INTERNATIONAL 
ASPIRATION- THE GREAT HALL
Free public talk featuring Indonesian political analyst 
Rizal Sukma, who is among the Top 100 Global 
Thinkers alongside US Federal Reserve chairman 
Ben Bernanke and US President Barack Obama, 
according to Foreign Policy magazine.

8pm
BALDWIN NEW PLAY FESTIVAL 2012 - UCSD 
THEATRE DISTRICT
The Baldwin New Play Festival 2012 features world 
premiere productions by talented MFA playwrights, 
and directed, acted, stage-managed and designed 
by the university's nationally-acclaimed MFA 
companies. This year, the plays range in scope from 
the trials and tribulations of newly-minted college 
graduates to the pains of fatherhood; the search for 
the truth about the past (while a serial killer is on the 
loose!); and the danger of dreams and desire in 
war-torn Haiti.

8:30pm
ROSIE THOMAS - THE LOFT
Singer-songwriter Rosie Thomas embarks on a U.S. 
tour beginning March 15 in support of her upcoming 
album 'With Love'. Due February 14 on Sing-A-Long 
Records, 'With Love' is Rosie Thomas' first 
full-length record in four years. Hailed by The New 
York Times as a 'sweet-voiced singer', Thomas 
makes her return to the studio with a band featuring 
David Bazan (Pedro the Lion), Blake Wescott (The 
Posies, Damien Jurado), brother Brian Thomas and 
members of Sufjan Stevens' band along with vocals 
by Sam Beam (Iron & Wine) and Jen Wood (The 
Postal Service). Loft Members: $4 Advance; Free at 
the Door UCSD Students: $8; Regular: $12

3pm
SKY OF RED POPPIES - SEUSS ROOM, GEISEL 
LIBRARY
One of the 2012 'One Book, One San Diego' selections, 
this book is set against the backdrop of a politically 
divided 1960s Iran under rule of the Shah. Sky of Red 
Poppies is a novel about culture, politics and the 
redeeming power of friendships. Roya, the daughter of 
a prominent family, is envious of the fierce 
independence of her religious classmate Shireen. But 
Shireen has secrets of her own. Together, Roya and 
Shireen contend with becoming the women they want 
to be and, in doing so, make decisions that will cause 
their tragic undoing.

8pm
ARGENTINE TANGO CLUB WEEKLY GUIDED 
PRACTICA - MAIN GYM, WEST BALCONY
UCSD Argentine Tango Club presents a guided practica 
for beginners and advanced beginners from 8-9 pm on 
Wednesdays during spring quarter, led by Grigor and 
Ten. No partner is required. No prior experience is 
necessary! The guided practica is free for club 
members. (Club membership per quarter: $10/student, 
$20/non-student. Please fill out the membership form 
on the website.) Stay for the free practica from 9-11 pm 
to practice new steps and dance in a relaxed, informal 
setting. For more information about the club, visit 
tango.ucsd.edu and friend us on Facebook or join the 
mailing list. 

THU5.03
8am
MEXICO MOVING FORWARD- ROBINSON 
BUILDING COMPLEX
Mexico Moving Forward is an event where Mexico’s 
visionary leaders will celebrate the country’s 
excellence with a rare and open dialogue on Mexico’s 
future.  

5pm
THE GOOD LIFE FESTIVAL- MATTHEWS QUAD 
AND TOWNE SQUARE
Festival attractions include: Live DJ, Aqua Bubble 
Rollers, Climbing Wall, Super Mega Obstacle Course, 
Photo Booth, Beer Goggle Cart Races, Henna Tattoo 
Artists, Chair massages and more. FREE food, prizes, 
and giveaways! Sponsored by UCSD Health, Recreation 
and Well-Being. 

6PM
DEPUTY FOREIGN MINISTER OF ISRAEL AT 
UCSD - PRICE CENTER THEATER
The Consulate General of Israel and Tritons for Israel, a 
registered UCSD student organization, cordially invite 
you to a memorable evening with Danny Ayalon, The 
Deputy Foreign Minister of the State of Israel. Tickets 
are FREE and will be available at the UCSD Box Office

WED5.02TUE5.01

5pm
UCSD CASA'S 4TH ANNUAL CULTURE SHOW - PC 
BALLROOM EAST
Interested in Chinese Culture? Want to learn more about 
it? Chinese American Student Association is having our 
4th Annual Culture Show next week on Friday May 4th. 
FREE admission, FREE food, FREE dance and FREE show! 
Invite all your friends and family to come out and enjoy 
the thrilling show! Let's all experience 'AN ENCOUNTER 
WITH THE UNDEAD'!

5:30pm
FEED THE HOMELESS - MEET AT SUNGOD 
PARKING LOT
Come join other students and carpool to downtown San 
Diego to feed and interact with the homeless population. 
This event happens about every two weeks and every 
excursion is a unique experience. There are a lot of 
interesting people there, and you'll be having some 
enlightening conversations with the residents of the 
streets. Plus, we'll go out for In n' Out afterward! 
Sponsored by Love the Homeless, a registered UCSD 
student organization.

7:30pm
BATTLE OF THE BANDS FOR 'BE THE MATCH 
REGISTRY' - THE LOFT
Come support 'Be the Match Registry' (National Marrow 
Donor Program) and rock out to some great live music at 
our 3rd annual Battle of the Bands event! The registry 
needs our help finding matches for patients in need of a 
life-saving marrow transplant. Learn more about being a 
potential donor and register for Be the Match on-site. 
Admission is free! Raffle prizes from Starbucks, Islands, 
Sprinkles and more! Zanzibar will be open for dinner and 
drinks! 

8pm
MOON GOD 5K - UCSD CAMPUS
Run past moonlit bears, giant snakes, falling houses and 
the Sun God; some of UCSD's giant outdoor art pieces. 
Join us for a full moon dash at one of San Diego’s only 
night runs. This Moon God 5k is open to everyone. Great 
prizes for top finishers. Proceeds support student 
leadership development programs at UCSD.

FRI5.04

10am
UCSD BLOOD DRIVE- LIBRARY WALK
Lives depend on it! UCSD Blood Drive, May 1, 2 & 3, 
2012, 10:00a.m. to 3:30p.m., Bloodmobile on Library 
Walk

11:30am
ASIAN & PACIFIC- ISLANDER HERITAGE 
CELEBRATION KICK-OFF
The month of May is Asian Heritage Month. Join UCSD's 
Pan-Asian Staff Association and student organizations 
at their annual kick-off event featuring cultural dance 
performances. Please contact jpacheco@ucsd.edu for 
more information. 

7:30pm
INVISIBLE CHILDREN PRESENTS KONY 2012 FILM 
+ DISCUSSION - SSC MULTIPURPOSE ROOM
Come see the viral film that sparked one of the most 
popular movements of all time. Invisible Children's 
'Kony 2012' sheds light on Africa's longest running 
conflict and brings attention to one of the world's most 
dangerous war criminals: Joseph Kony. Throughout his 
campaign, Kony has systematically abducted thousands 
of children and have forced them to become soldiers. 
He continues to terrorize multiple countries in the 
central African region. Join us in a discussion as we 
take a critical look at the issue. Members of Invisible 
Children and a representative from Uganda will be in 
attendance to answer your questions and to aid in the 
discussion of what our generation can do to effectively 
make change. Presented by Schools 4 Schools, Invisible 
Children, a registered UCSD student organization.

5pm
ASAYAKE THROUGH THE LOOKING GLASS - 
PRICE CENTER WEST BALLROOM
Join Asayake Taiko, UCSD's Japanese Drumming group, 
on our adventure through Taikoland! This year we will be 
celebrating our 10th anniversary and we would love to 
have all of our friends, family, and fans come to our 5th 
annual concert, Asayake Through the Looking Glass! With 
our 10th anniversary just around the corner, Asayake 
Taiko will reflect upon the decade-long history of our 
group through a narrative inspired by Lewis Carroll's 
'Alice in Wonderland'! Come join us and our wonderful 
guest performers on our fun-filled drum-banging 
journey! TICKETS: $5 (at the Box Office or at the door

SUN5.06

7am
ROCK CLIMBING AT MISSION GORGE REGIONAL 
PARK - OUTBACK RENTAL SHOP, PEPPER 
CANYON
Mission Trails Regional Park is a local hot spot for rock 
climbing only 20 minutes from campus. The climbing is 
excellent with routes for both first time and experienced 
climbers. Our experienced and supportive guides will 
lead you through a fun and challenging progression of 
climbs throughout the day. Knots, rope handling, 
belaying, safety, and climbing technique will be 
covered. All climbing equipment provided. Come spend 
the day with us on the rocks! Signup online, at the 
Rental Shop (behind Pepper Canyon), at the Surf Shop 
(in Price Center) or call 858-534-0684. UCSD students 
$45. Others $59.

6pm
HAWAI'I CLUB 21ST ANNUAL LU'AU! - PRICE 
CENTER BALLROOMS A & B 
You're invited to UCSD Hawai'i Club's 21st annual 
Lu'au!! See traditional Polynesian dances from the 
Islands of Hawai'i, Tahiti, New Zealand, and more. Enter 
raffles. Learn about the cultures of Hawai'i and 
Polynesia. Eat delicious Hawaiian Barbecue. Experience 
the spirit of aloha AND MUCH MORE! Come be a part of 
our 'Ohana O Aikane (Hawai'ian for 'Family of Friends') 
and have a wonderful time! Tickets are available at the 
UCSD Box Office: Student/Faculty: $10, General 
Admission: $13

8pm
MOON GOD 5K - UCSD CAMPUS
Run past moonlit bears, giant snakes, falling houses 
and the Sun God; some of UCSD's giant outdoor art 
pieces. Join us for a full moon dash at one of San 
Diego’s only night runs. This Moon God 5k is open to 
everyone. Great prizes for top finishers. Proceeds 
support student leadership development programs at 
UCSD.

SAT5.05



T H E  U C S D  G UA R D I A N  |  M O N DAY,  A P R I L  30,  2012 |  W W W. U C S D G UA R D I A N . O R G  9

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

Guardian Classifieds are placed online and are FREE for UCSD. Low cost classified placements for our print 
edition are also available to the UCSD campus and the public at   ucsdguardian.campusave.com

crossword

ACROSS
1 Shire of “Rocky”
6 Mortgage insurance org.
9 “__, poor Yorick!”: Hamlet
13 Giving the old heave-ho
14 Flippered mammal
15 Tibetan spiritual master
16 Near miss
18 And others, in footnotes
19 Casino game
20 Make smooth, as a transition
21 Glacial ridge
22 Boxer’s fit condition
25 Texas city across the border from Ciudad 

Juárez
28 Bottle opener, e.g.
29 Pine (for)
30 “Phooey!”
32 Betray sleepiness
36 Musician’s asset
37 Neckwear accessory
40 Hush-hush fed. gp.
41 Design detail, for short
43 It’s younger than a yearling
44 Deserves
46 Police action
48 Police action
49 Specially edited version of a film
54 Regal pronouncement
55 Equine restraint
56 Cuba, por ejemplo
60 “Candy is dandy” poet
61 Establishment where the ends of 16-, 

22-, 37- and 49-Across take place
63 You, to Quakers
64 Load to bear
65 Worldly-unwise
66 Turgenev’s “Fathers and __”
67 RR stop
68 Building wing

DOWN
1 Notice holder
2 Bridge toll unit
3 King of the jungle
4 To such an extent
5 Go gray, maybe
6 Lavish dinner
7 Succeed in every way
8 Brown or pale quaff
9 With vigilance
10 “See ya __”
11 Valuable violin
12 Oregon’s capital
14 Persian king
17 Lily that’s Utah’s state flower
21 In the past
23 George Harrison’s “__ It a Pity”
24 “Me? Never!”
25 Storm centers
26 __ of faith
27 Cut the peel from
30 Underarm product
31 “His Master’s Voice” co.
33 Field measure
34 Pitching successes
35 Democratic donkey designer
38 “__ makes you happy ...”
39 Bolivia neighbor
42 Nativity scenes
45 Craftsperson
47 Take steps
48 Teen facial woe
49 Fender dings
50 The Snake flows along much of its border with 

Oregon
51 (Has) ascended
52 It’s not an all-new episode
53 Sis and bro
57 Knee-to-ankle bone
58 Zero, at Wimbledon
59 Acme
61 Logan Airport city: Abbr.
62 Messenger molecule

mademadeoorrddmadedmadeeert
your vision, our mission.

The Associated Students Store

Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.
to.ucsd.edu/madetoorder.html

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

ROOMATES
Male in search of a roommate 
for University of San Diego. Hello 
everyone, I was accepted to USD 
, and now I need a room to rent, 
or even just a roommate to share 
a room with. I am a poli sci major. 
Please let me know if you are 
interested or if you have a room 
for me. Reply online to listing ID: 
27688699

$500 Roommates Wanted. Rooms 
available immediately. Beautiful 
newer home in a peaceful, safe 
neighborhood. Reply online to 
listing ID: 27603177

HOUSING
$571 UCSD shared room - Hello, 
I’m looking to replace myself in a 
shared room because I am gradu-
ating at the end of this month. 
The roommate with whom I share 
a room is very nice and almost 
never home. There is washer/
dryer in unit and the apartment 
is kept very clean. The other 
roommate in the house has her 
own room. They are both very 
quiet, kind, and hardly ever home. 
The rent is $571. It is in a quiet 
neighborhood a bus ride away 
from campus. Please contact me 
if interested. Move in date is as 
early as March 26th. Reply online 
to listing ID: 27476042

$400 Small room for rent (off 
41st street) - Small room for rent 
near 43rd street off 805 free-
way...400 rent 150 deposit....
access controlled community 
close to shopping area and bus 
stop...looking only for female to 
live with small family and moth-
er in-law and small friendly chi-
huahua....in a cozey 2 level three 
beds townhouse....pet friendly....
smoke friendly....only serious call-
ers...Reply online to listing ID: 
27341344

$275 Females wanted to share 
large room (Clairemont) - Females 
to share large co-ed style room 
with bunkbeds. Reply online to 
listing ID: 26930139

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !

YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com POST FOR FREE AT

POST FOR FREE AT

O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,  O R  B OT H !
O N L I N E ,  P R I N T,
O R  B OT H !

YES YES
CLASSIFIEDS
PEOPLE STILL READ CLASSIFIEDS

PEOPLE

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

ucsdguardian.
campusave.com

 STILL READCHAIR, VI
CE CHAIR, OR 

A STUDENT AT-
LARGE

APPLY ONLINE AT

UCAB.UCSD.EDU
Application Deadline: Monday, April 30 at 5pm

CALLING
 STUDEN

T LEADE
RS!

The University Centers Advisory Board (UCAB) a student-chaired, student-majority board whose 
purpose is to assure the University Centers (Price Center, Student Center and Che Facility) will 
achieve its mission to support the UC San Diego community with quality facilities, services, and 
programs that foster and enrich the campus experience and student learning.
 •	 Select	incoming	restaurants	and	retail	vendors
	 •	 Allocate	student	organization	offices
	 •	 Approve	the	University	Centers	budget
	 •	 Provide	feedback	and	direction	on	facilities,	services	and	programs
	 •	 Determine	strategic	directions
Experienced student leaders should apply for the Chair or Vice Chair positions. If you are less 
experienced, consider applying for a Student At-Large position. Gain real-life experience. 
Influence campus life. Be a leader.

APPLY	TO	BE
	THE

MEMBER	OF	UCAB!



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

LOST
-REWARD-

Glam Rock baby sun god wearing leopard pants with purple vest.
Answers to the name of “Axel”. Weighs approx. 3.8 oz. - 3 years old.

Beware: Plumage expands when feathers are ruffled. Sharp beak.
Screams a lot. Last seen landing in Price Center East. 

IF FOUND, PLEASE RETURN TO
sgf.ucsd.edu/lost

follow
@asceucsd
@asgraphicstudio
@tritonoutfitter
to find an instant winner!

219’2” to win the competition and 
set a world record. But on Saturday, 
Cadee did not even make the finals 
as Smith hurled a massive 219’8.5” 
throw to overtake the number one 
spot away from Cadee.

A paralympic world record 
was also set on Saturday as U.S. 
Paralympian Jeremy Campbell 
threw 197’6”, eclipsing his American 
record set two weeks prior at the 
Pomona-Pitzer Invitational of 
190’7”. 

In the pole vault, Kelsey Hendry 
of Canada and Tori Pena of Ireland 
battled it out, as Pena set an Irish 
national record of 14’10”. Hendry 
won the event despite failing to 
record a higher height than Pena, 
clearing the bar more consistently at 
the 14’10” mark. 

The marks were good enough to 
tie the pair for ninth in the world 
this year. 

Akos Hudi of Hungary — only 
17 years old — threw 227’7” to 
win the hammer competition. The 
Junior World’s silver medalist will 
prove to be a serious competitor 
for this year’s Olympic Games in 
London. 

For UCSD, several athletes 
posted great marks going into the 
conference finals, including senior 
sprints captain Jacqueline Rose, who 
won the 400m dash with a 53.6s, just 
off her personal best of 53.3s. Her 
brother, freshman Keith Rose, won 
his heat of the 100m dash with a 
time of 11.08 despite running into a 
slight headwind. 

Junior Zach Nagengast threw a 
personal best in the discus at 161’8” 
to move up to sixth on the UCSD 
All-time list, while sophomore 
Lorato Anderson picked up a pro 

mark in her event, the 800m with a 
time of 2:13.98 seconds. 

Freshman sprinter Sabrina 
Pimentel picked up a personal 
record as well in the 800m race, with 
a 2:12.8 to move her into 20th in the 
nation on the NCAA DII level. 

Senior captain Nick Howe also 
had a good day in the javelin event, 
in his last meet at UCSD. Coming 
into the meet seeded seventh, Howe 
was trailing well behind the leaders 
heading into finals. 

However, on his very last throw, 
Howe popped off a 226’8.5” throw 
to move into third. 

“The first thing I thought was, 
‘that’s the best throw [Howe]’s ever 
had,” head coach Tony Salerno said 
after the meet. “But the crosswinds 
just knocked the javelin down so 
you didn’t see how far it should have 
gone.”

Howe finished behind Mike 
Hazle, 2004 and 2008 Olympian and 
Pan-Am Silver Medalist, who threw 
236’3”.

“The wind was really knocking 
everything down, the javelins would 
go out fine and then dip to the left,” 
freshman javelin competitor Nash 
Howe said. 

Going into CCAA conference 
tournament next week, the Triton 
men are looking for their first win 
ever, while the women look poised 
to take back the title they lost after 
holding it for five straight seasons 
in 2009. The main competition for 
the Tritons will be against Cal State 
Chico for both genders. Cal State 
Los Angeles, who hosts the meet this 
year, is looking dangerous in both 
the throws and sprints categories.

Readers can contact Nick Howe at 
nshowe@ucsd.edu

UCSD Track and Field Head into 
CCAA Conference Tournament
▶ TRACK from page 12

Lizotte Sets Record for Most Season Goals
Allie Taylor and Jessica Tran. 

Despite the obvious gaps left by the 
2012 class, Kreutzkamp is confident 
about next season and the strength of 
this season’s performance.

“I think this is one of our best 
seasons ever,” Kreutzkamp said. “I 
understand that we won last year, 
but we won more games this year, 
we’re in the conference championship 
game for the third year in a row. This 
is a team that’s going in the right 
direction, and I’m really proud of it.”

GAME 1
The Tritons went down early, with 

the Seawolves taking an early 2–0 
lead. With three minutes remaining 
in the quarter, UCSD countered to 
cut the lead down to one, off a quick 
goal from senior Katherine Biehle 
and a backhand from senior Kirsten 
Bates. Down 2–3, the Tritons drew an 
exclusion, prompting Kreutzkamp to 
call for the timeout. Coming out of the 
break, the Tritons set up sophomore 
Sarah Lizotte for a last-second goal to 
tie the game. The goal marked Lizotte’s 
85th of the season, setting the record 
for the most single season goals. 

“[SSU] is scrappy and they have a lot 
of talent. If we don’t come out ready to 
go, they’ll jump out on us, which they 
did,” Kreutzkamp said. “A lot of times 
it’s first-game jitters and we just have 
to get over them and stay the course.” 
The Tritons turned it around in the 
second quarter, as senior Jessica Tran 
gave the Tritons the lead on a shot that 
skimmed under the reach of Sonoma 
keeper Ariel Lockshaw. UCSD picked 
up two more goals to take a 6–3 lead. 
UCSD goalkeeper, senior Allie Taylor 
kept   the Seawolves scoreless in the 
third period. The senior would tally 
nine saves in the campaign, as the 
Tritons outscored Sonoma 5–3 in the 
fourth quarter.  “I’m proud of our 
gals,” Kreutzkamp said. “[We] knew 
all week long that this was going to be 
a big test. Sonoma was going to come 
in here and not lay down for anybody.”

From there, UCSD advanced to the 
semifinal bout against CSU Monterey 
Bay. Kreutzkamp showed concern for 
the Tritons’ match against the sixth-
seeded Otters, as UCSD took a narrow 
12–8 win against CSU Monterey Bay 
last week, April 14. “Monterey Bay 
plays a system you don’t see every day, 
but we squeaked out a win over them 

a couple weeks ago. I’ve got some 
homework to do on them tonight for 
sure,” Kreutzkamp said.

GAME 2
Kreutzkamp’s concern proved 

warranted, as the Tritons again fell 
behind in the opening period.  UCSD 
had no response for the Otters’ senior 
attacker Nikki Smart, who logged a 
first period hat-trick to put Monterey 
Bay up 4–1, before Lizotte sunk one to 
bridge the deficit 2–4 before the end 
of the period.  “We needed to put the 
ball on-cage,”Kreutzkamp said to the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “Being 
down 4–1, we actually [had] to score 
goals to get back in the game. I was 
actually really proud of our defense, 
because through the second and third 
quarters we only gave up one goal, 
which allowed us to chip back in. If 
[CSU Monterey Bay] keep scoring 
goals on us there, it’s hard to make 
a comeback.” The Tritons kept the 
Otters at bay in the second period, 
tying the game 4–4 off goals from 
Bates and Bartow.

Readers can contact Rachel Uda at 
ruda@ucsd.edu

▶ WATERPOLO from page 12

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

Senior Kirsten 
Bates notches a 

field block against 
Loyola-Marymount. 
Bates is one of five 

graduating se-
niors on the UCSD 

squad, including 
Jessica Tran, Allie 
Taylor, Katherine 

Biehle and Natalie 
Peng.

PHOTO HIGHLIGHT



SPORTS
RACHEL UDA
sports@ucsdguardian.orgCONTACT THE EDITOR

12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, APRIL 30,  2012 |  WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

GAME 1
Apr. 27 UCSD VS. SONOMA STATE

UCSD 3 3 3 3 12
Sonoma 3 1 0 3 7

GAME 2
Apr. 28 UCSD VS. CSU MONTEREY BAY

UCSD 2 2 2 4 10
CSUMB 4 0 1 4 9

GAME 3
Apr. 29 UCSD VS.  LOYOLA-MARYMOUNT

UCSD 3 1 0 2 6
Loyola 2 3 0 2 7

First Team Selection
Sophomore Sarah Lizotte

Second Team Selection
Senior Kirsten Bates

All Freshman 
Team Selection

Rachel Brooks

UCSD Hosts 
Annual 
Triton Invite
BY NICK HOWE
Associate Sports Editor

TRACK & FIELD — This past 
weekend, April 27 to 28, the UCSD 
Track and Field complex hosted both 
collegiate and international athletes 
in the annual Triton Invitational.

The elite athletes were most 
highly concentrated in the discus 

competition where Dutch discus 
throwers Rutger Smith and Erik 
Cadee fought each other for this 
year’s number one place on the 
world stage. There were two discus 
competitions, one on Thursday, 
April 26 and one on Saturday, April 
28. 

On Thursday, Cadee threw 
NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

BY RACHEL UDA
Sports Editor 

The UCSD Women’s Water Polo team ended its regular season last weekend, April 27 to April 
29 at Canyonview Pool, after failing 
to defend its WWPA conference title. 

The second-seeded Tritons 
went up against first-seed Loyola 
Marymount looking for the upset. 
UCSD came up just short, falling 7–6 
in the championship bout. 

“I am so darn proud of these gals,” 
UCSD head coach Brad Kreutzkamp 
said. “They poured their hearts 
out today against a team that is 
phenomenal and quite frankly could 
win the national championship.” 
The nationally unranked Tritons 
needed a conference title for a NCAA 
tournament berth. The No. 7 Lions 

will advance to the first round, to be 
played on May 11, at San Diego State.

The second-seeded Tritons, came 
into the game on the back of two wins 
in its preliminary matches. On Friday, 
April 27, UCSD came from behind to 
take a 12–7 win against seventh-seed 
Sonoma State. The following day, the 
Tritons fought for a close 10–9 win 
against sixth-seed CSU Monterey Bay.

Despite a battle in the pool for a 
place in the title game, the Tritons 
didn’t seem saddled with fatigue on 
Sunday. UCSD went down early, but 
kept the game close throughout.

The Tritons ended the first quarter 
with a slight 2–3 lead off consecutive 
goals — solo efforts — from 
sophomore standout Sarah Lizotte. 

“[Lizotte] has had some ups and 
downs this year, because we do put 
a lot of pressure on her shoulders, 

we ask her to do a lot for this team,” 
Kreutzkamp said. “And she has 
responded and sometimes she’s fallen 
short...We called her number again 
today, and I could see it in her eyes, 
she came to play.”

The Lions overtook the lead in 
the second period with two goals off 
the same weak-side deflection play 
past Triton goalkeeper Taylor. Lizotte 
netted her hat trick with a goal from 
10 meters out, to keep the Tritons to 
within one point. Down 5–4, UCSD 
had the opportunity to tie the game in 
the last possession of the half, drawing 
the double-exclusion, but the Tritons 
were unable to convert in the clutch.

For the remainder of the game, 
the Tritons continued knocking the 
ball around the two-meter mark but 
couldn’t put the ball in the net.

“We ran a defensive scheme 

against [Loyola] that they hadn’t seen 
us do before and we picked a couple 
weak spots that we tried to expose, 
and I was really happy,” Kreutzkamp 
said. 

When asked about the difference 
between winning and losing, 
Kreutzkamp said down the stretch it 
came down to execution. 

“In one goal games you can point 
to half a dozen things either way,” 
Kreutzkamp said. “The one thing I 
had to point out was just finishing our 
shots. When you only score six goals, 
it’s hard to win a game.” 

Loyola was just able to maintain 
the one goal gap down the stretch 
to take the 7–6 victory. The Tritons 
graduate five senior starters: Kirsten 
Bates, Katherine Biehle, Natalie Peng, 

Take a Bow

ALL
WWPA
SELECTIONS

See WATERPOLO, page 11

See TRACK, page 11

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

UCSD senior Track and Field captain Nick Howe threw a 226’ mark in the last day of the meet in the javelin competition.

�e Tritons fell in the WWPA championship match agianst �rst-seed Loyola-Marymount last Sunday, April 29. Sophomore Sarah Lizotte, pictured above, recorded a hat trick in the campaign.


	043012News
	043012OpinionREAL
	043012Leisure
	043012_CALENDAR_Pg8
	043012_CLASSIFIEDS_Pg9
	043012Sports

