
Divestment Vote Postponed

brian monroe/Guardian

ACADEMIC  AFFAIRS

UCSD to 
Offer Free 
Online 
Courses
The courses will 
be offered through 
Coursera, with the first 
one starting this April.

BY  Sarah  m oon  Staff Writer
UCSD has announced it will soon 

start offering free online courses 
beginning later this year. UCSD joins 
29 other schools in partnering with 
Coursera, an educational program 
that offers free online courses to the 
public in conjunction with universi-
ties worldwide.

After launching in April 2012, 
almost 2.8 million users have par-
ticipated in Coursera’s online educa-
tion program, with roughly 1.45 mil-
lion course enrollments every month. 
Coursera has recently signed par-
ticipation contracts with universities 
such as UC Santa Cruz, Northwestern 
University, Penn State University, 
University of Tokyo and University of 
Geneva. A total of 62 institutions now 
offer massive open online courses, or 
MOOCs, using Coursera.

Courses in Chinese, Spanish, 
French and Italian are the newest 
subject additions to the Coursera 
program and will be offered by 
select universities.

“One of our top priorities is to 
reach the people who need education 
the most, including those who would 
not otherwise have access to the type 
of courses offered by the institutions 
that we have the honor of working 
with,” Coursera co-founder Daphne 
Koller said.

Coursera is open to the public 
and requires only an Internet con-
nection to enroll. No state money is 
spent on Coursera and faculty mem-
bers teach the courses on their own 
time. Coursera currently does not offer 
course credit to students. 

“Coursera’s primary goal is to pro-
vide access to information,” Associate 
Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Barbara Sawrey said. “Their business 
model is not driven by awarding credit 
or collecting money.”

Late last year, the American 
Council on Education began review-
ing several Coursera courses to count 
toward transfer credit for college 
degree programs. Coursera currently 
offers verified certificates in select 
classes for a fee.

The Skaggs School of Pharmacy 
and Pharmaceutical Sciences will 
offer UCSD’s first Coursera course 
beginning April 19. UCSD profes-
sor Williams Ettouati will teach the 
nine-week course, Drug Discovery, 
Development and Commercialization. 
The course will consist of a three-to-
four-hour weekly workload, and upon 
completion, students will receive a 

See courses, page 3

SCIEnCE  AnD TEChnologY

Surgery 
Strategy
Helps Man 
Walk Again
UCSD Health System’s 
Justin Brown developed 
a surgery that operates 
on damaged nerves.

BY  Davis  liang  Staff Writer
Justin Brown, M.D., of UCSD 

Health System recently performed an 
unconventional surgical procedure 
that cured full-limb paralysis. The sur-
gery, called a selective peripheral neu-
rotomy, is one of many new procedures 
that Dr. Brown has begun using.

For the selective peripheral neu-
rotomy, Brown operates exclusively on 
damaged nerves. In a typical leg pro-
cedure, Brown begins with an incision 
behind the knee, exposing the tibial 
nerve. He then trims back specific, 
problematic nerve branches up to 80 
percent. Cutting the nerve reduces 
undesirable motor information from 
being relayed back to the spinal cord, 
which causes spasticity. Brown said 
this procedure eliminates the need 
to cut or elongate the tendon itself. 
Rehabilitation can begin 72 hours after 
the procedure is completed.

“Selective peripheral neurotomy 

See surgery, page 3

A.S.  CoUnCIl

Council meeting runs for over eight hours and a resolution to divest from 
companies involved in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will return next week.

Around 200 students turned out at Price Center Ballroom East last night to watch A.S. Coun-
cil vote on a divestment resolution, 
though no vote ever took place.

The resolution, proposed by the 
Students for Justice in Palestine and 
sponsored by Arts and Humanities 
Senator Sean Estelle and Associate 
Vice President of Diversity Affairs Eliz-
abeth Garcia, called for UCSD to divest 
from corporations profiting from the 
“illegal siege, blockade and occupation 
of Palestine.”

The council meeting last night 
spanned eight hours and was cut 
short because of a miscommunication 
between A.S. Council and the secu-
rity firm hired to oversee the event. 
Speaker John Weng was forced to gavel 
the meeting adjourned at 2:07 a.m. be-
cause council did not vote to bring the 
bill into question before everyone was 
forced to leave the meeting room.

Council will re-address this topic 
next week at its normal meeting time 
after a motion to table the rest of the 
meeting until tonight at 6:30 p.m. 
failed. A separate vote, also held dur-
ing the final seconds of the meeting on 
whether or not to vote on the resolu-
tion itself failed, and Weng asked ev-
eryone to exit the facility.

Only 140 community members 
were allowed into the room at one 

time, and a line around 50 people long 
snaked out past the front door in the 
early hours of the meeting.

The first portion of the meeting in-
cluded a limited hourlong public input 
session before organizations SJP and 
Tritons for Israel conducted their spe-
cial presentations.

 Approximately 150 students spoke 
during public input over two weeks of 
sessions through the use of an online 
speaker sign-up system, moderated by 
Associate Vice Presient of Student Ser-
vices John Weng.

 “This is not an issue that A.S. has 
a right to make for the people, the 
campus, the students of UCSD,” senior 
Mikhail Imanovich said during public 
input. “This marginalizes the Jewish 
students on campus and makes them 
feel unsafe and unwanted — passing a 
resolution that will have no actual ef-
fect besides making Jewish students 
on campus feel like they don’t belong 
is not okay.”

 Students who opposed the resolu-
tion were also present, as were organi-
zations and those who stood in solidar-
ity with the issue.

“What I do know is Palestinians are 
not terrorists —  we’re all individuals, 
and we should know how to respect 
each other and their opinions,” a junior 
Eleanor Roosevelt College student who 
identified herself as Annie said. “Please 

don’t make me regret not going to UCI 
if you want to vote no on divestment. 
I’m pro-humanity, and as someone 
who is pro-humanity, I would like A.S. 
to vote yes on divestment.” 

One week prior to last night’s meet-
ing, A.S. Council held a public input 
forum in the Institute of the Americas, 
which continued for four hours and 
drew over 250 students, faculty and 
community members. As a result of the 
length of last week’s meeting, the special 
presentations and resolution vote were 
moved to last night’s meeting.

Due to a stipulation made by A.S. 
Council the previous week, TFI pre-
sented first. Each group was given 20 
minutes for its special presentation, 
with the possibility of extensions as de-
termined by A.S. President Meggie Le. 

In their presentation, three mem-
bers from TFI spoke about their vision 
for a two-state solution, their separa-
tion and opposition from the Boycott, 
Divestment and Sanctions movement, 
as well as their belief that the Jewish 
people have a right to their homeland.

TFI also emphasized its hope to 
continue the divestment discussion 
with A.S. Council and SJP, asking 
council to form a committee whose 
role would be to discuss the resolution 
with groups including SJP, TFI and J 

See divestment, page 3

guardian  n ews  Staff  report

VoLUme 46, iSSUe 38 THUrSDaY, marCH 7, 2013 www.UCSDgUarDian.org

D
a

Zb
x

ESCAPe
to  spring  break
the  annual  travel   issue
see  weekend  p. 7



The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. WHO’S BANGING WHO?       

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Christina Doo

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising 
Noelle Batema, Vivek Medepalli,                                      
Audrey Sechrest, Darren Shim

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Laura Gama, Katie Persons, Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van

Arielle Sallai

Ren Ebel
Madeline Mann

Zev Hurwitz

Rebecca Horwitz
Mekala Neelakantan

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Ayan Kusari

Stacey Chien

Laira Martin

Ashley Kwon

Jacey Aldredge
Andrew Whitworth

Brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

Leo Bui
Zoë McCracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella Payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

Claire Yee

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

Associate Lifestyle Editor

Associate A&E Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editors

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Editorial Assistants
Cedric Eicher, Jean Lee, Sebastian Brady

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Rachel Huang,                                   

Jacqueline Kim, Beca Truong

2 T H e  U C S D  g U a r D i a n  |  T H U r S D aY,  m a r C H  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D g U a r D i a n . o r g  n E W S

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

Fleeting thoughts By Irene Chiang

Quite Frankly By Lior Schenk

A new study by a UCSD researcher 
has shown that Chinese parents are 
more likely to lie to their children. 
The study examined the lies parents in 
China and the U.S. use on their chil-
dren and discovered a difference in 
parenting when it came to instrumen-
tal lying — the choice to lie to children 
in order to make them do what their 
parents want or think is best.

Dr. Gail Heyman and her col-
leagues in the department of psychol-
ogy at UCSD worked with 114 parents 
in the U.S. and 85 parents in China 
for their research, titled “Instrumental 
Lying by Parents in the U.S. and 
China,” which was published in the 
International Journal of Psychology in 
November 2012. 

They discovered that 98 percent 
of Chinese parents used instrumental 
lying on their children, compared to 
84 percent of U.S. parents. When it 
came to lying for the purpose of mak-
ing the child feel happier, or about 
fantasy characters, the difference in 
percentages of parents lying was not 
witnessed by the researchers.

“Children sometimes behave in 
ways that are disruptive or are likely 
to harm their long-term interests,” 
Heyman said in the Sept. 22, 2009 
UCSD News Center article “Lies My 
Parents Told Me.” “It is common for 
parents to try out a range of strategies, 
including lying, to gain compliance. 

Researchers asked parents about 
specific lies they had told their chil-
dren. Of the 16 instrumental lies 
researchers asked the parents about, 
parents in China reported a higher 
percentage usage in 15 of them. The 
instrumental lie of having no more 
candy in the house was the only 
lie that more parents in the U.S. 
reported using.

The two most common instru-
mental lies in both countries were 
threatening to leave the child if he 
or she did not follow the parent in 
public and promising to return and 
buy the child a toy he or she wanted 
on a different day.

Heyman also noted that more 
parents in China approved of instru-
mental lying than did parents in the 
U.S., while the reverse was true of 
lies about fantasy characters, such 

as Santa Claus.
The study acknowledges its limita-

tions, including multiple differing fac-
tors aside from the culture, the num-
ber of children per family, the parents’ 
level of education and the proportion 
of mothers and fathers. 

“Despite the limitations of this 
research, it helps to fill a void in 
an understudied area that may have 

strong implications for children’s 
social and moral development,” 
Heyman and her colleagues wrote. 
“These findings provide a descrip-
tive basis from which to begin to 
understand the consequences of par-
ent lying.”

Study Shows Chinese Parents Lie To Their Children More 
SCIEnCE  &  TEChnologY

BY  h ElEn  h EJ RAn  Staff Writer

readers can contact
h elen  h ej ran    hhejran@ucsd.edu 

iL
LU

S
Tr

aT
io

n
 b

Y
 J

a
n

e
LL

a
 P

aY
U

m
o

/G
u

a
r

d
ia

n



n E W S  T H e  U C S D  g U a r D i a n  |  T H U r S D aY,  m a r C H  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D g U a r D i a n . o r g  3

Street U with an ultimate goal of reach-
ing a more agreeable resolution.

“It divides the campus, it polarizes 
the campus; it’s bad for the name and 
reputation of our university,” TFI presi-
dent Benjamin Hass said of the resolu-
tion. “Passing this resolution will label 
UCSD as a supporter of BDS. It does 
nothing to advance the peace process.”

SJP began its presentation by de-
scribing the necessity of divesting from 
companies such as Caterpillar. The 

group showed images of Caterpillar’s 
D9 armored bulldozer and described its 
role in both leveling Palestinian-owned 
buildings and the death of an American 
student activist, Rachel Corrie. 

SJP also mentioned past instances 
of divestment successes, referencing 
Nelson Mandela’s crediting of the UC 
system’s $3 billion divestment from 
South Africa as a factor in ending 
apartheid in the 1980s.

“It’s a common misconception that 
divestment is too harsh and that we 
should just invest in Palestine instead,” 

a representative said. “But Palestine’s 
economy is tightly controlled by Israel 
and heavily dependent on humanitar-
ian aid, making it an unlikely candidate 
for growth through investment.”

Members of UC Irvine’s A.S. Coun-
cil spoke in support of SJP by describ-
ing the positive effects of passing 
divestment on their campus. UC Riv-
erside also passed a divestment resolu-
tion on March 6, 2013.

may be appropriate for patients with 
brain and spinal cord injury from 
strokes or tumors, cerebral palsy or 
multiple sclerosis,” Brown said.

After a head-on car collision, 
Rick Constantine, 58, was told he 
would never walk again. Four years 
of confinement to a wheelchair later, 
Constantine decided to undergo an 
unconventional surgical procedure 
performed by Brown. The procedure 
took approximately three hours, and 
a week later, it restored the use of 
Constantine’s leg.

Selective peripheral neurotomy is 
not the only new procedure envi-
sioned by Brown and UCSD Health 
System. Another surgical procedure 
created by Brown, called distal nerve 

transfers, involves taking nerves from 
locations far away from a particular 
area and relocating them to restore 
functions in an area that has been 
severely damaged. Specifically, motor 
nerves are utilized to re-innervate, 
or restore, movement and sensory 
nerves are used to restore sensation.

The potential of distal nerve 
transfers is seen upon examining the 
treatment options of a patient with 
tetraplegia, or the paralysis of all 
four limbs and the torso. Specifically, 
distal nerve transfers can be used to 
restore motor functions in the upper 
limbs, allowing a patient with tetra-
plegia greater independence of move-
ment. Nerve transfers also gener-
ally offer greater functional exchange 
than the more common practice of 
tendon transfers.

For nerve transfers, sacrificing 
one simple function can potentially 
restore multiple, complex functions. 
For instance, a single nerve from the 
wrist muscle, when transferred to a 
nerve for movement in multiple fin-
gers, can often restore independent 
movement in each of the fingers. 
Benefits of this surgery, and similar 
procedures, are evident for military 
veterans, stroke patients, spinal cord 
injuries and beyond.

Recently, Constantine walked a 
mile with the assistance of a cane.

“Dr. Brown’s surgery works,” 
Constantine said. “I’m living proof of 
it. Don’t give up.”

Statement of Accomplishment.
A six-week course called 

Bioinformatics Algorithms, which will 
be taught by Dr. Pavel Pevzner and 
Ph.D. candidate Phillip E. C. Compeau, 
is expected for a future date.

Associate Vice President of 

Academic Affairs Sammy Chang says 
that UCSD’s involvement in Coursera 
will be a good way for students to be 
involved in online education.

“At this point, I think it should be 
a really good discussion within the 
UCSD community — the undergradu-
ate community as well as the professors 
and the academic senate — to exactly 

understand what the goal and what 
the role of online education should 
be,” Chang said. “I think right now for 
UCSD, it’s a wait-and-see moment, to 
see if this Coursera can really work, 
or not.”

readers can contact
Davis  liang     D1LIANG@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact

readers can contact

SARAh  Moon     Smoon@ucsd.edu 

n ews  Editor     news@ucsdguardian..org

Surgery Can Help Patients with Brain and Spinal Cord Injuries
▶ surgery, from page 1

UCSD Ph.D. Candidate is Developing Bioinformatics Course

Eight Hour Long Council Meeting Adjourned at 2:07 a.m.

▶ courses, from page 1

▶ divestment, from page 1

At last night’s A.S. Council meeting, an ethical, moral, and economic debate seized 
Price Center Ballroom East as the 
Pastafarians and the Robotologists 
vied for control of Delta Quadrant 4.

Wait, sorry. That was in Ballroom 
West.

In Ballroom 
East, Students for 
Justice in Pales-
tine and Tritons 
for Israel debated 
an unquestionably 
serious resolution that SJP recently 
brought forth. It asks that the UC 
Board of Regents sever business ties 
with companies that are “profiting 
from the illegal occupation, siege, 
and blockade of Palestine.” The com-
panies named include General Elec-
tric, Caterpillar Inc., and Northrop 
Grumman.

If you need some context for this 
resolution, go pick up a history book, 
as I’m sure the story of the Israeli-
Palestinian conflict exceeds the word 
count of the Guardian, let alone this 
little column.

After an hour of rapid-fire public 
input, Tritons for Israel began special 
presentations with a refutation of the 
resolution. One of the organization’s 
points was that divestment harms the 
interlinked economies of Israel and 
Palestine in addition to the economy 
of UCSD itself.

Nicole Patolai of Tritons for Is-
rael mentioned that Western powers 
are responsible for the modern geo-
political territory that Israel covers. 

“The boundaries between Israel 
and its neighbors were drawn by the 
British,” she said. 

It seems as if oppressed people 
of all races and creeds can at least 
unite under one banner — blame the 
British.

Following this presentation, 

council took a painfully brief break. 
I stayed chipper throughout this 
meeting, primarily due to caffeine 
and willpower.

SJP began its presentation by 
defining divestment as a tool to hold 
corporations accountable to claims 
of ethical business practices. A.S. 

Council success-
fully wielded this 
social gavel by 
divesting from fos-
sil fuels at a recent 
meeting — yay, 

environment!
In response to a question about 

TFI’s support of a two-state solu-
tion, Jumanah Albahri brought up 
concerns about fair access to natural 
and economic resources.

“We cannot support a two-state 
plan for two groups of people,” 
Albahri said. “We now know that 
separate-but-equal doesn’t work.”

At some point in this meeting, I 
lost my fork, and as such, I didn’t get 
to eat my dinner. I realize that this 
was probably the least perturbing 
event of the evening, but still one 
that, for me, caused some sad feels.

And then we found out at 2 a.m. 
(councilmembers weren’t even close 
to finishing the debate) that a mis-
communication between University 
Centers and A.S. Council meant that 
security had to leave. If the students 
had stayed, council would be con-
sidered liable, and they couldn’t have 
that. So they voted to postpone the 
vote to next Wednesday. 

After spending eight hours in 
Ballroom East listening to council 
shenanigans, I’m not only disap-
pointed to leave without a decision 
by our esteemed council, but upset 
that I wasted 480 minutes of quality 
study time and sleep. What happened 
to the good ol’ days when I got out of 
meetings in two hours?

Council Talks Divestment for 
Eight Hours...But No Vote?

aleksandra  konstantinovic 
AkoNStA@ucsd.edu

new  business



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M A R C h  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Your 
Instagram 
Pisses Us 
All Off

You need to learn how to use Instagram properly, or else people will hate you. We are 
here to tell you straight up what 
your followers are too polite to say. 

First, you need to take a pic-
ture. Pictures with your friends 
and adorable animals are standard 
crowd-pleasers. Anything you 
come across that is funny, peculiar, 
extraordinary or famous can make 
for a great post. But more important 
than finding what to post is know-
ing what not to post.

Something that is becoming 
prevalent is ‘gramming uninterest-
ing texting conversations. The con-
versation usually involves an inside 
joke or a liberal use of emoticons 
— either way, we are not amused. 
So stop. 

While your latte foam looks 
adorable in the shape of a swirly 
heart, we don’t care. A rule to 
follow: Never take a picture of 
anything you plan on digesting. 
That’s right, we’re talking about that 
dinner you made that didn’t come 
out of a bag for once, that burger 
that you just spent $10 on and that 
mediocre plate of food with the 
hashtag #sogoodtobehome. Have 
some compassion — you are mak-
ing everyone else puke. 

Let’s talk about when it is not 
okay to take selfies. Selfies are an 
accepted reality of Instagram — the 
iPhone even has an inward facing 
camera to facilitate this exact type 
of indulgence. But people will hate 
you very quickly if you ‘gram your 
outfit every day, or constantly post 
pictures of just your face with vague 
captions like “Just one of those 
days” or “Live, laugh, love <3.” 

Also, try to focus your photos 
on your facial region, instead of, 
say, your legs while you’re lying on 
the beach or looking down at your 
shoes. But what’s the worst selfie 
of them all? The dreaded workout 
update selfie. The world can do 
without more mirror pictures with 
the caption, “Pushing my lim-
its  #sweat #fitness #determination 
#nodaysoff #eatcleantraindirty.” 
Many gym-stagrammers also make 
the critical mistake of hashtagging 
way too much — even up to the 
point of tagging things that have 
vaguely anything to do with the pic-
ture, like #love.

Now, if you’ve followed all of 
these guidelines, it is time to actually 
upload your photo. Using programs 
to compile multiple pictures in one 
frame can be cool, but any layout 
with more than four pictures starts 
to become dizzying, so use discre-
tion. When selecting a filter, there 
are additional factors to consider. For 
instance, there are certain filters that 
should never see the light of day. The 
harsh orange hue of Kelvin with the 
contrast of the distressed white edge 
literally only exists to be made fun of 
as the awkward ginger of the Insta-
filter family. Walden and Toaster 
also have weird spotlight effects that 
should be avoided. If you are looking 
for the lamest filter, that would be 
Valencia — use it if you want your 
picture to look completely the same 
but with a distracting white border. 

We hope you take these tips to 
heart so people don’t hate you. But 
then again, if you have an Instagram 
in the first place, odds are, people 
already do.

Your 
Vote Counts

Editorials

You’re not alone if you can’t tell 
the difference between University 
Centers Advisory Board and 
University Centers. We can’t really 
either (for our purposes, they are 
essentially interchangeable).

What does matter, is that UCSD 
students will soon have an opportu-
nity to vote on a UCAB/UCEN refer-
endum that, if passed, would increase 
student fees by $11 per quarter, with 
CPI–based increases on the horizon 
to fund Price Center, the Old Student 
Center, the Che Facility and the 
Crafts Center. Approval of the refer-
endum’s text is currently pending the 
UC Office of the President’s approval 
and could be voted on as early as 
Week 2 of next quarter. Whenever 
the vote takes place, students should 
support the measure and put much 
needed funds into resources students 
actually use.

Opponents of the UCAB pro-
posal will cry out about how such 
a hike is unfair to lower income 
students. Readers of the Guardian 

will remember that we very strongly 
endorsed passage of Proposition 30 
last fall — which raised sales tax and 
some income taxes in California. 
Voters passed Prop. 30 and UC and 
California State University students 
were spared fee hikes that would 
have exceeded $2,000 this year alone. 
The payoff of the UCEN fee increase 
is obvious. Virtually every stu-
dent can benefit from one of the 
University Centers, especially when 
a provision of the measure calls for 
24-hour access to computers and 
study rooms inside Price Center for 
at least four days a week. The Crafts 
Center, which closed unexpectedly 
for an unspecified period of time 
during Fall Quarter, will also get 
critical funding that will allow it to 
resume operation.

Needless to say, these centers are 
vital for student organizations as well. 
Dozens of organizations (including 
yours truly) as well as KSDT and the 
co-ops have offices in the Student 
Center or in Price Center, and funds 

raised by the increase will go into 
expanding operation and keeping 
up the level of maintenance students 
currently enjoy.

The increase comes in the form 
of exactly $1 a week — a far cry from 
other proposed increases (like one 
that called for nearly double that). 
Students currently pay around $230 a 
year to University Centers and annu-
al CPI increases would not exceed 3 
percent. Odds are, you’re reading this 
right now at a table outside Jamba 
Juice or (less likely) in the back of 
Hi-Thai. The rewards of UCEN fees 
are right in front of you.

The referendum’s text went 
through a long series of changes 
by A.S. Council and the Graduate 
Student Association. The final text of 
the initiative allots over 20 percent 
of the funds raised toward gradu-
ate student programming. With a 
final referendum that is favorable 
to all, there’s no real reason to vote 
against support your campus center 
resources.

Save Price Center: Vote on the UCAB Referendum

Arielle Sallai
Editor in ChiEf

ren Ebel
Madeline Mann

MAnAging EditorS

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Zev hurwitz
nEwS Editor

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San diego. Contents © 

2012. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of regents, the aSUCSd or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

Prior to attending UCSD, none of us thought the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would define political discourse on campus. Sure, our expectations of pro-tests against fee increases and environmental campaigns were easily met, but 
surprisingly, the persistent proposal to divest from companies profiting from the 
alleged Israeli occupation of Palestine could very well be mentioned on a campus 
tour. It enters student life every winter quarter like clockwork — an even older tra-
dition than Hullabaloo. 

For the fourth year in a row, Students for Justice in Palestine has made the case 
for why the Associated Students at UCSD should urge the UC administration to 
“divest for peace.” The resolution calls for a UC-wide financial divestment from 
General Electric, Northrop Grumman and other companies that SJP believes are 
profiting from a “non-neutral” and “unethical financial role” in the ongoing Israeli-
Palestinian conflict.

The resolution has never passed, though last year was the first and only time 
it was voted down (it was tabled the previous years). Other campuses have passed 
similar resolutions, including UC Irvine and UC Berkeley (whose president vetoed 
it); UC Riverside also voted on one yesterday.

Leading up to the vote at UCSD every year is a tense public input session, usu-
ally lasting several hours, in which a group of students from each side makes rous-
ing speeches in an attempt to sway councilmembers’ votes. We’ve sat through hours 
and hours of these meetings, turning early March into a “Game of Thrones”-esque 
cry of, “Divestment is coming.” 

Not that we don’t support students pursuing their political convictions. What’s 
baffling is witnessing a council elected to “boost school spirit!” and “improve stu-
dent life!” trying to navigate the political terrain of the conflict in the Middle East. 
While there are, indeed, members of council with passionate views on the subject, 
they are typically the fringe voters, such as Sean Estelle or Brad Segal, who operate 
on opposite ends of the spectrum from each other (one end being SJP, the other 
being Tritons for Israel).

It’s easy to see why talking about the Israel-Palestine conflict would be absurd to 
a lot of students, especially when the supposed purpose of A.S. Council is to “focus 
on the issues that directly affect the people with whom we have the responsibility 
to serve.” Now, not only is its purpose used to focus on measures about student life 
here, such as the University Centers Advisory Board referendum we discuss in our 
other editorial this week, but also has expanded to include the political issues stu-

i llustrati on    by  J effrey   lau

Last night’s divestment vote is a clear 
indicator of how important A.S. Council’s 

decisions are to our campus climate. At 
the beginning of spring quarter, students 
must make informed decisions on voting 

for next year’s council members. 

See divestment, page 13

opinion@ucsdGuardian.org
How-to   guru



T his column, my very last, is my penultimate goodbye to the Guardian. When I first 
applied to the Guardian as a truly 
disillusioned freshman, I submitted 
an application to the Hiatus sec-
tion (now Arts & Entertainment, of 
course) with a factually incorrect 
rant about the failed TV musical 
“Glee.” My application was prompt-
ly ignored or rejected (it was the 
end of spring quarter) and instead, 
the Opinion section scooped up the 
leftovers.

And thus began my coinciden-
tal, often accidental, ascent up the 
Guardian hierarchy, a career path 
that has somehow dominated my 
life despite my frequent efforts to 
interject my future with thoughts 
of law school, cinematography 
and now, teaching. But during the 
tense editorial meetings and my 
bumbling attempts at running the 
Opinion section, I kept thinking 
about my first application and how 
much I just wanted to write about 
television.

In the end, I had my opportuni-
ty: This is my fourth column (two 
Opinion columns and two A&E 
ones), and I’ve written about more 
television shows than I’ve ever 
wanted to in my entire life. In fact, 
my early columns date so far back 
that I discovered at one point I 
actually liked “The Walking Dead.” 
Imagine that.

I would have been a bad 
Hiatus editor (cheers, Arielle, Ren, 
Andrew and Jacey) — my utter lack 
of music knowledge has spawned 
some truly terrible quotes, includ-
ing “What is a Solange Knowles?” 
... For that matter, what is a Dita 
Von Tease?

From the members of the Hiatus 
staff, I learned about contemporary 
art, vagina-themed rap music and 
how to keep your cool while inter-
viewing Channing Tatum. I got to 
write about my very favorite televi-
sion shows, including “Arrested 
Development” (returning May 4), 
“Game of Thrones” (March 30) 
and “Breaking Bad” (July 15), with 
minimal interruption from the very 
busy Hiatus editors.

I was very lucky to have this sort 
of artistic liberty, and I’m clearly 
testing its limits (sorry, Jacey) by 
making this entire column about 
me and not television.

Before I lose my soapbox for 
good, though, here are some tele-
vision-related statements that are 
plaguing my mind right now.

Boy, I really like the new “Game 
of Thrones” dragon campaign that 
everybody on Reddit called stupid 
when it first came out.

When I watched the reality 
show “Survivor” for the first time 
yesterday, I was struck by how 
high school drama still plagues the 
islands of the South Pacific. And 
later, I realized how I’m 20 years 
behind in this realization. 

Jennifer Lawrence’s Oscar trip 
was very endearing — I wonder 
if she engineered it to seem more 
down-to-earth (literally).

I wonder if I can join a 
Minecraft Hunger Games server in 
the near future. 

It’s been fun, Hiatus. I’m sorry 
I was never able to tell the differ-
ence between the names of the 
album and the names of the artists 
in your music reviews. I’m sorry I 
never once read a theatre review. 
However, I’m not sorry my set of 
“Avengers” descriptions made a girl 
so mad on Tumblr that she was 
driven to type in caps lock.

Goodbye, 
A&E: You 
Rock, Don’t 
Ever Change

margeret  yau  m1yau@ucsd.eduthe  sound  &  the fury

L ooking at the calendar of upcoming performances at UCSD’s Conrad Prebys Music Center can often be a confusing pro-cess, with the shows themselves sometimes proving even 
more intimidating than they seem (ever been to a computer 
music recital?). In general, though, the concerts at CPMC are 
both thought provoking and very entertaining, and PASSAGE 9, 
an upcoming performance of a piece by UCSD composer Roger 
Reynolds, promises to be no exception. 

Featuring “an intriguing way of sharing observations, images, 
sounds and their unpredictable resonances,” the piece consists of 
a series of texts read (with the assistance of “an elaborate com-
puter algorithm”) by Reynolds, with musical accompaniment by 

percussionist Steven Schick, flutist Rachel Beetz and computer 
musician Paul Hembree. The Guardian caught up with Roger 
Reynolds last week to discuss the performance.

The details of the performance — more specifically, the com-
puter algorithm that facilitates it — might seem rather confusing, 
so Reynolds provided some helpful clarification. 

“I will read some texts live, while others — that I have pre-
recorded — will be reproduced at the same time,” Reynolds said. 
“It’s a conversation with myself. The texts are on a wide variety of 
subjects. Most of them have a story line and also a ‘take away.’” 

Composing  the  subconscious

Seasoned UCSD composer 
Roger Reynolds explores sound, 
text and the audience’s mind in 

new piece PASSAGE9.

E xpectations were not high for “Jack the Giant Slayer.” Let’s face it: We’ve had a pretty 
awful run of fantasy adaptations. 
From “Red Riding Hood” to Snow 
White (several times), and even the 
recent Hansel and Gretel movie, 
there has been a long-running 
marathon of terrible fantasy films. 
Not many people sit around and 
say to themselves, “Yeah, I’d really 
love a sub-par film that sucks the 
marrow out of a children’s tale 
from the Middle Ages.” And by and 
large, every adaptation of this type 
is terrible. 

Surprisingly, “Jack the Giant 

Slayer” is a lot of fun. 
No, it’s not a great movie — not 

by a long shot. But perhaps the pro-
ducers and director Bryan Singer 
(“X-Men,” “X2” and “Superman 
Returns”) understood that while 
they were making it. There’s some-
thing satirical just under the sur-
face of “Giant Slayer,” and at several 
points during the film, it was clear 
that it was channeling master of 
fantasy-film parody “The Princess 
Bride.” That can only be a good 
thing. 

Even though it’s a fairly banal 
film with bland characters, a vague 
“somewhere in Europe” setting and 
perhaps the most hackneyed plot in 
recent memory, everyone on screen 

seems like they’re having fun. And 
when Ewan McGregor has fun, we 
have fun.

The plot is, as previously 
mentioned, incredibly straightfor-
ward. Giants and men had a war 
a long time ago, and a crown was 
forged that could send the giants 

back to their Avatar-inspired sky 
mountains. Said crown was lost, 
and everything faded into legend. 
Enter our earnest and idealistic 
Jack (Nicholas Hoult, “Clash of the 
Titans,” “Warm Bodies”), who has 

BY  NATHAN  COOK  Staff Writer

See Reynolds, page 11

CONCErT  prEviEw

See JACK, page 11

Directed by Brian Singer
Starring Nicholas Hoult, Ewan McGregor
rated PG-13
release Date March 1

JACK THE GiANT SLAYEr
fiLm  rEviEw

Score: C+

A&E     T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M A R C h  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  5

BY  Andrew  whitworth  Associate A&E Editor
PhoTo CoURTeSY of CoNRAD PRebYS MUSIC CeNTeR



6     T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M A R C h  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  A&E

AZUSA   |   HIGH DESERT   |   INLAND EMPIRE   |   LOS ANGELES   |   MURRIETA   |   ORANGE COUNTY 

SAN DIEGO   |    VENTURA COUNTY   |   ONLINE

Classes start five times throughout the year.  
Contact us today!
(800) 825-5278

www.apu.edu/explore/education

graduatecenter@apu.edu 

Earn your credential and master’s degree
in education at APU.

Complete your degree in as little as 12 months.

Azusa Pacific offers:

• Convenient classes at eight Southern California locations and online.

• More than 60 program opportunities in teaching, counseling, physical education,   
 and administration.

• NCATE-accredited programs recognized by all 50 states and internationally.

14083

Nedra Graham
Santa Fe Middle School  
Single-Subject Teaching Credential, 2004

play
with

 me

“
”

spank
can i

you?

“

”
Asking for consent isn't a mood killer, it's a mood thriller

come to the Thurgood Marshall Room,
PC West

3.8.13 • 11am

dirty

in
i w

an
t

yo
u

me

“

”

on?
how cani turn you

“

”

ALBum  rEviEwS

English singer-songwriter makes a punk feminist comeback.

L et’s get one thing straight: Kate Nash is not another Lily Allen. Sure, the two musi-cians both have peppy, distinctive London 
accents and don’t shy away from being tongue-
in-cheek, but if her first two quirky albums 
didn’t already distance herself enough from 
Allen’s “pop princess” sound, Nash’s newest 
release, “Girl Talk,” secures her a place far away 
from the mainstream.

In fact, Nash spends most of the album 
assuming the decidedly non-commercial task 
of criticizing superficiality in pop culture 
and its double standard against women. The 
title of her third album, “Girl Talk,” already 
sounds like a feminist anthem against heart-
break and sexism. If that weren’t apparent 
enough, the track “Rap for Rejection” blatant-
ly stands up against misogyny: “You’re tryna 
tell me sexism doesn’t exist?/ …/ How many 
boys will it destroy?”

Rap interlude aside, on a sonic level the 

album mostly resembles Nash’s 2005 rock debut 
“Caroline’s a Victim.” Unfortunately, the punk 
tunes are too disjointed to fully evolve from 
the song. Granted, the lack of smooth flow is 
intentional, as it is intended to mimic jumbled 
thoughts; however, tracks like “Sister” and “All 
Talk” are almost unbearable, with screeching 
vocals that lack good transitions.

Luckily, the album bears some redeeming 
qualities, such as slick guitar riffs, especially in 
the catchy single “3AM” and the ’60s-flavored 
alt-rock “OMYGOD!” Nonetheless, it’s hard 
not to miss Nash’s memorable Regina Spektor-
influenced hits: Seeing the Brit grow from the 
smart, off-the-wall poetry of “Mouthwash” and 
“Merry Happy” would have been a treat to hear 
on this album. Maybe she should bring the 
piano back.

— Jacqueline  Kim
staff writer

T he position occupied by Shout Out Louds in today’s musical landscape is truly not an enviable one. Having 
essentially mastered their craft (specifically, 
exuberant, jangly guitar pop with the vaguest 
detached, Scandinavian attitude) on 2007’s 
excellent “Our Ill Wills,” the band has spent 
the half-decade since trying, with various 
degrees of success, to assert its relevance. 
Shout Out Louds’ last album, the glaringly 
unremarkable “Work,” was released to almost 
complete critical indifference.

From the beginning, “Optica” sees the band 
really going for it. The opening trio of “Sugar,” 
“Illusions” and pre-release single “Blue Ice” 
incorporates a variety of wide screen sonic 
decorations to augment the band’s keen melod-
ic sensibilities. “Illusions” in particular, with 
its sharp post-punk guitars contrasted against 
soothing female backing vocals, is more excit-
ing than almost anything the band has done 

since its inception. The fourth track, “14th of 
July,” changes things entirely. Incorporating a 
series of urgent guitar figures and a disco beat, 
the song describes with clarity the anxiousness 
and optimism of a new romantic endeavor. By 
the time the band gets to its earworm of a cho-
rus (“Will this turn out my way?/ Is the vaca-
tion long enough/ To keep me in the game?”) 
it’s clear that they’ve crafted one of 2013’s best 
festival-ready rock anthems thus far.

The primary problem with “Optica” is 
that it fails to go anywhere after that. With 
the exception of the intriguing, kosmische-
as-H&M-soundtrack “Glasgow,” most of 
“Optica”’s second half is extraordinarily bland. 
Fortunately for the band, the strength of the 
album’s singles will likely secure its spot as a 
solid daytime festival act in the years to come.

— Andrew whitworth
associate a&e editor

Chipper Stockholm quintet struggles to stay afloat.

CAN'T  GET  ENOuGH?  viSiT  Our  wEBSiTE

www.ucsdguardian.org

Optica
by  Shout  Out  Louds
release Date February 26
7/10

Girl Talk
by Kate  Nash
release Date March 5
6/10



TRAVEL GUIDE

BON VOYAGE, TRITONS

SPRING BREAK 2013  

D
a

Zb
x

IL
LU

S
TR

AT
IO

N
 b

y
 K

Ay
LA

 b
AT

O
M

/G
u

a
r

d
ia

n



TAKE YOUR PICK  

SEOUL

SAN FRANCISCO

BY VINCENT PHAM STAFF WRITER  

BY ASHLEY KWON ASSOCIATE LIFESTYLE EDITOR

from the guardian’s FAVORITE DESTINATIONS

T here isn’t much time to travel. The average life expectancy of a U.S. citizen is 77 years, and getting past 65 means retirement. For the first 18 years of your life, you have 
something called “parents,” and when you’re out of college, it’s 
a dive right into adulthood. So when are you going to see the 
world, if not now?

It’s college. This is the time to make mistakes, to grow and 
adapt and find yourself. You’re finally old enough to remem-
ber the places you go, but not so old that those treks around 
the city or to historical sites are going to wear you out by 
the end of the day. There’s the issue of money, and traveling 
shouldn’t always require crashing on your friends’ couches 
or having more-than-slight trepidation about that hostel you 
booked. Win yourself a low monetary scholarship and use 
it towards educating yourself … on the world. Spread your 
wings of hard-earned cash and fly, young one.

There is a debate between “NorCal” kids and “SoCal” 
kids that has persisted since California’s statehood in 1850. 
Although the competition is fierce, NorCal has San Francisco.

The novelty of San Francisco lies within what you can’t 
find anywhere else. Stop by Golden Gate Park, which covers 
more than 1,000 acres of public land, and do as many tourist 
things as possible. Surrounded by iconic eateries like Bi-Rite 
Creamery, Golden Gate Park is the place to get a sundry taste 
of San Francisco. Visit the Ferry Building Marketplace for 
some delicious artisan treats, and top your day off with a stroll 
down the piers of SF. With notable streets to visit, like Haight-
Ashbury and Castro, and the expanse of the Embarcadero 
to feel the metropolitan side of San Francisco, it’s easy to get 
swept off your feet and really fall in love with this city.

AUSTRALIA

BY KATHERINE SHI STAFF WRITER  

If China is the big dragon lying in the East, Australia would 
definitely be crowned the sparkling pearl of the southern 
hemisphere. If you want to have a wild, unforgettable summer, 
Australia is the perfect place to go. There’s nothing cooler than 
wandering in the forest and unexpectedly running into a kan-
garoo or koala. After you get off the plane, the bright sunshine 
and the leaping azure waves of the Gold Coast welcome you 
with a refreshing sea breeze. There’s surfing, parachuting and 
diving in any direction you look. Walking on the shimmer-
ing golden sand, this surfer’s paradise will capture your heart 
with its beautiful natural sceneries and dynamic entertainment 
activities. Australia has a fascinating aboriginal culture and 
amazingly delicious seafood to boot.

Although the traditional travel sites, like the Sydney Opera 
House or the Melbourne Zoo, are great, one of the better and 
lesser-known places to visit is Port Arthur in Tasmania, an 
“open-air museum” that offers insight into Australia’s history. 

Whether or not Psy’s viral hit “Gangnam Style” brought 
Korean culture to your attention, a trip to Korea will offer 
dynamic experiences for visitors, especially young and 
vibrant college students. Seoul, the capital of Korea, is a 
city, surrounded by great mountains and through which the 
Hangang River flows from east to west. If you want to experi-
ence the lively and vigorous outdoor cultural spaces in Seoul, 
Myeongdong and Hongdae are must-visits. Myeongdong is 
all about fashion, as it is Seoul’s primary and most famous 
shopping district. Make sure to look out for the street shops 
for good bargains. Myeongdong is without a doubt a true 
tourist attraction, while Hongdae is a favorite among locals. 
Though the area is known for its artsy boutiques, young 
people often go there for live music bars and dance clubs. 
For those who fancy “Gangnam Style,” visit Apgujeong 
and Cheongdamdong, the centers of the affluent Gangnam 
District, to see the number-one trend-setting neighborhood 
of Korea. To learn the traditional history of Korea, Bukchon 
Hanok Village is the perfect destination where you can enjoy 
the beauty of Hanok, the traditional Korean-style home.

BY VINCENT PHAM STAFF WRITER  

8      



WASHINGTON D.C.  NASHVILLE

NEW YORK CITY

BY SHELBY NEWALLIS STAFF WRITER  

BY ZEV HURWITZ NEWS EDITOR  

BY JACEY ALDREDGE ASSOCIATE A&E EDITOR  

Countless shows, songs and movies are based on the 
city that never sleeps, and there’s a reason for it. NYC is a 
cultural Mecca like no other, and once you learn your NYC 
geography, you’ll learn not to waste all your time in the 
touristy Times Square.

The borough of Manhattan is loosely divided into three 
sections: downtown, midtown and uptown. In downtown, 
you can hit up the trendy bars in Chelsea, grab a cup of coffee 
in the Village or bargain shop in Chinatown. Check out the 
Upper East Side in uptown — here, you’ll find the “Museum 
Mile” and plenty of nannies shuttling children around in stroll-
ers in Central Park.

Plan a full day in Midtown, starting with breakfast at 
Tiffany’s on Fifth Avenue. Catch a show on Broadway, visit the 
top of Rockefeller Center and watch the sun set over the NYC 
skyline. You’ll leave NYC with a lighter wallet, a new profile 
picture and a longing to go back as soon as you can.

Not every tourist attraction worth visiting in the nation’s 
capital is a white government building. While the word “muse-
um” brings back memories of elementary school trips to view 
dinosaur bones, the newer, more fascinating museums in the 
D.C. area provide a different take on the word. The Smithsonian 
Institution, which has 19 Washington-area museums and zoos, 
contains a timeless collection of the nation’s most significant 
artifacts and gardens.

The more hands-on Spy Museum is now home to a “50 
years of Bond Villains” exhibit, which has over 100 props 
and costumes from the James Bond franchise. The exhibit, 
free with museum admission, includes “Vilify Me,” an expe-
rience in which visitors can turn themselves into a bad guy 
from the films.

As journalists, the Guardian is also partial to the six-floor 
Newseum, a celebration of international news. Home to exhibits 
of Pulitzer Prize-winning photographs, a 9/11 memorial seen 
through media coverage and a 4-D theater, the Newseum is in 
the heart of D.C., just down the street from the capitol building. 
The Newseum also offers visitors a chance to become television 
news reporters, investigative journalists and website content 
managers through a variety of interactive multimedia exhibits.

Other D.C. highlights include the Verizon Center, where 
masochistic basketball fans can watch the painfully bad 
Washington Wizards, as well as the Obama residence and the 
famed monuments and memorials for the first, third and 16th 
presidents, among others.

Nashville — or Nashvegas, as it’s known as to its natives 
— is the country garishness that is “Music City USA.” Once 
you land, you are indeed greeted by an array of twang, from 
Shania to Dolly (thankfully, even we don’t view Miss Swift as 
country anymore). Yes, everything you’ve seen on that ABC 
music drama of the same name is true — for the most part. 
While there is a strip on Broadway that is reserved only for 
light-up guitars, giant cowboy hats, bad karaoke and every 
kind of grits you never wanted to try, the heart of the city is 
really where its charm lies. Sure, you can spend your days 
perusing the Country Music Hall of Fame or taking a tour 
of the Grand Ole Opry (it really is grand), but to genuinely 
experience this city, do as the Romans do. Whitewater raft-
ing is a favorite, but if you’re feeling more audacious, take 
a day trip and camp out in Adams, home of the Bell Witch 
Cave. Locals have stories for days about that crazy bitch. 
Not outdoorsy? The food is fattening as hell, and it’s damn 
good, too — for a great burger, check out The National 
Underground. The music scene isn’t just whine dogs and 
beer, either — there’s a soul to the sounds of this city that 
will pull you in, guaranteed. Underneath all the lights and 
southern hospitality is a living, breathing community that 
plays hard and works harder.

VIENNA

BY JEAN LEE EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

If being in the city that was the former home of Freud, 
Beethoven and Mozart doesn’t trip you out enough, simply walk-
ing around Vienna and soaking up the sights might do the trick. 
The city’s architecture doesn’t hide its marvel, and a stunning 
mix of historical structures, like Schonbruun Palace (which rivals 
France’s Versailles), and modern works, like the expressionistic 
Hundertwasserhaus, paints the cultural landscape. 

Make sure to do your shopping at Mariahilfer Strasse, where 
your standard H&M store sits alongside shops set up by local 
Viennese artists on the ground level of historical buildings. Grab 
lunch at Naschmarkt, where fresh global cuisine is prepared in 
a beautiful open market. Don’t forget to try the quintessential 
Austrian dishes: Cafe Mozart serves schnitzel and tafelspitz exqui-
sitely, and trying some famous sachertorte — Austrian chocolate 
cake — at the adjacent Hotel Sacher afterward is mandatory. After 
you check off all the tourist must-dos, be a local and walk down 
Ringstrasse, Vienna’s boulevard that encircles some of the world’s 
most iconic landmarks. It is a walk that Freud took daily.

   9



Spring Break 2013

facebook.com/VisitPalmSprings

Like no place else.™

Enter to 
WIN a 
5 Night 
Dream 

Vacation!

PalmSpringsBreak.com

Palm Springs practically
invented Spring Break….
why spend it anywhere else? 
Special travel deals 
and find out the 
top 15 things to do 
at PalmSpringsBreak.com. 

Look for the Palm Springs 
Street team at your school 
on March 11th & 12th! 
Find us to score deals 
and cool stuff! 

The_Guardian_UC_SDiego.indd   1 2/7/2013   1:37:17 PM

AMALFI COAST

BY SHELBY NEWALLIS STAFF WRITER  

“Dolce far Niente” is the lifestyle to which Italians sub-
scribe, and it translates to “the sweetness of doing nothing.” 
On the Amalfi Coast, this way of life is as sweet as the 
Amalfi lemons that are turned into limoncello, the deli-
cious post-dinner drink of the South.

Traveling along the Amalfi Coast, you’ll learn how to 
eat like an Italian by enjoying regional dishes. Swap your 
boring Caesar salad for a caprese salad made with all local-
ly grown ingredients: fresh tomatoes, basil, olive oil, and 
mozzarella di bufala. Go to a local seafood market, and you 
can pick out any fresh catch and watch the cooks prepare 
your meal right in front of you.

Take a day trip to Positano to shop for handmade san-
dals and artisan jewelry. Even if the thought of sitting in a 
beach chair with a chilled glass of wine and a book sounds 
more enticing, you’ll feel like you’re in paradise either way.

CAMBRIA

BY REBECCA HORWITZ 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR  

If you’re looking for a nice beach destination that still has 
the feeling of a rustic mountain town, Cambria, Calif. is the 
place to go. It’s six hours from San Diego and three hours 
from LA. The weather is usually in the 70s, except during 
slightly colder winters. It’s a small town that’s used to tourists, 
but that doesn’t take away from its authenticity. The locals 
are friendly, and there are flourishing local businesses, such 
as The Squibb House, which sells Amish furniture, or The 
Gourmet Gift, which sells delicious fudge.

The beaches are gorgeous in Cambria, and they’re great 
for surfing. A popular beach activity is searching in the sand 
for the local gemstone, moonstone. There are hikes all over 
the town that lead hikers through the pine tree-covered hills 
while overlooking the ocean. All of the beaches are off of U.S. 
Route 1. A few miles north of Cambria is a beach, Piedras 
Blancas, where there is a colony of elephant seals that you can 
watch. And if you’re interested in 20th-century architecture, 
newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst’s infamous 
mansion, Hearst Castle, is only a 20-minute drive from 
Cambria. It encompasses over 90,000 square feet, and there 
are zebras grazing the estate left over from Hearst’s private 
onsite exotic zoo.

BOSTON

BY VINCENT PHAM STAFF WRITER  

Although you may not be a history buff when you first 
visit one of the biggest players in the American Revolution, 
you will become one by the time you leave.

With the neoclassical architecture, brick roads and the 
occasional revolutionary figure giving tours, you’ll want 
to see what the big hubbub is about. Go on the Freedom 
Trail if you can commit to the seven-mile time machine. 
After you familiarize yourself with the past of the city, get 
into the present.

When traveling around Boston, you will quickly learn 
that the subway is your best friend. A Charlie Card will 
take you anywhere and everywhere in Boston, and it pro-
vides a good way to explore the city at a low cost. Hit up 
Blunch in the South End for the sandwich you’ve always 
been looking for and Hungry Mother in Cambridge for 
a taste of real Southern style cooking. Boston is that per-
fect balance between a cozy town and a big city — it’s the 
best of both worlds.



A&E     T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M A R C h  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

The texts will be accompanied 
by two musical performances and 
projected imagery. When asked 
about this multimedia aspect of his 
performance, Reynolds noted that 
the presence of several (sometimes 
conflicting) streams of sound as 
well as a visual element “offers you 
the freedom to follow the implica-
tions aroused in your own mind 
and sensibility — rather than to be 
given a pre-determined message. 

While normal concerts have a visual 
dimension, it is fixed and limited. 
PASSAGE 9 approaches its audience 
in more varied ways and with more 
varied content.”

“I realized a few years ago that I 
was not so comfortable any longer 
with giving ‘a lecture about a thing,’” 
Reynolds said. “It felt more interest-
ing to make a presentation of what 
was on my mind in a more non-
linear way, a way that invites each 
person in the audience to make her 
or his own response.” 

This attempt to transfer some 
of the artistic agency of his perfor-
mance to the mind of the listener 
is achieved through the help of an 
8-channel surround sound system, 
controlled by the aforementioned 
computer algorithm. Reynolds is 
convinced of the positive influence of 
computers on contemporary music. 

“All artists, all human beings, 
have an imaginative inner life,” he 
said. “Through most of human his-
tory, those inner imaginings were not 
directly shareable. They were con-

fined within us. Now, with the aid of 
general-purpose digital computation, 
the province of the imagination can 
become that of shared experience. If 
I want my voice to seem to meander 
choreographically around a room, it 
can be done.” 

To be sure, PASSAGE 9 sounds 
like an intriguing performance. What 
can students expect from the piece? 

“It would be safe to say that 
students attending would not have 
experienced anything quite like it 
before — that they will be, perhaps, 

disconcerted by the idea of multiple 
texts coming into their ears at the 
same time; and it that it will not be 
coercive,” Reynolds said. “Hopefully, 
what it will be is ‘suggestive to the 
imagination.’” 

PASSAGE 9 will be performed 
Wednesday, March 13 at 7 p.m. 
Tickets are $15.50, though student 
rush tickets will be available for free 
an hour before the show.

Upcoming PASSAGE 9 Piece by UCSD Composer Roger Reynolds Incorporates Multiple Media Platforms
▶ Reynolds, from page 5

readers can contact
Andrew  whitworth     awhitworth@ucsd.edu 

to sell his horse in the city mar-
ket. He meets a princess, Isabelle 
(Eleanor Tomlinson, “Alice in 
Wonderland”) in the market, and 
then promptly sells the horse for 
beans. Things go downhill for him 
from there. After he takes the beans 
home, the princess runs away from 
her forced marriage and ends up 
at Jack’s house. Unfortunately, the 
beans grow into a giant beanstalk, 
which carries her all the way up 
to the giant’s island, leaving Jack 
on the ground. Thus begins a nice 
adventure to nab her back before 
she gets turned into giant stew.

The good: None of our main 
characters are antagonistic, unlik-
able or difficult. In current fantasy 
films, the princess must be a strong 
character. We accept that. However, 
this is generally interpreted as mak-
ing the heroine incredibly combat-
ive and snarky. This trope generally 
backfires (see “Prince of Persia”) by 
making both the main characters 
seem incredibly petty and more 
interested in witty banter than 
anything else. “Giant Slayer” avoids 
these pitfalls: Jack is actually a 

pretty nice guy, if a bit dim-witted, 
and Isabelle is pleasant, if a bit use-
less. The esteemed Ewan McGregor 
(“Moulin Rouge,” “Beginners”) 
plays a derring-do adventurer for 
the king while channeling swash-
bucklers of yore, and he seems to 
enjoy every minute of it. Throw 
these three together, and the adven-
ture becomes a fun romp through 
computer-generated landscapes.

Now, the bad. The effects in 
this film are not very good. This 
is a problem when the film relies 
on those effects to create its vil-
lainous giants. They don’t feel like 
threats once we actually see them 
in the flesh: The giants just look 
hokey, and they are often played for 
laughs. The humor in the film is 
mostly crude or unintentional — it 
might entertain a 12-year-old or 
the skater dude who sits next to 
you during the screening. 

In addition, the last 30 minutes 
of the film consists mostly of large 
CGI things bashing against other 
CGI things and people running 
around yelling at each other. The 
giants try to break through the wall 
of the castle and the soldiers keep 
the gate closed; then, the giants 

come up with another plan. After 
10 minutes of this is repeated, it 
starts to become yawn-inducing. 
The film ceases to have fun with its 
premise at this point, and so does 
the audience. Then, when com-
bined with a very strange, though 

clever, epilogue, the film ends on a 
bit of an odd note. 

It’s not a bad film. If you’re 
looking to turn your brain off and 
see a blockbuster in which the main 
character isn’t a jerk or a complete 
idiot, and eventually gets the pretty 

girl, then this is the film for you. 
For everybody else, it might still be 
worth a watch … if you don’t have 
to pay for the ticket. 

Fairy Tale Failures Continue With Beanstalk Adventure, Starring Nicholas Hoult and Ewan McGregor
▶ JACK, from page 5

readers can contact
Nathan  cook     ncook@ucsd.edu 



Editors’ picks cAlEndAr
3/7
Thurs.

3/8
fri.

3/9
saT.

3/10
sun.

CYuaG PrEsEnTs: 
‘iT’s a MinisTrY’ 
POETrY niGhT
Price Center East Level 4 / 
7 p.m. – 9 p.m. / free

The Christian Youth united 
for the advancement of 
the Gospel presents their 
fifth annual Poetry/spo-
ken Word night featuring 
Kendrick Dial and The Lyri-
cal Groove. “’it’s a Ministry’ 
Poetry night” will be gospel 
expressed through poetry 
and spoken word perfor-
mances. all from the uCsD 
and non-uCsD community 
are invited.

G-EaZY
Porter’s Pub / show at 8 
p.m. / $20

it’s rough to be known 
more for a sample you 
used than for your actual 
music. But such is life for 
G-Eazy. That’s a bit unfair, 
though. first, his sample 
of “runaround sue” was 
damn good. second, he’s 
actually a fairly talented 
rapper with a whole 
repertoire of good songs. 
hopefully, this concert will 
make that obvious.

BOY
The Loft / Doors 7 p.m., 
show 8 p.m. / $5 students

This duo hails from both 
Zurich and hamburg, 
neither of which is known 
for producing pop music. 
Consequently, the pop that 
Boy makes is hardly tradi-
tional. instead, it’s a vivid 
blend of dance music with 
lyrical depth. 

3/11
MOn.

2/19
TuEs.

VariaTiOns Xi: 
GuiLTY PLaYs
Price Center Theater / 
2 p.m. and 7 p.m. / free

WarrEn LiVE 2013
Price Center Ballroom West / 7:30 p.m. / free

Time to hear all those Matt nathanson songs on the radio 
performed live by nathanson himself, right on campus. The 
singer will headline this year’s Warren Live with Terraplane sun 
and Josh Damigo as special guests. 

san DiEGO haLf 
MaraThOn 
Petco Park / 7:30 a.m. / 
$150

Celebrate san Diego by 
being a part of the second 
annual san Diego half 
Marathon, where runners 
can spend the morn-
ing in the city’s beautiful 
downtown. all proceeds 
benefit community ser-
vice projects along with 
select charitable causes 
in san Diego. afterwards, 
runners and the rest of 
the public are invited to 
the Gaslamp Block Party 
where live music, enter-
tainment, local food and 
more are provided.

MaCBETh
Westminster Theater / 
7 p.m. / $13 students

“Macbeth” is considered 
one of shakespeare’s 
darkest plays, dealing with 
betrayal, regret and all 
kinds of bloody, morally-
questionable action. it’s 
also one of those plays that 
got force-fed to us in high 
school and turned us off 
the whole idea of shake-
speare. it’s about time you 
saw it live and gave it a real 
shot. The play is extremely 
powerful when done right.

VinCE sTaPLEs
Porter’s Pub / 8:00 p.m. / $12 Pre-sale

Vince staples is a young rapper from the greater Los an-
geles area. he is loosely affiliated with the rap collective 
Odd future, but is by no means bound by their particu-
larly anarchic brand of rap. instead, he messes around on 
experimental beats with a voice that sounds a bit like Devin 
the Dude if Devin hadn’t smoked all but two of his brain 
cells to death.

The uCsD Variations 
Project is presenting their 
winter quarter work, “Vari-
ations Xi: Guilty Plays.” 
These student playwrights 
perform short, student-
submitted plays every 
quarter; this production’s 
theme is “Guilt”. Make 
sure to watch one of the 
shows since they will only 
last a week — there is a 2 
p.m. matinee and a 7 p.m. 
evening show.

The Tritones, uCsD’s well-known co-ed a cappella group, is 
hosting their main show of the quarter at The Loft. Though 
in past years they have hosted annual fall and spring 
Ballroom shows, they are changing things up this year by 
showcasing a Winter one. Expect to hear soulful renditions 
from past decades as well as recent top-40 hits.

TriTOnEs WinTEr shOW
The Loft / 8:30 p.m. / free

Plays are cool and all, but they always go on for so long. 
ain’t nobody got time for that. Luckily, the Lawrence family 
Jewish Community Center understands. They’re staging 10 
5-minute plays. at the end, the audience even gets to pick a 
winner. The combination of convenient art and democracy 
is just tantalizing.

5 MinuTE PLaY fEsTiVaL
Lawrence family Jewish Community Center / 7 p.m. / 
$8-$10

3/12
TuEs. Latino film festivalDigiplex Mission Valley / $10

This festival features screenings 
of the top 20 most influential and 
groundbreaking Latino films of the 
past 20 years.



o P i N i o N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M A R C h  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  13

dents care about. 
The problem is, the discourse 

surrounding the divestment reso-
lution says: “If you are not with 
me, then you are against me.” For 
example, Students for Justice in 
Palestine said in Monday’s letter to 
the editor, “UCSD Needs to Divest 
to Uphold Basic Human Rights and 
Help End Apartheid in Israel and 
Palestine,” that “Our university, 
through its investment portfolio, 
has taken a position that is dia-
metrically opposed to the human 
rights of Palestinians.” So by doing 
nothing, SJP says, we are already 
taking a political stance. 

Their logic is reasonable, but it 
does make the possibility for compro-

mise nearly impossible. TFI just wants 
divestment to go away, SJP wants it to 
pass, and A.S. Council is then left with 
the pieces. 

We would hope the democratic 
process of elections for A.S. Council 
each year would make the vote on the 
resolution an accurate measure of stu-
dent opinion, but it’s not. 

Only around 50 percent of stu-
dents vote generally during A.S. elec-
tions (on a good year), making the 
current council a weak representa-
tion of the campus body as a whole. 
Student government may seem 
trivial to a lot of the student body, 
but the divestment resolution is 
strong evidence to the contrary. A.S. 
makes decisions that could greatly 
impact not only student life but cam-
pus climate itself, so be sure to vote 

in the election for next year’s council 
at the beginning of Spring Quarter. 
Candidates will be announced 
tomorrow and we’ll be interviewing 
all of them for our annual endorse-
ments during Week 1. Read it, and 
get informed. 

Regardless, the Guardian isn’t 
going to take a stance one way or the 
other on divestment. We’re all for 
corporate responsibility, but we also 
hate seeing the pain the debate inflicts 
upon both sides each year. Perhaps 
this isn’t an issue meant to be dealt 
with in council, and instead should 
be dealt with as an ongoing discus-
sion between pro-Palestine, pro-Israel 
groups and the actual administration 
— especially since the University of 
California wouldn’t actually divest if 
the resolution passes. 

Call (866) 503-5467 to speak with your education program recruiter, Tammy Hong. 
ENCINO • IRVINE • WEST LOS ANGELES • WESTLAKE VILL AGE • ONLINE

GSEP.PEPPERDINE.EDU

Scan for  
a free 

information 
pack!

Begin your career as a teacher.  
Master of Arts in Education for Teacher Preparation

4 34-unit program
4 40 percent online
4 In as little as 1 year

A Pepperdine University master’s degree in education empowers you with the tools you need for a rewarding career 
in teaching. With small class sizes, faculty scholar-practitioners, and a dedicated career services department, you’ll 
receive the hands-on support, mentorship, and preparation needed to begin your journey in the classroom.

ED_Chapman_10x8.indd   1 9/12/12   11:11 PM

lEttEr  to  tHE  Editorhalcyon days By Christie Yi

Increased Voter Turnout Results in a More Representative Council
▶ divestment, from page 4

Dear Editor, 
Analysis of the June 2012 pri-

mary election shows left-wing turn-
out was weak for then-mayoral 
candidate Bob Filner.

 There just wasn’t enough inter-
est in the campaigns at that point 
to bring out the rank-and-file 
for an inevitable presidential nomi-
nee. Comprehensive Pension 
Reform for San Diego was trum-
peted by Carl DeMaio and was the 
overriding issue that determined 
the passage of that election’s bal-
lot propositions, as well as the 
Republican Party giving DeMaio its 
endorsement.

 Nathan Fletcher left that party 
because Comprehensive Pension 
Reform for San Diego had more 
appeal than Chelsea King (at least 
for right-wing Tea Party stalwarts). 
Fletcher, as a Republican, had 
linked arms with the assembly 
speaker, a democrat, in champion-
ing Chelsea’s Law. 

Scott Peters was one of 
those, who while serving of the 
San Diego City Council, had 
approved bloated city pensions so 
in the primary he demanded that 
his opponent explain her absten-
tion (while serving as an assembly-
woman) on Chelsea’s Law.

To turn out Peters’ opponent 
— the incumbent congress-
man in the reconfigured 52nd 
— Democrats needed a slugfest 
as much in the primary as in the 
general election (particularly 
when Speaker of the House John 
Boehner personally came to the 
wealthy enclave of Coronado to 
raise money for Brian Bilbray). 
Peters has immense wealth. And so 
he eked out the victory. 

Mayor Filner doesn’t vilify city 

employees. He can even work 
something out with them, which 
won’t impoverish new hires.

Disclosure of Qualcomm politi-
cal contributions was reported by 
U-T San Diego, but the news-
paper didn’t specify where the 
money went. Qualcomm contrib-
uted $2,500 to incumbent Susan 
Davis, a democrat, and $3,500 to 
incumbent Darryl Issa, a repub-
lican. $4,500 went to republican 
incumbent Duncan Hunter, and 
a paltry thou’ for Bilbray. The 
Republican National Committee’s 
haul was $10,000 (split between 
the House and the Senate versions 
of the committee). Friends of John 
Boehner took in $4,500. Boehner 
for Speaker, a separate group, took 
in $2,000 more.

Former Speaker of the House 
Nancy Pelosi’s share was $3,500. 
Feinstein, for Senate, received $2,500. 
Friends of Jay Rockefeller: $1,000. 

Comprehensive Pension Reform 
for San Diego got $30,000. Given 
the $2,000,000 Qualcomm founder 
Irwin Jacobs gave to pro-Obama 
Super PACs up to the time of 
the second inauguration, none 
of the above would appear star-
tling. Fletcher’s new position at 
Qualcomm doesn’t include lobbying.

 
— Richard Thompson

Alumnus ’83

Qualcomm Political Aid 
Not Disclosed by the U-T

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

email: opinion@ucsdguardian.org



14 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M A R C h  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Significant Studio Features:
50+ Classes Per Week - Plenty of Convenient Parking

Weekdays 5:30am to 10pm • Weekends 7:30am to 7pm
Full Ammenities Luxury Studio w/ Lockers & Private Showers

$10
Trial Week

Of Unlimited
HOT YOGA

  

$74
Monthly-

Unlimited Yoga 
Membership

w/6 Month Commitment

$39
Monthly- Limited 

Yoga Membership

ONLY

7 consecutive days,
enjoy as much yoga

as you want!

*First Time Local Students Only *Full Time College Students Only *Full Time College Students Only

Valid for unlimited classes
weekdays from 6am-3pm
All Drop-Ins are $10 outside

of qualified hours

Directly off UCSD Bus Loop @ I-5 and Nobel Drive Below Ralphs
www.solyogastudios.com  858.452.9642

Seeks fun, caring summer staff that reside in or 
near the San Fernando & Conejo Valleys 

Counselors, Lifeguards & Instructors for horses, arts & crafts, 
gym, nature, petting farm, rock climbing, and more! 

 Earn $3275-$3500+ for the summer 
888-784-CAMP 

 www.workatcamp.com

 Summer Day Camp 

nozomilajolla.com

Next to La Jolla Marriott
4150 Regents Park Row, Ste 190 - La Jolla, CA 92037

Best Happy Hour Deals in La Jolla

HAPPY
HOUR :

MON-FRI: 4:30-6:30pm
SATURDAY: 1-5pm

$1.95 SAKE BOMBS
$1 SAKE

30-50% OFF SELECTED ROLLS

Cars
2006 Mitsubishi Galant Special Edition Clean Title 
87K Mi Lthr MustSee - $8450 - Year: 2006 Make: 
Mitsubishi Model: Galant. Trim: Special Edition (SE) 
which includes, leather interior, color center infor-
mation display, upgraded sound system, 17 inch 
wheels, chrome exhaust, sport pedals, fog lights, 
spoiler lip. Color: Silver with Black interior. Mileage: 
87,500. VIN: 4A3AB36F26E077148. I can email CarFax 
report. No Accidents, Clean Title with CarFax report. 
Never had any mechanical issues and always ran 
problem free. Reliable car with good gas mileage, 
23 city/28 highway. Absolutely never smoked in, no 
kids or pets, no accident history. Car detailed, interior 
cleaned and carpets/mats have been shampooed. 
The Galant is extremely clean and always very well 
cared for, growing family prospects call for a change 
in cars! Serious Buyer Email. All maintenance com-
pleted (with records) on time, including: New Tires 
($550) with warranty, Timing Belt/Water Pump/
Seals replaced ($600), Coolant Replaced ($80), New 
Battery ($100), Recently put new brake pads and 
rotors ($150), oil change($20), new air filter ($15), 
new wipers ($15). Contact: Raj. Daytime Phone: 
310-923-6913. Evening Phone: 310-923-6913. E-Mail: 
ruv00@yahoo.com. Listing ID:  49887765  at ucsd-
guardian.org/classifieds for more information

2005 HONDA ODYSSEY EX-L - $13495 - Blue, show-
room condition, very well maintained and cared for, 
clean title. excellent financing for good credit, bad 
credit or really bad credit. please call daniel 619 253 
4204 for a 10 minute pre approval over the phone. 
tambien hablo espanol. financiamiento para toda 
clase de credito, buen credito, mal credito y muy mal 
credito Listing ID:  50286052 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

2007 ACURA RDX SH-AWD- $15995 - Gray, the exte-
rior has been well maintained and is in good condi-
tion. the condition of the interior is clean. you wont 
find any electrical problems with this vehicle. this 
vehicle has no known defects. there is not a door 
ding present on this vehicle. this vehicles engine is 
in perfect working condition. Listing ID:  50286048 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more information

Housing
ROOM FOR RENT - $950 - LARGE FURNISHED ROOM 
WITH BATH, AND SEPARATE ENTRANCE, IN LA JOLLA 
VIEW HOUSE. WALK TO SHORES BEACH. KITCHEN 
USE. ON BUS ROUTE. UTILITIES INCLUDED. PARKING 
ON DRIVEWAY. $950.00 A MONTH. CALL JANET AT 
858-456-0865. EMAIL JANHEY6@AOL.COM. Listing 
ID:  47650053 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

LOVELY ROOM AVAILABLE FOR RENT, IN  OUR 
COMFORTABLE HOME, IN   HIGHLY DESIRABLE 
LOCATION - $750 - seeking a long-term room-mate, 
and prefer quiet  students. clean, furnished room 
(desk, drawers,  full-sized bed, bookshelf, closet). 
utilities  included in rent (washer/dryer, decked-out 
kitchen, cable t.v. and internet). full bath with shelf 
space. relax in large, private, backyard, with BBQ and 
wonderful view of Mt Soledad, over-looking canyon. 
easy access to  to I-5 and 52 freeways, shopping cen-
ter (Sprouts/Starbucks). 10 minutes drive to UCSD. 
Please send a cover letter with information about 
yourself, to Ruthie, @russianruthie@hotmail.com 

Free Room for Handyman! San Diego, CA. We are 
looking for a Handyman to do work around our 
house in exchange for a free room. We are part time 
nudists so factor that in please. We will pay for all 
materials & tools. We just need someone with the 
skills & elbow grease. I’m disabled & my mate is 
older gent. We keep to ourselves. The house is big 
needs lots of TLC so living. Listing ID:  47527943 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more information

$350/month Costa Verde 1bd/1bath - Hi!! I’m looking 
for someone to replace me in a 1bed/1bath apart-
ment at Costa Verde. I decided to move in with my 
boyfriend so I’m looking for someone to move in 
as soon as possible. You will be sharing the living 
room with another girl (I know that sounds small 
and weird, but seriously the living room is spacious 
and we have a pretty curtain hanging to give you 
privacy)

One shared bathroom. The two sinks are separated 
from the toilet and shower, so you don’t have to 
worry about not being able to get ready in the 
morning if someone is showering. $350 for rent, not 
including utilities. There is still living room space that 
is shared. Built in washer and dryer. Not too far of a 
walk from the 1st Arriba bus stop & costa verde plaza 
(Ki sushi, McDonalds, gas station, subway, etc.). I will 
leave my bed there if you do not have one (but you 
would need sheets). Close to the gym and pool. The 
two girls (UCSD students) are really friendly and nice. 
Female preferred. Everything is relatively new since 
we have been living there for less than a year. Every 
close to parking & located on the first floor (conve-
nient for moving your stuff ). Listing ID: 50423964 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more information

Pets
Galecino Horse 7 years - $4900.00 - Galecino Horse, 
Breeder; Clayton Blood worth Texas. Color Sorrel. 
Age 7 year old. Foaled : March 1, 2006. Markings : 
flax Mane and Tale. White Star in Face. Cornet Band 
on Right front leg. Cornet Band on Left Hind Foot. No 
Scars or Brands. Bought through The Galiceno Horse 
association. in Texas, Silver. Has Cert of Registration. 
Has Handbook. Listing ID:  50292328 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Fully trained Malinos dog - 599.99 - Belgian 
Shepherd Malinois, Male, Medium, $599.00 NEG his 
name is KING. Listing ID: 49422693 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Pug Puppies - $450 - I have 2 male fawn pug pup-
pies. They are 8 weeks old and have their first set 
of puppy shots and are dewormed. They are very 
playful and loving. Call or text (619)799-0930. Listing 
ID:  49313663 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information NEW

NEW
ON SALE NOW!

ITEMS
NEW

LIBRARY WALK
10am-3pm

to.ucsd.edu
#triton



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M A R C h  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  15

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Undergrads - To pick up your vouchers,  
have your student ID card and go to Extension 
Student Services Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical students - please  
contact OGSR and the School of Medicine for  
their complimentary vouchers.

Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
UCSD Student Grant Program 
(formerly known as Complimentary Enrollment)

Spring Quarter 2013 Dates:  March 4 - 8, 2013
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)
 

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* Intermediate Piano * Photography: 
Images and Techniques * Improv 101 
* FOREIGN LANGUAGES * Spanish to 
English Translation * Portuguese for 
Communication I * HUMANITIES & 
WRITING * Creative Writing I * Copyediting I 
* Modern American Poetry * DIGITAL ARTS 

* Digital Media * Music Video Production 
Workshop * Dreamweaver I * BUSINESS * 
Project Management Essentials * Resume 
Building *  Financial Decision Making * 
Global Marketing * PUBLIC SERVICE & 
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY * Introduction 
to Sustainability * Energy Management 
Solutions * Corporate Social Responsibility 

* LIFE SCIENCES * Cell and Molecular 
Biology * Biostatistics * Drug  Metabolism 
* INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY * Web 
Publishing I * Concepts in Healthcare 
IT * Mobile Device Programming * 
HEALTHCARE, BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES 
* Basic Medical Coding * Medical 
Terminology * The Physiology of Exercise *

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.

The buses rolled out at 7:30 a.m. 
last Saturday as the UCSD Track 
and Field team headed to the All-
University of California meet at UC 
Irvine’s Anteater Stadium. Both gen-
ders finished second to UC Santa 
Barbara, beating Irvine and Riverside 
along the way. 

“We competed well today against 
some pretty good Division I pro-
grams,” UCSD Men’s head coach 
Tony Salerno said to the UCSD 
Athletics Department. “Things are 
definitely coming together for us as 
we look ahead to the Cal-Nevada 
and CCAA Championship meets in 
the weeks ahead.” 

Senior Zack Nagengast led the 
Tritons in the throwing component. 
Nagengast won the discus event with 
a 154’ mark despite toe-fouling his 
best throw of the day. Nagengast also 
took fourth in the shot put and sec-
ond in the hammer throw at 174’2”.

The best hammer throw of the 
day belonged to senior A.B. Shaheen, 
serving up a 187’7” shot to take home 
the win. The mark breaks Shaheen’s 
own Lebanese national record in the 
event, previously set two years ago. 

“I need to get over sixty meters 
(197’) so I can compete in European 
meets after I graduate, but it just feels 
so good to finally set a new personal 
best,” Shaheen said. “I also only need 
a few inches to edge past Fred Cook 
on the all-time list!”

Cook was the Triton’s MVP of 
the CCAA meet in 2010, taking the 
podium in shot put, discus and ham-
mer. 

Sophomore Nash Howe and 
senior Kiley Libuit took two-three 
in the javelin, senior Ryan Eckert 
finished second in the shot put, and 
freshman Jeffrey Shu set a new per-
sonal best in the discus at 123’.

Juniors Ben Berthet and Clint 
Rosser finished third and fourth 
in the pole vault, reaching NCAA 
Provisional national qualifiers at 
15’5.” Both pole vaulters are limited 
at the moment by short poles, and 
will be moving up to longer poles 
and larger clearances for NCAA 
Championship berths in the coming 
weeks.

On the track, Keith Rose won the 
200m at 21.86, and finished second 
in the 100m at 10.79. Rose is on 
track to break the school records in 
both events with such a good early 
season start.

On the runway, senior Quentin 
McWhorter won the triple jump at 
45’0.5”, and sophomore Kyle Chiu 
pulled his hamstring.

Freshman Kevin Chiao broke 
into the UCSD top-ten all-time list 
with his 15.15 performance in the 
high hurdles. Standing just 5’3”, fac-
ing a high hurdle of 3’6”, expect big 
things from this freshman in future 
meets.

Sophomore Sabrina Pimentel led 
the Tritons on the women’s side, set-

ting a blistering pace in the 800m 
of 2:13.05. This NCAA Provisional 
qualifier sets her up nicely to go back 
to her hometown of Pueblo, Colo. 
for the NCAA Championships later 
this June.

Other standouts were fresh-
men Meghan Benham and Sydney 
Blakeley, who finished with clear-
ances at 11’5.75” in the pole vault, 
good enough for first and second 
place, respectively.

Over in the sand pits, junior 
Chantia Justice and freshman Kristin 
Sato tied for second in the triple 
jump with the mark of 37’6.75”.

On the track, senior Chelsey 
Kamson and freshman Amy Heins 
lit up the track in the 200m. Kamson 
and Heins went one-two with the 
times of 25.63 and 25.87.

Perhaps the best overall perfor-
mance of the day came from senior 
Jessica Miklaski in the women’s jav-
elin throw. Her spear was just 2” 
shy of her personal best from the 
previous week, beating the field by 
more than ten feet at 143’2”. An 
All-American in the event two years 
ago, the senior spear chucker has the 
UCSD school record and a Division 
II National Title in her sights.

Watch the Tritons this Saturday, 
March 9 as they host all the San 
Diego colleges at their San Diego 
City Meet at Spanos Stadium. 

readers can contact
NICK HOWE   NHOWE@ucsd.edu 

TRACK  AND   FIELD

UCSD Sets 
Pace at All-UC
Triton Track and Field took second place at the 
All-UC Meet on Saturday, March 2.

BY  N ICK HOWE stAFF WRITER

AlwIN SzeTo/Guardian File

beATRIz bAjUeloS /Guardian



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
16 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M A R C h  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

WOMEN'S  BASKETBALL

The old coach’s adage that even tournament contests are just another game in the scope of a season did not ring true in second-
seed UCSD’s first-round match against seventh-
seed Cal State San Bernardino.

Last Tuesday, March 5, UCSD head coach 
Heidi VanDerveer kept senior guards and All-
CCAA first-team selections Daisy Feder and 
Emily Osga on the court for the entirety of the 
first half and only brought the pair off once the 
win was secured late in the second period. By the 
end of the 40 minutes, UCSD came off the court 
with a 55–46 win, a score that wasn’t indicative of 
how close the game really was.

Osga and Feder — UCSD’s leading scorers 
in 19 of the Tritons’ 23 contests — struggled at 
the start. Osga, the conference’s leader in field 
goal percentage and three-point percentage, was 
1-for-5 in the first 10 minutes. San Bernardino’s 
run-and-gun style only fatigued Feder, who 
seemed to be overreaching to compensate for the 
Triton bench.

“For a lot of people [on the team], it was their 
first time stepping into significant roles, and so I 
think the first round of CCAAs was a big stage — 
even for me, I was a little nervous,” Feder said. “We 

just came out in the second half and wanted it and 
knew that we were the better team and doing what 
we needed to do.”

Whatever VanDerveer said over the break 
worked. UCSD went on a 6–0 run to start the sec-
ond half and led by as many as 17 points with 6:25 
remaining. Granted, much of UCSD’s improve-
ment can be traced back to the individual efforts of 
Feder and junior forward Erin Dautremont. Feder 
picked up 10 of her 14 rebounds and 12 points in 
the second period. Dautremont — also a CCAA 
first-team selection — went 3-for-4 from the field 
for eight points in the second half.

Once UCSD was able to dictate tempo, and 
once the Tritons reined in play from Coyote shoot-
ers Alexcia Mack and Eliza Dy, UCSD had no 
problem maintaining the lead in the second half.

“It was important for us to come out and make 
a statement,” Feder said. “We definitely didn’t play 
our best basketball tonight, and there’s definitely 
a lot of things we did wrong, but we’re going to 
take this into Friday and hopefully learn from our 
mistakes and be even better Friday.”

The Tritons will advance to the semifinal 
round this Friday, March 8 at the Citizens Business 
Bank Arena in Ontario, Calif. The Tritons will face 

third-seed Cal State Monterey Bay, the 2010–2011 
and 2011–2012 CCAA tournament champions. 
UCSD took the Otters down twice in regular sea-
son play, but Monterey Bay has a history of over-
performing in playoff settings. 

“I’m glad that we made it to Friday, and we’ve 
never made it to a conference tournament, so 
I think it’s something that we’re really hungry 
for,” Feder said. “Hopefully, we’ll come out and 
play hard.”

Unlike last season, when the No. 2 Tritons 
went into the conference tournament guaranteed 
a spot at the NCAA Division II West Regionals, 
UCSD may very well need a win in the semifinal 
round to secure a place in the national tourna-
ment. Currently, the Tritons are ranked No. 6 in 
the West. No. 3 Chico State and No. 4 Cal State 
Monterey Bay are the only two other CCAA teams 
included in the regional rankings.

The winners of the CCAA, Great Northwest 
Athletic Conference and Pacific West Conference 
tournaments will all earn automatic bids to the 
NCAA tournament.

Round Two
The UCSD women’s basketball team returns to the CCAA tournament semifinals 
after taking a 66–54 win against Cal State San Bernardino last Tuesday, March 5.

BY RACH EL  U DA    SPORTS EDITOR

phoToS bY NolAN ThoMAS/Guardian File

GAME SCHEDULE

readers can contact
RACHEL UDA     RUDA@ucsd.edu 

MARCH 9

M
AR

CH
 8

M
ARCH 8

No. 3  CSU  MONTEREY

no. 2  ucsdno. 1  chico  state

no. 4  cal  state  l.a.


	030713NewsNEW
	030713OPINION
	030713WEEKEND
	030713TRAVEL
	030713WEEKEND
	030713WEEKEND
	030713OPINION
	030713_Classifieds_PG14
	030713SPORTS

