
UCSD’s first on-campus beau-
ty salon had its grand opening on 
Tuesday, Jan. 29 on the second floor 
of Price Center East next to Zanzibar 
Cafe and The Loft. The opening for the 
new venue, Salon 101, lasted from 11 
a.m. to 4 p.m., with about 700 visitors 
throughout the day. 

“We were very busy and crowded 
today,” Salon 101 owner Claude Azar 
said. “It was a really good turnout.”

The opening provided a chance 
for students, faculty, and staff to walk 

around and tour the salon, as well 
as meet Azar and her staff of stylists. 
Salon services were available begin-
ning the next day, Wednesday, Jan. 30.

In celebration of the grand open-
ing, those visiting the salon had the 
opportunity to enter a raffle to win a 
variety of hair, skin, and nail products.

Students and staff who signed up 
for an appointment during the open-
ing were given 20 percent off of ser-
vices as well as two-ounce samples of 
hair products. The salon hired models 

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 28                                                                                                         www.UcSdgUardIan.OrgTHUrSdaY, JanUarY 31, 2013

My  Fai r  Lady Ma ki n G a spLash Th e a r r i ba spr i n G 
pygmalion  shines  at  Old   Globe Water  polo  3-1   at  UCsbpay  up  or  fight  back
Weekend , page   6 spOrTs,   page  12Opinion,  page  4

ObiTUary

A UCSD 
graduate stu-
dent was killed 
in a car acci-
dent over break 
when her truck 
flipped over on 
an interstate 
highway Dec. 
20.   Kathryn 

“Katie” Osterday, 
a doctoral can-
didate and 

researcher at UCSD, was 26 years old 
and had been both an undergraduate 
and graduate student at UCSD over 
the past seven years. 

According to her boyfriend, UCSD 
Associate Director of Recreation 
Classes-Aquatics Clayton Claiborn, he 
and Osterday were driving to Texas 
for the holidays when she swerved 
sharply to avoid a piece of metal in the 
roadway and the truck flipped across 
the median, crushing the driver’s side 
of the vehicle.

“She died instantly and did not 
suffer,” Claiborn said. “We were being 
as safe as we could be—there was no 
mistake made, yet it still happened. I 
think it shows how fragile life is and 
how quickly a freak accident can occur 
and change lives forever.”

Osterday was born in Placerville, 
Calif., and came to UCSD as an 
undergraduate after studying at San 
Diego City College and San Diego 
State University. After completing her 
undergraduate studies in the phys-
ics department, Osterday continued 
her education at UCSD, receiving her 
master’s degree and becoming a doc-
toral candidate in aeronautical and 
mechanical engineering.

As a doctoral student, Osterday 
studied and conducted research in 
bioengineering and the microrheol-
ogy of eukaryotic cytoplasm. She was 
a Jacobs Fellow, researching under 
advisor Juan Carlos del Alamo and 
mentor Juan Lasheras. Earlier this 
year, she won the prestigious National 
Science Foundation fellowship and 
won the “Mechanical and Aerospace 
Engineering Best Poster” at the 2012 
Jacobs School of Engineering Research 
Expo. She was also a volunteer for the 
“Expanding Your Horizons” network, 
an annual conference aimed at moti-
vating women in science and math-
ematics.

“We lost a valued member of the 
MAE community. Katie Osterday was 
an excellent student, and we will miss 
her,” Department of Mechanical and 

Graduate
Student 
Killed in 
Accident

by  M ekala  n eelakantan  ASsociate news editor

Katie Osterday, a Ph. D. 
student who also attended 
UCSD for undergraduate 
studies, was 26.

UCSD students board a campus-bound Arriba line shuttle at the Palmilla stop Jan 30. Many students have joined a Facebook campaign protesting UCSD Transportation and Parking Services’ decision to 
transfer authority over the Arriba and Nobel lines to San Diego MTS as well as an impending increase of  parking prices on campus.

B
r

Ia
n

 M
O

n
r

O
E

 /
G

u
a

r
d

ia
n

Protest on the Horizon
Unpopular changes announced last week have sparked student unrest. 

UCSD students are protesting changes to school-provided trans-portation options following a recent Transportation Services announcement that parking prices will increase and that several 
shuttle lines, including the popular Nobel and Arriba routes, will be discon-
tinued for the 2013–2014 school year.

The changes include higher prices for student parking permits and the 
elimination of the Free Bus Zone sticker. TPS is also integrating the Arriba/
Nobel shuttles into the MTS system, as previously reported in the Jan. 24 
issue of the Guardian.

In response to Transportation Services’ referendum, a coalition of 
students launched Project Sumo, an initiative that coordinates communica-
tion between students through a website—ProjectSumo.com—in order to 
organize a protest in the near future.

A representative of Project Sumo, Devarsh Desnaiger, calls the group a 
decentralized effort that encompasses the interests of both commuters and 
students who live on campus.

“Project Sumo is fairly straightforward,” he said. “Stop these new, ridicu-

lous policies from being passed over our heads by collectively standing up 
for it.”

A.S. Council Campuswide Senator Caeser Feng also supports Project 
Sumo as a unified stand against Transportation Services’ new policies. 

“The goal is to have everyone on board to raise more awareness towards 
the fee increases, the parking policies, and the insufficient student feedback 
that was garnered before making these decisions,” Feng said. “Transparency 
and transportation are huge issues on this campus, and this should be a 
priority.”

Another student-run effort is a new Facebook group, called UCSD 
Students Against Transportation Changes, which has garnered over 5,000 
members. The page includes dozens of posts from students offering their 
solutions, as well as a poll whose results show that students favor eliminat-
ing additional transportation fees to students completely.

UCSD shuttle driver Dane Kawika Ferrari-Esias posted his own per-

UniversiTy CenTers

Salon 101 Holds Grand 
Opening Celebration  

by aleksan dra  konstanti novic  Staff writer

by  sarah  Moon  Staff Writer

See protest, page 3

See grad, page 3 See salon, page 3

kathryn osterday
pHOTO cOUrTESY Of 

OSTErdaY faMILY

TranspOrTaTiOn

B
r

Ia
n

 M
O

n
r

O
E

 /
G

u
a

r
d

ia
n



UCSD researchers have discovered 
one of the reasons for organ failure. 
Their research on the effects of 
pancreatic digestive enzymes on 
patients in shock was published in 
the Science Translational Medicine 
journal on Jan. 23. 

Dr. Geert W. Schmid-Schoenbein, 
who has been involved in this 
research for over 25 years, led 
the team in the Department of 
Bioengineering at UCSD’s Jacobs 
School of Engineering. Other authors 
include David B. Hoyt and Frank 
DeLano, with contributions made by 
several other UCSD researchers and 
graduates.

The research conducted 
focused on the digestive enzymes 
that underwent a process called 
autodigestion and the negative effects 
that the process has on patients in 
shock. Autodigestion results in 
damage to the intestine as well as 
other organs, which can lead to 
multi-organ failure and death.

The mucosal barrier in the 
intestine generally prevents the 
digestive enzymes from leaving the 
intestine. However, problems arise in 
severely ill patients — such as those 
in shock — because their mucosal 
barrier breaks down, allowing 
the enzymes to escape and begin 
autodigestion.

This research suggests that 
blocking digestive enzymes through 
intravenous infusion may stop 
autodigestion and save the lives of 
patients. 

Intravenous infusion is the 
process of administering a solution 
through an infusion set, a bag or 
bottle containing the solution that 
enters a patient through tubing 
connected to a catheter or needle 
in the patient’s vein. The research 
also called attention to the fact that 
there are factors other than bacterial 
infections that lead to death. Bacterial 
products, such as endotoxins, cause 
the breakdown of the mucosal barrier.

“We show that the intervention 
reduces organ injury and death 

rate in several experimental forms 
of shock,” Schmid-Schoenbein 
said. “The temporary blockade of 
digestion was actually tried in a very 
sick patient the first time in 2010, for 
whom the physicians had exhausted 
all other options. This patient is alive 
and well today.”

The researchers started out by 
examining blood, bacteria and 
bacterial products, and other markers 
for inflammation. They discovered, 
through a bioengineering analysis of 
the sequence of events that cause 
organ damage during shock, that 
none of the factors they examined 
was the main cause of organ failure, 
since inflammation remained after 
the factors were taken away. 

The researchers then looked to see 
which organ became inflamed first 
and discovered it was the pancreas. 
They already knew that the pancreas 
synthesizes digestive enzymes, and 
they found the intestines also had a 
lot of inflammation only when those 
digestive enzymes were present, 
which made it clear that the digestive 

enzymes “play a central role in shock.”
“Most clinicians and surgeons 

are surprised, interested, but also 
skeptical,” Schmid-Schoenbein said. 
“This is not surprising, since not 
a single intervention against organ 
failure in shock patients has been 
approved, in spite of clinical trials.” 

2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 31,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

WE’RE COOL! FOLLOW US!
@UCSDGuardian

Fleeting thoughts By Irene Chiang

Quite Frankly By Lior Schenk

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Arriba Derci.      

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Christina Doo

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising 
Noelle Batema, Vivek Medepalli
Advertising Design & Layout 

Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Leo Bui, Sara Shroyer, Bobee Kim

Zoe McCracken, Rebecca Han

arielle Sallai

Madeline Mann
ren Ebel

Zev Hurwitz

rebecca Horwitz
Mekala neelakantan

Hilary Lee

rachel Uda

ayan Kusari

Stacey chien

Laira Martin

ashley Kwon

Jacey aldredge
andrew whitworth

Brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Leo Bui

Sara Shroyer

Jeffrey Lau

Janella payumo

allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

editor in Chief

Managing editors

news editor

associate news editor

opinion editor

sports editor

Features editor

associate Features editor

lifestyle editor

associate lifestyle editor

associate a&e editor

photo editor

associate photo editor

design editor

associate design editor

art editor

associate art editor

Copy editor

associate Copy editor

Editorial Assistants
Cedric Eicher, Jean Lee, Sebastian Brady

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Rachel Huang, Beca TruongDigestive Enzymes Cause Organ Failure

sCienCe  &  TeChnOLOGy

readers can contact
h elen h ej ran     hhejran@ucsd.edu 

by  h elen   h ej ran  Contributing writer

IL
LU

S
Tr

aT
IO

n
 B

Y
 J

E
ff

r
E

Y
 L

a
U

 /
G

u
a

r
d

ia
n



Yesterday’s A.S. Council meeting 
began with a curious presentation 
from two gentlemen in fabulous 
bow ties. One made-on-a-Mac 
video later, it became apparent that 
they were inviting council members 
to a toga party. Classy indeed.

VP Student Life Cody Marshall 
kept the comedy 
ball rolling 
during reports 
of members with 
a reminder that 
council’s team-
building event is happening this 
weekend.

“I saw this show where people 
went on a hike, and it totally 
changed their lives,” he said. 
“There’s nothing like a near-
death experience to bring people 
together.”

On a sobering note, A.S. 
President Meggie Le reminded 
council that her office would 
be sending out a survey to 
identify students’ priorities in the 
transportation debate. She asserted 
that this is an issue that A.S. 
Council will be remembered for.

And just in case Tritons thought 
that new transportation fees were 
the only price hikes headed their 
way, VC Student Affairs Penny Rue 
had some wallet-shriveling news. 
Due to what can only be described 
as administrative optimism, 
undergraduate health insurance 
was originally created with a rich 
slate of benefits at too low of a 
cost. And because undergrads are 
fragile creatures who fear fresh air 
and sunshine, the Vice Chancellors 
will be raising prices in order to 
maintain SHIP.

When pressed to comment 
on UCSD’s budget in general, 
Rue reminded council that Prop 

30 would not change California’s 
budget crisis overnight.

“The state walked away from 
higher education,” she said. “We 
didn’t push it away.”

Rue did stress that a flurry of 
changes on campus made this an 
exciting time to be at UCSD. She 

also praised 
Chancellor 
Khosla for 
keeping 
students’ college 
experiences at the 

forefront of his priorities.
AVP Enterprise Operations 

Brian McEuen and A.S. Senator 
Irene Chang continued special 
presentations with a model of 
Triton Outfitters’ plan to adopt 
The Factory — a campus screen-
printing organization made defunct 
by the closure of the Crafts Center. 
To support UCSD’s shuttles during 
the transportation crisis, Triton 
Outfitters designed a t-shirt with 
the slogan, “Everyday I’m Shuttlin’.”

Council finally turned to their 
previously tabled discussion of 
changing UCSD’s election code to 
separate college and campus-wide 
slates.

A primary concern last night 
was the benefits of immediacy 
versus the imperative of 
transparency.

ERC Senator Travis Miller, 
who supports the spirit of the 
legislation, worried that college 
councils were not given enough 
time to respond, and that A.S. 
Council was risking transparency 
by voting on the amendment 
that night. Five out of six college 
councils had already expressed 
enthusiasm for the change, with 
Travis’ ERC council as the final 
holdout. 

to come in to receive sample salon 
treatments, such as blowouts, haircuts 
and nail paintings to showcase the tal-
ent of the stylists.

“It exceeded my expectations,” Earl 
Warren College student Robert Calpito 
said as he toured the facility.”It looks 
high-end but offers affordable prices 
for its services.” 

Salon 101 is a full-service salon 
that offers hair, nail, and skin services 

for women and men such as haircuts, 
blowouts, facials, highlights and col-
oring, trims, waxing, manicures and 
pedicures. Prices range from $12 for a 
manicure to $40 for women’s haircuts 
to $85 for a full highlight.  Operating 
hours are Monday through Saturday 
from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

“We strive to give [students, faculty, 
and staff] the best because when you 
look good, you feel good,” Azar said.

The salon is owned by Claude 
Azar and her husband, Tony Azar. The 

couple also owns “Salon de Claude”, 
another full-service salon in San 
Diego. Salon 101 serves as an expan-
sion of “Salon de Claude”. Aside from 
its normal business schedule, Salon 
101 has two upcoming events planned, 
including a complimentary cuts event 
for the charity “Locks of Love,” which 
will take place on Mar. 7.

Aerospace Engineering Chair Sutanu 
Sarkar said. 

“As a very efficient engineer, she 
optimized the joy in her life,” fellow 
grad student Viktoria Gisladottir said.

According to Osterday’s friends, 
some of her hobbies and interests 
included surfing, Acro-yoga, discov-
ering new music and watching the 
sunset; last year, she paraglided over 
San Diego dressed as Superwoman. 
Osterday was also an experienced 
equestrian, environmentalist and pho-
tographer. 

“She really knew how to enjoy 
things, and she just enjoyed the world 
like it was,” close friend David Alonso 
Barajas-Solano said. “She decided that 
she was just going to fall in love with 
life … there was a magical, whimsical 
aspect of living life with Katie.” 

Osterday is survived by her par-
ents, Rosi and Kelly Osterday, her 
brother Sean, her sister Avalon, her 
boyfriend, her grandparents and 
numerous other friends and relatives.

“Katie is the sweetest, most intel-
ligent and talented woman I have ever 
met. She wanted to change the world 
to make it a better place, and liter-

ally had the plan and capability to 
do it. And even though she has left 
this world so soon, for all those who 
will continue on to ‘live like Katie,’ I 
believe she successfully did just that,” 
Claiborn said. 

 The “Celebration of Katie’s Life,” 
arranged by her family and close 
friends, will be held on Saturday, 
March 2, in UCSD’s Structural and 
Materials Engineering Building, with 
a sunset ceremony at the Scripps Pier 
to follow. 

spective on the issue on the Facebook 
page. 

“Why are we paying more to sub-
sidize MTS when we have the infra-
structure, staff, and equipment to do 
it much more cheaply and efficiently,” 
he wrote. “The mismanagement and 
appropriation of funds at TPS is an 
atrocity, to say the least. But there isn’t 
one person in the entire university who 
wants to call it out.”

Current students lamented the loss 

of the shuttles and suggested plans that 
include everything from adding more 
“S” spots to expanding on-campus 
bike paths.   One student posted that 
Transportation Services’ changes will 
make it more difficult to live on and off 
campus and be part of the community.

Others noted the unity of the 
group, and the surge of student activ-
ism following this issue.

“Everyone who commutes to 
school actually has a stake in this issue, 
unlike most things that only directly 
affect a small group of people within 

our community,” one student wrote.
According to the Facebook group, 

A.S. President Meggie Le will meet 
with Vice Chancellor of Resource 
Management & Planning Gary 
Matthews to give him the group’s peti-
tion. Le is still working on an alterna-
tive to Transportation Services’ plan 
with 2012 graduate Adam Powers, who 
formerly served on the Transportation 
Policy Committee.

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |   THURSDAY, JANUARY 31,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG 3

iLead provides students the flexibility to choose workshop sessions 
on various comunication and leadership topics that align with your individual 
interests and schedule!

Follow us on Twier!
@ucsdCommLead
#iLeadUCSD

Monday, February 4th
6-7 PM
Earl Warren College Room,
PC West

Want to know YOUR personality style?
Participate in this workshop to: Learn group dynamics

Understand your communication style!

Presented by Rosa Khou & Duncan Mcclure, CSI-Communication and Leadership

Gain SELF-AWARENESS

True Colors

For more info: students.ucsd.edu/go/iLead or come to CSI Office, Level 3, Price Center East

How to Participate: 1)Attend iLead workshops and 
earn stamps 2) Collect 10 stamps to complete the 
program 3) Submit your card and reflection to CSI-CCL

On-Campus Memorial for Graduate Student Planned For March

Salon 101 Will Be Open for Business Six Days a Week

▶ grad, from page 1

▶ salon, from page 1

readers can contact
aleksan dra  konstanti novic    alkonsta@ucsd.edu 

A.S. Pres. Working on Solutions to Prices, Parking Availability
▶ protest, from page 1

readers can contact

readers can contact

m ekala  n eelakantan
 mneeelaka@ucsd.edu 

sarah  moon    smoon@ucsd.edu 

“Shuttlin’” Shirts, Higher 
SHIP fees at Council Meeting

aleksandra  konstantinovic 
AkonStA@ucsd.edu

new  business



4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

OPINION contact the editorhilary leeopinion@ucsdguardian.org

Filling Out Campus Survey is Advantageous for Students
To the thumb-twiddling cynic 

who wishes for change yet wallows 
in self-defeat with questions of 
“What difference does it make?” — 
your time is now. The UC Campus 
Climate Survey — open since Jan. 
22 and available until the end of 
February — offers a simple chance 
for you to put your money where 
your mouth is when it comes to 
enriching your social experience 
at UCSD. Not to mention there are 
plenty of added perks. 

According to the survey’s official 
website, the goal of the project is to 
create a social atmosphere on cam-
pus that is “free of the negativity 
of discrimination, where inclusion 

and respect for diversity is the daily 
norm.” All 10 UC campuses will 
participate in the survey in addition 
to the UC Office of the President, 
the department of agriculture and 
natural resources and the Lawrence 
Berkeley National Laboratory.

The survey itself takes a breezy 
20 minutes (tops) to complete, with 
questions that focus primarily on 
issues of racial, religious and sexual 
discrimination on campus. The 
questions themselves are refreshing-
ly devoid of the noncommittal “yes, 
no, undecided” format of many 
similar surveys — each one is tai-
lored to yield the most constructive 
student-generated data possible. 

The Advisory Council on Campus 
Climate, Culture and Inclusion will 
then compile and analyze this data 
in order to begin making various 
administrative changes that might 
best accommodate the specific 
needs of a modern social body. 

But if sheer good will and opti-
mism isn’t enough of a reason to 
knock out the UC Campus Climate 
Survey, the survey’s glorious line 
of incentives should easily be. All 
students who complete the survey 
will be automatically entered in a 
drawing to win prizes that include 
things from a $75 UCSD Bookstore 
gift card to an iPad to one $10,000 
undergraduate scholarship. 

While these prizes are certainly 
an added incentive, they do risk 
undermining the survey’s serious 
purpose. Just as students should 
take responsibility in voicing their 
concerns, UCSD should also be 
held accountable for having stu-
dents participate in the survey as 
well other similar projects that 
might foster a healthier campus 
climate. 

But aside from sheer apathy, 
students really have no excuse not 
to fill out the survey — the mere 20 
minutes spent could easily contrib-
ute to a positive future for the UC 
or, at the very least, a free lunch at 
Zanzibar.

UCSD is an isolated beast. Half of the campus faces plunging cliffs; the other 
half is surrounded by eucalyptus 
groves. The roads that lead to school 
are long, there are virtually no bike 
lanes, and most students live at least a 
mile away — far from the few luxury 
condos and mansions that line the 
perimeter of Campus Loop. In 
essence, getting to class is no simple 
task without a motor, a fact made all 
the more apparent by the news that 
the free Cityshuttle routes — includ-
ing the Arriba shuttle and the Nobel 
shuttle — will be absorbed by the San 
Diego Metropolitan Transit System 
SuperLoop service beginning this 
summer.

What’s more, the free Bus Zone 
program will be replaced with a 
new user fee-based system. In other 
words, for the 2013–2014 school year, 
students will either have to pay $36 
per month (and $41 per month the 
following year) for the bus, or $670 
per year for an “S” spot parking per-
mit in order to get to campus. 

Now, that’s a big increase from 
“free.” 

In response to these changes, a 
coalition of students created Project 
Sumo — and an accompanying 
website, ProjectSumo.com — to 
coordinate communication between 
students and organize a protest. 
Over 5,000 students have also come 

together on a new Facebook group 
called “UCSD Students Against 
Transportation Changes.” The page 
includes dozens of posts from stu-
dents offering their own ideas for a 
solution, as well as the results of a 
poll that favor eliminating additional 
transportation fees to students com-
pletely. 

One of the most active and 
invaluable members of the group is 
A.S. President Meggie Le, who has 
been answering questions and work-
ing on a petition and an alternative 
to UCSD Transportation Services’ 
plan with 2012 graduate Adam 
Powers, who formerly served on the 
Transportation Policy Committee. 
The president has kept her cool 
among severely angry and confused 
students, and for that, we are really 
impressed.

But the outrage is 100 percent 
understandable, because the gist of 
the problem with these changes is 
simple: UCSD is a uniquely and ter-
ribly designed school. It is continu-
ously expanding in size and enroll-
ment, yet we aren’t making accom-
modations for an increase in parking 
needs. The new Village housing, for 
example, has brought many older 
students (who are more likely to have 
cars) to campus, but it doesn’t even 
have a small lot to call its own. Not 
to mention the summertime decision 
to tape off the free parking across 

from the Salk Institute at the Torrey 
Pines Gliderport, which forced many 
students who parked there to give 
in, buy parking permits and join the 
ranks of students screaming to them-
selves in their cars while they drive 
up and down the aisles in Muir. So 
by limiting access to public transit, 
we are making the university an even 
more unappealing institution, espe-
cially to low-income students who 
can’t afford cars, parking passes or 
even a monthly bus pass.

Currently, in addition to the 
extensive complimentary shuttles 
offered by Transportation Services, 
the gold foil sticker on every ID card 
lands students free rides on select 
MTS routes, such as the 201/202, 30 
and 41. Both services are extremely 
popular, especially the Arriba and 
Nobel Cityshuttles, which frequently 
have to skip stops after reaching 
maximum occupancy, despite the 
fact that they run virtually every 10 
minutes (sometimes even more fre-
quently).

We are then left with many 
questions: Can MTS truly pick up 
the slack from Arriba and Nobel, 
and will they be able to keep the 
SuperLoop running until midnight? 
Will paying for buses discourage stu-
dents from taking them, increasing 
the demand for parking even more? 

editorials

Driving Us Mad

See BusEs, page 9

Arielle Sallai
Editor in ChiEf

ren Ebel
Madeline Mann

MAnAging EditorS

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Zev hurwitz
nEwS Editor

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San diego. Contents © 

2012. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of regents, the aSUCSd or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

i llustrati on   by j essi ca Ch ee

Although an accumulated deficit means that cuts to buses must be made, 
the widespread student backlash in the past week means that UCSD 

Transportation Services should consider other options — even if that 
means posing a fee referendum.  

Everyone 
Just Wants 
A Little
Recognition

Kelvi n  Noron ha  
knoronha@ucsd.edu

thinking Caps

According to the Ralph Lauren website, their clothes are a fusion of “classic, iconic 
spirit” and “reinvented personality.” 
When I flipped through their catalog, 
though, I saw that this fancy person-
ality seemed to be bright new colors 
and traditional tweedy “Skyfall”-like 
jackets that could have come from the 
1960s. Many of the items there would 
have probably gained appreciative 
nostalgic comments from my grand-
father. I started to wonder what it was 
about familiar styles and ideas that 
make us so inclined to want them. As 
it is with most seemingly inexplicable 
things, the reason behind this col-
lision of vintage and visionary lies 
partly in science. 

UCSD’s own Dr. V. S. 
Ramachandran has attributed some 
of the appeal of art and aesthetics to 
“perceptual problem solving” — how 
we internally rejoice at being able to 
recognize something hidden away 
in a work of art. We find abstract art 
more jarring than, say, a picture of 
the Grand Canyon, unless we can eas-
ily decipher an underlying meaning. 
Similarly, listening to music becomes 
more gratifying if we’ve heard and can 
recognize some of the tonal patterns. 
So what various clothiers aim to do 
is to present us with fresh designs 
still inspired by the vintage styles that 
periodically make their comebacks. 
While fedoras and trilbys are essen-
tially passé, everything from slim ties 
and cardigans to the Tron-inspired 
neons of the 1980s is making a come-
back. Magazine editors worldwide 
easily detect those hints of mid-cen-
tury influence amidst the new tailor-
ings and revisions and are so pleased 
by the memories of past couture that 
they urge us to go out and buy it. 

Why? For a start, progress is 
eternally alluring. Innovation and 
forward thinking are, according to 
psychologist Jennifer Baumgartner, 
“neuronally stimulating,” which is 
why they are buzzwords for compa-
nies from Mercedes-Benz to Lysol. 
Breaking free of our routines and 
seeing things that are new makes us 
happy. But if something is too origi-
nal, it lacks the aspects of familiarity 
that we crave. There has to be a
balance between innovation and 
tradition. 

This is where our sappy nostalgic 
side kicks in. To me, tradition always 
brings to mind stuffy 18th century 
magistrates sauntering about. But 
apart from the brain’s mechanisms 
of pattern recognition, our love for 
tradition really reflects a golden-age 
mentality in us — a willingness to 
adhere to the ideas that governed the 
past. The reason the White House 
has stood as is for nearly two hun-
dred years is the same as that behind 
the enduring success of those green 
tweed sport coats — we appreciate 
the years of classic history behind 
them. Tradition reflects the familiar, 
the comfortable, and we are innately 
drawn to it. 

So whether it’s the artfully faded 
Rolling Stones t-shirts or the crisp 
Buddy Holly look of modern hipster-
dom, a good portion of the popula-
tion will succumb to their chronologi-
cally confused instincts and spring for 
the items that successfully blend the 
past and present. I, on the other hand, 
will stick to last summer’s vibrant 
colors. After all, who ever said that 
seven-month-old shirts weren’t retro?



Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts   &   Entertainment   Editor:   entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle   Editor:   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Real Estate side project 
cleans up without 
spoiling the fun. 

PAgE 8

Hansel and Gretel 
get their sweet, sweet 
revenge.

PAgE 6

The four 
best hiking 
spots in SD.

PAgE 7

music FiLm  &  tv WELLnEss

The Waiting Game
BY  jacey  aldredge associate a&E Editor    



6   THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 31,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG Arts & EntErtAinmEnt

robert Sean Leonard is no strang-er to research. Robin Williams taught him a thing or two about 
it in 1989’s “Dead Poets Society.” 
And then, of course, there are the 
eight seasons worth of his role as 
oncologist Dr. Wilson, Hugh Laurie's 
beloved and sensible on-and-off best 
friend from “House.” With this track 
record, it should come as no surprise 
that Leonard’s return to the Old 
Globe Theatre ("King Lear” in 1993 
was his first time on this stage) is as 
Professor Henry Higgins in George 
Bernard Shaw’s “Pygmalion,” an 
experimenting linguist determined 
to transform a spitfire simpleton 
(Charlotte Parry) into a proper 
English duchess. 

 Leonard brings a fully 
present, fully physical madness to 
Higgins, who is first seen onstage not 
really seen at all, as an inscrutable 
man hunched in a corner, taking 
notes on the accent of one brash, 
loud-mouthed cockney flower girl 
loitering outside a church garden as 
bourgeois Londoners take shelter 
from an unexpected downpour. From 
here, the comical metamorphosis 
unfolds — Higgins, along with fellow 
linguist Colonel Pickering (played by 
a gentile Paxton Whitehead), begins 
a quest to turn the grunting Eliza 
Doolittle into a sophisticated lady-
in-waiting, complete with silk gowns 
a la “Memoirs of a Geisha” and a list 
of chores appropriate for a newly 
trained woman (she must keep track 
of both Higgins’ appointments and 
his slippers). Throw in a grandiose 
collection of affluent witnesses to the 
whole affair and Don Spark’s boor-
ish, hilarious Mr. Doolittle — the 
most charming swindler since Frank 

Abagnale Jr. (clad in a sun-shielding 
safari hat and a knapsack, no less) — 
and San Diego seems to have thrust 
us a lovely British affair.

Mostly British, at least. For a play 
centered on accents, there wasn’t 
much to be said for the English 
dialects of the supporting cast, 
most of whom wavered in and out 
of their drawls while others appar-
ently enjoyed changing birthplaces 
all together. Save for that, though, 
director Nicholas Martin begets an 
exquisite rendition of the classic tale. 
The set is intricate and lush, featur-
ing a resplendent composition of 
burgundy, olive and gold tones. It’s 
a comforting backdrop to Higgins’ 
disheveled, filled-to-the-rafters work 
space (which quite reflects his mind) 
and the scintillating chandelier and 
white pillars that adorn his mother’s 
living room bring to mind the Greek 
myth that inspired the play’s name.

Costume designer Robert Morgan 
brought to life early 20th-century 
London with keen attention to detail 
and a focus on the economic classes 
of each character, from the twill 
browns of the lower-middle class to 
the hoity-toity pearls and peaches of 
the upper. All of this — the rotating 
set, the costumes, the delicate light-
ing — though rich with grandeur, 
would’ve been too much for such a 
quaint stage had the performances 
not been able to stand so assuredly 
on their own.

Charlotte Parry’s Eliza is impos-
sible not to root for, from her charm-
ing pidgeon-like grunts to her wide-
eyed desire to succeed — whether or 
not she wants to admit it. In Act III, 

E ven with a titular addendum like “Witch Hunters” and an R rating, one has trouble expect-
ing anything shocking from a movie 
about the children’s fable “Hansel 
and Gretel.” Creepy? Perhaps. 
Gruesome? Never.

 Wrong. 
 Simply put, filmmaker Tommy 

Wirkola’s (“Kill Buljo,” “Dead 
Snow”) “Hansel and Gretel” is a 
gleeful gore-fest. Limbs are shred-
ded, blood sprays, guts splatter 
and heads are mashed, sliced off, 
squashed and blown away. It is com-
pletely over the top, with each grisly 
death eliciting a little chortle or an 
“ugh!” But honestly, it’s totally enter-
taining, and it’s ghastly good fun.

  After a chilling expository 
scene taken almost directly from the 
fable itself — candy house and all 
— an eerie abode with giant teeth 
around the doorway where the chil-
dren burn a witch in her own oven), 
the audience is filled in on the 
siblings’ checkered witch-hunting 
career through a series of newspaper 
clippings and woodcut scenes that 
rush past during the opening cred-
its. The movie catches up with the 
two as adults, now infamous bounty 
hunters called to investigate the dis-
appearances of several children in 
the German town of Augsburg. 

Hansel (Jeremy Renner chan-
neling a medieval Aaron Cross) 
and Gretel (Gemma Arterton, who 
appears to have cut-and-pasted her 
role from “Clash of the Titans”) 

arrive just in time to prevent the 
overzealous and impressively mus-
tachioed Sheriff Berringer (Peter 
Stormare) from executing Mina 
(Pihla Viitala), a young woman 
falsely accused of witchcraft. From 
there, the pair embarks on a peril-
ous hunt for the grand witch Muriel 
(Famke Janssen), battling a multi-
tude of witches and a troll with the 
help of the bumbling but dedicated 
Ben (Thomas Mann) and a literal 
cartload of artillery (ranging from 

crossbows to Gatling guns). The 
action is frenetic, rarely lets up and 
enough horror is thrown in to keep 
it from devolving into something 
out of the “Matrix,” although the 
plot is predictable to the extreme 
and more than a little derivative 
of its predecessors (“The Brothers 
Grimm,” “Sleepy Hollow,” etc.). The 
3-D, while not gimmicky by any 
means, adds little to the proceed-
ings save for depth perception, and 
no piece of scenery besides the 

candy house is particularly memo-
rable (dark woods and decrepit 
barns wear thin about 30 minutes 
in).  

The two hunters are your run-
of-the-mill badass team: Hansel is 
a brawler who keeps to himself (he 
refuses help, speaks tersely, et al.), 
while Gretel is strong-willed and 
sexy (she beats the hell out of uppity 
peasant men while still resembling 

Directed by  Tommy Wirkola
Starring Jeremy Renner, Gemma Arterton
rated R
release Date January 17th
C+

hansel  and  gretel:  Witch  hunters
FiLm  rEviEW

Jeremy Renner trades in his spy gear for some witch heads in Grimm fairytale reboot.

Let the 
Obligatory 
Movie Spree 
Commence

i n the past decade, I’ve predicted zero out of ten Oscar winning pictures. This is in part due to the 
fact that I’ve only seen two of the 
winning pictures before the actual 
ceremonies — my love for the “Lord 
of the Rings” trilogy and musicals 
(“Chicago”) should never go under-
stated. This year, I resolved to do 
something different — I would watch 
all nine Oscar nominated movies 
before Feb. 24. And, to up the ante, I 
made an Oscar bet with a friend that 
spanned 12 categories (no amount of 
money will ever get us to watch five 
documentary shorts).

My ambitions are greatly helped 
by the fact that for the first time since 
2003, I’m actually excited about sev-
eral of the films. “Les Miserables” was 
knocked out on Christmas with my 
family of die-hard musical fans who 
could turn the film into a sing-along 
if we so wished. The general con-
sensus: The only thing sadder than a 
three-minute long close-up of Anne 
Hathaway’s emaciated face is the 
sound of Amanda Seyfried warbling. 

I watched “Django Unchained” 
in a smelly theatre over winter 
break with a box of beignets on 
my lap (the perfect movie snack 
for a film set in the South). The 
Tarantino movie was made better by 
the throngs of a cheering audience 
whenever a white man was shot. 
“Lincoln” was viewed in Washington 
D.C. after a visit to the memorial of 
the same name, next to a roommate 
who was suddenly awash with a 
wave of political righteousness.

Then I hit a roadblock. What 
started out as a fun film-filled exer-
cise turned into me dreading the 
moment when I would have to watch 
“Life of Pi.” If I wanted to sit through 
two hours of a boy with a tiger, I 
would break out my collection of 
“Calvin and Hobbes” comics. 

Thankfully, Jennifer Lawrence, 
number one on my list of female 
celebrity crushes, compelled me 
to finally watch “Silver Linings 
Playbook.” Bradley Cooper notwith-
standing, it was actually worth the 
time investment, if you are able to 
overlook the pat endings Hollywood 
studios usually prescribe to com-
plex mental disorders. And because 
Reddit said it was good, I watched 
the sanctimonious indie “Beasts of 
the Southern Wild.”

While I still have a month to 
crank out “Argo,” “Zero Dark Thirty,” 
“Amour” and “Life of Pi,” I’m prob-
ably not going to bother. A number 
of excuses are in my way: 

First, Ben Affleck and Kathryn 
Bigelow weren’t nominated for Best 
Director, and a movie hasn’t won 
an Academy Award for Best Picture 
without a Best Director nomination 
since “Driving Miss Daisy” (1989). 

Second, Washington D.C., where 
I am currently studying, is averag-
ing a toasty 19 degrees with wind 
chill, so walking to the closest theatre 
(in Georgetown, where the wealthy 
citizens don’t want a Metro stop) is 
wholly unappealing.

Last, I am plagued by a number of 
questions about the remaining mov-
ies. Will viewing “Zero Dark Thirty” 
mean that I support the use of torture 
in America’s war on terrorism? Will 
“Amour” render me catatonically 
depressed? Is “Argo” even still in 
theatres?            

So the journey to see all nine 
films still continues, probably. 
My favorite film thus far is “Silver 
Linings Playbook.” The best is prob-
ably “Django.” But what the Academy 
will pick is “Lincoln.” 

margeret  yau  m1yau@ucsd.eduthe  sound  &  the fury

The Fair Lady Meets Her Doctor
Director Nicholas Martin’s production of “Pygmalion” brings class, cooing and cockney 
cadences to The Old Globe stage.

See hansel, page 8

See pygmalion, page 8



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 31,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG     7LiFEstYLE
You Can’t 
Beat the 
Love of  a 
Friend

i ’ll be honest with you readers  this week, I’ve been struck with a seri-ous case of writer’s block. Or maybe 
it’s just dater’s block. Recently, I’ve 
taken a step back from dating to focus 
on school, work, applying for intern-
ships, and especially my friends. 

In recent years, it’s occurred to 
me that love is something that is very 
different from what it was a generation 
ago: It’s unrecognizable from anything 
from the previous generation. The 
purest forms of love that I have expe-
rienced have solely been with family 
and friends. Significant others are of-
ten riddled with the types of problems 
that come with romantic relationships. 
But besides a tiff over trivial things 
like doing the dishes with friends and 
roommates, I’ve only had fantastic 
friendships since coming to UCSD.

There’s been a lot of talk of soul 
mates around my apartment lately. Do 
they exist? Are we all destined to have 
one, or maybe more? Is a soul mate a 
romantic partner or can it be a friend? 
And as I’ve spent more time with my 
roommates, I’ve realized that if any-
thing, soul mates are much more likely 
to be friends than romantic partners. 

I met Flavia freshman year of 
college. We were both in Marshall Col-
lege and were both communication 
majors, so we basically had every class 
together. She was pretty intimidating 
at first, but as soon as we started talk-
ing about the TV show “Friends” and 
how we were both atheists, she was 
hooked. 

Two years into our friendship, 
Flavia admitted something to me. 
She told me that the summer before 
starting college she had looked 
through the “Marshall College Class 
of 2014” Facebook group which I was 
a member of. She glanced through 
profiles and stumbled upon mine. 
She saw all my pseudo-hipster high 
school profile pictures, like the one of 
me in the snow in New York wearing 
a red coat. It was a picture taken on 
a disposable camera (I was pretty 
cool, I know). Upon looking at these 
pictures, she decided that she wanted 
to be my roommate and my friend 
and proceeded to cross her fingers 
that she’d get an email saying I was 
her future roommate. 

Of course, that didn’t happen, 
but we did end up meeting within 
hours of moving in on campus, and 
after a few communication classes, 
our friendship was confirmed. She 
didn’t admit this adorable stalker-ish 
story until sophomore year, but at the 
time, I thought it was one of the most 
flattering things anyone has ever said 
to me, even though it’s completely 
reflective of generation Facebook.

Now we’re juniors, and we’ve 
agreed that we’re soul mates. She 
thinks like me. She talks like me. And 
she’s one of the few people that has 
the same type of humor as me. Every 
day spent with her further proves that 
we are the same person. This is the 
purest version of love I think there 
is. Above all boy problems, family 
problems, etc., I know my roommates 
(shout out to Bella and Jess, too!) 
will be there for me no matter what, 
and vice versa. And if you’re sitting 
here reading this and scoffing at how 
cheesy this article is, I’d probably 
say that you’ve never had a true best 
friend, and maybe you should go out 
and find one. Just because it’s trite, 
doesn’t mean it’s not true.

The Best Hiking Spots in Town
By JoELYn suArEZ  STAFF WRITER

The local gym can be very mundane, with the same 
old radio playlist on repeat and the smell of sweat cir-
culating the enclosed space. But, UCSD students don’t 
have to endure the sound of grunting men in the weight 
area or the sight of girls with full-faced make-up texting 
at a treadmill that has yet to be powered on. San Diego 

is filled with amazing landscapes and great weather all 
year long, both of which may be enjoyed while simulta-
neously getting in a good and challenging workout. The 
Guardian  found the top four hiking spots with the best 
views in and near San Diego:

cowles  mountain
golfcrest  drive  and  navajo  rd,  san diego,  cA  92119

Cowles Mountain, located on the expansive 5,800 acres of Mission Trails 
Regional Park, is the highest peak in San Diego. The hike has an elevation of 
up to 1,592 feet with a breathtaking 360-degree view of the mountain summit 
once you reach the top. Though the three-mile trail is not exactly a cakewalk, 
local hikers consider it to be very practical due to its gradual elevation. Cowles 
Mountain is less than 10 miles northeast of downtown, but its dramatic change 
from urban scenery makes the trail one of the most popular in San Diego. 

BEGINNER LEvEL

torrey  Pines  state  natural  reserve
12600 n.  torrey  Pines  road,  La  Jolla,  cA  92037

The Torrey Pines State Natural Reserve may be the most appealing to 
UCSD students due to its close proximity to campus. The park opens daily 
from 7:15 a.m. to sunset. There are several different trails available, all branch-
ing out to various places throughout the reserve. Torrey Pines State Natural 
Reserve is home to endangered plant species including the Pinus Torreyana, 
one of the most rare pine trees in the nation. The hiking trail also provides gor-
geous views of the San Diego coastline. Picnicking and camping are prohibited, 
as well as pets, in order to preserve the vibrant plant life. Parking may be found 
on the street, otherwise there is a parking lot fee of $10.

cedar  creek  Falls
Eagle Peak  road,  Julian,  cA  92036
or  thornbush   road,  ramona,  cA  92065

The Cedar Creek Falls, also known as the Devil’s Punchbowl, is unlike any 
other trail in or near the San Diego area.  There are two entrances to begin 
the trail: one near the Ramona Estates (just east outside of San Diego) and the 
other in Julian. The hike is 4.5 miles downhill surrounded by a beautiful land-
scape of greenery and flowing rivers. The unique reward for hikers is Cedar 
Creek’s radiant waterfalls surrounded by 75-feet cliffs at the end of the path. 
The pool of water below is often filled with hikers enjoying a cool dip after 
breaking a sweat during the warmer seasons. Despite the downhill trail to the 
falls, local hikers have warned that the trek is more difficult than it may seem. 
All hikers are advised to bring an ample amount of water especially consider-
ing that the journey back is entirely uphill. 

INTERmEDIATE LEvEL

ExpERT LEvEL

Potato  chip  rock 
14644  Lake   Poway  road,  Poway,  cA  92074

The Lake Poway Trail, located on Mt. Woodson, is best known for its 
Potato Chip Rock because of the thin sliver of rock that extends out for hik-
ers to climb to the very edge and gain a sense of accomplishment — or, more 
importantly, snap a new profile picture to show off to friends. The trail itself is 
approximately seven miles, with an escalation of up to 2,000 feet. Due to the 
long and strenuous path, local hikers do not recommend the Lake Poway Trail 
for beginners. There is a $5 parking admission fee for non-Poway residents.

laira  martin lmm002@ucsd.eduthis  modern  love

sitE  sEEn

Cirque du Sixth

It’s a typical Saturday night. 
Midterms are not close enough for the 
cramming craze to begin, and you’re 
frankly over the weekly bar-and-tacos 
run with your buds. For one night, 
remove yourself from your usual ritual 
and make your way to a mystical event 
by attending Sixth College’s annual 
semi-formal, Cirque du Sixth.

Clearly inspired by “Cirque du 
Soleil,” Cirque du Sixth draws from 
the artistic production’s brilliant colors 
and compelling beauty.

 “We hope to take students into 
this imaginary world that they can 
only live for one night,” Sixth College 
Special Events Director Thomas Le 
said.

Despite it being called “Cirque du 
Sixth,” the event is open to all col-
leges. Held on Saturday, Feb. 2, from 8 
p.m. to midnight, this event will be at 
the Naval Training Center Promenade, 

located in the historic Liberty Station 
of San Diego. This occasion can be an 
opportunity to party with your friends 
in style, or a night of spectacular food 
and entertainment for a mere $11.

Themed beverages and desserts, 
which include lemon meringue pie 
and chocolate mousse cake from The 
French Gourmet catering company, 
will be provided. Guests will also have 
access to a complimentary photo 
booth to snap mementos and beats 
will be provided by DJ Philly, Sun 
God’s 2011 Battle of the Bands winner. 
Best of all, this cirque-themed affair 
will be complete with circus perform-
ers, such as sword swallowers and con-
tortionists.

Dressing up according to the theme 
of the event is highly encouraged, so 
take this as an opportunity to trans-
form yourself into character by putting 
on your best circus outfit or getting 
creative with your makeup. The cirque 
is an extravaganza that displays art in 

the grandest of schemes. Tickets are 
still on sale, and free transportation 
will be provided to and from the venue 
if needed. Cirque du Sixth has all the 
amenities to replicate the joviality of a 

circus — so let yourself be transported 
to the majestic world of the cirque.

BY sarah sh i n  Staff writer

readers can contact
sarah sh i n     s3shin@ucsd.edu 



8   THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 31,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG LiFEstYLE
hAvE A drink on us

ADIoS 
moTHERfUCkERS

The Guardian asked 
bartender mike Johnson 
from The Hole in point 

Loma to recommend an 
easy-to-make mixed drink. 

This was his choice.

with the hope of having 
a night that you’ll always 
remember — if only via 

anecdotes from your friends 
— here’s a potent solution: 

Adios motherfuckers.

INGREDIENTS:

½ oz voDkA
½ oz GIN
½ oz RUm

½ oz BLUE CURACAo
2 oz SwEET AND SoUR mIx

And top it off with some 
Sprite for a lemon-lime 
twist for a night like no 

other.

— vincent pham
Staff writer

Ducktails’ lightness bounces beneath exploration. 

ducktails mastermind Matthew Mondale is going for it on “The Flower Lane,” his fifth full-length release under the pseudonym. The Real Estate guitarist raised eyebrows last year when he announced that fellow New Jersey natives Big Troubles would provide full-time support 
with additional contributions from the likes of Cults vocalist Madeline Follin and experimental 
MIDI artists Ford & Lopatin. This certainly appeared as a surprising development for a solo proj-
ect that had traditionally positioned itself firmly in the Lo-Fi bedroom pop spectrum. The record 
possesses a newfound sense of gloss and cohesion. That being said, Mondale hasn’t abandoned his 
signature playful naïveté that rendered his previous work particularly endearing.  

The introductory jangle of the opening track “Ivy Covered House” is strikingly reminiscent of 
Mondale’s other band, until he confidently lays down some phased out guitar lines as the chorus 
arrives. The echoed minimal strums and collegiate nostalgia of “Academy Avenue” bookends “The 
Flower Lane” with textbook Ducktails motifs. Sandwiched between those tracks is the heart of the 
album, which is advanced by the group’s overt forays into the yacht rock territory that has been 
successfully occupied by Canadians Destroyer, Mac Demarco, and Tops as of late.  

It is readily apparent that the collection of soft rock odes holds up as the noticeable highlights 
on this release. Follin’s guest appearance on the dreamy “Sedan Magic” remains one of the record’s 
most earnest moments, providing a rare glimpse of sincere sentimentality. “Under Cover” and 
“Letter of Intent” prove that Ducktails is fully capable of crafting infectiously meticulous synth 
pop. Who would have guessed Ducktails, of all scrappy indie rockers, would make the effort to 
clean up his act. Still, Mondale’s new propensity for professionalism suits him well enough.  

— taylor hogshead
Senior staff writer

"flower  lane"
by  ducktails
release Date January 29
7/10

ALBum  rEviEWs

Local Natives return with glossy maturity. 

the Local Natives return with a collection of smooth-sounding melodies on their second album, “Hummingbird.” Unlike their excellent 2009 debut album, “Gorilla Manor,” these 11 songs reflect a notable sadness, with gloomy lyrics suggesting a deeper level of thought about 
life and death.

The band spends the album trying to tackle bigger issues, leaving their listeners to analyze 
abstract topics like the relationship between soul and body. The track “Heavy Feet” accompanies 
its darkened beat with lines about immortality, questioning issues that connect the emotional with 
the metaphysical.

“Colombia” reveals feelings focused on more personal emotions. Written by band member 
Kelcey Ayer as a dedication to his deceased mother, the lyrics are heart wrenching: “A humming-
bird crashed right in front of me, and I understood all you did for us,” sings Ayer. The slow pace of 
the song also accents the dimensions of his pain. 

Although the tone is much different from “Gorilla Manor,” the band continues with their 
impressive harmonies, with powerful vocals from members Taylor Rice, Ryan Hahn and Ayer. The 
instrumental aspect of the songs is also likable, such as the tambourine complimenting the guitar 
and drums in “Breakers.” The melody for most tracks is relaxed with the occasional fast tempo.

From the light-hearted “Gorilla Manor” to “Hummingbird,” Local Natives can be defined as a 
maturing band, developing their own flare into a sound that can stand on its own. Listeners should 
anticipate their appearance on stage during the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival this com-
ing April.

— Lauren  craig 
Contributing writer

"hummingbird"
by  local natives
release Date January 29
7/10

some sort of Hot Topic model). 
Neither character is particularly 
innovative or three-dimensional, 
although Hansel has a daily insulin 
injection he must take, a result of 
a time when a witch made him eat 
too much candy. The dialogue is 
certainly a low point. Little atten-
tion was given to the script, save 
for communicating to the audience 

how much ass is about to be kicked, 
and hokey one-liners abound. 
A proliferation of anachronistic 
potty mouth does not help in this 
department, and much of the film’s 
limp-wristed attempts at humor rely 
solely on Jeremy Renner and his use 
of the word “fuck” (“Don’t eat the 
fuckin’ candy!,” upon revisiting the 
sugary cottage is a gem, for sure). 
Where “Hansel and Gretel” falls 
short on good guys, however, its 

villains take the cake. The bulk of 
the witches are horrifyingly orc-ish 
and predatory, scuttling about and 
shrieking demonically, and the vari-
ety in their build and appearance is 
both engrossing and hair-raising. 
No matter how many bad guys the 
siblings eradicate, the next encoun-
ter always adds something fresh and 
exciting.

 Ultimately, “Hansel and Gretel” 
is pretty predictable and more than 

a little cheesy — don’t expect it to 
defy the conventions of action flicks 
or boldly go where no movie has 
gone before. However, there’s an 
appreciable amount of ghoulish fun 
to be had, and viewers in the mood 
for a straightforward shoot-em-up 
will find themselves reasonably 
entertained.

— Jonah Yonker
staff writer

Hansel and Gretel Gore Fest Skimps on Plot and Character Development

The Old Globe’s ‘Pygmalion’ Delivers Laughs and Morals in Equal Measure 

▶ hansel, from page 6

there’s an especially riveting moment 
when Parry, during her first outing 
with sophisticated company, goes on 
a rant about the supposed murder 
of her grandmother (in a proper 
English accent, of course). She’s given 
the “shut up” groan from a fretful — 
but wryly smiling — Higgins, causing 
her to stop, mid-poisoning-grandma-
sentence, and declare, “Well, I must 
go,” before she eerily shakes every-
one’s hand with a dreamy, glazed 
disposition like that of a drugged 
madman. 

Robert Sean Leonard, a mad 
scientist of language and a madder 
gentleman in general, is a fiery match 
for Eliza. It’s easy to see the passion 
he feels for his work; Leonard falls 
into his words with his entire body, 
flinging pointing fingers in nonde-
script directions and plummeting for 
the safety of his couch at every new 
realization or humourous discovery. 

Their chemistry and the back-
and-forth quipping that goes on 
between them in the beginning and 
end of the play is matched only by 
the quiet resignation evident in the 
eye of the storm. It’s heartbreaking 

to watch Eliza’s whiplashing horse 
of a mouth be broken by Higgins 
(through insults and heckling) and 

Pickering (by means of polite igno-
rance) as they treat her like a nonex-
istent toy doll. By the time she finally 

throws Higgins’ slippers back at his 
face and lets those beastly grunts be 
known again, we’re as fed up with the 
two chortling fellows as she is. 

That’s the moral of the whole 
thing, really. As Eliza remarks in the 
last scene, “The difference between 
a lady and a flower girl is not how 
she behaves, but how she is treated.” 
Though the taboo curse words of 
their day — like “devil” and “bloody” 
— may have turned into staples 
of the English language, the desire 
to be appreciated and, even more, 
respected, has stayed a firm wish of 
humanity. 

The final moment of “Pygmalion,” 
features a resigned Higgins looking 
up at Eliza and her new husband 
on their wedding day (an imag-
ined vision), laughing at the idea of 
his bewitching creation marrying 
“Freddy,” is poignant not just for his 
vulnerabilities, but for hers; even 
with her newfound self-respect and 
independence, Eliza can’t help look-
ing back at the man who taught her 
everything she shouldn’t be.

▶ pygmalion, from page 6

readers can contact
Jacey  aldredge     jaldredgea@ucsd.edu 

LikE  us  on  FAcEBook
WWW.FAcEBook.com/ucsdguArdiAn



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG 9

Dear Editor,
I’m writing in response to last 

Thursday’s opinion editorial, “Bus 
Changes Mean Students Can Access 
More Routes.” 

Where is the outrage? For a 
university newspaper, I was a bit 
shocked to see an opinion not 
advocate for the students. I under-
stand being unbiased with news, 
but it is your duty to insist on a call 
to arms whenever possible. 

You are arguably the most 
capable of teaching students how 
to demand change and advocate 
for their rights. Instead we get, “It’s 
Not So Bad, Y’all!” Maybe not for 
you, Miss Lee; I envy you. $36 per 
month probably won’t break too 
many banks. But for many students 
— including myself — who sup-
port themselves or rely on parents 
struggling to pay an already rapidly 
increasing tuition, complacency 
over these new fees is quite frankly 
offensive. 
     Why not call into question 
the fact that every undergraduate 
student living off campus already 
pays approximately $1,800 per year 
for “transportation.” In what world 
does that not manage to cover a 
yearly pass for the MTS, which 
runs the general public about $850 
by the way. That took me 30 sec-

onds to look up. 
     I can only imagine that current 
transportation fees cover the 
Campus Loop service. If those 
determining budgets at UCSD had 
any heads on their shoulders, they 
would make drastic cuts there. I 
have no time to hear any other use 
for the Loop service other than 
to encourage laziness (if you can-
not be bothered to walk 10 to 15 
minutes to class, shame on you). 
Additionally, it is well known that 
except for during peak hours, the 
shuttles are nearly empty. 

Oh, and thank you for pointing 
out how lucky we are to now have 
access to lines and trolleys down-
town. I’m sure the 10 students who 
would ever dream of taking the bus 
all that way are thrilled. 

You are journalists. Be 
passionate. 

— Kevin Fuhrmann
Junior, Eleanor Roosevelt College 

DEADLINE:  FEBRUARY 1, 2013
Application:  http://students.ucsd.edu/ 

For more information contact:
Sophia Tsai - 858.534.9014 • stsai@ucsd.edu

For more information contact:
Becky Obayashi- 858.534-1067 • scholarships@ucsd.edu

If you are applying for a UCSD Undergraduate
Research Scholarship, be sure to:

1)    Indicate which research scholarships you want to be considered for
2)    Upload your academic history PDF or a transcript
3)    Enter your faculty sponsor name/email address

1)    Complete all areas of the application
2)    Submit 2013-14 FAFSA or CA Dream Application by March 2,

    if you wish to be considered for need based scholarships

If you are applying for UCSD Continuing
Student Scholarship, be sure to:

“Time is Running Out!”

halcyon days By Christie Yi

Transportation Services Needs To Address Student Outrage

LETTER To THE EDIToR

Guardian Took Wrong 
Stance on Bus Changes

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

email: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

Despite the noted problems, in last 
week’s editorial, “Bus Changes Mean 
Students Can Access More Routes,” 
we admitted that these changes were 
the best possible course of action 
that Transportation Services could 
take. While we acknowledge that the 
changes present severe logistical issues 
for many students, there are few other 
options. 

Transportation Services accumu-
lated a $2.1 million deficit in the past 
year alone, and its only real source 
of funding is parking permits and 
citations. The current MTS subsidy 
and the Arriba and Nobel shuttles 
cost Transportation Services upward 
of $4 million per year, making the 

department unsustainable without 
touching costs. The money can’t 
come from outside the department, 
either — transportation is considered 
an “auxiliary service” by University of 
California policy, and auxiliary ser-
vices are expected to fund themselves. 

The only real, alternative solution 
here is to try to pass a referendum 
that would charge every student X 
amount of dollars (likely around $220) 
for transportation, including those 
who are paying separately for parking 
passes and don’t actually use the shut-
tles. As we saw last year, most students 
oppose any kind of fee increase. The 
proposed $8-per-quarter referendum 
to save CLICS and the $495-per-year 
referendum to move UCSD athletics 
to Division I were both shot down. 

Looking at the comments on the 
Facebook group, however, it’s clear 
that students want to examine other 
options. Admittedly, this new pro-
gram was chosen after feedback from 
a comprehensive phone survey that 
began at the end of May 2012, includ-
ing input from over 4,600 students, 
faculty and staff, as well as input from 
the UCSD Transportation Policy 
Committee. Reportedly, 65 percent of 
survey respondents preferred this user 
fee-based system, but accounts of a 
survey most students don’t remember 
or never received does not make the 
changes any easier to stomach. 

So even if a fee referendum fails, 
the sheer amount of outrage and 
student input flying across the web 
means it’s worth giving a shot.

▶ BusEs, from page 4

Guardian
Visit Our Website at WWW. ucsdguardian.Org



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 31,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

MORE THAN A T-SHIRT

your outlet to campus culture.

Triton Outfitters, owned an operated by the Associated Students, sells apparel and merchandise 
that relates to the various aspects of student life on campus. Started in 2010, Triton Outfitters has 
already become a main fixture on campus and has seamlessly integrated in student’s everyday 
lives. Look for the teal canopy on Library Walk from 10am-3pm. New items arriving soon!

#triton
Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

UCSD CAT

WILL BE REIMBURSED $400 FOR 
COMPLETION OF 4 CLINIC VISIT STUDY.

Contact Dr. Broide, Department of Medicine,

858.534.2033

Subjects with current sinus allergy symptoms to cats 
needed for study requiring donation of blood, allergy 

skin testing and nasal allergen challenge.

ALLERGY STUDY:

Housing
ROOM FOR RENT - $950 - Large fur-
nished room with bath, and separate 
entrance, in La Jolla View house. Walk 
to Shores beach. Kitchen use. On bus 
route. Utilities included. Parking on 
driveway. $950.00 a month. Call Janet at 
858-456-0865. Email janhey6@aol.com. 
Listing ID:  47650053 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

FEMALE Roommate Wanted! Rent 
is $353.34 a month plus utilities. 
Apartment is located within easy walk-
ing distance to Arriba and Nobel shuttle 
stops and La Jolla Village Square shop-
ping center, and has its own washer 
and dryer. Room comes with adjacent 
bathroom. Room has walk-in closet and 
small balcony. Apartment complex has 
heated pool, hot tub, and business cen-
ter (all of which are free for residents) 
and a clubhouse. Quiet neighborhood. 
No pets and no smoking please. Listing 
ID: 47506608 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

ElEctronics
Fujica ST605 , SLR 35mm Film Camera 
With Fujinon 1:2.2 f=55mm - $120 - 
Offering this nice set up I shot with 
in the 80’s. Took some great shots of 
sunsets, waterfalls, friends, family you 
name it.This has been stored safely for 
all these years. All nice and clean. Just 
changed the batteries and this set up is 
good to go. Great for Student looking 
for set up for photography class, some-
one who wants to brush up on their 
good old fashioned 35mm skills. Listing 
ID: 47893937 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

BELL & HOWELL 8mm AUTOLOAD 
PROJECTOR - $80 - BELL & HOWELL 
8mm AUTOLOAD PROJECTOR WITH 
REELS. VERY ATTRACTIVE CONDITION. 
CASH ONLY! Listing ID:  47822634 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Polaroid 600 Instant Film Camera! - $20 - 
I have for sale a Polaroid One600 Instant 
Film Camera. This camera is in like-new 
condition and works great! This is 1 
of the best models made by Polaroid! 
Picture below is the actual camera. 
Price is $20.00. Camera does not come 
with film. Listing ID: 47662764 at ucsd-
guardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

FurniturE
Rattan Magazine Rack - $20 - Decorative 
black metal and rattan magazine or 
book holder. Hinged so it folds for easy 
storage or for fitting in narrow places. 
$20 Listing ID: 47893947 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Windsor Arm Chair - $75 - Nogales Drive 
at Cordero. Beautiful hardwood wind-
sor arm chair. Good condition. $75 obo. 
Listing ID:  47893948 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Cabinet for Wall or Dresser or Desk - 
$50 - Near Montezuma and El Cajon 
Boulevard. Approximate dimensions: 
25”H by 26”W by 7”D. The cabinet win-
dow is made from plexiglass. Listing 
ID: 47893949 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

PEts
Pitbull Puppies - 1800.00 - Born on 1-6-
13 razorzedge tri-color and fawn pups. 
come with ukc reg. shots dewormed, 
ears cropped. deposit and payments 
available.!!!Great pedigree!!! ready by 
3-1-13. Listing ID:  47528401 at ucsd-
guardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

Kittens to good homes - Two beautiful 
Kittens who need good indoor homes. 
Can go seprate or together! Best friends, 
they love eachother and other pets. We 
love them, and wish we could keep 
them, but one of our other cats has a 
heath condition and the kittens are too 
active to be around her. The torttie is a 
girl and the orange tabby is a boy. Both 
older kittens around 5 or 6 months. 
They need a home asap! Call Gail @ 
858 414 8656. Listing ID:  47822655 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 31,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG 11

9pm-2am
THURSDAY January 31

FREE for UCSD Students with valid student ID

Home Plate
RIMAC Annex

FREE
 for U

CSD 
Stud

ents

ASCE.UCSD.EDU

PRESENT& HOMEPLATE

For more information, contact ASCE 
at avpconcerts@ucsd.edu or (858) 534-0477

The  No. 23 nationally ranked 
UCSD Tritons ended exhibition play 
on a high note last Tuesday, Jan. 29, as 
they outplayed Vanguard University 
from start to finish. UCSD jumped out 
to an early lead, and never relinquished 
control as UCSD beat Vanguard at 
Triton Ballpark. 

“I thought early on in the game, 
offensively, I really liked our approach,” 
second-year head coach Eric Newman 
said. “[It was] really impressive to 
see the way we were going about our 
business.” 

In the second inning, senior 
Richard Seigel put the Tritons on the 
board with a two-run home run off 
Vanguard’s Kamakani Usui, driving 
in junior catcher Nick La Face. Left-
fielder James Mossholder added to 

the Triton’s three-run inning, doubling 
and scoring off a sacrifice fly from 
junior transfer Dillon Moyer. 

UCSD broke open the game in 

the fifth inning, scoring four runs 
behind a double from freshman two-
way player Troy Cruz and a pair of 
errors from Vanguard pitcher Nik 
Klungreseter and second-baseman 
Paul Keating.

Vanguard added two runs, com-
ing in the fifth and sixth innings, but 
UCSD came up with three in the sev-
enth behind Mossholder, who drove 
in an additional two runs with a single 
down the line. Vanguard added one 
run in the ninth on an error by senior 
second-baseman Sam Michaels, but 
UCSD held on to win.

The Tritons start their season on 
Friday, Feb. 1, when they host No. 20 
Colorado Mesa University at Triton 
Ballpark. 

“I was happy with the win, but we 
need to have two good days of practice 
heading toward Colorado Mesa com-
ing in here,” Newman said. “We have 
some areas that we need to cover and 
shore up. We’re excited to play. We’ll 
be ready to go.”  

Brad Kreutzkamp has brought on 
10 exciting new recruits. Freshman 
attacker Julia Kirkland and Alexis 
Wieseler both earned hat-tricks in 
their respective debuts as Tritons. 
Defensively, freshman Courtney 
Miller will likely take up the mantle 
as goalkeeper. The newcomer fared 
favorably, coming up with 25 saves in 
her four games. 

“We have a strong freshman class,” 
Lizotte said. “They help our team a 
lot. There are a lot of good outside 
shooters, and what they do is they 

make us deeper than what we were 
last year. It’s so nice that we can rotate 
our whole starting lineup.”  

With the 3–1 record, the Tritons 
are currently ranked No. 1 in the 
WWPA, right in front of 2012 cham-
pion Loyola Marymount (3–3). The 
Tritons’ next pair of games will be 
played at home at the Canyonview 
Aquatics Center on Feb. 9 and Feb. 
10 for the Triton Invitational. It has 
yet to be announced who UCSD will 
face in the tournament. 

▶ Water polo, from page 12

Women’s Water Polo Finish 3-1 at 
UC Santa Barbara Invitational

readers can contact
Rach el U da     Ruda@ucsd.edu 

Decisive Victory for UCSD Baseball
The Tritons outscored Vanguard University 10-3 in their final exhibition game before 
they open the season Feb. 1.

BaseBall

BY  Matt  sm ith  CONTRIBUTING Writer

readers can contact
Matt  sm ith     mSMITH@ucsd.edu 

UCsD  10, Vanguard  3        1/29/13
Player ab r h rbi bb
SUSDORF, Danny cf 4 1 0 0 1
WIRTA, Corbin rf 5 0 0 0 0
RAHN, Justin p/dh 3 0 0 1 2
LA FACE, Nick c 3 2 2 1 0
SIEGEL, Richard 1b 2 1 2 2 1
TUCK, Garrett 3b 3 0 0 0 0
MOSSHOLDER, James lf 4 1 2 2 0
MOYER, Dillon ss 3 1 1 1 0

Totals 32 7 8 7 3
ip h r bb so

RAHN, Justin rhp 3.2 1 0 1 4



12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 31,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

SPORTS CONTaCT THe edITORRaCHel  UDasports@ucsdguardian.org / follow us @UCSD_sports SPORTS

The UCSD men’s basketball team split 
its last two road contests last weekend, 
Jan. 25 and Jan. 26. The Tritons con-
ceded a big loss to San Francisco State 
(55–70) on Friday before blowing out 
Sonoma State 85–65. UCSD senior 
shooter Tyler McGrath was named 
the CCAA Player of the Week for his 
performance over the weekend. The 
shooter averaged 23.5 points between 
the two games, draining nine three-
pointers over the weekend, going 52 
percent from the field. 

“On Saturday, everything just 
clicked for us, and everyone was mak-
ing shots. I knew going in that I had 
to be really aggressive and really get 
things going in the attack,” McGrath 
said.

UCSD’s 20-point win over Sonoma 
State marked the Tritons’ biggest scor-
ing margin this season. McGrath led 
the attack, scoring a season-high 32 
points, going 6-for-9 from behind the 
three-point line. McGrath’s partner 
in the backcourt, junior guard James 
McCann, also finished with a career-
high nine assists on top of 12 points.

“We had a really good week of 
practice in preparation for last week-
end, our coaches really got us working 
on what we needed,” McGrath said. 
“And on Saturday, everything was just 
clicking. We made good use of our 
pick-and-roll opportunities and took 
advantage of the looks that we got.”

Unfortunately, on Friday, the 
Tritons did not get the same output 
from the backcourt — not a good sign 
for a team whose most experienced 
big has been out of commission for 
the past few games.

Again, McGrath led the Tritons 
with 15 points, while McCann and 
freshman Drew Dyer were held to just 
seven apiece. The big surprise came 
from freshman guard Hunter Walker. 
The newcomer, who has seen very 
little time on the court leading up to 
Friday night, posted a career-high 13 
points in his 17 minutes.

“We got some good looks, and 
got some good sets, but our shots just 
weren’t falling,” McGrath said.

And it’s when the shots aren’t fall-
ing that UCSD finds itself in trouble. 
It’s no secret that the Tritons struggle 
on the block, especially now, with 
senior forward Justin Brue out from 

the rotation and his replacement  
Dyer, is more of an outside shooter 
than a presence in the paint. But 
midway into the season, McGrath 
says the Tritons (5–7 in the CCAA) 
are steadily climbing up through the 
conference rankings and seem to have 
worked out most of the problems that 
come with having a young team.

“We had a lot of younger guys 
playing big minutes early on,” 
McGrath said. “It takes a handful of 
games to get players competing and 
not reacting, and I think our new 
guys are getting to that stage.”

The Tritons have two more away 
games that will round out their six-
game road series. UCSD will face 
CCAA south division rivals Cal State 
Dominguez Hills this Friday, Feb. 1 
and Cal State Los Angeles the follow-
ing day. 

The Tritons return home the 
following week, when it will host 
Humboldt State next Friday, Feb. 8 
for Spirit Day.

Testing the Waters
2012’s regular season champions begin the new season with a batch of new 

freshmen and high hopes for 2013.
BY  RaCHel UDa SPORTS edITOR

Photo   by  NO laN  THOMas

McGrath Named CCAA Player of  the Week With Weekend Split 
MeN's  BaskeTBall

Despite a loss to San Francsisco State on Friday, the Tritons rebounded Saturday, as they 
came back with a strong win against Sonoma State.

BY  Rach el U da  Sports editor

WOMeN's  WaTeR  POl O

The No. 19 UCSD women’s water polo team opened the season last weekend at 
the UCSB Winter Invitational. The 
Tritons went 3–1, taking wins against 
Santa Clara, Sonoma State and 
Claremont-Mudd-Scripps, but fall-
ing to No. 17 Division-I Cal State 
Northridge on Saturday.

“We went 3-for-1, and that was 
pretty good,” junior Sarah Lizotte 
said. “But it definitely opened our 
eyes to what we need to work on. 
There were a lot of good things that 
I saw, and what we need to work on 
isn’t a matter of a lack of talent — just 
a matter of fine-tuning.”

The Tritons finished second in 
the WWPA tournament last season 
on the back of a very strong senior 
class — graduated All-Conference 
goalkeeper Allie Taylor and All-
WWPA selection driver Kirsten 
Bates. Last year’s senior class claimed 
five of the seven spots in the starting 
lineup, with the exception of junior 
standouts Sarah Lizotte and Melissa 
Bartow or, alternately, Leah Gonzales.

Junior All-American Lizotte, who 
led the Tritons in the attack with 
a remarkable 91 goals last season, 
seems to be on track to top her 2012 
record. The junior utility scored 13 
goals this past weekend, even without 
seeing much time in the fourth game 
against Claremont-Mudd-Scripps.

UCSD also got some quality min-
utes out of sophomore Rachel Brooks 
— last season’s All-WWPA fresh-
man of the year — while Bartow and 
Gonzales both had solid performanc-
es in Santa Barbara.

This season, UCSD head coach 

See Water polo, page 11
photo by NoLAN thoMAS /Guardian file

readers can contact
Rach el U da     Ruda@ucsd.edu 

photo by bEAtRIZ bAJUELoS /Guardian file


	010713NewsNEW
	013113ThOpinion
	013113Weekend
	013113ThOpinion
	013113_Classifieds_PG10
	013113Sports

