
FUN  IN  THE  SUN  OlympIc  paSTSKEEpINg  IN  cHEcK
SUmmER  acTIVITIES  TRITONS  TalK  OlympIcS college  councils  in  need
lIFESTylE, page   7 spORTS,  page  12opinion,  page   4

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 58 THURSDAY, MAY 30, 2013 www.UcSDgUARDIAn.ORg

Final Touches Made to Galbraith Hall

campUS

Following months of construction, the interior renova-tion project of UCSD’s Galbraith Hall is nearly com-plete. The renovation, which started in February, fea-
tures the addition of a new lecture hall, study areas, and office 
and studio spaces.

The new lecture hall seats 417 students and has a demon-
stration bench and sink for chemistry demonstrations, similar 
to those found in York Hall. The hall also features two 90-inch 
flat panel displays and a 17-foot screen. The new lecture hall 

will allow for the addition of 15 three-hour classes during the 
standard Monday-Wednesday-Friday and Tuesday-Thursday 
time slots from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. The hall will be available for 
classes beginning in Summer Session I.

“The renovation exceeded our expectations, and I think 
that students will find the space enjoyable,” Director of Space 
Planning Tom Allen said. “The architect did a great job of 

Advocate 
General of  
A.S. Council 
Resigns

a.S.  cOUNcIl

A.S. Council Advocate General 
Collette “Max” Tamez announced 
her resignation from her position 
on Wednesday, May 29. Tamez sent 
her letter of resignation over the 
council Listserv only a few hours 
before Council was set to hold its 
weekly meeting. 

In her letter, Tamez emphasized her 
gratitude for the opportunities she had 
while on council and explained that 
her resignation is for personal reasons.

In an unrelated interview, Vice 
President of Finance Sean O’Neal 
told the Guardian that Tamez 
was supposed to represent A.S. 
Council in a Judicial Board hear-
ing against the grievances regarding 
college council funding before she 
announced her resignation.

By  sarah  moon senior staff writer
  Zev hurwitz managing editor

The renovations include a new 
lecture hall, study areas, and 

office and studio spaces.

By  aleksan dra  konstanti novi c
  ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

readers can contact
aleksandra  konstantinovic     alkonsta@ucsd.edu 

Council Releases 2013-
2014 Summer Budget

FINaNcE

A.S. Council released its 2013–
2014 summer budget last week, 
containing projected fund alloca-
tions for referenda, administration 
and various A.S. offices. Put forth 
by Vice President of Finance Sean 
O’Neal and approved by council, the 
budget will be in effect until week 5 
of fall quarter, when A.S. reconsiders 
the budget during its Fall Revise. 

Including operating reserves, 
referendum reserves and the A.S. 
activity fee income — considering a 
$562,417 return to financial aid — 
this year’s council has an expendable 
fund total of $2,786,514, to be distrib-
uted throughout the coming term.

According to O’Neal, much of 
the budget remained consistent from 
previous years, due to constitutional 
locked-in referendum allocations to 
Student Promoted Access Center for 
Education and Services, Academic 

Success Program, Student-Initiated 
Access Programs and Services, and 
the Student Sustainability Collective. 
For these referenda, A.S. has allo-
cated $511,874.

Regarding internal office alloca-
tions, O’Neal has provided each sec-
tion — including the office of the 
president, finance and resources, stu-
dent life and external affairs — with 
contingency funds to be expanded 
upon following the Fall Revise.

“I basically gave each office a con-
tingency fund so they can plan events 
all the way up to week 5,” O’Neal said. 
“Which is basically telling students 
that these are things happening in 
their offices. This way, they at least 
have some money set aside to adver-
tise for events [after the Fall Revise].”

Changes within office alloca-
tions include an increase to $75,000 
for the A.S. Concerts and Events’ 
Hullabaloo festival to feature more 
rides and attractions and $25,000 
for the All Campus Dance in order 
to enhance security and transfer to a 
larger location.

Collectively, allocations for offices 
total $338,884 with administrative 

The approved budget 
projects fund allocations 
until Fall Quarter Week 5

campUS  lIFE

The Young Americans for Liberty at UCSD hosted a campus-wide smoke-out along Library 
Walk on Wednesday, May 31. The event came in response to the upcoming ban on tobacco, 
to be implemented on September 1, 2013. 

IFS, ANDS AND BUTTS

See renovations, page 3

pHOTO bY bRIAn MOnROE /Guardian

See BUDGet, page 3

By  m ekala  N eelakantan  
News Editor

pHOTO bY bRIAn MOnROE /Guardian



2 T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  N E W S

SAN DIEGO TROLLEY PROPOSED TO BE  
EXTENDED TO UCSD AND UNIVERSITY CITY

The Mid-Coast Corridor Transit Project will extend Trolley service (light rail) from the Santa Fe Depot in Downtown San Diego 
north to the University City community, serving major activity centers such as Old Town, the University of California, San 
Diego (UCSD), and Westfield UTC. The San Diego Association of Governments (SANDAG)—which will develop the project in 
partnership with the Federal Transit Administration (FTA)—has prepared a draft environmental document analyzing potential 
impacts of the project. To learn more and comment, come to one of these five public meetings being held along the route of 
the proposed extension: 

Tuesday, June 4, 2013 
Open House from 4 to 7 p.m.
Cadman Elementary School, School Auditorium
4370 Kamloop Avenue, San Diego, CA 92117
(Bus 105 at Clairemont Mesa Blvd./Moraga Ave.)

Monday, June 10, 2013  
Open House from 3 to 6 p.m.
University of California, San Diego (UCSD)
Price Center East, The Forum, Level 4
9500 Gilman Drive, La Jolla, CA 92093
(Bus 30, 150, 41, 921, 101 and SuperLoop Bus 201/202  

at Gilman Dr./Myers Dr.)

Wednesday, June 12, 2013 
Open House from 4 to 7 p.m.
La Jolla Country Day School, Community Room
9490 Genesee Avenue, La Jolla, CA 92037
(SuperLoop Bus 201/202 at Genesee Ave./Eastgate Mall)

Tuesday, June 18, 2013 
Open House from 4 to 7 p.m.
Caltrans District 11 Office, Garcia Conference Room
4050 Taylor Street, San Diego, CA 92110
(Bus 8, 9, 10, 28, 30, 35, 44, 88, 105, 150 & Green Line Trolley 

and COASTER at Taylor St./Juan St. Old Town Transit Center)

Friday, June 21, 2013  
Public Hearing at 9 a.m.
SANDAG Transportation Committee, Board Room (7th Floor)
401 B Street, San Diego, CA 92101
(Bus 3, 120 at 4th Ave./B St. & Bus 2, 7, 15, 30, 50, 150, 923, 

992 at Broadway/5th Ave. & Blue and Orange Line Trolley at 
5th Ave. Trolley Station)

Para leer esta notificación en español por favor  
visite www.sandag.org/midcoast.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act 
(ADA), SANDAG will accommodate persons who require 
assistance in order to participate in the public meetings 
listed above. If such assistance is required, please 
contact SANDAG at (619) 595-5620 at least 72 hours 
in advance of the meeting. To request materials in 
an alternative format, please call (619) 595-5620 or fax 
(619) 699-1905.   

For more information about the Mid-Coast Corridor Transit 
Project, please visit www.sandag.org/midcoast.

SANDAGRegion               @SANDAG                SANDAGRegion

Fleeting thoughts By Irene Chiang

Quite Frankly By Lior Schenk

UCSD professor of chem-
istry and biochemistry Nathan 
Gianneschi and his team of 
researchers published their 
work on shape-shifting 
nanoparticles on May 28 in 
the Advanced Minerals jour-
nal. The researchers designed 
sphere nanoparticles that can 
be injected into the blood-
stream and shape shift when 
triggered by an enzyme.

“We wanted to come 
up with a new approach. 
Specifically, we wanted to 
design switchable materials 
that we could inject in one 
shape and have them change 
to another between the blood 

and tumors,” Gianneschi said 
to UCSD News.

The cancer-associated 
enzymes, matrix metallopro-
teinases — MMP-2 and MMP-9 
— prompt the nanoparticles to 
morph into a scaffold within 
the cancerous tumors.

“We figured out how to 
make an autonomous material 
that could sense its environ-
ment and change according-
ly,” Gianneschi said to UCSD 
News.

The nanoparticles are 
hydrophobic on one end while 
hydrophilic on the other end. 
Because of this, they form 
spheres when put in a solution 
to be injected into the vein. 
When mixed with the MMP 

enzymes, the nanoparticles 
opened up into netlike threads.

The researchers then 
tested the nanoparticles in 
mice with fibrosarcomas, a 
human cancer that produces 
MMP enzymes in high lev-
els. In order to see when the 
spheres changed shape, they 
added fluorescent dyes, Forster 
Resonance Energy Transfer, 
that lit up after the nanopar-
ticles morphed. 

Currently, the research-
ers are aiming to develop 
nanoparticles with infrared 
dye so they can see the tumors 
deeper within the body.

UCSD Researchers Design Shape-Shifting Nanoparticles
ScIENcE  &  TEcHNOlOgy

By  h elen  h ej ran staff writer

readers can contact
h elen  h ej ran     hhejran@ucsd.edu 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. SHANDY.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising Assistants 
Vivek Medepalli, Audrey Sechrest, Darren Shim

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
 Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van

Training and Development Manager
Madeline Mann

Laira Martin

Zev Hurwitz

Mekala neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Hilary Lee

Lauren Koa

Rachel Uda

Stacey chien

Jean Lee
Vincent pham

Jacey Aldredge

Dieter Jourbet

brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

Zoë Mccracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

Arielle Sallai

editor in Chief

Managing editor

news editor

associate news editor

opinion editor

associate opinion editor

sports editor

Features editor

associate Lifestyle editors

a&e editor

associate a&e editor

Photo editor

associate Photo editor

Design editor

associate Design editor

art editor

associate art editor

Copy editor

associate Copy editor

Web editor

Editorial Assistants
Mozelle Armijo, Rachel Huang, Jacqueline Kim, 

Shelby Newallis, Kelvin Noronha

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Kate Galloway, Rachel Huang,                    

Jacqueline Kim 

ILLUSTRATIOn bY JEFFREY LAU /Guardian



N E W S  T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  3

watermelonpagean�

watermelon
drop

REVELLE COLLEGE 49   annual t�

JUNE 4, 2013
11:30AM-1:30PM
revelle plaza

jUNE 7, 2013
12:07PM
urey hall &
revelle plaza

uc san diego’s oldest tradition!
free watermelon, cake, and live entertainment

who will become this year’s watermelon
Royalty?

allowing the light from the build-
ing’s original skylights to filter into 
most of the spaces outside of the 
enclosed lecture hall.”

The new hall is listed, for enroll-
ment purposes, as “GH 242” and will 
house large lectures, such as BILD 10, 
which will take place in the new hall 
in Fall Quarter 2013. The room itself 
rests in what looks like a giant box in 
what used to be a study area atrium 
on the second floor of the Center for 
Library and Instructional Computing 
Services, or CLICS.

“It was a pretty clever idea on the 
campus administration’s part to put a 
two-story lecture hall inside the old 
atrium space,” project construction 
executive Jim Mills said. 

Two new study areas, which seat 
total of 120 students, will be available 
for beginning June 3. The rooms will 
be open 24/7 during Week 10 and 
finals week. Details are still being 

worked out for summer hours and 
for Week 1 through Week 9 of fall 
quarter. Both areas have a wireless 
Internet connection and tables with 
electrical outlets. Two restrooms and 
a small group study room can be 
found in the larger study room.

“The two study spaces are dedi-
cated for student use, and the addi-
tional classes that can be offered 
because of the new lecture hall 
should help alleviate some of the 
impacted courses and help reduce 
the time to degree for some stu-
dents,” Allen said. “I consider all of 
these a benefit to the students.”

Additional space for the Theatre 
and Dance instructional studios for 
acting, dance, and design will also 
be provided for the undergraduate 
instructional program, in addition to 
office spaces for Academic Affairs, 
particularly for the Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography’s Environmental 
Systems office. Priorities for other 
office spaces are still under review.

In late 2011, a group of stu-
dents broke into the then-aban-
doned CLICS building and claimed 
it as a student-run study space. For 
much of the latter two quarters last 
year, students used the space as a 
large study space under the Occupy 
CLICS movement and had vandal-
ized much of the building.

Mills said that when he and his 
company, Mortenson, first began 
construction six month ago, much 
of the building was still in the state 
it was during Occupy CLICS.

“There was still a lot of graf-
fiti on the walls, elevators and win-
dows,” Mills said. “But everything 
has been painted and is brand new.”

Galbraith Hall’s renovated space 
also includes new hydration stations 
and the renovation and expansion of 
existing restrooms.

Classes Will Take Place in the New Hall Beginning Fall Quarter
▶ renovations, from page 1

readers can contact

sarah  moon     smoon@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
mekala  neelakantan     mneelaka@ucsd.edu 

Last night’s council meeting kicked 
off with a bang, with a presentation 
on the proposed potential changes 
to the Office of Student Conduct’s 
Student Conduct Code that may hap-
pen during Fall Quarter 2013. They’re 
thinking about maybe changing the 
defin... Sorry. Dozed off for a moment 
there. 

During 
reports of mem-
bers, Matthew 
Mayeda 
announced that 
the undergraduate council will review 
several new minors, such as Chicano 
Literature, and possibly eliminate 
those that are underperforming.

This comes at the behest of 
Chancellor Pradeep Khosla, who 
would also like to see all majors 
have more similar numbers of units. 
Currently, the academic requirements 
of the two most demanding majors 
— bioengineering and electrical 
engineering — total 168 units. On the 
opposite end of the spectrum, several 
other majors tie at just 48 units.

Mayeda also reported that Therapy 
Fluffies will join us on Tuesday of 
finals week.

Angela Song, director of 
Organizational Performance 
Assessments, continued special pre-
sentations with an update on the first-
ever strategic plan for UCSD.

Though Song stated the purpose 
of the plan in kinder terms, it is essen-
tially a series of initiatives to make 
our university more than just a safety 
school to top applicants. Currently, 
the list includes strengthening our 
co-curriculars and improving fac-
ulty retention. Song also encouraged 
councilmembers (and everyone else 
on campus) to offer their suggestions 
on how to improve campus climate 
while continuously pushing for higher 
academic rank.

I would like to offer a suggestion a 
la San Diego Padres outfielder Carlos 
Quentin — let’s just up and bum rush 
Los Angeles. 

Actual suggestions from coun-
cilmembers include establishing an 
Islamic Studies minor and introduc-
ing Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 

training for faculty 
and staff. Council 
also brought up the 
topic of transporta-
tion a number of 
times, particularly 

in relation to improving the acces-
sibility of our fortress-like campus. 
Song acknowledged that the proposed 
cuts to transportation are currently a 
touchy issue in the study.

A.S. President Andy Buselt con-
gratulated councilmembers on their 
original input.

“This is a council with a lot of 
opinions, and that’s a great example 
of student involvement,” he said. “But 
I feel like it needs to extend beyond 
what’s happening in just this room.”

Strategic plan or not, it seems 
UCSD is doing pretty well. We are the 
eighth-best public university in the 
nation, and in at least one ranking, 
among the top 20 universities in the 
world — so kiss our geeky, chalk-
covered butts, SDSU.

UCSD’s mission, coincidentally, is 
stated as follows: We will be a model, 
student-centered, world-class univer-
sity that will boldly go where no man 
has gone before.

I might have made that last part 
up. But if a UC campus were to jour-
ney to outer space, it would totally be 
UCSD.

Council then began the agonizing 
process of approving its budget by 
going through the spreadsheet office 
by office. You’ll be relieved — I cer-
tainly was — to know that it passed 
with only minor bumps in the road.

aleksandra  konstantinovic 
AlkONSTA@ucsd.edu

Council Discusses Strategic 
Planning and Transportation 

expenses as well as council stipends 
totaling $669,690, ending in a 52.74 
percent over-allocation of $1,199,597.

O’Neal also said that budget revi-
sions during the Fall Revise will focus 
on the current $7,345 allocation to 
college council funding, marking the 
first time that council has provided 
funds to college councils since 2006.

The Buselt Administration 
planned to address the issue of col-
lege council funding since the start of 
its term, with the decision to allocate 
funds made shortly after a meeting 
with college council presidents dur-
ing week 6 of spring quarter.

However, due to the recent griev-
ance filed against A.S. Council 
regarding the alleged unconstitution-

al elimination of funding to college 
councils, all allocations to college 
councils are contingent upon the out-
come of the Judicial Board hearing.

“I met with the CCPs and I asked 
them what they wanted to do with 
the college council funding,” O’Neal 
said. “Basically every college council 
except for Marshall asked for the 
funding back, and only one college 
council asked for the back funding. I 
already told the college councils that I 
would fund them all the way up until 
the Fall Revise, but because the griev-
ance came about, I don’t know what’s 
going to happen with everything.”

Should the Judicial Board man-
date that A.S. Council continue 
providing funding to college coun-
cils in accordance with the 1987 
referendum — at a rate of 65 cents 

per student per quarter — A.S. 
will revise its budget to reflect the 
entire $44,070 allocation to college 
councils, with the inclusion of a 
$248,144.85 retroactive allocation 
if required.

In the coming weeks, O’Neal and 
the rest of the Buselt Administration 
will prepare for Judicial Board, intro-
ducing an undisclosed council rep-
resentative for the hearing following 
Advocate General Collette “Max” 
Tamez’s resignation.

“We have ongoing talks with the 
current college councils,” A.S. Council 
President Andy Buselt said. “We’re 
looking for a solution that’s also healthy 
for A.S. Council’s budget.”

 
 

Summer Budget Includes $7,345 Allocation to College Councils
▶ BUDGet, from page 1

  zev hurtwitz     zhurwitz@ucsd.edu 



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Superstition: 
the Surest 
Path to a 
Letdown

Like other impressionable fourth graders, I thought that the special faded T-shirt 
I wore to competitions would 
magically make me smarter or more 
efficient. At the time, the evidence 
in its favor was staggering. Every 
time I wore it, I would do well. 
Unfortunately, I had to learn the 
hard way that my lucky T-shirt, with 
its cracked Quiksilver logo and mul-
tiple holes, was not in fact able to 
net me an extra 40 percent on every 
test. Most painful, though, was the 
revelation that all my other supersti-
tions were also just vicious scams.

Many of my childhood behav-
iors had been rooted in irrationali-
ty. Going to sleep at 11:11 the night 
before a big event, the peculiar way 
I laced my cleats — I fastidiously 
observed a list of rituals merely 
because I had done so once and 
enjoyed some success. 

This problem, termed non-
contingent reinforcement, was 
investigated to great lengths by 
famed psychologist B.F. Skinner in 
1948. An experiment was set up 
using caged pigeons, which were 
rewarded with food regardless of 
what they did. Skinner found that 
three-quarters of the observed 
pigeons would start repeating any 
odd actions that they had been 
doing when they were fed, such as 
bobbing their heads upside down, 
frantically scratching their wings 
or turning in circles. Their come-
dic antics, which had no bearing 
whatsoever on their being fed, bear 
uncanny similarities to the often-
goofy things that we do in an effort 
to replicate success.

However, while those of us who 
have shattered a mirror recently 
or been confronted by a black cat 
might breathe a sigh of relief at 
the foolishness of superstition, we 
should note that ritualistic practices 
are sometimes helpful. Simple rites 
tend to have a placebo effect — if 
we believe in their efficacy we will 
have more confidence and perform 
better. Take pre-exam concentra-
tion rituals, for example. A 2011 
University of Chicago study found 
that those who write down their 
thoughts prior to starting the test 
tend to do better. Whether or 
not this actually works is another 
matter, but the mere belief that it 
increases our score will lead us to 
attack the questions with great faith 
in our abilities.

Superstitions are not always 
played out on such a trivial scale, 
however. Most buildings worldwide 
omit the 13th floor, while airplanes 
omit the 13th aisle. While simply 
relabeling the number on the eleva-
tor doesn’t magically make the 13th 
floor anything other than the 13th, it 
puts people at peace. With unlucky 
numbers or otherwise, we appear to 
be a society of hopeless lunatics.

Lunacy aside, the lingering 
question is what you can do to help 
your luck once the dreaded finals 
week swings by. There are several 
directions in which to turn. You 
can walk backwards underneath 
Sun God, you could write with the 
hotel pen you’ve had since forever, 
or you might try actually studying. 
I, on the other hand, know a sure-
fire route to success. I’ll be sipping 
on some Felix Felicis.

Kelvi n  Noron ha  
knoronha@ucsd.edu

Thinking Caps

A Financial Furlough
ediTorial

by Cassondra randolph
ACGC Planning Committee Chair
Junior, Thurgood Marshall College

We all understand the limita-
tions of the six-college system. 
Many of us are discussing one 
of the biggest issues right now: 
When it comes time to gradu-
ate, you are separated from some 
of your closest friends. It’s not 
only a downer, but it can be plain 
frustrating. That’s why the All 
Campus Graduation Celebration 
was created. It’s the only time 
graduates from all colleges, current 
students and families can celebrate 

all together with food, beer and 
live music. Although this is an 
annual event that is part of UCSD 
Commencement Weekend, ACGC 
is not the same event you may have 
heard about in the past. As chair of 
the ACGC committee, I set out to 
create an awesome team made up 
of some of the same students who 
brought you the Sun God Festival, 
Bear Garden and Hullabaloo. The 
results have been incredible.

I would describe this event as 
family-friendly Bear Garden meets 
live concert. Attendees will have a 
selection of a dozen food trucks and 
vendors to choose from including 

InSlider Gourmet Burgers, My Urban 
Eats, Delicioso and Sno-Cones. There 
will also be beer and wine served for 
those who are 21 and over. If you’re a 
“One Tree Hill” fan, you’ll be excited 
to hear that Robert Buckley, Muir 
ʼ03, will be kicking off the celebra-
tion. The Rocket Summer will be per-
forming on the main stage while you 
sample the many tastes of San Diego 
available to you.

This is your time to celebrate 
with peers and families, no matter 
what college you represent. Best of 
all, you can leave your cap and gown 
at home. Come early: The first 500 
graduates to arrive will receive a free 

Class of 2013 beach towel.
If you are graduating next 

month, congratulations on the 
accomplishment. Your ticket to 
the event is free; Just bring your 
student ID to the Price Center Box 
Office any time before the event. If 
you would like to attend the event 
and are not graduating, you can 
purchase a ticket for $10 at the Box 
Office. The event starts at 5 p.m. 
on June 14. If you still have ques-
tions, check out seniors.ucsd.edu 
for more information. I am proud 
of the ACGC 2013 event and am 
looking forward to celebrating with 
the Class of 2013.

Revamped All-Campus Graduation Celebration Is a Must-See

A.S. Council must either 
give back the student fee 

funds it has withheld from 
the six college councils since 

2006, or stop making 
students pay for them.

On television game shows, con-testants sometimes will eat cockroaches or jump from 
planes to earn a quarter of a million dol-
lars. At UCSD, the six college student 
councils have their own way to earn that 
sum of money: charge everyone enrolled 
in classes 65 cents in student fees every 
quarter for six years.

The difference, however, is that the 
game show winners actually receive 
their cash prizes after the competition. 
College councils have not received a 
penny of the funding that A.S. Council 
owes them since 2006.

According to a recent report compiled 
by a former councilmember, A.S. Council 
has withheld over $44,000 in funding to 
the college student councils for most of the 
past decade. The fee, which was approved 
by the student body as a 50-cent increase 
in 1985 and raised to 65 cents in 1988, is 
meant to be allocated annually back to 
college councils, but A.S. Council discon-
tinued the funding allocation to college 
councils in 2006.

Years later, council has been served 
with a grievance for the financial neglect 
which the co-authors of the document 
say is an A.S. constitutional mandate. 

Granted, we expect that there is likely 
some political motivation behind the tim-
ing of the grievance, but the authors — all 
three former councilmembers — see only 
two solutions: end the fee by a repeal 
referendum, or cough up the dough. A.S. 
Council needs to stop avoiding the college 
council funding action, and stop violating 
its own constitution.

College council funding exists to boost 
student activity funding at the college level, 
at least in theory. The money is not a ton 
of coin (What would one expect for 65 
cents?), but the roughly $8,000 each col-
lege expects to receive annually is certainly 
enough to run a sizable event, or help 
maintain basic operations.

With that in mind, the loss of the 
funding hasn’t completely killed the col-
lege councils. The six councils, at least 
since we’ve been here, have been fully 
operational and are making do, even in 
the face of financial struggle (a familiar 
feeling). It is certainly possible that col-
lege councils are treading water or even 
thriving in the absence of the money 
they are owed, but the real problem lies 
with the fee-paying student.

illustration   by  janella  payumo

Laira Martin
Editor in ChiEf

Zev hurwitz
Managing Editor

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Lauren Koa
assoCiatE opinion Editor

Mekala neelakantan
nEws Editor

aleksandra Konstantinovic
assoCiatE nEws Editor

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San diego. Contents © 

2013. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of regents, the aSUCSd or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

See college councils, page 5

GUEST COMMENTARY



Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Jacey Aldredge  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
Associate Lifestyle Editors: Vincent Pham & Jean Lee  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

The National’s anthem 
stays in trouble and out 
of  satisfaction.

PAge 8

Love is a labour to 
be lost in “Before 
Midnight.”

PAge 8

music FiLm  &  tv things to  do

k enneth Anger pulled himself out of the cement-grey quicksand of suburban Santa Monica in the 
early 1940s only to find himself face-
to-face with two daunting and inexo-
rable obstacles. The first was a com-
pulsion to make films — dense and 
mystical films. Films that arranged 
satanic and sacred symbology within 
Hollywood melodrama and that 
reimagined a silent-era America in 
which occultist Aleister Crowley’s 
psychedelic Egyptian spiritualism per-
meated the collective consciousness. 
Films the likes of which had never 
been made. He began making them 
when he was 10 years old.

The second obstacle was his being 
a gay man years before the legislation 
of homosexuality in the United States.

It was the latter which got him 
thrown in prison on “obscenity” 
charges following a public film screen-
ing in 1947. It was the former which 
brought the first American film with 
pervasive and self-implicating homo-
sexual themes — Anger’s masterpiece, 
“Fireworks” — to the Supreme Court, 
where it was famously deemed art 
rather than pornography. Anger was 
released from prison, and so were 
his inner demons — now fueled by a 
radical spirit and an ever-deepening 
obsession with Hollywood’s B-list 
tabloid fantasies and Crowley’s black 
magic rhetoric.

It’s almost a shame that 
“Fireworks” is rarely mentioned his-
torically without the words “homo-
erotic” or “court case” appearing 
within the first sentence of its descrip-
tion. This is only to say that Anger’s 
cinematic voice wholly transcends 
any obligatory ties to its sociopoliti-
cal groundbreaking. “Fireworks” is a 
stunning fever dream that navigates 
documentary (the contemporary 
rawness of the bedroom scenes) and 
hyper-staged Hollywood conventions 
(the sets, the dramatic studio light-
ing and the attention to the artificial 
ephemera of Hollywood worlds: 
the costumes, the makeup, the fake 
blood, et cetera). And while it surely 
includes imagery that, at the time, 
would’ve been deemed homoerotic, 
“Fireworks” is, at its core, an absolute-
ly heartbreaking and deeply personal 
love story.

“This flick is all I have to say about 
being 17, the United States Navy, 

Before 
Harvey 
Milk There 
Was Anger

See Anger, page 8

ren  ebel rebel@ucsd.eduthe  haunted  tape  deck

See eAst, page 8

 
Amoral Compass

A s the location for an interview about a film set in a hidden, run-down mansion without electricity but with peeling wallpaper and vines reaching through its open windows, 
the posh W Hotel in Downtown San Diego seems somewhat 
ironic. Especially when it’s a film that critically explores the ethics 
of consumer culture and the corporate system we are living in.

Lead actress and co-writer Brit Marling and writer-director 
Zal Batmanglij sat down with the Guardian to talk about their 
newest project, “The East,” a gripping espionage thriller that 
rapidly nabbed a spot on the list of most anticipated movies at 
this year’s Sundance Film Festival. They’ve been making their 
mark on the indie scene for quite some time now, with films like 
“Another Earth,” which Marling starred in, or “The Recordist” 
(directed by Batmanglij, also starring Marling). If those don’t 
ring a bell, their critically acclaimed 2011 psychological thriller 
“Sound of My Voice” might: a film about two journalists who 
want to debunk a cult led by the mysterious Maggie (Marling) 
but instead inevitably become ensnared by it.

“The East” plunges into the realms of subculture with Marling 
in the lead role. This time, she plays an overambitious agent, 
Sarah, who works for a private intelligence firm that helps cor-
porations hide their crimes from the public. She is sent to spy 
on The East, an anarchist collective of eco-terrorists that tries 
to seek revenge on these corporations by beating them at their 
own games. Determined to bring the collectives to justice, she 
soon successfully integrates herself with the group. But the more 
time she spends with them, the more emotionally connected she 
becomes — especially with Benji (Alexander Skarsgard, “True 

Blood”) — and soon faces the moral contradictions of fighting 
for justice as an intelligence agent on the one hand and as an 
activist on the other.

“The East” is a film that raises many questions, but — deliber-
ately — leaves out the answers.

“We are no message senders,” Marling said. “There was no 
way we were ever going to make a didactic movie with an answer 
for what should be done. I think it’s too hard to make sense of 
our times in order to have a prescription; we are so interested in 
the questions. We left that summer with more questions than we 
had answers, for sure.”

Consequently, Marling said, it is left to viewers to judge each 
character’s decisions and actions. We are carried along until we 
slowly begin to put ourselves in their positions, wondering what 
is right versus wrong.

“How far would you go to avenge your sister’s death at the 
hands of a corporation? If your father was responsible for harm-
ing people he had never met, would you be able to hold him 
accountable?” Marling asked. “If you are obsessed with the letter 
of the law, how far could you go to protect the man you love if his 
lifeblood is anarchy?”

Judging by these difficult moral questions, it would be 
wrong to peg “The East” as just another social issue movie, 
despite its provocative tone. In fact, it is primarily a multi-
layered journey in which the characters are constantly 
stretched to their emotional limits. Take Sarah— whose ini-
tial image of a strong-willed woman slowly blurs while she is 
more and more forced to question her principles. 

Director Zal Batmanglij and actress Brit Marling discuss their upcoming 
psychological thriller “The East” and its sociopolitical intentions.  

BY  Alexandra  Fergen  Staff Writer

Summer in 
San Diego
is Calling.

PAge 7



Nothing livens up San Diego 
like the Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon. 
Thousands of out-of-state visitors, 
rock music, Elvis impersonators 
and a course that encompasses 
most of South San Diego creates 
a perfect atmosphere for one of 
California’s largest and most popu-
lar marathons. The 20,000 runners 
and estimated 100,000 spectators 
can attest to that fact. Every year 
since 1998, San Diegans and visitors 
alike lace up their running shoes 
for the San Diego Rock ‘n’ Roll 
Marathon. Registration fees for this 
annual event benefit the Leukemia 
and Lymphoma Society. This year’s 

race takes place bright and early at 
6:15 a.m. on Sunday, June 2. The 
26.2-mile event begins at Balboa 
Park and encompasses most of San 
Diego, including nine miles of scenic 
oceanfront views and a stretch inside 
SeaWorld, and ends at Petco Park. A 
half marathon, a 5K race and a 7K 
race will also occur while the mara-
thon is going on.

Watching the race isn’t the only 
form of entertainment — there will 
be live music from local San Diego 
musicians, and high school cheer 
squads will perfom along the course 
to keep morale and excitement up. 
After the race, there will be a concert 
with headliner The Psychedelic Furs 
— an English post-punk and new 

wave band. But don’t forget the best 
thing about races — free food, drinks 
and other promotional items available 
for both runners and spectators. 

It’s not too late to register for the 
marathon or any of the smaller races. 
Go to the San Diego Rock ‘n’ Roll 
website, and fill out the registration 
form. Although the fee is high — 
$125 — the money goes toward can-
cer research. Due to the increased 
volume of traffic and pedestrians 
on the day of the race, the Guardian 
does not recommend taking the 
MTS bus or trolley system to get to 
the race — find a ride instead.

BY  n ichole  Perri  Staff Writer

LIFESTYLE T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  7
Lost in 
Translation: 
California 
Dreamin’

lara budge  
mia florin-sefton 
lifestyle@ucsdGuardian.ORG

mind  the  gap

t he first stage of grief is denial. We cannot quite bear the thought that we will be part-
ing with California imminently. 
Our first column was an attempt 
to expose the secrets of rushing, 
and every column since seems to 
have essentially been a record of us 
partying or raging in different loca-
tions (e.g. Santa Barbara, Berkeley, 
Vegas, I-House, Coachella).

Ironic, given that we had both 
independently Googled UCSD 
prior to our arrival and found 
that it was supposedly “socially 
dead.” Having spoken to other 
internationals at UC campuses 
and reflected on our own experi-
ences, we have concluded we’ve had 
a pretty “dank” deal (or a bloody 
good time). 

Given that this is our last col-
umn, we wanted to give our final 
British perspective on California 
and the Land of the Free. People 
often ask us about the main cul-
tural differences between here and 
home. While we never observed 
a huge cultural shock, there is 
something undeniably dissimilar, 
although it’s almost impossible to 
explain. Here is our best attempt.

Although we speak the same 
language, there are some things 
that are just completely lost in 
translation. British colloquialisms 
are often just completely lost on 
Americans. Take note.

“Got on like a house on fire” is 
not a literal expression, and we are 
not arsonists. For us, “Fancy Dress” 
on an invitation is a cue to wear 
your best costume, not your best 
button-up. Just a teaser: Come visit 
us in Great Britain and we will pop 
the trunk, take out the trash and 
host a “car boot sale.” For those of 
you who are unfamiliar with this 
idea, a “car boot sale” is essentially 
a vintage market with people sell-
ing things from the trunks of their 
cars. Despite what you Americans 
may imagine British people saying, 
never in either of our 21 years have 
we heard someone say, “Chip, chip, 
Cheerio!”

Americans always say they love 
British comedy, British accents and 
British clothing. Yet they haven’t 
mastered British sarcasm and self-
deprecating humour. Americans 
need to learn — it’s always funniest 
when you are laughing at yourself. 

site  seen

Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon San Diego
Kick off summer with the right beat by running, dancing and funding cancer research.

readers can contact
nichole  Perri     NPerri@ucsd.edu 

With only the community of rich old folk and the occasional tourists to keep you company, summer in La Jolla may seem like a snooze fest to students. But you can still scratch that summer itch by having fun under the San Diego sun with these beach activities.

See Column, page 9

Summer Activities
Throw on your swimsuit, slather on some sunscreen, and kick off 
summer by escaping into the great outdoors with these activities.

spear  fishing  BY HILLARY DAKIN
Spearfishing is not a summer activity for the faint of heart. It is 

exactly what its name suggests: hunting fish using a spear. The spear can 
be propelled by hand and the use of an elastic band, which is referred 
to as a polespear, or it can be fired from a pneumatic gun. Hunters 
usually wear diving gear, though a snorkel can be substituted as well. 
Spearfishing is one of the most environmentally friendly fishing meth-
ods, because hunters target a single fish at a time, leaving no bycatch, 
and causing no pollution damage to underwater habitats. It can also 
provide a fresh meal for those willing to brave the deep. There are some 
costs to take into consideration, as spearfishing requires investing in 
diving equipment, like wetsuits and goggles, as well as the polespear or 
spear-gun itself. Those “catches” aside, spearfishing is an art that can 
be practiced locally in La Jolla and along the shoreline of California 
in areas where fishing is permitted. Beforehand, it is also important to 
research laws on size limits and to be aware of which species can be tar-
geted. There are a few dive shops near campus that provide equipment, 
such as the Spear Shack of Ocean Beach. La Jolla Water Sports also 
offers guided spearfishing tours ($80) for novices and experts alike.

snorkeling  BY HILLARY DAKIN
Easily one of the most accessible beach activities for the casual 

beachgoer, snorkeling is a popular pastime, since it requires little 
additional skill beyond basic swimming ability. It is a great way to 
relax and cool down during the warm summer months. As far as 
equipment goes, only a snorkel and a mask are necessary in order to 
set out to discover the interesting sights beneath the water’s surface. 
As locations go, La Jolla Cove is not only one of the most acclaimed 
snorkeling spots; it is also quite accessible from campus. As a marine 
ecological reserve, it has a wide variety of sea life native to California, 
such as garibaldi, sea lions and lobsters. La Jolla Shores and Mission 
Bay are also good places to snorkel. While snorkeling is very novice 
friendly, some services are available to take groups on guided tours 
through more challenging areas. Snorkeling San Diego offers a tour 
of the famed La Jolla Cove ($70) as well as the breeding grounds for 
local leopard sharks in La Jolla (pricing depends on group size). La 
Jolla Water Sports also offers a tour of the Cove (pricing is available 
upon request). Both services provide paying customers with a mask, 
snorkel, and fins.

stand  up  Paddle  Boarding  BY MOZELLE ARMIJO
A cross between kayaking and surfing, stand up paddle boarding is perfect for those 

who want a relaxing way to enjoy the waves while still getting a full body workout. The 
cost of SUP in La Jolla is relatively high (prices range from $75 to over $100), but the 
Mission Bay Aquatic Center — only 20 minutes south of La Jolla — boasts a number 
of water sports at a special discounted price for UCSD students. Splurge on a two-hour 
introductory SUP lesson for $39 and learn the basics of the sport on the calm waters of 
Mission Bay. After mastering the basics, up the ante with some other challenging SUP 
courses. MBAC offers intensive exercise classes, such as SUPcore Yoga, in which you do 
yoga while floating on your board, or SUPcore Fit, in which you complete rigorous pad-
dling sets that will put your athletic prowess to the test. SUP will leave your body sore the 
next morning, but it’s so fun that you’ll yearn to go back and try it again.

kayaking  BY MOZELLE ARMIJO
Only 10 minutes from campus, La Jolla Kayak offers an array of kayaking experiences 

sure to make for a day outside. Breathe in the salty air on a two-hour kayak tour of La Jolla 
Cove’s Seven Caves and Underwater Park for only $49. Don’t forget to take an underwater 
camera to document the experience. Take photos of dolphins and sea lions, or snap pic-
tures of your friends as they ungracefully flip their kayaks. For those who crave adventure, 
La Jolla Kayak also offers a snorkel-and-kayak combination tour that begins with a guided 
kayaking tour of the La Jolla caves followed by a snorkel session with leopard sharks, bat 
rays and fish. Not only is kayaking a fun activity for those flying solo; it’s also perfect for all 
the summer lovebirds out the there. For only $70, couples can go on an hour-and-a-half-
long guided tour and end the evening by soaking in the romantic sunset from their kayaks. 
While kayaking in La Jolla mainly revolves around sight-seeing, the Mission Bay Aquatic 
Center offers a two-and-a-half hour-long lesson that focuses on technique and will have 
you kayaking like a pro in no time. If you have already mastered the skill of kayaking, skip 
the tour and venture into La Jolla’s uncharted waters with a kayak rental for just $30. 

illustration  by  jeffrey lau



8     T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  A&E

i f esoteric awards were ever war-ranted, one would go to Richard Linklater’s ability to not once, 
but twice, create a sequel that rivals 
the original film in power. In both 
the cases of “Before Sunset” and 
the writer-director’s latest, “Before 
Midnight,” his sequels do not merely 
parrot the original but enhance it 
and add commentary.

“Before Sunrise” (1995), the first 
film in Linklater’s (for now) tril-
ogy, chronicles roughly 12 hours, 
as Jesse (Ethan Hawke, “Gattaca”) 
and Celine (Julie Delpy, “2 Days 
in Paris”) meet on a train heading 
to Vienna and decide to spend a 
night together in the city. In 2004’s 
“Before Sunset,” the two, having not 
communicated with each other since 
their previous interaction, unexpect-
edly reconnect for an afternoon in 
Paris nine years later.

Like the first sequel, “Before 
Midnight” is set another nine years 
after “Before Sunset” and acts as 
counterpoint to the two preced-
ing films, as Jesse and Celine now 
finally have what they dreamed of, 
living together as parents in a com-
mitted relationship. If, thematically, 
“Sunrise” explored young love and 
fantasy, and “Sunset” depicted re-
discovered love, “Midnight” is an 
examination of what happens to fan-
tasy when it is realized and romance 

when it clashes with reality.
The film finds the couple in 

Greece at the end of their sum-
mer vacation. As before, Linklater 
uses the idyllic foreign landscape 
as a backdrop to the conversations 
between the two, but since it’s set 
in an ocean-side town rather than 
the bustling cities of the two previ-
ous films, the pair consequentially 
feels isolated, and the film is more 
focused on their personal history. 
The lack of any real background 
music reinforces this singular focus 
on the couple.

The film starts relaxed enough, 
though, with the charm and witty 
dialogue between the Hawke and 
Delpy still abundant. In one of the 
early single-cut scenes in the film, 
the couple is driving along the coast 
when Celine complains about Jesse 
ogling young women. Jesse mocks 
her insecurity by putting on a “sexy” 
pseudo-European accent and, in 
broken English, slurs, “No … I make 
love to them with my eyes.” The 
familiar banter provides plenty of 
humor in the beginning of the film, 
but small incidents like this also serve 
to reveal the underlying instability in 
the couple’s relationship, underpin-
ning the constraints each feel in a 
committed relationship.

The small squabbles between the 
couple eventually converge in a big-

ger argument about their future 
together. This final scene, nearly 
30 minutes long, allows both char-
acters to vocalize their emotional 
baggage unrestrained. This scene is 
a marked departure from the play-
ful nature of the previous two films, 
as both characters tear into each 
other’s weaknesses.

Part of the appeal of these films is 
that Jesse and Celine exist as height-
ened versions of us — more gregari-
ous and passionate than we generally 
are. Linklater makes a bold move by 
showing his characters at their low-
est rather than attempting to phone 
in the sentimental. For viewers of 
the prequels, the film is especially 
rewarding, as Jesse and Celine’s dis-
putes can be framed against their 
personal history, begging the ques-
tion of what a relationship should be 
founded upon.

Both Hawke and Delpy deliver 
their roles perfectly in this film, 
echoing the problems faced in real 
relationships without ever becoming 
operatic. They fight like real people, 
bringing up uncalled-for details and 
never knowing when to quit. With 
neither an easy way out of their dif-
ferences, nor moral superiority on 
either side, Jesse and Celine’s disputes 
about the real choices partners have 
to make turn the story into a micro-
cosm of what most couples will face 
10 years down the line.

The film’s realism is only 
enhanced with the natural aging of 
Hawke and Delpy. No CGI can dupli-
cate the way their faces and bodies 
have been worn by the passing years, 
and Linklater never lets the camera 
hide this facet of their chemistry. 
With his unobtrusive use of camera 
and long single-shot sequences, it’s 
hard to believe the film is meticulous-
ly scripted rather than improvised.

“Before Midnight” is a harder sell 
for cinemagoers than its two prequels. 
Viewers should watch its earlier coun-
terparts in order to better appreciate 
the changing dynamic of Jesse and 
Celine’s relationship. Like other films 
about couples facing relationship dif-
ficulties (“Blue Valentine” comes to 
mind), the viewing experience can be 
exacting, but for those looking for a 
niche film that realistically portrays 
the difficulties of love, there are few 
as well-crafted and uncompromising 
as “Before Midnight.”

—  dieter  joubert
associate a&E editor

Directed by Richard Linklater
Starring Julie Delpy, Ethan Hawke
rated R
release Date May 24

Before  midnight
Linklater ties up his trilogy about love with an 
uncompromising depiction of fading ardor.

FiLm   revieW

A-

ALBum  revieW

A t this point, The National could be considered heavy-weights in the alternative 
genre. The band has released five 
LPs which have ranged from being 
worth a good listen (their self-titled 
album) to sounding so good that 
hipsters would lynch you for men-
tioning their name in vain (“High 
Violet”) — so there is no reason 
to assume that their latest album, 
“Trouble Will Find Me” would 
be anything less than respectable. 
However, any listeners expecting 
much more than that might find 
themselves a little disappointed.

Fans of The National should 
be familiar with lead singer Matt 
Berninger’s melodic, baritone vocals. 
“Trouble Will Find Me” has strong, 
compelling singing throughout, and in 
“Demons,” Berninger takes full advan-
tage of his talents by singing a beauti-

ful, lulling bass melody over dreamily 
delayed guitars. Considering that 99 
percent of singers in the alternative 
genre have a note range that implies 
that their testicles never dropped, 
Berninger’s consistently deep voice is a 
refreshing change of pace.

The problem is that apart from 
the novelty of Berninger’s vocals, 
everything else regarding the album’s 
arrangements is average. Apart from 
a few standouts, like the dark bass-
range synth and muted guitar on 
“Fireproof,” most of the instrumental 
arrangements — and the sound in 
general — are uninteresting and won’t 
hold a listener’s attention. Though 
“boring” can be a hard characteristic 
to quantify, a listen to “Graceless” 
or “This is the Last Time” will show 
that there isn’t anything special or 
worthwhile about either song in 
terms of instruments — both contain 

bland guitar or piano that convey 
chords but do nothing interesting or 
memorable. “Graceless” and “Don’t 
Swallow the Cup” both have a rock 
‘n’ roll feel on the drums, but they 
lack the kind of energy of, say, an 
Arcade Fire song. Most of the album 
faces similar impediments. 

For those who can get past the 
uncompelling sound, though the 
lyrical content can be very reward-
ing. The album is centered on the 
ways that Berninger’s old friend-
ships affect him in the present, 
and although it might be difficult 
to portray that subject matter, The 
National pulls it off. “Pink Rabbits” 
plays into this them e with the cho-
rus, “Am I the one you think about/ 
When you’re sitting in your faint-
ing chair drinking pink rabbits?” 
Likewise, other songs, like “Slipped” 
and “Heavenfaced,” use similarly 
compelling imagery, and many of the 
songs have found the vital balance of 
leaving some things open to inter-
pretation while not being frustrat-
ingly metaphorical. The lyrical qual-
ity is barely enough to balance out 
the album’s “meh” sound, and the 
result is a compilation that’s more 
well-written than it is enjoyable.

—   kyle  somers                                                
staff writer

Thoughtfully-penned lyrics and exceptional vocals fall 
flat with a mundane sound.

"trouble  Will  Find  me"
by  the  national
release date may  7

6/10

American Christmas and the Fourth 
of July,” Anger often said of the film.

Much in the way that David 
Lynch would (four decades later) 
abstract Hollywood conventions 
to develop his distinct brand of 
American surrealism, Anger dis-
sected these tropes with the tenacity 
of a madman, creating familiar and 
haunting dream spaces that his clos-
eted thoughts could inhabit.

In more ways than one, Kenneth 
Anger was advanced. The fact that 
he was making films this experimen-
tal and sublime in the ’40s and ’50s 

is astonishing. He tirelessly made 
art in a punk frame of mind years 
before the Velvet Underground or 
the Stooges were even foggy blips on 
the horizon. Lynch, as well as John 
Waters and Martin Scorsese, often 
cite Anger as a major influence. And, 
of course, Anger was undeniably 
a crucial gay rights activist, if only 
because he was determined to make 
his art, no matter what the public 
called “lewd” or “obscene.” For the 
first time in American cinema, 
Anger made gay culture visible to 
the public simply by embedding it in 
some of the most potent and time-
less cinematic work ever made.

Kenneth Anger Paved the Way for Gay 
Rights with His Heavy Hitting Films
▶ Anger, from page 6

“I don’t ever get any pleasure out 
of watching a sort of thinly discussed 
social commentary,” Marling said. 
“I love information. I love people 
showing me a world that I have 
never seen before and characters I 
have never met before, but I want 
them to let me think on my own. We 
try to be aware of that.”

They do it well — and it’s 
because they know what they’re 
talking about. After all, this film is 
not merely a product of thorough 
research about anarchist collectiv-
ists and their deliberate decision 
against conventionality: It stems 
from Marling and Batmanglij’s real-
life experiences. Inspired by the 
“freegan” movement — the idea of 
embracing a community-based life 
that rejects the concepts of mate-
rialism and consumerism — they 
decided to spend a summer living 
off the grid, growing their own 
food, dumpster diving and becom-
ing radically autonomous beings.

“We learned to train hop, and 
we started to work on a organic 
farm,” Marling said. “Once you 
fall in with travelers, you fall in 
with freegans; once you fall in with 
freegans, then, you find the anar-
chist collectivists.”

According to Batmanglij, these 
collectives pool in places all over 
the world.

“There are lots of anarchist groups 
all over Europe, Berlin especially. Big 
time. There are lots of squads, for 
sure,” he said. “It’s not something that 
most people have heard of, even in 
America. It’s a whole other lifestyle; 
it’s not like a hotel. You can’t just look 
it up and go there.”

The freegan “lifestyle” attracts peo-
ple of many different socioeconomic 
backgrounds, sharing their anarchist 
manifestos, especially online.

“The beauty of the Internet is 
that it’s connecting all sorts of dis-
parate groups together; all sorts of 
fringe movements are gaining the 
followers who really want to follow 
it,“ Batmanglij said.

This social diversity can also be 
seen in “The East,” in which a col-
lege dropout, a med-school graduate, 
a hacker, an ex-soldier, a street kid, 
etc. — all of them with their own 
personal reasons — join forces to 
fight for their beliefs.

Originally, Marling and 
Batmanglij did not intend to make a 

movie that examines the complexity 
of our society’s corporate structure.

“We were always very passionate 
about these [freegan] ideas in theory, 
but it wasn’t until we lived them that 
we really understood them emotion-
ally,” Batmanglij said. 

Batmanglij particularly recalls 
the BP oil disaster in 2010 as both a 
driving and confirmative force in the 
writing process.

“Sometimes, confidence is the 
ingredient that you need to get going, 
and that gave us confidence,” he said.

It is this rich repertoire of first-
hand experiences and profound 
investigation that make “The East” 
so authentic. But their summer on 
the American road wasn’t always 
fun. Batmanglij and Marling encoun-
tered many situations that took time 
to get used to — moments when 
both wanted to quit and go back to 
their conventional way of life.

Batmanglij recalls his most chal-
lenging experience: when his group 
found some broken bicycles, fixed 
them and went downtown toward 
the city’s fountain.

“We were playing around 
downtown, and it started to rain a 
little bit,” he said. “A few of us just 
started to take off their clothes and 
jumped in the fountain. You know, 
just having fun. I did not want get 
into that fountain.”

With the rain coming down, a 
long bike ride back and the definite 
prospect of an uneasy night on the 
floor with the squad ahead of him, 
Batmanglij would have had rather 
given up and taken a hot shower, but 
he decided to stick it out.

“The rain was pouring so hard 
— at some point, you just let go. You 
just break. Then, you look around 
and think: ‘I’m young. I’m not alone. 
I got my best friend and this whole 
community. Rain isn’t going to hurt 
me,” he said.  “There’s nothing to 
look forward to. There’s nothing in 
the past. There’s just this ride.’ You 
feel the wheels going and the rain 
hitting your back.”

The same is true of Sarah: A num-
ber of times, we see her on the brink 
of giving up, yet she always battles her 
way through. And although her final 
decision in the moment of truth is 
unexpected, it is meaningful in vari-
ous ways. “The East” leaves it up to us 
to unravel its implications.

readers can contact
Alexandra Fergen     afergen@ucsd.edu 

“The East” Defies Convention for a Trek 
into the Minds of  an Anarchist Collective
▶ eAst, from page 6



LIFESTYLE T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  9

 Cash for 
books

We buy over one million 
different titles.

We have learnt to really appreciate 
how outgoing Americans can be. 
From you, we can learn that not 
every stranger is a murderer, and 
it doesn’t hurt to be friendly and 
strike up a conversation on the tube 
(sometimes called the subway). 
Another point: America could do 
with a tube. California needs to get 
a proper public transport system, 
both for the environment and for 

struggling internationals who can’t 
afford a truck.

On a side note: A temperature 
where “freezing” isn’t actually minus 
numbers makes absolutely no sense. 
Water freezes at 0 and boils at 100 
degrees Celsius — enough said. 

The extent of social network-
ing in America continues to amaze 
us. Americans “like” everything. 
#stoptakingphotosofyourselfandy-
ourmealsonInstagram. Having met 
Americans, our news feeds will 

never be the same. We read far too 
many emotional statuses — despite 
what Facebook asks, not everyone 
really cares exactly “What’s on your 
mind?” We’ve read a few articles 
that suggest you can become 
addicted to Facebook and Twitter. 
We recommend either controlling 
that trigger finger or rehab.

The drinking age is a constant 
source of bafflement and frustra-
tion. To think that at 18 you can go 
to war but cannot have a legal beer, 

outside, in an open container, is 
ludicrous to say the least. The per-
ils of a high drinking age became 
obvious on the fateful May 17. 
Sun God 2K13: the one day of the 
year when all UCSD students rally 
against the “socially dead” stereo-
type — and who remembers it? The 
last thing we remember are Jell-O 
shots for breakfast.

California, there is a reason 
you are called the Golden State. 
(Careful. We feel an emotional 

status coming on). We are now full-
fledged yogis, (wannabe) surfers 
and proud members of the Greek 
community. We have loved every 
minute of our exchange, and we 
thank the Guardian for letting us 
write about it and all you wonder-
ful Americans for providing us with 
so much inspiration.

Come June 16, we will 
travel to the Deep South. Watch 
out, Texas and New Orleans. 
#MindtheGapontour.

Located off of the Sorrento 
Valley Road exit on I-5, Zumbar 
Coffee & Tea may go amiss due 
to its small sign and odd location 
— but true caffeine 
fiends would be 
disappointed if they 
missed out trying this 
establishment’s roast, 
despite its lackluster 
environment.

Immediately upon 
walking into the cafe, 
you can tell Zumbar’s 
main focus is on its 
coffee. It is a small 
shop that is mini-
malist in all regards: 
plain walls, limited seating and a 
lack of decor. 

Customers do not linger. The 
majority of action in the store takes 
place behind the counter, where 
the espresso machine is constantly 
buzzing and friendly baristas are 
hustling to prepare each customer’s 

brew. 
The visual highlight of the 

shop, a vintage cast-iron roasting 
machine, lies in plain sight behind 
the counter.

A limited menu offers the classic 
espresso drinks, rang-
ing in price from $2 to 
$3.85. Zumbar also has 
individual French press-
es ($3.85), each featur-
ing one of their signa-
ture roasts. They offer 
delicious pastries, vari-
ous croissants, muffins 
and scones, provided by 
Opera Patisserie ($1.90 
to $2.75) and the Vegan 
Donut Bakery ($1.80 to 
$2.75), which will please 

customers looking for an accompa-
niment to their coffee. 

The limited indoor and out-
door seating makes it difficult to 
enjoy Zumbar’s drinks on location. 
However, if you can snag a seat at 
one of the few tables, it’s the perfect 
place to enjoy an individual press 

with either a book or a laptop cour-
tesy of their free Wi-Fi.

Zumbar roasts beans every day, 
except on Sundays, when they’re 
closed. The type of bean offered on 
any given day will change, and the 
variety will keep customers com-
ing back. Zumbar highlights their 
roasting technique and experi-
mentation that goes into the bean-
roasting process, with descriptions 
like “buttery sweet lemon, floral 
and spice” and “hints of chocolate 
spice.” Customers can buy small 
packages of beans to roast at home; 
prices range from $10.95 to $12.75. 

Zumbar may not be the best 
study space, due to its limited seat-
ing and tight quarters, but it is the 
perfect grab-and-go place for coffee 
lovers to get their daily fix. 

With a constantly rotating selec-
tion of high-quality coffee beans, 
caffeine fiends are guaranteed to be 
continually pleased.

cAFFeine  Fiend

Zumbar Coffee & Tea
Focus not on the minimalist atmosphere, but rejoice in the artisan coffee roasts.

BY  Adri en n e Foley  STaff Writer

hours: 
Mon. - Fri. 6 am to 
5 pm,
Sat. 7:30 am to 1 pm,
Sun. Closed

Location:
10920 Roselle St., 
San Diego, CA
92121

readers can contact
Adrienne Foley    AFoley@ucsd.edu 

▶ Column, from page 7

Weather, Public Transit and Jell-O Shots to Top Off  Our California Adventure #cheerstothegoldenstate



o P i N i o N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  5

Students pay this fee because 
folks old enough to be our parents 
voted to fund the then-four college 
councils to breathe life into the part 
of our university that the admis-
sions office prides itself in “making 
a big university small.” We aren’t 
paying into the system just to boost 
A.S. Council’s own checkbook. This 
fee is inherently owed to colleges, 
and if they aren’t seeing the green, 
we shouldn’t pay the fee.

The real antagonists here are 
not the current councilmembers, 
who were only sworn in four 
weeks ago. A tentative budget for 
the 2013–2014 year shows A.S. 
Council planning a small allotment 
of around $7,300 to the colleges 

(albeit with an asterisk indicating 
that the allocation is up for review 
in the fall). This is certainly a step 
in the right direction, but nowhere 
near the $248,144.85 cited in the 
report released last week.

A.S. Council has been spending 
the money owed to college coun-
cils as if it were part of its normal 
revenue, with the funds being allo-
cated elsewhere — in part to close 
gaps in its budget like it had in Fall 
Quarter 2012. Regardless of fault, 
current students are still paying for 
what has become a small Band-Aid 
for a bullet wound to the chest of 
budgetary issues.

As of now, it’s a higher prior-
ity for us to see our fees go toward 
something tangible. We pay a 
RIMAC fee, and thus, we have 

access to use the RIMAC facilities. 
Our athletic fees pay for us to have 
sports teams. The same is true for 
our University Centers fees. We 
expect some bang for our buck, 
but our student leaders have been 
shooting blanks for years.

Council needs to address this 
issue before we enter another 
year of paying for nothing. And 
while the grievance should push 
this issue to the top of the current 
council’s agenda, we hope that the 
political climate among our campus 
leaders remains stable and that this 
doesn’t spark a year of divide.

Councilmembers aren’t exempt 
from fees — they pay them, too. 
But we all deserve to be held to the 
simple economic principle of get-
ting what we pay for.

1 Month FREE!
Ask for details! Offer valid at Mira Mesa, Kearny Mesa & Fashion Valley locations only. For new customers only.  

On select units while supplies last. Cannot be combined with other discounts or offers. Expires 6/30/13.

Quick & Easy – Reserve Your Space Today!

3 FREE Boxes!
 

 
 

Fashion Valley
1501 Frazee Road 
619-633-3061

Ofﬁce Hours: 9-6 M-F, 9-5 S-S  
Access Hours: 7am-8pm, daily

*Located off of Miramar Rd & Camino Ruiz

24 Hr R
ental/ 

Payme
nt Kios

k  

availab
le at Mi

ra Mes
a  

& Kear
ny Mes

a!

Mira Mesa*
9701 Camino Ruiz 
858-790-8755

Ofﬁce Hours: 9-6 M-F, 9-5 S-S  
Access Hours: 6am-10pm, daily

Kearny Mesa
5654 Copley Drive 
858-939-9909
Ofﬁce Hours: 9-6 Mon-Tue,  

9-6 Thur-Fri, 9-5 Sat  
Access Hours: 6am-10pm, daily

a1storage.com/ucsd

Present this coupon for 3 FREE small boxes at A-1 Self Storage Mira Mesa, 
Kearny Mesa or Fashion Valley locations only. For UCSD students only.

No purchase or rental necessary. Expires 6/30/13. Limit 1 coupon per student only.

#triton

THURSDAY, 5/30, 10am-3pm

ALL ITEMS

TRITON OUTFITTERS

MERCHANDISE
SUN GOD

SALE
25% & 50% OFF

INDICATED BY
BLUE DOT

INDICATED BY
RED DOT

Halycon Days By Christie Yi

Students Are Entitled to See Tangible Returns From Their Fees
▶ college councils, from page 4

leTTers  To  The  ediTor

Dear Editor,
It’s not quite true to say that a San 

Diego-Tijuana tandem would be the 
first-ever international Olympic bid.

The World Cup is an offshoot of 
the Olympics, and like the Olympics, 
held every four years. The opening 
match of the 2002 World Cup was 
held on May 31 in Seoul, Korea and 
the final match took place on June 
30 in Yokohama, Japan. It would 
require the International Olympic 
Committee to change its constitution 
to allow multiple countries to co-host 
a Summer Olympiad.

“It’s a stain and stigma on my 
soul that can never be removed,” 
said Bill Walton in an interview with 
the U-T San Diego. “If it wasn’t for 
my failures, San Diego would have 
a vibrant, thriving NBA franchise 
playing in a new, sparkling water-
front arena. That’s the facts.”

But “predicting the fate of a pro-
fessional sports franchise is impos-
sible. But the Hall of Fame center 
is not the first to think that had he 
played up to expectations during his 
time with the San Diego Clippers, 
they wouldn’t have moved to Los 
Angeles,” concluded the interviewer. 
That’s why I had the 6-foot-11-inch 
basketball player — and Triton rugby 
team players, captains and coaches, 
too — sign a 2011 World Rugby Cup 
ball which Mayor Filner proudly 
retains: “Here we go — 2024!” 
(Signed: Bill Walton).

The USA does not directly 
finance the Olympics when a city 
wins a bid to host the games, unlike 
many countries. Instead, the govern-
ment often pays for improving facili-
ties and various other projects. The 
2002 Salt Lake City Olympic Winter 
Games were a success — the first 
major international event after the 

Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Sen. John 
McCain (R-Ariz.) made clear the 
games were important for the coun-
try and he wouldn’t stand in the way 
of money for security. Mitt [Romney] 
declined this time around.

Go Tritons! Go Bears! Go 
Chargers! Go Xolos! Go Padres! (If 
the padres hadn’t built the missions, 
we wouldn’t be living in towns called 
San Diego, Los Angeles, San Jose.)

— Richard Thompson
Alumnus ’83 

San Diego Has Reason 
for Olympic Aspirations

End the Wars and Put 
America’s Troops First
Dear Editor,

There are so many editorials that 
continue to lambaste this administra-
tion about the same three controver-
sies: the embassy attack, the IRS and 
the U.S. Department of Justice about 
phone records.

What I don’t understand is the 
conservatives continuing to put more 
pressure on this administration about 
these three events and letting the U.S. 
troops go unmentioned! Perhaps these 
editorial writers are saying, “Well the 
troops will be home next year, so let 
us argue about scandals!” It has been 
brought to my attention that the four 
deaths at the embassy cannot be com-
pared to the troops’ deaths in combat. 
To this I say, “Life is life regardless of 
how or where these deaths occurred!” 

I am not “patting myself on my 
back,” but if millions more were like 
me and continued the fight against 
the wars, perhaps the troops would 
be home already! We, as caring 
humans, should be calling, writing, 
emailing and shouting out to bring 
the troops home! It is well past time 
for this to happen.

— Timothy Monroe Bledsoe
South Carolina Resident

WRITE FOR SPORTS

GET ON THE COURT

INTERVIEW PLAYERS

GET INVOLVED

aPPlY  TodaY   at www.ucsdguardian.orgjobs

CaN'T  GeT  eNoUGh?
VisiT  oUr  WeBsiTe

www.ucsdguardian.org



10 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Complete the grid so
each row, column and
3-by-3 box (in bold
borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

nozomilajolla.com

Next to La Jolla Marriott
4150 Regents Park Row, Ste 190 - La Jolla, CA 92037

Best Happy Hour Deals in La Jolla

HAPPY
HOUR :

MON-FRI: 4:30-6:30pm
SATURDAY: 1-5pm

$1.95 SAKE BOMBS
$1 SAKE

30-50% OFF SELECTED ROLLS

GOOD DRIVERS
NEEDED

3 Bedroom/3 
Bath Townhome

Room to Rent 
at Bay Park/
Mission Bay

Get the perfect part-time job. Earn
$12.85/hour. Work on campus. Flexible
hours. Paid training. Hiring now for
summer training. UCSD students only.

Details at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

2 car garage and fireplace, 
La Jolla $545K 

Coastal Real Estate Lic.0901218 
Sherry (858)361-9908

3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage, newly 
remodeled. Looking for: non-smoker, super 
clean, professional roommate, no pets. 
Requires: $1,500.00 deposit, background 

check, $35 tenant screening;
Rent $1250.00 + ½ utilities. 

Email: drmguns@att.net

HoUSinG
3-RooM FoR REnT in LA JoLLA HoME - 
$950 - RooM FoR REnT- $950.00 - LARGE 
FURniSHED RooM WiTH BATH, AnD 
SEPARATE EnTRAnCE, in LA JoLLA HoME 
WiTH A ViEW. WALK To SHoRES BEACH. 
KiTCHEn USE. on BUS RoUTE. UTiLiTiES 
inCLUDED. PARKinG on DRiVEWAY. CALL 
JAnET AT 858-456-0865. EMAiL JAnHEY6@
AoL.CoM

3-4 Student Housing - Available 
September - 3 bedrooms 1.5 bath condo 
off Eastgate Mall Road, perfect for 3-4 
students. Washer/dryer, pool/spa. near bus 
line. Contact ninaho24@hotmail.com.

ELEC TRoniCS
Sony HT Bravia 55” 5.1ss - $1800.00 - Home 
Theatre for sale. includes: Sony Bravia 55” 
1080p 240hz 3D (with glasses and sync 
transmitter, Sony Blu-ray player/5.1 SS, 
netgear n600 Wireless Dual Band Router. 
This is the Maserati of HT entertainment. 
Everything is Wifi ready and running ether-
nets through the router and TV only make 
it faster. Therefore you can easily watch 
streaming media. Listing iD: 56723882 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

iPad Mini Black Wifi - $285 - Condtions: 
9.5/10. inCLUDE: BoX , WATER PRooF 
SCREEn PRoTECToR. CALL/TEXT: Listing 
iD: 57494961 at ucsdguardian.org/classi-
fieds for more information

Vintage Sansui - $150 - Vintage Sansui 
reciever in immaculate working and visual 
condition. Call or text Dan. Comes with 
two vintage Utah speakers. Perfect for man 
cave. Asking $150. Listing iD: 57494953 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

FURniTURE
Dresser Two night Stands - $40 - USED 
LARGE MiRRoRED DRESSER WiTH TWo 
niGHT STAnDS 40.00 FiRM. GooD 
ConDiTion. WAnT iT CALL. THAnK YoU. 
Listing iD: 56724252 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Cabinet shelf combo mint - $150 - Shelf 
and Drawer combination. Approximately 7 
feet high and 3 feet wide. nice quality ikea 
item. Listing iD: 56378850 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

p-Top Queen Mattress Set –still in bags - 
$145 - These are 2 matching pieces- brand 
new. i never took them out of the bags. 
Listing iD: 57494982 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

MUSiC SERViCES
“Sound Gallery” Award-Winning DJ 
Service. Creative, experienced, profes-
sional DJ, and a music collection second-
to-none.   Playing “Free Style” all genres 
and eras! We do: indoor/outdoor events & 
clubs. Playing: Top 40 - old School - new 
School - Latin - Jazz - Zydeco - Country - 
Slow Dancing - Pole Dancing - Flamenco 
- Waltzes - Tangos - Easy listening - Etc. 
Call DJ o. Sergio at 858.405.8210. Email: 
mainserge@ hotmail.com. Web: facebook.
com/dj.osergio

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

Mississippi. In 2009, former UCSD 
head coach Tom Black was offered 
a position at Loyola Marymount 
University, leaving a vacancy for 
Luyties.

“I love it here,” Luyties said. “The 
school is great, the administration’s 
really supportive of volleyball, and 
the student athletes are phenomenal. 
It’s great working with them.”

When asked how his playing 
experience has shaped the way he 
coaches, Luyties stressed the value of 
empathizing with his players.

“I think that is where relating to 
players, and having them know that 
I’ve done all the things that they’re 
going through, gives me a little more 
credit when I’m trying to coach them 
through things,” Luyties said. “I’ve 
pretty much played in every type of 
match and seen a lot of situations, so 
nothing really surprises me.”

Unlike Luyties, who began his 
career in Southern California and 
spent nine years to get back, UCSD 
head coach Kevin Ring never really 
left UCSD.

Ring earned his undergraduate 
degree at UCSD, completing the 
bachelor’s and master’s degree pro-
grams in chemistry while also work-
ing as a volunteer assistant coach. 
Interestingly, Ring, who only started 
playing volleyball in high school, did 
not make the UCSD squad in his 
first two years at school, and instead 
joined as an assistant coach. Ring 
proved capable enough to be recom-
mended for a position as team man-
ager for the 1992 Olympic team that 
won a bronze medal in Barcelona.

“Even though I was still so young 
at the time, I gained a lot just watch-
ing the best players in the world 
— how they trained, how they were 
coached,” Ring said. “It was just a 
tremendous experience.”

After taking two years off to 

coach and travel with the Olympic 
team, Ring returned to school and 
competed on the UCSD team for 
his last three years of college. Upon 
his graduation, Ring served as an 
assistant coach for nine seasons — 
under three different coaches — and 
also worked as an adjunct profes-
sor at the University of San Diego 

before he was promoted to head 
coach at UCSD. Ring has held the 
head coaching position for the past 
seven seasons.

“My path, as far as beginning 
a playing career and a subsequent 
coaching career, is probably a little 
different than most guys,” Ring said. 
“A lot of guys now come in with three 

of four years in high school and six 
or seven years on a club team before 
they play in college. But I was fortu-
nate here, that I was able to work as 
a volunteer assistant coach, and that 
opportunity led to a paid position.”

In July, UCSD will renew its 
ties to Olympic volleyball, hosting 
a match pitting the No. 1-ranked 

U.S. women’s national volleyball 
team against No. 3 Japan. The team, 
coached by Luyties’ former team-
mate, Karch Kiraly, is scheduled to 
play July 10, with general admission 
tickets selling for $20 each.

UCSD Volleyball Coach Ricci Luyties Won Gold in 1988, Ring Assisted U.S. Team that Won Bronze
▶ VOLLEYBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
Rachel uda  ruda@ucsd.edu 

phoToS  CoURTeSY kevIN RING



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  3 0 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Podium

VOLLEYBALL The Sibling 
Rivalry 
We’re 
Waiting For

ON THE

UCSD volleyball coaches Ricci Luyties and Kevin 
Ring talk about their experience at the national level.

rachel  uda ruda@ucsd.eduPLAY  IT  AS  IT  LAYS

Rachel uda  SPORTS EDITOR   illustration   by DOROTHY VAN

Over a decade before UCSD alumnus and Sri Lankan Olympian Christine Merrill made headlines for her participation in the 2012 London Olympics, UCSD volleyball coach Ricci Luyties won an Olympic gold 
medal in Seoul, while fellow coach Kevin Ring served as team manager to a U.S. 
team that took bronze.

Of course, Luyties and Ring might not be as pretty as Merrill — dubbed the 
most beautiful Olympic athlete by her hometown publication, The Bakersfield 
Californian — but the coaches are the school’s only Olympians on staff. 
Although the two have converged at UCSD — Ring entering his ninth year 
for the UCSD men’s team and Luyties entering his fourth season for the 
women — the pair have taken very different paths to get here.

Before beginning his coaching career, Luyties enjoyed an extensive and 
prolific playing career. In 1988, Luyties took Olympic gold as a setter on 

the United States men’s national volleyball team. Luyties competed as 
part of Team USA between 1981 and 1988, before which he won 

four NCAA national titles at UCLA. Luyties then played profes-
sional beach volleyball for 12 years. But it was when the beach 

volleyball scene became less lucrative that Luyties tried 
his hand on the sidelines.

For anyone with as successful a playing career as 
Luyties, one might expect that his time spent on 
the court would supersede his time as a coach, but 

Luyties says he enjoys both endeavors.
“There’s nothing that really compares to play-

ing, and getting that moment of competition — 
although, I will say the coaching thing is where 
I still get that fix,” Luyties said. “You do get so 
involved in the games, and sometimes too 

much, so that you’re just drained emotion-
ally by the end of the match.”

Luyties began his coaching career in 
San Diego as the head men’s volleyball 
coach at La Jolla High School. From 
there, Luyties spent three seasons with 
the University of Colorado as an assis-
tant coach before he became head 
coach at the University of Southern 

See VOLLEYBALL, page 11

I f you found yourself on Library Walk last Tuesday, you might have seen a San Diego State 
University student’s (or students’) 
cave paintings chalked on the 
ground. The depictions aired out 
some long-held stereotypes sur-
rounding UCSD — that the females 
attending UCSD are unattractive, 
that the campus is socially dead 
and that our Division II sports pro-
grams and lack of a football team are 
laughable. 

However crudely executed, the 
chalk art reminded me of a game I 
attended at the beginning of the cal-
endar year, pitting the UCSD men’s 
basketball team against SDSU. Over 
halfway through the game, with a 
healthy lead in hand, the Aztec fans 
started a “younger brother” chant. 

Was the chant derogatory? Sure, 
even if SDSU’s Chase Tapley looks 
like he could be UCSD point guard 
James McCann’s senior by 10 plus 
years. But was it a case of bullying, 
or from a place of spite? I don’t think 
so. The city of San Diego needs a 
hometown rivalry, and UCSD is the 
heir apparent to challenge SDSU. 

The two are both state-funded 
institutions in San Diego, with 
enrollment numbers comparable to 
each other.

The only problem is UCSD’s 
youth, or rather SDSU’s antiquity. 
SDSU, established in 1897, is nearly 
twice as old as UCSD. The Aztecs 
have been competing in the NCAA 
since 1926, with a football program 
already in place. SDSU moved to 
the California Collegiate Athletics 
Association — the conference 
UCSD currently competes in — in 
1939. It wasn’t until 1969 that SDSU 
moved into Division I competition. 

SDSU’s athletic department’s 
cycle to maturity is not uncommon, 
but UCSD’s race to maturation may 
be. Note, it took SDSU 29 years 
to move into NCAA competition, 
and another 30 years to make the 
jump from Division II to Division 
I. Allowing for improvements in 
NCAA infrastructure enabling more 
easily attainable upward mobility, 
UCSD seems to be on a compa-
rable track. Beginning competition 
in the late 1960s, it was an indepen-
dent in the National Association 
of Intercollegiate Athletics before 
moving to Division III in the late 
1970s. In 2000, UCSD moved to 
Division II competition and in 2011 
UCSD pitched a move to the Big 
West, when we were ousted by the 
University of Hawaii. And in 2012, 
UCSD voted down the Division I 
referendum.

If our “older brothers” are going 
to teach us anything — and it won’t 
be organic chemistry — maybe it’s 
patience. It might be a good 25 years 
before UCSD moves to Division 
I, but in the meantime, let’s get 
the support of the student body, 
let’s build up our base. SDSU’s just 
an older sibling impatient to play 
a competitive game of H.O.R.S.E. 
with his kid brother. And they’re not 
the only ones. I’d like to make the 
trip to Viejas Arena and see a close 
match between same-city universi-
ties (or something a little closer than 
SDSU’s 80–56 exhibition blowout to 
kickoff UCSD’s basketball season).  
 

readers can contact
name  here     email@ucsd.edu 


	053013NEWS
	053013OPINION
	053013WEEKEND
	053013OPINION
	053013_Classifieds_PG10
	053013SPORTS

