
CinCo  de  drinko on  to  the  big  danCe  Starting  FreSh
What to do this Weekend tritons  to  face  hawaiia.S.  vp  elects  speak  out
section , Page   7 section,  Page  12section,  Page   4

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 50   THURSDAY, MAY 2, 2013 www.UcSDgUARDIAn.ORg

City Begins
Water 
Purification 
Initiative

loCal

The San Diego City Council 
approved new water purification plans 
intended to produce up to 40 percent 
of the city’s current water usage. The 
council gave city staff 90 days to devel-
op a plan that will fully implement 
water purification in the city.

The decision was made after 
the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency announced that the California 
Department of Public Health failed to 
spend $455 million in federal funds to 
improve the quality of drinking water.

The State Water Resources Control 
Board estimates that over half of 
California’s population relies on drink-
ing water contaminated by arsenic, 
nitrates and other agricultural pollut-
ants.

Public health officials also attrib-
uted the plans to an American Rivers 
ranking that placed the Colorado River 
at the top of its “Most Endangered 
Rivers in America” list.

“Last week the Colorado River was 
named the most endangered river in 
the county, yet this is the main source 
of our drinking water,” San Diego 
Coastkeeper’s waterkeeper and Water 
Reliability Coalition Co-Chair Jill 
Witkowski said in a press release. “It’s 
monumental for the city of San Diego 
to take this huge step toward producing 
our own safe drinking water to relieve 
our dependence on the Colorado.”

The water purification project is 
based on the city’s previous demon-
stration project built to determine if 
wastewater could be turned into safe 
drinking water. Quality tests at the 
plant showed that the treated water was 
on par with state and federal standards.

Construction may begin on a 
full-scale $370 million facility to turn 
wastewater into drinking water. The 
purification plant could supply up 
to 88 million of the 200 million gal-
lons of water that the city uses every 
day. Initially, the plant would produce 
about 15 million gallons, or about 8 
percent of the city’s current usage.

The city is also considering easing 
municipal code restrictions on basic 
household water recycling systems. 
The small-scale systems allow houses 
to redirect recycled graywater from 
showers and clothes washers towards 
lawn and garden irrigation.

Advocates of recycling graywater 
claim that its use can cut household 
water consumption in half. Currently, 
San Francisco and Santa Barbara per-
mit the use of these systems.

readers can contact
alekSandra  konStantinoViC     ALKONSTA@ucsd.edu 

bY  aleksan dra  konstanti novi c  
associate news editor

uC  SYStem

Assembly Bill Would Make State-Funded Research Public 

A bill heard in the California 
Assembly on Wednesday would 
require state-funded research, includ-
ing that from universities, to be pub-
licly accessible online for free no later 
than one year after publication.

Assembly Bill 609, or the 
California Taxpayer Access to 
Publicly Funded Research Act, 
introduced by Assemblyman Brian 
Nestande (R-Palm Desert), also 
mandates that research be submit-

ted to the state agencies granting the 
research funds and to the California 
State Library. 

“I think one of the overarch-
ing goals we’re trying to achieve is 
that California is always trying to 
be on the cutting edge of things, 
like technology,” Nestande’s legisla-
tive director Nanette Farag said. “In 
order to get at that level, we need 
to have access to that information. 
It would make sense that taxpayers 
have access to information that their 
tax dollars have paid for.”

The bill was supported by several 
institutions, including the University 

of California, but with reservations. 
The bill’s original six-month man-
date was amended to 12 months after 
UC administrators argued it would 
comply with the federal 12-month 
policy and be more beneficial for 
publishers to achieve revenue needs.

“UC believes that a 12-month 
embargo period will facilitate pub-
lication in leading scholarly jour-
nals, which may reject manuscripts 
for which the permissible embargo 
is only six months,” UC legisla-
tive director Adrian Diaz wrote in 
a letter to Nestande. “Scholars at 
the University of California have a 

vested interest in ensuring that their 
work reaches the widest possible 
audience, including members of the 
public whose tax dollars support the 
University’s research.”

However, the UC administra-
tion also argued that both the UC 
system and the California State 
University system should be explic-
itly excluded from the bill’s defini-
tion of state agencies, partly due 
to the fact that they routinely fund 
their own research grants. AB 609 
now includes an amendment that 

See bills, page 3

CamPuS

Mayor Filner Speaks About Social 
Justice and San Diego Plans

San Diego mayor Bob Filner came to Thurgood Marshall College on 
Wednesday night for an hour-long discussion about local issues.

With the plan, the San 
Diego City Council 
intends to produce 40 
percent of the city’s water.

The bill mandates that research be submitted to the California State Library, supported by UC with reservations.

bY  an drew  doolittle  
staff writer

San Diego Mayor Bob Filner visited UCSD’s Thurgood Marshall College last night to speak about social activism, education and future plans for San Diego.
Approximately 20 people — including students, faculty and 

alumni — attended the event in the Oceanview Lounge, organized 
by Marshall College Operations Specialist Sarah Ruth Turner. Local 
documentary filmmaker and activist Frank Capri, also in atten-
dance, approached Turner to put together the event as part of his 

ongoing documentary project about nonviolence, “I Refuse to Kill.”
The event began with an introduction by Capri, who spoke 

about Filner’s experience as a civil rights Freedom Rider in the 
1960s. As an engineering student at Cornell University, Filner was 
arrested in Mississippi for participating in the Freedom Rides and 
was incarcerated for 60 days until the Supreme Court of the United 
States overturned his case and those of other activists.

“You have demonstrated through your life and through your 

bY m ekala  n eelakantan  news editor

See mayor, page 3

pHOTO bY bRIAn MOnROE /Guardian



Biologists at UCSD have deter-
mined that eight previously unconsid-
ered genes play an important role in 
the healing process of wounds.

Details of their discovery were pub-
lished this week in the peer-reviewed 
scientific journal PLOS. While their 
discovery was made in the labora-
tory fruit fly Drosophila, the team 
of researchers emphasized the genes 
that regulate biological processes in 
the hard exoskeleton — or cuticle — of 
Drosophila also control similar pro-

cesses in human skin. 
Researchers included Rachel 

Patterson, PLOS paper author; 
William McGinnis, professor of biol-
ogy and interim dean of the Division 
of Biological Sciences; and Michelle 
Juarez, former postdoctoral fel-
low in McGinnis’s lab and present 
assistant medical professor at the 
City College of New York. The team 
punctured the cuticle and epidermis 
of Drosophila embryos, examining 
84 genes that were turned on, 78 
genes that were off and identified 
eight specific genes that were only 

activated near the puncture wounds.
“Many of the key molecules and 

proteins involved in Drosophila 
wound healing are involved in mam-
malian wound healing,” Patterson said 
in a press release. “The genetics of 
Drosophila are not as complicated as 
mammalian genetics, so it’s easier to 
attribute specific biological functions 
to individual genes.”

After puncturing the exoskeletons 
of the fruit flies, researchers used 
the enzyme trypsin to activate spe-

2 T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  n e W S

Preparing
for success and 
the CPA exam.
Pepperdine’s Master of Science in Accounting (MSA) 

is an intensive program that prepares you for a career 

in public accounting, industry, government, and the 

nonprofi t sector. The 30-unit curriculum can be completed 

in as few as nine months and is designed for those who 

seek the academic preparation and credits required for 

CPA licensure in California and most other states.

bschool.pepperdine.edu                

The Master of Science in Accounting

LOST
-REWARD-

follow
@asceucsd
@asgraphicstudio
@tritonoutfitter
to find an instant winner!

IF FOUND, PLEASE RETURN TO
sgf.ucsd.edu/lost

Tan baby sun god. Answers
to the name of “indy”. Weighs
approx. 2.oz. - 10 days old

Carries a bull whip. Fears no one. 
Last seen at Sun God Lawn. 

Fleeting thoughts By Irene Chiang

Quite Frankly By Lior Schenk

UCSD Biologists Uncover Key Genes in Healing Processes
SCienCe  &  teChnologY

bY  sean  nam  staff writer

Laira Martin

Zev Hurwitz

Mekala neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Hilary Lee

Lauren Koa

Rachel Uda

Stacey chien

Jean Lee
Vincent pham

Jacey Aldredge

Sebastian brady 

brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

Zoë Mccracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

Arielle Sallai

Editor in Chief

managing Editor

News Editor

associate News Editor

opinion Editor

associate opinion Editor

sports Editor

Features Editor

associate lifestyle Editors

a&E Editor

associate a&E Editor

Photo Editor

associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

associate Design Editor

art Editor

associate art Editor

Copy Editor

associate Copy Editor

Web Editor

Page Layout
Bobee Kim, Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van

Training and Development Manager
Madeline Mann

Editorial Assistants
Mozelle Armijo, Rachel Huang, Jacqueline Kim, 

Shelby Newallis, Kelvin Noronha

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Kate Galloway, Rachel Huang,                    

Jacqueline Kim 

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising Assistants 
Vivek Medepalli, Audrey Sechrest, Darren Shim

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. AlliE ATE A CiRCUMCiSED BUG.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org

See gENEs, page 3

CorreCtion
The April 29 article about the UCI 
fraternity incorrectly cited a quote 
from VP External Olamide Noah 
as an official statement. The quote 
has since been retracted.

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the edi-
tors. Corrections can be sent to edi-
tor@ucsdguardian.org.



n e W S  T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  3

actions that an individual that is com-
mitted to change can do miracles and 
touch people’s lives,” Capri told Filner.

Following the introduction, Filner 
continued to speak about his experi-
ence working for desegregation as 
well as his transition into politics.

“I thought, here, at age 18, we 
changed American history,” Filner 
said. “We didn’t make it perfect 
— there’s racism and injustice and 
stuff when you look around, but 
we changed history, and I came out 
with tremendous optimism about 
change in America — that if you get 
together with great leadership, you 
could change America.”

He then spoke about his experi-
ences in politics as a city councilman, 
congressman, school board presi-
dent, and finally as mayor, explaining 
that although there is always tension 
in separation of powers, he sees him-
self as a strong, activist mayor.

“What I brought to the mayor 
[position] is this activism and sense 
of change,” Filner said. “This time, 
we have what’s called a strong mayor. 
As a strong mayor, I can make those 
kinds of decision and help people.”

During the question-and-answer 
session, as well as at the conclusion 
of his speech, Filner spoke about his 
future plans for San Diego, including 
his recent policy to use solar power 
in every public building in San Diego 

and his ongoing binational Olympic 
bid with Tijuana.

“We live in a binational area, 
except we see the border of San 
Diego as a cul-de-sac, not as a center 
of things,” Filner said. “People fear 
it. [So] I said, we’re going to do it 
with Tijuana. We’re going to do a bi-
national Olympic bid.

Filner ended his one-hour discus-
sion by identifying the economy as 
San Diego’s greatest obstacle and say-
ing that he will reform the economy 
by simultaneously achieving goals 
such as introducing solar power and 
creating a food hub.

Empowering Our
Native Women

3rd Annual UCSD Powwow

The Native American Student Alliance
& the Native American Council 

at UC San Diego are proud to present the

Well, this is it: The last meeting 
in which I’ll know anyone’s name. If 
the incoming council could please 
adopt a name-plate policy, I would 
be a much happier columnist.

But, let’s carry on with the 
present. Noted alumnus Richard 
Thompson opened up public forum 
by introducing us to the Zoo’s War 
on Children. And as much as this 
sounds like 
rampant zebras 
pouncing on 
unsuspect-
ing toddlers, it 
turned out to be 
much less exciting.

A union of Panhellenic Sorority 
Council, Inter-Fraternity Council 
and Greek representatives then pre-
sented their statement on the racist 
Greek-sponsored parties on the cam-
pus of UC Irvine and, now, Cal State 
San Marcos. They hope to supple-
ment the apparent lack of rudimen-
tary logic and personal sensibility 
by holding educational campaigns 
to explain exactly why it’s wrong to 
be racist.

A special shout-out to A.S. 
Council live blogger Hannah 
Bernabe, who said her goodbyes as 
part of the current council. Hannah, 
I’ll miss you and your helpful live 
blog — but do something awesome 
with your Wednesday nights now.

Council then got down to busi-
ness discussing referenda, but the 
flurry of professionalism was short 
lived, and they took a five-minute 
break to potluck. 

This meeting seemed to be the 
meeting of last-minute legislation, 
in which council hastily debated 
and voted on a plethora of resolu-
tions. Among the legislation was 
the possibility of creating a com-
muter senator position, but council 
tabled it indefinitely.

During special presentations, 
AVP Environmental and Social 
Justice Affairs Vanessa Garcia, who 
will be sworn in as VP External 
Affairs on Friday, presented on 
behalf of herself, in a way, describing 
her experiences in the newly-created 
position.

She offered advice for the next 
AVP ESJA and highlighted the ben-

efits of having a 
council position 
dedicated to sus-
tainability issues 
and their support-
ing committees.

“Without A.S. overview, we might 
have lost our fair-trade policy, which 
is actually one of the strongest in the 
nation,” she said. “I think having A.S. 
support really helps that initiative.”

Garcia also suggested that the 
next AVP ESJA and the incoming 
council make a bike-friendly campus 
a priority. Somehow, I don’t think 
that will be a problem.

The former Guardian columnist 
to A.S. Council, Daniel Song, came 
back to say goodbye as well, to much 
applause and cheers of “We miss you 
SO much.” Well, thanks, guys, I’m 
really feeling the love.

VP Finance Bryan Cassella fin-
ished special presentations with a 
report of A.S. Council’s financial 
sustainability. Like almost every 
other organization on this campus 
that maintains some semblance of a 
budget, council is dog paddling in a 
tsunami of debt.

Cassella intends to complete his 
report and bring it to the next coun-
cil’s attention.

And this is my goodbye. We’ve 
had our ups and downs, council, but 
you’ve done a great job — particular-
ly when you were holding it together 
with duct tape and prayer. Good luck 
to you in all you do in the future.

aleksandra  konstantinovic 
AKONSTA@ucsd.edu

Council Talks UC Irvine 
Controversy and Resolutions

cific genes involved in wound healing. 
They were surprised to discover that 
an immune response was almost 
immediate as antimicrobial peptides 
and other compounds were released 
to prevent bacterial and fungal 
infections of the wounds. 

The next step is to determine 
the importance of these genes in 
humans. If the hypothesis of the 

researchers is correct, the genes  
could be used in new wound-heal-
ing drugs or other skin ailment 
treatments.

“I think one amazing application 
of our studies may be to build a better 
bandage — containing compounds to 
promote wound healing,” Juarez said 
in a press release.

According to Patterson, the results 
of the lab could be incorporated into 
existing human therapies by using the 

antimicrobial peptides that are released 
as an immune response. Other appli-
cations could include treating more 
serious chronic skin diseases such as 
psoriasis, a skin condition that causes 
skin redness and irritation, as well as 
severe dry skin and eczema. These skin 
ailments are known to have abnormal 
levels of enzyme trypsin.

excludes UC and CSU campuses 
from the mandate.

If passed, taxpayer funded 
research would be mandated to be 
publicly available until Jan. 1, 2018.

A nationwide bill of similar reg-
ulations, called the Fair Access to 
Science and Technology Research 
Act, has also been introduced to 

Congress by Rep. Zoe Lofgren 
(D-San Jose).

“By protecting and advancing 
the free flow of information, we can 
nurture opportunity and maximize 
the progress of science, the further-
ing of discovery, and the growth of 
the American economy,” Lofgren 
said in a statement about the nation-
al bill.

The bills came into both the 

state and national spotlight when 
Internet “hacktivist” Aaron Swartz 
committed suicide after federal 
charges of wire fraud. Swartz illegal-
ly downloaded millions of research 
articles — including publicly funded 
university research — and released 
them for public access.

▶ bills, from page 1

▶ gENEs, from page 2

readers can contact

readers can contact

andreW  doolittle     ADOOLITT@ucsd.edu 

mekala  neelakantan     MNEELAKA@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
Sean  nam     SAN012@ucsd.edu 

Discovered Genes Could Be Used in New Wound-Healing Drugs 

If  Passed, Bill 609 Mandates Public Access Until Jan. 1, 2018

Filner Speaks About Plans for Solar Power in Public Buildings
▶ mayor, from page 1



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

As my undergraduate experience has taught 
me, so much of the growth and learning we do as 
college students happens outside of the classroom. 
Whether it is leadership or personal development 
opportunities, student life plays an integral role 
in how we view our school and who we develop 
into when we graduate. It is my goal to foster an 
environment in which students have the opportu-
nities and resources to define what they want out 
of their undergraduate careers.

First and foremost, in the creation of a cam-
puswide mentorship program, I aspire to make 
the transition for incoming students a much 
smoother one by giving them the opportunity to 
find mentors who will guide them throughout 
their first years here at UCSD. Another project 
that I am working on is the creation of a UCSD 
survival website and pocket guide, which will 
highlight resources available on our campus, first-
hand knowledge about student life and overall 
must-know information that will help students 
throughout their undergraduate careers.

I envision the Office of Student Life as the 
facilitator of campus involvement and campus 
climate. This year I ran on a platform of “Building 
Bridges and Connecting Communities,” and I 

believe that this is what our campus needs in 
order to move forward. I pledge to work with 
various communities on campus to increase A.S. 
Council’s visibility, increase Triton spirit and work 
on diversity initiatives that will benefit campus 
climate. In this coming year, expect to see more 
community building projects coming from coun-
cil, such as picnics and excursions that will give 
students an opportunity to not only meet council 
but to foster a sense of UCSD community. My 
most important initiative is the creation of a 
monthly campus strategic planning meeting that 
will give student leaders on campus an avenue to 
communicate and collaborate on projects. With 
this, we will be able to set goals for where we want 
to take our university in terms of student life.

Another item on my agenda is to work on 
inter-council relationships. I believe that a council 
that plays together stays together. I will facilitate 
productive dialogue among councilmembers 
and create opportunities for them to create real 
and lasting relationships that will transgress 
slate politics. In my time as VP of Student Life, 
students will see that A.S. Council is filled with 
engaging and accessible leadership that is by and 
for the students. My term will be characterized by 

unprecedented campuswide communication and 
collaboration as well as a council that will work 
together toward concrete solutions.

I am excited to see all the great things the 
2013–2014 A.S. Council will accomplish, and 
can’t wait for our terms to begin. Thank you to 
all who believed in us, especially to all those who 
voted and made this opportunity possible. As 
your newly elected VP of Student Life, I will not 
let you all down.

This past year, the Associated Students has 
been recovering from a massive deficit and bud-
get shortfall. Being a part of the A.S. Finance 
Office this past year as the chief of staff and the 
senior internal financial analyst, I’ve worked to 
identify and isolate the office’s fiscal problems 
to maintain a more fiscally solvent organization. 
However, this coming year will be wrought with 
more problems that could affect the financial 
structure of the Associated Students.

A combination of the University Centers ref-
erendum not passing, a foreseeable increase in 
UC Student Health Insurance Plan premiums and 
UCSD’s rising fixed costs will rock the budget. 
Therefore, it is essential for the stability of the 
Associated Students to identify programs and 
resources that students utilize and care about the 
most and to reengineer our revenue sources to 
take the financial burden away from the students.

Until then, we as students have to find creative 
and original ways to make our fees go further. 
With A.S. finances still not as structurally sound 
as they need to be, I am looking to new resources 
to help pick up the slack.

In partnering with the Student Life unit, my 
biggest goal this year is to provide an accessible 
way for student organizations to publicize their 
events so that they can reach a wide variety 
of students. The initiative I am proposing is a 
UCSD events smartphone app. This will help 
take the place of Facebook events and provide a 
way for students to find events they want to go 
to and will also increase the visibility of obscure 
events that suit their needs. With over 500 stu-
dent organizations at UCSD, an easy way to 

make these organizations available to previously 
unreachable students is through modern technol-
ogy. This app, which will be available online, has 
the potential to do just that.

However, this is also one of the first years 
since the global financial crisis in which the 
Student Affairs department can start to roll out 
new and innovative programs. I am especially 
looking forward to the possibility of more con-
certs and events being hosted at RIMAC Arena 
and initiatives to bring the San Diego community 
closer to La Jolla.

With the foundation built the previous year, 
I want to finish laying down the groundwork 
so that the Associated Students will not be seen 
as financially inept. We have the potential in 
our organization and our student leaders to 
effect positive social change on our campus and 
throughout California. I ran on the principles 
of being “reliable, engaging, and accessible,” and 
I look forward to continuing to communicate 
with fellow students about how the Associated 
Students can best fit their needs. I have the 
utmost confidence in the upcoming council to 
make this next year great.

I am humbled and honored to serve as your 
A.S. Vice President of External Affairs for the 
2013–2014 year. 

When I ran in the 2013 election with Triton’s 
Choice, I promised to make your Associated 
Students and university more available, account-
able and accessible to the general student body. 
As I enter into my new role this week, I will 
consistently remember the ideals that I was 
elected on and will be focusing my time and 
energy on accomplishing tasks that fulfill these 
pillars of my campaign. 

During my term, I will seek to make the 
Office of External Affairs available to student 
groups that have been historically disengaged 
from their work. Student-led campaigns, grass-
roots movements and administrative negotiations 
will only be reinforced if students are united on 
a front of pro-student advocacy. By diversifying 
the voice of the office and bringing in students 
from, but not limited to, various student organiza-
tions, the Student Affirmative Action Committee, 
college councils, commuting coalitions, athletes 
and the Greek community, the Office of External 
Affairs will be able to advocate for changes that 
represent a holistic perspective of the campus. I 
believe that only by having sufficient input from 
all of these organizations can we effectively push 
the University of California Student Association’s 

agenda of ensuring the accessibility, affordability 
and quality of our education.  

Furthermore, as the most distant UC campus 
from Sacramento, it is imperative that we also 
strengthen our coalitions locally with other public 
universities and community colleges within San 
Diego County. These collaborations will only 
amplify the student voice on a local and statewide 
level. Through the proposal of universitywide 
activist committees focused on access to higher 
education, we can emphasize the needs of our 
students to our local legislators who have the 
ability to frequent Sacramento. These groups will 
focus on consistent lobby visits alongside the 
Triton Lobby Corps starting in fall quarter.

In the coming year, we can expect many large 
decisions to be made on behalf of students con-
cerning UC Student Health Insurance Plan, UC 
Online Education and funding to the UC institu-
tion. The Associated Students, UCSD administra-
tion, the governing regents of the UC system and 
our legislators must all be held accountable to the 
decisions they make on behalf of all students.

Not only does the Office of External Affairs 
need to ensure that these decisions undoubtedly 
enhance the accessibility of our education to all 
members of our university, but the information 
on these changes needs to be readily delivered to 
students across the campus. I plan to have exten-

sive outreach by the Office of External Affairs 
and its auxiliary offices (such as the Office of 
Local Affairs, Student Organized Voter Access 
Committee and Triton Lobby Corps) during 
Welcome Week fall quarter and throughout the 
year as information is disseminated. Students can 
expect to see the expansion of the office’s website 
and online media, as well as face-to-face contact 
and explanation of legislation, health care changes 
and online education enhancements. 

Thank you for this opportunity to serve and 
assist the student body in advocating for a quality 
education here at UCSD. 

A New Term
The incoming A.S vice presidents discuss their plans for the coming year.

illustrations   by   Herrick Ong

Vanessa Garcia VP ExtErnal affairs-ElEct

sean O’neal VP financE and rEsourcEs-ElEct

linda le VP studEnt lifE-ElEct

In another setback for college 
students, Congress’ automatic budget 
cuts — known as sequestration — will 
cut grant opportunities and raise fees 
on federal loans next year. This will 
disproportionately hurt lower-income 
students and further hamper the 
nation’s economic recovery.

The Budget Control Act of 2011 
intended to force Democrats and 
Republicans to collaborate on deficit 
reduction by threatening automatic 
spending cuts if no agreement was 
reached. Unfortunately, the two par-
ties were unable to resolve their differ-
ences, resulting in drastic cuts to most 
federal agencies.

Funding for Federal Supplemental 
Educational Opportunity Grants, 
which goes to students in “exceptional 
need,” will be cut by $37 million while 
funding for federal work-study grants 
will be cut by $49 million. Though 
this is only a 5-percent cut, as many 
as 70,000 students will be negatively 
affected by these reductions, poten-
tially forcing some to drop out of col-
lege or get an extra job. In the 2010–
2011 academic year, 44 percent of 
UCSD students received Pell Grants. 
Although these will not be affected 
in the first year of cuts, these grants 
could soon be endangered.

Furthermore, loan origination 
fees for Direct PLUS parent loans are 
expected to increase from 4 percent 
to 4.2 percent on loans disbursed 
after March 1, 2013. Although this 
is a small hike, this further increases 
the debt load students are mired in. 
Outstanding student debt in the U.S. 
already exceeds $1 trillion. 

At UCSD, 52 percent of students 
graduated with debt in 2011, with 
an average debt of $19,936. UCSD 
will continue to receive its “base 
guarantee” of federal funding based 
on previous years’ funding distribu-
tion, but will not receive its “fair share 
increases” if a higher than normal 
proportion of low-income students 
enroll. The National Association of 
Student Financial Aid Administrators 
estimates that UCSD will lose about 
$60,000 in funds for opportunity 
grants and $91,000 for work-study 
grants in the next academic year.

Rising student debt also affects the 
housing market recovery. Debt-to-
income ratio, the percentage of a per-
son’s gross monthly income used to 
pay debt, rose from 43 percent in 2002 
to 49 percent in 2012 for the average 
single student debtor. This disquali-
fies many for mortgages. Only 9 per-
cent of 29 to 34-year-old adults got 
a first time mortgage between 2010 
and 2011 compared to 17 percent 10 
years ago. A weak housing market is 
another drag on consumer demand 
since people aren’t spending money 
furnishing their homes.

U.S. Secretary of Education Arne 
Duncan also expects that sequestra-
tion will require employee furloughs, 
which complicates fraud and waste 
investigations. According to internal 
audits, fraud rings cost federal student 
aid funds $187 million between 2009 
and 2012. Fraudulent payments for 
Pell Grants in the fiscal year 2011 
were estimated at $993 billion.

If Congress apportioned enough 
resources to decreasing financial aid 
fraud, it could easily avoid reduc-
ing grants for low-income students. 
Instead, students, who already face a 
poor job market upon graduation, will 
be promised more debt.

Student 
Aid Cuts 
Fuel Debt 
Problems

Guest   Commentaries

saad  asad  sasad@ucsd.edupolitics  as  usual



Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                 Lifestyle Editor: Laira Martin  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Jacey Aldredge  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
Associate Lifestyle Editors: Jean Lee and Vincent Pham  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

i f hip-hop is a religion, then Tupac Shakur is the quintessential Jesus. Ever since the Las Vegas shooting 
that cost him his life in 1996, the rap-
per has been immortalized like a spiri-
tual figure, with vendors selling etch-
ings of his face on city streets along-
side images of Christ and Mary, as if 
he’s one of the most sacred humans to 
ever have lived.

But let me first admit: I’m a non-
believer. While I seriously respect 
Tupac’s music (and especially his 
poetic lyricism), I’ve always been 
baffled by the hysterical admiration of 
him. I may be a proud California girl, 
but I generally prefer the more hard-
hitting sound of East Coast hip-hop to 
the West Coast scene, so Tupac never 
became a favorite of mine.

With that said, I can see how the 
lore surrounding his image — and 
especially his death — has led to an 
almost religious fervor for the artist. 
The cover of his first album released 
posthumously and the last one he 
recorded alive, “The Don Killuminati: 
The 7 Day Theory” (sometimes called 
“Makaveli”), depicts Shakur on the 
cross in an attempt to convey his 
crucifixion by the media, implying to 
many of his fans a literal resurrection 
after his death.

Released so soon after he passed 
away, the strange title of the album 
gave conspiracy theorists and fanatics 
something to pore over — a refer-
ence to Italian philosopher Niccolo 
Machiavelli, who wrote about faking 
one’s own death in the book “The 
Art Of War.” Apparently, Tupac read 
Machiavelli’s work extensively while 
in jail in 1995, leading many to believe 
the reference is a sign that Tupac has, 
indeed, faked his own death and will 
one day return. In other words, he will 
eventually be resurrected, like Jesus.

Even though I’m not the biggest 
Tupac fan, I am a fan of justice. I want 
peace of mind for Tupac’s mama. I 
want answers. I want to find the killer.

Now, I don’t usually believe in 
conspiracy theories, but there is one 
I hold to be true: Diddy is behind 
Tupac’s death. I can feel it. Duane 
“Keffe D” Keith Davis, a shot caller 
for the Southside Crips, told the Los 
Angeles Police Department that Sean 
“Diddy” Combs — then known as 
Puff Daddy, cross-country rival of 
Tupac’s label Death Row Records — 
commissioned Shakur’s legendary 
murder in Vegas in September 1996. 
Davis himself claims he was offered $1 
million to kill Tupac and Suge Knight, 
Death Row’s former CEO (who sur-
vived the ultimate shooting by Keffe 
D’s nephew Orlando Anderson).

But despite this obvious evidence 
against him, you still might wonder if 
Diddy is really capable of murder in 
the first place. And I’ll admit, he prob-
ably isn’t. But he probably is capable of 
being a murder conspirator. I think of 
Combs like the mob boss of the hip-
hop game: a cold businessman calling 
all the shots (literally) and not taking 
any himself. Don’t let his newfangled 
innocence sway you — he built the 
crucifix for a hip-hop Jesus.

The 
Religion of
Tupac Still  
Reigns 

arielle  sallai asallai@ucsd.edu
dodging  the  
horizon

L ike dessert, theater comes in many dif-ferent shapes, sizes and forms. It would only make sense, then, that theater and 
dessert combined would engender quite a 
creation. New Play Cafe has intended to do 
just that with The Coffee Shop Chronicles, a 
festival of 10-minute plays born and bred in 
San Diego by local playwrights. The plays are 
being produced at the Big Kitchen Restaurant 
(with remaining showings on May 3, May 10 and 
May 15), rotating between the cafe’s two dining areas 
while audiences are served fresh-brewed coffee and dessert. 
Two of the founders of New Play Cafe — as well as actors and writers of 
their respective plays — Kevin Six and his wife, Jennie (a UCSD alumna), 
talked with the Guardian about the festival’s supernatural inspirations, 
being a fly on the wall and producing San Diego’s newest work.

Guardian: What is New Play Cafe?
Jennie Six: New Play Cafe was the vehicle that Lizzie Silverman, myself and 
Kevin Six decided to operate under. We wanted to provide more opportu-
nities for San Diego playwrights in a venue that was interesting to audience 
members and might offer more to the creative process for playwrights. We 
wanted the playwrights to have a mini-workshop experience, something 
that gives them the opportunity to see if what they thought on paper actu-
ally worked with actors, directors and an audience.  
Kevin Six: New Play Cafe is like an oven that makes tasty treats. We 
figure that audiences could use an incentive to see new work, so we’re 
promising food.

G: What inspired you to make this all happen?
KS: Jennie and Lizzie participated in the Playwrights Village program, 
which is a collaboration between the Playwrights Project and several the-
aters in San Diego. I recently got to participate in the Last Frontier Theatre 
Conference, which is a playwriting development conference. Participating 
in that process — and witnessing Jennie and Lizzie in theirs — was defin-
ing for me, because I had heretofore believed that the process was: Write 
a play, produce it, get it published, retire. So we want to help people take 
more time with their plays, get to know them, to let others know them 
and have time to add, remove, adjust ingredients. Actors and directors pull 
plays apart to get what they need out of them, and then they come up with 
some really good questions to ask. With published work, you sort of have 
to answer those questions yourself, but with a living playwright — one who 
is invested in the process — you can get answers. This is good for the play-
wright, because some of those questions may mean that what he or she was 
thinking did not translate.

G: Can you tell us a little about the casting process — how the play-
wrights, actors and directors were chosen?
KS: For this first process, we went to people we knew. Jennie literally texted 
people we knew who were writers and said something like: Plays set in 
coffee shops, performances in late April, go. We already knew we had the 
space and wanted to do plays set in coffee shops. Once we figured out that 
this was going to be a bear of a process, we discussed directors. It was a 
more organic process this time, and in the future, we’re going to make it 
more formal. 

G: Why set all the plays in a coffee shop?
KS: I love coffee shops. I love writing in them. Jennie and I worked 
on a sketch program a few years back, and some of [the sketches] took 
place in a coffee shop, and I got the germ of an idea. What if there 
was a coffee shop at the corner of Heaven and Hell, and all humanity 
(and all manner of supernatural beings) passed through there at one 
time or another? And what if I were a fly on the wall? I just love the 
idea of allowing the audience to listen in on these powerful stories 
taking place around them. Besides, we love Judy [Forman, owner of 

the Big Kitchen]. We have been talking 
with her about doing something in her 
space for years.

G: What are the plays about?
KS: I was surprised about how many of the 

plays deal with extra-normal themes. It’s like 
something wants to happen in each of these 

10-minute slots in a cafe, and it takes on super-
natural proportions. Of course, not all the plays are 

supernatural, but all of them are deep. There is a lot of 
emotion and a lot of thought that goes on. Suffice it to say, the 

people will get dessert and a seven-course theatrical meal.

G: Rotating the shows between dining areas is quite different from a typi-
cal proscenium arch production — how did this affect — if at all — your 
writing process or character development?
JS: It didn’t. So we put out the call, which was “Write a play set in a coffee 
shop.” Obviously, there are limitations to the space, which makes it interest-
ing to stage. 
KS: It was always my intention to have the audience-as-voyeurs thing going 
on. Like with you hear something you shouldn’t. When I first thought of 
it, the plays were going to take place in the main dining room, but then we 
realized that we want more than 20 people to see these plays. So now, we 
have the plays starting in the first dining room and then moving on to the 
next, and by doing this, we have solved the age-old problem of how to seat 
latecomers. It will be easy: They go into the second dining room and see 
the plays second.  

G: What kind of performance should we be expecting from this festival?
JS: This is a workshop production, meaning limited technical elements, but 
the actors and directors have been rehearsing them for about a month. 
KS: We will not have all the technical elements you would have in a regu-
larly outfitted theater, but I think that stuff is overrated. Plays should be 
able to stand on their own with actors, necessary props and available light. 
These plays will be well-rehearsed and the performances well-polished. The 
“workshop” title is largely honorary, and it is for the playwrights, mainly. 
We want them to come away with unpublished, unproduced plays that 
can go on and have a world premiere somewhere else. So, in exchange for 
watching a “workshop production,” audiences get food.  

G: And what types of desserts will be offered?
KS: I know for a fact that Judy makes the best coffee cake in the world, so 
I’m pretty sure that will be on the menu. I hear talk of a sundae and some 
other things. People will have a tough decision. They get two courses of 
dessert and will have to decide from five menu items.

G: What do you hope audiences will take from this festival?
JS: Theatrical performances give this intimacy that isn’t found anywhere 
else. When you’re watching theater on stage, you’re in the room with 
the actors having that experience, watching firsthand. In this, you aren’t 
watching them on stage; you’re in the room with them. I hope this gives 
audiences a new experience that excites them about the possibilities 
that new works bring and what theater outside of the box can bring. 
KS: I think they will get a unique experience that they will remember 
for a long, long time. I want them to come away with how powerful 
and how cool it was to see acting up close. I hope they really like all the 
plays and want to see more from our stable of playwrights and more 
site-specific theater, and just more theater in general. We’re saving the 
world, here!
 
         Saving the world with good seats, some supernatural scripts and des-
sert seems like a mighty fine way to do it, indeed.

Tickets can purchased for $20 online at http://newplaycafe.com/shows.

San Diego’s New Play Cafe brings 
you some of the city’s brightest 
work, served up with coffee and, 

yes, hot fudge sundaes. 

BY jacey  aldredge  A&E editor  
 illustration   by  herrick ong

Just
Desserts



LifestyLe T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  7

SUN GOD
GUEST TICKET
GIVEAWAY

Bring a
friend!

VISIT facebook.com/tritonoutfitters for details

Although your fabulous col-
umnist has long since established 
that she is a veritable sex goddess, 
knowledgeable on topics far and 
wide, it is time that we address the 
fact that not every goddess is per-
fect, and that now and then, mis-
takes are made. Rare as they may 
be, they make for great stories and, 
hopefully, even learning experienc-
es for anyone lucky enough to have 
skipped undergoing it themselves. 
While the mistakes are obviously 
few (due to my prodigious levels of 
smoothness), I figured narrowing 
them down to one specific genre 
would be the best way to go. I pres-
ent: four ways to ruin a blowjob.

Number one way to ruin a BJ: 
insecurity. This is the most ambigu-
ous problem, but it’s also the most 
prevalent. A lot can be overcome or 
forgiven when approaching with a 
go-get-‘em attitude, and much can 
be lost to hesitation and worrying 
that you aren’t good enough. The 
shyness can come from a first-time 
attempt with a new partner or 
simply the first time overall, but 
for either, the best thing to do is 
own it. There are going to be weird 
noises or coordination mishaps 
no matter how smooth you are, so 
the best thing to do is to keep on 
keeping on. Don’t balk and panic 
and wonder if you look like some 
sort of idiot now. It’s not nearly as 
bad as you think it is, because most 
people won’t try — or won’t be 
able, for that matter — to analyze 
your technique. Continue on as if 
nothing has happened. Remember 
all those tips you’ve surreptitiously 
read on the Internet, and never 
pause to ask “Are you having fun?” 
with an anxious face, because I can 
assure you that no one is having 
fun at that point (not that I’ve ever 
felt nervous or anything before — 
certainly not).

On this topic, though, don’t 
perform oral sex if you don’t want 
to — no one is going to enjoy it if 
all you can think about is, “I wish 
I could be eating ice cream/read-
ing a book/plucking my eyebrows” 
instead of doing what you’re doing. 
It’s okay to say no if you aren’t feel-
ing up to it. Wait for the moment 
when you feel comfortable so you 
can bring enthusiasm to the game. 
That way, everyone wins, and no 
partner leaves feeling frustrated.

The second is perhaps the 
most obvious: Don’t get your teeth 
involved. Of course, this should be 
taken with a grain of salt, because 
there are, no doubt, people who are 
into that sort of thing — and we 
don’t want to preclude their tastes, 
either.

Communication is key here, for 
those folks that are into nibbling: 
Don’t be afraid to mention it. That 
aside, plenty of people become fear-
ful at the mere mention of teeth 
near their junk, so it’s important to 

The Four 
Ways to 
Ruin a 
Blowjob

IllUSTRATIoN bY kAYlA bAToM/Guardian

cinco          mayode
Step aside from school and see what 
San Diego has to offer for its annual 
celebration of culture, independence 
and an honest tequila.

gaslamp  cinco  de  mayo  Pub  crawl   by nichole perri
Cinco de Mayo, or Cinco de Drinko, as it is known to many college-age students, is a time to get 

loose, forget about midterms and celebrate. If you’re tired of PB Bar and Grill and if the historical 
Cinco de Mayo celebration in Old Town does not spark your interest, then head downtown for the 
Gaslamp’s annual and world famous pub crawl. 

The crawl starts on Saturday, May 4 from 2 p.m. to 11 p.m. and continues on Sunday, May 5 from 
2 p.m. to 10 p.m. Pub-goers start at Taste & Thirst on Fourth Avenue and then move around to 12 
more locations. This is where you will check in and get a map of all the bars participating and the bar’s 
special drink deals. Each location has its own deals, but all bars will have $2 cervezas, two-for-one 
margaritas, and $5 shots of tequila for a minimum of three hours. Other drink specials vary by bar, 
day and time. There will be an after party free of cover charges hosted by a bar each night. Each loca-
tion will be revealed 24 hours before the crawl. A tip to remember: You must register before 2 p.m on 
May 4 at californianightlife.com to get a spot in the crawl.

cultura  urbana  cinco  de  mayo   by shelby newallis
Dust off your old sombrero and celebrate “Cinco de Drinko” at the La Cultura Urbana arts and 

music festival in Balboa Park this Sunday, May 5. The event is put on by event promoters FYC and 
Twenty Five Stripes and hosted by Saul Q and J40. It will feature live music and DJs from San Diego’s 
local band AZUCAR, along with Los Hollywood, Sonidero Travesura, Iabide, Saul Q, Beto Perez, 
V-Rock, Office Twins and Pablo Stanley. There will be crafted cocktails available from El Dorado Bar. 
Presale tickets are online for $10 and $15 at the door. The events benefit Centro Cultural de la Raza, 
the Chicano Community Cultural Center, which functions as an artistic growth area for cultural inter-
change in the San Diego/Tijuana region. The event goes from 12 p.m. to 6 p.m. and is located at 2004 
Park Blvd. in San Diego. Make sure to bring ID, a receipt (for presale tickets only) and a designated 
driver so that you’ve not a care in the world as you’re tossing back tequila shots — just the way Jose 
Cuervo intended.

cinco  de  mayo  in  tJ   by jean lee
Despite the craze of Cinco de Mayo festivities in the states, most of Mexico doesn’t make a big fuss 

about throwing a big celebration. It’s more of a regional holiday in Mexico, specifically in the state of 
Puebla, where the Mexican army defeated French forces on May 5, 1862. The day is also known as 
“El Dia de la Batalla de Puebla.” Other parts of Mexico outside of Puebla save the real celebrations for 
Mexican Independence Day on Sept. 16, the country’s biggest and most patriotic holiday. However, 
there are fiestas to be found on Mexican soil every day of the year; this May 5 is no different than any 
other for our neighboring hotspot, Tijuana. There are countless things to do in TJ to fulfill proper 
party cravings.

Tijuana has renowned nightlife, so bars are definitely not limited in number. Check out the mod-
ern, hipster-approved La Mezcalera on Calle Sexta (Sixth Street) between Avenidas Revolucion Y 
Madero, or head across the street to El Dandy del Sur for a more old-school vibe. Both are close to TJ’s 
tourist-friendly shopping destination, Avenida Revolucion. Though Avenida Revolucion has arguably 
seen a decline in business quality with many shops being forced to close down, the street has more 
than a few bars and clubs to visit.

For a day activity this Cinco de Mayo weekend, Papas and Beer is hosting its semi-annual Rosarito-Ensenada 
50-mile bike ride on May 4. This year marks its 34th anniversary. The event is popular for both tourists and 
locals alike, drawing over 500,000 participants since its start in 1979. Bikers will get to enjoy the Pacific coast as 
well as an inland ride through the Baja countryside. The finish line is in Ensenada, where bikers will be greeted 
with drinks and live music, a lovely reward to top off a day in scenic Mexico.

IllUSTRATIoNS bY elYSe YANG /Guardian

See What she said, page 9

that's What she said
Lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org



8     T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  A&e

The human eye has a creative appetite.  

Feed it for free with an all-you-can-eat buffet 

of contemporary art at MCASD.  

Museum locations downtown and in La Jolla. 

Visit us online for more info.  

FeedYourGreedyOrgan.comFeedYourGreedyOrgan.comFeedYourGreedyOrgan.com
Admission is 
always free!25 and under?

When YOu’re 
25 Or under, 

YOur eYes 
eAt FOr Free 

At MCAsd. 

25 and under free admission is generously 
supported by Qualcomm Foundation.

13COM025_25Under UCSDGuardian.indd   1 4/1/13   11:32 AM

t he Mississippi River connects several states, cities and groups of people together like a vital 
artery. Anything (or anyone) can 
flow down it — good or bad — and 
sometimes, that person is Matthew 
McConaughey. With subtle inspira-
tions from Mark Twain’s “Huckleberry 
Finn,” the film “Mud” blends 
Southern culture with ageless themes. 
Although McConaughey’s character 
continues to pursue his self-delusional 
relationship with an old flame, he 
joins up with two 14-year-old boys 
for an adventure of handshakes and 
heartbreaks on the Mississippi.

McConaughey plays the fugitive 
title character, Mud, in director Jeff 
Nichols’ third film as the unlikely 
hero of love and inspiration. Mud 
is the man who returns to risk his 
life to rescue his longtime lover 
Juniper (Reese Witherspoon) and 
acts as a reminder to two wayward 
boys that true love does exist. What 
gives Mud’s character his mettle 

are the confidantes on his return 
to Arkansas — two boys who hap-
pen to find Mud hiding out in a 
ship that has been suspended in 
the foliage due to a flood years 
ago. Although the film is named 
after Mud, the coming-of-age story 
focuses on Ellis (Tye Sheridan, 
“The Tree of Life”) and his best 
friend Neckbone (Jacob Lofland). 
The town of DeWitt, Arkansas has 
painted Mud as a runaway mur-
derer, but to the adolescent boys, he 
embodies love, much of which has 
been discouraged in their lives due 
to their respective situations.

Ellis realizes that having a girl-
friend comes with its own set of 
problems. From starting fistfights 
and dealing with the anxiety of unre-
turned calls, Ellis is exposed to the 
ups and downs of heartbreak. He is 
also overcome with the news that his 
parents have fallen out of love and are 
en route to divorce and, in turn, the 
separation of Ellis from his home — 

the Mississippi. Neckbone lives with 
his pearl-scavenging uncle and doesn’t 
have an ideal role model for love.

Whereas the film excels in cin-
ematography (it has the beautiful 
and natural backdrop of the South 
and offers an organic portrayal of it), 
the takeaway memory from the film 
becomes its overarching theme of 
love. Sheridan’s earnest performance 
as Ellis reminds viewers that love, be 
it from a first romantic relationship or 
from friendship, is a strong bond and 
can be found if you look in the right 
places. Mud himself is reminded of 
the sacrifices love sometimes requires 
as he must give up his own safety in 
exchange for Ellis’. The theme and 
simplicity of love is tacitly stated after 
Ellis takes a punch for Juniper. When 
asked why he put himself in this situ-
ation, Ellis simply says, “Because you 
love each other.”

The script plays itself out like the 
Mississippi — clear, coherent and void 
of inconsistencies in plot and story. 
The writing is woven with humor-
ous and memorable lines. The setting 
lends itself to a handful of minor 
characters who may not get that much 
screen time but are able to either 
advance or elaborate on the story in 
their own way. The film is well-paced 
and expounds on each character’s 
own history and provides growth 
and explicit change. The characters, 
especially Mud and Ellis, feel real and 
relatable. Although Sheridan has only 
one prior movie under his belt and 
Lofland has none, their performances 
are commendable for fledgling 
careers. Likewise, McConaughey is 
able to turn his previously typecast 
career into one that provides depth 
and allows him to flex his acting mus-
cles. What turns “Mud” from a good 
film into a great film is its simplicity 
and originality, creating a refreshing 
piece of art.

—  vincent  pham                                                
senior staff writer

Directed by Jeff Nichols
Starring Matthew McConaughey, Resse Witherspoon
rated PG-13
release Date April 26

mud 
McConaughey inspires love and adventure in a 
sweet “Huckleberry Finn” tale.

FiLm   revieW

A-

ALBum  revieWs

W hen “Scrubs” star Zach Braff deemed Joshua Radin the new Paul Simon, you 
knew Radin’s career was going 
places. For gentle-voiced talent 
Radin, the praise is fortunately 
well-deserved and has led to his 
music’s ubiquity all over the small 
screen, from “Bones” to “One Tree 
Hill.” With four studio albums and 
a single, “I’d Rather Be With You,” 
which charted on both sides of 
the Atlantic, Radin already had a 
hefty resume before he recorded 
“Wax Wings,” his first self-released 
album. Despite that he now has his 
own label, this newest collection 
of songs is not a drastic departure 
from his previous work, as all 11 
songs — with Radin’s breathy tenor 
and effervescent acoustic melodies 
— are still perfect material for tele-
vision soundtracks.

Ironically, the very title of the 
album symbolizes boldness and 
ambition, as it alludes to Daedalus 
and Icarus, mythological figures 
who escaped imprisonment by fly-
ing away with wings made of wax 
and feathers. “Like They Used To” 
contains the eponymous phrase: 
“I had wax wings and I flew close 
to you/ Now I’m falling,” juxta-
posing Radin’s escape from larger 
labels with Icarus’s audacity in 
flying toward the sun. Instead, 
Radin actually follows the path of 

Daedalus, who found safety and 
security without expending unnec-
essary dauntlessness, as “Wings” 
continues the stable conventionality 
of 2008’s successful “Simple Times.”

Which is not to say that Radin’s 
latest album is stale. On the con-
trary, “Wings” is mostly filled 
with winsome, refreshing (albeit 
occasionally repetitious, sonically 
and lyrically) tunes, just as “Simple 
Times” did. The jaunty guitar pick-
ing on the album’s opener “Beautiful 
Day” seems to echo the melodies 
of Jack Johnson, but its quaint 
qualities differentiate it from other 
musicians’. In addition, lush orches-
tral production reigns supreme in 
the delicately composed and sung 
“Lovely Tonight,” which features fel-
low singer-songwriter Priscilla Ahn, 
whose soft vocals perfectly comple-
ment Radin’s own on this track.

Though a new album and a new 
record label don’t signify any large 
musical digressions for Radin, one 
couldn’t imagine the artist doing 
anything other than maintaining 
the sound of his previous work. 
Few artists can pull that off success-
fully without sounding overdone. It 
seems like Braff ’s taste in music is 
pretty trustworthy.

—   Jacqueline  kim   
                                                editorial assistant

Indie singer-songwriter’s follow-up album flies 
solo but follows a tried and true route.

"Wax  wings"
by  Joshua  radin
release date may  7

9/10



LifestyLe T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  9

LITERATURE
TOPICS IN CULTURE AND POLITICS: 

WOMEN AND THE TEXT
LTSP 174

Asst. Prof. Gloria E. Chacón
Tues/Thurs, 9:30 am-10:50 am

Warren Lecture Hall 2206
Departing from Gerald Martin’s premise that the search 
for identity in Latin American Literature is also about the 

struggle for liberation, this course will focus on cultural 
productions from Latin America that both endorse and 

resist this notion.  Through a range of texts from  Chile, El 
Salvador, and Mexico, students will explore the 

persistence of colonial trauma, questions of violence and 
revolution, as well as modernization and “refuge zones.”  

We will pay particular attention to how women writers 
explore these themes.  

litug@ucsd.edu

PHILOSOPHY
HISTORY OF ANALYTIC PHILOSOPHY
PHIL 109 
Asst. Prof. Clinton Tolley
Mon/Wed/Fri, 11:00am-11:50am
Warren Lecture Hall, 2115
Influential discussions of mind, meaning, 
and philosophical method.
neguerrero@ucsd.edu

VISUAL ARTS
GREEK ART
VIS 120A
Prof. Sheldon Nodelman
Tues/Thur, 12:30 pm-1:50 pm
Center Hall,113
Greek classical civilization was a turning point in the history of humanity. 
Within a new kind of society, the idea of the individual as free and 
responsible was forged, and with it the invention of history, philosophy, 
tragedy, and science. The arts that expressed this cultural explosion 
were no less revolutionary. The achievements of Greek art in architec-
ture, sculpture, and painting will be examined from their beginnings in 
the archaic period, to their epoch-making fulfillment in the classical 
decades of the fifth century BC, to their diffusion over the entire ancient 
world in the age of Alexander and his successors.
vis-ug@ucsd.edu 

THEATRE AND DANCE
GREAT FILM COMEDY

TDGE 11-Section 781204
Prof. John Rouse

Wed, 6-8:50pm
Center Hall, 212

What makes a film comedy "great?" We'll explore this 
question by looking at story, acting, and camera work 
in ten comedies from past and present including films 

from Charlie Chaplin, Mel Brooks to the Coen brothers.
lajimenez@ucsd.eduMUSIC

THE MUSIC OF MICHAEL JACKSON
MUS 15
Thurs, 6:30pm-9:20pm
Solis Hall, 107
In this class, Michael Jackson's artistry and music will 
be covered: from the early days of Jackson 5 until his 
death. His unique status as an international pop star, a 
pioneering crossover artist and his in�uences as a 
cultural phenomenon will be explored.
mgangitano@ucsd.edu

UC San Diego
Division of Arts & Humanities

HISTORY
THE MIDDLE EAST BEFORE ISLAM

HINE 108-Section 785740
Prof. David Goodblatt

Mon/Wed/Fri, 12:00pm-12:50 pm
Pepper Canyon Hall, 120

Southeast Asian/Egyptian History
6th Century BCE-7th Century BCE

historyundergrad@ucsd.edu

    fall2013
courses

calling      
all        

undergrads!
got         
arts+   

humanities?  

fall enrollment begins may 8!

hAvE A drink on us

don’t you judge me

the guardian asked Kristin 
from Beaumont’s in La jolla 
to recommend a drink of her 

choice. this popular cocktail is 
an original creation concocted 
by the people of Beaumont’s. 
If you think you can handle its 

saucy attitude, give it a try.

IngredIents

2 ounces or one shot of Ketel 
one Citroen vodka

desired amount of champagne
splash of cranberry juice

splash of orange juice
 

Pour a shot of vodka 
and desired amount of 

champagne over ice in a 
wine glass. Finish off with 

a splash each of cran-
berry and orange juice. you 

might be judged for the 
overly saccharine drink, 
but at least you’ll be the 
one whose mouth tastes 

refreshingly fruity.

— Sarah Shin
Staff Wrtier

site  seen

Cinco de Mayo Cultural Festivals
Detox from the college-inspired “Cinco de Drinko” and enjoy May 5 for its cultural history in San Diego.

Celebrating Cinco de Mayo — 
which commemorates Mexico’s vic-
tory over France in Puebla on May 
5 —is an ideal way to learn about the 
Mexican-American community in 
San Diego. Students tend to associ-
ate Cinco de Mayo with tequila and 
margaritas, but in actuality, it is a 
great opportunity to celebrate music, 
food and Mexican culture. Since San 
Diego has many celebratory festivals 
in honor of the holiday, here are The 
Guardian’s top recommendations:

Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo 
is celebrating its 30th annual festi-
val, which has grown to be the larg-
est Cinco de Mayo celebration out-
side of Mexico. It is a free three-day 
fiesta starting May 3 and ending 
on May 5, providing three stages of 
live entertainment, a beer garden 
and many more cultural activities. 
Old Town has museums, specialty 
shops and a Mercado where they 
sell handmade cultural jewelry and 
art pieces. When choosing between 
one of the 20 restaurants in the 
area, be sure to stop by Old Town’s 

designated tequila-tasting location.
National City’s Cinco de Mayo 

Mariachi Festival showcased maria-
chi students from Mexico and the 
U.S. as they celebrated San Diego’s 
heritage through music and Ballet 
Folklorico. The goal of this event 
is to support the youth in artistic 
and educational aspirations. The 
event took place in Pepper Park 
on April 27 from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
and was the first annual mariachi 
competition held in National City. 
The purpose of this event was to 
create a rich cultural experience by 
acquainting all of San Diego with 
the heritage and true meaning of 
Cinco de Mayo.

La Colonia Park Cinco de Mayo 
is another festivity that takes place 
in Solana Beach. Accompanied with 
mariachi bands, game booths, crafts, 
pinatas and a ballet, the La Colonia 
Cinco de Mayo is a perfect place to 
take your family. It takes place on 
Saturday, May 4 from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. 
in La Colonia Park. This is a free, 
family-friendly community fiesta that 
does not serve alcohol.

BY  nai re  ter-galstyan  
Staff Writer

readers can contact
nai re  ter-galstyan     Ntergals@UCSD.EDU 

keep that in mind. Jaw strain can 
be taxing, but so is making your 
partner jump and make all man-
ner of unpleasant sounds. If you 
find yourself getting tired, switch 
to a different form of stimulation 
to avoid any accidental grazing or 

frowns directed your way.
The third way to ruin what would 

otherwise be a good time is to some-
how end up with semen in your nose. 
This might sound difficult to do, and 
even unlikely, but leaving it to the 
realm of impossibility will only sur-
prise you when it does happen. Unless 
you laugh at an inopportune moment 

— which is possible —it will more 
likely happen as a result of an unlucky 
contortion or odd positioning. Do not 
tilt your head too far forward; it’s not 
worth it. In the event that you fail to 
listen to your wise columnist, feel free 
to panic and get a tissue or several, 
which will likely be necessary. Don’t 
start blaming anyone, since it just hap-

pened as a product of circumstances 
and not malicious forethought. In 
the event that it was malicious fore-
thought, you’ve got the right to be 
angry, but the burning will stop even-
tually. Laughing will save your pride 
more than getting upset — trust me.

The most grievous way to ruin a 
blowjob is by calling it a “blowie.” 

▶ What she said, from page 7

When Faced With Unfavorable Circumstances With Those Circumcised, Just Laugh



o P i n i o n  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  5

Take the first step toward a career 
in teaching this fall at USD.

It’s not too late to apply for our Master’s Credential Cohort 
Program.  In four semesters, students earn a M.Ed. with a    

special education, elementary or secondary teaching credential.

✓ Personalized attention, small class sizes and on-time graduation

✓ Aﬀordable discounted tuition, plus �nancial aid available

✓ Convenient - attend class in the evening and gain teaching 
experience during the day

NEW 
Special 

Education 
option

(619) 260-7988  |  solesadmissions@sandiego.edu  |  www.sandiego.edu/soles/apply

Scan the code or contact 
us today to get started.

Halycon Days By Christie Yi letter  to  the  editor

A fraternity at UC Irvine apolo-
gized after backlash last week, follow-
ing the release of a controversial music 
video featuring Lambda Theta Delta 
member Rainier Nanquil in blackface 
makeup. The video included four 
members lip-synching to the Justin 
Timberlake song “Suit and Tie,” with 
Nanquil portraying rapper Jay-Z.

As a student newspaper, we are all 
for free speech. That being said, the 
video was racist, and UCI must take 
action. Thankfully, the group issued 
an apology, but it is far from being in 
the clear. The incident is now receiv-
ing national attention, and UCI is 
now in a position that UCSD — home 
of the controversial 2010 “Compton 
Cookout” — is all too familiar with.

For those unacquainted with 
the controversial event that brought 

on a federal investigation by the 
Department of Justice, the “Compton 
Cookout” was a racially charged off-
campus party hosted by members of 
the Greek community at UCSD, fol-
lowed by a spiral of outrage.

UCSD took years to recover 
from the events that put it on the 
national map in such a light and the 
same could happen to UCI if their 
administrators choose to stand idly 
by as students take action. For UCSD, 
the student movement that followed 
the Cookout eventually pushed the 
university to implement the position 
of vice chancellor for equity, diversity 
and inclusion and agree to a list of 
19 demands from the Black Student 
Union, including the institution of an 
diversity curriculum requirement.

We would like to think that 

UCSD could give a bit of advice to 
UCI as they begin to address the 
“Suit and Tie” debacle.

UCI now has the opportunity to 
fix their controversy the right way. 
This means reform initiation begin-
ning with the administrators — not 
simply in theory, but in conjunction 
with student ideas to create concrete 
change. Administrators will need to 
implement strict policies regarding 
discrimination and racism, with even 
more emphasis on diversity and inclu-
sion in the university’s curriculum. 
UCI staff and faculty leaders cannot 
afford to stand by in such a time of 
controversy, and we are eager to see 
how the university takes steps to 
promote tolerance and diversity and 
preventing further demonstrations of 
blatant racism.

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the University of California at San diego. Contents © 2013. Views 
expressed herein represent the majority vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those of the UC Board of 

regents, the aSUCSd or the members of the Guardian staff. 

UCI Must Take Firm Steps Against Racism

Dear Editor,
On March 14, 2013, the Associated 

Students of UCSD voted to endorse a 
resolution to divest from corporations 
profiting from the sale of weapons to 
the Israeli government. 

Over the course of this process, I 
heard things that I had believed only 
existed in sensational news articles. 
According to some of my fellow 
UCSD students, Palestinians did not 
exist, Palestine is not in a state of 
apartheid, and Palestinian refugees 
do not deserve the right to come 
back home.

This blatant dismissal of the strug-
gles faced by the Palestinian people, 
and the blind, “patriotic” support 
given to the Israeli government, leads 
to the collective desensitization of our 
moral and rational minds. 

This is an issue that transcends 
social, political, economic and 
religious boundaries. I am not 
Palestinian, nor have I ever been to 
Palestine, but I know that I cannot 
turn a blind eye to the reality of the 
Israeli occupation of Palestine. As a 
student of conscience, I am seeking 
an opportunity to educate myself and 
eradicate myths and misconceptions. 

During Week 7 of this quarter, 
the Muslim Student Association 
will be hosting “Justice in Palestine 
Week 2013: 21st century Colonialism 
Sponsored by U(SA).” Notable speak-

ers such as Dr. Nasser Barghouti, Dr. 
Hatem Bazian and Cynthia McKinney 
will be coming to UCSD to share 
their thoughts and experiences. We 
can no longer live in a self-induced 
fantasy that leads us to believe that 
colonialism and apartheid are a thing 
of the past. I cannot continue to read 
history books, learn the stories of 
those who suffered under oppressive 
regimes without recognizing that the 
Palestinian people also live under the 
regime of Israeli colonialism. 

Our tuition, our tax dollars and 
the decisions of our government have 
served to perpetuate this injustice. We 
have the privilege of becoming cata-
lysts for social change. This is a privi-
lege that is often forgotten and seldom 
taken seriously. To abuse this privilege 
by remaining blissfully ignorant of the 
atrocities that occur in the name of 
“self defense” and “democracy” makes 
us complicit in perpetuating violence 
and genocide. Justice in Palestine 
Week provides the necessary forum to 
address the reality of the Israeli occu-
pation of Palestine.

I invite you to explore, engage 
and reflect on a phenomenon that 
has been grossly misrepresented in 
mainstream media sources. The loss 
of homes, displacement and disen-
franchisement has been a part of 
Palestinian history and defines current 
reality. Let us not allow it to become 
the future. 

— Sarah Feteih
Freshman, Marshall College 

Students Need to Educate 
Themselves About Palestine

Laira Martin
Editor in ChiEf

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Lauren Koa
AssoCiAtE opinion Editor

Zev hurwitz
MAnAging Editor

Mekala neelakantan
nEws Editor

Aleksandra Konstantinovic
AssoCiAtE nEws Editor



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

HOUSING
3 bdrm - $2450/month. Available July or 
September - $2450/month - spacious 3 bed-
rooms 2.5 bath condo with attached 2-car 
garage near UCSD, Trader Joe’s and Gilman Drive. 
Washer/dryer, pool/ spa. Email ninaho24@hot-
mail.com for more info.

ELECTRONICS
JVC 61 inch TV** - $400 - Like new 61in JVC DLP 
Rear projection TELEVISION. Firmware/Engine 
recently updated. Lamp replaced very recently. 
$400 obo. Send email or call/text Tom. Listing 
ID: 54488636 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

LG Blue-Ray Player - $100 - Blu-ray disc playback. 
USB Contents Playback. HD grade movie file 
playback. External HDD Playback. Bluray Player 
with USB BP125. Moving and do not need this 
blu ray player anymore. Pretty much brand new, 
used for about a week. Only serious buyers!! 
Listing ID: 54401163 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

Bose Acousticmas 6 Speakers - $200 - 5 speak-
ers with sub. Call or text if interested. Listing 
ID: 54281022 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Panasonic SDR-H100 video camera - $60 - Perfect 
working good condition Panasonic video cam-
era. Records footage directly to cameras 80 gig 
HDD. 33mm lens 78x enhanced optical zoom. 
comes with wall charger for the battery. My 
original charger was lost and i had to pay $40 
for this universal panasonic battery charger. If 
interested call or text. I’m in la mesa. Listing 
ID: 54488639 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

GOOD DRIVERS
NEEDED

WANTED

ROOM FOR RENT 
IN LA JOLLA HOME

$950

Get the perfect part-time job. Earn
$12.85/hour. Work on campus. Flexible

hours. Paid training. Hiring now for
summer training. UCSD students only.
Details at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

Graduate student to house sit near 
the beach in Del Mar and take care of 
friendly Beagle from time to time for 

periods of two days to two weeks. 
 Glenn Warren 

warrengs@gmail.com

ROOM FOR RENT- $950.00 - LARGE 
FURNISHED ROOM WITH BATH, AND SEPARATE 
ENTRANCE, IN LA JOLLA HOME WITH A VIEW. 
WALK TO SHORES BEACH. KITCHEN USE. ON 
BUS ROUTE. UTILITIES INCLUDED. PARKING 

ON DRIVEWAY. CALL JANET AT 858-456-0865. 
EMAIL JANHEY6@AOL.COM

Listing ID: 54006054 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information.

AWARD-WINNING DJ SERVICE

facebook.com/dj.osergio

Ph 858-405-8210
mainserge@hotmai l .com

SOUND  GA L L E RY

DJ O. Sergio

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

SUN GOD FESTIVAL APPAREL ON SALE NOW!
LIBRARY WALK • 10am-3pm • to.ucsd.edu

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

MUSIC SERVICES
“Sound Gallery” Award-Winning DJ Service. 
Creative, experienced, professional DJ, and a 
music collection second-to-none.  Playing “Free 
Style” all genres and eras! We do: indoor/outdoor 
events & clubs. Playing: Top 40 - Old School - New 
School - Latin - Jazz - Zydeco - Country - Slow 
Dancing - Pole Dancing - Flamenco - Waltzes - 
Tangos - Easy listening - Etc. Call DJ O. Sergio at 
858.405.8210 Email: mainserge@ hotmail.com 
Web: facebook.com/dj.osergio

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

Financial Aid Offi ce 2013–2014

complete and submit your verifi cation worksheet, use the IRS Data Retrieval Tool,

If you have been selected for verifi cation, 

and/or provide other information by the MAY 21 deadline.

www.fafsa.ed.gov
www.CalDreamAct.org

FINANCIAL AID DEADLINE
MAY 21, 2013

MAY 21, 2013

MAY 1, 2010
GET YOURS.

To be considered for the best financial aid package, you must have submitted your FAFSA or California Dream Act Application by 
March 2 and submit all missing documents and/or clear all processing holds listed on your TritonLink Financial Aid checklist by the 
May 21st deadline.  Applications completed after the deadlines WILL NOT be considered for University Grants, SEOG, Work Study, 
University or Perkins Loans.   

No. 5 UCSD to Face No. 6 University 
of  Hawaii in NCAA Quarterfinal

this season back in March at the 
Hawaii Spring Break Tournament. 
The Tritons fell 5–6 to the Rainbow 
Wahine. UCSD is 2–16 all-time 
against the University of Hawaii.

“Coming into the tournament, 
it was kind of a toss-up,” Lizotte 
said. “We didn’t know where we 
were going to be placed. I’m pleased 
with being placed sixth. It sets us up 
nicely for potentially winning the 
game and moving on.”

When asked about UCSD’s 
first-round matchup against the 
University of Hawaii, Lizotte says 
the Tritons will benefit from having 
seen the Rainbow Wahine earlier in 
the season.

“It’s good that we’ve already seen 
them play and have played against 
them,” Lizotte said. “We have an 
advantage having seen them and not 
going in blindly.”

UCSD (25–13 overall, 7–0 in the 
WWPA) earned the regular season 
title along with the tournament title 
and have a lot of momentum head-
ing into the national tournament. 
The Tritons went 11  –1 in the month 
of April and have five all-WWPA 
players in tow — including WWPA 
Player of the Year Lizotte.

“I just hope we perform to the 
best our abilities,” Lizotte said. “So 
I think that if we play with enthusi-
asm and excitement, we’ll perform 
well.”

The winner of the match 
between UCSD and the University 
of Hawaii will play the following 
day against the winner of the match-
up between No. 1-seeded USC and 
No. 8-seeded Pomona Pitzer. The 
national championship game will be 
played March 12 at 5:15 p.m. EST. 
 

▶ water polo, from page 12

readers can contact
RACHEL UDA     RUDA@ucsd.edu 

UCSD Men’s Tennis Earns a Bid to the NCAA Division II 
Tournament, Tritons to Face Southern Indiana in First Round

Surprise, Arizona.”
Salomon, playing number one 

singles and doubles and currently 
ranked 30th in the nation, says the 

Tritons will look dangerous on the 
national stage.

“Everyone has been improving 
throughout the season, getting bet-
ter in every match. We’ve been prac-
ticing hard for the past two weeks, 

and when we face the top teams 
of the country, we will be ready to 
compete.”

▶ tennis, from page 12

readers can contact
PAULA  CHOU    PChOU@ucsd.edu 

Women’s Crew’s Travaglione, Dixon-Word, Vander Vis 
Earn All-WIRA Honors, Prepare For Dad Vail Meet

more, and there was a change in how 
we practiced and carried ourselves, 
and that showed last weekend.”

In the varsity eight-man final, 
UCSD claimed the silver medal in 
a photo finish, just barely coming 
in second to Western Washington. 
UCSD finished the race in 7:00.9, 
while Western Washington recorded 
a 7:00.1 time. In Saturday’s quali-
fying heats, UCSD beat Western 
Washington to take first heading into 
the Sunday final but couldn’t repeat 

its performance. 
The Tritons had two ladies, 

Travaglione and junior Michelle 
Robbins, named to the all-WIRA first 
team and had seniors Alyssa Dixon-
Word and Tanya Vander Vis named 
to the all-WIRA second team. 

“It was definitely unexpected — I 
didn’t know I was going to get it,” 
Travaglione said. “But it shows that 
hard work will be appreciated.”

This upcoming weekend, May 4, 
the women’s team will compete in a 
scrimmage against San Diego State 
at Mission Bay. Following that, the 

Tritons will compete in the Aberdeen 
Dad Vail Regatta in Philadelphia, 
Pa., May 10 and May 11. Both will 
serve as tune-ups for the approaching 
NCAA Championships May 31 to 
June 2 in Indianapolis, Ind. 

“We need to do well this weekend 
at Dan Vail so that we fortify the 
[Varsity 8] and make sure the [Varsity 
4] get into nationals,” Travaglione 
said. “But honestly, whichever boats 
are going are going to do well.”

▶ Crew, from page 12

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE KYLE SZETO/GUARDIAN FILE

readers can contact
matt smith    msmith@ucsd.edu 



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Both the UCSD men’s and women’s crew teams 
performed well at the Western Intercollegiate 
Rowing Association Championships this past 
weekend, taking home a combined five med-
als. The opening day of competition for the 
WIRA conference championships took place 
on Saturday, April 27, while the finals were 
held the following day. All races were held at 
Lake Natoma, roughly 30 minutes outside of 
Sacramento, Calif. 

The men’s team took home two medals. 
Their junior varsity eight-man crew claimed 
bronze with a 6:14.5 mark, behind UC Santa 
Barbara, which took home gold with a 6:09.6 
mark, and second-place San Diego State, which 
beat out the Tritons by 1.2 seconds. Each team 
placed first in its respective group’s heat on 
Saturday to secure a spot in the finals on 
Sunday. 

The varsity eight-man crew put up a 6:12.2 
mark to place second in its finals row, taking 
home the silver medal. The Tritons were beat 
out by Gonzaga University, which recorded a 
6:08.5 time to take gold. The Tritons placed 
sixth in both the varsity four-man and novice 
eight-man finals with times of 7:11.2 and 6:23.8, 

respectively.
Taking the silver medal was enough to solid-

ify a UCSD spot in the upcoming Intercollegiate 
Rowing Association Championship Regatta 
May 31 to June 2. The men’s team will next be 
in action on Sunday, May 19, when it competes 
in the Pac-12 Championships. Both meets will 
again take place at Lake Natoma.   

The women were every bit as successful as 
their male counterparts, taking home three 
medals. The Tritons received bronze medals in 
the varsity four-man and junior varsity eight-
man finals. UCSD’s varsity four-man squad 
rowed a 7:44.6, beat out by Western Washington 
University’s 7:41.7 and Humboldt State’s 7:43.0, 
while its junior varsity eight-man crew rowed a 
7:22.9, behind Western Washington’s 7:14.5 and 
UCSB’s 7:21.4 marks. 

“Overall, we had a great weekend,” senior 
Ashley Travaglione said. “To go from last year, 
where no one was on the podium, to this year, 
where all of varsity was on the podium, just 
showed how far we’ve come. I think after the 
[San Diego Crew Classic], we focused in a lot 

The UCSD men’s tennis team will con-
tinue into postseason play at the NCAA 
Nationals, May 8 to May 11 at Surprise, Ariz. 
The Tritons’ 7–2 victory over Point Loma 
Nazarene University on April 11 secured 
them a spot in the competition as the second 
seed in the West Region.

Players in the singles lineup will include 
senior Camill Salomon, junior Max Jiganti 
(13–5), junior Rajeev Herekar (6–11), red-
shirt freshman Ganesh Alagappan (8–8), 
sophomore Kona Luu (10–9) and redshirt 
freshman Horea Porutiu (11–4). For the dou-
bles component, the squad will be paired as 
follows: Salomon and junior Devon Sousa, 
Jiganti and Luu, and Herekar and sophomore 
Teddy Truong.

For sophomores Alagappan and Porutiu 
and juniors Herekar and Truong, four of 
the eight starting players, this year is their 
first college season. With a relatively young 
team competing, the Tritons have performed 
impressively, ending their regular season 
with an overall 12–10 record and defeating 
rivals Grand Canyon University and Brigham 
Young University–Hawaii.

“I think this team has a ton of heart,” 
Truong said. “We are so young, and to be able 
to make it to nationals after not appearing last 
year is huge.”

Each of the eight regions will send its top 
two schools to compete in Surprise, Ariz. 
From then on, the competition becomes a 
one-and-done tournament. The No. 1 seed 
for the West Region will be Hawaii Pacific 
University, currently ranked fifth in the 
nation. 

The No. 28 nationally ranked Tritons 
will be competing against No. 40 Southern 
Indiana (17–4) from the Southern Region. 

UCSD head coach Timmer Willing said he 
thinks the South and Southeast are the stron-

gest regions. Willing said that the results at 
nationals will come down to how well UCSD 
matches up compared to other schools.

“I’m looking forward to seeing how our 
young team responds, and we are looking for-
ward to competing at the national level with 
the top 16 teams in the nation,” Willing said.

This season marks the 12th time in the 
past 13 seasons that the Tritons have qualified 
for the NCAA Division II Championships. 
UCSD did not make the cut last season, end-
ing its season with a 13–10 overall record. 
This season, UCSD qualifies with a 12–10 
overall record.

Luu says the team is excited to be compet-
ing this weekend and has been training hard 
in hopes of leaving its mark at the national 
level.

“We are all very excited to be playing this 
year and have really come to take advantage 
of this opportunity,” Porutiu said. “Practice 
flies by with these boys, because we crack 
so many jokes and yell in so many different 
languages to pump each other up.” 

Jiganti spoke for the team, stating, “We are 
honored and thrilled to be competing in the 
national championships and have elevated 
our games both mentally and physically over 
a rigorous season of hard-fought matches. 
We are proud of our efforts and are looking 
forward to representing UC San Diego in 

Back to the Dance 
With the fifth seed, Tritons are set to 

face Hawaii in NCAA national tournament.
BY  RACH EL U DA  sports editor

The field of eight teams for the NCAA Water Polo Championships was announced April 29, with UCSD capturing the fifth seed. 
USC and UCLA will also take part in the champi-
onship. The Tritons will face off against No. 4-seed 
University of Hawaii on May 10 at 7 p.m. EST at 
Harvard University.

The No. 13 nationally ranked UCSD earned 
its ticket to the national tournament when it took 
down perennial powerhouse Loyola Marymount 
University, beating the Lions 10–8 in the champi-
onship game of the Western Water Polo Association 
tournament last Sunday, April 28. The win counts 
as UCSD’s second conference title since moving to 
the WWPA in 2001.

“It was really awesome to win,” junior utility 
Sarah Lizotte said. “I think that our team worked 
extremely hard, and being placed first put extra 
weight on our shoulders, but we performed well.”

The Tritons will have their hands full against 
the University of Hawaii, who earned an automatic 
bid with a win in the Big West tournament. The 
top-seeded Rainbow Wahine — sharing the regular 
season title with UC Irvine — took a 5–4 double-
overtime win against the Anteaters to punch their 
ticket to the national tournament.

UCSD faced the University of Hawaii once 

See water polo, page 11

Tritons Earn Spot at Nationals Crew Find a Place on the Podium
MEn'S TEnniS CREw

Men’s tennis is scheduled to face Southern Indiana in the first 
round of the NCAA Division II Championships.

Men’s Crew earns a spot at the IRA Championships. Three 
women’s crew members earn All-Conference members.

BY MATT SM iTH  EDITORIAL ASSISTANTBY pau la  chou  contributing writer

See Crew, page 11

NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

wOMEn'S wATER  POLO

See tennis, page 11
NOLAN THOMAS/GUARDIAN FILE

PHOTO COURTESY OF UCSD ATHLETICS 


	050213News
	050213OPINION
	050213WEEKEND copy
	050213OPINION
	050213_Classifieds_PG10
	050213SPORTS

