
UCSD will add a global health 
major by the beginning of the next 
academic year, according to Director 
of Global Health Thomas J. Csordas. 
The announcement comes one year 

after the introduction of the global 
health minor, which focuses on pro-
viding a curriculum that aims to 
provide students with the skills nec-
essary to understand issues involving 
health education, health issues and 
environmental effects on an interna-
tional level.

The global health minor was 

already the first of its kind in the 
UC system. If the university were 
to approve the major, UCSD would 
become just the third school in the 
nation — along with Duke University 
and New York University — to devel-
op a global health B.A. program for 
undergraduate students.

With its expansion, the program 

hopes to offer students an interdis-
ciplinary approach to health issues 
that affect the United States and 
other parts of the world.

“Our definition of global does 
not just focus on problems that exist 
abroad but on problems that exist in 

A.S. Council launched a campaign 
this month mobilizing students to pro-
test the removal of Graffiti Hall. Graffiti 
Hall, a stairway with spray-painted 
walls, was a fixture at Mandeville 
Hall from 1985 that was painted over 
this past September amid complaints 
that the graffiti was obscene and was 
spreading beyond its intended space.

A.S. President Andy Buselt has 
stated that he and his fellow students 
treasured Graffiti Hall and are upset by 
its removal.

“Graffiti hall is something that’s 
near and dear to me, like many stu-
dents,” Buselt said. “It was something 
that was introduced to me when I 
came here as a first year at orienta-
tion and was something that I see as 
being essential to student expression 
and community art.”

On Oct. 2, Buselt’s office launched 
the “Bring Back our Art” campaign on 
Facebook, creating an online petition 
to designate a space for community 
art at UCSD and asking students to 
send in photos, videos and written 
testimonials about what Graffiti Hall 
meant to them. As of Oct. 26, the peti-
tion on as.ucsd.edu has received 494 
signatures.

Prior to Graffiti Hall’s removal, 
students spray-painted the Mandeville 
Hall stairway mostly without reper-
cussions. Although such actions were 
technically illegal anywhere on cam-
pus, school officials declined to enforce 
anti-graffiti policies at Graffiti Hall. 
These circumstances changed abruptly 
a few weeks before the start of the 
fall quarter, when the entire hall was 
painted over, security cameras were 
installed and signs were posted stating 
that graffiti is prohibited.

Sean Burdeaux, a senior psycholo-
gy major from ERC, was arrested Sept. 
27 for spray painting at the former site 
of Graffiti Hall, resulting in a charge 
of misdemeanor vandalism. Burdeaux 
was taken to county jail that night, a 
sharp change in policy compared to 
the lax treatment students were given 

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 10 MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2013 www.UCSDgUARDIAN.ORg

IN THE 
RUNNING

The UCSD men’s cross 
country team finished in 
third place at the CCAA 

Championships on
Saturday while the women 

finished fourth.
PAGE 12

Digital  narcissists

beyonD  the  checkbox

our  social  media  Woes

express  yourself

opinion,  Page   4

features,  Page   6

MoNday
H 63 L 53

TUEsday
H 63 L 50

WEdNEsday
H 66 L 51

THURsday
H 73 L 53

FoRECasT

VERBaTIM

INsIdE

I naturally 
decide to 
drown my 
sorrows in 
Jalapeno 
Pringles and Coca-Cola.”

- Kelvin Noronha
THINKING CAPS

PAGE 4

Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Letter to the Editor .......... 5
Thrift Trunk Show ........... 7
Crossword .................... 10
Sports ........................... 12

“

health

The Jacobs Medical Center celebrated its halfway 
point between construction and completion with 
elected officials, community leaders and university 
officials on Oct. 24. The $839 million facility will open 
in 2016 as the largest hospital in Southern California.

At the “topping out” ceremony, special guests 
signed the last steel construction beam, which was 
hoisted to the top of the building.

Joan and Irwin Jacobs, long-time financial sup-
porters of UCSD who provided the initial $75 mil-
lion donation to begin construction, were among the 

special guests.
According to Chancellor Pradeep K. Khosla, an 

anonymous donor contributed a $25 million “chal-
lenge gift” to be matched over the next year. 

Speakers at the event included Khosla, Vice 
Chancellor for Health Sciences David Brenner and 
CEO of UC San Diego Health System Paul Viviano.

The Jacobs Medical Center is intended to be an 
especially individualized hospital in both content and 

Construction for Jacobs 
Hospital Reaches Midpoint

Officials held a “topping out” ceremony Oct. 24 to celebrate 
the milestone for the building due to open in 2016.

a.s.  council

Campaign 
to Reopen 
Graffiti Hall 
Kicks Off
Opponents of the closure 
hope protests will help 
change newly enacted 
policies banning graffiti. 

by  anna  parkhurst contributing writer 

by  o liver kelton    Contributing Writer

See graffiti, page 3See architecture, page 3

UCSD Will Roll Out Global Health Major in 2014
acaDemic  affairs

The addition of the new major will make UCSD only the third campus in the U.S. to offer Global Health.
by  Dan i elle  bu lante    contributing writer

See MaJOr, page 2

Total Campus Enrollment: 30,310
1,259 more than Fall 2012

Total Undergraduate Enrollment: 23,805
Marshall

3,904
Muir Revelle ERC Sixth

2013-14 UCSD Enrollment Statistics

Warren

Majors
Most Popular 

Human Bio (1,654)
Least Popular

Italian Literature (1),  
General Physics (1)

Departments
Most Popular 

Dept. of Biological 
Sciences (4,999)

Least Popular
Russian and Soviet         
Studies (3),
Judaic Studies (3), 
German Studies (3)

New Major
Public Health (108)

4,079 3,918 3,709 3,862 4,333

COMpILED fROM ThE UCSD REgISTRAR’S OffICE fINAL REgISTRATION REpORTS | phOTO BY VIVIAN xIN

ALwIN SzETO /GuaRDIaN



2 T h E  U C S D  g U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D g U A R D I A N . O R g  n e W s

to.ucsd.edu

ON CAMPUS. ONLINE. ON POINT.

OPEN WEEK 5 AT LIBRARY WALK • 10am-3pm

10% OFF ALL SUN GOD FESTIVAL MERCH
USE COUPON CODE: TOSHOPSGF13

EXPIRES 12.8.13

#MoreThanAShirt

DO YOU TWEET? YAY SO DO WE!

@UCSDGuardian

the United States,” Csordas said. “We 
have to remember that the United 
States is also part of the globe.”

        Currently, the minor 
requires students to take two core 
courses, history of public health and 
global health and cultural diversity. 
However, if it were to become a 
major, the program would expand 
its core curriculum requirements so 
that students would be required to 
take four core courses taught by vari-
ous faculty members of the UCSD 
Medical School and of the Rady 
School of Management. 

Faculty members from different 
departments, ranging from engineer-
ing to political science, have col-
laborated to provide a multifaceted 
interdisciplinary minor.

For example, professor of elec-
trical and computer engineering 
Ramesh R. Rao has been working 
with the program to solve the prob-
lem of the lack of technology in some 
nations.

“We have to find out what’s work-
ing and what’s not working to fix 

global health issues. I believe that 
technology is part of the answer,” 
Rao said.

Rao is only one of many pro-
fessors who are dedicated to solv-
ing global health issues. He hopes 
that through the expansion of the 
program, students will be able to 
become leaders in the effort to solve 
global health issues.

Currently, students are required 
to gain field experience, either local-
ly or abroad, through internships 
and volunteer work to complete the 
minor. As a result, this practical 
experience in the global health field 
will prepare students for careers in 
teaching, law and medicine.

Through this multifaceted 
approach, the program hopes to instill 
in students a comprehensive under-
standing of the different factors that 
constitute a global health issue.

“We hope to have a program 
that balances intellectual, theoretical 
knowledge with practical and applied 
knowledge,” Csordas said.

Birdland By Rebekah Dyer

Kn-ComiCs By Khanh Nguyen

briefs by justine  liang  &  karen  tocontributing writers
▶ Four Staff Members Honored at 
Awards Ceremony for 40 Years of 
service: An awards ceremony was 
held at Price Center West Ballroom 
on Oct. 14 to recognize over 500 
staff members for their continuous 
service and dedication to UCSD. 
The awards commemorated those 
who had achieved 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 
35 and 40 years of service. 

Of those awarded, four staff 
members were recognized for their 
40 years of service to UCSD, includ-
ing Administrative Assistant in the 
Marine Physical Laboratory Juanita 
Cantero, Assistant Vice Chancellor 
of Admissions and Enrollment 
Services Mae Brown, Associate 
Vice Chancellor for public pro-
grams and Dean of UC San Diego 
Extension Mary Walshok and Staff 
Research Associate of Chemistry 
and Biochemistry Teresa Jackson.

▶ Town Hall Meeting for 
Transportation Service Chances 
on Nov. 6: UCSD Transportation 
Services will hold a town hall meet-

ing on Nov. 6 to discuss the future 
for transportation around campus.

TPS is currently in a $2.2 million 
deficit and is looking toward various 
alternate methods of revenue that will 
benefit the increasing number of stu-
dents taking public transportation.

▶ New UCSD School of Medicine 
Researchers Elected members of 
Institute of Medicine: UCSD School 
of Medicine researchers Joseph G. 
Gleeson and Richard D. Kolodner, 
have been declared new members of 
the Institute of Medicine. The IOM 
is considered one of the highest hon-
ors in the health and medical field. 

Gleeson is a Howard Hughes 
Medical Institute professor of neu-
rosciences and pediatrics and is 
also the principal investigator at 
the Center for Brain Development. 
Kolodner is a Ludwig Cancer 
researcher at the UCSD School of 
Medicine and the Moores Cancer 
Center as well as a professor in 
UCSD’s cellular and molecular med-
icine department.

Major Would Expand Core Curriculum
▶ MaJOr, from page 1

readers can contact
Danielle  bulante     jbulante@ucsd.edu 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thursdays 
during the academic year by UCSD students and for the 
UCSD community. Reproduction of this newspaper in any 
form, whether in whole or in part, without permission is 
strictly prohibited. © 2013, all rights reserved. The UCSD 
Guardian is not responsible for the return of unsolicited 
manuscripts or art. The views expressed herein do 
not necessarily represent the opinions of the UCSD 
Guardian, the University of California or Associated 
Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded by advertising. 
THE GREAT GAY GRAPE DEBATE!

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Twitter @UCSDGuardian
www.facebook.com/ucsdguardian

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van, Su Cheong, Dorothy Lee

Laira Martin

zev hurwitz

Allie Kiekhofer

Mekala Neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Lauren Koa

Kelvin Noronha

Rachel Uda

Stacey Chien

Vincent pham

Jacqueline Kim

Brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

zoë McCracken

Jeffrey Lau

Jenny park
Rachel huang

Claire Yee

Madeline Mann

editor in chief

Managing editor

Deputy Managing editor

News editor

associate News editor

Opinion editor

associate Opinion editor

Sports editor

features editor

Lifestyle editor

a&e editor

Photo editor

associate Photo editor

Design editor

associate Design editor

art editor

associate art editor

associate copy editors

training & Development

Copy Readers
Clara Chao, Rosina Garcia, Andrew Huang,

Martin Ieong, Susan Shamoon

Editorial Assistants
Rita Eritsland, Shelby Newallis



n e W s  T h E  U C S D  g U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D g U A R D I A N . O R g  3

Transportation Services 
Town Hall Meeting

Do you have ideas for improving the current parking 
system or funding campus alternative transportation 

programs? Share them with us at the town hall meeting, 
featuring panelists from Auxiliary Business Services, 

Transportation Services, Physical and Community Planning 
and undergraduate students. 

Town Hall Meeting
Wednesday, Nov. 6

11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.
ERC, Great Hall

moveucsandiego.ucsd.edu

design.
According to Chief Clinical 

Officer of the UCSD Health System 
Margarita Baggett, the Cannon Design 
team carefully considered the patient 
perspective in regards to the color 
schemes, artwork and room size with-
in the hospital.

“Healing within a patient is heav-
ily influenced by their environment,” 
Baggett said in a UCSD News Center 
release. “This is why we have gone 
to great lengths to make sure that 
patients and their families are always 
in a soothing space, whether they are 
in a patient room, hallway, lounge, 
nurse’s station or garden.”

The 10-story, 509,500 square-foot 
medical center will include three 
specialized hospitals: the Hospital 
for Advanced Surgery, the Hospital 
for Cancer Care and the Hospital for 
Women and Infants.

The Hospital for Advanced Surgery 

— bearing a canyon theme — will 
have 14 new, 650-square-foot operat-
ing rooms. These operating rooms 
will be larger than the standard size in 
order to accommodate rapid techno-
logical changes that surgical machines 
will undergo.

The Hospital for Cancer Care 
— which carries an ocean theme — 
will have access to treatments often 
only available in university hospitals, 
according to Director of UC San 
Diego Moores Cancer Center Scott 
Lippman.

“In terms of unique treatments, 
what our patients will be able to 
access here is cell-based immuno-
therapy,” Lippman said in the UCSD 
News Center press release. “Cell ther-
apy allows us to use a patient’s own 
immune cells to fight cancer by reen-
gineering them. What Mother Nature 
left out, cancer doctors can now fill in. 
This is the ultimate in personalized 
medicine for cancer care.”

The sky-themed Women and 

Infants Hospital on the top floors of 
the center will be designed to indi-
vidualize the often impersonal aspects 
of an in-hospital childbirth.

For example, each of the 32 post-
partum rooms will include a fold out 
bed for family members and a smart 
wall that will enable new parents to 
Skype with their newborn. The NICU 
will also include a space for parents to 
sleep alongside their child. 

Viviano sees the Jacobs Medical 
Center as a crowning achievement for 
the UCSD community.

“Today is a high point for UC 
San Diego, the community, and for 
patients who travel here from around 
the world,” Viviano said to the UCSD 
News Center. “Soon we will have the 
largest, most technologically advanced 
hospital in the region, dedicated to 
offering specialized care for every kind 
of patient, in every phase of life.”

Jacobs Building Will Let New Parents Skype With Newborns
▶ architecture, from page 1

only a month earlier.
In spite of student opposition, the 

administration defended its decision 
to remove Graffiti Hall, noting that the 
graffiti had become intrusive and cre-
ated safety hazards.

In an editorial to the Guardian, 
Gary C. Matthews, Vice Chancellor for 
Resource Management and Planning, 
explained the reasons for the removal.

“Fire doors had been painted 
over so occupants were unable to tell 
where an exit was, and, in some cases, 
the doors had been removed from 
their hinges so they could no longer 
shut on their own,” said Matthews. 
“Combustible items such as furniture 
were also left in the area, as were flam-

mable items such as half-empty paint 
cans.”

Matthews also stated that the 
administration had taken steps to 
remove excess graffiti in late 2011, only 
for the graffiti to return to lights, signs 
and other off-limits places.

Still, Buselt felt that the removal of 
Graffiti Hall took place too abruptly 
and without proper discussion.

“This sends a really bad message 
on a number of reasons: obviously, 
first and foremost being surveillance 
— I think it’s really ill-timed with the 
climate that’s happening in the UC,” 
Buselt said. “Second of all, the manner 
in which this was executed is entirely 
unacceptable; being in the summer 
when students aren’t here, it’s pretty 
awful.” 

Buselt has sent the testimoni-
als from his campaign to Chancellor 
Khosla, and Gary Matthews has begun 
negotiations with A.S. Council to 
secure space on campus for student art. 
Buselt will with Matthews soon regard-
ing this matter.  

“I’ll be going in with a number of 
proposals, the first and foremost being 
to have Graffiti Hall back, but I don’t 
know yet what the parameters would 
be for those negotiations,” Buselt said. 
“Although I do know, and what I am 
confident in, is that we have the stu-
dents’ support behind us.” 

Burdeaux refused to comment, as 
per his lawyer’s recommendation. 

Administration: “Graffiti Hall was Intrusive, Safety Hazard”
▶ graffiti, from page 1

lights & sirens

Thursday, Oct. 17
7:11 a.m.: Medical Aid
▶An adult male had a seizure. 
Transported to hospital.
12:30 p.m.: Minor Injury Accident
▶A vehicle collided with pedestrian, 
resulting in injury. Report taken.

Friday, Oct. 18
11:53 p.m.: Injury
▶Student fell off skateboard and 
injured ankle at the Muir tennis 
courts. Transported to hospital.
3:26 p.m.: Disturbance
▶A family of four refused to 
leave Student Service Complex A. 
Information only.
4:45 p.m.: Injury
▶An elderly man fell down at Lot 
760. Medical transportation denied. 

Saturday, Oct. 19
2:18 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶A person was caught urinating in 
public at Scholars Drive North and 
Pangea Drive. Information only.
7:40 p.m.: Medical Aid
▶A juvenile female was running 
and passed out. Transported to 
hospital. 

Sunday, Oct. 20
6:18 p.m.: Injury
▶A young adult male dislocated his 
shoulder in RIMAC. Transported to 
hospital.
9:33 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶A subject was throwing items off a 
balcony. Checks OK. 

Monday, Oct. 21
12:08 p.m.: Armed Suspicious 
Person
▶A subject was seen with a gun, 
later discovered to be a cardboard 
prop. Checks OK.
11 p.m.: Assist Other Agency
▶San Diego Police received a call 
about a suspicious group dressed in 

all black. Checks OK.
11:51 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶The reporting party found a 
bicycle locked to another bicycle. 
Information only. 

Tuesday, Oct. 22
9:13 a.m.: Hazard Situation
▶There was a fuel spill near 
Thornton Hospital. Referred to 
other agency-EH&S.
8 to 10 p.m.: Grand Theft of 
Bicycle
▶There was a loss of $990 reported 
on Muir Field. Online report. 

Wednesday, Oct. 23
10:36 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶Roommates were involved in a 
dispute involving possible food 
tampering. Report taken.
2:19 p.m.: Injury
▶An adult female in the Sun God 
Lounge was experiencing pain in 
her spine and could not move. 
Transported to hospital.
6 p.m.: Reckless Driving
▶A male motorist was driving 
erratically and almost hit 
pedestrians. Field interview.
9 p.m.: Suspicious person
▶Subject acted confused and could 
not answer biographical questions. 
Transported to County Mental 
Health for evaluation. 

Thursday, Oct. 24
1:42 a.m.: Disturbance, noise
▶Subject reported hearing loud 
music through the walls in the 
Matthews Apartments. Quiet on 
Arrival.
10:56 a.m.: Vandalism
▶Vandalism was reported at Che 
Cafe, costing an estimated $500 in 
damages. Report taken.

— ANDREW HUANG
Contributing Writer

Lights and Sirens is compiled from the 
Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

readers can contact
anna  parkhurst     aparkhur@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
oliver kelton   okelton@  



OPINION contact the editorLauren  koaopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B e R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Quick  Takes the white house is seeking new educational reforms to increase college affordabilty and accessibility to more americans.

Stress Is 
Not Always 
Solved By 
Snacking

kelvi n  n oron ha  
knoronha@ucsd.edu

Thinking caps

Exam season is always a trying time, and it’s made worse by balancing pointless history 
essays with studying for chemistry. 
Lunch is skipped, sleep is short, 
and eyes are red. In my case, I tend 
to find myself feeling rather physi-
cally destitute and in need of instant 
gratification. And so I naturally decide 
to drown my sorrows in Jalapeno 
Pringles and Coca-Cola.

In retrospect, this always seems 
like a bad decision. Although snacks 
energize us for a couple of hours, they 
usually contribute an extra dose of 
sleepiness that results in spontaneous 
midday naps. But then again, logical 
decisions rarely play a role when a 
shelf full of chips is looming in front 
of you and beckoning you in. This is 
because we have an inexorable biolog-
ical impulse that seeks out the fleeting 
bliss of comfort food.

In a study of college students’ eat-
ing habits conducted (rather appro-
priately) at the University of Alabama, 
researcher Dr. Julie Locher found that 
wildly unhealthy sodium-and-fat-
packed foods such as cookies, steak 
and hamburgers often serve as quick 
fixes for stress problems. Another 
study at Cornell University attributed 
consumption of such foods to people 
suffering from negative emotions of 
any kind. The rapid release of pleas-
ing ingredients into the body often 
serves as a kind of opiate, a solace to 
the headaches that high stress levels 
can cause. This explains, to some 
degree, the correlation between pre-
test despair and the growing piles of 
empty Snickers wrappers.

Ironically though, the various 
diet-busters that we reach for usually 
end up increasing stress levels over 
time rather than alleviating them, 
to say nothing of their effect on our 
cardiovascular health. Particularly 
when combined with the inevitable 
cans of Red Bull that accompany late-
night reading, they eventually make 
us feel permanently on-edge and even 
more harried than usual. This mood 
fluctuation can be ascribed in part to 
the neurotransmitter chemical norepi-
nephrine. A close relative of adrena-
line, norepinephrine keeps us awake 
when we need it, but starts wearing us 
down if it’s overused. 

Of course, there’s an evolu-
tionarily relevant reason for this 
seemingly destructive habit of 
ours. In times of intense physical 
need, when the body is deprived of 
sustenance and forced to perform 
at a high level, our body has a 
predilection for calorie-rich foods 
that can hold us over until the next 
time we’re able to eat. When we 
absentmindedly chomp into that 
chocolate chip cookie, our bodies 
decide that more of the same sug-
ary goodness can help us ride out 
the storm. Ten minutes, and what 
was supposed to be four servings 
of Milanos in the name of “study 
food,” pass.

This leaves us with quite the 
quandary. If we try to repress our 
impulsive cravings, we will spend the 
day yearning for a quick hunger fix. 
But if we try to satiate them with cal-
orie-filled snacks, we’ll probably end 
up feeling irritable, more stressed 
out, and tired. This leaves us with 
precious few alternatives, since a 
measly salad probably wouldn’t suf-
fice anyway. Perhaps we should just 
do the healthy thing and study less. 

Even with the rising cost of education and the 
low pay expected when students graduate, the col-
lege experience should never be measured in terms 
of cost. Simply using money to judge the worth of a 
once-in-a-lifetime experience defeats the main pur-
pose of the college experience altogether.

The purpose of college is to satisfy the curi-
osity of students who want to learn more about 
their interests, as well as subjects that they never 
thought they would pursue. Some classes might not 
have clear connections to a future job but benefit 
students, nonetheless. UCSD’s general education 
requirements, such as Thurgood Marshall College’s 
time consuming Dimensions Of Culture, Eleanor 
Roosevelt College’s Making of the Modern World 
and Revelle College’s Humanities sequence, aren’t 
designed to torment students with unnecessary 
work, but rather to inform students about the world 
they live in to become better citizens.

College is also a crucial time that allows stu-
dents to grow. According to former Secretary of 
Health and Human Services Donna E. Shalala, 
going to college and living on campus helps stu-
dents mature. In an article for the New York Times, 
Shalala characterizes her campus experience as a 
fun and learning experience that prepared her for 
professional work environments. The university 
experience allows students to transition from han-
dling relationships and problems with roommates 
and colleagues to communicating and working with 
coworkers and bosses. 

There are additional rewards for going to col-
lege, like the fond memories of cramming a mid-
term or a final with friends late at night or meeting 
new friends, but college is much more than a fun 
experience. Going to college is an opportunity like 
no other that has benefits that cannot be appropri-
ately compared to its cost. 

  
— HUGO WONG

Contributing Writer

Increasing Prevalence of  College  
Degrees Marginalizes Their Value

A University Experience Is Not the 
Only Viable Avenue to Success

College Presents Opportunity for Student 
Growth Beyond Solely Academics

Attending college has become a precedent 
for success while its alternatives continue to be 
overlooked and underfunded. An individual’s 
education should be guided by his or her strengths 
and aspirations, not by looming expectations for 
academic achievement.

In glorifying the university experience, soci-
etal standards have marginalized vocational and 
technical careers, overlooking the fact that blue-
collar and trade-specific occupations are just as 
functionally relevant to society as those earned 
with a college degree. Trades like plumbing, weld-
ing and construction management, for example, 
have a high demand for labor but are hindered by 
a shortage of able workers.

Many people possess skills that can be tailored 
and applied in a professional environment without 
attending a university. The current lack of emphasis 
on vocational training has led to a skill shortage 
in the U.S., creating a need for the revitalization 
of the manufacturing industry. Apprenticeship 
programs have been sidelined, and according to R. 
Thomas Buffenbarger, president of the International 
Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, 
98 percent of federal money is focused on students 
bound for college, leaving less than 2 percent for 
vocational and technical training.

Equal opportunity education calls for not only 
the availability, but also the promotion of vocational 
programs beginning at a high-school level. The 
trade school alternative accounts not only for stu-
dents who lack an interest in a four-year university, 
but also for individuals who prefer specialty to an 
all-inclusive institution. As society evolves, so too 
must the single-minded view of education; success 
should be defined not by the socially constructed 
standards of achievement, but rather by the interests 
and specialized development of the individual.

— mOrGaN jONG
Contributing Writer

Every college student hears horror stories of 
overeducation and underemployment after gradu-
ation. Greater college accessibility may raise aver-
age education levels and serve as a benefit to our 
nation overall, but to college graduates, it means 
more intense competition for jobs.

The Center for College Affordability and 
Productivity reports that almost half of employed 
college graduates’ jobs should only require a high 
school education. Despite current workers’ over-
qualification, Georgetown University projects that 
as much as 60 percent of jobs will require college 
degrees by 2018. The statistics show a society that 
pressures its youth to earn a degree but doesn’t 
furnish appropriate employment.

Sociologists explain this phenomenon with the 
concepts of credential inflation and educational 
devaluation. Credential inflation occurs when 
holding a degree becomes so common that jobs 
which high school graduates could have filled 
ten years ago become the norm for degree hold-
ers displaced by greater competition. In turn, 
this leads to educational devaluation, the process 
by which a degree results in less of an advantage 
against other job applicants.

Earlier in 2013, the U.S. Census Bureau 
reported 40 percent of Americans over 25 hold a 
degree, compared to 1950 when less than half of 
Americans even finished high school. In the first 
half of the 20th century, a high school diploma 
meant middle class income, whereas now the 
standard has risen to a Bachelor’s degree, keeping 
the American Dream as elusive as ever.

As credential inflation spurs educational 
devaluation, applicants hunting for jobs appropri-
ate to their educational level will need to pursue 
more advanced degrees to stay one step ahead of 
the game.

— tHOmas fiNN
Contributing Writer

Posting on Twitter, Facebook or Instagram is no easy feat. Crafting the perfect post takes time and a good amount of mental effort and attention. People think long and hard 
about how their post looks to their “friends” or followers and 
make subsequent alterations to the original status idea they had 
or picture that they took. 

This shift towards the blending of social interaction and the 
digital media revolution is creating a divide between our real-life 
social personas and how we present ourselves online. The mil-
lennial generation is supposedly the most self-obsessed group 
of young people to date, simply because the era of living with 
one foot in the digital world has made them want to represent 
the best version of themselves. It is no longer acceptable to just 
be average; the new norm is to enhance digital outputs in some 
way before sending them off into the world. Every blemish must 
be edited away, poses must be made to highlight a person’s best 
features and a picture ought to receive a certain number of likes 
for the poster to be considered popular. The staggering effort put 
into even the simplest pictures should lead society to examine its 
use of social media with a critical eye.

People try to create a perfect depiction of themselves, with 
flaws being turned into harmless jokes. Take, for example, 
something like a Twitter bio. It is the perfect opportunity for 
an average Joe to, in the words of the New York Times reporter 
Teddy Wayne, “cleverly synopsize one’s professional and personal 
accomplishments, along with a carefully edited non sequitur or 
two. It lets the famous and the anonymous, athletes, accountants 
and suburban dads alike demonstrate that they are special snow-
flakes with Wes Anderson-worthy quirks” in 160 characters. It is 
a fantastic excuse to nonchalantly flaunt personal best traits and 
promote successes. In turn, social network newcomers peruse the 
bios or profiles of existing users and after seeing how impeccable 
they look, proceed to create similar ones for themselves. Hence, it 
becomes a self-perpetuating loop.

While social media users should not be reprimanded for 
attempting to put their best selves forward, their attempts for 
sheer perfection are troubling. According to Forbes, “almost a 
quarter of Americans say that they’ve missed out on important 
life moments in their quest to capture and memorialize them for 
social media.” Instead of enjoying a night out with friends, too 

All About Me
Users’ obsession with social media has negatively impacted the way 

they perceive themselves and others.

BY Charu Mehra ContriButing Writer 
  illustration by annie liu

See social media, page 5



o P i n i o n  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B e R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

many Instagram addicts are absorbed 
in making the perfect Pic Stitch. This 
is not to say that people should only 
share everything in its original form 
on social networks, but this obsession 
with a polished image communicates 
a deeper message about the direction 
society is moving in. 

A happy picture of two friends 
that comes off as candid could, in fact, 
have been manipulated and staged, 
retaken a few times and then edited 
to whatever the poster’s standards of 
an acceptable public photograph are. 
With the touch of a finger, a picture 
can be filtered from mediocre to hip 
and artsy in an attempt to collect 
more likes. 

People have become increasingly 
more dependent on getting valida-
tion from others in the social media 
arena, in the form of things like likes, 
retweets, and comments. A common 
goal for some Facebook users is to 
receive 100 plus likes on their profile 
pictures, and the quality of a status 
update is usually judged by how many 
comments, likes and shares it has. 

But the problem is that when an 
acceptable number of likes is not 
achieved, people tend to feel like 
they are lacking. A recent study con-
ducted on college-age students at the 
University of Michigan concluded 
that “the more [the students] used 
Facebook, the worse they felt. The 
study … found Facebook use led to 
declines in moment-to-moment hap-

piness and overall life satisfaction.”  
This whole effect makes people 

feel more vulnerable to the opinions 
and online actions of their networks.

The shift in recent use of social 
networks has created negative con-
sequences that are changing the way 
people view themselves and others. 
While the way society currently uses 
social media shows a lack of intimacy 
and honesty, perhaps it is not too late 
to remedy the situation. It is time to 
reevaluate the amount of time and 
emotion that social media leeches and 
to eschew the copious amounts of 
deliberation and editing in favor of a 
more truthful depiction of ourselves. 

Solve For X By Philip Jia

Users Become Dependent on Social Media for Self-Validation

readers can contact
charu  mehra   cmehra@ucsd.edu 

LeTTers  To  The  ediTor

Dear Editor,
In addition to the UC system’s ten 

campuses, public higher education in 
our state includes the 23 campuses of 
the California State Universities, and 
the 108 campuses of the California 
Community Colleges. The Master 
Plan designates the University of 
California as the primary state-
supported institution for doctoral 
degrees, law and medicine. 

No such preferred treatment 
applies to other private or state insti-
tutions. The Master Plan is one of 
California’s truly outstanding accom-
plishments, because each and every 
public high school in California is 
entitled to send at least 4 percent of its 
graduates to a prestigious University 
of California. California community 
colleges have had to cut classes and 
turn away more than 600,000 students 
in recent years because of budget 
reductions. 

California Attorney General 
Kamala Harris sued Corinthian (a 
Santa Ana-based company, one of 
the world’s largest for-profit college 
businesses). That company allegedly 
targeted low-income Californians 
through “aggressive marketing 
campaigns” that inaccurately rep-
resented job placement rates and 
school programs. Corinthian, which 
also offers job-training programs 
under such names as Heald College, 
is also accused of reporting false 
work placement rates to investors 
and accrediting agencies. Harris said 
Corinthian executives had devised a 
“predatory scheme.”

Palomar College is one of 108 col-
leges in the California Community 
Colleges system and eight in San 
Diego County. It has the best of loca-
tions in San Marcos, Calif. 

In addition, the college operates 

an educational center in Escondido 
and seven smaller centers throughout 
north San Diego County, in Rancho 
Penasquitos, Poway, Fallbrook, 
Ramona, Pauma Valley, Borrego 
Springs and Camp Pendleton.

The bulk of colleges and universi-
ties ought to reduce freshmen quotas. 
Instead, the education authorities need 
to give viable and competitive colleges 
a larger enrollment quota so that more 
students can receive better educations. 
It is also problematic that underper-
forming colleges will persist in main-
taining their freshmen quotas without 
the current government subsidy.

The big question is how to 
ensure fairness in assessing col-
leges and universities. What’s most 
worrisome is that few regional 
universities outside California 
would remain alive if the formula 
is applied uniformly. In this regard, 
the education authorities, both 
federal and state, should be wise 
enough to distinguish between good 
and bad. The time is long overdue 
for speeding up the restructuring of 
universities. There should be more 
drastic cuts in enrollment quotas 
at underperforming colleges, par-
ticularly at over-priced, for-profit 
colleges: They must be weeded out 
more swiftly. 

Likewise, focusing on universi-
ties nationwide is a better choice 
than forcefully closing down the 
UC system, the CSU system or the 
CCC system. To do that, the gov-
ernment should secure its budget 
by closing predatory and non-
competitive schools nationwide “as 
soon as possible.” 

The Universities of California, the 
California State Universities and the 
California Community Colleges are 
top schools. The Master Plan should 
be strengthened — not abandoned.

— richard thompson
UCSD Alumnus ‘83

California’s University 
System Needs Restructuring

▶ social media, from page 4



6 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B e R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES contact the editorstacey  chienfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

I n today’s incredibly diverse world, checkboxes seem to be the most convenient way to classify people — but this comes at the expense of individual identity.
Beyond the Checkbox, a collaborative social project 

dedicated to redefining identity through a more personal 
lens, aims to shatter restriction altogether and give individu-
als a voice. The concept of the project is simple: Through a 
collection of photographs with personal statements, people 
are given the opportunity to express themselves freely and to 
see how others define themselves in the process. 

At UCSD, Beyond the Checkbox is run by project 
coordinator Shane Moise and photographer eeman agrama-
minert, both staff members of Thurgood Marshall College 
Residential Life. Over the past couple of years, exhibitions 
of their project have been displayed at Price Center, Geisel 
Library and at last year’s TEDxUCSD event. 

The project was inspired by The Hapa Project, an explo-
ration of multiracial identities through photographic and 
personal written representation and was created in 2001 by 
UCSD alumnus Kip Fulbeck. Fulbeck would take a photo-
graph of a mixed-race individual and then ask the question, 
“What are you?” He allowed people to describe themselves 
however they chose.

Beyond the Checkbox came about 10 years later. It 
initially started at UCLA, but it later spread to UCSD, UC 
Berkeley, UC Santa Cruz and UC Irvine. Moise and agrama-
minert were compelled to bring Beyond the Checkbox 
to UCSD after they learned about Fulbeck’s project at 
UCSD’s Innovation Day Expo and Symposia in 2011. Moise 
expressed their desire to expand upon the scope of Fulbeck’s 
project by asking a deeper question. 

“We thought it would be a really appropriate and timely 
thing to ask people here, ‘Who are you?’ — but beyond race, 
beyond ethnicity and sex and all of that,” Moise said. “[We 
aim] to introduce a new avenue, or a new medium of expres-
sion, for talking about identity, diversity and, ultimately, 
social justice in a university or educational space.”

The project is intended to encourage students to actively 
identify themselves in whichever way they feel is correct, 

regardless of convention. And given the deeply personal 
aspect of the project, agrama-minert and Moise feel that the 
project provides a controlled and secure space for partici-
pants to bare their individual identities.

“[The project is] a safe way for people to share about 
their identities, because you get to go as deep as you want to 
go,” agrama-minert said.

As part of the project, agrama-minert and Moise orga-
nized an event during this year’s welcome week in which 
they invited Marshall students to take part in an “identity 
workshop.” The students had the opportunity to reflect on 
their own representation of their identities as it related to 
being a UCSD student.

Expansion and establishment are important goals of the 
project, but as Moise explained, its long-term objective lies 
in the quality of the experience.  

“[We want to take] those experiences in the facili-
tated workshops and [see] how valuable [they are] and 
what impact [they have],” Moise said. “Does being able to 
talk about these things … have a positive influence on your 
experience as a student and as a community member? If 
[so], then [we want] to make this a stable part of the UC 
experience and really institutionalize it.”

Currently, agrama-minert and Moise plan to move from 
organizing gallery events to arranging more UCSD events 
that engage interested students and encourage all to par-
ticipate. Students interested in being featured in the project 
can email either Shane Moise at smoise@ucsd.edu or eeman 
agrama-minert at eeman@ucsd.edu. They are also looking 
to involve more students in management. 

“I sense that we’re all still human, and we’re all still hun-
gry for that information,” agrama-minert said. “I mean, your 
Facebook profile is all about you, right? You put what your 
favorite music is, and your books, and your interests and 
what you ate for breakfast. So with this project, the goal is 
really to take it back to the basics of ‘Who are you?’ and see-
ing how simply complex [that question] really is.”

Readers can contact Sydney Reck at sreck@ucsd.edu

A FRAME FOR 
SELF-IDENTITY
UCSD social project, Beyond the Checkbox, exhibits 
personal expression through portrait photography.

BY SYDNEY RECK CONTRIBUTING WRITER
PHOTOS COURTESY OF eeman agrama-minert



At a school known for its research 
and innovation, it’s no surprise that 
UCSD students have developed 
some new technologies that have 
caught the public eye. 

Last week, UCSD Masters stu-
dent Shawn Mailo, his undergrad-
uate team partner Ali Athar and 
UCSD graduate student Giovanna 
Scheidler competed as finalists in 
the second annual Rady Student 
Venture Open, a national compe-
tition for students to pitch their 
own inventions to companies and 
investors. The competition is spon-
sored and organized by the World’s 
Best Technologies Innovation 
Marketplace in partnership with 
the Rady School of Management at 
UCSD and gives students a chance 
to receive licensing and funding for 
their inventions in addition to small 
cash prizes. Forty students entered 
the competition this year, but only 
seven finalists were selected to par-
ticipate in the two-day competition.

Mailo, Athar and Scheidler present-
ed their respective inventions in front 
of an audience and a panel of nine 
judges at the Sheraton San Diego Hotel 
and Marina. Their inventions includ-
ed Stored Blood Quality Diagnostic 
Device, which analyzes key properties 
of stored blood to provide metrics 
for its quality and functionality before 
blood transfusions, and OvalPal, a 
patch that helps women track their 
ovulation cycle.

“The judges represent investors 
from the San Diego community, 
industries and technology,” Director 
of the California Institute for 
Innovation and Development Lada 

Rasochova said.
Five teams of finalists from 

other schools, including Stanford 
University, Purdue University, the 
University of Texas at Austin and 
the University of Louisville, were 
there to give them a run for their 
money. Their technologies ranged 
from medical devices to cooking 
instruments and communication 
tools. But in the end, the University 
of Louisville claimed the top two 
spots with Systemica Health, an 
oral treatment for gum disease, 
and Therabracelet, a bracelet that 
increases sensitivity, movement, 
reaction time and general motor 
skills of the hands. Along with a 
cash prize, the winner of the com-
petition was invited to compete at 
the Global Venture Lab Investement 
Competition, where they can win 
$78,000 and another chance to mar-
ket their product. 

“The University of Louisville had 
great technology — they were very well 
prepared,” Rasochova said.

The competition consisted of two 
parts: the Elevator Pitch Competition 
and the Finals. During the first part of 
the competition, the participants had 
two minutes to pitch their invention 
to the audience. In the second part 
of the competition, the participants 
competed in front of a panel of judges 
made up of local investors and com-
panies, such as Johnson & Johnson, 
CONNECT and Angel investors. They 
had 12 minutes to give a presentation 
on their projects and three minutes to 
answer questions posed by the judges.

“[The competitors] had very 
interesting technology,” Rasochova 
said. 

F e a t U R e s  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B e R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

Students Pitch Inventions 
at Technology Contest

Thrift Trunk Show Promoted Sustainable Shopping Last Week
The patio at the Old Student 

Center was filled with students 
searching for new eco-friendly 
wardrobes last Wednesday, Oct. 23 
from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. The Thrift 
Trunk Show x Thrifty Happy Hour 
was an event that brought thrift 
shopping to students on campus to 
promote environmental and social 
sustainability. Several different orga-
nizations collaborated on this event, 
including the A.S. Environmental 
and Social Justice Affairs office and 
the Student Sustainability Collective.

While the Thrift Trunk Show did 
occur last year, this year marked the 
first time students were allowed to 
register to sell clothes. Fifteen stu-
dents signed up as vendors and were 
given a table to display and sell their 
clothes. In addition, four local thrift 
stores, such as Humble Heart Thrift 
Store and THRiFT Trader, also came 
to campus to sell used clothing.

Associate Vice President of the 
A.S. Environmental and Social 
Justice Affairs office, Jillian Du, 
oversaw planning for this event.

“[The Thrift Trunk Show] high-
lighted and promoted thrift culture 
and the culture of repurposing items 
and tried to localize where items 
were sourced,” Du said.

Du, along with other mem-
bers who contributed to the event, 
wanted it to be more than just an 
opportunity to buy affordable cloth-
ing. They wanted to use the event 
to educate students on global sus-
tainability. Posters around the patio 
detailed the following information: 
The production of a new t-shirt uses 
700 gallons of water and one-third 
pounds of pesticides. The produc-
tion of a new pair of jeans uses 1,500 
gallons of water and emits seven 
pounds of carbon dioxide. 

Du explained that buying items 
that have been previously owned 
shows consumers how they can 
funnel their money toward items 

that support being less wasteful and 
more resourceful.

The patio nearly resembled a 
flea market with tables set up in 
rows and students weaving through 
the aisles browsing the merchan-
dise. There was loud music playing, 
vegetarian and vegan-friendly food 
available for purchase at the Food 
Co-op and, of course, shopping. The 
event brought over 200 students to 
the Old Student Center. 

Erin McMullen, director of 
operations and resources at the 
Student Sustainability Collective, 

said that the event allowed students 
to contribute to something on a 
larger scale that helped the Student 
Sustainability Collective make sus-
tainability more accessible for stu-
dents.

“[The event] showed students 
that they can have an impact on this 
campus and that other people are 
interested in the same issues they 
are,” McMullen said.

Next time, Du said that the 
Environmental and Social Justice 
Affairs office wants to get more 
people involved and collaborate 

with more organizations, including 
a food vendor to offer either free 
or discounted food. They want to 
put on the event at least once a 
quarter or possibly twice for this 
upcoming winter and spring quarter. 
They are also looking into creating 
a free market, where students can 
pick up donated clothing free of 
charge. Lastly, they plan to find ways 
to bring an even bigger educational 
component to show the benefits of 
reusing as opposed to buying new 
products, even if they are “eco-
friendly.”

“As a consumer, it’s not just about 
buying organic cotton t-shirts, but to 
not buy at all, or buying something 
that will be trashed,” Du said.

Du hopes to bring more aware-
ness to students about the modern 
textile industry at future events and 
to empower them to look at life 
through a sustainable lens and, in 
turn, bring the university and stu-
dents closer to achieving environ-
mental and social sustainability.

By  kyle  mcvey  contributing writer

readers can contact

readers can contact

alyssa  coakley acoakley@ucsd.edu 

kyle  mcvey    kmcvey@ucsd.edu 

phOTO BY CARINA CORNejO /Guardian

p
h

O
TO

S
 C

O
U

R
Te

S
Y

 O
f M

e
lIN

D
A

 B
ATTe

N
B

e
R

G

By  alyssa  coakley
contributing writers



8  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C A L E N D A R

INDIAN MUSIC CONCERT FEAT.
CHITRAVINA N. RAVIKIRAN

PRICE CENTER THEATER

SAT11.02 • 6PM
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
1 0 . 2 8  -  1 1 . 0 3

2 0 1 3

MON10.28
9am-5pm ALL WEEK
VENDOR FAIR—LIBRARY WALK
The UCSD Vendor Fair features local vendors selling 
various merchandise and products. Come check out a 
variety of items including clothing, jewelry, phone 
accessories, beauty products, sunglasses, shoes, 
artwork, and much more! Stop by Library Walk before 
and after class to shop! Will be on Library Walk until 
November 1st.

2pm
ART & SOUL: HALLOWEEN PICTURE 
FRAMES—THE ZONE, PRICE CENTER PLAZA
Come decorate your very own Halloween picture 
frame! A perfect way to remember your Halloween 
fun.

8pm
BITCHY BINGO—THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER
The ladies are back!!!! Bitchy Bingo has quickly 
become one of the most anticipated and attended 
events at The Loft, so you're going to want to come 
early! The infamous drag show is punctuated by 
games of bingo, which gives 3 lucky people a chance 
to win cool prizes. Come join us for an evening of fun, 
laughter, games and entertainment that is sure to 
make you LOL. Doors open at 8:00 PM/ Show starts 
at 8:30 PM. This event is FREE!

TUE10.29
10am
FITNESS ZONE: YOGA—THE ZONE
FREE yoga with instructors from Recreation! Space is 
limited so come early!

11:30am
MASS MEDIA AND THE NATIVE AMERICAN 
WOMAN—CROSS-CULTURAL CENTER LIBRARY, 
PRICE CENTER
Two-Spirit People: the Berdache Tradition in Native 
American: Examines the concepts of gender, sexuality, 
and sexual orientation in Native American cultures, 
focusing on the tradition of Berdaches. Fry Bread 
Babes: In 21st Century American mass media, where 
are the Native American women? The images that exist 
are stereotypical, so how does the lack of images in the 
mass media effect Native American women? Growing 
up without seeing other Native American women who 
look like your mother and aunties does affect your body 
image and sense of self. The filmmaker explores body 
image and identity in this powerful and intimate 
documentary.

12pm
RELATIONSHIPS 101: TECHNOLOGY - THE ZONE
Come join SARC (Sexual Assault & Violence Prevention 
Resource Center) to find out the necessary components 
for a healthy relationship in regards to technology.

2pm
TASTY TUESDAY: QUINOA SALAD WITH 
APRICOTS & PISTACHIOS—THE ZONE
Come learn how to make quinoa salad with apricots 
and pistachios with Christine McNamara, the Student 
Health Services Dietician! FREE samples will be served, 
and you will be able to take home the recipe!

THU10.31

WED10.30
11am
FITSTOP: COME TEST YOUR PHYSICAL 
FITNESS—THE ZONE, PRICE CENTER PLAZA (BY 
JAMBA JUICE)
FITstop is a 20-minute fitness assessment that measures 
your level of fitness compared to others in your age group. 
Four categories are measured:1. Cardiovascular Health 2. 
Muscular Strength & Endurance 3. Body Weight & 
Composition 4. Flexibility See where you fall within these 
categories and learn how you can improve your overall 
health! Hosted by the Student Health Advocates

5:30pm
UAE: FROM TRIBAL CULTURE TO MODERNITY IN 
FOUR DECADES—THE GREAT HALL, 
INTERNATIONAL HOUSE
In just over 41 years, the UAE has emerged onto the 
world's stage, embracing change while remaining 
consistent with its history and cultural values. Second 
Secretary. Dr. Alsaghira Al Ahbabi and Commercial 
Counselor Mr. Saud Al Nowais from the Embassy of the 
United Arab Emirates, Washington D.C. will lead an 
informative presentation on how the United Arab Emirates 
has transformed its economy from a reliance on 
agriculture and fishing to an entrepreneurial success story 
with a world-class infrastructure. Presented by I-House 
International Affairs group in collaboration with the World 
Affairs Council, San Diego.

6pm
HONOR AND RESURRECT: A QUEER TRANS* 
PEOPLE OF COLOR ART GALLERY 
RECEPTION—CROSS-CULTURAL CENTER 
ARTSPACE
This art gallery will combine Day of the Dead and 
Transgender Day of Remembrance. This is one way to 
honor Queer and Trans* People of Color lives and connect 
the spirit of the living to those of the dead. This is to give 
name to radical QTPOC lives, whose suicides, murders, 
and poetry continue to haunt the living. This haunting 
doesn't have to only be deathly or foreboding. It can also 
give light to those who are living and working to make this 
world more live-able. This is about RADICAL QTPOC 
politics of construction. This is about a celebration of the 
life and legacies of queer/trans* people of color, both living 
and ghostly.

11:30am
CELEBRATION OF ABILITIES OF ART EXHIBIT 
2013—PRICE CENTER THEATRE FOYER
Celebration of Abilities artwork is now on display and 
will be for the entire month of October. This artists' 
exhibition is brought to you by the UC San Diego 
Office for Students with Disabilities (OSD). View art 
and designs in the Price Center Theatre Foyer and 
Espresso Roma Cafe near Subway at Price Center. 
Thank you for helping us to celebrate abilities in 
2013.

11:45am
ANNUAL HALLOWEEN COSTUME 
CONTEST—PRICE CENTER WEST PLAZA
For UCSD Students, Faculty & Staff: Zombies and 
ghosts wander aimlessly in graveyards during the 
dead of night and hauntingly mumble and sigh 
amongst themselves: Who has the intestinal fortitude 
to enter this most gruesome and grueling of contests 
- and at their own risk? They're eternally horrified 
that UCSD humans have the audacity to drag their 
grisly and accursed costumes to PC West. If not to 
win spookdracular prizes then to bear witness to the 
heart-wrenching and post-mortem thrills. If that isn't 
enough to frighten you into joining the fun as a 
spectator or contestant, perhaps the list of categories 
and monstrously delectable prizes will whet your 
appetite. Presented by the UCSD Bookstore.

2pm-3pm
DIY STARLIGHT LUMINARIES— CROSS 
CULTURAL CENTER ARTSPACE, PRICE CENTER
Take a BREATHER and come decorate your own tea 
light jars. Light your room with a new decorative 
piece. Materials provided will range from paint, 
glitter, stickers, gems, ribbons and glow sticks for a 
unique glow in the dark jar piece.

SAT11.02
6pm-9pm
INDIAN MUSIC CONCERT FEAT. CHITRAVINA N. 
RAVIKIRAN—PRICE CENTER THEATER
The concert will feature an incredible display of Indian 
music by Sangeet Samrat Chitravina N. Ravikiran. 
Ravikiran is the foremost expert in the chitravina, a 
unique slide instrument, and is a world famous artist. He 
has performed across the globe and received numerous 
awards. Ravikiran will be accompanied on the 
mridangam by Professor Trichy Sankaran and on the 
violin by Ranjini Ramakrishnan. The performance will 
showcase traditional South Indian Carnatic music and 
offer a unique cultural experience on the UCSD campus. 
Free for students and staff with ID!

7:30pm
LA JOLLA SYMPHONY PLAYS MOZART, VARESE, 
FUJIKURA, AND BERLIOZ—MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM, ORIGINAL STUDENT CENTER
W.A. Mozart. Edgard Varse. Dai Fujikura. Hector Berlioz. 
Sinfonia concertante. Density 21.5 Mina. Symphonie 
Fantastique. Special guests: Claire Chase, flute; 
International Contemporary Ensemble (ICE). Music from 
four different centuries, chosen to reflect this spooky 
time of the year. The contemporary music group ICE joins 
us for a program that ranges from Mozarts poised 
Sinfonia Concertante for Winds through Vareses 
revolutionary Density 21.5 for solo flute and on to Dai 
Fujikuras Mina, inspired by the birth of his first child. We 
conclude with Berliozs haunted masterpiece, Fantastique. 
Flautist Claire Chase is one of this past years Mac Arthur 
Genius Award winners.

FRI11.01
10am
FITNESS ZONE: FOAM ROLLING 
WORKSHOP—THE ZONE
Come learn how to foam roll with instructors from 
Recreation! Space is limited, so please arrive early to 
ensure a spot!

2pm-4pm
DIA DE LOS MUERTOS—INSTITUTE OF THE 
AMERICAS PLAZA
On November 1, the Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies 
will be celebrating Dia de los Muertos at the Institute 
of the Americas Plaza. Join us for altars, pan de 
muerto, Mexican hot chocolate, ballet folkloric and 
mariachi! The Day of the Dead (El Dia de los Muertos 
or All Souls' Day) is a holiday celebrated in Mexico and 
by Latin America. The holiday focuses on gatherings of 
family and friends to pray for, and remember, friends 
and family members who have died. Event is open to 
the public for free, but registration is required.

4pm
TALK ON COMICS AND COGNITION WITH NEIL 
COHN—GREEN TABLE ROOM, PRICE CENTER 
WEST
Neil Cohn has been fascinated with drawing and 
comics his whole life. By age 10, he was selling his 
own created comics, and, starting at age 15, he spent 
his teenage summers throughout the 1990s working 
for Image Comics and Todd McFarlane Productions at 
Comic-Con International. Neil began noticing 
commonalities between the underlying structure of 
language and the structure found in the "visual 
language" used in comics. Since then, his research 
has argued that the structure, cognition, and 
development of this visual language is similar to that 
of spoken and signed languages. Neil received his 
Ph.D. in Psychology from Tufts University. He is 
currently a postdoctoral research fellow at the Center 
for Research in Language at UC San Diego.

POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN



F e a t U R e s  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B e R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

www.SiebelScholars.com

BIOENGINEERING
JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY 
CENTER FOR BIOENGINEERING
Sravanti Kusuma
Tushar D. Rane
Sahar Soleimanifard
Stephany Yi Tzang
Jiefeng Xi

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE 
OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF BIOLOGICAL ENGINEERING

Timothy Curran 
Seymour de Picciotto
Aaron Meyer
Christopher Ng
Brandon Russell

STANFORD UNIVERSITY 
DEPARTMENT OF BIOENGINEERING
Lu Chen 
Kunal Mehta
Laura Sarah Sasportas 
Rebecca DiMarco Snyder
Yen-Hsiang Wang 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, BERKELEY 
DEPARTMENT OF BIOENGINEERING
Benjamin Li-Ping Lee
Mehrdad Mehrbod
Win Pin Ng
Dawn Spelke
Augusto Tentori

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
DEPARTMENT OF BIOENGINEERING
Jeffrey Gole
Margie Mathewson
Emily Pfeiffer
Carolyn Schutt
Ludovic Guillaume Jean-Marc Vincent 

BUSINESS
UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO
BOOTH SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
Eryn B. Koch
Evan Moore Pittman
Anurag Rajat
Thong Kai Shang 
Ethan J. Wang

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE 
OF TECHNOLOGY
SLOAN SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT
Jerry Kao Chiang
Jeffrey David Clark
Katy Dybwad
Rhiannon Kopynec
Jeffrey Sun 

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
KELLOGG SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT
Scott Peter Arnone
Otmane El Manser
Abhishek Gutgutia 
Emily Johnson 
Ann Yahr Kaplan

STANFORD UNIVERSITY 
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
Benjamin Austin 
Zoe Corneli 
Brian Jay Rose
Tom Sayer
Colin Stephen Twomey

COMPUTER SCIENCE
CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY 
SCHOOL OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Jason Richard Koenig
Anuj Kumar 
Gabriela Marcu
Ishan Misra 
Mrinmaya Sachan 

HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Rosario John Aquino 
Hossein Azari Sou�ani 
Xi Alice Gao
Tsung-Han Lin
Ryan Wisnesky

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE 
OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Xiaowei Cai
Gustavo Goretkin 
Rui Jin 
James Noraky
Warut Suksompong

PRINCETON UNIVERSITY
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Nicholas Johnson 
Jingwan Lu
Marcela S. Melara 
Huy Le Nguyen
Cole Schlesinger

STANFORD UNIVERSITY
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Antonin Bas
Mathan Glezer
Chinmay Kulkarni
Molly Mackinlay
Benjamin Paterson 

TSINGHUA UNIVERSITY 
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Jian Cui 
Dong Deng 
Jiayu Tang 
Xiaoyan Wang 
Yuhang Zhao 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, BERKELEY
COMPUTER SCIENCE DIVISION
Yeu-Hsien Cheng 
Cheng-yu Hong
Stephanie Rogers

UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS
AT URBANA-CHAMPAIGN 
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Dongjing He 
Gaurav Lahoti 
Arun Mohanray Mallya
Stephen Mayhew
Thomas Zhang

The Siebel Scholars program recognizes the most talented graduate 
students in business, computer science, and bioengineering. Each 
year, 85 are named Siebel Scholars based on academic excellence and 
leadership, and join an active, lifelong community among an ever-growing 
group of leaders.  We are pleased to recognize this year’s Siebel Scholars.  

Siebel Scholars Class of 2014
Congratulations

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
THE WHARTON SCHOOL
Martha P. Kelley 
Anne E. King

pAID ADVeRTISeMeNT



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 Federal job safety org.
5 Gorilla and gibbon
9 __ Hari
13 Prison uprising
14 Pot pie veggies
15 Early programming language
16 57-Across, 
12-Down or 
24-Down
18 Secretly stock up on
19 Wicker furniture maker
20 One of a crab’s grabbers
21 Gaza Strip gp.
23 TV kid “in the middle”
26 Sch. with a Providence campus
27 Holy, in Le Havre
29 “The Good Earth” mother
30 Luke, to Darth
31 Slipper or sandal
32 Dawdling type
35 Landing site of 7/20/1969
40 What bikinis expose, informally
41 Informed about
42 Sit-up targets
45 Yemen city
46 Pretentious one
47 “The Tell-Tale Heart” author
48 More foamy, as soap
51 Naval noncom: Abbr.
52 Yoked beasts, collectively
54 For all to hear
56 It’s slightly larger than a quart
57 16-Across Neil
61 Ogles
62 Asian desert
63 Resting on
64 Nabisco chocolate-and-creme cookie
65 Get up
66 Mother of Castor and Pollux

DOWN
1 “... man __ mouse?”
2 Girl sib
3 Wintertime drink
4 Gillette razor
5 Sleep disorder
6 Oyster’s gem
7 __ de Cologne
8 Former fast flier, for short
9 35-Across is on it
10 Beaded calculator
11 Bullring VIP
12 16-Across Buzz
15 Sweep’s milieu
17 “Drinks are __”
20 Braids
21 Sibilant “Hey!”
22 Bert who played a lion
24 16-Across Michael
25 Hardy of Laurel and Hardy
28 Apartment payment
32 Kind of bullet that expands on impact
33 Got ready to fire
34 Score-producing stats
36 Highly luminous cosmic objects
37 Often-amusing story
38 Gazpacho, e.g.
39 Within: Pref.
42 __ 11, mission celebrated in this puzzle
43 More squarish
44 Part of a living room set
46 Methodist, e.g.: Abbr.
49 Poetry feet
50 Borden mascot
53 Architect Saarinen
55 Russia’s __ Mountains
57 Part of USDA: Abbr.
58 French king
59 Nonverbal assent
60 Coll. student’s concern

ELECTRONICS
2010 Ford Ranger- $12700- Hi, I have a 2010 
Ford Ranger XLT 4X4 with 112,XXX miles all 
highway miles. This beauty is in attractive 
condition and comes with power doors, 
powered windows, Cd system, Ice cold AIR 
CONDITIONED, Powerful motor, Smooth 
transmission, NO LEAKS, K&N intake, alloy 
rims, paint is in attractive condition, this is 
the supercab and seats four people. Smog 
Check in hand. carfax in hand. Clean Carfax, 
with 1 owner, always serviced as you will 
see on the carfax. Come take a test drive, 
bring your mechanic, check everything out, 
and lets make a deal. This truck is a must 
see. asking price is $12700 or best offer. 
Listing ID: 72181324 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

2003 Toyota Matrix Black, 110K miles- 
$7495- Optional Features: Air conditioned, 
Powered steering, Electric windows, 
Leather Shifter, Tilting steering, Remote-
control entry, Security system, Rear 
Defogger, Variable windshield wipers, AM/
FM, Cd system, Rear Spoiler, Rear Wipers 
Listing ID: 72181322 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

2005 Ford Mustang Brown, 88K miles - 
$10000- Optional Features: Am/fm 
stereo, Cd system, Ac, Rear Window 
Defroster, Remote Remote-control entry, 
4-Wheel Disc Brakes, Dual Front Impact 
Air bags, Front Anti-Roll Bar, Front Wheel 

Contact Brianna, UCSD Airway Research Center

619-471-0822

Subjects aged 18-65 with current asthma 
symptoms to grass pollens needed for study 

requiring donation of blood, allergy skin 
testing, pulmonary function testing, and 

completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $575 for completion of 5 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

UCSD ASTHMA BLOOD 
DONOR STUDY:

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

.com/ucsdguardian

Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

Independent Suspension, Occupant 
Sensing Air bag, Panic Anti-theft, Speed 
Control, Bumpers: Body-Color, Power Door 
Mirrors, Convertible Roof Lining, Driver 
Door Bin, Driver Vanity Mirror, Lighted 
Entry, Passenger Vanity Mirror, Tilting steer-
ing, Cloth Bucket Seats, Front Bucket Seats, 
Front Center Arm rest, Passenger Door Bin, 
Alloy rims, Variably Intermittent windshield 
wipers. Listing ID: 72181319 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Used 2007 Ford F-150 XL - $13500- 
Features: Antitheft Listing ID: 72181318 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

APPLIANCES
2 Burner w/36” Griddle - $1175.00-Imperial 
36” Griddle with 2 Burner. 30”x48”. Natural 
Gas. $1175. For more information please 
visit us at South Bay Restaurant Supply2202 
Verus St., San Diego, Ca 92154 Listing ID: 
72171840 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Free Kitchen Appliances - n/a... - Used 
Kitchen appliances available for free. These 
appliances are built in appliances. The fol-
lowing are available for free: Microwave, 
Cooktop, Oven, Range Hood. Listing ID: 
71659755 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

FURNITURE
Black queen bedroom set - $650.00-Black 
queen bedroom set includes bed and box 
spring (no mattress) matching dresser with 
mirror and end table. Currently in storage. 
Listing ID: 72172283 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Queen Pillow Top Mattress - $150.00- 
Queen Pillow Top Mattress Set In Original 
Plastic $150. Call or Text 619-384-7432. 
Listing ID: 71965693 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information.

Ikea Futon - $1-Ikea futon, wooded slats 
and full sized mattress. Folds into small 
sofa. Listing ID: 72453628 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B e R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

bE USE AS LECTURE NOTES.prepared.

ANTH 1
BIBC 102
BICD 136
BIEB 102
BILD 1
BILD 2
BILD 3
BIMM 110
BIMM 116
BIPN 140
BIPN 148

CAT 1
CHEM 6A
CHEM 6C
CHEM 140A
CHEM 140A
CHEM 140C
COGS 101A
COGS 102A
COGS 107A
ECON 1
ECON 100B

ECON 100C
ECON 110A
ECON 120C
ECON 161
HUM 3
INTL 101
LTWL 114
MUS 4
MUS 13AM
PHIL 28
POLI 11

POLI 104I
POLI 113A
PSYC 1
PSYC 101
PSYC 104
PSYC 105
PSYC 154
PSYC 164
PSYC 179
SIO 30

DON’T MISS
A THING
WITH A.S. LECTURE NOTES

LOCATED AT THE STUDENT CENTER BY PORTER’S PUB
MONDAY - FRIDAY: 10am-5pm

lecturenotes.ucsd.edu • 858.534.6238

C U R R E N T  C O U R S E S

Current Lecture Notes are notes taken for courses happening THIS quarter 
and are sold on a subscription basis. When you purchase a subscription at 
our o�ce, we will give you a subscription card that we punch every time 

you come to pick up a set of notes. Each Monday, you can come back to 
pick up the previous week's notes.

“The head change has been 
good,” McCullough said. “We 
changed our style of play, and its 
been a transition because a lot of 
us are rooted in what we have been 
doing in the last four years, espe-
cially the seniors, but we’re taking 
stride as a unit and I think we’ll be 
able to do some really good things.”

In the second half, the Tritons 
were behind by as much as 13 points. 
But with persistent shooting, defen-
sive stops and a three pointer from 
sophomore forward Drew Dyer, who 
finished with eight points and seven 
rebounds, the game was tied at 49–49 
with 7:46 left in the game. Redshirt 
freshman guard Aleks Lipovic scored 
nine points, and true freshman Adam 
Klie also added eight points.

“When we got down, our main 
focus was to continue to play our 
game and not worry about the score,” 
McCann said. “If you focus on trying 
to come back quickly, that can hurt you 
so we just kept plugging away. We were 
able to get a few stops and make some 
shots which put us right back in it.”

With UCSD down by only two 
points with four minutes left, Pitt’s 
offense on the block closed the game 
out with an 11-point scoring run. 

“I was really pleased with our 

effort, I thought our guys really fought 
and battled all night,” Olen said to the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “That’s 
really a good team we played against. 
We were fortunate to get the ball to 
go in the basket a little bit and hang 
around for a little while.”

The Tritons look to rebound from 
Friday’s loss when they play their 
final exhibition game against Grand 
Canyon University on Nov. 1. 

“We’re going to practice really hard 
all week to prepare for that game,” 
McCullough said. “I’ve heard their 
atmosphere is pretty incredible so I’m 
sure we’ll have no shortage of motiva-
tion and see if we can go up there and 
get a win.”

The game against Pitt marks the 
beginning of a challenging season 
for the Tritons, and the players have 
already set their mind on some team 
goals they want to accomplish this 
year.

“Ultimately we just want to win 
games. Winning a league champion 
would be awesome,” McCullough said. 
“But we’re just trying to make the post-
season playing field and make a run at 
it this year. With the personnel that we 
have, I think we have a good strategy of 
shooting up the polls.”

Tritons Face Division I Pitt Under 
Guidance of  New Head Coach Olen

UCSD Prepares for NCAA Division II Regionals in Spokane

readers can contact
DAN I EL SU NG     D2SUNG@ucsd.edu 

▶ basketball, from page 1222:14.4. The Chico women’s squad 
dominated just as much as the men’s, 
snatching eight out of the top 20 
spots. Granados, like men’s top fin-
isher Aaron Thomas, won Newcomer 
of the Year at last year’s CCAA 
Championships held at UCSD.

The top UCSD finisher, junior 
transfer Paige Hughes, finished 16th 
overall with a time of 22:50.1 and 
missed out on the all-conference 
honor by a tenth of a second. 

The Tritons had the bulk of the 
team finish between 16th and 28th for 
a total of 123 points.

UCSD, although putting up a com-
bined time faster than Pomona, lost a 
top three spot to Cal Poly Pomona by 
five points. Chico State finished first 
with 29 points. Cal State Stanislaus 
finished second for the second year 
in a row with 77 points and Pomona 
finished third with 118 points.

“We saw some really good per-
formances from some of the younger 
girls, who have been stepping up,” 
Garcia said. “We’ve had some people 
dealing with illness, but we saw a lot 
of effort and a lot of heart Saturday.”

Both the men and women now 
have two weeks to prepare for the 
NCAA Division II Regionals, held in 
Spokane, Washington on Nov. 9.

Garcia said he expects the Tritons 
to perform well at Regionals and 

potentially be the first UCSD team to 
qualify for Nationals since 2007.

“[Nov. 9] is definitely a date we 
circled on our calendars early on,” 
Garcia said. “I still think that both 
teams have the capability to finish in 

the top five and qualify for nationals.”
Additional reporting by Rachel 

Uda. 

▶ CROss COUNtRY, from page 12

readers can contact
CLAY  KAU FMAN     CKAUFMAN@ucsd.edu 

phOTO BY ALwIN SZeTO /Guardian FiLE



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B e R  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

In the Home Stretch
Triton Men Finish Third, Women Fourth at CCAA 
Championships. UCSD to head to NCAA Regionals Nov. 9.

CROSS   COUNTRY

BY  clay  kaufman  ConTRIBUTING WRITER   photo   by  ALwin  Szeto 

Basketball Falls to Pitt in 
First Exhibition Game

UCSD Takes Down Air Force 15-10
MEN'S  BASKETBALL MEN'S  wATERPOLO

Tritons lose 72-59 against Division I Pitt last 
Friday, UCSD to face Grand Canyon Nov. 1.

The UCSD men’s water polo improves to 11-10 with last Friday’s win, Tritons 
(3-0 in WWPA) close out conference play against Santa Clara, UC Davis. 

No. 12 UCSD prevailed over No. 
20 Air Force 15–10 last Friday at 
Canyonview Pool in a game night 
dedicated to raising cancer awareness. 

Both teams found their offensive 
stride early, but UCSD quickly over-
took the Falcons and held a mul-
tiple goal lead through the rest of the 
match. When the clock ran out, UCSD 
recorded three goals apiece from soph-
omore utility Chase Cockerill, junior 
utility Joe Dietrich, junior two-meter 
defense Tommy Friedrich and junior 
two-meter Matt Michalko — contrib-
uting 12 of the Tritons’ 15 goals. 

Junior goalkeeper Cameron 
Ravanbach had 14 saves.

The match began with Air Force 
winning the sprint and scoring 
goals on their first two possessions. 
Cockerill put the Tritons on the board 
and started a UCSD scoring streak that 
left the Falcons down 8–5 at halftime.

The third period proved critical, 
as the Tritons continued to capitalize 
on their momentum from the first 
half. Adding to the offensive barrage, 
Ravanbach shut the Falcons out entire-
ly in the third, denying seven shots.

“We had a great third period,” head 
coach Denny Harper said. “We shut 
them out, and I think that was the dif-
ference. In the fourth quarter we had it 
under control.”

Despite UCSD’s dominance in the 
second half, the Tritons allowed two 
penalty shots in the fourth quarter. 
Harper added, “Two or three of those 
penalties were legitimate; we’re going 
to have to clean that up.”

Harper named six-year-old cancer 

survivor Bode Paulsen as honorary 
coach for the match. 

Bode was presented with a special 
Triton eye patch, a Falcon water polo 
coin and hat to commemorate the 
occasion.

Coach Harper, also a cancer survi-
vor, stated, “Childhood cancer aware-
ness, with there being so many dif-
ferent forms, is important. We can’t 
be providing enough money for the 
research that needs to be done. I think 
we did a small part to help the aware-

ness, and for that I’m grateful.”
With the win over Air Force, the 

Tritons improve to 11–10 overall and 
undefeated at 3–0 in the Western 
Water Polo Association.

UCSD will end conference play 
next week by taking on No. 16 Santa 
Clara on Friday, Nov. 1 at 6 p.m. and 
meeting No. 11 UC Davis the follow-
ing day at 1 p.m.

readers can contact
JOH N  STORY     JSTORY@ucsd.edu 

BY JOH N  STORY  CONTRIBUTING WRITER

phOTO BY ALwIN SZeTO / GUARDIAN FILe

The UCSD men’s basketball team 
played a competitive exhibition 
game last Friday against Division I 
opponent University of Pittsburgh, 
losing 72–59. Senior guard James 
McCann and senior forward 
MacKenzie McCullough both 
scored 13 points apiece in UCSD’s 
first game of the new season.

Pitt’s zone defense forced the 
Tritons into sloppy possession. UCSD 
recorded 10 out of their 15 turnovers 
in the first half, with Pitt capitalizing 
to score 10 points off Triton turnovers. 
Pitt’s size advantage in the front court 
also allowed the Panthers to capital-
ize off of rebounds, with senior for-
ward Talib Zanna grabbing 11 boards 
and adding on 17 points to give the 
Panthers the early lead.

However, the Tritons kept the game 
close with their three-point shooting, 
hitting 10 shots from behind the arc. 
Starting point guard McCann had a 
strong, well-rounded performance, 
hitting two for two from the three-
point line as well as 13 points, five 
assists and five rebounds to lead the 
Tritons. McCullough also recorded 13 
points and four rebounds. 

Pitt led 32–24 at the end of the 
first half.

First-year head coach Eric Olen — 
promoted in the beginning of October 
— made his debut at the helm, after 
spending nine years as an assistant 
coach. The players acknowledge the 
small changes in playing and coaching 

style but are confident that the team 
will adapt. 

“Olen is obviously a different 
person than Carlson, so practices 
have been different,” McCann said. 
“Our approach to games are a little 
different, and other subtle things are 
different, but the whole team is very 
comfortable with Olen and have 
complete trust in him.”

McCullough also said he’s happy 
with the coaching change.

BY  dan i el  su ng  CONTRIBUTING WRITER

See basketball, page 11

Despite two Tritons earn-ing all-conference honors, the podium was loaded 
with Chico State runners at last 
Saturday’s CCAA Cross Country 
Championships, where UCSD 
men finished third and women 
placed fourth. The Wildcats won 
their twelfth consecutive CCAA 
men’s cross country title and sixth 
straight women’s cross country 
title.

Chico State, en route to the 
first ever perfect score in CCAA 
history, notched nine out of the 
top 20 spots. Chico State runner 
Aaron Thomas finished first with 
a time of 24:50.6 followed closely 
by Alfonso Cisneros (24:50.8), 
Johnny Sanchez (24:51.1) and 
Isaac Chavez (24:51.2). 

Cisneros, Sanchez and Chavez 
dominated the Triton Classic 
two weeks ago at RIMAC, tying 
for first and breaking the course 
record.

For UCSD, senior Kellen Levy 
was first to finish with a time of 
25.15.8. Right on Levy’s heels was 
fellow senior Matt Lenehan, who 
finished with a time of 25:17.8. 

Both Levy and Lenehan finished 
in the top fifteen, which qualifies 
them for All-CCAA status.

“It was super emotional, as 
a senior, to win all-conference,” 
Lenehan said. “The team’s motto 
has been to have no regrets, and 
we’re excited to keep working in 
the coming weeks.”

Overall, Chico State fin-
ished with 15 points — nearly 
45 points over second place Cal 
Poly Pomona and nearly 65 points 
over the third place Tritons. The 
Wildcats’s combined time was 
even more outstanding. The team 
finished with a time of 2:04:15.7, 
which was two minutes faster than 
Pomona and four minutes faster 
than UCSD.

“I think on the men’s side, 
we had a solid race,” UCSD head 
coach Nate Garcia said. “I think 
we finished well within what we 
figured we could do, but the way 
that we performed as a whole was 
good.”

On the women’s side, Chico 
State runners Ayla Granados and 
Sara Mikesell finished first and 
second with times of 22:10.9 and 

See CROss COUNtRY, page 11

p
h

O
TO

 B
Y

 B
e

ATR
IZ

 B
A

jU
e

LO
S

/G
u

a
r

d
ia

n
 FiLE


