
Students, faculty and staff attended organic farm-ing workshops, documentary screenings and more to celebrate sustainability and environ-
mental awareness during UCSD’s annual Earth Week, 
which lasted from April 17 to April 24. 

This year’s Earth Week theme, “Making Zero a 
Reality,” focused on UCSD’s commitment to sus-
tainability and the campus’ efforts to reduce carbon 
footprint to have zero impact on the environment. 
A variety of events were held on campus, including 
workshops on conducting energy audits, opportuni-
ties to plant trees and a campus cleanup.

“UCSD’s Earth Week brings together our sur-
rounding community to celebrate our natural 
resources and educate the community on conserva-
tion,” UCSD Sustainability Program Manager Kristin 
Hansen said. “This week’s festivities illustrate how the 
campus-a world leader in climate change research- is 
committed to sustainability in research, education 
and campus operations.”

The week began with an organization tabling 
on Sun God Lawn, inviting all sustainability-
related organizations to set up their own table and 

inform others of sustainable matters. A Facilities-
Management-sponsored trash sort on Library 
Walk gave students the chance to learn about 
proper recycling and waste reduction strategies as 
well as insight to the amount of waste produced by 
Price Center daily.

Muir College’s annual Muirstock Festival marked 
the end of the week and featured organic food venues, 
recycled prizes and a solar-powered stage. Various 
activities throughout the day, including an evening 
concert, drew in over 1,500 students.

Phi Sigma Rho hosted the afternoon event “Phi 
Rho Your Boat,” a competition where campus orga-
nizations build and race boats out of recyclables 
across the Canyonview Pool West. About 300 people 
attended the event, which featured a photo booth, 
raffles and a sunscreen station. Proceeds from the 
event went to the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.

Attendees of each event were given stamps to col-
lect in an Earth Week Passport from the Sustainability 
Resource Center. Passports redeemed by April 29 are 

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 48 THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 2013 www.UcSDgUARDIAn.ORg

Tritons  take  
No. 1  Seed  in 
water  polo

story
  p. 12

SUN  GOD CAMPUS  LIFE

Secret Sun 
God Festival 
Artists 
Revealed
This year’s performers 
will also include Danny 
Brown, Portugal. The 
Man and Adrian Lux. 

Following delays in 
contractual negotiations, 
UC hospital workers will 
vote on a possible strike. 

The three final Sun God Festival 
artists have been revealed: The Sun 
God Stage artists will now include hip-
hop artist Danny Brown, American 
rock band Portugal. The Man and 
Swedish music producer Adrian Lux 
will complete the Dance Stage lineup.

The three acts were released in 
an official second Sun God lineup 
earlier this week, following a prelimi-
nary announcement on April 2 that 
featured headliners Kendrick Lamar 
and Porter Robinson.

According to A.S. Concerts and 
Events, the second announcement 
was a result of contractual obliga-
tions, as well as an effort to disperse 
information to students as quickly 
as possible. 

Battle of the Bands winner 
Soda Pants will open at the Sun 
God Stage, and DJ Battle winner 
VIKINGQUEST will follow DJ IndO 
on the Dance Stage.

Midway acts were released this 
morning and will include performances 
by America’s Best Dance Crew Season 5 
winners Poreotics and hip-hop dance 
team Choreo Cookies. Comedians 
Lauren O’Brien and Brian Moote and 
magicians Joel Ward, Joe Mystic and 
hypnotist Barry Jones will be perform-
ing on the Midway Stage as well.

The last Midway performer is yet 
to be announced. Student organiza-
tion volunteers will be announced 
within the week.

ASCE has also begun market-
ing and advertising efforts to pro-
mote Sun God 2013, including the 
annual Sun God babies scavenger 
hunt and weekly Instagram con-
tests. They have also partnered with 
the Alumni Association to award 
a Sun God Scholar scholarship to 
a UCSD student demonstrating 
excellent academic history and a 
passion for the arts.

Patient care workers at UC hospi-
tals may strike for higher wages and 
lower benefits costs following a delay 
in contractual negotiations. 

The American Federation 
of State, County and Municipal 
Employees Local 3299 called for a 
vote on whether or not to strike in 
a statement last Friday. The union 
blasted the University of California 
for spending an additional $100 mil-
lion on salaries and benefits for its 
top executives while offering workers 

UCSD Celebrates 
Earth Week

See LINEUP, page 3

The university’s annual festivities included organic farming 
workshops, documentary screenings and the Muirstock Festival.

BY  Sarah  moon  Senior Staff Writer

See Earth wEEk, page 3

UC  SYSTEM

Health 
Workers 
May Strike 
For Wages

See StrIkE, page 3

BY  M EKALA  N EELAKANTAN 
NEWS EDITOR BY  aleksan dra  konstanti novi c  

associate news editor

COMPLETING THE LINEUP
CLOCKWISE FROM BOTTOM LEFT: Danny Brown, Adrian Lux, Portugal.The Man

Midway performance acts were released yesterday morning, and will include dance groups, comedians and magi-
cians, in an effort to add more variety to the stage. As part of  advertising efforts, A.S. Concerts and Events will be 
bringing back Sun God Babies, and will partner with the Alumni Association to offer a Sun God Scholar Scholarship. 



2 T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  N E W S

SUN GOD FESTIVAL APPAREL ON SALE NOW!
LIBRARY WALK • 10am-3pm • to.ucsd.edu

Fleeting thoughts By Irene Chiang

Quite Frankly By Lior Schenk

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. LET’S SAY I’M OBSESSED WITH 
LABEL MAKERS.  

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Managing; managing@ucsdguardian.org

Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising Assistants 
Vivek Medepalli, Audrey Sechrest, Darren Shim

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Bobee Kim, Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van

Training and Development Manager
Madeline Mann

Laira Martin

Zev Hurwitz

Mekala neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Hilary Lee

Lauren Koa

Rachel Uda

Stacey chien

Jean Lee
Vincent Pham

Jacey Aldredge

Sebastian Brady 

Brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

Zoë Mccracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella Payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

Arielle Sallai

Editor in Chief

Managing Editor

News Editor

associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

associate Opinon Editor

Sports Editor

Features Editor

associate Lifestyle Editors

a&E Editor

associate a&E Editor

Photo Editor

associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

associate Design Editor

art Editor

associate art Editor

Copy Editor

associate Copy Editor

web Editor

Editorial Assistants
Mozelle Armijo, Rachel Huang, Jacqueline Kim, 

Shelby Newallis, Kelvin Noronha

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Kate Galloway, Rachel Huang,                    

Jacqueline Kim 

Researchers at UCSD’s Fantino Lab 
conducted a study on the New York 
City ban on large-sized sodas to deter-
mine whether the ban would have 
its intended effects of reducing soda 
consumption.

Study author Brent M. Wilson 
believes that the results of the study 
can be used to determine the value of 
this ban as other states consider similar 
laws, in addition to helping businesses 
maintain sales. 

“We approached the question from 
both a psychological perspective of 
how consumers would respond and 
an economics perspective of how busi-
nesses would respond,” Wilson said. 
“Similar bans have also been discussed 
in California and other areas besides 
New York City.” 

For the study, which was published 
April 10 in the scientific journal PLOS 
One, researchers presented three dif-
ferent menu choices to 100 partici-
pants. Each menu represented a dif-

ferent type of scenario. The first menu 
was “unregulated” and offered drinks 
in 16, 24 and 32-ounce sizes starting at 
$1.59. The second menu only offered 
the smaller 16-ounce size for the same 
price while the last menu offered the 
options of a single 16-ounce drink or 
bundles of two 12-ounce or 16-ounce 
drinks. The context was randomized 
so participants would buy according to 
their location, which included movie 
theaters, fast food restaurants and sta-
diums — all locations where the ban 
would take place.

Wilson and his fellow research-
ers found that participants purchased 
considerably more soda in bundles of 
12-ounce and 16-ounce drinks than in 
individual sodas of various sizes. The 
finding illustrates that people will find 
ways to buy large amounts of soda if 
larger-sized sodas are banned.

“This study sheds light on possible 
unintended side effects of trying to 
manipulate people’s behavior by ban-
ning some of their available choices,” 
said Wilson.

Wilson’s team of researchers also 
concluded that based on the deci-
sions of the participants, businesses 
could significantly increase revenue 
from selling bundled drinks, which 
outsold the unregulated menu with 
mixed sizes.

“Sugary drinks are a major source 
of business revenue, and businesses 
will adjust their menus in order to 
maximize profits,” said Wilson.

The researchers noted the limi-
tations of the study, saying that it 
measured how much soda consum-
ers purchased in various simulated 
settings and not how much they con-

sumed. Barbara Jean Rolls, chair of 
nutritional studies at Pennsylvania 
State University, also emphasized the 
simulated situations and the lack of 
real-world component that it brought.

New York Supreme Court Judge 
Milton Tingling ruled against the 
implementation of the ban, which was 
set to go into effect in March 2013.

“The New York City ban is current-
ly blocked by a court, so it is difficult to 
say what effect this study will have on 
the ban,” Wilson said.

 

UCSD Researchers Analyze Effects of  NYC Soda Ban
SCIENCE  &  TEChNOLOGY

readers can contact
sean  nam     snam012@ucsd.edu 

BY sean  nam  Staff Writer

PHOTO cOURTESY Of POLITIcO.cOM



An unsettling phenomenon has 
gripped the Forum lately as fewer 
and fewer A.S. Council members 
are seen at the weekly meetings. 
Somebody should look into the pos-
sibility of alien abductions. Break 
out the tin foil hats, kids.

But in all seriousness, guys, come 
on. If I have to be here, so do you.

VP External Affairs Olamide 
Noah and 
Campus 
Organizing 
Co-Director 
Bruno Huizar 
began with a pre-
sentation on behalf of UCSA’s FIRE 
campaign. With so many letters in 
caps, I was understandably titillated.

FIRE stands for Fighting 
Incarceration Reclaiming 
Education, and is an incred-
ibly valuable campaign on prison 
reform, which focuses on keeping 
teenagers out of prisons.

Huizar argued that African 
American and Latino students in 
particular are targeted by public 
schools, often being pushed out of 
education and into prisons. 

“California prisons are also the 
worst prisons for reincarnation,” 
he said. 

Say it ain’t so! Something must 
be done!

He immediately caught his 
mistake, and continued, “Sorry. 
Rehabilitation.”

Both speakers attributed so 
many young people in prisons to 
incarceration for nonviolent, drug-
related crimes, a practice that has 
been controversial since Richard 
Nixon declared a “War on Drugs” 
in 1971. 

As a sterling character with 
impeccable personal scruples, 
Nixon was the right guy to deter-

mine our country’s code of ethics.
Noah and Huizar, not to mention 

countless other analysts, pointed out 
that this war has led to an embar-
rassing overcrowding of California 
prisons, with most of the state’s 33 
prisons functioning at almost 200 
percent capacity.

Earlier this month, a judge gave 
Governor Jerry Brown 20 days to 

find a way to cut 
down the prison 
population or be 
held in contempt 
of the court. 

UCSA and 
FIRE are working on bills that they 
believe will help the situation.

Assembly Bill 420, for example, 
aims to weed out the idea of “willful 
defiance” as grounds for expulsion. 
California currently has the number 
one expulsion rate in the nation, and 
willful defiance is a vague category 
that includes talking back.

At some point in the meeting, 
a picnic began happening behind 
me. I looked on jealously, and 
somewhat judgmentally, until they 
offered me chips.

Council was scheduled to vote 
a reform towards their election 
bylaws, but too few voting members 
were present. Aliens. I’m telling y’all.

Council also debated a resolution 
to fund the General Store since they 
will lose revenue after the smoking 
ban kicks in at UCSD.

In other news, an A.S. Council 
columnist position is optimistically 
up for grabs here at the Guardian. 

We don’t pay you, and you have 
to go to meetings for 3 to 4 hours, 
but you get to sit in a corner and 
make snarky comments to yourself. 
And sometimes, people will give you 
food.

No extra terrestrials need apply.

aleksandra  konstantinovic 
akONSTa@ucsd.edu

a paltry average pension of $19,000.
“UC Medical Centers have 

offered their front line care work-
ers cuts in total compensation,” the 
statement read.

The union represents more than 
13,000 workers statewide, includ-
ing 2,000 technicians and vocational 
nurses at UCSD’s Medical Center. 
They have been negotiating a con-
tract for over 10 months with no 
results, even after the current con-
tract expired on Jan. 31 of this year.

A group of AFSCME workers 
previously staged a protest supported 
by UCSD students, as reported in a 
Feb. 4th, 2013 issue of the Guardian. 
Students and workers gathered out-

side of a private faculty club meeting 
for a new chancellor to challenge the 
workers’ low wages as well as unliv-
able pensions. The protest was one 
of many occurring on UC campuses. 

But University of California Vice 
President of Systemwide Human 
Resources Dwaine Duckett issued 
a statement condemning the strike 
vote as a diversion from the real issue 
of pension reform.

“By encouraging a possible strike 
among our patient care employees, 
AFSCME is attempting to use patient 
care as a tool in contract negotiations 
and potentially endangering public 
health, which is completely inappro-
priate,” Dukett said. “Patients are not 
bargaining chips.”

The statement also asserts that it 

has offered AFSCME an economic 
package that includes annual wage 
increases of up to 3.5 percent for the 
next four years in addition to a set of 
health and pension benefits.

AFSCME Local 3299 also went 
on strike in 2008 in a parallel dis-
pute over salary increases for custo-
dians, housekeepers and food prep-
aration employees on the UCSD 
campus and in the UCSD Medical 
Center system. That strike had pre-
viously been delayed by a court-
ordered injunction. 

The union plans to hold a vote 
between April 30 and May 2 to deter-
mine their course of action.

awarded one raffle ticket per stamp 
collected, giving participants a chance 
to win sustainable prizes.

Earth Day celebrations were 
expanded in 2004 to include a full 
week of events.

“The ambition of our students is 
incredibly impressive and is evident 
in their involvement in Earth Week 

this year,” Hansen said. “Our students 
are true examples of believing in and 
pushing for a better and more sustain-
able future by educating and develop-
ing innovative solutions.”

Earth Week concluded with its 
Sustainability Awards, an event 
where the Advisory Committee 
on Sustainability recognizes indi-
viduals and groups that have con-
tributed to a sustainable campus. 

Undergraduate and graduate stu-
dents, faculty and staff received 
awards in different categories. 

“It is always great to see a strong 
turnout, and we hope to continue the 
interest and momentum every year 
the campus recognizes Earth Week,” 
Hansen said.

“We are also working with Triton 
Television on a series of fun safety 
and health videos, which are intended 
to guide students through being safe 
on Sun God,” ASCE Festivals Director 
Andrea Hsueh said. “It’s saddening to 
see your friends and peers not take 
care of themselves, or even each other, 
on festival day.”

AS Concerts and Events will also 
be hosting a silent auction before 
the festival, as part of their Sun God 
for a Cause program. 

Objects to be auctioned will 
include a signed Silversun Pickups 
Epiphone guitar and signed 
Portugal. The Man CDs.

 Confirmed sponsors for Sun God 
2013 include the UCSD Bookstore, 
A.S. Graphic Studio, Hindsight 

Rehearsal Studios, MEElectronics, 
Image Line and FM 94.9, with more 
sponsors to follow.

“It is our hope that we have done 
our job in serving the greatest num-
ber of students possible and that 
May 17 will be a day of memories for 
a majority of students.” Hsueh said.

N E W S  T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  3

Earth Week Concluded With Sustainability Awards Wednesday
▶ Earth wEEk, from page 1

readers can contact
sarah  moon    smoon@ucsd.edu 

Council (Or What’s Left of  
It) Discusses Prison Reform

ASCE Will Host a Silent Auction During Sun God for a Cause
▶ LINEUP, from page 1

readers can contact
mekala  neelakantan   mneelaka@ucsd.edu 

UCSD Students Supported a Previous Worker Strike in February
▶ StrIkE, from page 1

readers can contact
aleksan dra  konstanti novic    alkonsta@ucsd.edu 



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Building Bridges, Connecting Communities. This is the core value that the Keep It 
Real slate aspired toward in the recent 
Associated Student elections.

 Our campaign practiced this value 
not only by bringing together candi-
dates from diverse backgrounds, but 
also by receiving overwhelming support 
from so many different campus commu-
nities, including the Student Affirmative 
Action Committee, the Food Co-op and 
Original Student Center, members from 
the Greek and athletic community and 
countless student organizations. Now that 
we have been elected, it is my hope that 
our new A.S. Council will reaffirm this 
commitment while in office.

In the coming year, our university is fac-
ing a number of pressing challenges, from 
the UC Student Health Insurance Plan debt 
exceeding $50 million, to the costs associat-
ed with the failure of the recent University 
Centers Referendum, a well intentioned 
smoking ban with serious repercussions for 
our student-run businesses and of course, 
the ongoing dilemma with Transportation 
and Parking Services operating on an 
unsustainable deficit. Moving forward, it 
is vital that we as students, the experts 
of our educational experience, take full 
advantage of and expand upon our 
representation in decision-making pro-
cesses so that we can reach solutions 
that are equitable and just.

As for myself, I committed to 
being an agent for positive social 

change long before I was elected 
as a Muir College Senator last 

year — from negotiating the phasing out of 
disposable plastic water bottles and install-
ing hydration stations across campus while 
working with the Student Sustainability 
Collective, to interning at the LGBT 
Resource Center on campus. I intend to 
build upon these efforts toward social 
justice as A.S. President by prioritizing the 
rights of students and workers, while also 
pursuing a proactive policy agenda. 

During the first A.S. Council meeting 
of the new term, I hope to charge two 
committees with beginning to work to 
carry out some of my larger campaign 
promises. The first is making our 
campus more bike-friendly. With six 
different colleges vastly spread out, 
overcrowded walkways between 
classes and a number of bikes 
locked against trees due to a 
lack of parking racks, it’s evi-
dent that new infrastructure 
to support bikes is needed. 
Luckily, we don’t have to rein-
vent the wheel to find these 
solutions. The 2012 UCSD 
Bike & Pedestrian Plan lays out 
proposals for more bike paths, 
lanes and development that will 
make UCSD more navigable, 
while also working to connect 
UCSD to the broader La Jolla 
community. This special commit-
tee will give a thorough analysis of 
the study, offer recommendations 
for which portions of the plan are 
most feasible and affordable and 

My editor told me that my title 
was lackluster. I don’t care, because 
so is the King Triton statue. I 
remember being a freshman when 
the 750-pound bronze merman 
in Town Square was unveiled in 
2008. Admin told us that the statue 
would represent the beginning of a 
new era in UCSD school spirit. But 
the statue has yet to foster the sort 
of tradition that UCSD deserves.

Rebranding school spirit with 
a dope campuswide symbol would 
seem like a good idea. With Triton 
being the son of Poseidon, and with 
our proximity to the ocean, the 
UCSD mascot has serious potential 
for ass-kicking cred. But when they 
revealed the statue, I learned that 
everything in life in botchable.  

Our King Triton statue is uncer-
tainly held up by three uneven 
shiny poles. There’s a joke of a 
fountain below him. Meager spurts 
of water spray the supporting poles 
and end up splashing out and slop-
pily trickling away. It’s sacrilegious 
that our statue takes a god of the 
goddamn ocean and puts him on 
top of a leaky puddle. 

The transition from awkward 
fish tail to human torso makes poor 
Triton look like a Frankenstatue. In 
his left arm, he’s clutching a midget 
Trident much shorter than what our 
prison-ripped King Triton mascot 
carried around athletic events long 
before 2008. In his outstretched 
right arm is a conch shell. But 
instead of looking like a heroic deity 
calling a sea monster to crush our 
athletic competition, with his slight 
backwards tilt, the Triton depicted 
in the statue looks like a tipsy, 
bearded merman trying to get the 
last drop of rum out of a seashell.

I should stop here and say that 
I unquestionably support Triton 
spirit. I cheered through every 
home soccer game this season, 
campaigned for D-I athletics, and 
helped stop A.S. Council from fur-
ther cutting the Triton Tide budget. 
But when students complain that 
we don’t have school spirit, we 
should look at the big picture.  

It’s not that our midterms are 
too hard — places like Michigan 
and Stanford wear spirit on their 
sleeves. It’s not that our mascot is 
lame — Triton would merk Tommy 
Trojan if he had to. In a lot of ways, 
what we lack is robust tradition.  

Sure, as a student body, we 
loathe professors who schedule 
midterms on Sun God. But that just 
means our deepest campuswide 
tradition is celebrating the yearly 
occasion on which UCSD hands 
out more underage drinking cita-
tions than any other day. 

I can’t tell you exactly how to 
build university tradition. But as 
with King Triton, when we cre-
ate something with the potential 
to become a longstanding rallying 
call for our student body, it should, 
needless to say, be done right. You 
can’t compensate for a lame statue 
by using wide-angle photos to make 
it look impressive. That doesn’t fos-
ter tradition. 

Unfortunately, since bronze has 
a rather long half-life, it’s unlikely 
that the King Triton will disap-
pear anytime soon. Really, what we 
deserve are campuswide traditions 
more profound than politely put-
ting up with a lame statue.

I Think
the King 
Triton Statue 
is Lame

brad  segal jsegal@ucsd.eduBro's  eye  view

From the Desk of 
Andy Buselt

The A.S. President-elect discusses 
his agenda for the 2013–2014 year.

illustration by Jeffrey Lau

See Buselt, page 5

Editorials

Laira Martin
Editor in ChiEf

Zev hurwitz
Managing Editor

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Lauren Koa
assoCiatE opinion Editor

Mekala neelakantan
nEws Editor

aleksandra Konstantinovic
assoCiatE nEws Editor

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San diego. Contents © 

2013. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of regents, the aSUCSd or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

Going Smoke-Free: Students Need Support in Changing Times
Say goodbye to the hookah 

circles on Eleanor Roosevelt College 
lawn, and adieu to the Co-op’s 
variety of cigars, hookahs and ciga-
rettes. Instead, say hello to educa-
tional citations and posters remind-
ing you not to light up.

On April 22, UCLA implemented 
a tobacco ban on its campus — the 
first of 10 UC campuses to become 
smoke-free by January 2014. On April 
23, all UCSD students received an 
email about our campus’ decision to 
implement the UC-wide smoke-free 
campus policy on Sept. 1, 2013.

The ban marks a dramatic shift 
from our current policy, which allows 
smoking in parking lots and campus 
sidewalks. The new policy forbids all 
students, staff and faculty from smok-
ing on campus — a blow to both on-
campus residents who smoke regu-
larly and the General Store. Perhaps 
most important in moving forward 
(since the ban now has a set start 
date) is that UCSD administrators 
recognize the effects that the imple-
mentation of this policy will have on 
students and act responsibly to help 
alleviate concerns.

While we agree that a smoking 
ban will make for a better environ-

ment, air quality and general health 
for the majority of nonsmoking stu-
dents, faculty and staff, UCSD admin-
istrators should not forget about the 
nine percent of undergraduate stu-
dents who do smoke. While Student 
Health Services says it has both coun-
seling and aids available to student 
smokers, a ban like this demands 
greater access to cessation aids and 
programs and stronger communica-
tion and marketing to students. SHS 
will need to provide more counseling 
and better access to cessation treat-
ments, and UC SHIP needs to actually 
support these costs. UCSD’s health 
care services needs to address the fact 
that if students are to quit cold turkey, 
they will need the necessary resources 
to help them in the process. 

And let’s not let UCSD administra-
tors forget about what the ban will 
do to the Co-ops, which have already 
had their fair share of financial hard-
ships. Just this fall quarter, it came to 
light that the Co-ops had considerable 
budget issues and debt as A.S. Council 
and the Graduate Student Association 
deliberated on whether to vote for 
their recertification. Because the 
smoke-free policy also prohibits the 
sale of any tobacco products by busi-

nesses in any UC-owned or occupied 
buildings, the Co-ops will have a huge 
gap in their finances. General Store 
Co-Manager Josh Kenchel estimates 
that the General Store earns $60,000 
— more than half of its annual profit 
revenue — from the sale of tobacco 
products alone.

A.S. Council Associate Vice 
President of Environmental and Social 
Justice Affairs Vanessa Garcia and 
Associate Vice Chancellor of Health, 
Recreation and Well-being Karen 
Calfas have both reached out to the 
Co-ops to discuss possible methods 
to gain university assistance. Council 
held a meeting to discuss resolutions 
regarding the ban’s effect on students 
last night. But while discussion is 
good, this problem calls for concrete 
plans and action. UCSD administra-
tors need to recognize a responsibility 
to help the Co-ops create a plan for 
the General Store to transition to a 
financially stable state without the sale 
of tobacco by September. Without 
the university’s help, UCSD students 
may lose more than just their right to 
smoke on campus next school year.

UCSD administrators seem 
excited about the prospect of a smoke-
free, healthy campus environment but 

this excitement is no reason to forget 
about the many students who will be 
affected by the ban most.



Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                 Lifestyle Editor: Laira Martin  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Jacey Aldredge  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle Associate Editors: Jean Lee and Vincent Pham  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Basquiat 
and the 
Tortured 
Artist
sebastian  brady sbrady@ucsd.eduBetween the Frames

W hen A$AP Rocky said, “I’m painting vivid pictures, call me Basquiat, Picasso,” on 
LONG.LIVE.A$AP (“Phoenix”), 
the number of rappers mentioning 
Jean-Michel Basquiat (including 
both Kanye West and Jay-Z) reached 
critical mass. Because of this, the 
other day, I watched “Jean-Michel 
Basquiat: The Radiant Child” on 
Netflix. To give the reader a (very) 
condensed summary, the documen-
tary describes the painter’s arc from 
bohemian to world-renowned artist to 
heroin addict. In the end, an attempt 
at sobriety fails, and Basquiat dies 
from a heroin overdose.

It’s all very tragic. Basquiat began 
his career as a 17-year-old barely 
surviving on the streets of art-crazed 
1980s Manhattan. Just a few years 
later, he appeared on magazine covers 
and at international art shows. The 
art establishment, however, largely 
rejected his work. The young and 
rich (but rejected) artist started using 
heroin, and even when he tried, he 
could never turn away from it. He 
overdosed at 27, a mere 10 years after 
he ran away from home to make and 
sell art on the streets.

Again, I was struck by the tragedy 
of his life, especially when I saw his 
work. His paintings are remarkable. 
They are vibrant and emotionally 
complex. The colors are striking, and 
the figures are haunting. He some-
times inserts words into his visual 
work, making his pieces both poems 
— in a loose sense — and paintings.

At the time, the established art 
movement was extremely minimal-
ist. (Imagine a blank white canvas on 
a white wall.) Basquiat’s work, then, 
completely rejected this movement. 
Rather than tightly bound, Basquiat 
made his works wild, infusing them 
with an almost youthful exuberance, 
even when he tackled serious social 
or personal issues. So to see such a 
talented artist destroy himself at such 
a young age felt uncomfortable.

What was most uncomfortable 
throughout the movie, though, was 
how predictable Basquiat’s life was. 
Halfway into the documentary, I 
had a strong hunch that Basquiat 
would meet an untimely death. To 
be fair, there is a sort of inchoate 
sense of tragedy surrounding his 
life, so it might not be a surprise 
that I could guess the outcome of 
the documentary.

Still, though Basquiat’s life falls 
into an almost formulaic path:

1. Young artist gains fame by flout-
ing established norms.

2. Conservative establishment 
rejects young artist for flouting its 
established norms.

3. Young artist despairs, falls 
into self-destructive habits, meets 
tragic end.

It’s hardly a distinctive path. In 
fact, some of Basquiat’s influences 
followed a similar one. The abstract 
painter Jackson Pollock fought with 

mission: accomplished

t he more you learn about “Oblivion,” the more there is to be excited about. While the sci-fi thriller is only Joseph Kosinski’s second big-screen movie, it’s a sci-fi movie 
that isn’t a prequel, sequel, remake or movie version of an old 
TV show. Much like “TRON: Legacy” (Kosinski’s debut film), 
“Oblivion” is saturated with visual beauty, equipped with a 
pulse-pounding score and adorned with action sequences in 
the form of fight scenes and vehicular battles. 

“I wanted it to be desolate but beautiful,” Director Joseph 
Kosinski said. 

The plot sometimes collapses in on itself and ends up 
riddled with questions, but it twists and turns too fast for the 
regular viewer to notice or care. In a Skype interview with 
the Guardian and several other publications, lead actor Tom 
Cruise and director Joseph Kosinski discuss creating the world 
of “Oblivion” and reveal that they have become close.

“I am always interested in things that are different, and Joe 
is just so great at making a story,” Cruise said, explaining what 
about “Oblivion” piqued his interest.  

After winning a war with aliens, humans have evacuated 
the ravaged Earth to a giant spaceship called Tet. That is, all 
humans but two. Cruise plays Jack Harper who lives with girl-
friend and partner Vika (Andrea Riseborough) in a futuristic 
house, perched high above the terrarian wasteland. While 
Vika stays in the safe confines of the luxury box and com-
municates with Command, Jack goes out to repair damaged 
drones that patrol the earth, eliminating any remaining aliens 
known as “Scavs.” Despite its ruined state, the repairman feels 
an attachment to Earth. On his outings, Jack often picks up 
things he finds including books, records and a Yankees hat. 
He assembles these objects as memorabilia of a time he knows 
only from fragments and enigmatic dreams after having his 
memory wiped. 

Jack’s sentimentality is contrasted by the coldness of the 
drones he repairs. He returns home covered in dirt and dust 
to an ultra clean, white and gray, minimalist home complete 
with a complacent girlfriend. If the stark contrast between the 
protagonist and his world had been just a bit more pungent, it 
would have been unbearable. But Cruise’s performance saves 
the character. 

In an unusual move, Cruise actually reached out to 
Kosinski to be a part of the film after some artwork caught the 
actor’s eye at comic-con. With Cruise in, Kosinski’s team now 
had to set about producing an actual script. 

“Tom already suited the character...it was not much work 
[to write a part for him],” Kosinski said. 

As the two laugh and joke with each other, they come 
off as old buddies. Cruise expressed that it was a hugely 
collaborative effort working with Kosinski. 

“To prepare for the role, I just spent a lot of time with Joe 
[Kosinski],” Cruise said. 

Kosinski also spoke excitedly about the opportunity to 
work with Cruise. 

“He has worked with all my heroes: Kubrick, Ridley Scott 
and Scorsese,” he said.

It seems as if Kosinski tried to recreate some of the sci-
fi magic like that of his heroes. He indeed churned out an 
enjoyable original — the likes of which have become a rare 
breed in Hollywood. 

“Much like the Western, the sci-fi creates a story,” Cruise 
said in response to why he made a science fiction movie.

“It has a little of everything. It has action. It has a lot of 
emotion. It has romance to it. So it has everything. Also, I 
wanted to bring sci-fi out of the dark.” Kosinski said about his 
new film.

Much like classic sci-fi movie makers, Kosinski also favored 
his characters exercising elaborate plots over logical reasoning 
because it allowed for cooler effects and trippier plot twists, 
which speaks to the original intent of film — to entertain. 
Further, the lack of answers reflects the state of the characters. 
In other words, we only know as much as they know, making 
them even more relatable. “Oblivion” also maintains a steady 
stream of action.

If you watch “Oblivion” again, all your focus would be 
locked in on the “bubbleship” as it glides fluidly in and out of 
danger in all its bulbous glory; or maybe you’ll sit on the edge 
of your seat as Jack finds himself in one precarious situation 
after another and uses only his wits and inexplicable flexibility 
to overcome them.

“In the most painful scene,” Cruise laughed, “I felt my neck 
bend in this certain way.”

“When you watch the playback, you can actually see his 
neck bend in this unnatural way, and we were like, ‘Are you 
okay?’” Kosinski said. 

Viewers can rest easy (there were no serious injuries to 
speak of), sit back and watch “Oblivion,” as well as enjoy its 
score, composed by none other than M83. 

“I was actually listening to an early M83 album while writ-
ing the original [graphic] novel,” Kosinski said. 

At first the music of the film is characterized by deep swells 
and resonating bass, much like “TRON: Legacy.” But later 
the speed and tempo picks up and the unique sounds of M83 
come out and make the score listenable on its own.

It does not feel right to label Kosinski as a novice 
though that is essentially what he is. From “Oblivion,” 
Kosinski has proven three things. 1) He’s doing pretty well 
for a novice. 2) He is a mast imaginer of worlds. And 3) 
He has great taste in music.

Sci-fi thriller “Oblivion” succeeds in wowing audiences, supported by director 
Joseph Kosinski and Tom Cruise’s discussion about the film’s origins and 

atmosphere.

See Frames, page 8

BY  raquel calderon  Staff Writer

readers can contact
raquel calderon     rcalderon@ucsd.edu 



lifestyle T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  7

i ’m standing at a packed train sta-tion with people running to and fro, their luggage in hand. The 
sun was setting in the backdrop of a 
Spanish-looking pueblo. My friend 
is ready to board the train while I 
am seeing her off. She mouths the 
word “goodbye” before walking 
away; I focus on her lips shaping 
the words, moving in slow motion.

Afterwards there is a celebra-
tion, and the sky turns into a mul-
titude of blue, and mariachi music 
hums in the background.

The dream shifts into a desert 
landscape, sun beating down on 
cracked ground. I’m on a school 
trip, and we’re walking in a line 
through the desert of small boul-
ders and dead puppies. The bodies 
of the dead puppies littered just as 
far as the endless stretch of land.

I trip along the road, and my 
mouth meets the sandy dirt, the 
taste of grit and dog on my tongue.

The dream was so strange to me 
that I looked it up. I’ve heard about 
dream dictionaries and the idea 
of interpreting dreams before, but 
have never thought about trying it. 
There were many websites on the 
Internet that had differing interpre-
tations, but what I found was that 
dogs represent loyalty and emotion-
al protection. A dead dog means 
the loss of a friend or instincts.

When I read this, everything 
made sense. The dead dogs, the 
departing train and her “goodbye” 
sealed the deal. I lost a friend — a 
breakup long overdue. However, it 
wasn’t until I had the dream that I 
realized that it was time to cut the 
tie. My dream told me something 
that I had already intuitively known 
but had never considered.

Perhaps society and being a lit-
erature major has conditioned me 
to analyze everything, but I view 
dreams as revelations. Not the kind 
where the light bulb turns on, but a 
discovery of the self.

I have been writing down my 
dreams since my sophomore year of 
high school. When the notebooks 
began to pile up and the files took 
up laptop space, I wondered why I 
was doing this and what to do with 
the material that I have gathered.

It can’t be for nothing. I feel that 
my dreams mean something; I want 
them to mean something.

I have thought about writing a 
book, which leads me to the real-
ization that I would have to find 
some sort of theme to connect all 
the strange things that I dream 
about. I also realized that I would 
have to try to decipher my hand-
writing and make sense of what I 
wrote.

This was when I started to look 
into analyzing my dreams. I’m curi-
ous as to whether they have any 
meaning, or they were just a jumble 
of our sensory experiences and 
thoughts. Recurring dreams about 
being chased by a doll, when I used 
to love playing with them, make me 
wonder whether my unconscious is 
trying to tell me something.

It wasn’t until I had gotten that 
particular dead dogs dream that 
made me aware of how my dreams 
can reveal things that I wasn’t 
aware of.

I don’t know whether dreams 
tell you everything, or if it’s still 
clear cut whether they tell you any-
thing at all. Maybe I was just trying 
to assign it meaning. If we spend 
a third of our life sleeping and a 
portion of that dreaming, looking 
up the strange dream you had the 
night before wouldn’t hurt.

summer style:
make  Waves  in  Fashion

BY    naire  ter-galystan  Staff Writer   

A s the season of bikinis, shorts and shades approaches, students keep an eye out for advanc-ing trends in order to let go of last year’s vogue. 
Although summer is all about dressing down, finding 
the perfect layering piece will help when building an 

outfit for a night out in the Gaslamp Quarter district 
or a day at La Jolla Shores. In both men’s and women’s 
fashion, summer 2013 is about having fun with pat-
terns, colors and fabulous accessories. Here’s what the 
Guardian recommends:

Patterns

Floral

Black  &  White metallics stripes

Summer is about trying 
new things. Have some fun 
with the prints you purchase 
by pairing your patterns with 
solids. When picking the per-
fect print, the more geometric 
shapes, the better.

Experimenting with floral 
prints is a must. Whether you 
are going to a summer festival, 
concert or a party, this trend 
is still very popular. With an 
abundance of do-it-yourself 
videos on YouTube, adding 
flowers to jewelry or clothing 
can be a fun fashion state-
ment for Sun God. Prada used 
daisies but any type of flower 
would work well for this trend.

This combination was out 
of the picture for a while but it’s 
back. There is nothing classier 
than black and white. Layering 
white on top of white gives an 
irresistibly clean look and has 
become the trend to watch since 
it was all over Alexander Wang’s 
fashion show. 

Metallics don’t have to 
be the usual gold or bronze. 
Try a more interesting glossy 
color like navy and coral. Pair 
a metallic piece with a neu-
tral or bold color. Luminous 
shades were all over Diane Von 
Furstenberg’s fashion show; 
adding a pair of these to your 
outfit will complete any look.

They can be horizontal, 
vertical or diagonal; stripes 
are a definite must-have. Try 
wearing stripes in fun colors 
like orange and mint. Michael 
Kors and Tommy Hilfiger 
displayed summer pieces in 
colorful stripes, but for a col-
lege friendly budget, Foreign 
Exchange offers a wide variety 
of substitutes.

Try printed geometric shapes 
on the classic button down. 
Louis Vuitton showcased many 
checkered prints on their sum-
mer runway, but for college stu-
dents, a checkered button down 
from H&M will do the job. Pair 
them with your favorite pair of 
shorts, and they’re perfect for a 
summer night’s concert.

Floral might sound risky, 
but pairing a floral printed 
shirt underneath a solid col-
ored blazer will be stylish 
without being overpowering.

When going out on a date 
in downtown La Jolla, keep it 
simple with white pants and a 
white button down because the 
combination will impress any-
one. As for your feet, a pair of 
boat shoes would be ideal. 

Try a metallic sports jacket to 
stray away from the norm. Try 
to pair it with dark washed jeans 
and a basic t-shirt, all of which 
can be found at Calvin Klein or 
Urban Outfitters. 

Don’t be afraid of stripes. 
Keep in mind there’s nothing 
more appealing than striped 
swim trunks in beaming colors 
that can be found at Forever 21. 

Men

Men

Men
Men

Men

 Try a maxi dress with 
printed symmetrical formations 
coupled with a denim vest. 
This will give your effortless 
look an edgy twist. Forever 
21 has an abundance of maxi 
dresses to choose from with fun 
prints like tie dye or floral, and 
this look is perfect for a walk 
around Pacific Beach. 

The bigger the flowers, 
the better. Exaggerated floral 
headbands were all over the 
Coachella scene, and it’s the per-
fect accessory for festival goers. 
Try adding faux flowers of your 
choice to a pair of sunglasses for 
an edgy yet feminine look.

A classic black and white 
dress, from H&M, with nude 
pumps will be perfect for a 
more professional setting, and 
adding on fun and vibrant jew-
elry is a great way to make your 
outfit a little more interesting. 
Seniors, this would be a flawless 
outfit for graduation. 

A metallic bikini from 
Victoria’s Secret is a perfect 
metallic. Pairing a radiant top 
with dark bottoms, or vice-
versa, will have you glistening 
under the sun. Don’t forget to 
add on the essential floppy hat 
to complete your beach look. 

Striped shorts, tops and 
dresses are a must-have. It’s 
an easy way to take a simple 
outfit, such as jeans and a 
tank, and make it a bit more 
exciting with a sheer striped 
top. Also, finding the perfect 
vertically striped dress will 
give you an elongated figure.

Women

Women

Women Women Women

Journal 
Dreams to 
Find New 
Meaning

th uy Pham ttp020@ucsd.edu

dream  in 
technicolor

ILLUSTRATIoN bY JeSSICA Chee/Guardian



8     T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  A&e

alcoholism and died in an alcohol-
related car crash. Charlie Parker, the 
legendary jazz saxophonist, battled 
with heroin addiction. As the docu-
mentary details, Basquiat admired 
both of these men and knew of their 
struggles with substance abuse.

Which leads to the question: If 
Basquiat had seen the obvious dangers 
of substance abuse, why would he use 
in the first place?

What I think I’m getting at is that 
part of what led Basquiat to his tragic 
demise, and the untimely deaths many 
other artists, may have been the aes-
thetic of the tortured artist.

There’s a sense in which really 
good artists — genius artists, gener-
ation-defining artists — are almost 
expected to have serious emotional 
trouble. The list of these tortured art-
ists spans centuries. Michelangelo, 
Van Gogh and Andy Warhol all fit the 
prototype. More recently, both Amy 
Winehouse and David Foster Wallace 
created masterworks of art while bat-
tling their respective selves.

The underlying assumption here, 
I believe, is that beautiful, profound, 
amazing art can only come from pro-
found suffering. And these artists, as 
generally emotionally troubled indi-
viduals, had deep pools of suffering to 
dip into for inspiration.

In the mind of an aspiring artist, 
the argument goes something like 
this: “Many artistic geniuses have 
emotional troubles. I want to be an 
artistic genius. I need to have emo-
tional troubles.”

This probably sounds awful. 
Frankly, it is. I don’t mean to belittle 
emotional troubles or to suggest they 
are self-created. Science has shown 
this to be just patently false. But I 
think it’s a line of reasoning that a 
young, impressionable artist could 
plausibly entertain. And, even in an 
entirely healthy individual, that can’t 
be healthy.

Is this why Jean-Michel Basquiat 
began shooting heroin and why he 
eventually overdosed? His story 
(like anyone’s life story, really) is 
far too complex to allow itself to be 
broken down into obvious causes 
and effects. But I do think his life 
provides an opportunity for dis-
cussing if, by exalting the tortured 
artist, perhaps our culture is creat-
ing more tortured individuals.

ALBum  revieWs

F rank Turner is the hardest working man in folk punk. Since entering the scene in 2007 
after Million Dead disbanded, “Tape 
Deck Heart” is Turner’s fifth release 
in seven years. As the title would 

imply, it’s his most personal record 
yet, dealing almost exclusively with 
heartbreak and regret. The scene is 
set with the opener, “Recovery,” an 
angry yet melancholic post-breakup 
cry of help to an old lover.

Paradoxically, while “Tape Deck 
Heart” is his most personally focused 
album, his tireless work ethic runs out 
of personal experience to write about. 
Perhaps this is a consequence of his 
newfound success on the U.K. concert 
scene. His attempts to convey heart-
break lack the first-hand inspiration 
that made his 2007 song “Long Live 
the Queen” so powerful.

For a musician like Turner who 
relies on plainly spoken wordplay, 
generalization does him little good 
and breaks the connection between 
artist and listener. For example, on 
“Plain Sailing Weather,” he sings 
“The problem with falling in love 
in late bars / Is that there’s always 
more nights / There’s always more 
bars,” an attempt to be universal 

that lacks subtlety.
 Still, the album does contain 

moments of sheer brilliance, show-
casing that there are new avenues 
Turner has yet to explore. “Four 
Simple Words” starts with a strange 
cabaret ballad, which explodes into 
a brazen punk anthem celebrating 
the power of music, destined to 
become a crowd pleaser. 

“Tape Deck Heart” never reaches 
the peaks of his earlier work, but it 
should please Frank Turner fans. It’s 
apparent though that if he wishes to 
remain relevant, Turner will have to 
expand his musical boundaries.

—   dieter  Joubert                                                
Staff Writer

P ossibly the most hyped electronic release of the year thus far, “Free the Universe” poses a mighty 
challenge to producer Thomas Pentz, 
otherwise known as Diplo, as his first 
effort (under the Jamaican dancehall 
pseudonym Major Lazer) without 
fellow producer Switch. However, 
don’t think for a second that this is 
reflected in the music; Major Lazer’s 
second offering easily outdoes his 
first, displaying both versatility and a 
stunningly original style that mixes a 
slew of reggae, Latin and dance genres 
with ease. 

The album begins with “You’re 
No Good,” whose initial lulling intro 
is split open by an abrupt shriek that 
drops into classic reggaeton jabber 
and yearning female vocals over the 
soft march of percussion. Potent 
melodic interplay abounds, and the 
track’s atmosphere lingers tangibly 
as it stutters to an end. With no time 
to spare, the album’s first dance tune 
“Jet Blue Jet” kicks the album into 
high gear, and the repeating vocal 
line lays down a syncopated rhythm 
under a staccato chromatic synth line. 
Foot tapping and head nodding, the 
listener slides easily into “Get Free,” 
which floats in lazily over a slow back-
beat and the perfectly suited voice of 
Amber Coffman, lead singer of the 

band Dirty Projectors.  
This brings us to the first thing the 

Major does so right on this record; he 
really utilizes each guest artist to the 
fullest. This exceptional ability can 
be seen in the soft ska he lays down 
for Vampire Weekend’s Ezra Koenig, 
or the appropriately “bubbly” hip 
hop beat of “Bubble Butt” that sways 
comfortably under Bruno Mars and 
Tyga’s measured (and occasionally 
bilingual) flow. The sheer variation in 
genre and soundscape found on this 
release is nothing short of incredible, 
and cuts like “Watch Out for This,” 
which incorporate snazzy horns and 
Latin samba, and “Sweat,” with bare 
thumping Afro-Cuban bassline, stand 
as a huge testament to this.  

The simple fact that this level of 
musicality and diversity can even 
be discussed in an electronic release 
says more about the unabashed 
ambition and innovation Major 
Lazer brings to this genre of music 
than careful dissection ever could. 
With “Free the Universe,” Major 
Lazer/Diplo has set a bold standard 
for the ingenuity that can be expect-
ed from modern techno music. 

—   jonah  yonker                                                
Staff Writer

L et’s be honest: No one can name any of the Eagle’s songs that were released after their 
hiatus. The same goes for Kiss, 
Stevie Wonder, The Who, Alice 
In Chains and (especially) Guns 
N’ Roses. Even Weezer came back 
from their break with the life and 
soul sucked out of their music. 
With few exceptions, bands return-
ing from hiatus tend to release 
albums that try to stick with what 
they know best and make inferior 
photocopies of previous work. That 
is precisely what Fall Out Boy has 
done with their latest album, “Save 
Rock and Roll.”

Though in the past Fall Out Boy 
has had a tendency to defy the for-
mulaic sound of other alternative 
rock bands, some tracks like “Alone 
Together,” “Miss Missing You” and 
ironically, “Save Rock and Roll” are 
lyrically cliche and overproduced, 
overusing electronic synth melo-
dies to the point that they resemble 
some of Maroon 5’s throwaway 
tracks. “Miss Missing You” spe-
cifically has lyrics so eye-rollingly 
generic that only a middle school 
girl would find them insightful: 
“Baby you were my picket fence/ I 
miss missing you, now and then.”

Somewhat encouraging is that 

Fall Out Boy can still do what they 
have always done best: write some 
wild, catchy songs. “The Phoenix” 
and “My Songs Know What You 
Did In The Dark (Light Em Up)” 
(the album’s two hits) are exciting, 
rebellious and could be first-rate 
fist pumpers at concerts. However, 
there is no real depth past this, and 
apart from providing teens with 
cookie-cutter angsty music, there 
isn’t any real meaning or purpose.

In the only real departure from 
their previous work, “Save Rock 
and Roll” features a diverse range 
of other artists. No need to get 
anyone’s hopes up though; they 
don’t add anything substantial to 
the music. Even Big Sean con-
tributes little to the already bland 
and repetitive “The Mighty Fall.” 
Courtney Love’s delivery could 
be called the best, adding a layer 
of driving intensity to the lyrics 
of “Rat a Tat.” Unfortunately, her 
“best” lasts for literally ten seconds. 
For an album titled “Save Rock and 
Roll,” one would expect more than 
a few mildly enjoyable hits with a 
lot of boring filler. 

—  kyle  somers
staff writer

Alt-rock group returns to rescue a genre, but instead 
just enables teenage angst.

"save  rock  and  roll"
by  fall  out  boy
release date April  16

4/10

Folk punk minstrel tries to stay true to himself, 
but aims too high for great results. 

"tape  deck  heart"
by  frank  turner
release date April  15

6/10

Diplo’s sophomore effort successfully blends electronic 
music with several other genres.

"free  universe"
by  major  lazer
release date April  16

9/10

“T rance” is director Danny Boyle’s (“Slumdog Millionaire”) latest film that 
urges viewers to question their under-
standing of the subconscious. In a 
movie that explores the human psyche 
a la Christopher Nolan’s “Inception,” 
Boyle takes us through a journey 
that is at once dreamy, confusing and 
adrenaline-rushed. 

Simon (James McAvoy, “Wanted”) 
is an art security amnesiac kidnapped 
by a temperamental art thief and his 
crew after a botched attempt to steal a 
rare painting. Vincent Cassel (“Ocean’s 
Twelve”) fills an emotive and, at times, 
humorous role as the leader of the art 
thieves, frustrated with Simon’s lack 
of memory and the fact that he has 
hidden the painting from the rob-
bers. After days of torturing him, the 

crooks decide, in a last-ditch effort 
to stir Simon’s memory of where he 
hid the painting, to take him to a 
hypnotherapist, played by a wonder-
fully restrained Rosario Dawson (“Sin 
City”). What follows in these sessions 
is a rabbit hole that leads to more 
questions and more confusion.

Some of these questions are never 
answered, and that’s the point — we 
can never fully understand the entire 
empirical truth from the perspec-
tive of our own reality. Memories 
are a starting point for fact checking, 
but they are muddled in subjective 
interpretation and in this case are 
more duplicitous than the art robbers 
themselves. Boyle skates this fine line 
between the lucid and the ethereal 
through hyper-stylistic shots and 
superbly written dialogue. Alternate 

angles, saturated hues and constantly 
shifting character development all 
communicate a kind of flux in sanity. 
It’s a perfect excuse for Boyle to have 
some continuity errors, of which 
there are a healthy amount; for 
instance, it is suggested that Simon 
knew the art thief before the heist 
took place, although this is never 
expanded. However, these slips in 
logic fit in with the disjointed motif 
that consumes the movie. Whether 
it’s questioning the true inten-
tions of Dawson’s hypnotherapist 
or wondering who the protagonist 
really is, Boyle makes sure the viewer 

struggles to piece it all together in a 
vivid way.

“Trance” is as compelling a char-
acter study as any movie this year. 
McAvoy’s Simon is an eerily off-kilter 
subject under immense pressure with 
a smile that doesn’t seem entirely 
sane. Cassel’s art thief is a refreshing 
take on the modern antagonist; he is 
brutal, remorseless, and angry, but 
just as confused and enthralled as the 
audience is throughout. This leads 
to some pretty interesting scenes in 
which Cassel’s befuddlement become 
apparent through dumbfounded looks 
that provide comic relief. We see the 

film through his eyes, and we identify 
more with him more than anyone else.

“Trance” lives up to its title; it’s 
a film that pulls you in softly under 
false pretenses and then manipulates 
you until fact and fiction are blurred 
together in an orange haze. Boyle 
makes a stark point of throwing logic 
and caution to the wind throughout 
the entire film. Don’t try to reason 
with the logistics here. Just strap in 
and enjoy the ride.

—  brian  iniguez
Staff Writer

Directed by Danny Boyle
Starring James McAvoy, Rosario Dawson
rated R
release Date April 5

trance
James McAvoy goes on a magical mystery ride in 
Danny Boyle’s hypnotic Odyssey. 

FiLm   revieW

A-

The Dangerous 
Territory Between 
Artist and Addict Is 
Fueled by Media
▶ Frames, from page 6



Tucked away between the 
roundabouts of La Jolla Boulevard, 
Bird Rock Coffee Roasters has 
firmly planted its roots with a solid 
customer base in La Jolla. This 
small coffeehouse is unnoticeable 
from the outside, but a true caf-
feine fiend would not turn away 
this hidden treasure. Bird Rock was 
awarded the 2012 Micro Roaster 
of the Year by Roast Magazine and 
humbly boasts its title throughout 
the coffee shop in both its awards 
along the walls and more impor-
tantly, its coffee.

Walking into this shop, you can 
tell they take their 
coffee seriously. With 
a coffee roaster in 
the back of the store 
and a group of well-
versed baristas, this 
is the spot for coffee 
snobs and food lovers 
alike. Just talk to any 
of the baristas; they 
would be more than 
happy to talk about 
the whole roasting 
process, down to the 
very strand of coffee beans they 
use. And if you’re dying to know 
how to make them at home, the 
shop provides classes on how to 
brew and make your own espresso 
drinks starting at $55 per session.

The coffee shop posts a short list 
of espresso drinks up on the wall 
above the espresso bar as well as a 
separate bar for drip coffee. The list 
of espresso drinks are not nearly 
as extensive as other coffee shops, 
but it still provides the regular 
espresso shots and lattes along with 
some of their own creations. These 
include the Trophy Wife (maca-

damia nut latte) and Sugar Daddy 
(Mexican mocha) starting at $3.95 
for a 12-ounce cup. Both are great 
drinks, hitting all the right notes, 
but are not as sweet as one would 
expect. Bird Rock’s most popular 
drink is the good and faithful cap-
puccino — foamy and brewed to 
perfection with a leaf design on 
the foam. Decently priced at $2.95 
for 8 ounces and up to $4.45 for 20 
ounces, the cappuccino is worth 
the wait. However, if you are look-
ing for a caffeine kick, you will 
be greatly disappointed — all of 
the espresso drinks have the same 
amount of caffeine despite the size.

The real star of this establish-
ment is its drip coffee. 
In addition to a natural 
decaf roast, it provides 
both a light roast and a 
dark roast in a separate 
area for their drip cof-
fee. Starting at a mere 
$1.40 for 8 ounces and 
comparable $2.35 for 
20 ounces, this coffee is 
a great deal. Due to its 
special roasting prac-
tices, the coffee possess 
the artisan flair, such as 

a hint of orange or dark chocolate 
as endnotes, that most coffee shops 
don’t possess. If that doesn’t make 
you want to run over to placate 
your caffeine fix, the $1 refills will.

The coffee at this shop is as 
diverse as its community — from 
indie rocking hipsters to yuppies 
stealing the neighborhood Internet 
and everything in between. So if 
you’re a highbrow coffee expert, 
this hidden gem is sure to serve 
only the finest. 

lifestyle T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  9

hAvE A drink on us

FASHIONABLY LATE

The Guardian asked 
Brian Lee, manager Noble 
Experiment located near 
the Gaslamp Quarter in 

Downtown, to recommend 
a seasonal cocktail. This 

was his choice.

INGrEDIENTS

2 ounces Bourbon
0.5 ounces of Liquor 43

Dash of Angostura Bitters 
Orange Twist 

Based on the traditional 
Old Fashioned Cocktail, 
this unique drink adds a 
modern twist. After the 

sweetness of the vanilla-
flavored Liquor 43, the 

Angostura creates a pleas-
ing contrast. We may not 
know who ryan Walsh is 

or why the drink is named 
Fashionably Late, but what 
we will remember are the 
fun nights this drink can 

begin.

— Katherine Shi
Staff Wrtier

site  seen

cAFFeine  Fiend

The Good Life Festival

Bird Rock Coffee Roasters

Hamster balls and pillow fighting with Jersey Mike’s and Calbi — the one-time event becomes a UCSD tradition to promote a healthy lifestyle.

Tucked away in La Jolla, the self-roasting coffee shop proves itself worthy to a college-oriented town.

You’ve seen them — the hordes 
of runners, bikers and surfers that 
have given San Diego its reputation 
as one of the most health-conscious 
counties in America. There’s no 
doubt that the active San Diego 
lifestyle promotes healthy living. 
This year’s second annual Good 
Life Festival put on by The Zone’s 
Health, Recreation and Well-being 
Program shows that UCSD has all 
of the resources available on cam-
pus for students to make their col-
lege years healthy. 

As the last set of this year’s mid-
terms begin to creep up — getting 
out of Geisel becomes imperative 
for one’s mental and physical state. 
The Good Life Festival is a way to 
get out on Thursday, May 2 from 5 
p.m. to 9 p.m. for some good, clean 
on-campus fun. The festival was 
intended to be a one-time event, 
but due to outstanding attendance 
last year, the festival is back in 
hopes of making it an annual event. 
The Zone’s Program Coordinator, 
Iris Crowe-Lerma worked this year 
to get participation from outside 
food vendors. 

“We learned to plan for more 
attendees than we expect! Last year, 
we planned for 1,000 attendees 
and were pleasantly surprised to 
see more than 1,600 attend, which 
made for long lines and short sup-
ply of food. This year we will have 
twice as much food, more activities 
and will be redesigning the layout 
to accommodate even more attend-
ees,” Crowe-Lerma said.

Some of the activities at the 
event to look forward to include 
live Zumba, a climbing wall, inflat-
able pillow fighting and jousting, 
chair massages and human hamster 
balls in a pool. 

“We tried to incorporate dif-
ferent activities hoping that this 
festival will encourage students to 

engage in healthy practices and 
take advantage of on-campus well-
ness resources,” Crowe-Lerma said.

If you would rather relax and 
not partake in physical activities, 
hang out and listen to music from 
DJ Harry Bui. Take a walk around 
the booths, and pick up some free 
samples, check out the arts and 

crafts booth to get a free henna tat-
too. There will also be food tickets 
available for $1, which buys you a 
Jersey Mike’s sub sandwich and a 
Calbi’s taco. 

The event takes place at Town 
Square near Price Center and 
Matthews Quad, right off Library 
Walk. Wristbands for the event will 

be available at noon on the day of 
the event at the entrance of Town 
Square. All of the event activities 
are free with a wristband. Expect a 
big and vibrant crowd, loud music 
and lots of giveaways.

readers can contact
shelby  newallis     SNewallis@ucsd.edu 

BY  ti ffany  ch i n  STaff Writer

hours: 
Mon. - Fri. 6 am to 
6 pm,
Sat. - Sun. 6:30 am 
to 6 pm

Location:
5627 La Jolla Blvd, 
San Diego, CA 
92037

readers can contact
tiffany  chin     TMChin@ucsd.edu 

BY  sh elby  n ewallis  
editorial assistant

CoURTeSY of The zoNe



o P i N i o N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  5

Contact Dr. Broide, Department of Medicine,

858.534.2033

Subjects aged 18-65 with current sinus 
allergy symptoms to grass pollen needed for 
study requiring donation of blood, allergy skin 

testing, pulmonary function testing, and 
completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $450 for completion of 4 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

UCSD SINUS ALLERGY 
BLOOD DONOR STUDY:

Contact Brianna Palumbo
UCSD Airway Research Center

619-471-0822

Subjects aged 18-65 with current asthma 
symptoms to grass pollen needed for study 

requiring donation of blood, allergy skin 
testing, pulmonary function testing, and 

completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $575 for completion of 5 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

UCSD ASTHMA BLOOD 
DONOR STUDY:

Halycon Days By Christie Yi lEttEr  to  thE  Editor

Dear Editor,
Last year, UC Berkeley distrib-

uted approximately $40 million in 
Pell Grants and $72 million in state-
funded Cal Grants to undergraduate 
college students. 

But while federal Pell Grants 
and state Cal Grants are important 
sources of financial assistance, they 
are not the largest. The university 
student aid program, funded by 
tuition and fees, provided $85 mil-
lion to make UC Berkeley accessible 
for the neediest students. 

This means that the lowest-
income students pay less to attend 
in 2013 than they would have in 
1992 (when fewer Cal students 
qualified for Pell Grants and when 
the USAP was much smaller). 
Tuition and fees also support UC 
Berkeley’s Middle Class Access 
Plan, which caps parental contribu-
tions for a Berkeley education at 
15 percent of annual income in the 
$80,000 to $140,000 range. Eligible 
students will cap the contribution 
your parents make toward your 
annual cost of attendance at UC 
Berkeley at 15 percent of their total 
income. The minimum MCAP 
award for 2013–2014 is $1,000.

UCLA established the 
Chancellor’s Blue and Gold 
Scholarship Program in 1998 to 
recognize high-achieving Los 
Angeles County high schools, 
which have traditionally sent few 
students to UCLA. Each scholar 
receives an annual award rang-
ing up to $5,000. Beginning with 
the Fall Quarter 2000, the UCLA 
Chancellor’s Blue and Gold 
Scholarship Program was expanded 
to include transfer students attend-
ing community colleges in the 
greater Los Angeles area. The pro-

gram now supports approximately 
350 students, and expenditures 
exceed $1 million.

At UC Davis, community ser-
vice continues to be an integral part 
of the Chancellor’s Blue and Gold 
Program. Each scholar is asked 
to complete 20 hours of service 
each year. To help middle-class 
California students and families 
cover costs, UC Davis announced 
a new financial aid program. The 
Aggie Grant Plan will award about 
$3,000 annually to eligible students 
whose annual family incomes are 
between $80,000 and $120,000. 

“This new program reflects our 
commitment to sustaining access 
to a UC Davis education for stu-
dents across the socioeconomic 
spectrum,” said Adela de la Torre, 
interim vice chancellor for student 
affairs. The AGP builds on the 
University of California’s Blue and 
Gold Opportunity Plan, which 
expands access for lower-income 
students. The Blue and Gold plan 
covers base tuition and fees for stu-
dents with annual family incomes 
of up to $80,000. 

The AGP will be funded 
through federal, state and univer-
sity funds, as well as private grants 
and scholarships. In 2011–2012, 
53 percent of students received 
enough financial aid to fully cover 
their base tuition and fees, and 44 
percent of those who earned bach-
elor’s degrees did so without taking 
out loans. Collectively, UC Davis 
students received more than $250 
million in scholarships and grants 
during the last academic year. 

I always lie to high school stu-
dents when I help them with col-
lege admissions; that is … I always 
tell them to lie to “my first-choice 
college(s).”

— Richard Thompson
Alumnus ’83

Middle-Income Students 
Need Financial Aid

work to secure funding to imple-
ment these plans so that UCSD 
will be a more sustainable, safe and 
active campus. 

The second committee I plan on 
initiating on day one will look at 
expanding academic opportunities 
pertaining to retention and student 
empowerment. Personally, I have 
garnered so much insight with the 
critical lens I’ve gained from our 
ethnic studies department. There 
have been efforts for many years 
to establish more programs that 
explore identity, community and 
culture. Currently, a number of 
students are interested in establish-
ing minors in areas such as Asian 

American studies and Islamic stud-
ies. I intend on having this commit-
tee’s membership include both A.S. 
Council members as well as repre-
sentatives from the student orga-
nizations with vested interests in 
creating these programs so that we 
can build upon all the work that has 
already been done and partner with 
the Academic Senate to make these 
potential opportunities a reality.

I’m confident that the incom-
ing council will be remembered for 
being productive, respectful and 
engaging. The 2013–2014 council’s 
potential lies in the fact that its 
members will each bring unique 
perspectives, experiences and iden-
tities to the fourth floor, but its suc-
cesses will not be confined there. 

I hope to lead and foster a council 
whose members will draw from 
the communities they are rooted in 
to produce collaborative projects 
that build upon what we already 
love about our campus, while 
engaging with the student body to 
address the challenges we will face 
with a grassroots and democratic 
approach on a campus, local, state-
wide and national level. 

Thank you for allowing me the 
privilege of serving as your Student 
Body President for the upcoming 
academic year. I look forward to see-
ing what we can accomplish together.

Humbly Yours,
Andy Buselt

A.S. President-elect

Buselt Plans to Expand Academic Opportunities on Campus
▶ Buselt, from page 4



10 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Housing
ROOM FOR RENT IN LA JOLLA HOME - $950 - 
ROOM FOR RENT- $950.00 - LARGE FURNISHED 
ROOM WITH BATH, AND SEPARATE ENTRANCE, IN 
LA JOLLA HOME WITH A VIEW. WALK TO SHORES 
BEACH. KITCHEN USE. ON BUS ROUTE. UTILITIES 
INCLUDED. PARKING ON DRIVEWAY. CALL JANET AT 
858-456-0865. EMAIL JANHEY6@AOL.COM Listing 
ID:  54006054 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

3-4 Student Housing - Available September - 3 bed-
rooms 1.5 bath condo off Eastgate Mall Road, per-
fect for 3-4 students.  Washer/dryer, pool/spa.  Near 
bus line. Contact ninaho24@hotmail.com.

3 bdrm - $2450/month - Available July or September 
- $2450/month - spacious 3 bedrooms 2.5 bath 
condo with attached 2-car garage near UCSD, 
Trader Joe’s and Gilman Drive. Washer/dryer, pool/
spa.  Email ninaho24@hotmail.com for more info.

Pets
8 Week Old – MaltiPoo - $220 - Maltipoo, First shot, 
and deworming. Creamy-peach coat and super 
adorable. Hypoallergenic Maltese Poodle hybrid, 
She’s healthy and happy, 8 weeks and Ready for 
a new loving family.  For more information; CALL 
619.269.6731 - NO TEXTING. Listing ID: 53820121 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more information

Rare Exotic Savannah - $1000 - Savannah, Jamilla 
is available for a new home! She has been vac-
cinated, chipped and spayed. Jamilla comes with 
a health guarantee and is TICA registered. She is 
sweet, affectionate, and loves our little dog. Listing 
ID:  54029598 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Male Platinum Retic - $250 - 3 year old Male 
Platinum very nice looking snake can be Handle 
also will trade for a CB Male baby Green Anaconda 
Platinum male taking large rats.eating with no 
problems.Very healty snake. Listing ID: 54029501 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more information

Music services 
“Sound Gallery” Award-Winning DJ Service. 
Creative, experienced, professional DJ, and a music 
collection second-to-none.   Playing “Free Style” all 
genres and eras! - All the way back to the invention 
of stereo sound (late 50’s)   Indoor/outdoor events 
and clubs - Playing top 40 Old School - New School 
- Latin - Jazz - Zydeco Country - Slow Dancing - Pole 
Dancing - Flamenco Waltzes - Tangos - Easy listen-
ing - Etc.   Call DJ O. Sergio at 858.405.8210. The 
Sound Gallery a service of “Bird Rock Computer 
Pros.” 5560 La Jolla, Blvd. Ste. J - La Jolla, CA 92037

GOOD DRIVERS
NEEDED

Aide wanted by disabled 
professional woman. 

$17/hr

Part time personal 
assistant to work with 

semi-retired businessman.

Student Organizations

When: Saturday, April 27 2013 (10am-2pm)
 Where: Rosa Parks Field, 4380 Landis Street, 

San Diego, 92105)

Get the perfect part-time job. Earn
$12.85/hour. Work on campus. Flexible

hours. Paid training. Hiring now for
summer training. UCSD students only.
Details at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

Weekdays 6am-noon, Sun 7am-3pm. Must 
own car.  1+year commitment. No home care 

experience needed  (will train); Computer skills 
required. Female preferred. Email resume, 
references and preferred phone number to 

Jen92103@yahoo.com

Must be Highly Organized multitasker, detailed 
and focused.  Housekeeping, Office work, eBay 

sales.  Near Campus. $8-$10/hr
EMAIL: acaplan@san.rr.com

UCSD AMSA in collaboration with UCSD MEMO 
and San Diego Disability Center is hosting our 

4th annual health fair: Family Fun Day and 
Health Fair in City Heights! There will be fun 

and activities for all ages. Best of all,
this fair is FREE for all to attend! So save the 

date! This is not an event to miss!

AWARD-WINNING DJ SERVICE

A Service of Bird Rock Computer Pros.

Ph 858-405-8210
mainserge@hotmai l .com

SOUND  GA L L E RY

DJ O. Sergio

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

Turn Your ACTIONS
into Words

Advertise your event, your product!
Advertise yourself with



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

UCSD Freshman Clayton 
Yamaguchi finished third in a field 
of 23 participants at the California 
Collegiate Athletics Association 
conference tournament at the 
Hunter Ranch Golf Course in Paso 
Robles, Calif., April 22 and April 23.

“Clayton’s solo third-place finish 
was a fantastic achievement, and we 
are all very proud of him,” UCSD 
head coach Mike Wydra said to the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “He 
made 18 birdies during the tourna-
ment, second only to the 19 made by 
the eventual winner.”

Overall, the Tritons placed fifth 
out of eight teams, with an overall 
score of 874 (+10) after three rounds 
of play. Cal State Monterey Bay fin-
ished first with a score of 845 (-19), 
to break the former course record by 
one stroke. The Otters finished nine 
strokes in front of Cal State Stanislaus 
(-10) and 15 strokes in front of third-
place Sonoma State.

“We’re not satisfied,” Yamaguchi 
said. “We know we can beat a couple 
of the teams we lost to. It’s kind of hard, 
but we’re gonna use that as motiva-
tion.”

Sophomore Jay Lim — who fin-
ished with a 211 last season on the 
same course at the CCAAs —carded a 
221 (+5) to tie for 18th overall. Junior 
Lewis Simon also ended with a score 
of 221. 

The only Triton not to finish in 
the top 20 was freshman Daniel Yang, 

who ended in 29th place with a 228. 
When asked about his teammates’ 

performances, Yamaguchi said that 
both Simon and Lim are far better 
than what their scores reflected.

“They’re much better than that,” 
Yamaguchi said. “But I mean, it’s 
kind of a tough place, and you have 
to be on your game, and they’ll be 
back and ready for regionals.”

CSU Monterey Bay’s Brandon 
Hortt was the tournament’s top finish-
er — the fifth straight Otter to win the 
conference title — ending with a score 
of 204 (-12). Second place finisher, Cal 
State Stanislaus’ Tyler Baker, ended at 
209 (-7).

After their fifth-place finish, the 
Tritons have dropped to eighth place 
in the West Regional rankings, in 
front of Cal State East Bay and Dixie 
State University. It is yet to be seen 
if the Tritons will remain in the top 
10 to qualify for the NCAA Division 
II West/Central Regional, held May 
6 to May 8 at The Home Course in 
DuPont, Wash. The selection will be 
announced later in the week.

“We’re all really excited; it’s 
always a great experience to play at 
the NCAA level, like in regionals,” 
Yamaguchi said. “We all learned 
something at conference, and 
are going to work on it and try 
and improve and play well as a 
team. If we can all play well as a 
team, I think we will do very well.” 
 

Preparing
for success and 
the CPA exam.
Pepperdine’s Master of Science in Accounting (MSA) 

is an intensive program that prepares you for a career 

in public accounting, industry, government, and the 

nonprofi t sector. The 30-unit curriculum can be completed 

in as few as nine months and is designed for those who 

seek the academic preparation and credits required for 

CPA licensure in California and most other states.

bschool.pepperdine.edu                

The Master of Science in Accounting

Tritons Split with First Ranked Chico
baSeball men'S gOlf

Men’s Golf  Places Fifth at 
CCAA, Yamaguchi Third
The Tritons finish fifth at the CCAA Championships, 
await the release of NCAA West Regional Bracket.

readers can contact
RaCH el U Da  RU Da@ucsd.edu 

bY  RaCH el U Da SPORTS EDITOR

UCSD split a four-game series with 
the No. 4 nationally ranked Chico State 
Wildcats this past weekend. 

With the split, UCSD is now 22–20 
overall on the season, occupying 
the sixth spot in the CCAA confer-
ence standings in a tie with Cal State 
Dominguez Hills. With a 16–16 con-
ference record, it is unlikely that the 
Tritons will qualify for the four-team 
CCAA tournament, but with fourth-
ranked Sonoma State (19–13) just 
three games ahead, the door has not 
yet been shut on a postseason appear-
ance.

UCSD continues its regular season 
with a critical matchup against confer-
ence foes Cal State San Bernardino 
this upcoming weekend. The last two 
home games of the season will be 
played this Thursday and Friday, April 
25 and 26. UCSD concludes the series 
with a doubleheader Saturday, April 27 
on the road at San Bernardino.  

Game 1: Friday, April 19  
UCSD 7, Chico State 5

The Tritons had to battle, but they 
came away with a victory in the open-
ing game of the series. Each team 
traded four-run innings, but it was the 
Tritons who came out on top.

With each team’s respective ace 
on the mound, runs were hard to 
come by. Each pitcher struggled in the 
early innings, however, with Triton 
ace senior Ryan Goodbrand allowing 
four runs in the second and Wildcat 
pitcher Nick Baker giving up four runs 
in the next inning. Each pitcher settled 
down, and after the third inning, runs 
were much more difficult to come by. 
Goodbrand gave up just one more run 
in the game, finishing with 7.2 innings 
pitched and eight strikeouts in a solid 
performance.

The Tritons jumped ahead in the 

first, capitalizing off a double by 
senior centerfielder Danny Susdorf 
and a passed ball from the pitcher to 
take the early lead. Susdorf finished 
2-for-4 in the game with two runs 
scored and a walk.

The Tritons gave up the lead in 
the bottom of the second when two 
singles and a walk loaded the bases. 
Goodbrand was able to strike out one 
and induce a groundout from another 
to surrender just one run before short-
stop Cody Slader homered to drive in 
three runs batted in. 

UCSD wouldn’t stay down for long 
though, as they bounced back to score 
four of their own in the top of the third 
to put UCSD back in the driver’s seat. 

UCSD added two more runs off a 
sacrifice fly by third baseman Garrett 
Tuck in the sixth and a homerun by 
junior Scott Liske in the eighth to 
solidify the victory. Liske finished 
2-for-3 with two runs scored and the 
home run in the winning effort. 

Game 2: Saturday, April 20 
UCSD 6, Chico State 7

UCSD pushed three runs across 
in the opening inning, getting off to a 
hot start in each of the first two games. 
Susdorf once again got the Tritons 
started with a hit and a pair of throw-
ing errors by Chico State, allowing 
UCSD to score two and add another 
on a sacrifice fly by designated hitter 
junior Nick La Face. 

In the second inning, Susdorf drove 
in a run on a single to center field. 
UCSD added a run in the fifth off a 
triple by sophomore catcher Brett Levy 
and an RBI groundout by junior sec-
ond-baseman Spencer Frazier. UCSD 
added another in the following sixth 
inning when junior Justin Rahn scored 
on a throwing error by the Chico State 
shortstop.

Despite giving up four unearned 
runs to the Tritons, Chico State found 

their way around to earn the win.
Game 3: Saturday, April 20 

UCSD 3, Chico State 1
UCSD freshman pitcher Troy Cruz 

fared well for the Tritons, going five 
innings and only surrendering one 
earned run while allowing four hits. 
Cruz set the pace for the Tritons, who 
struck first in the second inning when 
Rahn doubled to lead off the inning, 
and Liske singled to drive him in. Rahn 
finished the game 2-for-3 from the 
designated hitter spot. 

The Tritons added two more 
insurance runs in the sixth when 
Susdorf scored on a throwing error 
by Wildcat pitcher Mike Botelho 
and senior first-baseman Richard 
Seigel doubled to bring home junior 
Garrett Tuck. The two runs were 
enough to secure the victory and 
take the series lead 2–1. 

Game 4: Sunday, April 21 
UCSD 1, Chico State 3

Both pitchers threw the ball well for 
their respective clubs in the last game 
of the series. UCSD starter sophomore 
Dan Kolodin went seven innings, 
striking out five and giving up only 
three hits. His only blemish came early 
in the game when Chico State took two 
runs in the first.

A pair of singles got Chico State 
on the board, and behind pitcher 
Kagen Hopkins, they never looked 
back. Hopkins went seven innings 
and didn’t allow a single run, while 
giving up four hits and striking out 
three. The Wildcats added a third 
run in the eighth inning on a double 
by pinch hitter Jon Peters.

UCSD attempted a comeback in 
the ninth, scoring once, but the 
Tritons were unable to add more 
runs, splitting the series 2-2.

bY  maTT Sm ITH  EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

readers can contact
matt sm ith     M7SMITH@ucsd.edu 



SPORTS contact the editorRaCHel  UDasports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  A P R I L  2 5 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

WaTeR  POlO

First to the Fight
Tritons enter WWPA tournament with the first 
seed, Lizotte named WWPA Player of the Year.

bY  RaCHel UDa  SPORTS EDITOR   photos  by  nolan thomas
After going 7–0 in the Western Water Polo Association, the No. 

13-ranked UCSD women’s water polo team will go into the confer-
ence tournament with the No. 1 seed. 

The Tritons (22–13 overall) finish in front of reigning champion 
second-seed Loyola Marymount University (18–12 overall, 6–1 in 
the WWPA). The third seed goes to Cal State East Bay (16–15 
overall, 2–5 in the WWPA), and Santa Clara University 
takes the fourth seed. All eight teams will take part in 
the tournament, hosted at the Sullivan Aquatic Center 
in Santa Clara, Calif. 

The Tritons hosted their last home game of the 
season, taking down Cal State San Bernardino 15–4. 
Freshman Julia Kirkland and sophomore Rachel Brooks 
both slated hat tricks against the Coyotes.

UCSD finished its regular season on the road last 
Saturday, April 20 against No. 8 San Diego State in the 
12th Annual Harper Cup, named after UCSD men’s 
water polo head coach Denny Harper. The Tritons 
fell 6–4 to the Division-I Aztecs. Despite the loss, the 
Tritons seem to have garnered some momentum com-
ing into the tournament.

“It’s part of the reason we schedule [the Harper Cup] 
this late in the season, so that both teams can get one last 
tune-up against each other as we go into our conference 
tournament,” UCSD head coach Brad Kreutzkamp said 
to the UCSD Athletics Department. “If we can play like 

this in our conference tournament, then I think we’ll be looking 
really good.”

UCSD junior Sarah Lizotte — fourth in the league in goals (78), 
third in assists (52) and ninth in the league in steals (45) — was 
named the WWPA Player of the Year, April 20. 

Joining Lizotte on the All-WWPA First Team were junior center 
Melissa Bartow and freshman goalkeeper Courtney 
Miller. Freshman Alexis Wieseler earned Honorable 
Mention All-Conference distinction as well as All-
WWPA Freshman Team honors.

“It’s a tremendous honor, and I’m really grateful, and 
I could not have done it without my team,” Lizotte said. 
“It’s hard when not everyone can get recognized, and I 
feel like this was really in recognition of the team and all 
that we’ve accomplished so far this year.”

No. 1 UCSD will face No. 8 Cal State San Bernardino 
this Friday, April 26 at 9:30 a.m. in the opening game of 
the tournament. 

If the Tritons take the first round match, UCSD will 
play against the winner between No. 4 Colorado State 
and No. 5 Sonoma State the following day. The champi-
onship game will be played Sunday, April 28 at 2 p.m.

“I definitely have high expectations for the team,” 
Lizotte said. “Either way, whoever we end up matching 
up against down the road, we need to come out ready 
to play and get to nationals.”

wwpa  standings

team

uc san diego 22 13 0.629 7-0 7-0 4-4 1-2 17-7

santa clara 14 16 0.467 5-2 5-2 8-5 2-3 4-8

lmu 18 12 0.600 6-1 6-1 8-3 1-5 9-4

sonoma state 12 18 0.400 3-4 3-4 5-1 3-4 4-13

colorado state 8 19 0.296 3-4 3-4 0-0 2-6 6-13

cs east bay 16 15 0.516 2-5 2-5 4-2 3-4 8-9

cs monterey bay 10 21 0.323 2-5 2-5 4-5 2-5 4-11

cs san bernardino 6 26 0.188 0-6 0-6 3-5 0-8 3-12

w vs. t-20pct. awayl homevs. wwpa neutral

readers can contact
RaCH el U Da   RU Da@ucsd.edu 

Junior utlity sarah lizotte 
was named the wwpa 

player of the year. lizotte 
has 78 goals, 52 assists 

and 45 steals this season.


	042513News
	042513OPINION
	042513WEEKEND
	042513OPINION
	042513_Classifieds_PG10
	042513SPORTS

