
BE  THE  FAVORITE  CHILD SOFTBALL  AT  LARGELET'S  GET  CHARGED
DON'T FORGET MOTHER'S DAY UCSD  EARNS  NCAA  AT-LARGE  BID INVEST  IN  SAN  DIEGO  FOOTBALL
LIFESTYLE , Page   6 SPORTS,  Page  12OPINION,  Page   4

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 52 THURSDAY, MAY 9, 2013 www.UcSDgUARDIAn.ORg

UC Hospital Workers Vote to Strike
UC  SYSTEM

COUNCIL IS IN SESSION
The 2013-2014 A.S. Council held its first official council meeting on Wednesday, May 8. Previous speaker John Weng was elected to his position of  Council Speaker once again, and council 

passed its first resolution, regarding recent acts of  racism, before beginning their annual training retreat. 

Thousands of unionwide workers represented by the AFSCME 3299 are expected 
to participate in the strike taking place across all five UC medical centers. 

Patient care workers at University of California hospitals have voted to strike following a unionwide vote that showed 97-per-cent support from workers represented by the American 
Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees Local 3299.

The union represents more than 13,000 workers statewide, includ-
ing 2,200 patient care workers in the UCSD Health System who argue 
that a meager average pension of $19,000 before healthcare deductions 
is unlivable.

The strike is the outcome of nearly 10 months of negotiations 
between the union and University of California hospitals over the 
workers’ contracts. AFSCME previously asked for a cap on executives’ 
pensions, while UC representatives offered a 3.5-percent wage increase 
over the next four years. Both proposals were ultimately turned down 
by the other side.

Representatives from the UCSD Health System did not immediately 
return a phone call from the Guardian, but University of California Vice 
President of Systemwide Human Resources Dwaine Duckett previously 
released a statement condemning the strike as a tactic to divert attention 
from the health system’s attempt at pension reform.

“By encouraging a possible strike among our patient care employees, 
AFSCME is attempting to use patient care as a tool in contract nego-
tiations and potentially endangering public health, which is completely 
inappropriate,” Duckett said. “Patients are not bargaining chips.”

AFSCME communications director Todd Stenhouse fired back that 
the UC executives who have raised their salaries by $100 million since 
2009 are guilty of prioritizing their own wallets over patient safety.

“The idea that a small group of executives who have diverted mil-
lions of dollars of taxpayer money to their already overstuffed pockets 
would make the claim that we’re sacrificing patient care does not even 
begin to pass the smell test,” Stenhouse said.

AFSCME previously held a strike in 2008 in a similar dispute over 
low wages and high premiums for healthcare. At the time of the strike, 
95 percent of union workers qualified for public assistance, according 
to AFSCME President Katherine Lybarger.

Lybarger stated that the goals of the upcoming strike include secur-
ing a decent wage for employees and easing UC hospitals’ reliance on 
less experienced, less expensive temporary workers.

“What we’re looking for is basic fairness,” she said. “Ultimately, we 
want to ensure the best care for our patients, and the way to do that is 
by hiring experienced, career workers.”

Lybarger stated that a patient protection task force will take care of 
patients’ emergency needs during the strike.

Stenhouse and Lybarger also asserted that it was now the responsi-
bility of the health system to prevent the strike by being reasonable in 
meeting the union’s demands. 

AFSCME has announced that it will give a 10-day notice before 
the strike begins at all five of the UC medical centers. Lybarger and 
Stenhouse expect thousands of workers at the picket lines, based on an 
enormous voter turnout last week.

State Plans 
to Reduce 
Prison 
Population

CALIFORNIA

The governor’s proposal 
will reduce prison 
population by 7,000 and 
boost health spending. 

Gov. Jerry Brown defended 
California’s plan to address a court-
ordered mandate to reduce California’s 
prison population this week, even 
though it leaves the state thousands of 
prisoners over the legal limit.

The 46-page plan, released last 
Thursday, says the state will reduce 
its prison population by 7,000 inmates 
and boost spending on prisoner health 
care by more than $1 billion.

Brown contends the extra health 
care addresses the court’s concern that 
prisoner health has been compromised 
to unconstitutional levels of quality 
due to overcrowding.

“It is important to explain the tre-
mendous efforts and investments the 

Statewide 
Bill Targets 
Renters
Deposits

CALIFORNIA

The state Senate Judiciary 
approved the bill to 
reform unfair security 
deposit practices Tuesday. 

Members of Tenants Together — a 
statewide organization involved with 
renter rights — participated in a “Day 
of Action” on Tuesday, May 7 in sup-
port of a statewide bill to reform tenant 
security deposit practices.

As a campus with a large percent-
age of student commuters and rent-
ers, UCSD Campus Services is pro-
viding information regarding security 
deposits and withholdings, warning 
students of being treated unfairly when 
managing landlord-mandated secu-
rity deposits. Student Legal Services 
released an email last week reminding 
students who intend to live off campus 
to inform themselves about security 
deposits and the possibility of losing 
thousands of dollars in security depos-

See PRISONS, page 3

See dePOSItS, page 3

BY  AN DREW  DOO LITTLE  STAFF WRITER

TRIP TO THE JUNKYARD DERBY
The Junkyard Derby competition took place on Peterson Hill Monday after participants had 24 hours to build a bicycle made from impounded vehicles and 

donated parts. Winners for “Best in Show” included John Condello, Lynne Swerhone, John Cuellar and Phillip Poonka.

BY  ALEKSANDRA  KONSTANTINOVIC  ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR  

readers can contact
ALEKSAN DRA  KONSTANTI NOVIC     ALKONSTA@ucsd.edu 

pHOTO bY VIVIAn xIn /Guardian

BY  M EKALA  N EELAKANTAN  
NEWS EDITOR

pHOTO bY TAYLOR SAnDERSOn /Guardian



2 T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  N E W S

Fleeting thoughts By Irene Chiang

Quite Frankly By Lior Schenk

Engineers at UCSD have discov-
ered new information that deter-
mines how a seahorse’s robust and 
lightweight tail provides the animals 
with the ability to bend, twist, grasp 
and hold objects. 

The discovery allows engineers 
to better understand the unique 
object-grabbing ability of a sea-
horse’s tail and use it in various 
medical or military applications, 
such as flexible robotics and light-
weight armor. 

It was first published earlier this 
year in the February 2013 issue of 
the peer-reviewed scientific journal 
Acta Biomateriali.

The team dissected several fro-
zen seahorses, donated by the Birch 
Aquarium, to better understand the 
structure and interaction of bones 
that allow the tail to bend and twist. 
A variety of chemical treatments, 
scanning electron microscopy, 
micro-computed tomography and 
other mechanical tests were used to 

visualize and test the bones before 
and after crushing them.

“When we crushed tail sections 
of the seahorse, we were surprised 
to find that the tails were highly 
deformable, compressing nearly 
50 percent of their original width 
before permanent damage was 
observed,” UCSD Ph.D. student 
Michael Porter said. 

Porter received his bachelor’s 
degree in engineering science and 
mechanics from Virginia Tech in 
2007 and master’s degree in biologi-
cal engineering from the University 
of Hawaii in 2010.

The researchers observed that 
the tail is made up of four overlap-
ping plates surrounding a central 
vertebra. These plates have sliding 
mechanisms that slide in and out of 
each other, allowing the tail to bend 
and twist.

The team of researchers were 
led by Porter and included UCSD 
post-doctoral student Ekaterina 
Novitskaya, visiting post-doctoral 
student Ana Bertha Castro-Cesena 

and UCSD professors of mechanical 
and aerospace engineering Joanna 
McKittrick and Marc Meyers.

McKittrick was interested in 
studying seahorses because of their 
unique characteristics. Research on 
the project began in August 2011, 
when Porter joined the team to start 
his Ph.D. research on biomimetics.

The team plans to apply their 
findings into developing a biomi-
metic robot gripping device that 
mimics the musculoskeletal struc-
ture and function of a seahorse 
tail. This robot would contain both 
hard and soft materials, differentiat-
ing itself from existing robots and 
allowing for more flexibility.

“We are currently developing 
CAD models of seahorse-inspired 
robotics,” Porter said.

The team then plans to use 3-D 
printing to replicate the hard com-
ponents and polymers to act as arti-
ficial muscles.

UCSD Engineers Use Seahorse Tails to Improve Robotics
SCIENCE  &  TECHNOLOGY

BY  SEAN  NAM  STAFF WRITER

readers can contact
SEAN  NAM     SAN012@ucsd.edu 

IL
LU

S
TR

AT
IO

n
 b

Y
 J

A
n

E
LL

A
 p

AY
U

M
O

 /
G

u
a

r
d

ia
n

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. BooBSkeTBAll.

General editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Managing; managing@ucsdguardian.org

opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&e: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
emily ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising Assistants 
Vivek Medepalli, Audrey Sechrest, Darren Shim

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
 Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van

Training and Development Manager
Madeline Mann

Laira Martin

Zev Hurwitz

Mekala neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Hilary Lee

Lauren Koa

Rachel Uda

Stacey chien

Jean Lee
Vincent pham

Jacey Aldredge

brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

Zoë Mccracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

Arielle Sallai

editor in Chief

Managing editor

News editor

Associate News editor

Opinion editor

Associate Opinion editor

Sports editor

Features editor

Associate Lifestyle editors

A&e editor

Photo editor

Associate Photo editor

design editor

Associate design editor

Art editor

Associate Art editor

Copy editor

Associate Copy editor

Web editor

Editorial Assistants
Mozelle Armijo, Rachel Huang, Jacqueline kim, 

Shelby Newallis, kelvin Noronha

Copy Readers
kim Brinckerhoff, kate Galloway, Rachel Huang,                    

Jacqueline kim 



N E W S  T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  3

its to landlords.
The California Senate Judiciary 

Committee approved the SB 603 bill 
at a hearing Tuesday by a vote of 4–1; 
following approval, the bill will move 
to the Senate floor, and voting will take 
place before the end of May.

Senator Mark Leno (D-San 
Francisco) authored the bill, intro-
duced in March, in co-sponsorship 
with Tenants Together, Western Center 
on Law and Poverty and California 
Rural Legal Assistance Foundation. 
The bill was created in response to 
complaints regarding unfair treatment 
of security deposits. According to a 
press release from Tenants Together, 
the bill hopes to stop security deposit 
thefts by mandating landlords to sep-

arate security deposits and personal 
assets, as well as requiring interest on 
deposits to tenants.

According to a survey conducted 
by Tenants Together, 60 percent of 
members reported improper with-
holding of security deposits.

“One [of the] biggest complaints 
California’s 15 million renters voice 
when a lease ends is that they have 
little recourse in dealing with a land-
lord who refuses to return their depos-
its,” Leno said in a press release on 
the Tenants Together website. “SB 603 
protects tenants in this situation by 
encouraging landlords to return secu-
rity deposits in a timely manner, as 
required by law.”

Victims of security deposit theft 
participated in the Tenants Together 
“Day of Action,” including San Diego 

resident Sebrina Daniels.
“My deposit was partially withheld 

for cleaning and unnamed ‘damages,’” 
Daniels wrote in a Tenants Together 
press release. “I left the place cleaner 
than it was when I moved in. As for 
damages, I have no idea what the land-
lord was talking about, and they never 
explained or documented any repair 
expenses.”

At the hearing, committee chair 
Noreen Evans revealed herself as a vic-
tim of security deposit threat, urging 
passage of the bill. 

With a vote at the end of May, 
Tenants Together is currently lobbying 
through online action, urging support-
ers to donate and inform themselves.

SB 603 Bill Will Move to the Senate Floor at the End of  May
▶ dePOSItS, from page 1

state has made over the last several 
years to transform its prison care sys-
tem to not simply meet constitutional 
standards but also to become one of 
the best in the nation,” Brown wrote 
in the plan.

California has the largest prison 
population of any state with rough-
ly 134,000 inmates, according to a 
December 2012 prison census report.

Brown commented that the feder-
al three-judge panel no longer needs 
to be concerned about the issue, as 
the state has made major progress.

Brown said he has increased 
healthcare spending from $7,000 to 
$15,000 per inmate among the state’s 
33 prisons. He emphasized that the 
increased quality of health will con-
tinue to improve with over $1 bil-
lion spent on new healthcare facili-
ties, including the addition of a new 
$840-million facility opening in July.

Despite this, the governor’s plan is 

still 2,300 inmates shy of the panel’s 
2009 mandate. Brown faces contempt 
of court — a judge’s strongest power 
to impose sanctions if Brown fails to 
meet orders — and could be fined 
or jailed.

If Brown were held in contempt 
of court, it would create an unprec-
edented situation.

“I don’t know what the court’s 
options are if Brown or any gover-
nor is held in contempt. It’s never 
happened before,” UC Santa Barbara 
sociology professor and expert on 
crime and punishment John Sutton 
said. “I don’t know how that will work 
out for Brown or even the state.”

California’s prison guard and 
district attorney unions both oppose 
Brown’s plan, Sutton said. He attrib-
uted high incarceration rates and 
overcrowding to a combination of 
economics and cyclical prosecu-
tion behind California’s correctional 
policies. As a result, Sutton said the 
state has incarcerated more prison-

ers than it can take of.
“Do you expect all [convicts] to be 

locked up for life? They’re going to get 
out eventually and without any new 
educational training or opportunities,” 
Sutton said. “We’re hurting ourselves 
if we cannot give them a chance at 
law-abiding life. It’s a problem of our 
own making.”

The state’s prisons have been 
pressed by increased federal over-
sight since 1995. Past rulings by two 
of the panel members, U.S. District 
Judges Lawrence Karlton and Thelton 
Henderson, ruled that California pris-
ons violated the 8th Amendment’s 
protection against cruel and unusual 
punishment due to its poor quality of 
mental and medical care. Henderson 
said the conditions were responsible 
for as many unnecessary inmate deaths 
as one per week. The prison popula-
tion peaked at 17,300 in 2006.

$1 Billion Will Be Spent on New Prison Healthcare Facilities
▶ PRISONS, from page 1 

I ran into 2012–2013 AVP 
Academic Affairs Sammy Chang as 
I was walking into the Forum last 
night, and he asked me if I still had 
to write the A.S. Council column. 
I hope my forlorn sigh was enough 
of an answer.

Wednesday’s council meeting 
marked the first official meeting for 
the 2013–2014 council, and Hayley 
Ryan read a 
brand-new roll 
call.

“I’m asking 
that you cor-
rect me on your 
name tonight, and keep correcting 
me on your name in the next few 
weeks,” she said. “Or else you will 
have a new name.”

Council then took nominations 
for speaker, and veteran voice John 
Weng got the job.

Public input highlights included 
a Prezi from 
SOVAC regarding 
its plans to register 
more student voters 
during a year with-
out a presidential 
election. Among 
those plans are ani-
mal-themed pins to 
make voting more 
fun, because as a 
group of educated 
young adults, we 
need mascots like 
Egalitarian Eagle 
and Freedom Falcon 
to spark our politi-
cal efficacy.

Special presentations kicked off 
with the Student Services Center, 
headed by Weng, and a presenta-
tion called “The 411 on the Office 
of Student Services.”

One of the office’s major vic-
tories was a vending machine in 

Geisel Library, from which students 
will be able to buy Scantrons, blue 
books, and, presumably, fabricated 
doctor’s notes. And in the future, 
they’ll be working on installing a 
Wii in the commuter lounge.

Former VP External Affairs 
Olamide Noah and her chief of 
staff Bruno Huizar presented a 
wrap-up presentation of the goals 

of the UC Student 
Association 
and the United 
States Student 
Association. They 
pointed out that it 

was essential to a student govern-
ment to take an interest in USSA 
issues, such as student loan debt.

The new council passed its 
very first resolution condemning 
the acts of racism recently seen on 
the UC Irvine and Cal State San 
Marcos campuses.

My bestie, AVP 
College Affairs-emeritus 
Leonard Bobbitt, came 
to hang out with me 
in my corner of the 
Forum. He told me I 
looked like a J. Crew 
model — I told him he 
could be a model for 
everything. I’ll miss you 
in the 2013–2014 coun-
cil, Leonard.

This meeting was 
particularly short (it 
ended by 8:15 p.m.), 
because councilmem-
bers planned a retreat 

to learn the basics of how a coun-
cil functions. Major props to our 
fearless new leaders for stepping 
up and going through this train-
ing, as I’m sure there are better 
ways to spend a Wednesday night 
than learning the ins and outs of 
Robert’s Rules.

aleksandra  konstantinovic 
AKONSTA@ucsd.edu

New Council Begins Training 
Retreat; Passes First Resolution

readers can contact
an drew  doolittle     adoolitt@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
m ekala  n eelakantan     mneelaka@ucsd.edu 

Wednesday’s 
council meeting 
marked the first 
official council 
meeting for the 
2013-2014 
council, and 
Hayley Ryan 
read a brand-
new roll call.

“

“



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Haters Have 
Bad Reasons 
for Hating 
Greek Life

Unlike the rest of the trends on campus, hating on Greeks stays fashionable 
year-round. But the usual reasons 
for why people dislike Greek 
life are founded on the basis of 
ignorance. Five years as an active 
Greek — including a year as the 
AEPi president — taught me that if 
haters gonna hate, they’re probably 
going to do it without even really 
understanding what it is they’re 
criticizing.

Take the criticism of Greeks that 
we pay for friends — it’s just not true. 
We’re groups of friends who pool our 
money together to pay for things we 
couldn’t afford on our own. You try 
throwing over four dozen large-scale 
events per quarter and see if you 
come out on top. 

Greek orgs not only navigate that 
kind of calendar, but we still manage 
to cover everyone at our events with 
insurance that tops UC SHIP. For 
the record, you currently pay more 
in mandatory quarterly student fees 
to A.S. Council than you would pay 
in chapter dues.

Then there’s the opinion that 
we’re stupid. The IFC and PHC 
average GPA is higher than the 
average UCSD GPA, meaning that 
if you take a test next to someone in 
letters, they’re probably going to beat 
you on the curve.

At Round Table Friday, do you 
actually see douchey jocks and 
judgmental betches, or do you 
read that personality onto Greeks 
based on how you expect Greeks 
to be? Maybe you’ve met Greeks 
who live up to the stereotypes. Yet, 
that’s because in reality, Greeks are 
a diverse group. We actively recruit 
to make our community composed 
of people both similar and different 
from ourselves to foster everyone’s 
personal growth. 

While last week, under-informed 
voices rushed to criticize our 
Greek life after the reprehensible 
events at UCI, a letter reaffirming 
our community’s stance against 
complacency in structural inequality 
was co-signed by 33 Greek 
presidents. Working with competent, 
cohesive and fiercely independent 
leaders like these is a privilege. Unlike 
the occasional self-entitled paid A.S. 
councilmember, Greek leaders pay 
to be a part of their chapters and, 
in my humble experience, selflessly 
work harder on behalf of their 
peers. We consider non-Greeks to 
be our peers as well, but because 
of all the misrepresentative notions 
about Greek life, many campus 
communities fail to see us eye-to-eye 
on this point.

Greek programming isn’t 
limited to student leaders taking the 
initiative to create the philanthropic 
and social student life that UCSD 
often fails to provide. We also give 
future Greek leaders the opportunity 
for real-world experience at 
managing the money, people and 
logistics that make the wheels 
turn. We also offer fellow Greek 
brothers and sisters a sense of 
community within a massive school 
— something Greeks don’t have to 
depend on admin to provide for us.

You can’t just overlay your values 
onto the Greek system and then 
claim it’s in a state of failure because 
you predict that it won’t meet your 
standards. After all, do you even lift?

When moving to La Jolla for 
college, campus and city safety don’t 
seem like a big concern for students. 
Our calm, coastal town is home to 
two types of people: those who are 
affiliated with UCSD, and affluent 
retirees. “The Jewel” of San Diego 
doesn’t exactly seem like a hotbed 
for crime, but in the last few years, 
incidents both on and off campus 
have left Tritons feeling uneasy 
about their safety. This unrest 
makes it clear an increase in campus 
security is imperative.

After the fatal shooting of 
MIT police officer Sean Collier 
last month, campuses across the 
country have taken campus security 
to a new level. On April 29, two 

bomb threats were discovered in 
two different men’s bathrooms at 
the San Diego State Love Library, 
and police and bomb-sniffing 
dogs were brought in immediately. 
Although it turned out to be a 
false alarm, the way the university 
handled this sensitive issue was 
impeccable. With an incident like 
this happening so close to home, we 
wonder if UCSD’s current campus 
security could adequately handle a 
similar situation.

In recent weeks, there were two 
incidents of sexual battery near the 
Mesa Apartments and Brown Hall 
in Earl Warren College as well as 
an incident of armed robbery near 
the intersection of Arriba Street 

and Regents Road. And although 
the latter suspects were arrested, 
students can’t help but feel at risk 
just walking around their own 
neighborhood. And that’s just this 
quarter. Let’s not forget the horrible 
incidents in years past, including 
an attempted kidnapping near 
Geisel Library, during which the 
kidnapper placed a paper bag over 
the victim’s head.

Regardless of financial 
implications, campus security should 
be increased to prevent similar 
incidents. We are more than aware 
that money doesn’t grow on trees 
— especially at public universities — 
but student safety is an issue that we 
can’t skimp on.

There are two ways to improve 
campus security on campus: 
Increasing security itself and 
publicizing the resources already 
available. For example, the 
Community Service Officer program 
and A.S. Safe Rides are both great 
safety resources on campus that more 
students need to utilize. Students 
may have seen CSOs biking around 
campus, but many are unaware that 
they can call these escorts 365 days a 
year from sunset to 1 a.m.

We can complain to the 
administration all we want about 
tuition and dorms, but at the end 
of the day, if student safety isn’t the 
top priority on campus, nothing 
else matters.

Recent Incidents Call for Increasing UCSD’s Campus Security

After a January announcement by San Diego Mayor Bob Filner, Phillip Rivers knows he will have work for 
another year in San Diego. But the burning 
question on too many San Diegans’ minds is 
this: Who is Phillip Rivers?

The San Diego Chargers suffer from a 
somewhat apathetic fan base, and while there 
are certainly diehards for the “Bolts,” its 
fan atmosphere is not nearly as tightly knit 
as those of the publicly owned Green Bay 
Packers or the borderline-terrifying Oakland 
Raiders. An ESPN ranking lists the Chargers 
as having the 28th- (out of 32) lowest 
average attendance during the 2012 season. 
Wishy-washy support for the team renders 
the Chargers vulnerable to relocation.

As the only NFL team in Southern 
California since 1995, the Chargers have 
unprecedented access to a tremendous 
geographic fan base. Los Angeles and San 
Diego, California’s two largest cities, are 
closer in distance to Qualcomm Stadium 
than to either of the Bay Area football 
squads. Unfortunately, however, spatial 
proximity has not translated into a strong 
and active fan base. In fact, there is a strong 
possibility that the Chargers may relocate 
to Los Angeles in the coming years. But 
San Diego needs the Chargers, and the 
city should do what it can financially to 

incentivize the team to stay here.
The lack of a football team is an ongoing 

sore subject for Angelenos, and dueling 
plans to build a stadium have popped up 
in recent years. Los Angeles needs a team’s 
commitment to relocate to the City of 
Pollution, and the stadium will follow.

The metropolitan area that is home to 
nearly a third of UCSD undergraduates also 
houses two professional basketball teams, 
two baseball and hockey teams, two soccer 
teams, and — not counting the years that 
USC illegally recruited some of its players 
— zero professional football teams. Outside 
of football, San Diego, on the other hand, is 
home to a mediocre baseball team and not 
much else.

As UCSD students, we understand the 
struggle of not having a football team, L.A., 
but taking San Diego’s is not the answer.

Mayor Filner announced in January 
that the Chargers would not file to relocate 
this year, locking them into another season 
at Qualcomm. During an October debate 
in Price Center East against Republican 
opponent Carl DeMaio, Filner and his rival 
both listed keeping the Chargers in San 
Diego as a priority during their terms. Filner 
can list this as a “success” for his first year in 

Illustration  by jessica chee

editorials

Securing the Bolts

The city of San Diego needs to support the Chargers if it wants to prevent 
handing off Southern California’s only football team to Los Angeles.

Laira Martin
Editor in ChiEf

Zev hurwitz
Managing Editor

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Lauren Koa
assoCiatE opinion Editor

Mekala neelakantan
nEws Editor

aleksandra Konstantinovic
assoCiatE nEws Editor

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San diego. Contents © 

2013. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of regents, the aSUCSd or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

See Chargers, page 9

brad  segal jsegal@ucsd.eduBro's  eye  view



I t is a truth universally acknowledged that a Jane Austen fan with a “Pride and Prejudice” obsession must be in want of more adaptations.Though modern-day audiences may know her work best through 
the film that earned Keira Knightley her first Oscar nod, “Pride and 
Prejudice”’s heroine Elizabeth Bennet has done more in 200 years than 
just sass Mr. Darcy in the pouring rain. From romancing a wet-shirted 
Colin Firth to singing in Punjabi to hunting zombies, it’s safe to say she’s 
done it all. In comparison, placing her in the present and giving her a 
video blog is pretty normal.

In “The Lizzie Bennet Diaries,” Bernie Su, a Thurgood Marshall 
College communication graduate, and Hank Green of VlogBrothers 
have updated the eponymous heroine, played by Old Globe veteran 
Ashley Clements, to a snarky grad student who sets out to create 
a vlog for her thesis with the help of her best friend Charlotte Lu 
(Julia Cho). Lizzie’s sisters — thoughtful Jane (Laura Spencer) and 
fun-loving Lydia (Mary Kate Wiles) — make frequent appearances 
on the vlogs. The girls’ lives are changed when wealthy medical 
student Bing Lee (Christopher Sean) and his sister Caroline (Jessica 
Jade Andres) move into town, bringing along their friend William 
Darcy (UCSD alumnus Daniel Vincent Gordh), a socially awkward 
hipster and the CEO of Pemberley Digital (a nod to the original 
Darcy’s stately mansion), an entertainment company.

Hilarious Austen references and zany costume theater aside, 
“Lizzie Bennet”’s depictions of characters’ personal growth and con-
temporary struggles — from careers to relationships — have struck 
a chord with viewers. 

“I personally am really proud of that and really happy that that’s the 
story we got to tell,” Wiles said on Lydia’s development. “It was very cool 
to be able to take this idea of a person and make her so much more full 
and human, [not] simply a stupid party girl.”

Allison Paige, who portrayed Darcy’s Indie music-loving sister 

Gigi, expressed her approbation of the series’ promotion of female 
empowerment. 

“[Gigi] has become such a more key element than she was in the 
book and in other adaptations,” she said. “I love that she’s not as shy and 
reserved … I just love the mischievousness of her and how she wants to 
get involved. I love that she is a go-getter. And she really knows who she 
is but at the same time is exploring who she is.”

Through 100 videos, plus four shorter spin-offs as well as transmedia 
elements, the series as a whole emphasizes the newfangled ideas Austen 
wrote about in pre-Victorian England. 

“Every girl wants to be Elizabeth Bennet and/or Jo March from ‘Little 
Women’ — these emblematic, powerful, strong young women that I think 
we all relate to,” Cho, who plays Charlotte, said. “I think a lot of our suc-
cess comes from the power of that source material … We’re fortunate that 
our adaptation has hopefully done the original novel justice.”

In addition to the series’ YouTube videos, a Streamy-winning 
Transmedia crew headed by Transmedia producer Jay Bushman set up 
Twitter accounts for each character who all tweet in response to videos 
— and occasionally fans — in real-time, making the fictional universe all 
the more authentic. The characters have joined almost every major social 
network: Several have Tumblrs and Facebook pages, Jane keeps up with 
fashion on Pinterest and LookBook, the workaholic Ricky Collins is on 
LinkedIn, the notorious flirt George Wickham has an OkCupid profile 
and Gigi posts songs on This Is My Jam. According to Transmedia edi-
tor Alexandra Edwards, the Twitter and Facebook accounts are run by 
web client Sprout Social, but all other platforms are done manually by the 
transmedia team.

“That was really kind of mind blowing to have that weird communal 
experience between the audience and the characters and the actors and 
the writers, creating a world that was living and breathing so much that 
your audience is a part of it,” Wiles said.

Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drInk   |   LIvIng   |   FILm  &  tv   |   musIc   |   thIngs  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                 Lifestyle Editor: Laira Martin  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Youngblood Hawke’s 
“Wake Up” gives a taste 
of  the Sun God lineup.
 
PAge 8

Third time’s a 
charm with “Iron 
Man 3” success. 

PAge 7

Find the 
boba that 
fits you.

PAge 8

musIc FILm  &  tv Food  &  drInk

Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drInk   |   LIvIng   |   FILm  &  tv   |   musIc   |   thIngs  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Jacey Aldredge  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
Co-Associate Lifestyle Editors: Jean Lee and Vincent Pham  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

They say “a man’s gotta have a 
code,” and to a certain extent that 
is true, even if the man who says it 
is a criminal who robs drug deal-
ers for a living on the universally 
acclaimed series “The Wire.” It’s 
also true of another HBO series, 
“Game of Thrones,” which has 
managed to become a spiritual suc-
cessor to “The Wire,” in a wilder 
and more explosive package.

Both series concern themselves 
with the pursuit of power, otherwise 
known as “the game,” including 
everyone from noblemen to com-
mon folk in their examinations. 
“The Wire” takes aim at the War 
on Drugs, putting the entire city of 
Baltimore under the microscope to 
evaluate the role of its citizens in 
perpetuating “the game” by main-
taining the status quo (and their 
jobs). Characters intersect and influ-
ence each other in the most spec-
tacular and mundane ways. “The shit 
always rolls downhill,” meaning one 
character’s mistakes ripple into the 
lives of others, creating a world in 
which everything is connected and 
every player is to blame.

This is about as far away as you 
could get from “Game of Thrones,” 
whose characters are so geographi-
cally separated that the theme song 
changes each week to tell you where 
the hell you’re going. The game of 
“Game of Thrones” is the epony-
mous title, in which scheming and 
manipulating are keys to becoming 
king of the seven kingdoms. 

Denying your opponents the 
truth creates a sticky situation, in 
which the emphasis shifts to how 
people change depending on who’s 
listening and the ulterior motives 
that propel us towards reckless self-
interest. How many have ranted 
about their desire to slit that bas-
tard Joffrey’s throat in the privacy 
of their secret meetings, yet kneel 
before him as he sits atop the iron 
throne? Characters’ motives are 
never fully clear to one another, 
whereas all the trouble in “The 
Wire” comes from proving those 
intentions in a court of law.

The only court of any real 
substance in Westeros is that of 
war, and its outcome is essentially 
as fair as the ones coming out of 
Baltimore: The good get turned 
bad, the bad are made worse, and 

It’s All 
in the 
Game (of  
Thrones)

See Game, page 8See Diaries, page 8

All's  Fair  in  Love  and  Web  video
With the help of social media, a classic novel and a smattering of San Diegans,

a 19th-century author is shaking up 21st-century entertainment.

BY  jacqu eli n e  ki m  
editorial assistant

rusteen   honardoost rhonardo@ucsd.edutv uber  alles



6     T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  lifestyle

World's  greatest
Gifts for the most important woman in your life — mom.

BY  shelby newallis  Editorial Assistant   illustration   by  jenny park

This Sunday, May 12, is Mother’s Day. It’s the day you’ve circled on your calen-
dar to make sure you don’t forget to 
call your mom and pick her up some 
flowers. Each year the average per-
son spends over $100 on Mother’s 
Day gifts and festivities. Instead of 
spending gobs of money you may 
not have on Mother’s Day gifts, 
think back to elementary school 
when homemade gifts and a sincere 
“I love you” were enough. Mother’s 
Day is not about spending money — 
it’s about making her day special by 
being thoughtful. Go back to basics 
this year with personalized gifts that 
your whole family pitches in for and 
a homemade brunch that shows off 
your sensitive side. 

Homemade Brunch
Making brunch at home is a good 

way to save money and impress your 
family with your uncanny cooking 
abilities. A great recipe for Mother’s 
Day is baked French toast with 
blueberries, courtesy of Giada De 
Laurentiis. The recipe looks com-
plicated, but it only takes a mere 10 
minutes of prep time and 45 min-
utes total to bake. The recipe serves 
four to six people.  

Ingredients:
Butter, for greasing
6 eggs
3 cups whole milk

3/4 cup maple syrup, plus extra 
for serving

2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 
plus 1 tablespoon

1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
1 lemon, zested
3 (1-inch thick) slices (8 ounces) 

day-old challah or sourdough bread, 
cut into 1-inch cubes

2 cups fresh or frozen, thawed and 
drained blueberries

3 tablespoons granulated sugar

Directions:
Place an oven rack in the middle 

of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 
degrees Fahrenheit. Butter a 9-by-
13-inch baking dish. Set aside.

In a large bowl, beat the eggs 
until frothy. Add the milk, maple 
syrup, cinnamon, salt and lemon 
zest. Add the bread cubes, and mix 
until coated. Stir in the blueberries. 
Pour the mixture into the prepared 
baking dish.

In a small bowl, mix together 
the remaining cinnamon and sugar. 
Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar over the 
egg mixture in an even layer. Bake 
for 40 to 45 minutes until the top is 
golden and the filling is set. Spoon 
onto serving plates, and drizzle with 
maple syrup.

Serve the French toast with Blood 
Orange Mimosas — Prosecco, Italian 
sparkling wine ($6 at Trader Joe’s) 
with a splash of orange juice and 
a slice of blood orange to garnish. 

This easy gourmet meal will have 
your family thinking you’ve spent all 
morning slaving away in the kitchen. 

Personalized Gifts
Flowers, chocolate or jewelry 

always seem to be the go-to gifts. 
It’s time to think outside the box 
and get a more personalized gift this 
year for Mother’s Day. 

Department Store Shopping
You do not have to go far to find 

great mom-friendly stores. Check 
out department stores Pier One and 
Cost Plus World Market in La Jolla 
Village Square to find a selection of 
unique items. 

At Pier One there are in-store 
sales and clearance items such as 
candles and home decor for $15 
and under. A set of wine charms 
($6) can spice up any old bottle of 
wine and are perfect for gifting or 
entertaining.

At Cost Plus World Market there 
are a variety of sale items available 
for Mother’s Day. An antique silver 
wall-mounted jewelry holder ($15) 
with a metal mesh backing is the 
perfect organizer for all of mom’s 
earrings, bracelets and necklaces. 

Both stores also offer gift cards, 
in case you would rather let your 
mom decide on a gift for herself. 

Crafted Gifts
If you’re low on cash but still 

want to give your mom something 
meaningful, crafted gifts are a great 
way to go. The best part about these 
gifts is that they are personalized, so 
your mom will know that there was 
love and effort put into them.

One idea is to find a nice picture 
of you and your mom, and send 
it to a nearby photo shop to be 
printed. Make the frame personal-
ized by decorating it and putting in 
a memorable photo. 

If your mom really enjoys music, 
browse through your iTunes library, 
make a compilation of her favorite 
songs and burn them onto a CD for 
her. Add an extra touch by hand-
writing the songs listed on the play-
list, and draw something for cover 
art on your personalized album.

In the end it doesn’t matter if 
your French toast is a little burnt or 
the CD you made is a little scratched. 
The most important thing is that 
you took time out of your day to 
appreciate your mom. Many of us 
may be hundreds of miles away 
from our mothers, but don’t let this 
stop you from letting her know 
how much you love her with a call, 
an email or even a Skype session. 
Flowers wilt, and cards get stuffed 
in a file cabinet, but the feeling of 
being appreciated is something your 
mother will never forget.

Coachella: 
L.A. Girls,
Frat Boys &
the Brits

lara budge  
mia florin-sefton 
lifestyles@ucsd.edu

mind  the  gap

Before we came to America, one of the things we wanted to do was go to Coachella. In 
Britain, it’s seen as a glamorous, celeb-
rity-filled festival. Mia believed it was 
the world’s largest festival, but after 
some Googling, we realized this goes 
to Donauinselfest in Vienna, Austria, 
which has 3 million people a weekend.

The original vision of Coachella 
was a new Woodstock. However, the 
profit margins remained slim, and it 
was bought by Goldenvoice. This has 
come at a price: No longer the stomp-
ing ground for native Californian hip-
pies, the festival has been replaced by 
frat bros and L.A. girls.

Festivals back home are grimy but 
great. Festival-goers embrace the mud, 
rain and wind: At Coachella, the bikini 
is a staple. Back home, it’s Wellingtons 
(boots) and anorak (raincoat). We 
returned from the porta-loos one day 
to see bros in flat-caps doing push-
ups. We then proceeded to walk past 
the phone-charging station where girls 
were queuing to use their curling irons.

While our hair remained uncurled 
and our bodies suffered, Coachella 
fulfilled our expectations. Never before 
have we seen so many collectively 
beautiful people in a desert. A fashion 
blogger’s paradise and a model scout-
er’s wet dream, Coachella is as glam-
orous as it is musically rich. While it 
seemed like some people weren’t there 
for the music, every show was impec-
cably managed, and all the stages were 
equally good performance spaces.

Camping at Coachella is like 
“glamping” (glamorous camping) 
at Glastonbury. Our neighbors had 
“Juicy” campervans, cocktail blend-
ers and portable showers attached to 
the van. We rocked up totally unpre-
pared, with nothing but our tent and 
a few chairs from Wal-Mart. Luckily, 
we were next to two San Diego locals, 
Kellie and Olivia — the most unex-
pected stoners we have ever met — 
who were kind enough to let us seek 
shade under their tarpaulin and chill 
our drinks in one of their five iceboxes. 
We would wake up around 8 a.m. to 
the sound of “Duuude. I wanna black 
out tonight” and to the smell of a bong. 
We don’t know how much music Kellie 
and Olivia got to see.

One thing we noticed at Coachella 
is that people are so busy looking good 
that they don’t want to dance. At other 
music festivals, we’re scared of the 
front because of terrifying mosh pits. 
But at Coachella it was easy to weave 
to the barriers through all the people 
on their iPhones. In our crowd travels, 
we noticed middle-aged men wearing 
orange earplugs, on iPhones and look-
ing suspiciously at everyone reaching 
into their bum bags. It became a game 
to spot undercover cops in the crowd; 
they need to work on their disguises.

While we might sound like we are 
preaching the superiority of British 
festivals, there is something undeni-
ably alluring about the glamour of 
Coachella. Now we’re not sure we’ll 
be able to go back to the grime of the 
British festivals, Reading and Bestival, 
where, far from sharing tarpaulins, we 
have had neighbors who have actually 
shat on the pillows of our friends due 
to dodgy drug deals. In the desert, 
illegal substances are so abundant they 
are found littering the toilet and tent 
floors. Whilst watching “Super Tall 
Paul” on the flute, we saw an unfor-
tunate man crawling on all fours con-
vinced he was a cat. Meow.

With the right attitude and sup-
plies, Coachella is one of the best fes-
tivals we have ever been to. Next year 
we will be rolling through in our Juicy 
campervans.readers can contact

shelby newallis     SNewallis@ucsd.edu 



A&e T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  7

Gain the business knowledge you need to succeed, 
no matter where your career takes you.

• nine-month master of science degree in management 

• top-ranked business school

boost your job search
                             wpcarey.asu.edu/really

really!      the 
business degree 
for non-business 
students

Kendrick Lamar

Festival

FREE PEN with every purchase!
CHOOSE FROM 3 DIFFERENT STORIES!

Have Fun with our 

ON SALE NOW at T
riton OutifttersSun God-Lib 
SHIRTS! l

Post your funny story on our
Facebook Page to win a prize...

“I ron Man 3” is under so much pressure to be successful that it’s astonishing it hasn’t col-
lapsed under the weight of the public’s 
expectations. Joss Whedon’s “The 
Avengers” proved something very 
special: Marvel Studios can create a 
multi-franchise universe and success-
fully bring those characters together 
in a meaningful and entertaining 
way. What Marvel is doing has never 
been done on this scale before — the 
creation of a shared filmic universe. 
The next challenge would be to go 
back down to the individual level and 
see if these characters can stand on 
their own again now that the public 
has seen them gloriously fight side by 
side. Fortunately, there’s no need to 
worry: “Iron Man 3” soars above most 
other Marvel films, even matching 
the original “Iron Man” (and coming 
quite close to “The Avengers”). 

Tony Stark is having a hard time 
recovering from the events of “The 
Avengers” film, and things aren’t 
made easier when someone close to 
him is badly injured. The terrorist 
responsible — the elusive Mandarin 

— pits himself against Stark in a 
game of cat and mouse that spans 
the country, with Stark being 
stretched to his limits. 

Perhaps one of the reasons that 
“Iron Man 3” succeeds is because it 
doesn’t try to “pile it on” like so many 
other “threequels” do. This is a paring 
down of the Iron Man formula. It’s 
not so much an Iron Man film as it is 
a Tony Stark film; the movie succeeds 
by zeroing in on exactly what makes 
the man in the iron suit special and 
why he’s captured the hearts of audi-
ences everywhere. It’s not a spoiler to 
say that Tony takes a beating in this 
film — he gets down on his luck, and 
he goes places we haven’t seen him go 
before, both physically and mentally. It 
can safely be said that there has never 
been a superhero film that has exam-
ined and portrayed post-traumatic 
stress disorder in the way that “Iron 
Man 3” does, and to great effect. 

Even in the midst of all this soul-
searching, don’t expect anything less 
than the funniest of the Iron Man 
films to date — this is a Shane Black 
film, and it shows: Shane Black was 

the director and writer who first 
brought Robert Downey Jr. back to 
cinema life in “Kiss Kiss Bang Bang” 
(2005) and introduced the whip-smart 
dialogue that would become linked 
to the actor’s screen persona. Now 
the duo is back, and Robert Downey 
Jr. is on point in this movie, clearly 
sharpened by a director who knows 
him. Everybody else in the film is 
in top form as well: Don Cheadle 
(“Hotel Rwanda,” “Crash”) channels 
the very best buddy cop movies as the 
Iron Patriot (and seems much more 
comfortable in the role than he did in 
“Iron Man 2”), and Gwyneth Paltrow 
(“Shakespeare in Love,” “Iron Man”) 
gets to do a lot more in this film than 
just be a damsel in distress. There are 
a host of other great characters intro-
duced here, not the least of which is 
Ben Kingsley’s (“Hugo,” “Gandhi”) the 
Mandarin — his role in this film really 
needs to be seen to be believed. 

Technically, the film is as good as 
can be expected — but the fact is, we 
don’t really see the Iron Man armor 
nearly as much as one would think 
in this film, and nearly the entire cli-
max of the film has Tony Stark’s face 
uncovered. The film feels better for it: 
It’s a collection of marvelous set pieces 
all strung together by offbeat, hilari-
ous or endearing sequences between 
Tony and those closest to him. There’s 
a wonderful feeling of earnestness in 
this film that was completely lack-
ing from the very robotic “Iron Man 
2” — an informal, fun weightlessness 
that is only occasionally spoiled by the 
instances of heavy politics or heavy-
handed, anti-establishment messages. 

The bottom line: Iron Man 3 is 
fun. It’s an enormous amount of fun. 
If you haven’t had enough of Robert 
Downey Jr.’s wry and wisecracking 
Tony Stark, then this will be like 
Christmas came early. And if you 
didn’t like the first couple films, give 
this one a shot — there’s a lot more 
earnest character searching, whip-
smart comedy and more than a couple 
twists that make this perhaps the best 
Iron Man outing yet. 

—  nathan  cook
Staff Writer

Directed by Shane Black
Starring Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow
rated PG-13
release Date May 3

Iron   man   3
With a new director comes an Iron Man ready to 
start off the summer movie season.

FILm   revIeW

A-

This innovative way of storytelling 
has earned the series a large following, 
which includes almost 200,000 sub-
scribers who have funded its recent 
Kickstarter campaign 770 percent 
over its goal of $60,000.

“You have direct access to the fans 
in this new medium, but when we 
first started this ... [we] had no idea [it 
would become a phenomenon]. We 
were like, ‘Well, we might make eight 
episodes, and it’ll be sort of amusing 
and nobody watches it, so we don’t do 
any more,’” producer and San Diego 
native Jenni Powell said.

“I think one of the reasons why 
‘Lizzie Bennet Diaries’ connects so 
well with people is because we literally 
are with them all day, every day. They 
carry us with them physically … They 
could be waiting in line somewhere 
and they could just … glance at their 
phone and Lizzie’s there, Darcy’s there, 
and they can check in whenever they 
have a chance to,” Bushman said.

Spencer, who plays Jane, is 
appreciative of how much technol-
ogy is shaping entertainment and 
the cast’s future. 

“Nothing but good things have 
come from this for all of us,” she said. 
“We have this lovely fan base that will 
hopefully follow us from this point 
forward. That’s something that’s going 
to be helpful for us.”

Gordh, a Muir College gradu-
ate of theater who has starred in 
Muir Musical (“Hair,” “Once Upon 
a Mattress”) and plays “Lizzie 
Bennet”’s Darcy (take that, Triton 
eye), believes that creators, actors 
and audiences have much to look 
forward to in entertainment.

“Technology is getting better. We 
have these cameras that can shoot 
high definition and computers that are 
these kind of pro-sumer electronics 
that [people] can actually afford and 
learn how to use,” he said. “That’s just 
bound to revolutionize web content.”

Although “Lizzie Bennet” aired 
its last episode on March 28, its crew 
is already debuting a mini-series, 
“Welcome to Sanditon,” on May 

13. Based on an unfinished Austen 
novel, the spin-off will star Paige 
reprising her role as Gigi, who 
continues testing a fictional app 
that played a critical role in “Lizzie 
Bennet” and uses it to show a 
Californian resort town’s growth. 

“It’s going to be experimental 
and different and be able to elicit 
a lot of user-generated content,” 
Margaret Dunlap, “Lizzie Bennet” 
consulting producer, writer and 
script supervisor, and “Sanditon” 
co-showrunner with Bushman, 
said. “It’s all set up [in the original 
manuscript]. You get characters, 
and you get setting, and it’s a great 
way to create a playground, because 
that’s basically what [Austen] did.”

“Sanditon” will be produced by 
Pemberley Digital, Darcy’s enterprise, 
which Su and Green have founded 
as a real company. “They really are 
incorporated: There’s an LLC, we 
get checks in the real world that 
say ‘Pemberley Digital’ on them,” 
“Sanditon” Transmedia producer 
Edwards said. Pemberley Digital will 
also produce longer vlog adaptations 
in the same vein as “Lizzie Bennet,” 
including an upcoming series to 
launch later this year.

In the meantime, though fans 
look forward to “Sanditon” and 
similar pieces, they will always 
remember the groundbreaking sto-
rytelling methods that made “The 
Lizzie Bennet Diaries” so enduring.

“I felt in a way that we were kind 
of the web series thing of ‘Friends,’ like 
this legacy show,” Su said. “It’s only 
one year, but everyone was so in love 
with the characters and wanted to see 
what they did.”

Austen wrote in an 1813 letter that 
Elizabeth Bennet was “as delightful a 
character as ever appeared in print.” 
It’s safe to say that she’s doing pretty 
well on the web, too.

Check out “The Lizzie Bennet 
Diaries” at lizziebennet.com and 
“Welcome to Sanditon” at welcometo-
sanditon.com.

Adaptation of  “Pride and Prejudice” 
Paves New Paths for Books to be Retold. 

readers can contact
jacqueline  kim     Jkim @ucsd.edu 

▶ Diaries, from page 5



There seems to be quite a theme 
with this year’s music concerts: 
Acoustic. From students swaying to 
Rockin Roosevelt’s artist Augustana 
to girls gushing over Justin Nozuka at 
Muirstock, it’s only natural that Revelle 
College’s concert Revellution would 
follow suit.

Despite the fact that this year’s con-
cert is the fourth since its inception, 
Revellution continues to fly under the 
radar. However, with its well-known 
headliner, Javier Colon, the Season 
One winner of NBC’s reality talent 
show “The Voice,” the lineup for this 
year is making a big change.

“I thought it was really important 
for name recognition to get students 
excited,” junior and Revelle College 
Council Director of Events Brenda 
Rodriguez said.

Opening the concert are two 
notable artists, Chris Cauley and Five 
Times August. 

“Through [Colon], we found Chris 
Cauley, who was also on ‘The Voice.’ 
He is really talented and they mutually 
knew each other [from the show,] … 
and then my advisor actually knows 
Five Times August, and she was like, 
‘He has about the same vibe to have 
him,’” Rodriguez said.

While most students are still 
unaware of the event and its Facebook 
event page, Revellution will be utiliz-
ing its new location in Revelle College 
Plaza to attract students to the event, 
something its previous location at 

Stonehenge failed to do.
“I wanted to have it in the plaza 

because the [residential] halls are right 
there and if for some reason peo-
ple didn’t know it was going on, they 
[soon] would know — they would hear 
it,” Rodriguez said.

Revellution is free to the public and 
will be happening on May 9 starting at 
7:30 p.m. in Revelle College Plaza.

Headliner Colon first appeared 
on “The Voice” on April 26, 2011, 
impressing the judges with his perfor-
mance of Cyndi Lauper’s classic “Time 
After Time.” A favorite contestant, 
Colon won the title and a $100,000 
grand prize, plus a Universal Republic 
recording contract. On November 21, 
2011, Colon released his album “Come 
Through for You,” which shows what 
he calls “acoustic soul.”

Cauley was most recently a mem-
ber of Adam Levine’s team on “The 
Voice.” Through the competition, 
he gained worldwide exposure and 
garnered attention online through a 
soulful EP Cauley released indepen-
dently. He also released a digital single, 
“Everything Easy.” He wrote the song 
for his wedding day, and it is now 
played at weddings around the globe.

Five Times August is the name of 
a one-man music project by Dallas’ 
independent singer/songwriter/guitar-
ist Brad Skistimas and was derived 
from the songwriter’s birthday, August 
5. Five Times August began in 2001. 
He saw his big break at the end of 2004, 
when a music supervisor at MTV dis-
covered the song “Better With You,” 
and used it on the widely popular 
reality series “Laguna Beach: The Real 
Orange County.”

8     T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  weekend
ALBum  revIeWs

After the release of the Youngblood Hawkes’ self-titled EP containing four pre-
view songs including the popular 
hit “We Come Running” back in 
August, listeners were eager to see 
if the brilliance would embody the 
rest of the album — and it does. 

Disliking the direction their 
music was heading, Simon Katz 
and Sam Martin decided to form 
an entirely new band, Youngblood 
Hawke, along with three of their 
friends. Although the band name 
comes from the Herman Wouk 

novel of the same name, the group 
takes its meaning to a different 
level. 

The band’s first official album, 
“Wake Up,” contains vocals and a 
sound similar to that of Foster the 
People and Phoenix. “Wake Up” 
appeals to a wide range of audi-
ences, providing a mixture of atti-
tudes varying from fun and light to 
complex and nostalgic. 

It shows off the band’s ability 
to implement different types of 
instruments yet keep the sound 
flowing from each sound change to 

the next. Specific highlights are the 
dance club synthesizers found in 
the song “Dreams” and symphony 
elements in “Stars (Hold On).” 

Although the album’s name does 
not come specifically from a titled 
track itself, the words “wake up” 
appear in “Dannyboy.” The lyrics 
read, “Wake up, Danny boy, there’s 
a world outside.” While the track 
is upbeat itself, the song hints at 
tragedy. The inspiration of the song 
comes from a friend of the band 
members, who was put in a coma 
after being hit by a drunk driver. 
The song shows the band’s ability to 
mix opposing emotions seamlessly.

With the release of this premiere 
album, Youngblood Hawke has 
certainly proven that it is a serious 
competitor in the music world. 

Every UCSD student should be 
in front of the stage for the band’s 
performance at this year’s Sun God 
Festival on May 17. 

—   lauren  craig                                                
Staff Writer

n owadays, it seems that anyone with a laptop can be a musi-cian. Victoria Hesketh knows 
this, but no time soon will you be 
seeing her with too many run-of-
the-mill electronic “instruments.” 
Instead, the English synthpop musi-
cian, better known by her stage 
name Little Boots, combines her 
traditional piano background with 
house beats created by a Tenori-on, 
a beat-making tablet. The latter has 
played such a strong influence in 
Hesketh’s career that Little Boots 
may as well be a duo: one-half 
Hesketh and the other half the LED-
flickering musical gadget. Although 
the Tenori-on was only introduced 
in 2005, Hesketh performs with it as 
if she has known it all her life and 
continues creating catchy beats in 
her latest album “Nocturnes.”

Hesketh claims to draw inspira-
tion for her new release from Edgar 
Allen Poe: Indeed, everything from 
the album’s title to the melody of 
most tracks is quite melancholic 
compared to its peppier predecessor 
“Hands.” If there were any doubts 
that synthpop could sound so sol-
emn, the opening track “Motorway” 
— with its pulsing beat and orches-
tral production that delves into a 
moody psyche — diminishes them. 
Most of the other tracks follow suit, 
set in morose minor keys and heav-
ily reliant on the Tenori-on’s met-
ronomic rhythm. Despite the fact 
that they are all in keeping with this 

theme, the songs don’t sound like 
slight variations on the same beat, 
a veniality common among house 
musicians. Instead, Hesketh mixes 
up her tracks with sounds from 
other genres, such as in “Beat Beat,” 
which is highly reminiscent of funky 
Motown. Other standouts include 
the lead single “Shake,” which at 
times veers toward insipid runway 
music but is saved by its addictive 
melody and beats.

In addition to skillful songwrit-
ing and the use of the (literally) 
shiny new Tenori-on, what sets 
Hesketh apart from other techno-
logically advanced artists is her 
own voice. Though peers of her 
genre can sound grating or cloying, 
Hesketh is refreshingly posh and 
has a vocal maturity that belies her 
years. She can easily do without 
the fancy electronics. However, 
her voice perfectly complements 
her modern instruments, strik-
ing a peerless balance between the 
two. For this reason, Little Boots is 
like our new ABBA — classic and 
catchy all at once. Hesketh is pav-
ing the way for other musicians and 
their novel instruments: After all, 
as she says in one of her strongest 
tracks “Every Night I Say a Prayer,” 
she has “seen into the future.”

—   Jacqueline  kim   
                                                editorial assistant

LA-based band comes running indeed with a 
complementary contrast in lyrics and music. 

"Wake  up"
by  youngblood  hawke
release date April  23

9/10

British synthpop musician’s high-tech instruments 
create songs that will be stuck on repeat.

"nocturnes"
by  little  boots
release date may  7

9/10

those who don’t play the game are 
destroyed for not taking a greater 
stake in their own destiny.

But it’s not enough to encourage 
selfishness. In order for the game 
to continue, it must also eradicate 
all empathy — empathy that could 
ruin the fun for everyone playing 
the game. 

“There you go again, giving a 
fuck when it ain’t your turn,” says 
one disgruntled homicide police-
man to Detective Jimmy McNulty 
in “The Wire,” as he is ripped a new 
one for taking an interest in a mur-
der he’s not responsible for solving. 

McNulty at first appears to be 

our righteous surrogate, steering us 
towards the side of the good and 
honorable in the same way Ned 
Stark did as he traveled straight 
into the heart of the game of 
thrones at King’s Landing. But the 
forces of the game are all-corrupt-
ing, leading the troubled McNulty 
into a controversial tailspin in the 
series’ final season that parallels 
Ned Stark’s own stumbling path of 
righteousness, with equally devas-
tating results. 

However, describing either show 
as pessimistic is a gross oversim-
plification that fails to take into 
account all the moments of poetry 
and humor that are as authentic 
as any moment of soul-crushing 

depression. And make no mistake, 
when these two shows explore the 
beauty of their respective worlds, 
they are capable of producing sites 
and sounds that can put the great-
est filmmakers on the ropes.

Because really, what these shows 
(and the heart of the game) are 
concerned with are the lives of peo-
ple in every gory bit of detail. And 
when television uses its ample run-
ning time to explore both the light 
and the dark, it can elevate both to 
epic proportions. 

In the words of the wise 
Detective Lester Freamon, “A life, 
Jimmy, you know what that is? It’s 
the shit that happens while you 
wait for moments that never come.”

“The Wire” and “Game of  Thrones” Share Power Pursuit. 
▶ Games, from page 5

sIte  seen

Revellution
BY  ti ffany ch i n  Staff Writer

As college students, boba seems 
to be ubiquitous. Boba hubs are 
known for studying, casual dates, late 
night fast food and hangouts. With 
so many boba establishments in San 
Diego, choosing a place might feel 
overwhelming and even daunting. To 
help find the right boba spot, the 
Guardian has reviewed three boba 
establishments. Each location has 
been reviewed based on a regular-
sized milk tea boba, location, park-
ing, service, atmosphere and price. If 
you’re lactose intolerant, we have even 
found a place that makes non-dairy 
milk tea boba.

TEA STATION 
Located in 

Kearny Mesa, 
Tea Station 
is already a 
spot that’s 

well known for its delicious — albeit 
pricey — boba drinks. Unlike most 
boba places, Tea Station is more like 
a restaurant than a typical boba place. 
Noticeably, the waitresses are kind and 
quite attentive. Although customers 
have access to Wi-Fi and plenty of 
table seating, there aren’t many outlets, 
and the wait staff makes it too formal 
for this place to be considered a good 
place to study. Customers mostly chat 
in small groups — not a single laptop 
or student is in sight.

One of the unique aspects of this 
place is that customers can choose 
their preferred level of drink sweet-
ness as well as the option to substitute 
honey for sugar. The regular milk 
tea boba ($3.50) was expensive, but 
the amount of boba compensated for 

its price. The boba itself was per-
fectly chewy. The milk tea seemed a bit 
diluted, but the half-level of sweetness 
is perfect. Despite the cost, Tea Station 
is a place to socialize and enjoy great 
boba.  

TEA N MORE 
Across from 

Tea Station in 
Kearny Mesa 
is Tea N More, 
which possesses 

all the characteristics you’d expect 
from a typical boba shop —  and as 
a plus, all drinks are dairy-free. The 
kitchen and drink-making station is 
located in the corner of the room, 
while the rest of the space is dedicated 
to self-seating at tables as well as a 
few couches. The setting encourages 
hanging out for a prolonged period of 
time. With the background of Korean 
pop music, customers have the luxury 
of playing games (e.g., Connect Four), 
a photo booth and bookshelves filled 
with magazines and manga. There 
is Wi-Fi, plenty of seating and many 
outlets for your computer or phone 
charger, which can make it a great 
study space — if you can handle the 
background noise.

While the space is almost ideal for 
studying and socializing, the milk tea 
boba ($3.24) was not exceptional. The 
boba was fine, but the insipid flavor of 
the milk tea itself left a feeling of dis-
satisfaction. However, a great alterna-

tive is the Royal Coffee milk tea boba 
($3.75), which tastes like melted coffee 
ice cream.

INFINI TEA 
From the 

name to the 
interior decora-
tion, this tea sta-
tion is nothing 

but charming. The establishment has 
a cozy feel and is on the smaller side, 
with around 50 seats and a couple of 
couches. If you dine in, a server will 
take your order. Despite its restaurant-
like atmosphere, it still retains the 
casual vibe of a boba joint. There is 
Wi-Fi, huge murals depicting adorable 
boba-inspired cartoon characters, and 
a small selection of magazines and 
games. There are also varying sizes 
of tables, so group hangouts or solo 
study sessions are both an option. The 
blender in the back keeps the noise 
level to a minimum.

The milk tea boba ($3) has tasty 
and well-textured boba, but the tea 
itself is overly sweet.

Finding the right boba venue is a 
project. From the frequent customer 
punch cards to trying everything 
on the menu, once you discover 
the place that satisfies your boba 
needs, you will surely never be dis-
appointed.

the seArch:  BoBA

Pursuit of  
the Pearls

BY sarah  sh i n  Staff Writer

readers can contact
tiffany  chin     TMChin@ucsd.edu 

7315 Clairemont 
Mesa Blvd.

7380 Clairemont 
Mesa Blvd.

4690 Convoy
Street

readers can contact
sarah  shin     S3Shin@ucsd.edu 

p
h

o
To

 C
o

U
R

Te
S

Y
 o

f 
Y

e
lp



o P i N i o N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  9

office, but San Diego government 
will need to do more to keep the 
team from “bolting” to L.A.

As the Guardian reported last 
month, Filner is working with 
former Massachusetts governor 
and La Jolla resident Mitt Romney 
to coordinate a bid for San Diego 
to co-host the 2024 Olympics 
with Tijuana. Not only is the plan 
flawed (it is against the current 
International Olympic Committee 
policy to allow multiple countries 
to host the Summer Games) — 
it is also ill-timed. San Diego’s 
economy, in the years following the 
Great Recession, is not necessarily 
prepared to foot a multi-billion 
dollar bill to host the games. On 

the other hand, a new stadium 
or heavy-duty renovations to the 
existing one would probably not 
cost more than a few hundred 
million dollars — a bargain next to 
the Olympic bid.

Government money, at this 
point, is much better off going 
toward building a new home for 
the Chargers than to supporting 
an improbable Olympic bid. A new 
stadium for the Chargers and their 
quarterback Phillip Rivers, who is 
under contract with the team for 
a few more years, would provide 
an attractive venue for other 
attractions like concerts or big 
RV shows — both of which bring 
money and jobs to San Diego.

The Chargers are doing what 
they can internally to improve. 

During this current off-season 
— which comes on the heels of a 
pathetic 7–9 run — the team hired 
Mike McCoy (who had previously 
worked as an offensive coordinator 
with the 13–3 Denver Broncos) as 
a new head coach. On the facilities 
side, the Chargers are in need of a 
new stadium, in a better location, 
to boost the local economy and 
revamp its fan base. A recent U-T 
San Diego op-ed emphasized the 
need for a new stadium before 
relocation begins to become a more 
real threat.

San Diego needs to prioritize 
the Chargers and other big-money 
guns, or else we won’t be shocked 
to see them leave. And some of 
us are rooting for a blue and gold 
football team in this town.

Preparing
for success and 
the CPA exam.
Pepperdine’s Master of Science in Accounting (MSA) 

is an intensive program that prepares you for a career 

in public accounting, industry, government, and the 

nonprofi t sector. The 30-unit curriculum can be completed 

in as few as nine months and is designed for those who 

seek the academic preparation and credits required for 

CPA licensure in California and most other states.

bschool.pepperdine.edu                

The Master of Science in Accounting

LOST
-REWARD-

follow
@asceucsd
@asgraphicstudio
@tritonoutfitter
to find an instant winner!

IF FOUND, PLEASE RETURN TO
sgf.ucsd.edu/lost

Tan baby sun god. Answers
to the name of “indy”. Weighs
approx. 2.oz. - 10 days old

Carries a bull whip. Fears no one. 
Last seen at Sun God Lawn. 

Finality By Jeffrey Lau

New Stadium Would Bring More Money and Jobs to San Diego
▶ Chargers, from page 4

letter  to  the  editor

Dear Editor,
San Diego-based Bridgepoint, 

whose Ashford University has come 
under fire for high dropout rates 
and overspending on recruiting 
new students (see: 30-second spots 
on Super Bowl Sunday and during 
the London Olympics), said that it 
is making several changes to boost 
student success — including the 
requirement that students who take 
online courses be at least 22 years 
old (unless they already have an 
college degree), and suspending new 
enrollments for its two programs 
(business and organizational 
management) that have had among 
the highest dropout rates. 

Ashford/Bridgepoint has 
reapplied for WASC accreditation. 
Perhaps the non-public $9,223 Cal 
Grants should go to the very best 
national universities and perhaps 
also (only?) to only the very best 
liberal arts colleges. Perhaps even 
if it does receive accredited status, 
Ashford/Bridgepoint students should 
be denied Cal Grants.

Currently, the state provides 
a maximum Cal Grant of $9,708 
per year for 26,000 California 
students to attend expensive 
religious institutions such as Loyola 
Marymount University, University 
of San Diego and University of San 
Francisco (all listed as charging 
over $50,000 tuition). Biola 
University (which grew 47 percent 
in the last decade thanks in part to 
generous Cal Grants) even joined 
a lawsuit to challenge the Obama 
administration’s abandoned mandate 
that employers should provide 
insurance coverage for abortion 
drugs at no cost to employees. 
Re-adoption of Gov. Jerry Brown’s 
abandoned proposal to slash Cal 

Grants that support all or even some 
non-public institutions was the true 
path, in my opinion.

Tuition discounting reached a 
record high in 2011–2012 at private 
nonprofit colleges, but that common 
technique for attracting students 
often failed to have the desired 
effect, especially at small, less-
selective institutions. Colleges use 
tuition discounting to entice students 
who might otherwise be unable or 
unwilling to pay full tuition. But 
that strategy may be reaching its 
limits, according to the Chronicle of 
Higher Education, as students and 
their families become more frugal 
about college costs in the wake of the 
recession and the sluggish economic 
recovery. Based upon a fall 2012 
survey of 383 private colleges, the 
discount rate reached an average of 
45 percent for first-time, full-time 
freshmen in 2011–2012, up from 44 
percent in 2010–2011.

The average grant to each 
freshman covered 53 percent of 
tuition and fees at these private 
nonprofit colleges in 2011–2012, up 
from about 52 percent the year before. 
Even with increased aid, more than 
half of the colleges surveyed said 
that their freshman enrollment was 
declining, especially at baccalaureate 
institutions with enrollments of less 
than 4,000. Over 83 percent of those 
colleges saw a decline in enrollment, 
according to the survey. But such 
declines affected less than 12 percent 
of postgraduate institutions with more 
than 4,000 students and less than 
5 percent of research universities. 
However, based on the Ashford/
Bridgepoint model, a lot more radio 
and some non-primetime television 
advertisements for local, non-elite 
small colleges might reverse years of 
enrollment declines. 

— Richard Thompson
Alumnus ’83

California Must Rethink 
Cal Grant Requirements



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

HOUSING
3-4 Student Housing - Available September - 3 
bedrooms 1.5 bath condo off Eastgate Mall 
Road, perfect for 3-4 students. Washer/dryer, 
pool/spa. Near bus line. Contact ninaho24@
hotmail.com.

3 bdrm - $2450/month. Available July or 
September - $2450/month - spacious 3 bed-
rooms 2.5 bath condo with attached 2-car 
garage near UCSD, Trader Joe’s and Gilman 
Drive. Washer/dryer, pool/spa. Email nina-
ho24@hotmail.com for more info.

PETS
8 Week Old - Dachshund Mx - $130. Two 8 
week old, Dachshund/Chihuahua mixes up for 
rehoming. These two males are adorable. They 
have chocolate brown fur and dark eyes. The 
boys will come with a shot and deworming, the 
day of purchase. For more information, please 
CALL: 619.269.6731 Listing ID: 54692098 at ucs-
dguardian.org/classifieds for more information

Maltipoo puppies - $300 - Maltese Poodle 
Hybrid pups, 2 Month Old, Female N Male 
Puppies, Shots And Dewormed, Health 
Guarantee, Non Shed, Parents On Site. Listing 
ID: 54691006 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

African Ringneck Parrots - $95 - Green African 
Ringneck Parrots for Sale. Beautiful Feathers. 
Both male and females. 2 yrs old. not tame. $95 
each. ph#(858)610-2503 Listing ID: 54482586 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

Siberian Husky Puppy - $500 - BEAUTIFUL 
MARKINGS!! FEMALE. 8 WEEKS. OLD WITH 
DARK BLUE EYES. HEALTHY & PLAYFUL. SLEEPS 
INSIDE THE HOUSE ON MY DAUGHTERS BED. 
DOESN’T GO TO THE RESTROOM ON BED. 

GOOD DRIVERS
NEEDED

ROOM FOR RENT 
IN LA JOLLA HOME

$950

Get the perfect part-time job. Earn
$12.85/hour. Work on campus. Flexible

hours. Paid training. Hiring now for
summer training. UCSD students only.
Details at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

ROOM FOR RENT- $950.00 - LARGE 
FURNISHED ROOM WITH BATH, AND SEPARATE 
ENTRANCE, IN LA JOLLA HOME WITH A VIEW. 
WALK TO SHORES BEACH. KITCHEN USE. ON 
BUS ROUTE. UTILITIES INCLUDED. PARKING 

ON DRIVEWAY. CALL JANET AT 858-456-0865. 
EMAIL JANHEY6@AOL.COM

Listing ID: 54006054 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information.

AWARD-WINNING DJ SERVICE

facebook.com/dj.osergio

Ph 858-405-8210
mainserge@hotmai l .com

SOUND  GA L L E RY

DJ O. Sergio

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

SUN GOD FESTIVAL APPAREL ON SALE NOW!
LIBRARY WALK • 10am-3pm • to.ucsd.edu

1ST VACCINES AND DEWORMING HAVE BEEN 
DONE. CALL, TEXT OR EMAIL RAY 619-777-0333 
HABLO ESPANOL. Listing ID: 54981529 at ucsd-
guardian.org/classifieds for more information

ELECTRONICS
Super deal! 20in Sharp tv - $50 - Television, 
Sharp - Flat panel 20 inch screen $50.00 Firm 
in excellent condition!:) Listing ID: 54692351 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

Harmon Kardon HK395 Del 7E840 3-Piece 
Speakers - $40 - Harmon Kardon HK395 Dell 
7E840 3-Piece Speakers. In Attractive condition, 
sound awesome! $40 call or text Listing ID: 
54981504 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Lot of 3 Vintage Polaroid Cameras** - $35 
- SHANNON. ALL 3 CAMERAS WORK GREAT 
35 FOR ALL 3 NOT EACH. I WOULD LIKE TO 
SEELL THEM ALL TOGETHR AS A LOT Listing ID: 
54714703 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

MUSIC SERVICES
“Sound Gallery” Award-Winning DJ Service. 
Creative, experienced, professional DJ, and a 
music collection second-to-none.  Playing “Free 
Style” all genres and eras! We do: indoor/out-
door events & clubs. Playing: Top 40 - Old 
School - New School - Latin - Jazz - Zydeco 
- Country - Slow Dancing - Pole Dancing - 
Flamenco - Waltzes - Tangos - Easy listening 
- Etc. Call DJ O. Sergio at 858.405.8210. Email: 
mainserge@ hotmail.com. Web: facebook.com/
dj.osergio

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

Financial Aid Offi ce 2013–2014

complete and submit your verifi cation worksheet, use the IRS Data Retrieval Tool,

If you have been selected for verifi cation, 

and/or provide other information by the MAY 21 deadline.

www.fafsa.ed.gov
www.CalDreamAct.org

FINANCIAL AID DEADLINE
MAY 21, 2013

MAY 21, 2013

MAY 1, 2010
GET YOURS.

To be considered for the best financial aid package, you must have submitted your FAFSA or California Dream Act Application by 
March 2 and submit all missing documents and/or clear all processing holds listed on your TritonLink Financial Aid checklist by the 
May 21st deadline.  Applications completed after the deadlines WILL NOT be considered for University Grants, SEOG, Work Study, 
University or Perkins Loans.   

Game  1:  Friday,  May  3
UCSD 3, Cal State Monterey Bay 4

In the first game of the series, both starting pitchers went toe to toe, matching each other 
in two solid performances. Ace Ryan Goodbrand of UCSD and Will Anderson of Cal State 
Monterey Bay both went seven innings, giving up six hits and three earned runs. 

The Otters struck first and scored single runs in the second, third and fourth, while UCSD 
scored all three of their runs in the top of the fifth. Senior center fielder Danny Susdorf had a 
big two RBI single up the middle for the Tritons and then crossed the plate himself when junior 
shortstop Dillon Moyer singled to left field.

The game was all tied up going into the bottom of the ninth, when Otter leadoff man David 
Garcia singled to start the inning. Two ensuing bunts — one for an infield single and another to 
move the runners over — brought Garcia to third. After an intentional walk to load the bases, 
pinch-hitter Jesse Olson singled through the left side of the infield to score the winning run for 
the Otters in walk-off fashion. 

Game  2:  Saturday,  May  4
UCSD 6, Cal State Monterey Bay 1

Junior Scott Liske got the ball rolling for the Tritons to start the game, homering 
to left center in the top of the first inning. The Tritons were held scoreless for the 
next five innings but maintained the lead behind a dominant pitching performance 
from junior Blake Fassler. Fassler — named this week’s CCAA Pitcher of the Week 
— threw seven shutout innings, only allowing four hits with no walks while striking 
out six.

In the seventh, UCSD broke the game open, scoring five runs off five hits. 
Designated hitter, junior Nick La Face, homered for two RBI. Junior Garrett Tuck 
scored when the Otter catcher committed a throwing error, trying to catch Tuck 
stealing third. An RBI single by junior Spencer Frazier and double by Liske rounded 
out the scoring for the Tritons. Liske finished the game 3-for-4 with two RBI and a 
run scored. 

Game  3:  Saturday,  May  4
UCSD 5, Cal State Monterey Bay 7

In the second game of the double-header, UCSD wasted no time jumping out for an 
early lead. Junior Justin Rahn hit a three-run home run to open up the game. 

Monterey Bay wasted no time in answering the Tritons however, scoring three of its own 
in the bottom of the second. A two RBI single and a sacrifice fly tied the game for the Otters. 

In their next inning, the Otters jumped ahead off a two RBI double by Jason Merjano, 
and it was the Triton’s turn to play catch up. 

UCSD scored runs in the fourth and fifth innings. Frazier had a RBI single in the 
fourth and Rahn a RBI single in the fifth. Rahn finished the game 2-for-2 with four RBI 
and a walk.  

The Otters went run for run with the Tritons, picking up runs in fourth and fifth 
themselves. UCSD had the tying run at the plate in the seventh but couldn’t score and 
dropped the third game. 

Game  4:  Sunday,  May  5
UCSD 3, Cal State Monterey Bay 5

Monterey Bay scored twice in the bottom of the first off two RBI singles to take the lead. 
The Otters added another in the third when Jesse Olson singled in another run, and the 
Tritons found themselves in an early 0–3 hole.

The Tritons would get on the board in the top of the fifth, shrinking the deficit with 
a two RBI double by Rahn. But the Otters would gain one run back in the next inning 
though, keeping the two-run lead at 4–2. 

In the seventh, Susdorf, in what might be his last game of a sensational UCSD career, 
tripled to lead off the inning and scored on a sacrifice fly by first baseman Richard Seigel. 
Susdorf finished the game 2-for-4 with a run scored and two stolen bases. 

The Otters would again answer back in their half of the seventh inning, scoring on their 
own sacrifice fly to keep the lead at two. Despite having runners at second and third in the 
top of the ninth, UCSD was unable to score and dropped the final game by a score of 5–3. 

The Tritons stumbled this past weekend on the 
road, dropping three out of four games against No. 
8 nationally ranked Cal State Monterey Bay. The 
games, all closely contested, were played on the 
road at the Otter Sports Complex.

The series was the last of the regular season for 
both the Tritons and Otters. UCSD finished the sea-
son over .500 with a 26–24 record and an even 20–20 

in their conference. The Otters improved to 37–13 
overall and claimed the conference regular-season title. 

UCSD was eliminated from the CCAA 
Championships last week, but still has a chance to 

play in the upcoming NCAA Division II Regionals. 
In order to do so, they must be ranked in the top 
six in the soon to be announced final polls. They 
have occupied the sixth spot in the previous two 
polls and will find out if they qualify for the NCAA 
Division II West Regionals when the selections are 
announced this Sunday.   

Tritons Go 1-3 in Season Finale
BaSeBall

BY  MaTT SM ITH EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

readers can contact
MaTT SMITH     m7SMITH@ucsd.edu 



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  9 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Why 
Finals Don’t 
Translate 
Into Titles

Invariably, three times a year, my fingers will bleed. My close friends can attest, my horrible habit of 
picking at my loose cuticles is only 
made worse by the lack of sleep and 
stress and anxiety brought on by 
finals week. Accompanying symptoms 
include either losing or gaining 
five pounds, persistent dehydration 
and either listlessness or fatigue (in 
accordance with however much 
caffeine is in my system at any one 
time).

If you’re a collegiate trainer, 
strength and conditioning specialist 
or coach heading into the postseason, 
finals week is an absolute nightmare. 
You can prep your team with hundreds 
of hours of film and walk through your 
plays till they turn the lights off on 
you, but if your ace is on the mound 
worrying about his o-chem final, not 
much of that will matter. 

I won’t weigh the merits of the 
quarter system against the semester 
system — having three rounds of finals 
and six rounds of midterms is the 
worst — but I do think the differences 
in the academic calendar may have 
some unintended repercussions 
when it comes to NCAA postseason 
performances.     

This late into spring quarter, I’m 
sure most UCSD students are aware 
that their counterparts at Berkeley or 
San Diego State are one week away 
from summer. But what does this 
mean for UCSD athletes?

Let’s look at the softball team. 
It was recently announced that the 
Tritons have snuck into Regionals with 
an at-large bid. No. 8 UCSD will face 
CCAA opponent, No. 1 Humboldt 
this Saturday. The Lumberjacks have 
final exams scheduled for the following 
week, May 13 to 17. Meanwhile, UCSD 
athletes will be just starting week seven, 
nestled conveniently after midterms 
and before finals. 

When asked how finals impact 
her performance on the field, senior 
All-Conference soccer selection Gabi 
Hernandez said she thinks she’s best 
when she can focus her attention on 
either school or soccer, but not both.

“I find it a lot easier to focus on my 
game when I don’t have school running 
through the back of my mind, because 
I, like so many athletes, am competitive 
on and off the field,” Hernandez said. 
“I want to excel in both areas, and it 
makes it a little difficult to give 100 
percent in each.”

Junior member of the men’s 
volleyball team and All-Academic 
member Sebastian Brady says not 
having to worry about finals during 
competition affords that team an edge.

“Studying for finals is definitely 
a disadvantage,” Brady said. “It takes 
away from sleep and recovery time, 
it adds stress, and even when you’re 
practicing, it’s always on your mind. ”

If what Hernandez and Brady say 
holds true for the average student-
athlete, the UCSD Softball team 
may just get the extra bump to 
pull off an upset. Of course, UCSD 
student-athletes aren’t average. In 
2012, UCSD cracked the top 10 in 
the NSCA Power Rankings, noting 
graduation rates, academic ranking 
and athletic department standings. 
However, for the sake of UCSD 
Softball — 0–5 to West Regional 
opponent Humboldt State this 
season — let’s hope that Humboldt 
State’s All-CCAA Player of the Year, 
Chrissy Stalf is preoccupied in the 
box.   

SOFTBall

A Second Chance
The UCSD softball team gets the at-large bid for the NCAA West Regional. 

They will soon face Humboldt State in round one.

BY  RaCH el U Da  sports editor
The UCSD softball team earned its first at-large bid in program history last Monday, May 6 to advance to the NCAA Division II West Regional.

The Tritons lost their shot at the automatic qualifier after 
falling to first-seeded Humboldt State in the championship game 
of the California Collegiate Athletics Association conference 
tournament, last Sunday, May 5. UCSD goes into the West 
Regional with the No. 8 seed in a rematch set against No. 1 seed 
Humboldt State, in Arcata, Calif., May 10.

“We’re excited,” UCSD head coach Patti Gerckens said to the 
UCSD athletics department. “I think that playing Humboldt for 
the sixth time will prove to be our best game yet. I thought we 
played a real tough game against them in the championship of 
the CCAA Tournament. It really showed that, as a team, we really 
have a lot of confidence to go and play them.”

This Friday will mark the Tritons’ third consecutive 
appearance at the NCAA championships. UCSD won the 
program’s first national title in 2011 and advanced to the title 
game the following season.

The Tritons have just two four-letter seniors on their roster, 
but they still have an abundance of postseason experience, as 
the core group that propelled them to back-to-back title games 
remains intact. Gerckens says that UCSD’s postseason exposure 
will help down the stretch.

“These kids want to win,” Gerckens said. “They know how to 
win. They enjoy pressure, and I think that the veteran club of girls 
really paves the way for the younger girls.”

UCSD is 0–5 against CCAA champions Humboldt State this 
season. In seasons past, the conference had been dominated by 
two or three teams, floating near the top of the rankings within 

two or three games of each other. This season, Humboldt State 
has absolutely shifted the dynamic of the CCAA. In 2012, two 
games separated third-place Chico State from first-place Cal 
State Monterey Bay. In 2013, first-place Humboldt State (31–5) 
ended seven games in front of second-place UCSD (24–12). 

This season, the Lumberjacks are certainly the proverbial 
giants of the CCAA — and arguably of the West Region on the 
whole. Batting leadoff for Humboldt State is CCAA Most Valuable 
Player Chrissy Stalf, who leads the nation for home runs (24). 
The Lumberjacks also have All-CCAA selections Dani Randall, 
batting in the three hole, and Courtney Hiatt, batting cleanup. In 
the circle, Humboldt boasts Freshman of the Year Katie Obemma.

Interestingly, the only team to match Humboldt in All-CCAA 
appointments was UCSD. The Tritons have seven All-CCAA 
selections: senior Nicole Spangler, juniors Caitlin Brown, Mya 
Romero, Kirsten Willmon and Emily McQuaid, sophomore 
Taylor Sepulveda and freshman Callie Grant. If anyone can bring 
down Humboldt, it could be UCSD, a team that — over the past 
two seasons — has proven its resilience in postseason play.

When asked by the UCSD Athletics Department what it 
will take for the Tritons to win regionals, Gerckens says the key 
comes down to execution.

“Just doing the little things right — executing, playing as 
a team and playing with a lot of heart and a lot of resiliency,” 
Gerckens said.

Regardless of how the Tritons fare against Humboldt, UCSD 
will face the winner of the game between No. 4 Grand Canyon 
University and No. 5 Saint Martin’s University the following day. 
The winner of the double-elimination tournament will advance 
to the best-of-three Super Regional, to be held May 17 to May 18.

readers can contact
RaCHel UDa     ruda@ucsd.edu 

rachel  uda ruda@ucsd.eduPlaY  IT  aS  IT  laYS

phoToS bY bRIAN YIp AND NolAN ThoMAS / guardian file


	010713NewsNEW
	050913OPINION
	050913WEEKEND copy
	050913OPINION
	050913_Classifieds_PG10
	050913SPORTS

