
UCSD Transportation Services 
announced a series of changes to 
UCSD shuttle and parking services 
last week that will drastically affect the 
commute logistics for many students. 
Most notably, the Arriba and Nobel 
shuttles will be integrated into the San 
Diego MTS system and the free Bus 
Zone sticker system will be discontin-
ued. Students who park on campus, 

whether in pay-to-park spots or with 
a monthly or yearly “S” permit will 
see major changes 
to the availablity of 
spots and the prices 
for which the spots 
are available.

Below is a partial 
list of the changes to 
shuttles and parking 
that will take effect 
on campus in July:

ASCE Hosts Open Forum 
to Discuss Sun God 2013

Over 2,600 people, includ-ing two from Mexico, attended the annual Winter 
Gamefest hosted by the Sixth College 
Technology Committee and the Sixth 
College Student Council held this past 
weekend (Jan. 18 to Jan. 20) in the 
Price Center ballrooms. The free event 
was open to both UCSD students and 
the public.

The Winter Gamefest is the 
Technology Committee’s annual elec-
tronic sports event, mainly comprised 
of competitions and tournaments 
of the latest video games as well as 

decades-old classics. Games this year 
included League of Legends, StarCraft 
II, Street Fighter, Marvel vs. Capcom, 
Halo 4, Call of Duty: Black Ops II and 
Super Smash Bros.

First held in 2006 with fewer than 
50 people in attendance, the Winter 
Gamefest had a record-breaking 3,000 
attendees last year. It has since become 
the largest student-run event on cam-
pus and one of the premier competitive 
video-game events on the West Coast. 
This year, a rough estimate of 2000 
general attendees and 600 tournament 
participants were at the event.

“It’s an event that’s centered around 
competitive gaming,” Sixth College 

Technology Committee Head Tasen 
Zhu said. 

The main tournaments took place 
on Saturday, beginning with StarCraft 
II and League of Legends at 10 a.m., 
followed by Super Smash Bros. Melee 
and Halo 4 tournaments at noon. Side 
tournaments for NBA 2K13, Mortal 
Kombat and Gears of War took place 
on Friday afternoon while the FIFA 13 
tournament started at noon on Sunday. 

Participants of tournaments, single 
or in teams of four or five (depending 
on the game), had the opportunity to 
win cash and other prizes sponsored 

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 26                                                                                                         www.UcSdgUardIan.OrgTHUrSdaY, JanUarY 24, 2013

TerminaTor  reTurns BaCK  aT  BaT au  revior,  Yudof
arnie  at tempts  comeback sofTBaLL  TaKes  THe  fieLda  uc  President's  Legacy
weekend , Page   6 sPorTs,  Page 12opinion,  Page   4

Associated Students Concerts & 
Events committee members discussed 
events and issues surrounding this 
year’s Sun God Festival at an open 
forum last Friday, Jan. 18 in Price 
Center East.

Festivals Director for ASCE 
Andrea Hsueh and Campus Events 
Manager Alex Kushner led the discus-
sion, focusing on Sun God’s midway 
stage events, music performances, and 
health and safety. Several students and 
faculty members attended the forum. 

The committee expressed concern 
over Sun God’s daytime events, and the 
challenge to keep students on the field 
throughout the day.

“If students are only coming to see 
one or two shows [and] then leaving, 
we aren’t doing our job to keep them 
entertained, and it’s a waste of money,” 

Kushner said.
With the help of the midway stage, 

ASCE hopes to entertain students with 
activities and performances besides 
music, such as comedy performers. 
The midway stage also serves as a 
platform for student performers, giv-
ing them a chance to showcase their 
own talent.

“It’s not just about music any-
more. We want to make it memo-
rable, that’s our challenge,” Kushner 
said. “A lot of festivals across the 
nation that are really successful aren’t 
just about the bands.”

ASCE discussed the pressure to 
present fresh and exciting musical art-
ists students will enjoy. Comparing 
Sun God to other music festivals such 
as Coachella, Kushner explained that 
one of the biggest challenges is find-

Around 2,600 Turn Out for 
Eighth Annual Gamefest

Changes To Shuttles and 
Parking Take Effect in July

See Games, page 3

ConCerTs  and  evenTs

A meeting in the Price Center Forum last Friday was 
the first open discussion about this year’s music festival.

BY sarah  moon  Staff Writer

See sun God, page 3

Gamers competed in a variety of  video game contests over the course of  the two-day event hosted by the Sixth College Technology Committee in the Price 
Center Ballrooms. Above, attendees take part in a Super Street Fighter IV competition.  

sTudenT  Life

BY  sean  nam  Staff Writer

pHOTO bY aLwIn SZETO /Guardian

TransPorTaTion

By  Zev H u rWiTZ  NEWs Editor

FRee

$670

$1

$41

$36

$610

$2/hr or 
$16/day

$697
-739

current cost for students of the bus Zone for students

2013-2014 “S” parking permit cost

new hourly parking rate on campus during nights and 
weekends. currently it is free. 

Monthly cost for the same pass after the first year’s 
special rate expires. annual 15 percent cuts will be 
made to the subsidy

approximate monthly cost for a regular MTS pass for 
2013-2014 which includes full bus and trolley access

current cost for a September to June 
“S” parking permit

new rates for high-demand lots like pangea 
parking Structure and Hopkins parking Structure

possible range for cost of “S” parking permit in 
2015-2016 with annual 2-5 percent increases

additionally, reduced rates for East campus 
parking will be phased out and the number of 
free parking day passes for Vanpool, carpool, 
pedal club and coaster club program 
members has increased from 10-12

Source: moveucsandiego.ucsd.edu

OPINION
Why the new 
transportation  
plans will not 
be catastrophic 
for students.
PAGE 4



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

ucsdguardian.org

g e t  i n f o r m e d . . .

READ
EVERY MONDAY & THURSDAY

visit

more content. . . new, bold look!

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .
new, bold look!

more
content. . .

ucsdguardian.org

bold, new
look!

ucsdguardian.org

quite frankly By Lior Schenk

fleeting thoughs By Irene Chiang

SCI-TECH BrIEfS BY REBECCA HORWITZ, Associate News Editor
▶ One of the more difficult 

aspects of treating cancer is 
identifying the exact location of 
cancerous cells. UCSD researchers 
have developed a technique that 
makes this possible. Cancer cells 
attack lymph nodes — the body’s 
filters that contain immune cells to 
fight infection — which are located 
throughout the body. Surgeons 
have to remove the nodes to see if 
the cancer has spread, but human 
lymph nodes measure only half a 
centimeter, making them difficult 
to remove. 

More often than not, non-
cancerous lymph nodes are 
unnecessarily removed because 
surgeons have no way of determining 
whether a node is cancerous. 

The researchers at UCSD have 
created fluorescent molecules that 
allow surgeons to see where the 
cancer has spread in high detail. 
They have only tested the molecules 
on mice, but they expect to use 
this technology on humans in the 
foreseeable future.

▶ A national team of researchers 
led by UCSD School of Medicine 
investigators have discovered a 
developmental clock inside the 
brain. This discovery is an important 
step in understanding the timeline 
of child development. 

The “developmental clock” 
shows the rates of maturation within 
the brain. A surprising discovery 
was that the maturation differences 
between a 3-year-old and a 20-year-
old are much smaller than previously 
believed. 

This discovery is the first 
composite profile of different stages 
in brain development between the 
ages of three and 20.

▶ Facebook statuses are easier 
to remember than memorable 
sentences from books or a stranger’s 
face. Doctoral alumna of UCSD’s 
department of Psychology and 
Visiting Scholar Laura Mickes 
headed a study that discovered that 
digital communications are “mind-
ready.” 

Chatting online is very similar 
to casual, in-person conversation 

because people, in both scenarios, 
use more natural, informal dialogue. 
Facebook statuses are one and a half 
times easier to remember than lines 
from books and two and a half times 
easier to remember than faces. 

UCSD Psychology Professor 
Nicholas Christenfeld said that our 
language capacity did not evolve to 
be carefully edited and that modern 
technology allows us to return to our 
more casual and easily remembered 
language. The study concluded that 
language we generate without much 
thought is the easiest to remember.

▶ UCSD School of Medicine 
researchers have discovered how 
cells know when to eat themselves. 
They found a molecular mechanism 
called AMPK that regulates the 
process. The process is called 
autophagy and cells use it when 
they are infected or in need of food 
or nutrients. 

It’s a survival mechanism that 
shuts down the damaged part of 
the system to protect the whole. 
Scientists now have a better idea 
of how autophagy works due to 

the UCSD research and are able 
to focus on working on defects in 
autophagy that have been associated 
with human disease, cell aging and 
cell damage. 

▶ One way of treating diabetes 
type 1 and 2 is to stimulate the 
regeneration of new beta cells to 
produce insulin. 

There are two ways to do so 
using embryonic stem cells; either 
through generating cells in vitro 
or through transplanting immature 
endocrine cells in mice. UCSD 
School of Medicine researchers 
worked with ViaCyte Inc. to develop 
new therapies for diabetes using 
stem cells. 

They identified a key mechanism 
for inducting developmental 
proteins that will make the in vitro 
cell process more successful. This 
is important for identifying disease 
mechanisms in diabetes as well as 
helping cell therapies.

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2012, all rights 
reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible for 
the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
by advertising. WHO’S BANGING WHO?       

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising & Marketing Assistant 
Christina Doo

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Leo Bui, Arielle Sallai, Sara Shroyer, Bobee Kim

Zoe McCracken, Rebecca Han

arielle Sallai

Madeline Mann
ren Ebel

Zev Hurwitz

rebecca Horwitz

Hilary Lee

cedric Eicher

rachel Uda

ayan Kusari

Stacey chien

Laira Martin

ashley Kwon

Jean Lee

Jacey aldredge
andrew whitworth

Sebastian brady

brian Monroe

Leo bui

Sara Shroyer

Jeffrey Lau

allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

editor in Chief

managing editors

news editor

associate news editor

opinion editor

opinion editorial assistant

sports editor

Features editor

associate Features editor

Lifestyle editor

associate Lifestyle editor

Lifestyle editorial assistant

associate a&e editor

a&e editorial assistant

Photo editor

design editor

associate design editor

art editor

Copy editor

associate Copy editor



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |   THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG 3

by advertisers, including Monster.
com, FanboyGaming.com, Kingston 
Technology, Mad Catz and Play N 
Trade Video Games. Top prizes includ-
ed a $720 prize to the winning team of 
the League of Legends tournament and 
$600 for the StarCraft II tournament.

UCSD senior computer science 
student Ian Courtright was found at 
the Super Smash Bros. tournament 
tables.

“My friend used to run [Gamefest] 
and he just kinda signed us up,” 
Courtright said. “We lost both of our 
[Halo] matches, but we still had a 
good time.”

However, Gamefest is more than 
just a competitive event. According to 
its website, “the event is a way to bring 
members of the video-game commu-
nity together in a celebration of gaming 
culture and tradition.”

“We also have a lot of things that 
celebrate gaming culture in general. So 
we let people walk in and play games 
on their own,” Zhu said.

These games included classic games 
on legacy consoles such as Super Smash 

Bros. on Nintendo 64 and Super Smash 
Bros. Melee on Nintendo GameCube. 
Newer games for Nintendo Wii, Xbox 
360 and Sony PlayStation 3 were also 
available for free play before the main 
tournaments.

Brian Dotimas, a freshman at 
Mount Carmel High School, found 
the event through his sister, a UCSD 
student. He spent much of his time 
playing and watching Super Smash 
Bros. in the free play area and said that 
he enjoyed having the ability to play a 
classic video game.

“I haven’t held a controller in a long 
time because I’ve been playing League 
of Legends lately,” he said. “My favorite 
console video game is probably Super 
Smash, though.”

Chelsey Cruise and her husband 
found out about the event through 
her brother, who works in the gaming 
industry.

“I’ve been here all day,” she said. “It’s 
been a lot of fun just watching.”

Participants Compete in Modern, Classic Game Tournaments
▶ Games, from page 1

readers can contact
sean nam e    san012email@ucsd.edu 

ing music artists who will appeal to 
the majority while trying to determine 
what the next “big thing” in music 
will be.

“We have a list of names that came 
here before they got big,” Kushner said. 
“Hopefully people see that any one 
of these new artists could be the next 
big thing.”

Macklemore, a hip-hop artist 
who performed at last year’s festival, 
Kushner explained, has gained popu-
larity since May. Other well known 
past performers, such as No Doubt, 
reached mainstream success when 

they released their “Tragic Kingdom” 
album and “Just a Girl” single a year 
after their 1994 Sun God performance.

“I feel pretty confident about the 
direction we are going, and I think 
the students are going to be excited,” 
Hsueh said.

The committee expressed some 
concerns regarding health and safety 
at the festival, focusing primarily on 
drinking and party life at The Village 
transfer student housing.

“That’s the biggest challenge with 
us — the accountability measures,” 
Hsueh said.

Hsueh discussed the issue of stu-
dents missing music and events due to 

intoxication and drinking early in the 
day. ASCE pushed back the festival’s 
start time this year in attempt to keep 
students from drinking during early 
hours before the festival. ASCE hopes 
that its “Don’t Miss the Music” cam-
paign will help and encourage students 
to be safe and responsible on and off 
the festival field this year.

ASCE is currently in the process 
of creating new ways to enhance and 
encourage safety at this year’s Sun God 
Festival, with the possibility of a stu-
dent volunteer program.

ASCE Hopes to Bring More Up-and-Coming Artists to Festival

readers can contact
sarah  moon     smoon@ucsd.edu 

▶ sun God, from page 1

pHOTO bY JaKE dOMbOVarY/Guardian

In continuing my lifelong effort 
to prove Murphy’s Law, I walked 
into the wrong classroom yesterday 
morning and sat there for a solid 
10 minutes before realizing that I’d 
never seen the professor, the books, 
or my fellow students before.

So when I walked into the forum 
last night and saw only a handful 
of strangers, I 
couldn’t help but 
think, “You’ve 
gotta be kidding 
me.”

Turns out, 
I was just early, and the meeting 
began with its usual pomp and cir-
cumstance.

Special presentations kicked 
off with graduate students Laura 
Pecenco and Marina Garrett pre-
senting on behalf of Students Saving 
the Crafts Center. Before the center 
closed due to University Centers’ 
budget concerns, it provided courses 
in a smorgasbord of artistry, and 
according to Garrett, it was the 
cheapest place to blow glass in prob-
ably the whole country.

Garrett argued that the value of 
the Crafts Center far superseded the 
constraints of UCEN’s bottom line.

“We want UCSD students to 
become leaders in the future,” 
Garrett said. “So we need to provide 
them with a variety of opportunities 
to help prepare them for life.”

The presentation further pro-
vided testimonials on behalf of the 
center from current and former 
students, one of which included a 
story of two Triton lovebirds who 
fashioned their wedding rings at the 
Crafts Center.

This little anecdote enticed a 
major “Aw…” from council.

A.S. President Meggie Le also 
presented about the university’s 

Master Space Agreement, seeking 
input from council members about 
how A.S. Council should relate to 
the campus co-ops in the future.

After meeting with representa-
tives from the co-ops, from UCEN, 
and from GSA, Le proposed a series 
of changes to the MSA regarding 
council’s role in the co-ops’ certifi-

cation and con-
tinuation. These 
changes would 
increase the level 
of oversight that 
council has and 

would require them to support the 
co-ops as much as possible, as long 
as the issues continue to be in the 
students’ best interests.

AVP College Affairs Leonard 
Bobbitt disagreed with the exten-
sive rules set forth by the proposed 
changes to the MSA.

“I think it puts an unnecessary 
burden on us,” Bobbitt said. “It’s not 
our job to be whistleblowers.”

Rules Committee prompted 
serious debate with the suggestion 
to separate campus slates from col-
lege slates for future elections. A.S. 
Council voted to discuss the matter 
in a moderated caucus, as opposed, 
apparently, to freewheeling mayhem.

Council members on both sides 
of the issue worried about poten-
tially dividing the student body, or 
leaving students who wouldn’t nor-
mally participate out of the political 
process.

But it was AVP Student Affairs 
Elizabeth Garcia who boldly put 
forth the dirty truth.

“Nobody cares about these elec-
tions except the people running,” 
she said.

After another round of moder-
ated goodness, council voted to table 
the issue until next week.

Council Talks Separating 
Slates; Co-op Certification

aleksandra  konstantinovic 
akoNSta@ucsd.edu

new  business



4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

OPINION contact the editorhilary leeopinion@ucsdguardian.org

S’long chief !Gone will be the calls to “Lay off Yudof!” and the endearing paintings 
of the feces-smeared Mark G. “Poo-dof.” 
UC President Mark G. Yudof announced 
last Friday that he will step down from his 
position at the end of the summer. Yudof, 
who has been president since 2008, has 
had quite an eventful stint at the helm of 
the nation’s largest (and best, if we can be 
impartial) university system.

As president, Yudof oversaw a series of 
budget cuts, tuition hikes, library closures 
and student protests and received the stu-
dent-given fecal nickname as punishment 
for the poor state of the UC system. 

Negative sentiments toward the 
68-year-old will linger long after the 
search committees finalize an appointment 
and the inevitably over-paid replacement 
takes over.

It’s not a secret that the UC system has 
seen some really difficult times recently. 
Tuition is essentially double what it was in 
2007, even though students and their par-
ents lost jobs or saw smaller paychecks in 
the same period. Never in California’s his-
tory has attending a UC been harder than 
in the years during and after the Great 
Recession.

But why the anger directed at Yudof 
himself? Many were angry that the UC 
Board of Regents voted to increase student 
fees every year between 2008 and 2011. 
Others were enraged that Yudof took an 
annual salary of nearly $600,000 a year 

while many students were forced to take 
out five-digit loans just to be able to pay 
tuition. At UCSD, campus-specific budget 
cuts forced the shutdown and consolida-
tion of major libraries in 2011.

Yudof ’s salary is nowhere near the 
highest in the nation for heads of pub-
lic school systems. According to The 
Chronicle of Higher Education, the 
nation’s top salaries for university presi-
dents exceed $1 million (the winner, E. 
Gordon Gee of The Ohio State University 
makes nearly $2 million including bonus-
es). 

Yudof oversees 10 campuses — 
Virginia Tech president Charles W. Steger 
brings home over $730,000 a year for 
overseeing one. What’s more, Yudof ’s suc-
cessor as chancellor of the University of 
Texas system, Francisco G. Cigarro, makes 
$750,000 a year.

It’s apparent that the former law profes-
sor was not here just for the money. While 
not quite as valiant as the $1 salary that 
former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger took 
during the rRecession, Yudof could have 
been making significantly more money 
elsewhere.

Tuition hikes hurt everyone, especially 
the middle class. While it was impossible 
for Yudof to unilaterally decide to raise 
student fees, he was the face of the regents 
during a tough time for students. 

But Yudof also oversaw the launch of 

The End of  an Era

Although the University of California 
didn’t have the greatest five years 

under Yudof ’s leadership, the 
resigning president worked behind 
the scenes to make attending a UC 
campus more affordable for low-

income students.

Good news: Students relying on the Arriba 
and Nobel shuttles will not have to hitch-
hike to and from campus. Instead of shutting 
down as was previously feared, the free UCSD 
Cityshuttles will be absorbed by the San Diego 
Metropolitan Transit Services in a move to 
increase fiscal sustainability. This comes along 
with other changes that UCSD Transportation 
Services will implement in July 2013 — most 
notably, a new user fee-based bus system in 
place of the current subsidized Bus Zone. The 
move is as seamless a transition as students can 
ask for: while commuters will no longer be able 
to ride MTS buses for free, they will still be able 
to access the same routes  — and more — with 
partial subsidization by UCSD.

Students currently need only to flash the 
gold foil sticker on their ID cards to catch free 
rides on MTS routes such as the 201/202, 30 
and 41, but UCSD can no longer fully pay for 
this. The percent of commuters to campus 
is up to 59 percent from 34 percent in 2001, 

amounting to roughly 31,000 students and staff 
according to the SustainUCSD website. UCSD 
Transportation Services accumulated a $2.1 
million deficit in the past year alone. In spite of 
this, Transportation Services has been as accom-
modating as possible.

Starting this summer, the Bus Zone will 
be phased out for a new MTS Regional Pass, 
which UCSD will subsidize up to 50 percent for 
the first year. Students will gradually be eased 
out of the subsidy with a 15 percent decrease 
in help each year. The pass covers more areas 
than our current Bus Zone — students will gain 
access to local, urban and express bus and trol-
ley routes throughout San Diego. Adding free 
trolley fare is one of the most positive aspects of 
these changes. Using public transit farther away 
from campus on the weekends can be costly, as 
service is more limited than during the week-
days. For example, going the short distance from 
downtown San Diego to Old Town on a Saturday 
requires multiple trolley transfers, which, at 

$2.50 for a one-way ticket, quickly adds up. 
If UCSD administration has learned anything 

from recent years, it’s that students vehemently 
oppose any sort of student fee referendum. The 
proposed $8-per-quarter referendum to save 
CLICS along with the D-1 referendum which 
held a chance of costing undergraduates $495 
per year were both shot down last year. The new 
transit pass comes in place of a student fee ref-
erendum that would, more likely than not, have 
been put to bed anyway. Transportation Services 
made its decision to offer a pass after compre-
hensive phone surveys in May 2012 of over 
4,600 students, faculty and staff found that 65 
percent preferred a user fee-based system over 
the possibility of additional student fees. 

Another upside: due to overwhelming feed-
back from the survey, campus shuttles will 
remain free. This means that wheel-less students 
need not beg their parents for cars over Spring 
Break: It will still be more cost-effective to 
“dump the pump” for public transit.

Arielle Sallai
Editor in ChiEf

ren Ebel
Madeline Mann

MAnAging EditorS

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Zev hurwitz
nEwS Editor

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San diego. Contents © 

2012. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of regents, the aSUCSd or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

Bus Changes Mean Students Can Access More Routes

It’s A 
Syllabus, 
Not The 
Constitution

eDiTOrialS

As students at UCSD, we come to expect unnecessary tough love. It’s not just the brohibi-
tionist alcohol policies — too often, 
we’re asked to deal with you-can’t-
take-the-class-you-need-to-graduate 
kinds of situations.

Just last week, a tenured profes-
sor looked me in the eye and told 
me it didn’t matter that I would be 
gone for a medical school interview; 
I’d have to drop his class because he 
doesn’t offer make-up midterms. 
Hadn’t I read the syllabus? If this 
were a rare occurrence, NBD. But 
unfortunately, I think his stance is 
indicative of how poorly our campus 
meets student needs — he’s not the 
only professor to give me that answer 
this quarter. 

Take the two-pass enrollment 
system, which limits how many 
classes we can get into. This change 
affects our college experience way 
more than any A.S. election ever will 
(though granted, not as much as the 
beer prices at Porter’s). Yet before 
two-pass enrollment went into effect, 
there was no student vote to see how 
we felt about the change, nor were 
we given the choice of opting out. 

As students at a massive public 
school, we shouldn’t expect the kind 
of individualized attention avail-
able at liberal arts colleges. But it’s 
absurd that every bio major knows 
there is a strict no-exception policy 
when it comes to getting into a full 
class or waiving prereqs. Extenuating 
circumstances and non-traditional 
students shouldn’t be treated as a 
burden that can’t be accommodat-
ed—they add diversity to our student 
body. 

Professors and administrators 
can easily forget that we as students 
chose to attend this university. 
And while we technically decide 
what classes we take, often it’s only 
because some demigod administra-
tor set up graduation requirements, 
scheduled the course and thus tacitly 
forced us to take it.

I mean, if I could change up the 
status quo, first I would revamp how 
big-lecture teachers are given their 
gigs. I’d maximize the number of 
students that can take the incredible 
teachers like Dr. Albizati in organic 
chemistry. I’d listen to students when 
it comes to finding out who these 
teachers are — a student enrolled 
in a teacher’s class certainly knows 
more about her teaching style than 
the people setting up class schedules. 
I’d reinstate in-classroom assess-
ments and put upperclassmen on 
committees that decide on teaching 
schedules for the following year. 

Next, I’d revamp our formalized 
student rights, which are outlined in 
the Student Conduct Code. A profes-
sor’s syllabus shouldn’t be treated as 
absolute law if it’s outright unfair to 
students. How professors distribute 
their grades might also be worth 
spelling out. No way does a bio stu-
dent taking professors who only give 
15% of their students an A have it 
the same as a fratstar who takes all 
of Dr. Magagna’s classes—a professor 
renowned for giving upwards of 97 
percent A’s. 

After all, UCSD is all about pimp-
ing out the academic experience. 
Maybe somebody should petition 
the academic senate — it’s one of our 
rights as students. But it won’t be me. 
I’m going to be busy studying on a 
red-eye back from my interview. 

See Yudof, page 9

brad  segal jsegal@ucsd.eduBro's  eye  view

i llustrati on   by  j effrey  lau



Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts   &   Entertainment   Editor:   entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle   Editor:   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

t
his Saturday, The Loft at UCSD (for those 
unfortunately still not acquainted, it’s located 
on the second floor of Price Center) will host 
Los Angeles duo El Ten Eleven. Although 

they’ve played at UCSD several times in the recent 
past (most notably in the KSDT Radio studio), this 
news is doubtless exciting for post-rock fans across 
UCSD’s campus.

What is post-rock? A definition would probably 
help before we get started. In the 1990s, a musical 
movement began to surface that centered on the use 
of traditional rock instrumentation in music that was 
emphatically nontraditional. The movement centered 
on bands like Cul de Sac or Tortoise,” and would 
later expand to include groups like Sigur Ros. But 
the defining feature of the music was essentially the 
same: the use of shimmering, drawn-out rock instru-
ments (especially guitar, bass and drums) in music 
that achieved a much more atmospheric feel than 
what the radio had to offer.

El Ten Eleven fits squarely into this tradition. The 
Los Angeles-based duo has been making post-rock 
music for the last decade or so. Kristian Dunn han-
dles bass while Tim Fogarty plays both acoustic and 
electronic drums, but their music is hardly limited 
by their size. Using extensive looping, El Ten Eleven 
is able to create a sound far fuller than its minimal 
membership suggests.

Taking their name from the Lockheed L-1011 
TriStar passenger aircraft, El Ten Eleven formed in 
Los Angeles in 2002. The duo waited a couple of 
years before releasing its self-titled debut album in 
2005. While not quite critically lauded, that album 
secured El Ten Eleven’s position in a lineage of bands 

making soft-focus, emotionally resonant instrumen-
tal rock music at the turn of the millennium. The 
album also caught the attention of venerable New 
Jersey indie label Bar/None Records, once home to 
indie titans like Yo La Tengo and Tindersticks. The 
band released its next album (and all albums since) 
on the label. 

As the band moved through the tumultuous post-
millennial indie scene, its music began to expand 
in scope, encompassing more complex math-rock 
influences as well as the kind of delicate electronic 
textures adored by recent post-rock bands. Through 
all this, the band has retained a breezy melodicism 
that has made it a favorite on college campuses and 
among more casual listeners.

However, El Ten Eleven’s recorded music is not 
enough to describe the band’s work. The duo’s art-
istry is especially evident in live shows. Despite the 
importance of looping and separate tracks in their 
music, the band generally doesn’t use laptops dur-
ing shows, relying instead on foot pedals and other 
effects. This onstage freedom allows them to be much 
more energetic than those bands tied to a computer. 
They also improvise heavily throughout their shows, 
making each concert unique and keeping their mate-
rial fresh.

It seems cliche to say that this is a band you need 
to see live, but it’s true: El Ten Eleven is a solid studio 
band. Nothing more. But onstage, they’re something 
more — something transcendent.

readers can contact
sebastian  brady     sebrady@ucsd.edu 

Your TV 
Heroes Are 
Watching 
TV Too

s omewhere in America there are two rooms occupied by social outcasts sitting around a 
table and talking about what they’ve 
watched on television. In one room, 
they discuss sitcoms and Bill Murray 
movies. The occupants come from 
different walks of life, but they are 
united by their desire for self-actual-
ization. In the other, the conversation 
is about the activities of terrorists 
the occupants are monitoring. This 
table is darkly lit and everyone sit-
ting around it shares a single-minded 
pursuit of the “bad guys” and all the 
physical and emotional complications 
that come with it. The other thing 
both rooms share is that they are the 
settings of two of the best television 
shows to air in decades 

“Community” is finally returning 
to NBC’s Thursday line-up on Feb. 7 
because of how it’s managed to craft 
the most enjoyable sitcom universe 
this side of “The Simpsons.” The 
other show,“Homeland,” breaks the 
Showtime mold in its pilot episode 
and jump-starts its season as must-
see-TV. Both use their settings to 
explore our relationship with culture 
and television. 

 “Community” follows the mem-
bers of a community college study 
group who navigate the perilous 
waters of their ridiculous college day 
in and day out. Created by comedic 
evil genius Dan Harmon, the char-
acters are such a fascinating mix of 
humanity and absurdity that the show 
is entirely unpredictable.  

Season one of “Homeland” rock-
eted through the television landscape 
to win every major award around. The 
relationship between the US Marine 
prisoner of war (Damian Lewis) 
rescued from a hole in Afghanistan 
and the bipolar CIA agent (Claire 
Danes) who believes him to be a ter-
rorist is complicated not only because 
of its many twists and turns but also 
because it always stays true to the 
realities of their respective situations. 
Season two ended with more tension 
than ever and set the slate for a new 
creative high point in season three.

What unites these disparate yet 
critically acclaimed series is that they 
embrace the emotional consequences 
of their misguided protagonists 
and how that is reflected through 
the act of watching television. On 
“Homeland,” we examine Damian 
Lewis’s every move through our tele-
vision screens to deduce whether he is 
in fact a terrorist. What’s so interesting 
is that Claire Danes is right there with 
us, planting bugs in Lewis’s house to 
watch him as well. Even outside of the 
investigation, “Homeland” is defined 
by how its fractured characters’ dis-
trust in their professional lives bleeds 
into their personal lives, until the two 
become an overwhelming mix of con-
flicting rational and emotional influ-
ences. They spend their days watching 
terrorists, co-workers and their own 

rusteen   honardoost rhonardo@ucsd.edutv uber  alles

See tv, page 8

Pedal to the Un-Metal

BY  sebastian  brady  a&E Editorial assistant   photo   courtesy  of  dave  Lichterman 



6   THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG Arts & EntErtAinmEnt

FREE
 for U

CSD 
Stud

ents

PRESENT& HOMEPLATE

ASCE.UCSD.EDU
For more information, contact ASCE 

at avpconcerts@ucsd.edu or (858) 534-0477

Monday, January 28
7-10pm at Home Plate

(( REVERB ))
open mic night

FREE for UCSD Students with valid student ID

Interested performers can send an email to 
avpconcerts@ucsd.edu with the act, duration, and 
preferred time slot to guarantee performance. 

Bands must register in advance. Walk-ups welcome!

ALBum  rEviEw

Crystal-clean production marks avant-pop beauty. 
Directed by Kim Jee-Woon
Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Forest Whitaker, Johnny Knoxville
rated R
release Date January 18th
D

the  Last  stand
FiLm  rEviEw

Schwarzenegger’s back from Sacramento and tired as hell. 

P ublic office is infamous for turn-ing even the most charming of figures into decrepit husks — 
even President Obama hasn’t been 
able to avoid this anti-fountain of 
youth. But for Schwarzenegger it’s 
been especially damning because of 
how important his physique was to all 
of his characters. While he may still 
be more menacing than your grand-
father, watching Schwarzenegger un-
ironically don the badass lone-wolf 
persona this late in the game can only 
compare unfavorably to his past roles. 

The anticipation for 
Schwarzenegger’s first big action 
vehicle has been surprisingly high 
among the viewing public, but there 
is a reason why you’re reading about 
it now and not in the summer, when 
all the real action heroes come out to 
play. Don’t get me wrong, there are 
plenty of guns, fast cars and explo-
sions to keep you from falling asleep 
(due solely to loudness), but it’s all so 
numbed in cliches that it’s impossible 
to watch.

Even past his prime, 
Schwarzenegger looked like a mon-
ster that could rip your head off and 
play football with it. While he’d still 
look out of place in a nursing home, 
Arnold is as unfit for this leading role 
as Clint Eastwood was onstage at the 
Republican National Convention.

In “The Last Stand,” 
Schwarzenegger’s Sheriff Ray Owens 
is a tough Los Angeles police officer 

before a mission gone wrong cripples 
his partner and his self-esteem. 
Resigning himself to a sleepy town 
right on the edge of the US-Mexico 
border (clearly your first choice of 
residence when you want to get away 
from all that messy drug violence), he 
and the townspeople get more than 
they bargained for when a recently 
escaped cartel leader makes a getaway 
for the drug safe haven known as 
Mexico. A good action movie should 
have an unpredictably evil villain to 
fight against its ever-persevering hero. 
“The Last Stand” has what you don’t 
want: a villain who spends the entire 
movie talking to himself about how 
amazing he is, and a hero who can 
do no wrong, even when he’s over 60 
and still fighting after he’s been awake 
for over 24 hours without so much as 
a nap.

Director Kim Ji-woon made a 

name for himself in his native South 
Korea through a mix of bizarrely 
entertaining films (like “The Good, 
The Bad, and the Weird”) and 
exceptionally poignant ones (“I 
Saw the Devil”). It’s a shame then 
that “The Last Stand” is neither of 
those things. Maybe it’s because it 
is his first American film, but it all 
feels despondently ordinary. Even 
Schwarzenegger’s bulky presence can’t 
fill the hole in this movie, leaving 
something as emotionally rich as the 
death of a young deputy as hollow as 
the chamber of an unloaded gun.

Although the movie is crammed 
with great character actors to fill 
out its supporting roles, even they 
can’t make much out of the mate-
rial. Luis Guzman (“Boogie Nights,” 
“Community”), Forest Whitaker 

See last stand, page 8

u ntogether,” the new album by Montreal electropop duo Blue Hawaii, is slated for release by 
rising Canadian mainstay Arbutus 
Records. Over the last couple of 
years, Montreal’s Arbutus has 
established itself as one of the 
most important showcases of the 
increasingly widespread pool of 
talented musicians emerging from 
the city. Best known for the now-
mega-popular Grimes, the label is 
also home to artists like Doldrums, 
Majical Cloudz, and the criminally 
underrated TOPS. Sharing with 
those bands a sense of delicate 
romanticism as well as a willing-
ness to experiment, Blue Hawaii 
craft cerebral computer-based pop 
music in the vein of bands like The 
xx and AlunaGeorge.

The band’s approach is clearly 
displayed on the two-part “In 
Two” suite: Over stuttering, 4/4 
house beats, singer Raphaelle 

Standell-Preston (also of emerg-
ing Montreal band Braids) coos 
Bjork-like melodic lines that are 
cut up in the manner of UK dance 
music. Throughout the album, 
this process is employed on tracks 
that range from college radio-
friendly indie pop to full-on club 
compositions. The album’s most 
persuasive strength is that it simply 
sounds gorgeous. The production is 
immaculate, with vocals, synthesiz-
ers, and thundering sub-bass cas-
cading around each other with pre-
cision. At the same time, the duo’s 
melodies are surprisingly strong: 
Tracks like the borderline-pastoral 
“Try to Be” are as catchy as they 
are aurally impressive, representing 
a melodic edge that separates the 
band from the hordes of electronic 
musicians currently in operation.

— Andrew  whitworth
Associate A&E Editor

The Guardian

For more info...
email web@ucsdguardian.org

We're
looking for a
webmaster!

 isn't just for writers.

"untogether"
by  blue  hawaii
release Date March 4
7/10



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG     7LIFESTYLE

i spent my winter break pondering what I could bring to the table for the inaugural edition of “That’s 
What She Said” — I knew it had to 
be more than just some standard 
IKEA manual of Tab A and Slot B 
business, but I wasn’t sure where 
to begin. It had to be something 
people should know about, that 
might open a door for somebody, 
somewhere. Then one morning 
while getting ready, I mentioned 
to my boyfriend that I thought I 
might be starting my period soon, 
and that he and I would just have 
to deal with it if we wanted to really 
take advantage of our time together 
over winter break. He looked at me 
with something like fear in his eyes 
and said, “Are you sure you can do 
that?” It was then that I realized 
what I should do.

Yes, ladies and gentlemen, you 
can have sex while on your period. 
Some of you have already discov-
ered this at some point, I’m sure, 
but to the rest: Open your minds 
and your calendars. First off, I 
know there are some people out 
there who are wrinkling their noses 
at this because just the idea of all 
that mess is terrifying. I’ll let you in 
on a little secret: It’s really not that 
messy. Sure, I can’t recommend you 
try the girl-on-top position unless 
you’re feeling pretty metal that 
day — you’d be better off with the 
female partner on her back — but 
otherwise, a towel folded under the 
hips will do. Or better yet, you can 
take the easy way out, like I did, 
and hop in the shower. No mess 
to clean up, and nothing to throw 
in the laundry. Plus, shower sex is 
pretty rad on its own — but that’s 
something to touch on at another 
time.

There are a lot of reasons to give 
period sex a try. Sometimes it’s just 
a necessity since Mother Nature 
waits for no man and you can’t 
always afford to hold up. Along 
with that, though, there are some 
outright benefits for the ladies too. 
Orgasm and the huge amount of 
endorphins that come with it can 
ease cramps and improve your 
mood. There’s even evidence that 
it can shorten your periods, too. 
Not to mention being able to take 
advantage of the simple fact that 
around their time of the month, 
many women get pretty horny.

I’m no exception to the extra 
hormones in my system, and that 
combined with the limited time 
frame made the idea all the more 
appealing to me. Luckily enough, 
my boyfriend is willing to try any-
thing once, so we didn’t hit any 
personal roadblocks with the idea 
once I had cleared up that yes, it 
is totally possible. I already knew 
I wasn’t going to be interested in 
changing the sheets or possibly 
staining a perfectly good towel, so 
right off to the shower we went. 
Little foreplay was required; blood 
makes everything smooth enough. 
Compensating for our height dif-
ference was more difficult in the 
shower, but I found I was able to 
reach orgasm without much of 
a problem once we actually got 
started. He was no doubt grate-
ful for this, as I’m willing to bet 
that the bent-kneed stance he had 
to keep up for a bit was probably 
not the most comfortable. Just as 
advertised, it took the edge off of 
my cramps. It also made me more 
cheerful, but I’m not sure if that’s 
because of the special nature of the 
situation or just because well, hey, 

Taking 
Away the 
Taboo of  
Period Sex
that's what she said

Behold, America! 
Three San Diego art museums  collaborate for the first time on an American art history exhibition 

based on three different themes  — Figures, Forms and Frontiers .

L et’s be frank: The topic of sex lost its taboo the moment we set our bags down in the tiny 
triples and our RAs handed us a 
fistful of condoms. Even if only 
one-fourth of the confessions on the 
“UCSD Confessions” Facebook page 
are true, there’s plenty of it going on. 
And while youth is certainly as good 
a time as ever to go “exploring,” we 
can only hope the not-so-innocent 
fun doesn’t end up being the cause 
of any long-term inconveniences — 
not when Student Health Services 
offers a long list of resources at 
little-to-no cost for students.

UCSD’s Student Health Services 
stands on a hill right off of Library 
Walk, and the old-looking wooden 
building is easy to ignore. But upon 
walking in, one notices that the 
inside is a labyrinth of corridors and 
rooms with health care providers, a 
pharmacy desk and cubicles closed 
off to ensure privacy for sheepish 

students as they talk to professionals 
about their health concerns.

Erica Okamura, who has served 
as a peer health education coordi-
nator since 2009, explains the pur-
pose of the Sexual Health subset of 
Student Health Services.

“We want to provide students 
with information that they can 
use or information they let their 
friends know to practice safer sex,” 
Okamura said. “Even if a student is 
abstinent, we want to provide infor-
mation that they can use later on if 
they decide to be sexually active.”

Student Health Services also 
employs the help of student volun-
teers, or Student Health Advocates, 
who are trained extensively on 
birth control methods, sexually 
transmitted infections and safer 
sex, to disseminate information 
and educate peers. The center itself 
also offers free information sessions 
that students can attend without an 

appointment, in the clinic itself and 
occasionally in The Zone. 

Okamura says she would like to 
see the sessions utilized more.

“We would definitely love to see 
more students coming into our sex-
ual health sessions,” Okamura said. 
“It’s a really good comprehensive 
review of what you need to know 
about safer sex and birth control.”

For many students, the most 
pressing concern when seeking birth 
control or prevention and treatment 
for sexually transmitted infections 
is the cost. To access the resources 
provided by SHS, one needs to be 
enrolled as a student. While it is not 
a requirement of students to have 
UCSD’s Student Health Insurance 
Plan, having SHIP lowers the cost 
of services like appointments with 
medical providers or prescription 
birth control.

“If a student has SHIP, a lot of 
that is going to be low-cost or free. 

If you don’t have SHIP, we still try to 
make that as affordable as possible 
for students,” Okamura said.

SHIP, which costs undergraduate 
students $385.46 per quarter and 
graduate students $594 per quarter, 
completely covers all FDA-approved 
generic contraceptive prescription 
drugs and devices. Birth control pills 
used to be available to SHIP recipi-
ents with a $15 copay, but since last 
year, when SHIP chose to adhere 
to the Affordable Health Care for 
America Act, that copay was elimi-
nated. And for students without 
SHIP, rates start at $20 per month. 
With SHIP, emergency contracep-
tives, like the morning-after pill, 
are available for as little as $10, and 
without SHIP, $20. In comparison, 
morning-after pills at drugstores like 
CVS usually cost $50 with the addi-
tion of tax. 

See What she said, page 8

sitE  sEEn

F or museum directors, organiz-ing a unique art exhibition is quite a tedious process — but 
seven years is certainly a long time. 
In a process that dates back to 2005, 
the San Diego Museum of Art, the 
Timken Museum of Art and the 
Museum of Contemporary Art San 
Diego came together to share ideas, 
resources and artworks for this single 
unprecedented project.  
       These three San Diego art 
museums collaborated for the first 
time together to bring an exquisite 
exhibition, “Behold, America!: Art of 
United States from Three San Diego 
Museums.” With each museum inter-
nationally known for its permanent 
collections and exhibitions, these 
institutions created a three-museum 
venue for the exhibition to show their 
finest American works. The exhibi-
tion offers the public an opportunity 
to examine the sweeping changes in 
the United States over three centu-
ries – from the colonial period to the 
present. A vast number of unique 
paintings, sculptures and photo-
graphs were brought together to 
demonstrate how national and indi-
vidual identities have developed over 
the American art history. “Behold, 
America!” is grouped into three main 
sections — “Figures,” “Forms” and 
“Frontiers.” Each museum shows 

works from all three collections as it 
embraces one of the three themes. 
    “Figures,” opened at the San 
Diego Museum of Art, celebrates the 
human form by displaying distinctive 
collections of early American portrai-
tures. Some of the most notable early 
artists in the history of American art, 
like Thomas Sully, are displayed har-
moniously with contemporary artists 
like Cindy Sherman and John Currin. 
       At the Timken Museum of Art, 
the artworks of traditionalist art-
ist Raphaelle Peale and prominent 
American modernists Georgia 
O’Keeffe, Arthur Dove and Stuart 
Davis examine “Forms.” The works 

range from the early 19th-century 
traditional still lifes to more avant-
garde interpretations to reveal the 
pioneering steps that American art-
ists took with their art. 
       The Museum of Contemporary 
Art San Diego presents “Frontiers,” 
focusing on the vibrant natural 
beauty of the landscape of the United 
States. The artists include revered 
American painters, Albert Bierstadt 
and Asher Brown Durand along with 
mid-century modernists John Sloan 
and Marsden Hartley, as well as 
many contemporary artists. 
       In this dynamic art exhibi-
tion, the venues also show works 

of additional artists, which include 
Eastman Johnson, Thomas Eakins, 
Mary Cassatt, Andy Warhol and Sol 
LeWitt.  
       “Behold, America!” e-tickets 
are available for $20 (a $2 savings). 
While individual tickets for the 
Museum of Contemporary Art San 
Diego and the San Diego Museum 
of Art must be purchased for a small 
price, the Timkena Museum of Art 
always offers free admission. The 
exhibition will be held only until 
February 10th.

readers can contact
Ash ley  kwon  j6kwon@ucsd.edu

“No Glove, No Love” or “Wrap it Up.” Whatever you want to 
call it, just make sure you’re taking the steps to be sexually 

responsible. Take advantage of the resources available at UCSD.

College Sex

By Ash ley  kwon  Lifestyle Associate

BY  mina nilchian Senior Staff Writer 
i llustrati on   by J effrey Lau

See sexual health, page 8

Lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org



families and then try to understand 
what they just saw. 

Likewise, the characters on 
“Community” are allowed to observe 
and comment on one another for 
similar reasons but with different 
results. Someone is always watching 

someone else at Greendale, and any 
joke will be followed by someone else 
trying to top it. It’s all fun and games, 
but it reflects greater emotional dam-
age on the part of the students at 
Greendale Community College. They 
are each trapped in their own per-
sonal bubbles, using pop-culture and 
irony as bridges to reach one another. 

From their bubbles, the world is their 
television, and like us they want to be 
emotionally connected as the biggest 
fans are to their favorite characters.

Claire Danes relates to us as an 
audience because we are all wary of 
each other’s intentions given lim-
ited information provided to us. 
The Greendale Seven use humor 

as a means of connecting with one 
another in the same way; their 
humor allows us to create our own 
alliances with fictional characters. 
While “Community” does all this 
in an extraordinarily meta fashion, 
“Homeland” proves that a more tra-
ditional format can reflect profoundly 
on its own medium as well.

(“The Last King of Scotland”) and 
Peter Stormare (“The Big Lebowski”) 
all suffer under the weight of their 
less-than-interesting characters. If 
Guzman weren’t always paired with 
an overacting Johnny Knoxville, he 
would be the movie’s standout star. 
Then there’s poor Whitaker, stuck as 

a mundane FBI agent who predict-
ably loses track of the one person he’s 
supposed to keep his one good eye 
on. At least Stormare hams it up with 
a hilarious Southern accent, but when 
he exclaims, “This is getting boring. 
Get the big guns!” he explains all the 
things that make this movie so unre-
markable.

There’s a lot of talk in the news 

nowadays about the culture of vio-
lence in America that allows for so 
much blood to be shed on screen, and 
while there could be an entire book 
written on Arnold Schwarzenegger’s 
role in the action genre, “The Last 
Stand” can’t stand up to anything 
Schwarzenegger has ever made (even 
“Terminator 3”). It’s hard to pin it 
all on any one misfire; it’s not that 

the acting is terrible or the direction 
sloppy, although the script can take 
the bulk of the blame, since it brings 
nothing to the table other than a 
means for Schwarzenegger to remind 
you that he’s serious about this whole 
“movie star” thing again.

— jacey aldredge
Associate A&E Editor

8   THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG lifestyle

it’s an orgasm. And as for any prob-
lems with the view of embarrassing 
flow, the running water made it 
practically unnoticeable, which in 
the end was probably more sooth-
ing to my peace of mind than his.

Other than the addition of a bit 
of unorthodox lubricant, period 
sex isn’t much different from the 
regular version. Just make sure all 
parties are in on the details before 
beginning, because there’s no doubt 
that it would be a nasty surprise. If 
your partner isn’t into it, don’t feel 

discouraged. It’s a new practice for 
a lot of people, and it might take 
some mental prep time to adapt. 
It can take a lot to get over the 
mental block of “dirtiness” during 
menstruation (for both partners), 
but if given a chance, with the 
right precautions, there’s nothing 

dirty about it. Don’t forget to use a 
condom, either; although it’s very 
unlikely, pregnancy is still a remote 
possibility, and so are STIs.

Good luck out there, and stop 
crossing a week out of your planner 
— take back your time and go on a 
new adventure.

You Don’t Have to Rule Out Sex on Your Period if  You Take the Right Precautions

‘Community’ and ‘Homeland’ Find Solace in Their Relatable Anti-Heroes

‘The Last Stand’ Proves It’s Time for Schwarzenegger to Pass the Action Torch 

▶ What she said, from page 7

▶ tv, from page 5

▶ last stand, from page 6

hAvE A drink on us

BEERITo

The Guardian didn’t feel 
like talking to a bartender 
this week, so instead, we 

went through our personal 
drink recipe archives. This 

is our editor-in-chief’s 
choice. 

This isn’t the kind of drink 
you’ll make yourself for a 

night in. This is a party drink 
— the Tex-Mex version of 

jungle juice. Be warned — a 
cup of this doesn’t taste 

very strong, but it will surely 
mess you up. 

INGREDIENTS

6 pack of Corona
1 handle of gold tequila
1 can of frozen limeade 

concentrate

Pour all ingredients into a 
punch bowl. Stir well, serve 
in a red cup, and drink up. 
It’s 5 o’clock somewhere.

— Laira Martin
LifestyLe editor

readers can contact
m i na  m i lch ian     email@ucsd.edu 

Okamura also reminds students 
that all interactions with Student 
Health Advocates or other health 
care providers at the Student Health 
Services remain confidential, unless 
the student presents a harm to him 
or herself or others.

If the subjects of the risky liai-

sons that we read about on the 
UCSD Confessions page don’t know 
about the services offered on cam-
pus, new attempts this year by SHS 
hope to raise awareness.

“We have a student health adver-
tising volunteer, and she’s working 
on finding ways to do that through 
videos on our website, through door 
hangers for the residence halls. She’s 

going to try different ways to catch 
people,” Okamura said.

Student Health Services also 
offers self-directed STI testing as 
well as pregnancy tests that are 
available for free for students with 
SHIP or at a low cost to students 
without SHIP. A full list of services 
is offered, and pricing is available on 
the Student Health Services website. 

Dental dams and condoms can be 
purchased at the pharmacy desk in 
the Student Health Services office, 
and are also available for free in 
a basket by the door. But don’t be 
greedy — the sign politely requests, 
“Please only take two.” 

The University’s Student Health Services Offers a Variety of  Birth Control Options
▶ sexual health, from page 7



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG 9

Dear Editor,
“Our journey is not complete 

until our gay brothers and sisters 
are treated like anyone else under 
the law.” 

President Obama’s second 
inaugural speech rang with a call 
for gay rights. And he celebrated 
the past “through Seneca Falls and 
Selma and Stonewall.”  

AB 1505 (which Gov. Jerry 
Brown recently signed into law) 
mandates that if the federal gov-
ernment reinstates benefits to dis-
charged veterans who were denied 
benefits solely on the basis of sexu-
al orientation, they will thenceforth 
receive California benefits.

Women accounted for 15 per-
cent of all active-duty and reserve 
members of the military but made 
up more than a third of the 619 
people discharged in 2008 because 
of their sexual orientation. 

The disparity was particularly 
striking in the Air Force, where 
women represented 20 percent of 
personnel but 61 percent of those 
expelled in that year. 

According to Department of 
Defense data, over 32,000 service 
members were separated under 
“don’t ask, don’t tell” — Public Law 
103-160 (10 U.S.C. § 654) — and its 
predecessor policies between 1980 
and 2011. Instituted in 1993, DADT 
generally prohibited anyone who 
had sexual, bodily or romantic con-
tact with a person of the same sex 
from serving in the armed forces of 
the United States, and prohibited 
any homosexual or bisexual from 
disclosing his or her sexual orienta-
tion. 

DADT also specified that if a 
gay or bisexual service member hid 

their sexual orientation, command-
ers were not allowed to investigate 
their sexuality. 

Involuntarily separated veterans 
from the military under DADT had 
a discharge that was characterized 
as “dishonorable” or “other than 
honorable” and were/are ineligible 
to receive federal and state veterans’ 
benefits.

Whereas, until well into the 
1990s, when people talked about 
the civil rights of gays in uniform, 
the names of those whose court 
cases would be most frequently 
cited were Tech. Sgt. Leonard 
Matlovich, Miriam Ben-Shalom 
and Ens. James Woodward, Lt. 
“Jay” Hatheway and, within a few 
years, Perry Watkins, according to 
Conduct Unbecoming by Randy 
Shilts, St. Martin’s Press (1993). 

 Therefore be it resolved that 
the Senate of the Associated 
Students of UCSD entreats the 
legislative and judiciary branches 
of the federal government to join 
President Barack Obama in fully 
recognizing the injustice of deny-
ing federal veterans’ benefits to 
those gays and lesbians who were 
involuntarily discharged and so will 
change “thenceforth” to “hence-
forth” on our journey. 

— Richard Thompson
Alumnus ‘83

DEADLINE:  FEBRUARY 1, 2013
Application:  http://students.ucsd.edu/ 

For more information contact:
Sophia Tsai - 858.534.9014 • stsai@ucsd.edu

For more information contact:
Becky Obayashi- 858.534-1067 • scholarships@ucsd.edu

If you are applying for a UCSD Undergraduate
Research Scholarship, be sure to:

1)    Indicate which research scholarships you want to be considered for
2)    Upload your academic history PDF or a transcript
3)    Enter your faculty sponsor name/email address

1)    Complete all areas of the application
2)    Submit 2013-14 FAFSA or CA Dream Application by March 2,

    if you wish to be considered for need based scholarships

If you are applying for UCSD Continuing
Student Scholarship, be sure to:

“Time is Running Out!”

halcyon days By Christie Yi

Yudof  Made Changes to Preserve UC Education’s Affordability 

LETTER To THE EDIToR

Inaugural Speech Holds 
Implications for DADT

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

email: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

several notable campaigns intended 
to help students meet these rising 
costs. 

Under the Blue and Gold 
Opportunity Plan, students with 
family incomes below $80,000 
paid no tuition. UC Vice President 
of Budget and Capital Resources 
Patrick Lenz recently noted that 
half of students at UC campuses 
qualify for the program. The 
Project You Can campaign, an 
initiative begun in 2009 seeking to 
raise $1 billion to help fund stu-
dents and activities, garnered over 
half of its goal amount in private 
donations in only three years.

Additionally, Yudof got behind 

Speaker John A. Perez’s AB 1500 
and 1501 — two bills that would 
have closed a corporate tax loop-
hole on out-of-state businesses to 
fund scholarships for middle class 
students at UC and California State 
University campuses.

 While ultimately unsuccessful 
in Sacramento, Yudof ’s dedication 
to making a UC education afford-
able peeked through the clouds 
of the torrential downpour of fee 
hikes.

Yudof will leave the UC system 
in a promising state. California’s 
budget has finally achieved a sur-
plus, according to Gov. Brown, and 
the freshman class beginning in the 
fall will likely pay the same amount 
as the freshman class of 2011. 

The tides are turning toward 
brighter days in California’s most 
distinguished universities, though 
the term “cautiously optimistic” 
comes immediately to mind. The 
system’s prestige will rely on the 
ability of Yudof ’s successor to 
maintain order during the tran-
sitional period while bringing 
the UC system back toward the 
California Master Plan for Higher 
Education.

The daunting task of picking 
said successor is now up to the 
Board of Regents. We can only 
hope that the replacement can 
improve on the affordability efforts 
that Yudof began and reverse the 
trend of increasing fees that he pre-
sided over.  

▶ Yudof, from page 4



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

ART
MERMAID - 8500.00 MERMAID. Carved 
glass with LED lighting. 82” x 44” x 1”. 
borenstudio@yahoo.com.  Listing 
ID:  47118469 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

ELECTRONICS
Panasonic 20” TV / VCR / FM Radio 
Combination - $30 - Panasonic PV-C2021 
TV. It’s in great condition, has the original 
remote, and I’ll throw in a 25 foot coax 
cable for free. It’s a bit boxy and heavy, 
but the picture quality is still good, and 
it is a decent sized screen. It also has the 
composite cable hookup for video game 
consoles (it worked with my Gamecube). 
Email me if you want to come see it, or if 
you are interested. Listing ID:  47327181 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

The Guardian

For more info...
email web@ucsdguardian.org

We're
looking for a
webmaster!

 isn't just for writers.

Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

nozomilajolla.com

Next to La Jolla Marriott
4150 Regents Park Row, Ste 190 - La Jolla, CA 92037

Best Happy Hour Deals in La Jolla

HAPPY
HOUR :

MON-FRI: 4:30-6:30pm
SATURDAY: 1-5pm

$1.95 SAKE BOMBS
$1 SAKE

30-50% OFF SELECTED ROLLS

Hoya 52mm Ultraviolet UV(0) Filters - $16 - 
NEW Hoya 52mm Ultraviolet UV(0)  Super 
Multi-Coated (S-HMC) Glass Haze Filters. 
I have two at 15.99 each. Questions? 
Listing ID: 47533910 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Like New Sony Digital Cassette Recorder 
NTSC DV-D1000 - $499 - Sony Digital 
Cassette Recorder NTSC DV-D1000 $500 
terrific condition Listing ID:  47533908 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

$75 - The Fujifilm FinePix XP55 14MP 
Digital Camera features a rugged design 
for outdoor fun. Built to withstand what-
ever you throw at it, the XP55 is water-
proof to 5m, shockproof to 1.5m, sealed 
against dust and sand and even works 
in temperatures down to -10 degrees 
Celsius. The bright, clear 2.7\” LCD fea-
tures an anti-reflective coating for excel-
lent visibility, even in full sunlight or 
when shooting underwater scenes. Note: 
Memory card not included. Purchase of 

a memory card is highly recommended. 
Listing ID: 47453726 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

FURNITURE
Deck Chairs, Outdoor, Folding-Solid Wood 
with Canvas - $30 - brooktree ln at lan-
tana FOR SALE. MOVING AT THE END OF 
THE MONTH. MUST CLEAR THESE OUT. 2 
Solid wood outdoor folding deck chairs 
with canvas covers. Excellent construc-
tion. Very comfortable to sit in. Condition: 
Good. These were purchased from Target 
for $50 each. They have some wear. Easy 
to replace canvas. $30 for both. Sorry no 
texting. CASH ONLY If it’s listed, it’s avail-
able. Listing ID:  47533931 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Bombay Dresser/Chest - $130 - 22x46x36’’ 
tall attractive condition. 130.00 firm. 
Listing ID: 47533929 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Nice clean Ikea queen bed - $80 - Nice 
clean Ikea queen size bed with mattress 
and box spring. Sorry no pics posting for 
a friend so please don’t e-mail. Listing 
ID:  47533928 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

PETS
Mini schnoodle puppies - $199 - all males 
mini schnoodle (schnauzer - poodle) mix 
puppies 10 weeks old.up date on shots 
and been dewormed very cute and play-
ful (619)646-2962. Listing ID:  47533940 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

10 Siberian Husky puppies . we have 5 
boys and 5 girls - $300 - We have a litter 
of 10 siberian husky puppies . we have 5 
boys and 5 girls black and white and dark 
grey and white , all babies have brown 
eyes as do mum and dad . parents are 
family pets and these babies have been 
raised in our home. Listing ID:  47533939 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

HOUSING
Free Room for Handyman! - San Diego, 
CA. We are looking for a Handyman to do 
work around our house in exchange for 
a free room. We are part time nudists so 
factor that in please. We will pay for all 
materials & tools. We just need someone 
with the skills & elbow grease. I’m disabled 
& my mate is older gent. We keep to our-
selves. The house is big needs lots of TLC 
so living. Listing ID: 47527943

FEMALE Roommate Wanted! Rent is 
$353.34 a month plus utilities. Apartment 
is located within easy walking distance 
to Arriba and Nobel shuttle stops and 
La Jolla Village Square shopping center, 
and has its own washer and dryer. Room 
comes with adjacent bathroom. Room 
has walk-in closet and small balcony. 
Apartment complex has heated pool, hot 
tub, and business center (all of which are 
free for residents) and a clubhouse. Quiet 
neighborhood. No pets and no smoking 
please. Listing ID: 47506608

Studio - Archstone Harborview - Enhanced 
by the elegance of Mediterranean styling, 
Archstone Harborview fulfills your imag-
es of casual California waterside living. 
Our San Diego community has retained 
the essence of old world charm, recreat-
ing a retreat enriched by the luxuries of 
comfort and convenience in an unparal-
leled downtown location. Great apart-
ments, great service and the amenities 
you deserve. All at a location that’s exact-
ly right, exactly where you want to be. 
Listing ID: 47533825

Summer and Fall Sublet near AICA-SD - We 
have one room available for a 6 month 
lease from July till December 2012. We, 
two female The Art Institute of California-
San Diego students, are looking for a 
AICA-SD student who is graduating in the 
fall. The house is located about 3 miles 
from AICA-SD. This is a beautiful and quiet 
residential neighborhood. The house has 
a large backyard and front lawn, which 
is great, but also means that you would 
have to partake in mowing once in awhile. 
We keep the house nice and decorated. 
The room for sublet has a bigcloset. The 
bathroom will be shared with one other 
housemate. The rent is $500 a month, plus 
utilities (water, trash, internet, gas, elec-
tricity). Contact me for more info. Listing 
ID: 47388185



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG 11

just two healthy pitchers — junior 
Michelle Escamilla and sophomore 
Kayla Hensel. 

 At the plate, it has yet to be seen 
whether UCSD will have enough 
in the box to remain dangerous 
this season, considering UCSD’s 
10–2 loss to Concordia University 
on Wednesday in the 10-inning 
scrimmage. But despite the loss of 
Lesovsky in the leadoff spot, the 
Tritons retain the strong 2011 and 
2012 recruiting classes that pro-
pelled them through the postseason 
last year. Junior All-West Region 
selection Caitlin Brown will likely 
be relied on to continue to pro-
duce at the plate, along with short-
stop Mya Romero — last season’s 
RBI leader. Redshirt sophomore 
Taylor Sepulveda — 2011 NCAA 
All-Tournament team selection — 
returns to the lineup after recovering 
from the injury that sidelined her 
last season.

Additionally, look for sopho-
mores Maria Sykes — finishing the 
2012 season with a .408 on base 
percentage — and Monique Portugal 
to improve on their stellar debut 
seasons. 

The Tritons will go without junior 
designated hitter Charly Swanberg, 
who transferred to play at University 
of San Diego at the beginning of the 
academic year. 

“I think that we have a good 
core of athletes returning and that 
they definitely have the desire, and 
we just have to keep working hard,” 
Gerckens said. “I know that we have 
a lot to improve on, and that’s why we 
had this game [against Concordia] 
to find where our weaknesses are.”

Gerckens says the Tritons bring 
in some big additions that will 
strengthen the lineup, chief among 
them Callie Grant, a left-handed 
hitter who will lead off for the 
Tritons this season. Freshman Katie 

Saunders has also impressed, and 
she may take over as the catcher for 
the Tritons, while McKenna Clewett 
and Amani Proctor will battle with 
Sykes for the second base position.   

“Grant will be great, she’s going 
to be our lead-off hitter,” Gerckens 
said. “I think she will see time in 
the outfield and at third base. She’s 
fast; she has a lot of different tools 
at the plate. She can bunt and also 
hit for power. McKenna Clewett and 
Amani Proctor will fight for a posi-
tion at second base. We’ll see who 
ends up at the position, because it’s 
going to come down to who has the 
best stick. [Proctor’s] a slapper with 
great speed, [Clewett’s] a good solid 
hitter.”

The Annual CCAA Preseason 
Coaches Poll, a survey of the 10 con-
ference coaches, came out Wednesday, 
Jan. 23. The Tritons were picked to 
finish fourth, despite advancing to 
the CCAA title game last season, 
receiving one first place vote for 57 
points. Cal State Dominguez Hills 
was predicted to finish first with five 
first place votes, Cal State Monterey 
Bay was picked to finish second and 
Sonoma State was picked to finish in 
the third spot. 

“Dominguez Hills is a great 
team with two strong pitchers back, 
and when you have pitching, as 
we know, it takes you a long way,” 
Gerckens said. “I don’t know what 
they have offensively, but you don’t 
have to have a lot of offense when 
you have good pitching.”

 Wednesday’s matchup against 
Concordia will serve as the only 
tune-up game before the Tritons 
officially begin the preseason. 
UCSD will host a four-game series 
against Western Oregon University 
next Friday and Saturday, Feb. 1 and 
Feb. 2. 

you’re stranded

safe rides

Registration for Winter Qtr is open!

Register for A.S. Safe Rides online 
at as.ucsd.edu/saferides
A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get  3 FREE rides per quarter. Students 
must register at least 24 hours prior to their first ride. 

just in case...

UCSD Softball Opens Season With Four Game Home Series Against Western Oregon University
▶ SOFTBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
RACHEL UDA     RUDA@ucsd.edu 

photo by nolan thomas/Guardian file



12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, JANUARY 24,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

SPORTS contAct the eDitoRRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org / follow us @UCSD_sports 

INTO THE    FRAY

UCSD conceded an extra-inning 
6–5 loss to No. 11 nationally ranked 
Concordia University last Monday, 
Jan. 21 in its first exhibition game of 
the season.

In the season opener, UCSD head 
coach Eric Newman didn’t deviate 
much from last season’s lineup. The 
only changes seen in the starting 
lineup was the insertion of redshirt 
freshman Corbin Wirta at right field 
in the eighth slot.

Senior All-American Danny 
Susdorf went an atypical 1-for-6 in 
the leadoff spot, while designated 
hitter junior Justin Rahn had an 
exceptional day at the plate. The 
left-hander, who also started three 
innings for the Tritons, went 3-for-4 
and hammered a solo home run in 
the fourth inning.

“I really liked the way a couple 
of our guys swung the bat. [Rahn] 
in particular, really swung the bat 
well,” Newman said to the UCSD 
Athletics Department. “I saw some 
good things in one inning, offen-

sively, where we strung together a 
few at-bats and showed we can be a 
pretty explosive team.”

Newman used the exhibition to 
test the new recruits and got some 
exciting results. 

Junior transfer shortstop Dillon 
Moyer recorded one run in his three 
at-bats, while two-way freshman Troy 
Cruz also went 1-for-3, recording a 
run and an RBI in his first at-bat.

Cruz also numbered among a 
string of underclassmen whom tried 
their hands at closing, following the 
solid performance of junior start-
er Rahn — a southpaw who played 
exclusively in the outfield last season. 

Sophomore transfer Scott Zeman 
was sent out in the seventh to relieve 
senior Richard Kilbury, recording 
three strikeouts in his five batters 
faced. Cruz replaced Zeman in the 
ninth, taking down his three batters 
in order. 

Junior transfer Jordan Goldsmith 
did not fare as well in his turn on the 
mound, walking two batters and let-

ting in the winning run.
“I thought our pitching was really 

good. Our bullpen did a great job,” 
Newman said to the UCSD Athletics 
Department. We put those guys in 
some tough situations, where they 

had to come in with runners in scor-
ing position, and pretty much to a 
man, they came in and did the job.”

The No. 23 Tritons have two 
more exhibition games to work the 
kinks out before their preseason 

series against No. 20 Colorado Mesa 
University.

UCSD will host Cal State San 
Marcos this Friday, Jan. 25 and 
Vanguard University next Tuesday, 
Jan. 29.

UCSD Softball begins new season Friday, Jan. 1.
BY  RACHEL UDA SPorts editor 

photos   by  nolan  thomas

Baseball Loses 6-5 in Extra Innings to Concordia University
BAsEBALL

Tritons drop first exhibition game, UCSD is set to 
host Colorado Mesa and Vanguard next week.

BY  rach el u da  sports editor

This season, the Tritons return with the core of the team that made two consecutive appearances at the College World Series — but there are two exceptions: Neither program 
leader in runs, hits, batting average and RBI Kris Lesovsky nor 
record holder for appearances and strikeouts Camille Gaito will 
return.

UCSD coach Patti Gerckens — headlining the 2012 West 
Region Coaching Staff of the Year — has two big holes to work 
around, with no obvious alternatives in place. In fact, Gerckens 

says the lineup is still very much in a state of flux.
“Out of the nine positions, we have maybe four solidified, and 

we have a week and a half to figure it out,” Gerckens said.
The Tritons, who have operated on the strength of their defense 

in the past two seasons, start 2013 with a dubious bullpen. Freshman 
slingers Hannah Duarte and Alexis Edwards, along with junior 
right-hander Jennifer Manuel are all injured, leaving Gerckens with 

See SOFTBALL, page 11

photo by brian yip/Guardian file


	010713News
	012413ThOpinion
	012413Weekend_ads
	012413ThOpinion
	012413_Classifieds_PG10
	012413Sports

