
VOLUME 46, ISSUE 36 THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 2013 www.UcSDgUARDIAn.ORg

A.s.  COUNCIL

OBITUARY

Council Addresses Divestment

ERC Alum Hit and Killed By Train  

Oscar-nominated actor James Franco and director 
Sam Raimi talk wizards, scorned women and 

creating the new world of Oz.

Friends describe Samir Mathur, 22, who walked for graduation in June as “genuine.”

For the fourth year in a row, councilmembers will address the merits of voting to 
pull funds from companies who do business with Israel.

BY  mekala  neelakantan  associate news editor   photo   by  brian  monroe

Aheated debate took place at A.S. Council’s public input meeting last night in light of an upcoming vote on the controver-
sial Students for Justice in Palestine divestment 
resolution. Approximately 250 people, including 
students and community members, attended the 
meeting at the Institute of the Americas, which 
lasted several hours. 

The resolution, presented by SJP, called for a 
UC-wide financial divestment from General 
Electric, Northrup Grumman and other companies 
that SJP believes are profiting from a “non-neutral” 
and “unethical financial role” in the ongoing Israeli-
Palestinian conflict.

“The purpose of divesting from corporations 
profiting from the illegal siege, blockade and occupa-
tion of Palestine is to signal to these companies that 
we, as students of a public institution, do not con-

done their participation in human rights abuses,” SJP 
wrote in an official statement to the Guardian, after 
declining to participate in individual interviews. 
“Divestment will cleanse our portfolios of unjust and 
socially irresponsible investments by withdrawing 
our institution’s money from American companies 
that profit from occupation and violence.”

This divestment was first proposed by SJP in the 
spring of 2010 and indefinitely tabled by the A.S. 
Campus Affairs Committee after debates between 
SJP and Tritons for Israel, a group in opposition 
to the divestment, failed to result in compromise. 
Following a reintroduction of the resolution in 2011 
that once again postponed the vote, A.S. Council 
made history by voting down the resolution in 2012. 

This year, the resolution has reached council 

A UCSD alumnus 
was killed on Monday, 
Feb. 18 when he was hit 
by a train in Northern 
California. Samir 
Mathur, a 22-year-old 
graduate of Eleanor 
Roosevelt College, 
was struck by a Union 
Pacific Railroad Co. 
freight train in Palo 
Alto, Calif. at 9:30 p.m.

Mathur received a bachelor’s 
degree in cognitive science with a 
specialization in human computer 
interaction and walked for gradua-

tion in June 2012. Mathur’s 
former roommate Rohan 
Kazi said Mathur was plan-
ning on staying at UCSD 
to take enough courses to 
double major.

Mathur was a member 
of the Order of the Tritons. 
He had been in the pro-
cess of creating a marketing 
club at UCSD to bring stu-
dent entrepreneurs together 

because he felt that there were few 
resources for students interested in 
the marketing industry.  

Kazi said that if he had to 
describe Mathur in one word, it 
would be “genuine.” 

“His unfiltered authenticity 
shone through in everything he did, 
whether he was starting an on-cam-
pus organization or organizing an 
off-campus celebration,” Kazi said 
in a eulogy he wrote for Mathur.

T
here may be no place like home, 
but there is a place like hell for 
James Franco.

“When I worked on ‘Spider-
Man’ with [Sam Raimi], I was a sup-
porting character, and Sam identifies 
with his lead characters very closely,” 
Franco said. “Because my character 
was trying to kill Peter Parker, I think 
Sam blamed me for that. I got a little 
less love than Tobey McGuire on those 
films [laughs].”

However, Franco and Raimi’s new-
est collaboration provides a little more 
love for the assiduous actor. Picking up 
the titular role in “Oz the Great and 
Powerful” (opening March 8) amid 
the rest of his schedule shouldn’t come 
as much of a surprise, though. Aside 
from his various stints on daytime 
soaps, graduate studies on both coasts 
and directing fashion ads, Franco’s 
kept up an exhausting shoot schedule 
— by April of this year, he’ll already 
have four films touring the screens. 

Of those four, though, only one 
will recreate the consummate land of 
Oz through the eyes of the infamous 
Wizard (before the illustrious white 
mustache and that giant green mask 
face). Director Sam Raimi and James 
Franco spoke to the Guardian about 
this reimagined world, the inspirations 
behind it and the enigma that is the 
Wonderful Wizard of Oz.

“I drew it all from the great author 
L. Frank Baum [and] his vision of 
Oz,” Raimi said. “I was inspired by the 
[original] illustrator, [W. W.] Denslow, 
so a lot of inspiration was taken from 
his drawings. But I was also inspired by 
the classic movie ‘[The] Wizard of Oz’ 
[and] a lot of the visuals of the movie.”

Finding this middle cinematic 
ground — staying true to the origi-
nal while establishing his own foot-
print — is Sam Raimi’s trademark. 
Raimi’s claims to fame are concoctions 
of moth-eaten horror films customary 
to the garish ’80s and ’90s, eventu-
ally leading up to 2002’s  “Spider-Man.” 
The subsequent trilogy (which fol-
lowed the original Stan Lee source 
material) would seem to be a far cry 
from his thriller alma mater, but by 
incorporating design elements com-
mon in ’50s horror comics, Raimi 
instilled a little something different in 
the franchise. Moving into the domain 
of the Emerald City proved an entirely 
different challenge for Raimi, who cut 
the musical aspect of the film’s Garland 
counterpart in favor of 3-D terrains 
and a focus on the history of the witch-
es and the Wizard himself.

“You want to find the right person 
for the role,” Raimi said. “With Mila 
Kunis’ character, she plays Theodora 
[who] is a good and innocent charac-
ter, so I’m looking for someone who 
could portray that innocence and also 
make a turn for the wicked side. With 
Glinda the Good Witch, the most 
important thing is a source of pure 
goodness. And I needed an actress that 
had a good soul, so suddenly that ruled 
[out] about 90 percent of the actresses 
in Hollywood.”

Michelle Williams fit in that 10 per-
cent, claiming the role of young Glinda 
alongside Rachel Weisz’s malevolent 
Evanora and Kunis’ Theodora. Raimi’s 
representation of “Oz” revolves around 
these three sisters and the consequen-
tial man who stirs up their unresolved 
grudges and scorned womanhoods, 
Oscar “Oz” Diggs. Oscar (Franco), a 
duplicitous magician and con man, 

See DIVESTMENT, page 3

See oz, page 6

Samir mathur
pHOTO cOURTESY OF 

MATHUR FAMILY

BY  rebecca ho rwitz  
associate news editor

BY  Jacey Aldredge 
associate A&E editor

the  2013  anti-oscars
see  weekend  p. 8

readers can contact
rebecca  horwitz   rahorwit@ucsd.edu 

somewhere 
Over Oz  

weekeNd

the  guardian  brings  you  the 
movie  awards  the academy 
wAs too  scared  to  present. 



The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Arielle’s Not Mitzvah.       

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Christina Doo

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising 
Noelle Batema, Vivek Medepalli

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Bobee Kim, Katie Persons, Amber Shroyer, Laura Gama

Arielle Sallai

Madeline Mann
Ren Ebel

Zev Hurwitz

Rebecca Horwitz
Mekala neelakantan

Hilary Lee

Rachel Uda

Ayan Kusari

Stacey chien

Laira Martin

Ashley Kwon

Jacey Aldredge
Andrew whitworth

Brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

Leo Bui
Zoë Mccracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

Associate Lifestyle Editor

Associate A&E Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editors

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Editorial Assistants
Cedric Eicher, Jean Lee, Sebastian Brady

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Rachel Huang,                                   

Jacqueline Kim, Beca Truong

2 T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  F E B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  N e w s

Nicholas Marongiu DDS
UC San Diego alumnus

is having a special for all UCSD students and staff!

Come in for a professional 
cleaning and receive

• Free Exam!
• Free Radiographs!

• Free Teeth Whitening! 

Conveniently located at 
Scripps Memorial Hospital 
Campus, across from the 

UCSD baseball field!

Space is Limited so call “DR NICK” today!!
XiMed Building • 9850 Genesee Ave, Suite 620 • 858-535-8300

ScrippsDentalCare.com

.com/ucsdguardian

Fleeting thoughts By Irene Chiang

Quite Frankly By Lior Schenk

UCSD scientists have discov-
ered that there is a link between 
students who interact together and 
academic success, which creates a 
group of higher-performing stu-

dents. The research revolves around 
these high-performing students, who 
form closed off groups, dubbed “rich 
clubs,” and the effects it has on the 
low-performing students.

Computer scientist at the Jacobs 
School of Engineering in UCSD 

Manuel Cebrian and his colleagues 
conducted the research, which was 
published on Jan. 30 in Nature 
Publishing Group’s Scientific Reports 
journal, after observing 290 students 
and 80,000 interactions. 

“I have been working at the inter-
section of the computer and social 
sciences for the last 10 years, and I 
felt there was a gap in making use of 
social media to understand better the 
structure and dynamics of students in 
the classroom.” Cebrian said.

These observations showed that 
the more interactions a student had 
with other students, the higher the 
score the student received. 

“We showed that there is a very 
strong correspondence between 
social interaction and exchange of 
information — a 72-percent cor-
relation,” Cebrian said. “But almost 
equally interesting is the fact that 
these high-performing students form 
‘rich-clubs,’ which shield themselves 
from low-performing students.”

Even if lower-performing students 
attempt to join the high-performing 
students, the rich-clubs decline to 

include them. This shunning also 
has a correlation with the dropout 
rates among these low-performing 
students.

However, rich-clubs can be ben-

Online Student Interactions Correlate Wwith Academic Suc-
sCIeNCe  &  TeChNOLOgY

BY  h eLeN  h eJ RAN  Staff writer

CorreCtion
In the Feb. 25 issue, Staff Writer 
Aleksandra Konstantinovic’s 
name was misspelled in a story 
on page 1.

In the same issue, an 
infographic on page 12 
incorrectly labeled UCSD’s 
Women’s Basketball team’s 
league as “WWPA.” UCSD 
plays in the CCAA league.

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the 
editors. Send corrections to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org.

ILLUSTRATIOn BY JEFFREY LAU /Guardian

See CLUBS, page 3



eficial in classrooms, if it becomes 
more inclusive to low-performing 
students.

“Our results prove that tension 
is resolved in favor of the “chat” 
and that the students self-organize in 
highly cohesive groups that exchange 
important pieces of information,” 
Cebrian said. “These pieces of infor-
mation, ultimately, are what make 
a difference in the performance of 
students.”

Cebrian suggested that creating 
social networks within classes is a 
good way to close the gaps made 
through the “rich-club” groups.

“This [inclusion] could be done 
by making social network interven-
tions in the classroom, [for exam-
ple] rewarding the top students for 
helping out students that are falling 
behind,” Cebrian said.

Cebrian noted that many educa-
tors are under the impression that 
independent work is more beneficial 
than talking online. In his research, 

the results show that students who 
independently form groups that 
exchange information ends up being 
the key to high performance.

“[The study] shows that the idea 
of the ‘lone genius’ is either a myth, 
or gone,” Cebrian said. “Working as 
a team is — and here, I am speculat-
ing — is more important than having 
a high IQ, hiring a private tutor or 
having educated parents.”

N e w s  T H E  U c S D  g U A R D I A n  |  T H U R S D AY,  F E B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A n . O R g  3

MARCH 2, 2013
Students who are U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents can submit the FAFSA online at: 

Students who are AB540 eligible and who are not eligible to submit a FAFSA, 
can submit the California Dream Act Application at:

www.fafsa.ed.gov

FINANCIAL AID 2013-14
REAPPLY FOR

Priority Deadline for filing the FAFSA or 
California Dream Act Application is:

Use UCSD school code 001317.

Use UCSD school code 001317.www.CalDreamAct.org

If you need assistance, please contact the Financial Aid Office at (858) 534-4480.

If you have not yet completed your 2012 tax return, estimate the amounts and then 
update your estimates once your tax returns are �led.  FAFSA �lers can update using 
the IRS Data Retrieval tool via FAFSA on the web.  California Dream Act Application 

can update your estimates at www.CalDreamAct.org.
   

A.s.  COUNCIL

SOVAC Launches Online Polling Tool  
The OVAL system will allow students to weigh in on resolutions brought to A.S. Council.

In an attempt to make the deci-
sions of A.S. Council more acces-
sible to the general student body, 
Student Organized Voter Access 
Committee has launched a new 
website named the Online Voter 
Access Link. OVAL, according to 
its creators, seeks to especially serve 
those who have time constraints and 
can’t be physically present to offer 
their opinions to Council.

The OVAL website will be con-
nected to SOVAC’s main website 
and will poll students, who log in 
through Single Sign-On, on uni-
versity issues that go before A.S. 
Council. OVAL will tally votes while 
displaying the results in real time so 
students have continuous coverage 
of the issues they are faced with.

“This new program is intended 
to provide all students an equal 
opportunity to voice their opinion 
on issues that A.S. Council will 
address,” newly appointed SOVAC 
President Kyle Heiskala said.

SOVAC’s first resolution that 
UCSD students could vote on 
was the Resolution in Support 
of UC San Diego Corporate 
Accountability through Divestment 
from Corporations Profiting from 
the Illegal Occupation, Siege and 
Blockade of Palestine. Though 
launched on Feb. 25, the resolution 
had some technical issues that caused 
it to be temporarily out of commis-
sion early in the week. According 
to Heiskala, the site was operational 
again on Tuesday.

Heiskala also said that the system 
is in “beta testing” and that some 
unwanted features, such as the abil-
ity for graduate students and alumni 
to participate, were being addressed.

The SOVAC subordinate is 
expected to launch before spring 
quarter begins, just in time to be 
implemented before a new batch of 
council members are elected into 
their terms.

SOVAC seeks to maximize par-
ticipation with OVAL so that it can 
be taken as an accurate measure of 

student opinion.
“It is SOVAC’s hope that this 

will dramatically increase student 
involvement,” Heiskala said.

SOVAC also hopes that in addi-
tion to increasing student involve-
ment, OVAL will also increase stu-
dent awareness. The hope is that 
through OVAL, students will be able 
to learn more about the types of 
issues that our student government 
reviews in general, from the mun-
dane to those of paramount impor-
tance.

While several A.S. executives and 
senators have already been able to 
provide their feedback, Heiskala said 
SOVAC is relying on students to uti-
lize the comments feature of the site 
to help develop it.

“We need feedback to make this 
program work,” Heiskala said. “All 
feedback on the site will be highly 
considered.”

BY  dan i el  song  staff writer

readers can contact
daniel  song     D9song@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
h elen  h ej ran    hhejran@ucsd.edu 

SJP, TFI Will Present at Next A.S. Meeting

once again, released on Sunday of 
Week 8, and is still facing heated dis-
cussion between members of council 
as well as between campus groups 
including SJP, TFI, J Street and the 
Union of Jewish Students.

“I’m here as a student, as a friend 
and as a fellow classmate,” Eleanor 
Roosevelt College freshman Matthew 
Lurie said, during public input last 
night. “I’m here for peace. However, 
the divestment bill we are speaking 
on tonight is not a step in that direc-
tion. This bill is the end of coop-
eration, divisive at its core and in the 
past … it severs any and all ties that 
we have.”

Other students spoke in favor of 
the resolution.

“We, as a public institution, have 
to take accountability blame for the 
continuous support for the apart-
heid occurring abroad,” ERC senior 
Jennifer Christine Mondonado said 
during public input. “UCSD sits and 
colonizes indigenous lands. Israel sits 
and colonizes indigenous lands in 
Palestine … respond to your respon-
sibility. Your duty. Divest now.”

In addition to problems surround-
ing the language of the resolution, 
there have been issues regarding TFI 
and SJP group presentations, as well 
as the resolution’s voting method, 
which is yet to be decided. However, 
voting is scheduled to take place at 
the Week 9 council meeting.

A.S. Council and UJS were espe-
cially concerned with the possibility 
of a secret vote, proposed by Senator 
Sean Estelle over the weekend, after 
concerns arose for the safety of coun-
cil members if an open roll-call vote 
were to take place. 

“For the sake of the mental and/
or physical safety of folks, I think 
that we need to have a serious con-
versation about having a secret 
ballot vote,” Arts and Humanities 
Senator Sean Estelle wrote in an 

email to A.S. Council.
Campuswide Senator Brad Segal 

said that he opposes a secret vote 
because it undermines the demo-
cratic process.

 “As elected officials, we are 100 
percent accountable to our constitu-
ents for how we vote,” he said.

There were also debates about 
the timing of TFI and SJP special 
presentations, previously scheduled 
to occur at last night’s meeting, after 
concerns were raised that TFI would 
not have enough time to prepare a 
presentation regarding the SJP reso-
lution at the Week 8 meeting.

“We are aware that there is a pro-
posed change in the presentation,” 
SJP officers wrote in an email to 
A.S. Council. “We strongly advise the 
council to reconsider its inconsider-
ate treatment of our organization and 
our resolution … Perhaps TFI should 
work on their time management.”

In response, TFI wrote, “We 
made the request because unfortu-
nately the language of the resolution 
was not released until Sunday, and 
we need more than three days to 
properly research and analyze the 
document which has clearly been 
the result of months of preparation. 
This document is a direct attack on 
Israel and the Israeli students on 
campus … we feel that our request 
is not unreasonable.”

Following the conflicts, A.S. 
President Meggie Le called for a sen-
ate meeting on Wednesday and final-
ized the timeline for SJP and TFI 
presentations, moving both presenta-
tions to the Week 9 council meeting 
with the stipulation that SJP gives its 
presentation after TFI.

The decision was reached after 
about 40 minutes of debate, passing 
by a very close margin. It was also 
decided that there would be limited 
public input at next week’s meeting.

▶ DIVESTMENT, from page 1

▶ CLUBS, from page 2

readers can contact
mekala  neelakantan    mneelaka@ucsd.edu 

Integrating Social Media in Classes Levels the Playing Field



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Follow Your 
Instincts, Do 
the Harlem 
Shake 

In With the New
UCSD is undergoing a major overhaul in 

administration this year, which may affect its ability to 
stay highly ranked among universities across the globe.

Nestled among the ice hock-ey highlights and Russell Peters clips that populate 
my YouTube history are upwards 
of 70 Harlem Shake videos. I’m not 
the only one. In a mere 13 days, the 
Harlem Shake phenomenon took 
the world by storm, gaining over 
175 million views. Yet the attrac-
tion doesn’t seem to be the neon 
tights, the cries of “con los ter-
roristas” or even the snarling lion. 
Millions of people flocked to the 
Internet to watch it simply because 
others had, too.

Nineteenth-century psychologist 
Gustave Le Bon chalked up instances 
such as these to the idea of “mob 
mentality,” a natural inclination to 
follow one’s peers in making deci-
sions. Whether this is buying the 
same MacBook as everyone else in 
the lecture hall, suffering through 
“Gangnam Style” or watching the 
Super Bowl despite your hatred of 
football, we are basically a bunch of 
trend-followers at heart.

But why is this societal compli-
ance so attractive? Self-described 
nonconformists would attribute it to 
tired “1984” references and the idea 
of “doublethink,” in which external 
factors change our minds for us. 
We are not, however, living in an 
enforced Orwellian world. University 
of London researchers credit mob 
mentality to a primal instinct origi-
nally developed to avoid predation. 
The experiment involved a flock of 
sheep being chased by a potential 
predator, such as a border collie. 
Every sheep made a beeline for the 
center of the pack, shielding itself 
from the predator and, so to speak, 
fitting in with the crowd. While this 
may seem a far cry from the urge 
to partake in YouTube trends, the 
concept is still the same. It’s just like 
in elementary school, when nobody 
wanted to be that one loser without 
a JanSport backpack. While there 
are some people who fly the flag of 
eccentricity in a concerted attempt 
to stand out, humans are, by and 
large, rather obsessed with being at 
the center of the pack.

Unfortunately, the effects of mob 
mentality don’t stop at minor things 
like school supplies. Investigations 
of riots in Los Angeles, Vancouver 
and London showed that a good 
proportion of the felons went about 
smashing windows and grabbing 
TVs merely because their peers 
did. Much as the sheep expects to 
be shielded from the dog by the 
rest of the herd, rioters assume that 
their misdeeds will be overlooked 
because of the sheer number of 
other criminals.

Advertising agencies also 
manipulate our desire to fit in. 
Whether through images of chil-
dren enthralled by Nerf guns or 
ads with archetypal soccer moms 
and “parent-approved” minivans, 
Madison Avenue’s marketing wiz-
ards target this mob mentality 
with great success, inducing us to 
purchase goods that our peers have 
already endorsed.

So before watching the next 
viral video or buying the iPhone 6, 
think twice about what makes you 
want it and whether you want to be 
at the center of the pack. After all, 
who wants to be a sheep? Maybe 
you should just wear a propeller hat. 
You’ll stand out.

Kelvi n  Noron ha  
knoronha@ucsd.edu

Thinking Caps

There are almost 7,000 members 
in the “UCSD Students Against 
Transportation Changes” Facebook 
group, yet only 50 or so students — 
including members of A.S. Council 
and a Guardian reporter and 
photographer — attended the last 
town hall meeting. This is a dismal 
turnout. 

The whole purpose of the town 
halls is to gain student input — a 
useless feat if only a fraction of stu-
dents show up. 

Admittedly, since A.S. President 
Meggie Le announced two weeks 
ago the postponement of any 
changes until we discuss alterna-
tives, we won’t necessarily be hav-
ing such town halls for the trans-
portation issues again. Instead, the 
administration will seek to estab-
lish a committee for deliberating on 
how to solve the crisis. That com-
mittee might then hold town halls 
or just accumulate student input 
through a survey, but that remains 
to be seen.

Regardless, town halls aren’t just 
for transportation. 

On Feb. 19, for example, council 
and the Well-being Cluster Student 
Advisory Board held a town hall 
meeting about the growing UC 
Student Health Insurance Program 
deficit. Only around 20 students 
attended, even though the UC 
SHIP deficit problem will affect 
every student who uses the campus 
insurance policy.

Now, we can go on and on about 
how important it is that student 
outrage is followed up with action 
and how people should participate 
in ongoing discussions if they 
hope to see the changes they want. 
But that won’t do us any good. 
The kind of physical engagement 
involved in attending something 
like a town hall clearly doesn’t work 
for our campus. It’s hard enough 
getting people to come to a party 
let alone a meeting. When classes 
are over we go home and sit on our 
computers and proceed to fume 

about university issues, so the 
Internet is where we should focus 
on engagement.

The Student Organized Voter 
Access Committee’s new Organized 
Voter Access Link program is a 
great medium for such scattered 
action. OVAL is an online tool for 
giving students access to campus 
issues, allowing students to login 
with their UCSD account informa-
tion and vote (anonymously) on 
resolutions that A.S. Council will 
be reviewing. It’s a great way of 
engaging with the students who 
would never step foot in a town 
hall, let alone a council meeting. 

Perhaps we could curb the poor 
town hall turnout by streaming the 
events online and accepting ques-
tions through mediums like OVAL 
or even Facebook and Twitter. 
While there’s still no substitute 
for the impact a large group of 
students can make, we must get 
student input in the most efficient, 
encouraging way possible.

Arielle Sallai
Editor in ChiEf

ren Ebel
Madeline Mann

MAnAging EditorS

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Zev hurwitz
nEwS Editor

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San diego. Contents © 

2012. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of regents, the aSUCSd or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

To Increase Student Engagement, Move Forums Online

Illustration   by  Janella  Payumo 

This is the year of fresh faces, but UCSD won’t be gleefully sing-ing “Ch-ch-ch-ch-Changes.” 
Just this past Tuesday, the Office of the 
Executive Vice Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs announced its appointment of 
John Moore as the new Muir provost, 
beginning Fall 2013. Other new UCSD 
staff members this year include: the first 
ever vice chancellor for equity, diversity 
and inclusion, a new vice chancellor of 
student affairs, a new director of Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography and a new 
dean of the Jacobs School of Engineering. 
These changes come after UCSD wel-
comed Pradeep K. Khosla as its new 
chancellor this year. If anything, this 
major administrative turnover reflects 
upon UCSD’s capability of retaining key 
administrators. In order for UCSD to 
keep its high global ranking, it needs to 
work on keeping staff members around 
for longer than a few years.

It’s hard to have long-term goals in 
mind when staff members are continu-
ously coming and going. While UCSD 
has the potential to find skilled replace-
ments, it takes time to construct search 

committees and then select and train the 
right candidates. Some of these searches 
can extend for months. Most of the exit-
ing faculty members have only been with 
UCSD for under a decade. Penny Rue, 
our departing vice chancellor of student 
affairs, will be leaving after only serving 
five years. Susan Smith, the current Muir 
provost, will retire from the position she 
has only had since 2005. Tony Haymet, 
vice chancellor for marine sciences 
and director of Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography retired at the beginning of 
January after serving for six years. 

As with other universities or busi-
nesses, UCSD needs to have the same 
people oversee the same areas for a 
continuous period of time in order for 
progress to best occur. It takes time to 
enact initiatives and new programs, and 
time is lost when main administrators 
leave. Not only is Scripps changing hands 
three times in a period of a few months 
confusing (an interim is currently filling 
in for Dr. Haymet), the extensive interna-
tional search for his replacement is tak-

See Turnover, page 9



Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                 Lifestyle Editor: Laira Martin  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts   &   Entertainment   Editor:   entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle   Editor:   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

If you are an early bird and enjoy the outdoors, then a good cup of coffee is only a 10-minute drive to 
downtown La Jolla, where Pannikin 
Coffee and Tea welcomes you.

Established in 1968, Pannikin’s 
history is reflected by its run-down 
interior. Gloomy walls are decorated 
with coffee-themed posters and 
odd, mismatched pieces of artwork. 
Seating choices include multicolored 
worn-in sofa benches, rustic wooden 
chairs by the window and small tables 
and chairs strewn about. However, 
seating is limited due to the shop’s 
small size.

The interior is quite small and 
can feel cramped at times, but the 
real space to sit at Pannikin is outside 

on the large patio and deck, where 
guests can soak up the San Diego 
sunshine. Their outdoor seating 
wraps around the side of the building, 
providing ample space to enjoy a cup 
of Pannikin’s signature blend, a local 
favorite, which is a medley of beans 
from four different continents.

Although it’s run-down, Pannikin 
is always filled with La Jolla locals 
and regulars who are greeted by the 
friendly staff. Service is efficient and 
helpful. The chalk-written menu 
may be difficult to read, but it’s filled 
with tons of options, including veg-
etarian and vegan items. However, 
the real food to focus on is the selec-
tion of pastries, baked fresh every 
day. Try the chocolate-chip muffin 
($2) or any of the scones and have it 
heated up on the spot. Pair your pas-

try with a stellar espresso drink, such 
as the Vietnamese Coffee ($3.75) or 
a classic Americano ($2), and you 
won’t be disappointed. 

Studying is easy with the free 
Wi-Fi, which is accessible both inside 
and outside. Bring your laptop fully 
charged, though, because the num-
ber of outlets is limited. Expect light 
music and background noise from the 
chatty employees and customers. Do 

not plan on spreading out all of your 
study materials, since you’re bound 
to be fairly cozy with your neighbor. 
With closing time at 7 p.m., early 
birds and those who prefer to study 
outdoors are the perfect crowd — 
Pannikin opens at 6 a.m. on weekdays 
and 6:30 a.m. on weekends.

Vegas: the epitome of capitalist and consumerist America and the land of dreams — yet no 
one seems to sleep. While some return 
from the desert metropolis reminisc-
ing about the best weekend of their 
lives, others leave completely bank-
rupt, both financially and morally.

Presidents Day weekend saw 
us driving through the desert on 
a Friday night and arriving at the 
Flamingo Hotel to meet our fellow 
Guardian journalists. The hotels 
in Vegas are all microcosms of the 
city itself: they are simultaneously 
casinos, restaurants, bars, buffets, 
clubs, shopping malls, beauty par-
lours, underwear shops and even a 
Flamingo zoo and aquarium. Any 
lucky tourist who goes to Vegas has 
innumerable opportunities to waste 
their money as soon as they step into 
their chosen “hotel” destination.

Despite the Flamingo offering all 
of the above, our weekend in Vegas 
largely consisted of aimlessly wan-
dering around all the other hotel-
casino-malls that dominate the Strip. 
We clearly didn’t have the money to 
live it up in Vegas properly, but no 
matter — money just cannot buy 
style. Vegas will always be tacky, no 
matter how many thousands of dol-
lars you throw down on the table. 
If Vegas were a fashion, it would be 
diamante rhinestones.

This is not to say we did not have 
a fabulously “wild” weekend. We even 
found fame in Vegas: We starred in 
the very first Vegas Harlem Shake 
video alongside Elvis, a storm trooper 
and drunken middle-aged women. As 
it was the worst Harlem Shake video 
we have ever seen, we are amazed 
that 6,444 people have already viewed 
us awkwardly dancing and hur-
riedly exiting what we call the Harlem 
Shambles, which can be hilariously 
seen if you search “The Harlem Shake 
(Las Vegas Edition)” on YouTube. 

You can also find anyone in Vegas. 
What do families with young children 
do in Vegas? Why are there so many 
old women gambling alone? Are they 
there just to drink yard-long alcoholic 
slushies called “Fat Tuesdays” on the 
streets day and night? Vegas pretends 
to offer everything, but all it really 
provides is multiple ways for people 
to flippantly spend money in the 
name of having fun. At one point, we 
learned that you could even pay a dol-
lar to kick a hobo in the balls as hard 
as you could. Luckily, no women tried 
— to think of the damage that one 
could do with a stripper’s stiletto…

Speaking of strippers, we don’t 
want to preach, but the objectification 
of women in Vegas was appalling. 
Silicone breasts graced billboards, 
vans and podiums and were also 
distributed all over the ground in the 
form of flyers. You can’t walk down 
the Strip without having a call-girl “be 
here in 20 minutes” pamphlet flicked 
in your face.

We left masking our love for 

Viva Las 
Vegas or 
Viva Las 
Vexation? 

The UTC Farmers Market is smaller than most, but don’t let that 
deceive you. It’s still larger than ours on campus, and although it hosts 
some of the same vendors, many others make the drive worth your while.

Held every Thursday from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m., it’s perfect for picking up 
ingredients for cooking a fresh dinner or, even more conveniently, pick-
ing up a meal from the numerous food vendors. Produce stands make it 
easy to find fresh seasonal picks, and a variety of food vendors will satisfy 
most palettes. A crowd favorite is Poppa’s Fresh Fish Company, whose 
fish is fresh, never frozen and is locally sourced. Check out their $5 tub 
of shrimp ceviche that’s made on-site and their happy hour special from 
3 p.m. to 4 p.m., when freshly shucked oysters are sold for only $1.25. 
Craving a fish taco fix? Try Casanova Fish Tacos, served grilled or fried 
for $7 with chips. For those who want something more exotic, Egyptian 
Oasis makes gyros and falafel, and there is also an Indian food booth that 
sells a variety of curries. For those who like their meals juiced, GreenFix 
Organic Smoothie can blend together uber-healthy ingredients, like 
greens, fruit, apple juice and flax seed. No meal is complete without des-
sert, and Cakey Pops whips up classics, like red 
velvet, as well as flavors as unusual as green tea. 

Check out the unique subscription program 
provided by Community Supported Agriculture, 
with which subscribers can get a prepackaged 
box of fresh, seasonal produce every week from 
the UTC Farmers Market staff farms. For $15 per 
week, a box feeds two to three people, whereas a 
$25-per-week box feeds four to six. Although it’s a 
12-week commitment with a $30 down payment, 
the produce is organic, and the money supports 
local farmers.

If you want to get a sense of the people and culture of La Jolla, 
the La Jolla Open Aire Market — otherwise known as the La Jolla 
Farmer’s Market — is a must-visit. Every Sunday morning, the 
upper playground at La Jolla Elementary School is transformed into 
a colorful, friendly and wholesome farmer’s market. In the middle 
of downtown La Jolla, San Diegans and visitors can enjoy their 
weekend mornings with fun and flavor.

La Jolla Open Aire Market is a decent-sized farmers market that 
is smaller than the Little Italy Mercato but larger than the farmers 
market at UTC. Akin to a miniature street fair, nearly 130 vendors 
participate to provide shoppers with fresh, locally grown produce, 
diverse food court for lunch, interesting and creative artisans, live 
music and handcrafted gifts.

Many vegetables are in season right now — strawberries and 
tangerines are especially great at this time of the year. If you are 
determined and patient enough, join the crowds making a beeline 
for the savory crepes at Crepes Up and the sweet cookies at The 
Cravory to make your tummy happy while you walk around the 
market. Just in case you’re wandering around town with a pup, be 
forewarned: Dogs are not permitted in the market.

Here are a few tips to get the best out of your Sunday morn-
ing: Go before 10 a.m. not only to beat the crowd, but also to 
get the best items before vendors run out. Hunt around for bet-
ter deals on organic produce and enter to win a $75 gift card to 
Girard Avenue Collection (no purchase is needed). “Valet” your 
dogs over to Girard Street, where there’s a great dog sitter; do not 
valet park your car for $5 — park on Herschel Avenue or Pearl 
Street for free instead.

La Jolla Open Aire Market is different than other farmers mar-
kets in that it’s part of the fundraising group Friends of La Jolla 
Elementary, Inc., which means that all proceeds benefit the children 
of La Jolla Elementary School.

San Diego’s Finest 
Farmers Markets
The weekly on-campus farmers market can be 
a little monotonous at times, but don’t fret. San 

Diego has more farmers markets than one could 
imagine. The Guardian chose the top three. 

ut
c  

ce
rt

if
ie

d  
Fa

rm
er

s  
m

ar
ke

t

LittlE   italy   Farm
ers   m

arket

Location: 
Location: 7335 Girard Avenue, La Jolla, CA 92037
Hours: Sundays 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., rain or shine

cAFFEinE  FiEnd

Pannikin Coffee & Tea
BY Adri en n e Foley  Staff writer

readers can contact
Adrienne Foley     acfoley@ucsd.edu 

hours: 
Mon. - Fri.
6 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.
6:30 a.m. - 7 p.m.

7467 Girard Ave.
92037

The Little Italy “Mercato” in downtown San Diego is a 
hidden weekend gem. Every Saturday morning from 8 a.m. 
to 2 p.m., over 150 booths line Date Street from Kettner 
Boulevard to Front Street with the finest produce, cheese, 
meat, plants and homemade goods, in addition to jewelry, 
antiques and live musical performances. The Mercato is a lot 
like other farmers markets in San Diego, but there’s some-
thing to be said about getting out of La Jolla and seeing a 
new version of an old favorite activity.

The organizers of the farmer’s market stay true to the 
historically colorful neighborhood of Little Italy by adding 
some culture to an otherwise normal Saturday for attendees. 
The Mercato offers a number of artisan foods and produce 
that are incredibly fresh and ideal for same-day cooking for a 
Sunday brunch or dinner.

Although Little Italy is a bit out of the way for UCSD stu-
dents, the MTS Route 30 bus travels directly from La Jolla 
to downtown San Diego, which makes the trip easy and cuts 
out the hassle of finding parking. The Mercato makes for 
a nice change of pace from local farmers markets, like the 
UTC Farmers Market or the La Jolla Open Aire Market. The 
Mercato began operating in June 2008 and today attracts 

upwards of 3,500 
attendees each week, 
making it one of the 
most popular farmers 
markets in San Diego 
County.

lara budge  
mia fllorin-sefton 
Lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

mind  the  gap

BY
 Je

an
  L

ee
  Edi

t
o
r
ia

l 
A
s
s
is

t
a
n
t

BY laira m
artin  lifes

t
y

le ed
it

o
r

La   Jolla   open   Aire   m
arket

BY ashley kw
on  A

s
s
o
c
ia

t
e Lifes

t
y

le Ed
it

o
r

See mind the gap, page 7

Location: 
UTC Westfield Shopping Plaza,
9001 Genesee Ave,
San Diego, CA 92122
Hours: Thursdays 3 p.m. to 7 p.m., 
rain or shine 

Location: 
580 W Date St. (between 
Columbia Street and India Street), 
San Diego, CA 92101
Hours: Saturdays 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.



6    T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  A&E

Seth MacFarlane hosted the Oscars this year, and it rep-resents the latest area of con-
quest for the creator of the famously 
resurrected cartoon “Family Guy.” 
There was a time when “Family 
Guy” could have become a forgot-
ten series like any other, but instead, 
it was one of the few to make it 
back. That the show’s quality has 
declined significantly following its 
return, and that it has simultane-
ously led to the insufferable domi-
nation of MacFarlane on television, 
in theaters and now at the Oscars 
begs the important question: Was it 
worth it to bring “Family Guy,” — 
or any show, for that matter — back 
from the dead?

Some of the greatest TV shows 
were canceled before they could fin-
ish their story. Whether they were 
too ambitious or too anti-commer-
cial, they never stood a chance in 
the wasteland of network TV. What 
these shows share is a rabid fan base 
desperately begging for remakes, 
revivals and reunions — anything to 
get them back in the same room as 
the characters they love so deeply. 
But doing so is often a mixed bag, 
because after a great deal of time, 
you might find that you and the 
characters have changed since you 
last saw each other.

“Community” has been on hia-
tus for longer than its new 13-epi-
sode season is going to air, only 
returning three weeks ago without 
its beloved creator Dan Harmon 
or half of his writing staff. What’s 
more problematic is that the only 
thing consistent in this new season 
is that it’s extraordinarily disap-
pointing. The characters are hollow 
now, like a finely crafted marionette 
puppets that are being operated by 
children. Even episodes that fea-
ture the gem of a good idea are so 
mangled in their execution that it’s 
hardly an exaggeration to say that if 
this new season accomplishes any-
thing, it will be to destroy the good 
will and critical acclaim the show 
has spent years nurturing.

Yes, “Family Guy” came back 
as a zombie, and “Community” 
returned without its brains, but it 
would be disingenuous to say that 
a proper resurrection is impossible. 
The most notable example is Joss 
Whedon’s “Firefly,” which, after 
tons of protests, was able to spawn a 
feature-length movie that succeeded 
in pleasing its fans while staying 
true to the spirit of the show. When 
a show returns from the dead, its 
creators usually feel as though they 
are talking with only the uber-elite 
fans who clamored for its return. 
Whedon realized that playing to 
your fans’ expectations only leads to 
disappointment. The answer, then, 
is to either re-craft your series in 
order to come to a new conclusion 
or to stay dead and focus your cre-
ative energies on other projects that 
can draw in your fans.

Rather than by restaging a whole 
new season at William McKinley 
High School, Judd Apatow’s “Freaks 
and Geeks” has managed to return 
from the dead through spiritual 
successors like Apatow’s collegiate 
“Undeclared” and Lena Dunham’s 
post-grad “Girls.” Instead of 
attempting to bring back the magic 
of an old series, the spirit of a show 
can live on in other series’ that are 
willing to carry on that same inde-
pendent spirit. This approach is 
inherently more difficult, because 

Let Sleeping  
Dogs Lie 
and Bad TV  
Shows Die

rusteen   honardoost rhonardo@ucsd.edutv uber  alles

“Oz” Prequel Cuts Musical, Keeps Emerald City, But Adds Wizard Love Story

lands in Oz after a Kansas tornado 
whips up his hot air balloon. Believed 
to be Oz’s saving grace, Oscar is quick 
to hustle his charm, unaware that the 
three women he’s swindling are more 
than just Kansas peasants.

“His character starts off as a 
flawed man,” Franco said. “[Oscar] 
is selfish, a bit of a womanizer, he 
thinks that happiness will come from 
financial success and fame. It blinds 
him to the love of the people around 
him.  And I saw that the movie 
would not just be a physical journey 
through a mystical land, but it would 
also involve an inner journey of the 
character — that he would possibly 
[become] a better person.”

This element of corruption com-
pared to the sing-songy skipping of 
the 1939 film drew Franco, who tends 
to stay away from one-dimensional 
caricatures, to the role.

“Their emissary into the world 
[of Oz] was not a male version of 
Dorothy, fortunately,” he said. “They 
weren’t just gonna redo it with an 
innocent young person walking 
through Oz- instead, my charac-
ter was stumbling through Oz and 
because he’s pretending to be some-
thing he’s not, he gets into a lot of 
awkward situations. That comedic 
edge would help distinguish this ver-
sion from other versions.”

Aside from combining the Wizard’s 
humorous and audacious characteris-
tics, Franco established Oscar’s cred-
ibility as a magician, training with Las 
Vegas magician Lance Burton. 

“I needed to be able to do those 
tricks and hold myself on stage like a 
magician in a convincing way,” Franco 
said. “[Lance] taught me how to make 
it look like I’m having people levitate 
and make it look like they’re evaporat-
ing in front of everyone’s eyes — it 
was great.”

Incorporating this creative integri-
ty was integral to Raimi’s prequel. He 
envisioned his world, borrowed from 
Baum’s 14 novels, with minute atten-
tion to detail. From the opalescence 
of Glinda’s kingdom and her corre-
sponding bubbles to the lesser-known 
creatures of Oz (i.e. the porcelain 
China Girl from China Town), Raimi 
didn’t skimp on the background. The 
film’s score, composed by “Spider-
Man” collaborator Danny Elfman, was 
only an enhancement to the fantasy.

“He connected the dots,” Raimi 
said. “The Wizard in Kansas has a 
love story with a girl named Annie, 
played by Michelle Williams, and this 
is a love that’s right before the Wizard, 
if only he would recognize it. Danny 
Elfman creates a love theme that he’s 
decided to play with Annie and the 
Wizard and it’s an incomplete fragile 
broken thing. But later when the 
Wizard meets Glinda and their love 
story blossoms, you’ll hear that theme 

in all of its orchestrated fullness. He’s 
basically the emotion of the picture.”

Despite the fantastical aspects 
and special effects abound in this 
film, that emotion is what ties it all 
together. At its core, after the mon-
keys and munchkins and brick roads 
are thrown aside, “Oz the Great and 
Powerful” is just a fable filled with 
the same magic and belief that “The 
Wizard of Oz” bequeathed to us over 
70 years ago.

“The best thing that stories do for 
us is reverberate with truth — they 
show us [that] there is a way to be 
happy without material goods, with-
out the pride, without sense of self 
being all dominating,” Raimi said. “We 
learn from the Wizard that all of us 
are broken, lonely individuals. [But] 
we have within us the thing to make 
us complete, if only we recognize it.”

▶ Oz, from page 1

readers can contact
Jacey aldredge  jaldredge@ucsd.edu 

IllUSTRATIoN BY elYSe YANG /Guardian

See tV UBeR aLLeS, page 7



Vegas through use of heavy irony 
and sarcasm. Despite our European 
superiority complex, we admit 
that we reveled in the Vegas vibes. 
Whether this was by hugging strang-
ers, looking at strippers or watching 
the night unfold from the Flamingo 
rooftop, we embraced it all. Vegas is 
terribly unique. Nowhere else is as 
fake, flashy and flamboyant. You can 
pay hundreds to see a show in Vegas, 
but why bother? The real spectacle 
worth seeing is the human circus 
that is Vegas itself.

lifEstylE w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G     7

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Undergrads - To pick up your vouchers,  
have your student ID card and go to Extension 
Student Services Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical students - please  
contact OGSR and the School of Medicine for  
their complimentary vouchers.

Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
UCSD Student Grant Program 
(formerly known as Complimentary Enrollment)

Spring Quarter 2013 Dates:  March 4 - 8, 2013
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)
 

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* Intermediate Piano * Photography: 
Images and Techniques * Improv 101 
* FOREIGN LANGUAGES * Spanish to 
English Translation * Portuguese for 
Communication I * HUMANITIES & 
WRITING * Creative Writing I * Copyediting I 
* Modern American Poetry * DIGITAL ARTS 

* Digital Media * Music Video Production 
Workshop * Dreamweaver I * BUSINESS * 
Project Management Essentials * Resume 
Building *  Financial Decision Making * 
Global Marketing * PUBLIC SERVICE & 
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY * Introduction 
to Sustainability * Energy Management 
Solutions * Corporate Social Responsibility 

* LIFE SCIENCES * Cell and Molecular 
Biology * Biostatistics * Drug  Metabolism 
* INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY * Web 
Publishing I * Concepts in Healthcare 
IT * Mobile Device Programming * 
HEALTHCARE, BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES 
* Basic Medical Coding * Medical 
Terminology * The Physiology of Exercise *

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.

hAvE A drink on us

The Guardian asked 
bartender Shanna Brazil 
from Voyeur nightclub 
in the Gaslamp Quarter 

to recommend a popular 
cocktail. This was her 

choice.

This sweet gummy 
experience features a 

variety of fruit-flavored 
liquors and is one of 

the most popular drinks 
among female customers.

InGredIenTS

1 oz. Stolichnaya  
raspberry vodka

1 oz. peach schnapps
1 oz. sweet-and-sour mix

Splash of lemon-lime soda

Pour the raspberry vodka 
and peach schnapps into 
a glass with ice. Fill it with 

equal parts sweet-and-
sour mix and lemon-lime 
soda. Then garnish with a 

cherry on top.

t his year’s kite festival takes the expression, “Go fly a kite” to a new level, with kite stunts, carni-
val rides and kite-decorating competi-
tions. If you think you might want to 
try out your kite-making abilities at 
this free, beloved local tradition, come 
out this Saturday, March 2, from 9 
a.m. to 4 p.m. at Dusty Rhodes Park 
in Ocean Beach. 

Kite flying is not the only reason 
that this 65-year-old tradition has 
been put on by the Kiwanis Club 
of Ocean Beach. Since the festival 
originated in 1948, there has been an 
emphasis on community and a prom-
ise of a good time — something that 
San Diego locals have grown to love. 
Each year, hundreds of people come 
out to enjoy the live music, craft fair 
and creative kite designs.

The Ocean Beach Kiwanis Kite 
Festival is believed to be one of the 

oldest yet still successful kite festivals 
in the country. At the event, partici-
pants will learn how to make and fly a 
unique, personalized kite, and awards 
will be given to the most impressive 
creations. Kite making starts at 9 a.m. 
and goes until 12 p.m., and judging 
starts at 1 p.m. More recently, the 
event chairs have added carnival rides, 
a live band, a craft fair and all sorts of 
food and drink options to appeal to all 

ages. Kiwanis club members and event 
chairs, Melanie and Jim Nickel, are 
looking forward to the new additions 
to this year’s event. 

“This year, we are expanding it 
again, with demonstrations and les-
sons by professional and skilled ama-
teur kite fliers from all over Southern 
California. It should be pretty spec-
tacular,” Nickel said.

UCSD students are encouraged to 

come out and enjoy this year’s festivi-
ties or to volunteer to help teach kids 
how to make kites. 

“We always have a need for volun-
teers, and college students are ideal for 
teaching the kids how to make their 
kites. We will teach the volunteers, of 
course,” Nickel said. 

readers can contact
sh elby n ewallis    snewalli@ucsd.edu 

sitE  sEEn

Ocean Beach Kite Festival
BY sh elby n ewallis  Staff writer

WHITe GUMMY BeAr

City of  Sin is the 
City of  Shitshows
▶ mind the gap from page 5 you don’t have the ability to coast 

on the good will of your original 
series’ characters; however, that 
itself is a double-edged sword of 
expectations. Crafting a new series 
can be more rewarding because it 
allows for new explorations of simi-
lar topics through new characters.

The problem with supposedly 
“new” story lines of once-canceled 
series is that they can often feel like 
retreats of territory from previous 
episodes. Ever since “Futurama” 
re-premiered on Comedy Central, 
it’s survived by using its characters 
in situations and settings that are 

directly lifted and repurposed from 
the original series. And when they 
do try to branch off to do some-
thing new, it’s in such a bizarre 
fashion that it feels out of place, 
especially when compared to the 
more restrained original episodes.

“Futurama” became famous 
among nerds because it told the 
kinds of bizarrely interesting stories 
of a surprisingly mundane future. 
Now, it feels like the sort of psyche-
delic fan fiction written by people 
who wish they could be in the 
future themselves.

The king of all revival shows, 
“Arrested Development,” is return-
ing in May on Netflix, after spend-

ing several years as the rallying cry 
of television revivalists — both fans 
and the creators themselves. But 
there’s a specter hanging over the 
show: exceedingly high expecta-
tions and almost inevitable disap-
pointment. If the show manages 
to succeed, it will start a new wave 
of television revivals on Netflix. 
Anything and everything will 
be up for grabs, whether it’s the 
little-loved “Terra Nova” or some 
cartoon from the ’90s you kinda 
remember watching once. If it fails, 
what will happen to other dead 
shows is uncertain. The damage 
done to the credibility of the series, 
however, will be much clearer.

Some Reawakened TV Shows Should’ve Stayed in the Ground
▶ tV UBeR aLLeS from page 6



8   T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  A&E

antioscArs

In some ways, “Moonrise Kingdom” is the typical 
Wes Anderson film, featuring quirky characters who 
take their peculiar interests with total seriousness, a 
bright color palette and camera perspectives that con-
strain the characters, making them look like playthings 
scuttling around inside a dollhouse.

If this perfected formula has become boring to the 
average viewer, Anderson inflicts the deliberate theatri-
cality of “Moonrise Kingdom” with whimsy and delight 
to revitalize his branch of magical realism. While “The 
Darjeeling Limited” may have felt too uncaring and 
prosaic, we are immediately sympathetic to Sam’s sense 
of isolation on his island home and spellbound as he 
runs away with his newfound romantic interest, Suzy.

“Moonrise Kingdom” revolves around this ecstatic 
engagement of young love. But the film never suc-
cumbs to melodrama or rom-com cheesiness. Instead 
of trying to dwarf our own experiences of love and 
isolation, Anderson presents a blueprint for how we 
remember both the conviction and awkwardness of 
childhood romance.

But it’s not obsessed with serious inquiry. With 
plenty of laughs (and Bill Murray to boot), “Moonrise” 
is the year’s most underrated film, full of wit, whimsy 
and understated poignancy.

most  underrated
"moonrise  kingdom"
Dieter Joubert

Staff Writer

If a girl wants quality father-daughter 
bonding time at the theater, “For a Good 
Time, Call…” is the worst possible selec-
tion. Yes, it is well known that the movie 
revolves entirely around two women run-
ning a phone sex line. However, noth-
ing screams, “This is awkward!” like a 
film consisting of more raunchy noises 
than lines of dialogue. The girls start off 
as sworn enemies but magically become 
the best of friends as they quickly bond 
through the power of the pink telephone. 
The characters do not face enough chal-
lenges to keep the movie interesting, leav-
ing the audience with blank stares. The 
film turns into a dreadfully painful hot 
mess of orgies, tight dresses, scandal-
ous underwear and matching purses. And 
aren’t phone sex lines a little dated with all 
the new technology around these days? 
Watching this film is definitely not a good 
time — but rather an extremely terrible 
and uncomfortable one.

most  Awkward  movie  to  
see  with  your  dad
"For  a  good  time,  call..."
Lauren Craig

Staff Writer

There was once a time, long ago in history, when vampires were feared, not fantasized. A 
time when they still dwelled in the horror genre among the likes of Dracula and Nosferatu and 
not in the romance section as glittery outlets for teenage angst and lust. That was before the 
great beast known as “Twilight” arose and laid waste to the American pop-culture landscape. 
This terrible creation came from the mind of a sexually frustrated Mormon housewife and 
proceeded to spread its terrible influence upon the youth, convincing teens that repeatedly 
committing suicide and then having your insides ripped apart by a demon fetus following 
coitus with a living corpse is what every teenage girl should aspire to do. Like parachute pants 
and pet rocks, “The Twilight Saga” is doomed to be the trendy faux pas of the century, one we 
will hopelessly try to justify to the children of the future, who will look back and ask, “What 
were they thinking?”

the "thank  god,  it's  Finally  over"  Award
the "twilight" saga

Nick yang

Staff Writer

“Prometheus” was the widely hyped, Ridley Scott-directed, suspense-packed thriller that 
dominated the box office in early June, but what really stuck out about the movie was watching 
the main protagonist abort an alien fetus. Any hope of finishing popcorn or rounding second 
base with a date ended when the medical machine pulled a writhing squid-thing out of Noomi 
Rapace’s abdomen before surgically stapling her skin shut. Many other scenes throughout the 
movie are equally disturbing. In the least forgettable sci-fi death of the last year, one of the 
crew members decides to pet a phallic-looking alien snake-thing that he finds in a dark cave. 
Sounds like a good idea. Predictably, he dies a horrible death, letting out agonizing screams as 
the creature rips through his spacesuit, burrows under his skin and squirms through his body 
and out of his face. Given that the first movie in the “Alien” franchise famously had an alien 
erupt out of a man’s chest during a dinner scene, it’s good to see that Ridley Scott is back to 
doing what he does best.

most  Bewildering  carnage
"Prometheus"

Kyle Somers

Staff Writer

There’s a false sense of consolatory praise indebted to the filmmak-
ers and actors involved with the monolithic disaster that was “Cloud 
Atlas.” Yes, it was bold to attempt an adaptation of David Mitchell’s 
hyper-complex, award-winning novel. But who honestly thought that 
the un-filmable parallel story arcs, calibrated intertwining motifs and 
subtle philosophical underpinnings would best be left in the hands 
of modern cinema’s least delicate directors? The same people who 
strapped Keanu Reeves to a wire-fighting harness and surrounded 
him with a couple hundred high-speed cameras did. If you’re looking 
for a way to confuse the hell out of your parents, there are plenty of 
other options that don’t involve several hours of Tom Hanks speaking 
in an invented pidgin dialect while sporting a tattered bathrobe.

Worst movie
"cloud Atlas"

ren ebel

Managing Editor

We’re all big fans of Liam Neeson here at the Guardian. Who wouldn’t be? The man’s been a Jedi, lion Jesus and Zeus himself. Unfortunately, 
2012 was not the best year for our favorite soft-spoken badass — out of the five movies he was in, only two (“The Grey” and “The Dark Knight 
Rises”) received positive reviews from critics. The rest — “Wrath of the Titans,” “Battleship” and “Taken 2,” were all varying degrees of bad. The 
sequel to “Taken” mostly relegates Neeson to looking angry while running around yelling action lines and killing faceless bad guys. Even though 
he’s the focus of the film, and his acting remains committed, the lines he says are the worst kind of banal. “Wrath” is a slightly better flick, even 
though Neeson is kept on the bench for most of the movie. The film that combines both of these poor elements into one, however, is “Battleship.” 
The film is a masterwork of under-using your best actor. Neeson has 15 lines in the film — they’ve been counted. Mostly, he’s a caricature that 
spends the film on the sidelines waiting for the main character to do his job. It’s frustrating to see talent wasted like that, and the film is just 
so incredibly bland that there’s no doubt it deserves the Worst Use of Liam Neeson Award. Heck, make a movie entirely about his character in 
“Battleship,” and it would have been a better film. “Liam Neeson: Bland Alien Hunter.” Maybe we’d watch that.

Worst use of Liam  neeson
"Battleship"  /  "taken 2"  /  "Wrath of the titans"

Nathan Cook

Staff Writer

“Seven Psychopaths” defies conventional catego-
rization. In fact, Martin McDonagh’s screenplay 
deliberately seeks out overdone movie tropes and 
violently, wonderfully murders them on screen. With 
interracial couples, gratuitous violence, a total lack 
of heroism and a protagonist overshadowed by his 
quirky, manic friend, “Seven Psychopaths” is as 
unpredictable as it is rousingly hilarious. Comedy 
comes paired with liberal use of blood and dares us 
to laugh at the sick and profane (and know we will). 
What’s more, emotional and thought-provoking 
moments penetrate our core and resound through 
our bones, marrow, muscle and skin. These moments 
forcibly hold up a mirror to the viewer without con-
demning what is reflected. If “Seven Psychopaths” 
isn’t Oscar-worthy, who cares? If it isn’t a work of 
genius, it is a cult classic to all those who know that 
just a little insanity can go a long way. If not a cult 
classic, the film is a display of filmmaking that grabs 
at its scattered elements and arranges them into 
beautiful disorder. And if it is still not that, “Seven 
Psychopaths” is at least something different. 

biggest  Fuck You to the  man
"seven  Psychopaths"
Raquel Calderon

Staff Writer

Anxiety
by Autre  ne  veut

ALBum  rEviEW

release Date February 25

Conceptual R&B auteur juggles the accessible and the grotesque.

Wondrous   bughouse
by  youth  lagoon

ALBum  rEviEW

release Date March 5

Look into the void with one of San Diego’s most promising bands.

B ased on pre-release single “Counting,” you’d be forgiven for expecting some-thing entirely different from “Anxiety,” 
the second album by Brooklyn songwriter 
Arthur Ashin under his Autre Ne Veut proj-
ect. The song is all icy minimalism: crisp Art 
of Noise vocal synths and stuttering hi-hats 
underlining Ashin’s desperate cries of “I’m 
counting on the idea / that you’ll stay in our 
life.”

Perhaps the most foretelling aspect of 
the song, however, is the grotesque swathes 
of noisy guitar and saxophone that lit-
tered the transitions between its verses and 
choruses. Indeed, the primary relationship 
in “Anxiety” is between beauty and unre-
strained, glorious ugliness. The soothing, 
earworm of the chorus on “Ego Free Sex 
Free,” for example, is perpetually contrasted 
with the tinny, top-40 trance stabs that 
populate most of the song. Likewise, the ‘N 
Sync-baiting melody of “Warning” is paired 
with foreboding operatic vocal samples and 

a frustrating level of vocal echoing. Ashin 
has made clear the fact that his goal on 
“Anxiety” was to examine the tension sur-
rounding contemporary conceptions of the 
body, and on tracks like the aforementioned 
“Ego Free Sex Free,” this mission is made 
delightfully explicit.

For all its difficult sonic adornments and 
its highbrow concept, though, “Anxiety” is a 
remarkably fun album to listen to. Look at 
closing track “World War,” which floats in 
a new-age aether of synthesizer atmosphere 
before coalescing into a smooth, drum-
machine led mantra of “No way, no way, no 
way / you’re gonna be my baby.” 

In a musical climate overpopulated by 
experimental-R&B crossover, Autre Ne 
Veut’s ability to balance intriguing commen-
tary with aurally pleasing structures is both 
notable and refreshing.

- Andrew Whitworth
Associate A&E Editor

o n “Wondrous Bughouse,” the follow-up to the much-lauded 2011 debut “The Year of Hibernation,” Youth Lagoon’s Trevor 
Powers manages to pull off the difficult feat of 
discussing issues like mortality and psychologi-
cal disorders while sacrificing none of the sugar-
sweet pop histrionics on which he originally 
made his name.

Given that “bughouse” refers to an old 
euphemism for an insane asylum, the album’s 
title fits its content nicely. Starting with a clut-
tered introduction called “Through the Mind 
and Back,” “Wondrous Bughouse” really hits its 
stride with its second track, “Mute,” on which 
bright synthesizer melodies, fuzzy atmospher-
ics, sampled sounds and an upbeat drum track 
vie for the listener’s attention. Powers uses this 
palette throughout the album to great effect, 
changing and modifying the instruments he 
works with in such a way that the album rarely 
sounds monotonous, instead moving with a 
smooth continuity.

The album’s production as a whole is mar-

velous. Ranging from spacey atmospheric bal-
lads like “Daisyphobia” to sunny, college radio-
friendly pop anthems like “Dropla” and “Attic 
Doctor,” the album seems equally influenced 
by the psychedelic innovations of late-period 
Beatles records and the lethargic stride of 
recent chillwave.

Though lyrics are fairly sparse throughout 
the album, Powers’ lyrical content tends to be 
fascinatingly cryptic. On album highlight “Sleep 
Paralysis,” he throws out metaphysical accusa-
tions such as “You have made a grave mistake/ 
and sleep paralysis is showing me what it really 
is.” A lot of the album’s lyrics revolve around the 
ways in which mental patients perceive reality 
and mortality. This recently acquired lyrical 
frankness, combined with the album’s shimmer-
ing production and innovative arrangements, 
proves that Youth Lagoon is completely deserv-
ing of the big-name status he’s recently garnered.

- Kyle Somers
Staff Writer

8/10 8/10

the  11th  Annual



O P I N I O N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  9

ing up valuable time that could have 
been devoted to furthering research 
or developing new projects. 

One of UCSD’s main concerns 
is that other universities are tak-
ing away its administrators. After 
spring quarter, Rue will be leaving 
UCSD for Wake Forest University, 
which offered her an attractive pack-
age to serve as vice president for 
campus life. Similarly, Dr. Frieder 
Seible, dean of the Jacobs School of 
Engineering since 2003, will be leav-
ing UCSD for Monash University. 
Both made great progress during 
their terms, but the changes they 
have been working on will be cut 
short by their leaving. This is espe-
cially counterintuitive to Rue’s work 

with the new university-wide strate-
gic planning process. According to 
a statement released by Khosla, Rue 
played an important role in enact-
ing the new student affairs strategic 
planning process, as well as pushing 
for strategic budget reductions and 
raising over $6 million in scholar-
ships and $18 million for student 
affairs overall. Rue will still be over-
seeing the strategic planning process 
until the end of her term, but some-
one else will have to pick up where 
she leaves off in a few months. 

This high turnover rate mainly 
stems from UCSD offering unap-
pealing compensation packages to 
administrators, but UCSD cannot 
afford to increase administrator 
pay. Exiting UC President Mark 
Yudof announced Feb. 19 that no 

UC employees would see salary 
increases for the 2012–2013 year. 
The university operates on federal 
and state grants, student fees and 
private donations. If student fees are 
increased further to raise adminis-
trator salaries, thousands of students 
may protest. A solution doesn’t seem 
clear, but administration can look 
to feasible options, such as soliciting 
more private donations or hiring 
younger faces who may not seem as 
good on paper but have fresh ideas 
and will be able to stay longer for 
less handsome pay.

The adage goes: “Out with the 
old, in with the new,” but UCSD 
needs to keep more of the old. If it 
fails to keep all of its working parts 
on payroll, it may start slipping in 
the ranks in the future.

halcyon days By Christie Yi leTTer  TO  The  edITOr

Dear Editor,
I’m sure you know that February 

is a month associated with love and 
romance, but did you know that 
it is also the National Teen Dating 
Awareness and Prevention Month? 
This is because one in three teens in 
the U.S. is a victim of physical, sex-
ual or emotional abuse, and young 
women ages 16 to 24 are the most at 
risk of intimate partner violence, at a 
rate three times the national average. 
Clearly, these statistics are startling, 
and promoting awareness to young 
people is key to understanding the 
complexity of dating violence, but 
prevention is a further step forward 
toward breaking the cycle of vio-
lence. The media doesn’t help in the 
promotion of healthy relationships, 
as we are constantly bombarded 
with skewed images of what a loving 
relationship is. Consequently, today’s 
youth are engulfed in unhealthy and 
violent relationships that perpetu-
ate the cycle of violence. If we do 
not intervene now, our youth are at 
heightened risk of becoming abus-
ers and inflicting pain on others as a 
way to resolve their own pain. This 
is a sick cycle, and as social workers, 
we see the need to help these youth 
by giving them the support and tools 

necessary to empower them to step 
out of the cycle. We need to take 
action to change this vicious cycle 
promoted by our culture by first pro-
moting awareness of healthy versus 
unhealthy relationships at schools, 
and second implementing more 
effective laws that give consequences 
to juvenile abusers. For example, 
law enforcement should mandate 
youth abusers to participate in 
rehabilitative workshops that teach 
about healthy communication and 
boundaries within relationships and 
the consequences. The mandated 
program should also include com-
munity service relevant to teaching 
youth offenders empathy. If we do 
not react, we will continue passive 
patterns that embrace violence and 
fail to take a stand for true love. Is 
this the type of future we want for 
our children and society? As caring 
citizens, we need to work together 
to push against the status quo that 
encourages silence about personal 
issues and advocate for effective 
policy reform that will cultivate a 
healthier community.

— Jennifer Allen
 Cynthia Lopez Herrera

Annie Ng
California State University, 

Long Beach
School of Social Work 

Master’s students

Youth Need Intervention 
to Stop Dating Violence 

High Turnover Due to Inability to Offer Competitive Salaries
▶ Turnover, from page 4

Guardian
Visit Our Website at WWW. ucsdguardian.Org



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

nozomilajolla.com

Next to La Jolla Marriott
4150 Regents Park Row, Ste 190 - La Jolla, CA 92037

Best Happy Hour Deals in La Jolla

HAPPY
HOUR :

MON-FRI: 4:30-6:30pm
SATURDAY: 1-5pm

$1.95 SAKE BOMBS
$1 SAKE

30-50% OFF SELECTED ROLLS

Housing
ROOM FOR RENT - $950 - LARGE FURNISHED ROOM WITH 
BATH, AND SEPARATE ENTRANCE, IN LA JOLLA VIEW 
HOUSE. WALK TO SHORES BEACH. KITCHEN USE. ON BUS 
ROUTE. UTILITIES INCLUDED. PARKING ON DRIVEWAY. 
$950.00 A MONTH. CALL JANET AT 858-456-0865. EMAIL 
JANHEY6@AOL.COM. Listing ID:  48631875 at ucsdguard-
ian.org for more information

LOVELY ROOM AVAILABLE FOR RENT, IN OUR COMFORTABLE 
HOME, IN   HIGHLY DESIRABLE LOCATION - $750 - Seeking 
a long-term  room-mate, and prefer quiet  students. clean, 
furnished room (desk, drawers,  full-sized bed, bookshelf, 
closet). utilities included in rent (washer/dryer, decked-out 
kitchen, cable t.v. and internet). full bath with shelf space. 
relax in large,  private, backyard,  with BBQ and wonderful 
view of Mt Soledad, over-looking canyon. easy access to  to 
I-5 and 52 freeways, shopping center (Sprouts/Starbucks). 
10 minutes drive to UCSD. Please send a cover letter with 
information about yourself, to Ruthie, @ russianruthie@
hotmail.com

ElEctronics
Printer PHOTO PAPER - $5 - Office Depot extra heavy 
professional photo paper, brilliant gloss, 4” x 6” 50 sheets, 
unopened package - $5. HP Brochure and flyer paper, 
gloss, 8 1/2” x 11”, 40 pound inkjet, 50 two-sided sheets, 
unopened package - $10. HP Premium plus glossy photo 
paper, 8 1/2” x 11”, 50 sheets (2 available), unopened 
package - $20/each or $30/both. Call/text   619-347-0736. 
Listing ID:  49919681 at ucsdguardian.org for more infor-
mation

Pair of Odyssey Turntable Flight Cases - $120 - Pair of black 
Odyssey turntable flight case for $120, no major scratches 
or dents, txt if your interested, to trades or tats!! 858 337 
9824. Listing ID:  49830447 at ucsdguardian.org for more 
information

Samsung Galaxy S III - $400 - I’m changing providers and 
will not need my Samsung Galaxy S III anymore, the phone 
has served me well and has no problems. It is rooted and 
has a custom ROM on it. I’ll walk you through what that 
means if you are interested in buying the phone. Rooting 
its like a jail break for iphone. The phone retails for $600 
plus tax, so $400 Is a pretty good deal. Phone still has its 
warranty and has not been dropped as you can tell with 
the phones body. Send an e-mail if your interested or have 
any other questions. Listing ID: 49830441 at ucsdguardian.
org for more informaton

EquipmEnt
Ozark Trail Portable Hammock - $55 - Bought $100. Come 
with box, still in brand new condition, use only once in 
my backyard. Very easy to set up, less than three minutes, 
and store away in less than two minutes. Try to clear 
space. Durable steel frame construction. Includes carry 
bag with shoulder strap. Nice Blue color (L x W x H): 35” x 
97.5” x 29” Link: www.walmart.com/ip/Ozark-Trail-Portable-
Hammock/10710719? Please call 619-793-9441 or text 
619-345-0336 if interested. Thanks. Note: camp, camping, 
outdoor, overnight, over night, potable, convenient, con-
venience, solid frame, durable, light, cup holder, carry case, 
stable sleep. Listing ID: 49919713 at ucsdguardian.org for 
more information

Ray Lewis Jersey White Game - $55 - Ray lewis .white game 
jersey with size XXL. Everything is sewn!!! Great Jersey! 
Call 619-218-5313 or text no later than 11:00pm please. 
$605 OBO. I accept paypal and cash only. i can text u more 
images. Listing ID: 49830479 at ucsdguardian.org for more 
information

Sony Waterproof Camera Case - $10 - I am selling a Sony 
Cyber shot Waterproof camera case. I used this overseas 
twice...it is very reliable and in terrific condition.   Model 
NO: MPK-PHB Retail for $199. Selling for $10. Explore 
the depths of the ocean with the MPK-PHB marine pack 
from Sony. Made of rugged A.B.S. plastic and glass, it was 
designed to protect your DSC-P100 Cyber-shot® digital 
camera to a depth up to 132ft. The MPK-PHB also defends 
your camera from rough weather, like rain or snow. Its 
compact  design features bright yellow highlights so it’s 
easy to identify in low visibility. This is no longer offered 
by Sony.. so, it is rare... If interested, call or Text Paul 619-
804-5126. Listing ID:  49830476 at ucsdguardian.org for 
more information



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

head coach Patti Gerckens relieved 
the freshman with sophomore 
Escamilla, who got taken for four 
runs in the third inning.

Neither team was able to generate 
any offense for the next four frames, 
until the Seawolves recorded five 
runs in the top of the seventh inning.

GAME 4 — UCSD 1, Sonoma 
State 0

Junior right-hander Jennifer 
Manuel — recently removed from 
the disabled list — went eight 

innings against the Seawolves, giving 
up just two hits. The 1–0 win marks 
Manuel’s second of the season. The 
junior has allowed just eight runs in 
her 22.1 innings pitched, for an ERA 
of just 1.25.

The Tritons recorded the only 
run of the game in the bottom of 
the eighth inning, as redshirt sopho-
more Taylor Sepulveda doubled to 
right center, advanced to third on 
a fielding error and slid home on a 
throwing error.

ELECTIONS

2013

AS
SO

CIATED STUDENTS

For more information, visit as.ucsd.edu/elections or contact the asgeneral@ucsd.edu.

A.S. is looking for its
next Team of SUPERleaders

Apply NOW at
as.ucsd.edu/elections. 

applications due 

march 8

their winning streak and capture the 
conference lead. 

While the women need the vic-
tory for seeding purposes, the men’s 
basketball team desperately needs its 
last two games to keep its playoff 
hopes alive. As it currently stands, 
UCSD is 9–11 in the conference and 
sits in seventh place. Only the top 
eight teams have spots at the CCAA 
playoffs, which means UCSD has not 
yet clinched a spot.

The men’s team will have an 
opportunity to give itself a cush-
ion as it plays eighth-seeded team 
Sonoma State, which currently holds 
an 8–12 record. UCSD defeated 
Sonoma State comfortably 85–65 in 
its last meeting. The Tritons did not 
have the same success against San 

Francisco State in their last match-
up, losing 55–70 in San Francisco. 
UCSD holds a tiebreaker over its 
conference opponent Humboldt 
State, which currently sits in the 
number nine spot in the standings.

The Triton women will host the 
first round of the playoffs on March 
5, and if they can lock up the No. 1 
seed, they will play the eighth seed, 
up for grabs between San Francisco 
State and Sonoma State.

The men will have to play their 
first round on the road, which will 
either be against second-seed Cal 
State San Bernardino if the Tritons 
are able to maintain the No. 7 seed, or 
first-seeded Cal Poly Pomona if they 
fall to the No. 8 seed.

Men’s and Women’s Basketball to Play 
Sonoma State and San Francisco State

readers can contact
MATT SM ITH    m7sm ith@ucsd.edu 

▶ BASKETBALL, from page 12

Tritons Split Four-Game Series With 
Sonoma, to Face Monterey This Week  

readers can contact
RACH EL U DA     ruda@ucsd.edu 

▶ SOFTBALL, from page 12

AlwIN SzeTo /Guardian file

NolAN ThoMAS /Guardian file



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

2012–2013 
UCSD  

Athletics 
All-Academic 

Team
Last Monday, Feb. 25, the UCSD 

Athletics Department announced its 
first annual All-Academic Team for 
the 2012-2013 season. 

A total of 20 Tritons were rec-
ognized. Each student-athlete will 
receive a $500 scholarship to go 
toward tuition. To qualify, the stu-
dent-athlete must have a cumulative 
GPA of at least 3.5 and must have 
participated on the squad for the 
entire previous season.

Corbin Wirta 
Baseball

MacKenzie McCullough 
Men’s Basketball
Rachel Marty  

Women’s Basketball
Zack Attaran  

Men’s Crew
Michaela Kazek  

Women’s Crew
Ben Rich 

Men’s Cross Country
Melissa Le Roux  

Women’s Cross Country
Alexandra Stanley 

Women’s Fencing
Andisheh Bagheri  

Men’s Soccer
Cassie Callahan 
Women’s Soccer
Luke Calkins 

Men’s Swimming and Diving
Natalie Mouzooni  

Women’s Swimming and Diving
Maxence Dutreix  

Men’s Tennis
Kellie Taylor 

Women’s Tennis
Clint Rosser  

Men’s Track and Field 
Natalie Lomayesva  

Women’s Track and Field
Sebastian Brady  
Men’s Volleyball
Lauren Demos 

Women’s Volleyball
Brian Donohoe  
Men’s Water Polo
Andie Nishimi  

Women’s Water Polo

Jockeying for Position
Women have a chance to claim regular season title; 

men seek to maintain playoff seeding.

The UCSD men’s and women’s basketball regular seasons come to an end this week. Both will play this Thursday, Feb. 
28 in a penultimate bout against Sonoma State 
and then again on Friday, March 1 against San 
Francisco State. The women kick off play at 
5:30 p.m., with the men to follow at 8:30 p.m. 
The games will be played at home.

The women’s team is currently tied atop the 
conference standings with Chico State; each 
school holds a 16–4 record. Chico State fell 
in its last game against Cal State Los Angeles, 
leaving the door open for UCSD to claim the 
top spot. If UCSD can win its last two games, 
they will take first place in the conference and 
head into the tournament as the No. 1 seed. 
The Tritons already defeated Chico State twice 

this season, which gives them the tiebreaker 
and allows them to claim sole possession of 
first place. If successful, the women’s team will 
finish the regular season in first for the second 
consecutive season.

 The Tritons have defeated both upcoming 
opponents before this season. The women beat 
Sonoma State 62–45 on the road in January. 
In a much closer game, they pulled out a 
53–51 victory against San Francisco State a 
day earlier on Jan. 25. UCSD was previously 
on a nine-game winning streak before it fell 
to Cal State East Bay, but bounced back in its 
most recent game and beat Cal State Monterey 
Bay 56–44. The Tritons will look to extend 

BASKETBALL

See BASKETBALL, page 11

Dropping out of the national 
rankings last weekend after going 
1-for-6 at the Division II Leadoff 
Classic, UCSD split its first confer-
ence series against Sonoma State this 
week at home.

For the past two seasons, the 
matchup between UCSD and the 
No. 19 Seawolves has promised the 
tightest pitching duels in the confer-
ence, between 2012 UCSD gradu-
ate Camille Gaito and Sonoma ace 
Samantha Lipperd. Last weekend, 
Lipperd and company kept the 
Tritons to just four runs in the four-
game series, while Lipperd allowed 
just three hits in her two full games. 
In contrast, the Tritons did not 
show much in the way of defense, as 
sophomores Kayla Hensel, Michelle 
Escamilla and freshman Alexis 
Edwards combined to give up 17 
runs.

UCSD will now prepare for its 
first conference road series. The 
Tritons will travel up to Cal State 
Monterey Bay this weekend, March 

1 and March 2. The Otters are 10–7 
after going 1–2 against Cal State 
East Bay.

GAME 1 — Sonoma State 4, 
UCSD 0

Freshman leadoff hitter Callie 
Grant was the only Triton to record 
a hit against the Seawolves in the 
series opener. Grant notched a dou-
ble in the bottom of the first but was 
stranded after the next three Tritons 
popped up and out.

Sonoma State catcher Kelsi 
Chinen homered in the top of the 
second inning to give the Seawolves 
the early 1–0 lead. Sonoma State 
kept piling on from there, adding 
two runs in the fourth inning and 
one run in the sixth.

GAME 2 — UCSD 3, Sonoma 
State 2

The Tritons fared far better with 
Lipperd off the mound, tallying 11 
hits against the Otters. 

UCSD went down by two runs 
early and did not manage to get on 
the board until the fourth inning, 

when freshman Amani Proctor — 
pinch-running for junior Caitlin 
Brown — was brought around the 
bases to bring the Tritons to with-
in one point. UCSD picked up its 
second run in the fifth inning as 
junior Emily McQuaid doubled to 
left field and was advanced to third 
off a sacrifice bunt. McQuaid was 
brought home by a double by Nicole 
Spangler — her sixth double of the 
season.

The Tritons took the lead in the 
bottom of the seventh off anoth-
er RBI from Spangler brought 
McQuaid in to score. 

GAME 3 — Sonoma State 11, 
UCSD 1

UCSD recorded its only run in 
the bottom of the first inning. Grant 
— batting leadoff — singled to 
start, stole second and was brought 
home from a single by cleanup hit-
ter Brown.

After a solid start by fresh-
man southpaw Edwards, UCSD 

Tritons Have Room for Improvement 
The UCSD softball team split its first conference series with Sonoma State.

SOFTBALL

See SOFTBALL, page 11

BY  RACH EL  U DA  Sports editor

BeATRIz BAjUleSoS /Guardian file

BY  MATT  SMITH  STAFF WRITER   photo   by  alwin  szeto


	010713NewsNEW
	022813OPINION
	022813WEEKEND
	022813OPINION
	022813_Classifieds_PG10
	022813SPORTS

