
history's  mystery seVeN  seNtthe  skiNNy  oN  A  &  F 
"thirty  blocks" art  piece 7  tritons  compete  at  ncaasexclusivity explained
features, Page   7 sPorts,  Page  12opinon,  Page   4

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 57 TUESDAY, MAY 28, 2013 www.UcSDgUArDIAn.Org

sUN  GoD  Crime  stAts

rePorts  By  LoCAtioN

248
totAL  rePorts

3
mAriJUANA  CitAtioNs

108
ALCohoL  CoNtACt

22
Arrests

49
trANsPorteD  to  DetoX

17
iNJUries

25
DistUrBANCes

erC 

31
mArshALL

19
WArreN

12
siXth

7
mUir

8
reVeLLe

3
the ViLLAGe

32

A.s.  CoUNCiL

Students File Grievance 
Against A.S. Council

The Judicial Board will rule on claims against Council alleging 
that six years of college council funding were withheld.

ACADemiC  AFFAirs

UCSD
Libraries to 
Be Further 
Consolidated
Transitions toward a 
centralized library system 
will include eliminatng 
discipline-based collections.

UCSD’s discipline-based libraries, 
which include the Biomedical Library 
and academic collections within Geisel 
Library, will be eliminated beginning 
June 30 as part of further internal 
restructuring for university librar-
ies. Following these transitions, the 
Arts, Science and Engineering and 
Social Sciences and Humanities librar-
ies within Geisel, in addition to the 
Biomedical Library, will become part 
of a single cohesive library structure in 
efforts to centralize the Libraries.

A campus notice was sent out last 
Thursday that informed all faculty, 
staff and students of the transition.

“We as an organization are tran-
sitioning from a decentralized, disci-
pline-based branch library model to 
a leaner, more centralized, program-
based organization,” Geisel librarian 
Brian Schottlaender said in the notice. 
“These changes will enable us to pro-
vide a more integrated and centralized 
suite of services and resources to our 
campus community, while maintain-
ing the excellent and responsive user 

By  sarah  m oon  senior staff writer

See library, page 3

Several former councilmembers have filed a grievance against A.S. Council over six years of withheld fund-ing they say is owed to each of the six college councils.
The complaint report — filed last week by students 

Leonard Bobbitt, Travis Miller and Sammy Chang — alleges 
that UCSD’s Associated Students violated their own con-
stitution as well as UCSD and UC Office of the President 
policy by failing to allocate the mandated funding of 65 
cents per student per quarter to college councils since 2006.

“This grievance was a culmination of more than three 
years and four A.S. presidential administrations, includ-
ing the [Andy] Buselt administration, who has stated that 
they are committed to college council funding but made 
no indication — especially in the budget allocation — that 
this will be happening,” former Associate Vice President 
of Academic Affairs Chang said. “It’s time for Associated 
Students to be actually representing students and their 
wishes via referendums.”

According to Chang — who also ran for A.S. president 
earlier this quarter — and former Associate Vice President 
of College Affairs Bobbitt, council has an obligation to 
fund the college councils due to referenda passed in 1985 
and 1987 supporting a locked-in allocation of 50 cents 
(increased to 65 cents in 1987) to college councils. Language 
in the A.S. constitution also states that should council wish 
to eliminate such fees, changes must be initiated by a stu-
dent referendum. Without any fee reductions, however, A.S. 
Council becomes legally responsible for allocating the 65 
cents collected from each student each quarter to the college 
councils — funding that has not been provided to college 
councils since the 2006–2007 school year.

“Technically, the fee is still being collected,” Bobbitt 
said, “meaning that the money is there. It’s not a lack of 
funds that’s the problem in this situation — it’s the lack of 

By  aleksan dra  konstanti novic & m ekala  N eelakantan
Senior staff writers

See grievance, page 3

phOTO bY ALwIn SzETO/guardian

phOTO bY bEATrIz bAjUELOS /guardian

A.S. Council President Andy Buselt spoke briefly about the filed grievance at the weekly council meet-
ing on Wednesday, May 22.



2 T h E  U c S D  g U A r D I A n  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A r D I A n . O r g  N e W s

to.ucsd.edu
Outfitting Tritons since 2009

Meager Mouse by rebekah Dyer

KN-CoMiCs by Khanh nguyen

BrieFs
▶ Bomb threats made to 
Islamic school in San Diego: 
San Diego Police are currently 
investigating a series of bomb 
threats made against the Islamic 
School of San Diego. The most 
recent threat came last Saturday 
when a caller left two voice 
mails on the school’s answering 
machine, threatening to throw a 
bomb at the school. According 
to police, both calls came from 
the same phone number. The 
threats were not discovered 
until Monday morning, accord-
ing to Edgar Hopida, spokes-
man for the San Diego chapter 
of the Council on American-
Islamic Relations. On Tuesday, 
the council announced that the 
recent threats would be inves-
tigated as hate crimes. A simi 
lar bomb threat was issued on 
April 28, only a few weeks after 
the Boston Marathon bombings. 
Police have offered extra patrol 
security to the school in light of 
the threats. 

▶ SIO Introduces New Center: 
UCSD’s Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography has intro-
duced a new Scripps Center 
for Oceans and Human 
Health, focusing on research 
in environmental threats. The 
$6 million center — fund-
ed by the National Institutes 
of Health and the National 
Science Foundation — will 
begin projects investigat-
ing biological contaminants 
including halogenated organ-
ic compounds and their role 
in threatening public health.

“Scripps [Institution] of 
Oceanography is extreme-
ly proud to be the home of 
the new Scripps Center for 
Oceans and Human Health,” 
Scripps Interim Director 
Catherine Constable said in 
a UCSD News Center release. 
“After almost 110 years, 
Scripps continues to expand 
the scope of its contributions 
to science and society.”

▶ UCSD prepares major 
national survey: What 
is human?: UCSD is in the 
process of preparing a major 
national survey focusing on 
one general question: What 
is a human? Chair of sociol-
ogy John Evans is spearheading 
the project, which he has been 
working on for months. Evans 
has interviewed approximate-
ly 90 people from San Diego 
County, asking a series of ques-
tions in relation to his focus. 
According to Evans, people 
have provided various answers, 
including religious responses — 
saying that humans are people 
created in the image of God — 
and more biological approach-
es. The variety in responses is 
aiding Evans in determining 
which words he will use when 
addressing his question to 
1,400 people nationwide. The 
survey will take place later this 
year with the data release the 
data within two years.

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. Ten ThoUSAnD Cho ChAnGS.

General editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

news: news@ucsdguardian.org
Managing; managing@ucsdguardian.org

opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&e: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
noelle Batema

Marketing 
nicholas Paladino

Advertising Assistants 
Vivek Medepalli, Audrey Sechrest, Darren Shim

Advertising Design 
Alfredo h. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
 Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van

Training and Development Manager
Madeline Mann

Laira Martin

zev hurwitz

Mekala neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

hilary Lee

Lauren Koa

rachel Uda

Stacey chien

jean Lee
Vincent pham

jacey Aldredge

Dieter jourbet

brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

zoë Mccracken

jeffrey Lau

janella payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

Arielle Sallai

editor in chief

Managing editor

news editor

associate news editor

Opinion editor

associate Opinion editor

Sports editor

Features editor

associate lifestyle editors

a&e editor

associate a&e editor

Photo editor

associate Photo editor

Design editor

associate Design editor

art editor

associate art editor

copy editor

associate copy editor

Web editor

Editorial Assistants
Mozelle Armijo, Rachel huang, Jacqueline Kim, 

Shelby newallis, Kelvin noronha

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Kate Galloway, Rachel huang,                    

Jacqueline Kim 

ACADEMIC AFFAIRS: robby  Boparai

ENTERPRISE OPERATIONS: ireNe  ChANG

ENVIRONMENTAL & SOCIAL JUSTICE: JiLLiAN  DU

DIVERSITY AFFAIRS: osCAr  GomeZ

CONCERTS & EVENTS: sArAh  hArLey

COLLEGE AFFAIRS: meeNA  kAUshik

STUDENT ADVOCACY: ALeX  NoroNhA

LOCAL AFFAIRS: ALLysoN  osorio

STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS: reBeCCA  rANGeL

ATHLETIC RELATIONS: mAttheW  sAPieN

STUDENT SERVICES: JohN  WeNG

AVP Appointmentsby  mekala  neelakantan  News editor&  sarah  moon  senior staff writer

 At their Wednesday, May 22 meeting, A.S. Council announced 
appointments for the 2013-2014 Associate Vice Presidents. 
Elects include previous AVP Student Services John Weng and 
campuswide senators Irene Chang and Allyson Osorio. 



N e W s  T h E  U c S D  g U A r D I A n  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A r D I A n . O r g  3

Saturday, May 18
12:13 a.m.: Vehicle Stop
▶A 27-year-old male valet was stopped 
at Torrey Pines Scenic Drive and North 
Torrey Pines for a DUI of alcohol and 
for being under the influence of drugs. 
Closed by adult arrest.
2:04 a.m.: Disturbance, Fight
▶A 26-year-old female caregiver was 
acting disorderly while intoxicated at 
RIMAC Field. Report taken.
2:16 a.m.: Disturbance, General
▶The subject at Village East 1 was 
throwing bottles out the windows of 
the tower. Information only.
3:23 p.m.: Incomplete Wireless Call
▶The reporting party misdialed and 
hung up in Tioga Hall. Checks OK.

Monday, May 20
8:56 a.m.: Gas/Water/Sewer Leak
▶The street was flooding at Gilman 
Drive and Myers Drive. Checks OK.
7:20 p.m.: Non-Injury Accident
▶A UC vehicle parked close to the 
exit of the car wash in Lot 504 and 
was damaged when a UC shuttle bus 
activated the car wash. Report taken.
8:54 p.m.: Unknown Injury Accident
▶A car drove into a dead end at North 
Torrey Pines Road and Genesee 
Avenue. Referred to other agency — 
San Diego Police Department.

Tuesday, May 21
9:50 a.m.: Trespass
▶An adult male refused to leave the 
Thornton Hospital ER; he was argu-
mentative but not combative. Field 
interview.
1:53 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶An unknown person climbed over a 
construction site fence and requested 
extra patrol. Information only.
9:00 p.m.: Suspicious Person
▶A 27-year-old male at the Warren 
Student Activity Center was stopped 
for being a possible bike caser. He was 
arrested for being in possession of a 
weapon at school, taking a weapon 
(non-firearm) from a peace officer, 

obstructing a public officer, possession 
of burglary tools and theft of bicycle or 
bicycle part. Closed by adult arrest.

Wednesday, May 22
Time Unknown: Non-Injury 
Accident
▶The reporting party was struck 
by a shuttle bus at Price Center — 
will make a report at a later time. 
Information only.
8:59 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶A juvenile son was with his father, 
who does not have custody, at Lebon 
Drive. Juvenile returned to mother’s 
home.
9:20 p.m.: Non-Injury Accident
▶In Lot 507, a C shuttle bus collided 
with a bollard. Report taken.

Thursday, May 23
1:06 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶There was an intoxicated female at 
Douglas Hall, her roommates prom-
ised to take care of her. Checks OK.
11:24 a.m.: Non-Injury Accident
▶Vehicle vs. curb at Scholars Drive 
South and Muir Lane. Information 
only.
11:43 a.m.: Fire
▶There was black smoke coming 
from the roof area of the Biomedical 
Sciences Building. False alarm.
3:00 p.m.: Vandalism
▶The mailbox at the Chancellor’s 
Residence was damaged; the damage 
was worth $325. Report taken.
6:26 p.m.: Preserve the Peace
▶The reporting party wanted to pick 
up their child from their estranged 
spouse. Information only.
7:13 p.m.: Information
▶There were two party buses in Lot 
705. Information only.
9:21 p.m.: Welfare Check
▶There was a report of an incoherent 
subject sitting at the Sun God statue. 
Gone on arrival.

— REBECCA HORWITZ
Senior Staff Writer

LiGhts & sireNs Lights and Sirens is compiled from thePolice Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

services our library users have come to 
expect from us.”

The internal restructuring pro-
cess began last year and will continue 
through Fall Quarter 2013. As part of 
the most recent update, the name “UC 
San Diego Libraries”  — including 
Geisel and the Biomedical Library — 
will change to “UC San Diego Library.”

“This name better reflects our new 
organization and, we hope, our new 
structure will result in greater econo-
mies of scale and eliminate redun-
dancies across our organization,” 
Schottlaender said.

The library reconstruction aims 
to meet the main needs of faculty and 

students, including the high demand 
for digital services and resources, as 
well as the request for a variety of 
study spaces. The trend in transition-
ing from print access to digital access 
across academic libraries nation-
wide has also influenced the internal 
reconstruction.  

According to the library website’s 
information on transitions and con-
solidations, restructuring is not antici-
pated to negatively impact faculty, stu-
dents or other users. Access to library 
services, such as book check-out, 
course reserves and Interlibrary Loan, 
are scheduled to continue.

Although discipline-based librar-
ies will no longer function as sepa-
rate units, services and resources from 

Geisel Library, the Biomedical Library, 
the Scripps Archives, Library Annex 
and the Miramar Road Storage Annex 
will continue to be offered in the same 
building locations. 

Many staff members and librar-
ians will remain in the same locations, 
although some will be reassigned and 
relocated to different areas. 

In addition, a new program devot-
ed to “Library Spaces” will be included 
in the new organizational structure. 
The program will manage the user 
spaces in all library buildings, help-
ing to identify ways to enhance and 
improve the spaces.

oversight and all of the over-spending. 
A.S. should’ve never been touching 
this money to begin with. It started 
expanding its own programs with 
money that didn’t belong to it.”

Bobbitt explained that paying the 
fee is essential due to the precedent it 
creates, saying that if A.S. Council does 
not have to fund this referendum, it 
would have a basis from which to stop 
funding all referenda, including pro-
tected parts of its constitution, such as 
SPACES and the Student Sustainability 
Collective. 

As a result, A.S. Council now 
owes a total of $248,144.85 in ret-
roactive funding to the six college 
councils, according to Bobbitt’s report. 
Following the mandated minimum 
allocation, A.S. Council would provide 
$44,070 in college council funding for 
the 2013–2014 year alone.

“A.S. [Council] should be will-
ing to compromise and be willing 
to fund the 65 cents for the college 
councils,” Warren College Student 
Council Judicial Board Chair Peter 

Buchowiecki said.
Former Eleanor Roosevelt College 

Student Council President Aaron 
Tumamao also expressed displeasure 
at funding cuts, saying that with the 
introduction of new student organi-
zations, the current college council 
would benefit from funding. 

“This year, our council really 
wished that we received A.S. funding, 
especially with our new student orga-
nizations,” Tumamao said. 

Chang, Bobbitt and Miller are pro-
posing either a transparent elimination 
of the fee through a student referen-
dum — in order to legally reduce obli-
gations to fund college councils — or a 
reinstitution of funding in accordance 
with the 1987 referendum.

A.S. President Andy Buselt — 
who did not respond to a Guardian 
request for an interview by press time 
— addressed the grievance during an 
open forum as part of the weekly A.S. 
Council meeting on May 22.

“We’re trying to find a solution 
that’ll work for us and for the councils,” 
Buselt said. “But be ready that this isn’t 
something that’s going to go away by 

fall quarter.”
Vice President of Finance Sean 

O’Neal recently included an amount of 
$7,345 in funding toward the college 
councils in A.S. Council’s projected 
2013–2014 summer budget once he 
learned about the grievances — the 
first time since 2006 that the bud-
get has included such an allocation. 
According to Chang, the addition 
came after A.S. Council learned about 
the grievances that were filed. 

“I hope that this [grievance] opens 
the eyes of the Associated Students 
that it is essential [that] any and all 
referendums passed by students — no 
matter the era — is adhered,” Chang 
said. “It’s completely inappropriate for 
any A.S. to ignore historical precedents 
and favor their own agenda.”

A formal hearing presided over by 
the A.S. Judicial Board is scheduled to 
take place on June 5.

O’Neal and representatives from 
UCOP did not respond to interview 
requests by press time.

Officials: Transitions Are Not Expected to Negatively Impact Users

Council Currently Owes $248,144.85 in Retroactive Funds

▶ geiSel, from page 1

▶ grievance, from page 1

readers can contact

readers can contact

sarah  moon     smoon@ucsd.edu

News  editors     news@ucsdguardian.org 



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U e S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

Graduating seniors should consider 
the benefits of taking a gap year before 
continuing their higher education or 

jumping into the workforce.

Filling the Gap Our Political 
Views Aren’t 
As Stable As 
We Think

Few things can make people as angry as political discussion. Be it tax policy, abortion or 
civil liberties, some of us stick firmly 
to our beliefs and ignore any and all 
arguments to the contrary. Despite 
this passion, our political beliefs are 
more fluid than we would like to 
believe. Personal experiences can 
shift one’s ideology, and our conver-
sations with others should reflect 
that our political views can and often 
do change swiftly.

I, for one, entered college as a 
bit of a socialist who believed that 
President Obama was too right-wing. 
But classes in economics, public 
finance, and political science shifted 
my beliefs toward a more pro-estab-
lishment perspective. Furthermore, 
I disliked leftist clubs on campus 
because of how ideologically charged 
they were. It seemed they disregarded 
any belief that didn’t already fit in 
with their preconceived worldview, 
which made me not want to associate 
with them politically. None of this is 
to say that I am more correct about 
political beliefs than others; rather, it 
shows that my experiences over the 
past four years significantly shaped 
my new opinions.

Nor am I alone in my “evolution.” 
The general populace also politically 
shifts over time. A 2007 study in the 
American Sociological Review found 
that as people aged, they became 
more accepting of changing societal 
norms. Later in life, survey respon-
dents were more likely to be tolerant 
of homosexuals, have more liberal 
attitudes toward premarital sex or 
believe that women could be capable 
breadwinners. This could also argu-
ably be attributed to these people’s 
personal experiences over time.

Our political opinions are 
much more malleable than we may 
think they are, even in the short 
term. Researchers from Ohio State 
University and Colorado State 
University split a group of 178 college 
students into two groups — one that 
watched a crime drama, and another 
that watched an unrelated drama — 
to test the show’s influence on their 
views. The students who watched the 
crime drama were more likely to sup-
port the death penalty compared to 
the control group, regardless of their 
original political affiliation.

Tracing the lives of politicians fur-
ther confirms that our political beliefs 
are hardly static. Hillary Clinton was 
originally a Republican, and Ronald 
Reagan was originally a Democrat. 
Since 1980, 16 members of the House 
of Representatives have switched their 
party affiliations. Even here in San 
Diego, political affiliations are chang-
ing: Former Assemblyman and UCSD 
Professor of Practice Nathan Fletcher 
moved from the Republican Party to 
an Independent and then, recently, 
to the Democratic Party. President 
Barack Obama recanted his opposi-
tion on same-sex marriage after an 
outburst by Vice President Joe Biden 
forced him to address the issue.

Political loyalties are not set in 
stone, and new experiences may 
change how we view the world. One’s 
life path may genuinely lead him or 
her to a different political outlook, 
but it is hardly a final state. The fluid-
ity of political beliefs further suggests 
that our differences are not innate 
and that conversations about politics 
are not truly as divisive a subject as 
conventional wisdom has held.

Quick  Takes
AmericAn clothing brAnd Abercrombie & fitch is going though A mediA wildfire After ceo 
mike jeffries’ quote in A 2006 interview with sAlon mAgAzine resurfAced this month: “A lot of 
people don’t belong [in our clothes], And they cAn’t belong. Are we exclusionAry? Absolutely.” 

Abercrombie & Fitch is sparking debate for 
openly targeting the “attractive all-American” 
kids, as CEO Mike Jeffries put it. Despite its 
negative message about body image and appear-
ance, A&F is entitled to its own views because it 
is a private enterprise. Shoppers opposed to the 
retailer’s stance can easily choose to shop else-
where instead of trying to “better” a company that 
is firm in its judgments.

A&F has carefully built up its public image 
over the years, and if the shirtless men with six 
packs outside of its stores aren’t enough indication, 
the company is proud of it. A&F is a manifestation 
of Jeffries’ vision of the quintessential American 
youth: cool, fit and beautiful. This viewpoint may 
not be nice or politically correct, but in line with 
the First Amendment, Jeffries has every right to 
his viewpoints as it does not directly harm others. 

Although this stance may influence self-con-
sciousness about body image, A&F is certainly 
not the first corporation to do so. In her film 
“Killing Us Softly 3,” Jean Kilbourne points out 
how the entire entertainment industry has cre-
ated preconceived notions about what is consid-
ered beauty and what the right look is. Almost 
every company, ranging from Urban Outfitters 
to Banana Republic, has models who portray 
the type of people it wants to wear its clothing. 
A&F is simply more vocal than other companies 
about its opinion.

The retailer may be promoting negative 
perceptions about ideal body weights, but crit-
ics should remember that shopping at A&F is a 
choice, not an obligation. 

— sharon lay
Staff Writer

Exclusive Marketing Strategy Is What 
Makes A&F Popular and Successful

Abercrombie Should Be More Inclusive 
by Offering Larger Sizes to Customers

Private Companies and Consumers 
Are Entitled to Their Own Decisions

For over a decade, Abercrombie & Fitch has 
fostered a policy to discriminate against people 
who do not maintain their narrow-minded defini-
tion of a classic American. The company should 
follow the lead of stores like Old Navy and Forever 
21, which market to the same age demographic 
yet still include larger sizes to accommodate the 
average-sized consumer.

A&F alienates plus-sized individuals by only 
offering waist sizes up to 10 for women and 34 
for men. The average sized-woman and man is, 
according to a 2008 survey conducted by the market 
research firm Mintel, a size 14 and 44 respectively. 
Carrying only these size ranges caters to only 36 
percent of the American population. 

This exclusionary choice is not only wrong 
because it promotes and propagates an unrealistic 
body image, but is also a poor marketing technique. 
According to the May 2013 Forbes.com article 
“Why Floundering Abercrombie Should Reconsider 
Snubbing the Full-Figured Set,” A&F has been losing 
popularity and shares to its more inclusive competi-
tors H&M and American Eagle, which offer wom-
en’s sizes up to 16 and 18 respectively. H&M also has 
a plus-size line that offers sizes 14–24. Ignoring this 
demographic means ignoring the $13.9 billion dol-
lars plus-sized consumers spent this year.

CEO Mike Jeffries’ bigoted comments estrange 
most Americans and suggest that only thin and 
ripped people are “sexy” and attractive. Including 
larger sizes would be the first step in redefining 
A&F’s image away from outdated, sexualized ideals 
of beauty, to an image that instead promotes healthy, 
active lifestyles. 

— alia bales
Staff Writer

Those trying on Abercrombie & Fitch clothes 
for the first time have probably asked themselves 
why the company doesn’t carry larger sizes. A&F 
offers limited sizes, but this is a marketing strategy 
that brings the retailer its current popularity.

A&F uses narrow focus groups to its advan-
tage. John Hegarty, co-founder of British mar-
keting agency Bartle Bogle Hegarty, claims that 
profitable brands act as “filters” that both attract 
and exclude consumers. A&F publicly markets 
to the so-called “good-looking” crowd, but this is 
positive from a financial standpoint because A&F 
is reaching its intended audience.  

CEO Mike Jeffries wants certain people to be 
seen sporting his clothes in order to attract more 
people from that subset of the population to his 
stores. In turn, this makes customers feel exclu-
sive and confident when they wear the brand. 
Setting forth the reputation of a company’s ideal 
consumers helps buyers decide whether that 
brand is relevant to them.

A&F may discriminate on the basis of cloth-
ing size, but high-end designer brands also do 
so on the basis of wealth. Rolls Royce, Louis 
Vuitton and other successful brands are exclu-
sionary as their products are not easily afford-
able to the average consumer. No one seems to 
rebuke these brands, so it is unfair that A&F is 
being singled out for its exclusivity. 

Just like the way consumers pick and choose 
the products they like, businesses like A&F also 
have set audiences in mind. Jeffries doesn’t neces-
sarily disdain those outside his target demographic 
— it’s all in the name of marketing.

— shannon kang
Staff Writer

This year’s graduating college seniors are entering their final month of college, enjoying the last few weeks of sunshine, beaches and beer. Before heading off to a career of staring at a 
blue computer screen and avoiding their office’s “Dwight Schrute” until 
work ends at 5 p.m., students must think about the prospects of life 
after graduating, which is especially a concern for those who don’t have 
every step of their lives planned out. College burnout is real, and in 
certain situations, it’s the right decision to take a year off before going 
to graduate school or immediately jumping into the job circuit.

Post-college gap years are defined as the year or two between school 
and “real life” when students travel the world, relax and live without 
the constraints of a stringent 9-to-5 schedule. This discretionary period 
of time is meant to be a refresher and a go-between for students who 
aren’t yet ready to take out more loans for graduate school or settle for 
a lackluster job. Gap years help take students’ minds off the monoto-
nous grind that is associated with living midterm-to-midterm.

Of course, the value of pursuing a gap year also depends on what 
one wants to do with that spare time. Partying in France for a summer 
would be nice, but getting an internship or doing volunteer work — 
low-level jobs or activities that may or may not interest you — could 

be a more realistic route for students who don’t know the answer to the 
dreaded question, “What are you going to do after graduation?”

According to Dean of Admissions Asha Rangappa at Yale Law 
School, only 20 percent of students enroll straight out of college. 
Rangappa states that gap years benefit applicants because they are 
able to write more reflective essays once they’ve taken time off intern-
ing or working at a job that pertains to their field. With competition 
for graduate school admissions on the rise, gap year experience can 
function as a tiebreaker for those who choose to venture out of their 
comfort zone for a year or take a break before leaping straight into the 
educational system.

However, the decision rests mostly on the individual student. 
Not everyone has the freedom to take a year or two off, because 
loans — and time — are not on their side. According to the National 
Association for College Admission Counseling, roughly one in every 
three American students transfers from a two-year college to a four-
year university. With schools overpopulated, many students take five 
or even six years to graduate. The decision to take a gap year remains a 

See gap year, page 5

By   andy Liu   Senior Staff Writer 
i llustrati on   by j effrey  lau

saad  asad  sasad@ucsd.edupolitics  as  usual



O P i N i O N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U e S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  5

risky decision, and time off could 
be detrimental if an individual has 
no set career path or goals.

The second reason why students 
won’t take a year off is as simple 
as any: money. American Student 
Assistance states that 60 percent of 
students acquire debt while they 
attend a four-year undergraduate 
university. The statistic doesn’t 
even begin to take into account 
students who struggle to make loan 
payments at the graduate, law, busi-
ness or medical school level. While 
numbers may be intimidating, 
taking a gap year can still work for 
students who have preexisting debt. 
Students who spend their gap years 
working can use funds from more 

immediate pay to help finance 
further education while enjoying 
the opportunity to gain real-world 
experience for their resumes.

Although jumping into some-
thing that’s socially applicable to 
the “real life” trope might be a diffi-
cult thing to do, it can be extremely 
beneficial in the long run to take 
a year off to do something new or 
different. A gap year experience can 
both support resume-building and 
set an individual apart in a com-
petitive job market. Between choos-
ing a hiatus from school or work 
in your early 20s or succumbing to 
one during a mid-life crisis, taking 
advantage of youth and freedom 
as a young adult is likely the wiser 
choice. Students with fewer person-
al commitments and financial con-

straints (i.e. having dependents or 
a family as a young adult), should 
seize the opportunity, because they 
may later find that a gap year is 
the only time to pursue their other 
goals or interests.

Taking a year off can work in 
both the short and long term, but 
only if graduates map out their 
journey and goals from that point 
onward. It is important to take the 
time to weigh all of the pros and 
cons of a gap year instead of delving 
unprepared into the uncertainties 
of your own future. Ultimately, the 
decision comes down to each indi-
vidual person and not an averaged 
statistic derived from the masses.

Preparing
for success and 
the CPA exam.
Pepperdine’s Master of Science in Accounting (MSA) 

is an intensive program that prepares you for a career 

in public accounting, industry, government, and the 

nonprofi t sector. The 30-unit curriculum can be completed 

in as few as nine months and is designed for those who 

seek the academic preparation and credits required for 

CPA licensure in California and most other states.

bschool.pepperdine.edu                

The Master of Science in Accounting

LeTTers  TO  The  ediTOr

Dear editor,
Dolphins. Smart, majestic, grace-

ful and beautiful. Four words that 
fail to capture the amount of impor-
tance that dolphins have on their 
ecosystem. You see, dolphins are 
what smart scientists like to call a 
“bio-indicator.” This basically means 
that because dolphins are so high on 
the food chain, if something happens 
to dolphins, then something else will 
definitely be wrong with the environ-
ment. The local fish populations may 
be depleting, or perhaps there [is] 
something wrong with the water that 
the dolphins are swimming in. In 
addition to the scientific benefits that 
dolphins bring, they are also really 
f@#^*ng cool. Have you ever been to 
SeaWorld? If you have, then you can 
see how smart and friendly dolphins 
are and how awe-inspiring they are to 
people all around. Their intelligence is 
incredible compared to other fish and 
even other mammals as well. They 
use complicated echolocation to hunt 
schools of fish viciously and are some 
of the most efficient hunters on earth. 

If dolphins are so amazing and 
helpful to the world, then why are 
their populations dropping so much? 
The answer is in the mirror. That’s 
right: Humans! The Japanese are 
known for hunting and killing dol-
phins, despite the abhorrence to the 
rest of the sane world. The Japanese 
actually covered up the fact that they 
were murderers, by labeling dolphin 
meat as whale meat (still illegal in 
many countries), and then fed the 
dolphin to young school children as 
lunch! That’s right, young Japanese 
children unknowingly ate Flipper for 
lunch! In addition to the murderous 
Japanese, other countries also hunt 
dolphins, but the worst killer to the 
dolphin is climate change. As seas 
warm and become more polluted, 
dolphins are dying due to lack of clean 

Humans Should End the 
Cycle of Dolphin Death

Mankind Has Negative 
Impacts on the Ecosystem
Dear editor,

Away with the trees! I ask of you 
please. My people, my people let’s tear 
them all down, these trees are an eye 
sore, littering their leaves all about the 
ground, and with the wood we can 
build a house or a town. Man needs 
office buildings, they can take the 
trees’ place. And with 70 million more 
coming this year, we most definitely 
could use the space. What good are 
they anyways, stealing our CO2 and 
rain. It’s practically the trees’ fault we 
have no water left to wash down the 
drain. With all the trees gone, we won’t 
be nuisanced by the chirping of birds, 
and (on the bright side!) all the paper 
we’ll have to carry our words. It seems 
simple to me, converting the world 
into a concrete jungle and all, planes 
won’t even have to fly so high without 
the trees standing so tall. The fish will 
still thrive — they don’t get oxygen 
from the air — and the animals who 
do I’m sure won’t even care. A planet 
without trees makes me so happy 
inside, thinking of all the money I’ll 
have from selling their hides. This is 
great! This is great! The trees need to 
fall, so please hear my call people of 
this beautiful world, grab your chain 
saws, and give them a whirl.    

— luke Chapman
Freshman, Earl Warren College

Solve For X By Philip Jia

Experience Gained From a Gap Year Can Set Individuals Apart
▶ gap year, from page 4

readers can contact
an dy  li u    akl009@ucsd.edu 

water and food to eat. Humans dump 
trash and oil into the ocean, and death 
is an awful side effect of human lazi-
ness. Death, pollution, climate change, 
Japan, world, stupidity, MURDER. 
These are eight words that sadly better 
describe the dolphins’ life. This cycle 
of death and sadness will continue 
until humans can wake up and stop 
killing dolphins!

— ryan root
Freshman, Earl Warren College



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSTACEY  CHIENfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

A  new  age  of  exploration

W ithin the walls of UCSD’s Atkinson Hall, in a design pro-totyping lab on the first floor, 
various teams of five to 10 students can 
be found developing new technologies 
that may one day end up on the pages 
of National Geographic. This possibility 
is within reach for the students — and 
has been achieved in the past — through 
the UCSD National Geographic Society 
Engineers for Exploration program, a 
platform that allows students to engage 
in real-world engineering projects for 
scientific exploration. The program was 
founded in 2009 by UCSD research sci-
entist Albert Yu-Min Lin, who now 
serves as a co-director alongside UCSD 
engineering professors Ryan Kastner 
and Curt Schurgers.

Multiple projects, which range from 
robotic cameras that track the movement 
of animals to remote-control airplanes that 
mimic and guide the flight of condors, are cur-
rently underway. Roughly 30 active participants — all of 
them students — have taken the reins of these projects. 
According to Kastner, some devote as many as 20 to 30 
hours a week to their projects, most of which are designed 
to monitor animals within their natural habitats.

“The interesting thing is that the students don’t get 
paid for this,” Lin said. “Some of them get credit for it, 

but it isn’t like they’re doing this as a require-
ment. It’s entirely our out of passion. It’s entirely 
out of the ambition to try to do something bigger 
— to change the expectations of what you can do 
with a degree in engineering.”

Lin said that he views the students in the pro-
gram as “the next generation of pioneers.” 

The students have acquired projects across 
multiple years, continuing work on projects that 
were started by past generations of participants 
in the program. 

“They’ve taken these ideas and have made 
unbelievable things that have been deployed all 

over the world,” Lin said. “We’ve had tools that 
were used in National Geographic magazine 
shoots. We’ve had things that were sent out 
to Jordan for archaeological digs. We’ve had 
students who’ve been hired by the National 
Geographic Society and now work in the head-

quarters in the robotic imaging group, building 
things and going out on expeditions with explor-

ers from all over the world.”
Though many of their projects have seen success in 

the field, the entire program stems from the Valley of 
the Khans Project, an undertaking that Lin initiated to 
search for the tomb of Genghis Khan in Mongolia using 
advanced remote sensing technology.

But according to Lin, it was essentially his chance 

The UCSD National Geographic Society Engineers for Exploration program, founded by research 
scientist Albert Yu-Min Lin, is promoting scientific discovery through real-world engineering.

BY  stacey  chien  features editor

See ENGINEERS, page 8

PHOTOS COURTESY JUSTIN CHEN

ALBERT  YU-MIN  LIN

PHOTO COURTESY GOV-
CONEXECUTIVE.COM



As another school year comes 
to an end, most students will use 
their remaining dining dollars on 
one final shopping spree for kitchen 
appliances. However, UCSD’s newly 
established Swipes for the Homeless 
program (or Swipes, for short) pro-
vides another option for students 
with leftover dining dollars.

UCSD undergraduates Daniel 
Farahdel, Brad Segal and Shashank 
Gupta opened the UCSD chapter 
of Swipes this spring. The program 
collaborates with local food banks 
and housing and dining services at 
different universities to provide food 
for the homeless by collecting dining 
dollars that students donate. 

Swipes first began at UCLA 
in September 2009 and spread to 
a number of universities such as 
UCSB, USC and UC Berkeley.

UCSD students can either sign 
up at tabling events on Library Walk 
to pledge their unused dining dol-
lars to be donated to the San Diego 
Food Bank or use the automatic 
“opt-in” feature on TritonLink that 
the UCSD chapter introduced.

“When you opt in, there is no 
commitment to saving your dining 
dollars,” Gupta said. “Oftentimes, 
students will buy food that will go to 
waste, but simply conserving a few 
dollars a day can go into helping so 
many homeless people.”

Swipes at UCSD reaches out 
to the entire San Diego area. The 
agreed dining dollar-to-U.S. dollar 
conversion gives one full meal per 
dining dollar to anyone in need, so 
even a couple of dollars can make a 
big difference. 

Currently, the founders of 
Swipes are working on a quarterly 
volunteer program with a busing 
system that will ferry students to 
the San Diego Food Bank in order 
to help package and ship the food 
that they have donated with their 
dining dollars.

The founders want to integrate 
the program into the UCSD culture. 
But to found the program, they 
had to work with the A.S. Council 
and UCSD Housing, Dining and 
Hospitality to push the idea forward 
and negotiate donation policies.

“We wouldn’t be able to do this with-
out Housing and Dining and [execu-
tive director] Mark Cunningham’s 
help; his engagement was the make-
or-break for us,” Segal said.

The founders hope to do more 
tabling around dining halls, foster 
outreach education to raise aware-
ness and activism for the homeless 
and encourage student involvement 
in hunger outreach.

They plan to send the donated 
money to the food bank after finals 
week and will continue to send 
checks each quarter.

“Swipes for the Homeless gives 

students another option of what to do 
with leftover money,” Segal said. “It’s 
like charity out of convenience. Even 
the smallest donations can help.”

Swipes will host a series of 
tabling events and informational 
meetings on homeless outreach 
and hunger awareness. The next 
information session will be held on 
Tuesday, May 28, in the Green Table 
Room next to Sun God Lounge in 
Price Center West at 7 p.m. More 
information regarding Swipes can 
be found on the organization’s 
Facebook page at www.facebook.
com/SwipesForTheHomelessUCSD.

F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

History Set in “Thirty Blocks” of  Clay
UCSD alumna demystifies stories circulating her art installation.

Every day, students walk past various art-
works placed throughout the UCSD campus, 
unaware of their stories. The story of a hidden 
clay installation called “Thirty Blocks” by visual 
artist Virginia Maksymowicz — a former UCSD 
graduate student from the class of 1977 — has 
survived for almost 40 years. However, as the 
years went by, its story has been either mythicized 
or forgotten, adding to the curiosity of students 
who happen to discover it. Today, the piece 
beckons students to remember its story and the 
historical significance of its existence. 

In 1976, Maksymowicz placed “Thirty Blocks” 
within what used to be a vast space of unused 
land but is now just a scattering of Eucalyptus 
trees east of Geisel. The art piece is true to its 
title, consisting of 30 clay blocks, each pressed 
into the ground, forming a three-by-10 rectangle. 
A fetal-positioned body and an assortment of 
mundane objects, such as eyeglasses and a Swiss 
Army pocketknife, have left shadowy imprints 
into the clay. 

The installation’s permanence has made it 
a historical artifact at UCSD that dates back to 
the  university’s infancy following the end of the 
Vietnam War in 1975.

On May 10, 1970, a UCSD undergraduate, 
George Winne Jr., doused himself in gasoline 
and lit himself on fire in the middle of Revelle 
Plaza. His horrific, self-sacrificing act was done in 
protest of the Vietnam War, following the exam-
ple of other anti-war self-immolators. Winne 
was the fourth incident of self-immolation that 
year in California higher education. As a result, 
Governor Ronald Reagan shut down the state’s 
colleges and universities for a week. 

A couple years after Winne’s death, under-
graduates in Michael Todd’s Environmental 
Sculpture class established the George Winne 
Jr. Memorial Grove, in which Maksymowicz’s 
“Thirty Blocks” is located. Over the years, stories 
have evolved associating “Thirty Blocks” with 
Winne’s death. The stories have become an expla-
nation for “Thirty Blocks’” mysterious existence.

“I didn’t specifically make the piece for the 
Memorial Grove, and it wasn’t meant to illus-
trate Winne’s death,” Maksymowicz said. “But I 
thought the work would resonate with his story. 
The piece’s purpose seems to be working more 
now that the impressions of those objects are old. 
It is about the transience of human life, the pas-
sage of time and the traces of things that we leave 
behind. Thus, people did what I had intended, 
making up their own stories about the artwork.” 

“Thirty Blocks” was a part of Maksymowicz’s 
Master of Fine Arts graduate thesis. At the time, 
she had been working with body casting in clay, 
creating and installing unlabeled “fake fossils” 
around campus, which, unlike “Thirty Blocks,” 

had disintegrated over a short period of time.
“I would install my pieces off of jogging 

paths, places where there wasn’t heavy traffic, 
but where people might stumble upon them and 
try to figure out what it means,” Maksymowicz, 
now an Associate Professor of art at Franklin and 
Marshall College in Pennsylvania, said. “With 
‘Thirty Blocks,’ I wanted to try something a little 
more permanent even though I didn’t know how 
permanent it would wind up being.” 

Maksymowicz noted how one such story in a 
Wikipedia article on George Winne Jr. stated that 
the clay blocks were from Revelle Plaza, where 
Winne had lit himself on fire and that the body 
imprint had belonged to Winne. 

In fact, according to Maksymowicz, it was 
her own body that had made the imprint (a large 
hooped earring is barely visible where her ear 
was pressed into the clay), and the clay blocks 
originated from her art studio in Mandeville Hall. 

“Whoever wrote that Wikipedia article must 
not have taken any science classes, because how 
could a burning body leave an impression into 
stone?” Maksymowicz said.

Although amused by the stories surround-
ing her artwork, Maksymowicz corrected the 
Wikipedia article, because it had claimed “Thirty 
Blocks” to be a part of the public domain, allow-
ing people to reuse the image in whatever way 
they wanted. 

Regardless of these myths, Maksymowicz is 
still amazed by “Thirty Blocks’” long-standing 
existence. Since she had installed the artwork 
without permission, she hadn’t expected the piece 
to last more than six months without being 
reported and then confiscated. Instead, every 
time she visited the memorial grove, she found 
the leaves brushed off the clay bricks, as if some-
one were taking care of it. 

In 2000, a small bronze plaque was finally 
put in place at the memorial grove to officially 
recognize Winne’s memorial site. A fallen-over 
Eucalyptus tree with three new shoots growing 
out of it resides in the memorial next to “Thirty 
Blocks.”  According to Sara Sealander, one of the 
undergraduate students in Michael Todd’s sculp-
ture class that had helped establish the memorial 
grove, the fallen tree symbolizes the growth in 
something that has been lost. Thus, it had been 
chosen as the perfect location on campus for 
Winne’s memorial. 

“I didn’t have a specific story in mind for 
‘Thirty Blocks,’” but, of course, it makes sense 
that people would associate it with George Winne 
Jr.’s death,” Maksymowicz said. “We all leave 
something behind, and we don’t know what it’s 
going to be.”

BY  em i ly  polach ek  staff writer

Swipes for the Homeless Program Allows 
Students to Donate Leftover Dining Dollars

BY  Kath eryn  Wang staff writer

readers can contact
Kath eryn  Wang     xiw029@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO /GUARDIAN

readers can contact
em i ly  polach ek     epolache@ucsd.edu 

PHOTOS COURTESY ALEXA ROCERO



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

THE BEST
COMEDIANS!

ASCE
COMEDY
ASCE
COMEDY

MAY 29
2013

FREE

free for UCSD Students
GENERAL PUBLIC $10

show starts
8:30pm

doors open
8 pm

at the LOFT!

wednesday
MAY 29

Brent Weinbach
the amazing
and special guest

bETH stelling

Hosted by Lauren O'Brien

encounter with an executive from the 
National Geographic Society that set 
everything in motion. Shortly after com-
pleting his Ph.D. at UCSD in 2008, Lin 
sold everything he owned except for his 
car to build his project and was in need of 
support for his scientific endeavor.

“I found out that one of the executives 
from National Geographic was going to be 
crossing campus to Price Center at lunch-
time, because he was meeting with this guy, 
Maurizio Seracini, who was doing this work 
on the lost Leonardo [da Vinci piece],” Lin 
said. “So I basically found out his schedule 
and put on a suit, and I nailed him in the 
best five-minute pitch I ever did in my life. 
He gave me his number, and the next thing 
you know, a couple of months later, I was at 
the headquarters in Washington, D.C. pre-
senting my project. It got support, and then 
it just blossomed from there.”

The partnership with the National 
Geographic Society, along with the stu-
dent involvement in Lin’s project, gave 
rise to the UCSD NGS Engineers for 
Exploration program.

“The program started during the pro-
cess of building this Valley of the Khans 
project to get students involved in helping 
me with this research we were doing in 
Mongolia,” Lin said. “It started as more 
of a necessity than anything else, because 
I was bootstrapping. I needed people to 
help me build things, so I had friends and 
students just building things out of inter-
est. I had undergraduate students on my 
expeditions with me, because they’re the 
ones that have the most hands-on knowl-
edge of how to build stuff.”

While the program promotes explora-
tion worldwide, it also allows for local 
collaborations. For their projects, students 
are now working with the San Diego Zoo, 
the Hubbs-SeaWorld Research Institute 
and the California Wolf Center.

Lin said that it is the real-world appli-
cation and hands-on experience with cut-
ting-edge technology that brings value 
and appeal to the program.

“It’s not academic,” Lin said. “We’re not 

trying to make a teaching experience for 
anybody here. We’re trying to do real-world 
engineering. We’re actually really trying to 
push the frontiers of exploration.”

Lin explained how the program strives 
to define the new age of exploration as one 
that is only limited by the imagination, 
and, of course, the responsibility of ethical 
conduct. He believes that new technology 
allows for more thorough observation and 
non-invasive exploration. This, he said, is 
what constitutes the essence of the program.

While the student-run projects have 
opened up many possibilities — including 
whale shark observation and 3-D mapping 
of underwater archaeology, some assign-
ments have been abandoned along the way.

“I think one of the biggest issues is just 
consistency with the projects,” Kastner 
said. “Students that work on this — they 
work hard, but they graduate. We’ve had 
some other projects that I wouldn’t say 
failed, but they’ve stopped because we just 
didn’t have anybody coming up and carry-
ing on that project.”

But in any case, Lin said that the most 
rewarding aspect of the program is wit-
nessing the workings of human curiosity.

“For me, I truly believe that our human 
curiosity is what defines both what could 
possibly destroy us and also what could 
advance us in the future,” Lin said. “As 
long as we choose to do things that are 
meaningful and ethical, then curiosity can 
lead us into pretty awesome directions.”

Engineers and scientists, Lin assert-
ed, are the stewards of this curiosity, 
and according to Lin, building technol-
ogy should not be arbitrary, but rather 
an act of exploration to learn more about 
humanity and our surrounding world.

More scientific exploration through the 
program will continue over the summer.

“We actually just got a big grant from 
the National Science Foundation,” Lin said. 
“They’re  supporting us to get students from 
all over the country that are coming in this 
summer to do research as part of this pro-
gram, so that’s going to be exciting.”

Founder of  NGS Engineers for Exploration Views Curiosity as Driving Force for Innovation and Advancement
▶ ENGINEERS, from page 6

readers can contact
stacey  ch i en    stchien@ucsd.edu 

P
H

O
TO

 C
O

U
R

TE
S

Y
 J

U
S

TI
N

 C
H

E
N



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

A HAWK & A HACKSAW
THE LOFT • $5 UCSD STUDENTS, $10 GENERAL

FRI5.31 • 8PM
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
5 . 2 8  -  6 . 0 2

2 0 1 3

TUE5.28
2pm
'TASTY TUESDAY' FREE WEEKLY COOKING DEMO 
– THE ZONE, PRICE CTR PLAZA
Drop into The Zone every Tuesday from 2:00 to 2:45pm 
for amazing live cooking demonstrations, complete with 
free food! Learn how to cook and eat healthfully, 
discover new recipes, and sample the food for free. 
Demonstrations feature local, organic, and vegetarian 
ingredients hosted by Whole Foods, Housing Dining 
Hospitality, Student Health Services, Recreation. Come 
hungry, leave healthy!

3:30pm
THE ITALIAN MESS: WHY IS ITALY IN SUCH BAD 
SHAPE? – SOCIAL SCIENCES BLDG, RM 107
Journalist and commentator on Italian politics 
Alessandro Stille will examine the current state of Italian 
politics. Why does Italy appear to have lost its way? 
What went wrong? Why is Italy in such bad shape? 
Does Italy have a future? Free and open to the public, 
but registration is desired. Register at the website. 
Presented as part of the IICAS Speaker Series - Institute 
for International, Comparative and Area Studies at UC 
San Diego

5:30pm
CHANGES TO THE MCAT: FREE INFO SESSION – 
RED SHOE RM, PC WEST
Important changes to the MCAT were scheduled for 
2013 and 2015. Starting January 2013, the MCAT no 
longer contained a Writing Sample section. In 2015, an 
additional section called the 'Psychological, Social and 
Biological Foundations of Behavior' will be added. 
Advanced science concepts in biochemistry and 
expanded critical thinking will also be included. The 
additional section will extend the test from 5.5 hours to 
7 hours and potentially change the way it is scored. 
Attend a free info session to learn how you can take 
advantage of the 2013 changes and begin preparing for 
the future.

WED5.29
5pm
INTERFAITH POTLUCK & SERVICE PROJECT – 
OLIVE TREES NEAR CENTER HALL
Join us to celebrate the end of the year as a 
campus-wide community of Tritons representing 
diverse faith and spiritual backgrounds. CSI will 
provide a main dish, participants are encouraged to 
bring a side dish or dessert to share. Help us 
decorate bags for Mama's Kitchen as we mingle and 
network in a casual and relaxed environment. Meet 
at the olive trees on the south side of Center Hall. 
Please RSVP to bkrobertson@ucsd.edu. All students 
are welcome to attend. For more info, contact Brett 
Robertson, bkrobertson@ucsd.edu, 858-822-2090.

5pm
INTERFAITH POTLUCK & SERVICE PROJECT – 
OLIVE TREES NEAR CENTER HALL
Join us to celebrate the end of the year as a 
campus-wide community of Tritons representing 
diverse faith and spiritual backgrounds. CSI will 
provide a main dish, participants are encouraged to 
bring a side dish or dessert to share. Help us 
decorate bags for Mama's Kitchen as we mingle and 
network in a casual and relaxed environment. Meet 
at the olive trees on the south side of Center Hall. 
Please RSVP to bkrobertson@ucsd.edu. All students 
are welcome to attend. For more info, contact Brett 
Robertson, bkrobertson@ucsd.edu, 858-822-2090

8pm
ARGENTINE TANGO CLUB WEEKLY PRACTICA 
– WEST BALCONY, MAIN GYM
The Argentine Tango Club at UCSD presents a 
weekly practica from 8-11pm on Wednesdays during 
spring quarter. The first hour (8-9pm) is especially 
dedicated to beginners and advanced beginners. No 
partner required; no prior experience necessary. 
Come and experience what Argentine Tango is all 
about!! For more information about the club, visit 
ucsdtango.wordpress.com and friend us on 
Facebook (facebook.com/UCSDTango) or join the 
mailing list.

SUN6.02
10am
SNORKEL LA JOLLA COVE – OUTBACK 
ADVENTURES RENTAL SHOP
Explore the amazing world beneath the ocean's 
surface. The diversity of sea creatures in the cove is 
astounding! From Garibaldi (the California state fish) 
to Leopard Sharks (harmless to humans), this marine 
preserve is teeming with wildlife. What better way to 
meet this new world than to grab a snorkel and 
become part of it. Come join Outback Adventures for 
an experience you won't soon forget.Signup online, in 
person at the Rental Shop (behind Pepper Canyon), 
the Surf Shop (in Price Center), or by phone 
(858-534-0684)

FRI5.31

THU5.30
10am
MEDITATION AT THE ZONE – THE ZONE, 
PRICE CTR PLAZA 
Come to The Zone from 10:00-10:30am for free 
meditation classes! Practice a variety of 
techniques to achieve greater mental clarity and a 
peaceful state of being. With the constant stress of 
academics and campus life, meditation will help 
recharge your mind and body. All levels welcome.

1pm
F WORD LUNCHEON: THE ENEMY WITHIN – 
WOMEN'S CENTER
Who is responsible for pepetuating sexism and 
patriarchy? How do we as individuals contribute to 
these systems? Join us for food and a dialogue 
around fighting the 'enemy' within. Presented by 
the Women's Center at UC San Diego. For more 
info, contact women@ucsd.edu, 858-822-0074.

1:30pm
THERAPY DOGS! – THE ZONE, PC PLAZA
Drop into The Zone every Thursday from 1:30 to 
2:30 pm to get some love from adorable, 
professional therapy dogs! Studies show that 
petting an animal can lower stress, and the smiles 
on students' faces proves this to be the case every 
time

3pm
URBANIZATION AND INEQUALITIES: WHAT 
CAN CHINA LEARN FROM LATIN AMERICA? 
– CILAS LIBRARY, GILDRED BLDG
The urbanization level of Latin America might be 
the highest in the developing world. At the same 
time, the inequalities (economic, social, and 
political) are serious issues for the region. China is 
trying to avoid the 'Latin American Trap' while 
promoting urbanization as a strategic engine for 
further development. Dr. Xie Wenze is a Chinese 
economist who began his formal research on Latin 
American economy in 1995. His research has 
included the study of industrial structure, 
industrialization, cities and national development, 
urban development, rural development, income 
distribution, and public policies for sustainable 
development. In this presentation, he will examine 
what urbanization and inequalities mean for 
China's new dream and what China can learn from 
Latin America.

8pm
SALSA NIGHT @ THE LOFT – THE LOFT, 
PRICE CENTER EAST
Join UCSD's own Salsa Club for a night of dancing 
at The Loft! Never taken a salsa class? No 
problem! Beginner dancers can come for a FREE 
dance lesson from an internationally ranked salsa 
dancer and instructor. The evening will also 
feature performances from UCSD Latin dance 
groups and live music as well as a DJ playing the 
best of latin dance music. All are welcome to this 
free event, come dance the night away with us! 
Thursday, May 30 / Doors: 7:30pm

SAT6.01
8pm
BEYOND THE GARDEN GATES: TMC/ERC/MUIR 
SEMIFORMAL 2013 – HYATT REGENCY 
MISSION BAY
Presenting TMC/Muir/ERC's joint semiformal, "Beyond 
the Garden Gate!" This will be the biggest college 
semiformal of the year so you don't want to miss out.  
WHO: You! (and all your friends!). WHEN: June 1, 8pm 
- 12am. WHERE: Hyatt Regency Mission Bay. WEAR: 
Dress to impress, semiformal is best! Girls, bring out 
those spring prints and summer dresses (or class it 
up, whatever you say goes!), and guys, get creative 
with that suit and tie combo!

12pm
FREE WEEKLY TAI CHI CLASS – PRICE CENTER 
LAWN
Come out to the Price Center Lawn (just above the 
fountain in Price Center Plaza) every Friday from 12 noon 
until 1:00 pm for a refreshing outdoor Tai-Chi 
experience! Tai-Chi is an ancient martial art that gently 
harmonizes the flow of energy through the body, 
creating balance and focus for your day. This class is 
free and welcome to all levels.

6pm
MCCE’S 3RD ANNUAL MULTICULTURAL 
SHOWCASE – PC WEST PLAZA
Multicultural Coexistence (MCCE), a student organization 
at UCSD will be hosting its 3rd Annual Multicultural 
Showcase on May 31st from 6-9 PM in the Price Center 
West Plaza. The event is open free to the public and will 
feature a number of performances from student groups, 
a variety of cuisines (including vegetarian and 
sustainable options), and a raffle with several prizes 
from local businesses. Join us for a night of cultural 
celebration through thoughtful conversation, good food, 
and entertaining performances.

8pm
A HAWK AND A HACKSAW – THE LOFT, PC EAST
A Hawk And A Hacksaw brings to the table a rich and 
elaborate sound that feels as if it is straight off a truck 
from The Balkans. Incorporating a wide variety of folk 
traditions from around the world, they have created a 
sound that is authentic, while exploring the intricacies 
that lie in the communal tradition of Folk music. They 
have also been busy, touring with bands such as Wilco, 
Calexico, Andrew Bird, of Montreal, Beirut, and 
Portishead. Don't miss out on what should be a crazy 
night - both sonically and physically. A San Diego 
favorite, John Meeks, will be opening up for the night 
with his mesmerizing vocals and enlivening American 
folk sound.



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 In the heavens
6 McCartney’s instrument
10 Predecessor of surrealism
14 Seedless type of orange
15 “There oughta be ___!”
16 Password enterer
17 Like the more serious larceny
18 “All you need,” in a Beatles song
19 Farm structure
20 Evidence against an aristocrat?
23 Immigrant’s subj.
24 Guitar neck features
25 “Private Practice” network
28 Bluesman Mahal
30 Resident since birth
34 Tombstone lawman
36 Common mixer
39 Styles
40 Evidence against a gardener?
43 To whom “I’ll see you in my dreams” 

is sung
44 Singer Diamond
45 Pout
46 Opening word for Ali Baba
48 Long sandwich
50 Ed.’s workload items
51 Smallest
54 Enemy
56 Evidence against an Oscar attendee?
62 Black-and-white treat
63 Suffix with soft or flat
64 Seuss environmentalist
66 Matter topper?
67 Part of NRA: Abbr.
68 Hardly hoi polloi
69 Seeger of the Weavers
70 Marvel Comics heroes
71 Hamlet’s countrymen

DOWN
1 Director Lee
2 Harpoon point
3 Racetrack shape
4 Legal site
5 Firstborn sibling
6 Fun time
7 Distant
8 Relish
9 “The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo” setting
10 Wind-related desert event
11 Where Siberia is
12 Corned beef seller
13 Elvis’s middle name
21 Fun time
22 “Forever” post office product
25 Sponsorship
26 Ballet rail
27 Some Saskatchewanians
29 Elton of England
31 “Eat crow,” e.g.
32 Evening star
33 Politician Kefauver
35 Crime laws, as a unit
37 Scheduled to arrive
38 French friends
41 Where Hercules slew a lion
42 Poker ploy
47 Q-Tip target
49 Didn’t just simmer
52 Cramp or twitch
53 Of few words
55 Deadly virus
56 Play boisterously
57 Toledo’s lake
58 Minor collision damage
59 Nashville’s st.
60 The Auld Sod
61 Do a film critic’s job
65 Crosses (out)

HOUSING
3-4 Student Housing - Available September - 3 
bedrooms 1.5 bath condo off Eastgate Mall 
Road, perfect for 3-4 students. Washer/dryer, 
pool/spa. Near bus line. Contact ninaho24@
hotmail.com.

Near UCSD, UTC - $2100. Available September 
- 3 bedrooms 1.5 bath condo near UCSD, UTC - 
perfect for 3-4 students. Washer/dryer included. 
No co-signers needed. Listing ID: 56100358 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more informa-
tion

GOOD DRIVERS
NEEDED

ROOM FOR RENT IN
LA JOLLA HOME - $950

ROOM TO RENT AT BAY 
PARK/MISSION BAY

Get the perfect part-time job. Earn
$12.85/hour. Work on campus. Flexible

hours. Paid training. Hiring now for
summer training. UCSD students only.

Details at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

ROOM FOR RENT- $950.00 -  
LARGE FURNISHED ROOM WITH BATH, 
AND SEPARATE ENTRANCE, IN LA JOLLA 
HOME WITH A VIEW. WALK TO SHORES 
BEACH. KITCHEN USE. ON BUS ROUTE. 

UTILITIES INCLUDED.  
PARKING ON DRIVEWAY.  

CALL JANET AT 858-456-0865.  
EMAIL JANHEY6@AOL.COM

3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage, newly 
remodeled. Looking for: non-smoker, 
super clean, professional roommate, 
no pets. Requires: $1,500.00 deposit, 

background check, $35 tenant screening; 
Rent $1250.00 + ½ utilities. 

Email: drmguns@att.net

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

ELECTRONICS
Super deal! 20in Sharp tv - $50.00 - Television, 
Sharp - Flat panel 20 inch screen $50.00 Firm 
in excellent condition ! :) Listing ID: 56378599 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

Sony HT Bravia 55” 5.1ss - $1800.00 - Home 
Theatre for sale. Includes: Sony Bravia 55” 1080p 
240hz 3D (with glasses and sync transmit-
ter, Sony Blu-ray player/5.1 SS, Netgear N600 
Wireless Dual Band Router. This is the Maserati 
of HT entertainment. Everything is Wifi ready 
and running ethernets through the router and 
TV only make it faster. Therefore you can easily 
watch streaming media. Listing ID: 56723882 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

Nokia Lumia 920 - $295.00 - Product Includes 
Nokia Lumia 920 (3G 850/1900 MHz AT&T) 
Smartphone Black Unlocked. AC travel charger. 
USB data cable headset. User Guide. Listing 
ID: 55475878 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

SELLING INSPIRON 1545- $40 - The laptop itself 
is in good condition and runs well. I’m selling 
it because it’s a bit old and I got a upgraded. I 
recommend you buy this laptop if you’re limited 
in money and you need a functioning computer 
to do work. The charger is included, but there 
is no battery. The laptop can turn on only if it is 
plugged in, if you’re ok with that.

PROGRAMS INCLUDED: Microsoft Office, 
Photoshop. You can totally check it out first, turn 
it on, and run it with me next to you before you 
buy no problem. Listing ID: 55302580 at ucsd-
guardian.org/classifieds for more information

PETS
French Poodle Puppy - 175.00 - We have 
French Poodle Puppies $175 each males avail-
able only 619-878-7887 619-862-9142. Listing 
ID: 55739229

Yorkshire Terrier Male - 275.00 - Gorgeous, 
Super Friendly Male Purebred Yorkshire Terrier   
Medium Size Yorkie - about 12 pounds - (not 
teacup style) 18 months, Black and Gold, not 
fixed no email and no text - serious inquiries 
only $275 San Diego ph# 619-851-0130. Listing 
ID: 55476567

African Ringneck Parrots - 75.00 - Green African 
Ringneck Parrots for Sale   Beautiful Feathers 
both male and females 2yrs old  not tame $75 
each ph #(858)610-2503. Listing ID: 55738953

MUSIC SERVICES
“Sound Gallery” Award-Winning DJ Service. 
Creative, experienced, professional DJ, and a 
music collection second-to-none.  Playing “Free 
Style” all genres and eras! We do: indoor/out-
door events & clubs. Playing: Top 40 - Old School 
- New School - Latin - Jazz - Zydeco - Country 
- Slow Dancing - Pole Dancing - Flamenco - 
Waltzes - Tangos - Easy listening - Etc. Call DJ 
O. Sergio at 858.405.8210. Email: mainserge@ 
hotmail.com. Web: facebook.com/dj.osergio

AWARD-WINNING DJ SERVICE

facebook.com/dj.osergio

Ph 858-405-8210
mainserge@hotmai l .com

SOUND  GA L L E RY

DJ O. Sergio

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

Turn Your ACTIONS
into Words

Advertise your event, your product!
Advertise yourself with



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U e S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

eighth place in 2011 — went into the 
2013 nationals ranked No. 16 but 
failed to qualify for the final in her 
last go on the national stage.

Junior pole vaulter Clint Rosser 
also competed in the last day of the 
meet, and had arguably the best perfor-
mance at the NCAA Championships. 
Rosser — ranked No. 19 going in — 
rose 10 spots to finish in ninth place, 
one rank short of earning All-America 
honors. Rosser cleared the first height 
of 15’9” on his first attempt and was 
one of 12 competitors to clear the 
second height of 16’2.75” — just 0.75” 
short of Rosser’s personal record this 
season (16’3.5”). But competing in his 
first national championship, the junior 
came up short in the third round, with 
the bar set at 16’8.75”.

“The most nerve-wracking jump 
was the opening height, but after that, 
I cleared right around my [personal 
record], which was great,” Rosser said. 
“I was nursing a bum leg and hurt 
shoulder, but I had some of my best 
jumps at nationals, so I was just happy 
about that.”

Rosser, who has improved his mark 
1.5’ over the course of the 2013 season, 
has high expectations for next season.

“I’m hoping to get the school 
record next year and break 17’, and 
hopefully do some damage at nation-
als,” Rosser said.

Sophomore Sabrina Pimentel, 
competing in the 800-meter dash, 
also finished in ninth place, improv-
ing on her initial No. 13 seed. Making 
her second appearance at nationals, 
the sophomore earned a place in the 
finals after finishing with a time of 
2:11.46. In the finals the following day, 
Pimentel ended in ninth place with a 
time of 2:13.35.

“The first day, it was hot and a 
pretty difficult day to race, but the 
competition definitely helped me keep 

pace,” Pimentel said. “The second day 
didn’t go as well. I did well in the 
first 400 [meters], but in the last 100 
[meters] I let the competition get to 
me, and that’s where things didn’t quite 
go as I planned.”

Finishing in ninth, Pimentel just 
missed out on the All-America nod, 
but says that she looks forward to 
improving for next season.

“It was definitely a good experi-
ence,” Pimentel said. “And it gives 
me something more to look forward 
to so that eventually, I can reach that 
higher goal.”

Freshman triple jumper Kristin 
Sato was another Triton to over-per-
form in the national championships. 
Sato, ranked No. 22 nationally, got the 
last-minute call-up two days after the 
NCAA declarations were made. Sato’s 
first attempt proved her longest jump 
of the day. At 38’8.75”, the mark was 
not good enough to qualify the fresh-
man for the finals, and she ended the 
meet in 18th place.

A.B. Shaheen was the only Triton 
to compete in the first day of the 
championships. The Lebanese national 
record holder in the hammer came in 
with the No. 16 rank but made an early 
exit after scratching two of his three 
attempts. Shaheen’s only fair throw 
(180’4”, over 11 feet short of his NCAA 
qualifier) put him in 17th place.

On the men’s side, Saint Augustine’s 
University was the hands-down win-
ner, taking 105 points, 48 points 
in front of second-place Ashland 
University, while for the women, the 
Academy of Art University took first 
place, with 60 points. Although UCSD 
took just two points overall, the Tritons 
retain a lot of the talent that scored big 
points at the CCAA championships, 
where the men finished second and the 
women finished third.

▶ TRACK AND FIELD, from page 12

readers can contact
Rachel  Uda     ruda@ucsd.edu 

Pimentel and Rosser Just One Slot 
Short of  NCAA All-American Distinction

photo by ALWIN SZEto/GuArdIAN FILE



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U e S D AY,  M AY  2 8 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

ON The

Big Stage
214' 11"

2:13.35

16' 2.75"

38' 8.75"

187' 11"

180' 4"

122' 6"

NASH  HOWE
No. 7 in Javelin  — All-America Honors 

Sabrina  Pimentel
No.9 in 800 m 

Clint  Rosser
No. 9 in Pole Vault 

Kristin  Sato
No. 18 in Triple Jump 

Kiley  Libuit
No. 18 in Javelin 

A.B.  Shaheen
No. 16 in Hammer 

Jessica  miklaski
No. 20 in Javelin 

Stop Trying to Play (Sun) God; UCSD’s King Triton is Here to Stay

Sun God fever hit campus this month, affecting seemingly everything from stu-dents’ ability to drive or operate machin-
ery to, apparently, a social campaign that 
called on the university to rethink the Triton 
as our mascot.

Yup. A small campaign popped up on 
Facebook earlier this month that asked stu-
dents to give feedback on a proposal to change 
the mascot from the son of Poseidon to the 
Sun God. The website fails to note whether 
or not we would become the UCSD Sun Gods 
or take the Stanford approach and become 
the singular Sun God, which is much more 
majestic.

Now, before you take a torch to the mas-
terminds (read: nincompoops) behind the 
campaign, consider how important this statue 

is to our campus. Sun God, aside from being 
the namesake of the annual music festival, 
is a 1983 art piece in the university’s Stuart 
Collection by French sculptor Niki de Saint 
Phalle. Standing on a 15-foot pedestal, the 
Sun God is one of the more iconic landmarks 
on campus. The lawn that hosts the statue 
also bears the Sun God name, while a spot-
color rendition of it also graces the Guardian 
masthead.

To many students, Sun God represents 
what is right with this campus. The giant 
crowned bird-thing stands for community, 
drinking way too much during week seven of 
spring quarter and making the most of our 
college experience. But the Triton legacy is 
too much a part of our athletic history to even 
consider replacing the mascot.

Thankfully, the campaign had fewer than 
75 supporters by press time, and a poll on the 
page had 963 votes to stick to the status quo, 
74 for the de Saint Phalle piece and 43 for 
“other.” Spoiler alert: The Triton is here to stay.

I was intrigued not so much by the Sun God 

campaign but by students’ ideas for an alterna-
tive. Suggestions ranged from the Unicorns 
to the Guinea Pigs to the Buttered Toasts (or, 
Stanford-style, Buttered Toast), ending with the 
Awkward Octopi and the Giant Blue waffle.

 The Tritons sit in that great range of 
mascots that are unique without being stupid. 
Some of our UC brethren to the north have 
some sort of bear mascot, and UC Davis’ mas-
cot is the Aggies. We have those guys beat on 
rarity, and I don’t even think I need to men-
tion the dumbness of the UC Irvine Anteaters 
(even if George Michael Bluth is one now) and 
the UC Santa Cruz Banana Slugs.

Personally, I like the Triton, but I would be 
okay with interviewing candidates from the 
Stuart Collection to be a sidekick mascot to 
help King Triton entertain the crowd during 
UCSD games.

The Red Shoe (in a small eucalyptus forest 
near the theater district) could serve as King 
Triton’s vehicle to “kick” the competition off 
the field. The Snake Path (which leads into 
earl Warren College from Geisel Library) 

could be personified to do the King’s bid-
ding and help get the Tritons “wrap around” 
the opponents, and Fallen Star (that house 
on top of eBU I) could be used to disorient 
opponents before games begin (Side note: We 
should actually start using Fallen Star as the 
visitor’s locker room for swimming and div-
ing meets).

 Triton’s legacy is still young, but the mighty 
ruler of the seas already has some friends 
on his side. At a “King Triton’s Birthday 
Party” last year, Triton played shootaround 
with some neighborhood mascots, includ-
ing SeaWorld’s Shamu and Chick-Fil-A’s Cow 
during halftime of a Triton basketball game. 
While I’d like to think that Triton’s relation-
ship with the latter has been strained since last 
summer, it’s good to know that our guy has a 
budding entourage.

Triton, “born” in 1964, will celebrate 
his 50th birthday next year. As the mascot 
becomes a semi-centenarian, we welcome the 
trident-laden merman into the next 50 years 
as the true icon of our campus.

T he UCSD track and field team ended its season last Friday through Sunday, March 
24 through March 26 at the NCAA 
Division II Championships. Seven 
Tritons qualified for the national meet, 
ranking among the top 20 performers 
nationally, but only sophomore javelin 
thrower Nash howe performed well 
enough to earn All-America honors.

On the last day of competition, 
howe — ranked No. 5 going into 
the meet — threw just 202’1” in his 
first four attempts and fell to No. 9 
in the field of 20 throwers. In his 
fifth attempt, howe, the California 
Collegiate Athletics Association con-
ference champion, jumped two spots 
to No. 7 with his throw of 214’11” — 
14’ further than his first attempt. howe 
threw 210’10” in his final attempt, to 
remain in seventh place overall, earn-
ing UCSD its only two points of the 
national championships.

“I didn’t have all the warm-up time 
that I’m usually used to,” howe said. 
“I was super nervous and was just try-
ing to throw as hard as I could at the 
beginning. The first four throws were 

all, like, 10 feet off the ground, but 
on the fifth and sixth throws, I found 
some patience and was so lucky to 
make it into the finals.”

Despite the result, howe says that 
with more experience under his belt, 
he looks forward to making the trip to 
nationals next season.

“Now that I know what to expect, 
I know what it’s going to take to win 
next year, and I can prepare,” howe 
said. “And hopefully, if the training 
lines up and I’m healthy, there’s noth-
ing that can stop me from winning.”

Senior Kiley Libuit also repre-
sented UCSD in the javelin, enter-
ing the tournament ranked No. 21 
nationally and finishing in 18th 
place. he threw farthest (187’11”) in 
his first attempt and did not advance 
to the finals.

Fellow senior Jessica Miklaski 
also competed in the javelin, end-
ing her career at UCSD, finishing 
in 20th in the 21-person field with 
a throw of 122’6”. Miklaski — who 
finished in 10th place in 2012 and 

See TRACK AND FIELD, page 11

BY  Rachel  Uda  sports editor   photo   by  Nolan  Thomas 

Seven Tritons qualified for the 
NCAA National Championships. 
Sophomore Nash Howe earned 
All-America honors.

TRACK  AND  FIELD

zev  hurwitz 
zhurwitz@ucsd.edu

Warming the  
bench


	052813NEWS
	052813OPINION
	052813FEATURES
	052813_Calendar_PG9
	052813_Classifieds_PG10
	052813SPORTS

