
VOLUME 46, ISSUE 21                                                                                                           MOnday, janUary 7. 2013                                www.UcSdgUardIan.Org

new year, new science Hoops  picking  up  speed uc  Logo  an  "oH  no!" 
a look at ucsd  research Teams  begin  conference  playa  Flushable  idea
FeaTures, page   6 sporTs,  page  12opinion,  page   4

Las Vegas 
Cancer
Center to 
Shut Down

MedicinecaMpus

By  sarah  Moon  Staff Writer   photo   by  brian  monroe 

By  em i ly pham  Staff Writer
UCSD administrators announced 

their decision to close the Las Vegas 
Nevada Cancer Center after strug-
gling to keep the 142,000-foot center 
open for almost a year. In a Dec. 
12 announcement, officials said the 
small conglomerate of independent 
oncology practices, which UCSD 
bought out of bankruptcy in Jan. 
2012 for $18 million, had failed to 
compete against other companies in 
Nevada due to an unsteady patient 
referral base. 

UCSD’s short-lived involvement 
with the center was the first time in 
history any University of California 
had purchased and operated an out-
of-state clinical practice.

In early November 2012, UCSD 
attempted to keep the center afloat 
by entering negotiations to lease one-
third of the center to three Nevada 
cancer companies, including the 
main partner, the Comprehensive 
Cancer Centers of Nevada (CCCN). 
But the pending partnership fell apart 
when an unnamed CCCN hospital 
operator refused to approve a deal 
that denied for-profit doctor groups 
from occupying the center, according 
to the U-T San Diego.

“At the 11th hour, we were notified 
that they were not going to sign the 
waiver for the land-use covenants.” 
UCSD Dean of Clinical Affairs Tom 
McAfee told the U-T San Diego in 
Dec. 12 article, “UCSD shuts down 
Nevada clinic, expansion disrupted.” 
“It leaves us in a very uncomfortable 
situation of not being able to com-
plete the lease.”

Throughout the year, attempts to 
restore the center’s withering patient 
referral base were unsuccessful 
in the midst of higher California-
mandated taxes and the challenges 
of new management. McAfee want-
ed to keep the center non-profit as 
per the agreement UCSD had made 
with the Nevada Cancer Center dur-
ing the purchase, but UCSD simply 
could not sustain the center without 
a partnership and decided to close 
its doors. 

UCSD’s original goals to expand 
its clinical trials for the Moores 
Cancer Center, establishing an out-of-
state academic program and offering 
specialized procedures to Nevada’s 
residents, according to McAfee, have 
been delayed. 

“Had we known it would turn out 
this way, we probably wouldn’t have 
gone forward in the first place. We 
didn’t go into Las Vegas to get into 
the real estate business,” McAfee said 
in the U-T San Diego.

As a result, 350 cancer patients 
were notified in December to find 
a new oncologist and an additional 
75 Nevada Cancer Center employees 
received layoff notices the same day 
that UCSD announced the decision 
to close the center. Plans to expand 
have been disrupted, but UCSD plans 
to approach the idea of a partnership 
with another similarly non-profit 
oncology group in the future.

The Wagner family has pledged a $2.2 million donation to UCSD’s Department of Theatre and Dance in response to budget cuts and 
concern over professional training opportunities for  
theatre students.

The donation is a lead gift in establishing the UC 
San Diego Division of Arts and Humanities’ Student 
Production Fund. Founding chairman of the depart-
ment Arthur Wagner and his wife Molli Wagner will 
serve as co-chairs of the Student Production Fund, 
which aims to achieve a $7 million endowment to 
ensure and support student performances.

“It’s very important to have a source of guaran-
teed funding, especially in a time when state fund-

ing is so unpredictable,” Theatre and Dance 
Department Chair Jim Carmody said.

The Wagner gift will be used exclusive-
ly towards the department’s undergraduate 
and graduate theatre and dance productions. 
Funds will cover sets, costumes, sound, light-
ing and projections for shows, as well as pro-
vide a guaranteed funding source for depart-
ment necessities.

“The gift will not allow us to start produc-
ing more elaborate shows, but it will allow us 
to plan next year’s season and those that follow 

Large Grant Will Help Fund Struggling 
Theatre & Dance Department

The Wagner family, 
which has been 

involved with  the 
Department of  

Theatre and Dance 
for two decades, has 

pledged a $2.2 million 
gift to fund student 

productions. See Wagner, page 3

acadeMic aFFairs  

Major Changes for Administrative Personnel in 2013  

This quarter, UCSD will face 
various changes in faculty across 
different departments and affiliated 
institutions. These incoming and 
outgoing faculty shifts will include 
a new provost for Muir College, 
the first-ever Vice Chancellor for 
Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion, 
a search for the new Director of 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography 
and a new Dean of the Jacobs School 
of Engineering.

According to Muir Provost 
Search Committee Chair Dr. Barbara 
Sawrey, Muir College’s newest pro-
vost will be announced during the 

middle of this quarter. Susan Smith, 
the current Provost, announced her 
intentions to retire at the end of the 
2012 calendar year, after heading 
the position since 2005. After retire-
ment from her post as provost and 
as faculty within the department of 
Visual Arts, Smith plans to spend 
time in Northern California, com-
pleting a book on women in medi-
eval art and beginning a project on 
19th century popular photography.

The Muir Provost Search 
Committee is comprised of Dr. 
Sawrey, Muir College Dean of 
Student Affairs Patricia Mahaffey, 
Warren College Provost Steven 
Adler, several other professors, an 
alumni representative and student 
representatives Elizabeth Garcia and 
Kit Wong. The committee is cur-
rently in the process of conducting 
interviews with over 30 applicants 
for the position.

“The staff and students…would 
love a Provost who embodies the 
theme of celebrating the indepen-
dent spirit and is committed to pre-
serving the things that make Muir 

College so special,” Garcia, who was 
not at liberty to discuss the commit-
tee proceedings thus far.

Beginning Jan. 1, Dr. Linda 
S. Greene of the University of 
Wisconsin-Madison will begin her 
position as UCSD’s first ever Vice 

Chancellor for Equity, Diversity, and 
Inclusion. Dr. Greene was chosen 
for the position in September 2012 
after a nationwide search by the 
UC Board of Regents and comes to 
UCSD after completing her affairs 
as Evjue-Bascom Professor of Law at 

UW-Madison. As VC-EDI, Greene 
will work with Chancellor Pradeep 
Khosla, Executive Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs Suresh Subramani 
and various departments and UCSD 
Programs to promote equal oppor-
tunities and inclusiveness and intro-

duce associated strategic initiatives.
 Dr. Greene, who had been pre-

paring for her position as VC-EDI 
after the winter break, was not avail-
able for comment by press time.

Heads of Scripps 
Institution and Jacobs 

School departing marks 
year of administrative 

turnover.

By  M ekala  n eelakantan  
senior staff writer

See faculty, page 3

tony  haym et  
Outgoing  director of scripps

institution of oceanography

fri ed er  sei ble  
Outgoing dean of jacobs school

of engineering 

li n da  green e  
Incoming vice chanellor for

equity, diversity and inclusion

The Molli and Arthur Wagner Dance Building is one of  several venues named for the long-time supporters of  UCSD Theatre and Dance. The Wagner 
Family recently pledged a mutlimillion dollar gift to help the struggling department.

photos courtesy of  lawwisc.edu, scripps institution and jacobs school of engineering



2 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, JANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

IN THE CITY
WHERE LITERARY TRADITION

IS INNOVATION

The MFA Program instructs writers in creative 
techniques, nurtures their individual development 
and vision, and helps them thrive in the larger 
community of writers.

Visit our Master’s programs at www.usfca.edu/asgrad
Contact us at 415.422.5101 or asgraduate@usfca.edu

Analytics  |  Asia Pacific  |  Biology  |  Biotechnology
Chemistry  |  Computer Science  |  Economics 
Development Economics  |  Environmental Mgt
International Studies  |  Museum Studies  
Public Affairs  |  Sport Mgt  |  Web Science  |  Writing

MASTER’S PROGRAM IN WRITING

CHANGE THE WORLD FROM HERE

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2012, all rights 
reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible for 
the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The views 
expressed herein do not necessarily represent the opin-
ions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of California 
or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is funded 
by advertising. Mullet Skirts.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-0468
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising & Marketing Assistant 
Christina Doo

Advertising Design & Layout 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Leo Bui, Arielle Sallai, Sara Shroyer, Bobee Kim

Zoe McCracken, Erin Robertson
Rebecca Han

arielle Sallai

Madeline Mann
ren Ebel

Zev Hurwitz

rebecca Horwitz

Hilary Lee

rachel Uda

ayan Kusari

Stacey chien

Laira Martin

ashley Kwon

ren Ebel

andrew whitworth

Brian Monroe

Leo Bui

Sara Shroyer

jeffrey Lau

allie Kiekhofer

claire yee

Beca Truong
Kim Brinckerhoff

editor in chief

Managing editors

news editor

associate news editor

Opinion editor

Sports editor

features editor

associate features editor

lifestyle editor

associate lifestyle editor

a&e editor

associate a&e editor

Photo editor

Design editor

associate Design editor

art editor

copy editor

associate copy editor

copy readers

Birdland By Rebekah Dyer

Visual diary By Khanh Nguyen

Briefs BY SEAN NAM, Staff Writer

LigHTs & sirens

▶ UCSD Researcher Mana Parast, 
MD, Ph.D, was awarded a $3 million 
grant by the California Institute for 
Regenerative Medicine to continue 
her research for treatments of pre-
eclampsia. Preeclampsia is a pregnan-
cy complication characterized by high 
blood pressure and abnormal kidney 
function. The condition affects 5 to 
8 percent of all pregnancies, leads 
to a significant number of mater-
nal deaths, and is the main reason 
for premature delivery. Parast’s work 
focuses on the trophoblast stem cells 
that make up the placenta, the tem-
porary organ that connects a mother 
to her unborn baby. Her lab has suc-
cessfully created the first human tro-
phoblast cell model that can be used 
to study the developmental stages of 
the placenta. 

▶ World-famous musician, composer, 
performer and UCSD Regents’ 
professor Ravi Shankar died at 4:30 
p.m. on Tuesday, Dec. 11. The Indian 
sitarist was 92. Shankar underwent 

a heart valve replacement surgery 
last month. Along with his influence 
on the Beatles and world music, his 
achievements include five Grammy 
Awards, the Praemium Imperiale 
(akin to a Japanese Nobel Prize 
for music) and the prestigious 
appointment as Regents’ professor at 
UCSD. 
 
▶ Katang, a dog who saved two 
children from a moving vehicle in 
the Philippines, may have beaten 
cancer. The dog faced serious 
injuries to her muzzle after jumping 
in front of a speeding motorcycle, 
saving her owner’s daughter and 
niece, who were crossing the 
street. Karen Kenngott, a nurse 
from Buffalo, N.Y., helped raise 
the necessary money for surgery 
through an online campaign. The 
dog, hospitalized at UC Davis, 
will also need to be treated for the 
heartworms in her arteries before 
she receives the necessary cosmetic 
surgery. 

▶ Two 24-year-old UC Berkeley law 
students were charged with killing an 
exotic bird in a Las Vegas casino. Justin 
Teixeira was charged with felony killing 
and felony torturing of an animal, 
while Eric Cuellar has been charged 
with the misdemeanor of instigating, 
engaging in or furthering an act of 
animal cruelty. Video surveillance 
shows Teixeira and Cuellar chasing a 
14-year-old helmeted guineafowl into 
a group of trees at the Flamingo Hotel 
and Casino, and witnesses reported 
the pair leaving with the corpse. If 
convicted, the two men could face up 
to four years in prison and a $1000 
fine.

▶ Authorities are reporting that a 
Lakeside, Calif. woman who neigh-
bors saw dragging her mother into 
a burning house on Tuesday evening 
will face jail time. The single story 
house on Lakeview Granada Drive 
in Lakeside caught fire around 4:30 
p.m., the local fire department said. 
Officials detained 41-year-old Neomi 

Rodriguez on charges that include 
arson, assault with a deadly weapon 
(not a firearm), elder abuse, attempt-
ing to prevent a victim from call-
ing the police, and attempted mur-
der. Court records reaffirmed close 
friends’ and neighbors’ suspicions of 
Rodriguez’s volatile relationship with 
her mother, Kazuko Martinez. 

▶ The man suspected of killing a 
woman in Lemon Grove on Thursday, 
Jan. 3, was found more than 1,000 
miles away in Happy Valley, Oregon. 
Casey Tschida is accused of shooting 
Jennifer Krajnak in the head early 
in the morning. Krajnak was found 
lying on the street, bleeding from 
the head. She was taken to Mercy 
Hospital, where she succumbed to 
her wound. Tschida and Krajnak had 
been socializing at a bar prior to 
the murder. Tschida approached and 
shot Krajnak as she walked home. 
Tschida left the scene and drove to 
Happy Valley, Oregon, where his 
mother lives.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, JANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 3

with some confidence,” Carmody 
said.

Arthur Wagner has served as a 
UCSD faculty member for almost 
20 years and continues to support 
the department by donating gifts 
with his wife, Molli. In 2008, a per-
formance space in Galbraith Hall 
was renamed the Arthur Wagner 
Theatre as recognition of his sup-
port.

“It is time to launch a fund-
raising effort that will sustain the 
future quality of theater at UC San 
Diego, one of the top programs in 

the nation,” Wagner said in a UCSD 
press release Dec. 10. “We need to 
ensure that the show goes on for 
students.”

Camrody says the UCSD Theatre 
and Dance Department’s high repu-
tation rests on foundations of excel-
lent faculty, outstanding students 
and a high level of professionalism 
during production season.

“Without these production 
opportunities, we cannot have a 
highly-ranked program,” Camrody 
said. “To that extent, the Wagner gift 
is an investment in the continuing 
and future excellence of the depart-
ment.”

The department’s professionally 
produced shows are performed in 
theaters shared with the La Jolla 
Playhouse, a prominent professional 
theatre. UCSD’s theatre program is 
ranked as one of the top three in the 
country, next to Yale’s and New York 
University’s. UCSD’s Department of 
Theatre and Dance celebrates its 
40th anniversary this year.

“It has been our true life’s passion 
to build and to nurture theatre and 
dance at UC San Diego,” Wagner 
said in the Dec. 10 press release.

Gift Will Help Struggling Theater and Dance Department
▶ Wagner, from page 1

After six years as Vice Chancellor 
for Marine Sciences and Director of 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
(SIO), Dr. Tony Haymet retired 
from his administrative positions 
on Jan. 1, 2013. He will remain a 
Distinguished Professor of UCSD 
as well as Vice Chancellor-Marine 
Sciences, Director of Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, and 
Dean of the Graduate Program 
in Marine Sciences, Emeritus. 
Professor Catherine Constable of the 
Scripps Institute of Geophysics and 
Planetary Physics will be serving as 
Acting Vice Chancellor for Marine 
Sciences, Director of SIO, and Dean 
of the Graduate School of Marine 
Sciences from Oct. 1, 2012 to July 
1, 2013. According to Dr. Constable, 
Chancellor Khosla has already made 
several recommendations, and a 
search committee for the next Vice 
Chancellor and SIO Director is cur-
rently being constructed.

As Vice Chancellor, Dr. Haymet 
focused on improving the Scripps 
budget, assembled a five-point plan 
of people, infrastructure, vessels, 

outreach and teaching and recruit-
ed over 44 very talented faculty 
members. Haymet established the 
first institutional postdoctoral pro-
gram at Scripps, as well as a Marine 
Biology undergraduate major dur-
ing Fall 2012, and also co-founded 
CleanTech San Diego in 2007, a non-
profit organization advocating clean 
technologies and sustainable indus-
try practices.

“We had a good six years with Dr. 
Haymet,” Dr. Constable said. “And 
I am looking forward to the results 
of the international search for his 
successor”.

Dr. Frieder Seible, Dean of the 
Jacobs School of Engineering for two 
terms, and 30-year faculty member 
of UCSD, will be retiring from UCSD 
in April 2013. 

Dr. Seible will remain an emeritus 
faculty and collaborator at UCSD, 
but will be the Dean of Faculty 
of Engineering and University 
Academic Vice-President of Monash 
University. Dr. Juan C. Lasheras, 
Stanford and Beverly Penner 
Professor of Applied Sciences at the 
Jacobs School, has been appointed 
Acting Dean since Dean Seible’s Fall 

quarter sabbatical and will remain 
so until the selection of a permanent 
Dean.

 Dr. Seible, Dean of the Jacobs 
School since 2003, is a member of the 
National Academy of Engineering, 
chairman of the California 
Department of Transportation 
Seismic Advisory Board, and serves 
as a structural engineering consul-
tant with over 600 papers and reports 
to his name, among many other 
accomplishments. 

As Dean he was instrumental in 
the construction of the Structural 
and Materials Engineering build-
ing, the founding of the depart-
ments of Structural Engineering and 
NanoEngineering, the Institute of 
Engineering in Medicine and various 
student programs.

An international search for 
Dean Seible’s successor will begin 
this month after the creation of the 
search committee and recruitment 
search firm. 

Dr. Lasheras was unavailable for 
comment by press time.

New Vice Chancellor of  Diversity Began Working Last Week
▶ faculty, from page 1

reader can contact
MekaLa  neeLakanTan         mneelaka@ucsd.edu 

reader can contact
sarah  Moon       SMOON@ucsd.edu 

LigHTs & sirens

Wednesday, December 26
4:14 p.m.: Welfare Check
▶An adult male was sitting on the 
ground of Lot 352, possibly drunk. 
Unable to locate.
4:39 p.m.: Medical Aid
▶An adult female at the Shiley Eye 
Center had acute abdominal pain. 
Transported to Thornton Hospital.
 
Thursday, December 27
11:12 a.m.: Vandalism
▶There were scratches on the 
door to the Biomedical Sciences 
Building. Information only.
3:29 p.m.: Disturbance
▶A large group of skateboarders 
was at Scholars Drive North. Will 
cooperate.
 
Friday, December 28
4:42 p.m.: Medical Aid
▶An elderly male at the Health 
Sciences Drive Infusion Room 
had a bad reaction to a blood 
transfusion. Transported to hospital.
8:16 p.m.: Suspicious Vehicle
▶Two juveniles were consuming 
alcohol in Lot 103. Closed by 
citation.
 
Saturday, December 29
2:25 a.m.: Suicide Attempt
▶A subject in Miramar Building 
4 made a suicidal comment to 
a friend online. Transported to 
hospital.
4:11 a.m.: Disturbance, Vehicle
▶The subjects were yelling “pig,” 
out of a vehicle window. Closed by 
adult arrest.
 
Sunday, December 30
2:07 p.m.: Possession of Stolen 
Property
▶The reporting party believed he 
saw the subject on a bicycle with 
his cell phone that was stolen two 
days before; he had previously not 
reported his cell phone missing. 
Unable to locate.

5:04 p.m.: Drunk Driving, No 
Injuries
▶A 33-year-old male was arrested 
for driving with a blood alcohol 
content of over 0.08 percent; he was 
on probation for DUI. Closed by 
adult arrest.
9:43 p.m.: Restraining Order 
Violation
▶An unemployed 30-year-old 
male received a violation order to 
prevent domestic violence, and was 
in possession of burglary tools and 
marijuana. Closed by adult arrest.
 
Monday, December 31
5:00 a.m.: Defrauding an 
Innkeeper
▶Four subjects ran from a taxi 
without paying the cab fare on 
Justice Lane. Information only.
 
Tuesday, January 1
12:44 a.m.: Unknown Trouble
▶An adult male slumped over in 
the driver seat of his vehicle at a 
traffic light; he had a blood alcohol 
content of over 0.08 percent. Closed 
by adult arrest.
1:39 p.m.: Disturbance, Argument
▶The male subject was arguing 
with lifeguards over a dog citation. 
Information only.
 
Wednesday, January 2
8:08 a.m.: Information
▶An adult female was driving 
erratically and honking the horn 
at Gilman Drive and Lot 401. 
Information only.
8:54 a.m.: Traffic Hazard
▶A male subject was juggling in 
traffic at Villa La Drive and the VA 
Hospital. Field interview.
5:16 p.m.: Indecent Exposure
▶A security guard reported seeing 
a large naked male in the area of 
Grassy Knoll. Field interview.

—REBECCA HORWITZ
Associate News Editor



OPINION contact the editorhilary lee
4 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, jANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

The U.S. unemployment rate for December remained unchanged from November 
— a dismal 7.8 percent. While it is 
important to not read too much into 
a single jobs report, the overall picture 
remains stark. The average monthly 
job gain for 2012 was 155,000, which 
was no different from 2011. At this 
rate, we won’t even reach pre-recession 
levels of employment by 2025.

Youth unemployment levels 
are even direr at 11.5 percent. The 
levels for communities of color are 
even higher, with Hispanic youth at 
12.2 percent and African-American 
youth at a staggering 22.1 percent. 
Employment at this age is necessary 
to hone skills for future jobs, so losing 
opportunities can jeopardize future 
potential earnings.

Unfortunately, Washington 
remains focused on the debt rather 
than the more pressing jobs crisis. Part 
of the blame falls on the House Grand 
Old Party (GOP) members who refuse 
to pass any bill that will stimulate the 
economy. President Obama attempted 
to spur job creation last year by 
encouraging teacher rehiring and 
funding infrastructure projects. But 
this bill was killed upon its arrival in 
Congress. Another significant setback 
for job creation this year is the lapse of 
the payroll tax cut. For 2012, the rate 
was 4.2 percent for employees instead 
of 6.2 percent. This represents a tax 
hike on most working Americans, 
causing another blow to the recovery. 
J.P. Morgan estimates this will reduce 
disposable income by $125 billion and 
consequently downgrade the GDP 
growth forecast for the first quarter of 
2013 to just one percent.

Even worse, though, is that 2013 
does not look like a year Congress will 
bother to deal with the unemployment 
levels. Due to gerrymandering by 
Republican state legislatures in 2010, 
House Republican members are more 
likely to suffer defeat from more 
conservative primary challengers 
than Democrats in their districts. 
Hence, there is no incentive for the 
Republicans in the 113th Congress to 
compromise or accept the Democrats’ 
job proposals. As for solutions offered 
by Republicans and Democrats, both 
parties claim tax reform could help 
create jobs. But the adjustment of 
individual and corporate income tax 
will have much greater effects on long-
term growth than the current jobs gap. 
This is simply because corporations 
and high earners (who would be 
most affected by tax reform) would 
not necessarily spend their increased 
income immediately and may save 
for when the economy is more 
prosperous.

More dangerously though, 
Republicans continue to advocate 
cuts to government programs 
which in turn will decrease jobs for 
government workers. At a time when 
unemployment is already high, this 
would be a poor move. 

Instead of focusing on the deficit, 
Democrats must shift the national 
conversation back to jobs. In the 
next battle over the debt ceiling, they 
should demand recovery programs 
and targeted government spending 
in concession for entitlement reform 
later. The jobs deficit now could lay 
waste to a generation of workers 
bringing much greater harm than any 
future debt. Congress must act quickly 
to prevent this. 

Tom Horne’s proposed plan to have 
educators hold on-campus firearms is 
counterintuitive to promoting safety — security 
officers with years of tactical training are the 
only personnel who should be allowed to wield 
handguns around children. Costs may be high, 
but hiring professionals who are trained to 
be level-headed during shooter situations is 
ultimately the best option to protect schools.

After 9/11, the nation proposed many 
different methods to stop future terrorist 
attacks. One of the most effective changes was 
the increased hiring of Federal Air Marshals 
(FAMs), who enforce from the air and rank 
among federal law enforcement officers with 
the highest in handgun accuracy. Though 
highly expensive (costing an estimated $3,000 
per flight and $12 million per year), FAMs have 
been effective in decreasing terrorist attacks. 
According to the Heritage Foundation, a think-
tank dedicated to the research and promotion 
of conservative public policy, FAMs have helped 
foil at least eight terrorist plots since 9/11. 

Just as the federal budget was adjusted 
to accommodate more FAMs in 2001, states 
should adjust their budgets to meet the costs 
of hiring more school security officers. Armed 
officers at the scene instead of a phone call 
away could save numerous lives. Specific school 
safety grants, cost-sharing partnerships and the 
reallocation of state money could all assist in 
making more funds available for protection.

A police officer or ground-equivalent FAM 
is worth the extra cost over having an educator 
go through gun training. No budget or other 
monetary impediment should stand in the way 
of protecting the nation’s children.  

— CedriC eiCher
StaffWriter

Instead of  More Guns, Support for  
the Mentally Ill Must Improve

Arming School Faculty May Be 
Only Economically Feasible Option

Public Schools Need to Hire Security 
Guards, Not Arm Educators

QUICK TAKES In response to the recent tragedy at sandy hook, attorney tom horne Is pushIng for a new law that would allow each arIzona publIc school to traIn and arm one faculty member.

The recent horrors in Newtown, Conn. 
may make certain school faculty members 
feel the need to not only carry pencils and 
binder paper to school, but fully loaded 
firearms as well.  Although inconvenient 
to teachers and potentially alarming to 
students, arming staff may be the most 
efficient and economically feasible approach 
to ensuring a safe learning environment for 
kids. 

While hiring trained security guards at 
each school would be ideal, state budgets 
are tight. The Washington Post averaged the 
yearly cost of supplying all public schools 
with a security guard at $2.5 billion dollars. 
Combine this with the Center on Budget 
and Policy Priorities report that Arizona 
will cut $183 million from K-12 spending 
this year, and it’s conclusive that training 
the teachers themselves would be a more 
realistic solution.

After 9/11, America took direct action 
against preventing armed threats with the 
Federal Flight Deck Officers program. 
Similar to equipping teachers, this allowed 
commercial airline pilots to become certified 
to carry guns on board planes. At a fraction 
of the cost of hiring security professionals, 
this program quickly addressed the looming 
safety threat and can easily be replicated by 
staff in public schools.

There is no more hiding from such 
catastrophes because, frankly, school is 
no longer safe. Ensuring that teachers are 
prepared and armed to protect the children 
they teach 180 days a year is an important 
issue that needs to be addressed.  

— Matthew rosin
Staff Writer

The undeniable rise in mass shootings in 
the past couple decades has given the United 
States good reason to change its gun control 
policy, but creating a law that increases the 
presence of firearms in schools is not the 
proper way to approach the issue. The U.S. 
should change the counter-productive manner 
in which the media covers these tragedies as 
well as improve support for the mentally ill 
in the US, not depend on fantastical acts of 
heroism from school teachers. 

A 2012 survey by Mother Jones, a 
nonprofit news organization, reports that of 
the 62 mass shootings since 1982, not one 
has been ended by an armed civilian. The 
argument for hiring more school resource 
officers in schools also falls apart given 
the presence of armed security during the 
Virginia Tech and Columbine massacres 
in 1999 and 2007, respectively. Moreover, 
both Mother Jones and a 2000 survey by 
the New York Times reported that at least 
half of shooting massacres are committed 
by the mentally ill, including paranoid 
schizophrenics and the suicidally depressed. 

The problem is not how to confront a 
crazed shooter — who can legally obtain 
more than what is necessary to overpower an 
armed principal — but that these individuals 
require special attention that society does 
not sufficiently provide. A step in the right 
direction should not be to arm more people, 
but to increase access to mental health 
providers, oppose the social stigma against 
recommending and seeking help and to avoid 
sensationalized coverage of these incidents by 
the national media.

— niCo heMsley
Staff Writer

opinion@ucsdguardian.org

Democrats 
Need to 
Shift Focus 
to Jobs Crisis

saad  asad  sasad@ucsd.edupolitics  as  usual

No Go 
for the 

UC Logo
The new UC logo received much 

flack, but the backlash could 
have been avoided if university 

adminstration had more effectively 
solicited student feedback in 

creating the monogram.

By  aleks  levin  senior staff writer  
i llustration   by  yuan  h uang 

When images of the new University of California logo began popping up on Facebook in early December, a UC-student outrage unseen since the 
Alexandra Wallace fiasco was unleashed. However, there were many 
misconceptions regarding the logo’s use and purpose. While it was 
commendable that the UC system responded to the backlash by 
suspending further use of the new logo, the public outcry could 
have been prevented if there were greater efforts to receive student 
feedback in the logo’s creation.

Designed by an in-house design team, the new logo featured a 
blue U-shaped figure with a fading yellow ‘C’ at the bottom. The 
main designer was a UC graduate, whose parents both taught at 
the UC system. Administration had high hopes for the new logo, 
but the monogram was not received well by the public. In the com-
ments section of any online news source, from the L.A. Times to 
the Huffington Post, people made comparisons to a flushing toilet, a 
loading wheel, a banana sticker and a generic corporate logo — the 
comparisons were endless. After 55,000 people signed an online 
petition to have the logo removed, along with spirited input by Lt. 
Governor Gavin Newsom, the UC system relented. The removal of 
the new monogram has already begun on a digital front, and while 
the UC system will not throw away materials with the new logo, it 

will cease to create materials with it.
However, many people erroneously believed that the logo would 

completely replace the historic UC seal created in 1895 by Tiffany 
& Co. The logo would not have replaced the official seal on diplo-
mas, letterheads or other official documents. Instead, it would have 
served to bring a more modern feel to websites, fundraising publi-
cations and recruiting and public affairs campaigns. The redesign 
was meant to convey how relevant the University of California is 
to the state, be eye-catching and reproduce well digitally and in 
small spaces. Critics who complained that one could not tell that 
the logo had anything to do with the UC system were unaware that 
the words ‘University of California’ would still accompany the new 
logo. 

While the logo was not entirely created without student direc-
tion, the UC system did not do the transition in a manner that 

See UC Logo, page 5



effectively got the message across 
to the public. According to Steve 
Montiel, media relations direc-
tor for the university president’s 
office, students, parents, alumni 
and chancellors did provide input 
in the design of the logo. The UC 
Office of the President commented 
on its Youtube channel that the 
creation was a collaborative pro-
cess, and that the UC system’s aim 
was to build off of the traditional 
seal while demonstrating the UC’s 
strong tradition of pioneering inno-
vation, for which they had gener-
ally received positive feedback. 

Despite these statements, the 
vast majority of students did not 

get the memo that a new logo was 
in the works while it was being 
designed. Most found out after-the-
fact from social networking sites 
like Facebook and Twitter, which 
largely contributed to the misun-
derstanding that the logo would 
completely replace the traditional 
UC seal on students’ diplomas. 

The UC wrongly focused its 
energy on making a “cool” and 
modern video which attempted to 
explain the thinking behind the cre-
ation of the new monogram, which 
was reminiscent of Facebook’s failed 
October chair video. The video was 
filled with imagery, allegory, and 
metaphor while failing to explain 
why or how the logo would be used. 
It is the UC system’s job to properly 

inform students that the image of 
the university might potentially 
change. 

In the future, the administra-
tion should more effectively convey 
any intended changes to students. 
Harvard has redesigned its seal over 
half a dozen times since its incep-
tion in 1650, but it always included 
certain recognizable hallmarks such 
as their shield. The UC system may 
want to go the Harvard route and 
incorporate elements from the old 
UC seal. The good news is: This 
incident shows that administration 
does listen and respond to criticism 
from the students.

THE UCSD GUARDIAN |MONDAY, jANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 5

Solve For X By Philip Jia

dear editor, 
In the last issue of the UCSD 

Guardian a letter co-authored by 
two literature professors called for 
cutting military aid to Israel. Beyond 
factual errors and omissions, the 
rhetoric tools that the professors 
employ are worth noting. As experts 
in Marxism and psychoanalysis, 
they adopted methods of recruited 
and drafted art to deliver hidden 
messages to brainwash their 
subjects. Let us give examples of 
some of these techniques: 

False imagery — the authors 
call Gaza “an open air-prison,” 
invoking associations on enforced 
incarceration, ignoring the fact that 
the restrictions on Gaza imports 
are primarily designed to prevent 
weapons smuggling that brought to 
thousands of missiles bombarding 
civilians inside Israel. But the 
authors conveniently omit this 
detail. Another tool is false causality 
— the authors mention Israel 
military action first and then say, 
“In response, Hamas sent multiple 
rockets into Israel.” This is blatant lie 
since Israel operation was conducted 
after years of Hamas bombardments 
targeting Israeli civilians.  Similarly, 
the use of words like “apartheid” or 
“occupation,” when Israel has left 
Gaza many years ago, has nothing 
to do with reality and are used here 
purely as propaganda messaging. 
One can only wonder then about the 
professors’ commitment to factual 
truth. 

The use of superlatives like 
“rain death” and “murder” applied 
to Israel are no other than a tool 
for evoking extreme imagery to 
create repulsive gut responses that 
blind thought and reason. The fact 
that terror can be inflicted by very 

primitive means, not to mention 
advanced missiles provided to 
Hamas by Iran, are not mentioned. 
The arguments of inequality in 
the number of casualties on both 
sides conveniently omits the facts 
that Hamas militants hide their 
rockets and ammunition in the 
midst of civilian population, using 
Palestinians as human shields in a 
win-win situation — if Israel does 
not retaliate, Hamas wins in war, 
and if innocent Palestinians are 
killed during military action, Hamas 
wins in propaganda.

But aren’t academic arguments 
supposed to be balanced, contextual 
and factual? Not the professors’ 
letter, which makes one more use of 
another main propaganda technique: 
counterfactual thinking — the final 
manipulation once the imagery and 
emotions are set in place. What 
if Israel is stripped of its military 
might? Wouldn’t the world be a 
better place? The authors imply this, 
but their argument remains hidden, 
while the rest of their writing leaves 
no space for constructive arguments. 

When does art, literature and 
even research cross the lines into 
shallow activism? Too often, 
according to a recent report by the 
National Association of Scholars that 
warns against the corrupting effect 
of political activism in the University 
of California. The professors’ 
letter is a clear example of this. It 
is a personal opinions that abuses 
academic culture by using a student-
run newspaper to run blatant 
propaganda disguised in academic 
pretense. So if you do not learn it 
in the classroom please remember 
from now on — excessive imagery, 
false causality and counterfactuals 
— you are being recruited (or 
manipulated).

—Shlomo Dubnov
Department of Music

LETTER TO THE EDITOR

Previous Issue’s Letter 
Contained Factual Errors 

▶ UC Logo, from page 4

Poor Publicity by the UC Contributed to Misunderstandings

reader can contact
aleks  levin        alevin@ucsd.edu 



6 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, JANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

FEATURES contact the editorAYAN  KUSARIfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

Thousands of years before Christmas was a holiday — and many hundreds more 
before we began dropping balls in 
Times Square — the Romans began 
their years by making resolutions to 
Janus, the god after whom January 
is named.

In the United States, the top 
three things Americans resolved to 
do in 2012 were (1) become more 
physically fit, (2) get organized 
and (3) spend less and save more, 
according to a study published by 
researchers from the University 
of Scranton in the Dec. 20, 2012 
issue of the Journal of Clinical 
Psychology. These resolutions 
reflect a subtle but significant 
change in the nation’s priorities for 
the new year. In 2002, the same 
team of researchers found that the 
top three resolutions were (1) lose 
weight, (2) improve non-romantic 
relationships (e.g., friends, 
coworkers and neighbors) and (3) 
change or improve career situation.

In the past ten years, the 
country has been through a lot 
of changes. Americans have been 
forced to plow their way through 
a double-dip recession, two 
drawn-out conflicts and persistent 
unemployment. Resolutions 2 and 
3 from the 2002 dataset reflect 
optimism and determination in 
the public’s approach to climbing 
up the ladder in the workplace. 
Resolution 3 from the 2012 dataset, 
the only one about economics, 
indicates that a difficult decade has 
caused Americans to hunker down 
and focus on spending less rather 
than earning more.

It’s not all bad news, however: 
According to a review article 
published in the Sep. 2012 issue of 
Mayo Clinic Magazine, American 
media has become far more 
inclusive of different body shapes 
and sizes. The review article also 
stated that most Americans (more 
than 50 percent) are now able to 
distinguish between health and 
physical appearance better than 
ever before. This shift is reflected 
in difference between the top 
resolution for 2002 and 2012: Now, 
the emphasis is on being healthy 
rather than losing weight.

Furthermore, it appears that 
difficult times have brought a 
new sense of urgency to New 
Year’s resolutions. The researchers 
found that in 2012, 18 percent of 
Americans who made resolutions 
were “moderately to fully 
successful” in fulfilling their New 
Year’s resolutions, compared to just 
8 percent in 2002.

Organization — the 15th most 
popular resolution in 1992, one 
of the first years that the survey 
was administered — has been 
climbing the charts since that 
year and finally entered the top 
three in 2012. In these 20 years, 
Americans have acquired more and 
more gadgets: smartphones, MP3 
players or tablets are now owned 
by over 80 percent of American 
households, according to a 2012 
statistics released by Consumer 
Reports. Furthermore, the average 
number of “smart” mobile devices 
owned per person, like the three 
noted above, exceeded 2.0 for the 
first time last year. As Americans 

High 
Resolutions 
at Home 
and Abroad 

ayan  kusari akusari@ucsd.edua  bigger  picture

See resolution, page 10

The Up and Coming Papers 

A look at promising research at UCSD that 
went under the radar in 2012 

hUmAN  elemeNt

BY  ayan  kusari  features editor  

In the world of science, it happens every year. A new study is published, full of meticulously 
gathered data and groundbreaking, game-changing results. Researchers and reviewers around 
the world are given access. Everything is set up just right for a conceptual revolution, and — 
nothing happens. Countless stellar papers go unrecognized every year, only to be “discovered” 
months later, or more. Here’s a look at some of the research from UCSD that was undervalued 
in 2012 — and why that will change this year.

The Unfolded Protein Response
A team of UCSD researchers, led by Navin R. Mahadevan 

at the Moores Cancer Center, found that nearly all tumor cells 
increase production of proteins used in growth and division 
through a mechanism called the unfolded protein response 
(UPR). In normal cells, proteins are folded, clumped together, 
and bent into different shapes in an intracellular structure 
called the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). When a cell is over-
worked, unfolded proteins pile up inside the ER and trigger a 
molecular signaling cascade that increases the overall activity 
of the cell, placing it in a stressed or “hyperactive” state.

Mahadevan and his colleagues found that nearly all cancer 
cells, which divide much more quickly than normal cells, use 
external signaling pathways to artificially trigger the UPR. 
Their work was published in the Nov. 18 issue of PLOS ONE, 
to little fanfare. 

However, on Jan. 4, a pharmaceutical company called 
Amicus Therapeutics announced that it had successfully 
tested a chaperonin-enzyme therapy for certain tumors. 
Chaperonin is one of the key proteins involved in the unfold-
ed protein response, adding weight and importance to the 
UCSD team’s findings. 

Enzymatic Explanations 
in Chronic Myeloid Leukemia

In early February 2012, a team of researchers headed by 
Michael Savona from UCSD found that a class of drugs called 
tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) was effective in treating 
chronic myeloid leukemia — cancer of the blood. Their find-
ings were published in Volume 8 of Nature Reviews Cancer, 
and generated slight interest, having been cited six times in 
the following months.

However, this is likely to change in 2013. Tyrosine kinase 
inhibitors are a general class of compounds, and therefore can 
carry severe side effects. In a paper published in the Dec. 24 
online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of 
Sciences, another team of UCSD researchers, led by Catriona 
Jamieson, M.D., Ph.D., reported that they had found the pre-
cise enzyme that is targeted by TKIs in chronic myeloid leu-
kemia patients. This enzyme, an adenosine deaminase named 
ADAR1, is being characterized by the research team. More 
specific TKIs can be engineered to suit this enzyme, leading 
to more viable therapies for leukemia patients, a fact that has 
already begun to make these two research teams’ work more 
widely featured on the web.  

As the specific ADAR1 inhibitors are developed in the 
coming year, the UCSD research teams’ work is likely to gen-
erate additional interest.

Keeping HIV in its Latent Phase
When a human being is infected with the human immunode-

ficiency virus, HIV, he or she can go for years without contracting 
acquired immunodeficiency syndrome — AIDS. There are a variety 
of reasons for this: the large number of white blood cells in the 
immune system and antiviral defense mechanisms in the blood-
stream are both crucial. However, the most intriguing reason for the 
delay between HIV and AIDS may be the fact that for years, the HIV 
virus can replicate in the bloodstream in what is known as “latent 
phase” — a distinct structural form of the virus.

Last year, a team of researchers that included UCSD professor 
Leor Weinberger published a paper in the February issue of Cell 
Cycle outlining a possible mechanism for latency in HIV cells. These 
researchers found that BET bromodomain-targeting compounds, 
which are widely found in certain plants and microbes, are capable of 
activating transcription of DNA in HIV. At the time, however, their 
findings did not explain how and why HIV becomes activated in the 
human body and thus did not generate a particularly huge amount 
of interest.

However, the situation has now changed. A team of researchers 
at Hoffmann–La Roche, a pharmaceutical company, has found that 
BET bromodomain-targeting compounds are in fact secreted by 
mammals in small quantities in cells that have undergone a process 
known as acetylation in certain regions of their DNA.

Acetylation activates genes, and the La Roche researchers found 
that those that code for BET bromodomain-targeting compounds 
were found to be activated in certain fibroblasts, the tiny, often-
overlooked cells that secrete the extracellular matrix, the glue that 
holds larger cells in a tissue together.

Given the new finding that BET bromodomain-targeting com-
pounds are indeed secreted by human cells, the mechanism of HIV 
activation proposed by earlier by the UCSD research team now seems 
more likely. As such, the work is a good candidate to generate more 
buzz in 2013.

photos courtesy of  long pham/flickr.com



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, JANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 7



8 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, JANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

PC BLOCKBUSTER:
THE DARK KNIGHT RISES • PC THEATRE

THU 1.10 • 8pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
1 . 0 7 - 1 . 1 3

2 0 1 3

MON1.07
8:00 AM - 6:00 PM
THROUGH 2/3
HUGE ART SUPPLY SALE @ UCSD BOOKSTORE
55% off Art Alternatives Studio Collection canvas. 55% off 
Art alternatives economy stretched canvas value packs. 
50% off Winsor Newton Artists' canvas. 30% off 
Daler-Rowney Simply sketchbooks. 25% off storage 
items & More..

6pm
BLABBERMOUTH—THE LOFT 
Have a story or song to share? Blabbermouth is a 
monthly event held at The Loft, giving writers of prose, 
poetry, and fiction, as well as musicians and performers a 
place to share their art. Enjoy some bites and beverages 
and come support your fellow students! If you would like 
to participate, please email Shannon Fox at 
blabbermouthnightucsd@gmail.com, subject line: 
January 7th.

3:30pm
SEMINAR SERIES KICK-OFF EVENT: RECEPTION 
WITH JOHN M.D. POHL - INSTITUTE OF THE 
AMERICAS COMPLEX, DEUTZ ROOM
'Our Mother the Sea: The Pacific Ocean and the 
Indigenous Social Transformation of North America, 
A.D. 1000-1600' presented by John M.D. Pohl, Adjunct 
Professor, Department of Art History at UCLA Curator, 
'Children of the Plumed Serpent' at the Los Angeles 
County Museum of Art. Kick-off event of USMEX Winter 
Seminar Series, with reception to follow. There is no 
cost of admission. Open to the public.

FRI1.11
7:30pm
NO15 MAGAZINE VOL. V LAUNCH 
PARTY - THE LOFT
Join NO15 Magazine as they release 
their fifth issue! Celebrate the first 
Friday of the quarter with San Diego's 
up and coming performers - Melted 
Toys and DJ NaturaLee - and an art 
show. Put on your party outfit and 
come ready for loads of dancing, 
music, and art! Network with UCSD's 
most fashion forward individuals and 
learn about UCSD's internationally 
recognized magazine! Contact: 
info@no15mag.com

SAT1.12
7pm
ORION: MUSIC UNDER THE STARS (ACOUSTIC MUSIC 
FESTIVAL)
The one and only, genuine and upfront, new and fresh, ORION 
Acoustic Music Festival is back and better than ever. FAS Promotions 
have teamed up with Kuncocshun, Oscar Bolanos (Sixth College 
Council Leader), and Shashank Gupta, UCSD's AS Senator, to bring 
you the musical event of the year. Bring a blanket, bring a friend, 
bring your significant other, and get ready to get cozy as your own 
student body and musical acts from around the country bring YOU 
an experience to remember for a lifetime. There will be a FREE 
RAFFLE where you can win an iPad, TV, gift cards, and much more! 
Enjoy FREE FOOD and DRINKS and sit in the warmth of blankets and 
heat lamps - all under a bright starlit sky!

WED1.09

TUE1.08
5pm
CAMPUS STRATEGIC PLANNING PROCESS: TOWN HALL MEETINGS FOR STUDENTS - PRICE CENTER 
BALLROOM B & MULTIPURPOSE ROOM, SSC
All UC San Diego students are invited to attend an upcoming Town Hall meeting to learn more about, and participate in, 
the strategic planning process being initiated by the campus to establish shared goals to define the future of UC San 
Diego. It is important that the development of our strategic plan is a bottom-up, inclusive and collaborative process, and 
that everyone has an opportunity to share ideas and give input. There will be two student Town Hall meetings and one 
for all students and one specifically for graduate and professional students. 

* All Student Town Hall: Tuesday, January 8, from 5:00 and 6:30 p.m. in the Price Center Ballroom B
* Graduate/Professional Student Town Hall: Thursday, January 10, from 4:00 and 5:30 p.m. in the Multipurpose 
Room in the Student Services Center.
Each Town Hall will begin with a presentation about the strategic planning process before brainstorming sessions in 
which students may provide comments. In addition to Town Hall meetings, we will also conduct focus groups, 
interviews, online surveys and other information-gathering sessions to ensure full inclusion of our campus and 
community members in this process. I encourage you to learn more by visiting http://plan.ucsd.edu.Please plan to join 
me for this important opportunity to define UC San Diego's future. If you have any questions about the Town Hall 
meetings, please contact Special Events and Protocol at 858-534-6386.

UC SAN DIEGO AND PARENT & FAMILY PROGRAMS PRESENT

January 11-12, 2013

Check out the full schedule of events at parents.ucsd.edu

UC San Diego is launching a new tradition with the first-annual Siblings Weekend, Friday, Jan. 11 
through Saturday, Jan. 12. Students are invited to host their brothers, sisters, nieces, nephews, cousins 
and family friends, ages 7-16, to share the UC San Diego student experience and participate in a variety 
of activities. Events include Triton Tailgate, Green Eggs and Ham Welcome Breakfast, Sun God Picnic 
with some Inflatable Fun, Community Service Project and more.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, jANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 9

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

HOUSING
FEMALE Roommate Wanted! Rent is $353.34 a 
month plus utilities. Apartment is located within 
easy walking distance to Arriba and Nobel shuttle 
stops and La Jolla Village Square shopping cen-
ter, and has its own washer and dryer. Room 
comes with adjacent bathroom. Room has walk-
in closet and small balcony. Apartment complex 
has heated pool, hot tub, and business center (all 
of which are free for residents) and a clubhouse. 
Quiet neighborhood. No pets and no smoking 
please. Listing ID: 45507324

Need a room for the upcoming year - Share a 
room in a three bedroom condo with all guy 
SDCC seniors. Would be sharing a room with a 
studious friendly guy who enjoys having too. Has 
parking and washer and dryer. Utilities are not 
included. Contact me so we can setup a meeting 
and I can give you a tour. Listing ID: 46066634

Local UCSD house wants 6 people to sign with 
us! - My two friends and I found the perfect place 
two blocks from UC San Diego and want to find 
six laidback, easy going people to live with! Guys 
or girls are welcome, my 2 friends are guys. The 
place is a 4 BR, 3 bath house with a balcony and is 
so close to UCSD campus. This is going to be our 
senior year and we want to go out with a bang! 
Please get a hold of me ASAP, so we can move in. 
Listing ID: 45842809

FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED: AICA-SD area!! - We 
are looking for a female roommate to share our 2 
bedroom, 1bath place. It is a very nice and clean 
apartment. Currently, there are three, outgoing 
and funny girls in need of one more. Pool, laundry 
etc. included in rent. Email if interested. Listing 
ID: 45698638

2 UCSD students seeking 1 housemate - $700 - 
My friend and I are both UCSD students in search 
of a housemate to start a year lease on August 1st. 
She and I are both very clean, considerate, easy-
going and quiet and would like a similar kind of 
housemate. We are looking for a third person in 
order to offset the cost of living in UTC/La Jolla 
area. We have not yet found a place but would 
be looking for 3 bedroom places near UCSD. 
Please let me know if you’re interested! Listing 
ID: 45598366

3 UCSD Students looking for a fourth roommate 
for the month of July - $700 - Looking for a place 
to live for summer session 1? Or simply a place 
for the month of July? Well we are three UCSD 
students renting out a 3 bedroom place (one of 
us has a single and the other two have a double) 
and we’re in need of a fourth roommate for the 
third bedroom. The place is a condo, is well kept 
by a good land lord and is by UTC. Listing ID: 
45518279

$850 Roommate/co-renter wanted (Costa Verde, 
UTC, San Diego) - i am in a process towards rent-
ing a 2bhk apartment in costa verde, utc, san 
diego and i am looking for a roommate to share 
the apartment with.. Listing ID: 46072127

JOBS
Financial Analyst and Business Modeling Intern 
- Sony Electronics Digital Cinema Solutions divi-
sion in San Diego, CA, is looking for an MBA 
Business Development Intern for the summer. 
This MBA Internship position is focused primarily 
on assisting the Digital Cinema Solutions groups 
efforts to evaluate and build profitable new busi-
nesses by building thorough in-depth business 
plans, financial models, and operating models, for 

crossword

Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

ACROSS
1 Builds up considerably
8 Game with beehive-shaped pieces
15 Avian activity
16 Cruel
17 Start working
18 Common bait
19 Juillet is part of it
20 Chess stratagem
22 Pop singer/songwriter Sands
23 Steal
25 Yarborough of NASCAR
26 Fumble
27 It takes your breath away
29 Normandy beach
31 One with a spare in his boot
32 F1 neighbor
34 Put out
36 Experimental processor
40 Like eagles
41 Do a typical teenager’s job
42 Nobel Prize subj.
43 Signs of success
45 Some Wi-Fi offerers
49 Great time
50 Processing time meas.
52 Word with punch or party
53 Bit of wit
55 Muezzin’s temple
57 Keep out
58 Increases
60 Title lost love in a Poe poem
62 “You’re my pride and joy, et cetera” girl 

in a Turtles hit
63 Fifth Greek letter
64 Unified whole
65 Expose

DOWN
1 German chancellor Merkel
2 Rendezvous
3 Opposite of ahead
4 Pou __: vantage point
5 Do a number
6 Room-sized computer
7 U.S. Army E-9
8 Antipasto veggie
9 It may be gross: Abbr.
10 Small fee?
11 Quite significant
12 “It’s okay now”
13 Mock
14 Editor, at times
21 Early hospital services insurer
24 Actor __ Ivory Wayans
28 Celestial sci.
30 Units measured by a multimeter
31 Painful, as honesty
33 Afternoon service items
35 “War and Peace,” e.g.
36 Fictional harpooneer
37 Separate
38 Hunks
39 Tamarin relative
44 One often has a colon in its title
46 Leg bone
47 Bewitch
48 Tranquil
51 Apology ending
54 Ice cream purchase
55 Reagle of “Wordplay”
56 Relaxed
59 Suffix with Meso-
61 Stack site: Abbr.

#triton

winter

LIBRARY WALK • 10am-3pm

( S W E A T S H I R T S  A N D  C A R D I G A N S )

25% OFF 50% OFFALL OUTERWEAR ONE PIECE OF OUTERWEAR
OPEN WEEK 2 • M-F

BUY ANY ITEM & GET

OUTERWEAR

SALE
OR

service and product platforms in new and existing 
markets, including scenario and elasticity analysis 
of investments with ROIC/IRR/NPV calculations. 
Qualifications: Must be currently enrolled in or 
a recent graduate of an MBA graduate college 
program, Must have 3.5 GPA or above, Analytically 
oriented with attention to detail, Highly pro-
ficient in Excel and databases, such as Access, 
Strong results orientation, Strong analytical, writ-
ten and interpersonal skills, Ability to work under 
pressure in a dynamic environment, Ability to 
identify problems and collaborate with others to 
provide options for resolution, Previous banking, 
finance, accounting, or economic model experi-
ence required, Experience in Cinema, Managed 
Services, and/or Entertainment industries pre-
ferred, Must be able to travel domestically as 
needed. Listing ID: 45841300

Graphic Designer - We are a Direct Response 
Marketing Agency currently in search of moti-
vated, personable graphic designer to help in out 
Art Department. Our field expertise is executing 

business customer acquisitions campaigns via 
Direct Response Marketing programs (Direct mail, 
Email Marketing, SMS, Social Media) for all types 
of customers. We are a full service direct response 
agency that designs and produces campaigns 
for companies of any size across the country. 
The Details: This is a three months part time (15 
hours per week) paid internship for the summer 
months. Listing ID: 45519575

Event Support Intern - The Child Abuse Prevention 
Center is seeking a highly motivated, self-starting 
energetic student to assist 10-20 hours per week 
with the planning of multiple non-profit events 
in the Spring and Summer of 2012. The Events 
Intern will directly support staff and gain valuable 
skills while assisting with communications/public 
relations, event planning, corporate research and 
volunteer outreach. This unpaid internship can 
provide school credit, portfolio building experi-
ence, a flexible schedule and valuable experience 
in the non-profit sector. Listing ID: 45602492



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, JANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Significant Studio Features:
50+ Classes Per Week - Plenty of Convenient Parking

Weekdays 5:30am to 10pm • Weekends 7:30am to 7pm
Full Ammenities Luxury Studio w/ Lockers & Private Showers

$10
Trial Week

Of Unlimited
HOT YOGA

  

$74
Monthly-

Unlimited Yoga 
Membership

w/6 Month Commitment

$39
Monthly- Limited 

Yoga Membership

ONLY

7 consecutive days,
enjoy as much yoga

as you want!

*First Time Local Students Only *Full Time College Students Only *Full Time College Students Only

Valid for unlimited classes
weekdays from 6am-3pm
All Drop-Ins are $10 outside

of qualified hours

Directly off UCSD Bus Loop @ I-5 and Nobel Drive Below Ralphs
www.solyogastudios.com  858.452.9642

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .

g e t  i n f o r m e d . . .

new, bold look!

visit

more content. . . new, bold look!

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .
new, bold look!

more
content. . .

ucsdguardian.org

bold, new
look!

ucsdguardian.org

become more and more connected 
to their technology, staying 
organized has emerged as an 
unexpected challenge and a true 
first-world problem if there ever 
was one.

Citizens of countries that aren’t 
members of the so-called first 
world often have a very different 
set of resolutions, a fact that hadn’t 
been documented until the Google 
Zeitgeist Project, launched earlier 
last year. Its interactive “2013 
Resolution Map” shows many of 
the same patterns as the University 

of Scranton team’s findings for 
American citizens, but also sheds 
light on resolutions made by 
citizens all around the world. Its 
methodology is a bit different, 
but has the same effect: Zeitgeist 
users can either submit resolutions 
on their own or up-vote popular 
resolutions written by others. The 
most popular resolutions are the 
ones displayed.

For Kenyans, the most popular 
resolution was simply, “Smile more.” 
Just north in Ethiopia, the most 
popular resolution was a single 
word: “Love.” And for Iranians, the 
most popular resolution for 2013 

wasn’t really a resolution at all, but 
a prayer: “An end to all wars, both 
here and abroad.” The author of 
the resolution was anonymous, but 
over a hundred thousand Iranians 
have up-voted the message in a 
matter of days. 

Resolutions reflect an innate, 
human desire to have a better life 
and make a fresh start. Today’s 
resolutions can be published, 
analyzed and compared as never 
before. Resolutions may have 
originated as a deeply private form 
of prayer, but these days, it only 
takes a few clicks to see what the 
world is wishing for.

▶ resolution, from page 6

Exploring New Year’s Resolution Trends Around the World 

WRITE.
DESIGN.

ILLUSTRATE.
PHOTOGRAPH.

ADVERTISE.
MARKET.

FIND OUT MORE ABOUT UCSD’S OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER AT OUR INFO SESSION 

FRIDAY, OCT. 5 @ 5 P.M.
2ND FLOOR OF THE OLD STUDENT CENTER (ABOVE HI THAI)

APPLY NOW AT WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/jOBS

DEADLINE FOR FALL 2012 IS OCT. 12

THE GUARDIAN WANTS YOU.

WRITE.
DESIGN.

ILLUSTRATE.
PHOTOGRAPH.

ADVERTISE.
MARKET.

FIND OUT MORE ABOUT UCSD’S OFFICIAL STUDENT NEWSPAPER AT OUR INFO SESSION 

FRIDAY, OCT. 5 @ 5 P.M.
2ND FLOOR OF THE OLD STUDENT CENTER (ABOVE HI THAI)

APPLY NOW AT WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG/jOBS

DEADLINE FOR FALL 2012 IS OCT. 12

THE GUARDIAN WANTS YOU.



THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, JANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG 11

SWIMMING AND DIVING — The 
UCSD Swimming and Diving team is 
the most decorated program at UCSD, 
with over 40 NCAA Championship 
appearances and a myriad of National 
Champions.

This season, the expectations are 
just as high as they’ve been in years 
past. The Tritons return Nick Korth, 
the 2011 National Champion in the 
200-meter breaststroke. Korth returns 
as the only national champion on the 
2012¬–2013 roster, but UCSD Head 

Coach Corrie Falcon believes this sea-
son’s freshmen to be promising.

“This is absolutely one of the 
strongest recruiting classes in [pro-
gram] history,” Falcon said. “This is 
probably the strongest men’s class 
we’ve ever had, and this year’s female 
freshman class is probably on par with 
last year.”

The Tritons opened the cam-
paign back in November by winning 
every event against Claremont Mudd 
Scripps before falling to UC Santa 

Barbara. The following week, the 
Triton women finished a tepid ninth 
out of 13 while the Triton men placed 
third out of 9 teams.

Competing in January, the UCSD 
women took down CSU East Bay and 
rivals Grand Canyon University, while 
the men conceded a 77–128 loss to 
Grand Canyon.

UCSD continues their home-
stand this weekend Saturday Jan. 
11–12 against Missouri Science and 
Technology and Loyola Marymount. 

MAKE  A  LASTING  IMPRESSION

Men 

Adam Rice: 200 IM, 1:46.99

Adam Rice: 400 IM, 3:53.72

eric Owens, nick Korth, Adam Rice, Blake Langland: 200 
medley relay, 1:28.56

eric Owens, nick Korth, Adam Yen, Blake Langland: 400 
medley relay, 3:14.67

Alex Merrill, Julius espiritu, Adam Rice, Michael Lorch: 
800 free relay, 6:37.68

WOMen 

emily Adamczyk: 200 breaststroke, 2:13.18

Jaclyn Amog: 100 butterfly, 55.47

Alex Henley: 200 IM: 2:01.41

Anji Shakya: 500 freestyle, 4:51.14

Sierra Robbins, Olivia Fountain, Anji Shakya, Alex Henley: 
400 free relay, 3:23.42

The Guardian

For more info...
email web@ucsdguardian.org

We're
looking for a
webmaster!

 isn't just for writers.
BEATRICE BAJUELOS, NOLAN THOMAS/Guardian FILE



12 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  MONDAY, JANUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

WINTER SEASON PREVIEW
Women’s BAsKeTBALL • men’s BAsKeTBALL • men’s VoLLeYBALL •sWImmInG 

PHOTO CREDIT/Guardian FILE

MEN’S BASKETBALL — Nine 
games into the season, six games 
into conference play, the Tritons are 
2–7 in 2012–13.

With 16 games left in the regular 
season, the UCSD Men’s Basketball 
team is tied for last in the CCAA 
alongside Humboldt State and Cal 
State Stanislaus. The three teams 
begin 2013 with a paltry 1–5 record 
— one win worse than UCSD’s start 
this time last season.

Granted, the Tritons have 

trudged through one of the tough-
est CCAA schedules this early on, 
facing 6–0 Cal State San Bernardino 
twice as well as narrowly dropping a 
52–51 decision to second place Cal 
Poly Pomona.

Fortunately, UCSD’s next batch 
of games will be against the bottom 
half of the conference. With the 
exception of a match against Chico 
State, who will kick off a homes-
tand for the Tritons this Friday, Jan. 
11, UCSD will face CSU Stanislaus 

(1–5), CSU Monterey Bay (2–4)  
and CSU East Bay (3–3). A pair of 
wins could prove crucial for UCSD, 
who has the opportunity to launch 
itself out of last place and is among 
the pack of teams tied with 3–3 
records.

Although the Tritons seem to 
have restructured their formation 
in order to accommodate a smaller 
group, the departure of 6-foot-8 
center Christian Hatch still rever-
berates through the squad. While 

last season the Tritons always had 
the option of dumping the ball into 
Hatch, this season UCSD relies pri-
marily on a perimeter game. Senior 
shooter Tyler McGrath leads UCSD 
in scoring, with 144 points in his 
nine games. McGrath is buttressed 
on the boards by junior point guard 
James McCann and senior forward 
Justin Brue.

The Tritons continue to get 
quality minutes out of senior util-
ity Ryan Peters and junior guard 

MacKenzie McCullough, but have 
also seen contributions from their 
two freshmen. Redshirt freshman 
Brandon Blanchard has led UCSD 
on the boards twice this season, 
while Dyer — a center with an 
affinity for the perimeter — scored 
a team-high 19 points in the Tritons’ 
last game against Humboldt State. 

This weekend, UCSD returns to 
RIMAC, where it will face Chico 
State this Friday, Jan. 11 and CSU 
Stanislaus on Saturday.

WOMEN’S BASKETBALL — 
Without last season’s top scorer 
Chelsea Carlisle and 2012 California 
Collegiate Athletic Association 
Coach of the Year Charity Elliott, 
the new management still seems to 
be finding its footing at the start of 
the 2013 season. 

It’s unlikely that the Tritons will 
reach last season’s 18-game win-
ning streak, as UCSD (6–7, 4–2 
in CCAA) has yet to pull above 
.500, but UCSD head coach Heidi 
VanDerveer asserts that the team 
will continue to show improvement 
throughout the season.

“They’re learning a whole new 
system, a whole new style and I 
think things are behind because 
of that,” she said. “We have a very 
motivated, bright group so they’re 
making adjustments very well.”

Senior Daisy Feder has largely 
filled the hole left by Carlisle. Her 
fifth-year season is averaging 21.1 

points per game and 5.8 rebounds 
per game, leading the Tritons in 
both categories. Senior guard Emily 
Osga and junior forward Erin 
Dautremont lend experience to an 
otherwise very young squad. In 
combination with Feder, the three 
stand as the remnants of last sea-
son’s starting lineup and are also the 
team’s top scorers.

This season, senior forward Erin 
Grady sits on the block for gradu-
ated forward Lauren Freidenberg, 
while sophomore point guard 
Miranda Seto — who has shown 
marked improvement from her 
freshman season — steps in for 
Carlisle.  

Currently, the Tritons are tied 
for second in the conference with 
Cal State Los Angeles, behind 6–0 
Chico State. The Wildcats are the 
only team in the conference without 
a loss and will travel to UCSD this 
Friday, Jan. 11.

WOMEN'S  BASKETBALL

2011-12 RecORd:  30-3

2012-13 RecORd: 6-7, 4-2

2012 HOnORS: 

charity elliot: West Region 
coach of the Year

chelsea carlisle: division II 
All American, ccAA MVP

Lauren Freidenberg: All 
ccAA First Team

emily Osga: All ccAA First 
Team

daisy Feder: All ccAA First 
Team   

2012 RecORd:  9-19, 6-16 
In MPSF

2012 KILLS LeAdeR:  carl 
eberts, 335

2012 BLOcKS LeAdeR:  
carl eberts, 65

MEN’S VOLLEYBALL — The UCSD 
Men’s Volleyball team closed out last 
year with              what head coach 
Kevin Ring described as one of its 
best seasons in recent memory. 

The Tritons opened this sea-
son at the UC Santa Barbara Asics 
Invitational, where they finished in 
fourth place, going 1–2 against three 
nationally ranked squads. UCSD 
went to five sets in all three matches, 
taking a win against No. 5 Lewis 
University, while losing 2–3 to both 
No. 6 UCLA and No. 7 Cal State Long 
Beach.

Last season, UCSD went 6–16 
in the Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation — admirable for the only 
Division-II team competing in the 
13-team conference. Despite being 
picked to finish last in the annual 
MPSF Coaches’ Poll, look for the 
Tritons to overachieve again this 
season. Every player from the 2012 
season returns to the rotation this 

season for UCSD, including senior 
outside hitter Carl Eberts and junior 
outside hitter Vaun Lennon. Eberts 
— 250 kills away from reaching 1,000 
career kills, led the Tritons in kills 
and aces last season, while Lennon 
averaged just under Eberts.  

This Thursday, UCSD opens 
MPSF play against USC at 7:00 p.m. 
at RIMAC Arena. On Saturday, the 
Tritons remain at home to take on 
Pepperdine University at 1:00 p.m.

SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org /  follow @UCSD_sports 

MEN'S VOLLEYBALL


	010713NewsNEW
	010713Opinion
	010713Features
	010713_CALENDAR_Pg8
	010713_Classifieds_PG9
	010713Features
	010713Sports

