
adventures  in  air On  the  right  track public   health   majOr  
aerial  silk  classes tritons  perform  at  ccaa  meetcoming  to  ucsd  in  fall  2013
Features ,  page   7 sports,  page  12opinion,  page   4

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 51 MONDAY, MAY 6, 2013 www.UcSDgUArDIAN.Org

THE GOOD LIFE FESTIVAL
The Health, Recreation, and Well-being Cluster hosted its second annual Good Life Festival at Town Square and Matthews Quad with attractions aimed at promoting healthy living. The 

event featured a climbing wall, human hamster balls and henna artists. Other attractions included Zumba, as well featured performances by student organizations and DJ Harry Bui. 

Chancellors 
Vote to Lift 
Coverage 
Cap on SHIP

health

caliFOrnia

Some campuses may 
opt to leave the health 
insurance plan in the 
coming months.

Police investigate at San 
Diego State and Fresno 
State after receiving bomb 
threats last week.

bY  sarah  moon  senior staff writer

bY    aleksan dra konstanti novic  
Associate News Editor

Chancellors approved the 31-mem-
ber UC SHIP Advisory Board’s rec-
ommendations including eliminating 
the lifetime coverage cap and other 
health benefits. At the May 1 meeting, 
all chancellors approved an advisory 
board recommendation to exclude 
premiums that will aid in reducing the 
$57 million deficit. 

“There were a number of issues fac-
ing UC SHIP as it moved toward the 
next plan year,” University of California 
Office of the President Media Special-
ist Brooke Converse said. “We wanted 
to make sure that students on all the 
campuses and all the administrators 
involved were all getting a chance to 
be informed about what was going on 
and have a say in how to move forward 
since it’s a plan by and for students.”

Students and student health direc-
tors from each UC campus, as well as 
some administrators from campuses 
and UCOP, make up the UC SHIP 
advisory board that looked over the 
list of recommendations facing the 
program. The UC SHIP Advisory 
Board shared the information with 
other students and got their opinions 
on the recommendations. 

Campus representatives voted on 
the recommendations after the process 
was complete, which included one vote 
from each campus followed by the ap-
proval of the executive committee. The 
group of students and administrators 
then passed the list of recommenda-
tions to the Council of Chancellors, 
which included chancellors from all 
ten UC campuses and the UC Hastings 
College of Law. 

The chancellors confirmed that 
some UC campuses would keep 
SHIP while others would leave. UC 
San Francisco and UC Santa Bar-
bara will leave parts of program. UC 
Berkeley is the only campus leaving 
SHIP completely, including medical, 
dental and vision. 

“UC SHIP was created with exten-
sive input from students,” a UC News-
room release stated. “Students empha-
sized the importance of an affordable 
premium and low co-pays.”

Other recommendations included 
supporting a UC SHIP waiver, allow-
ing group-level participation in UC 
SHIP, varying benefit designs for cost 
sharing, and more consistency of in 
covered services across campuses. 

Formalized SHIP program im-
provements for the 2013–2014 plan 
year include implementing a better 
reporting system which will take effect 
on Aug. 1. 

Incoming A.S. Council 
Transitions Into New Roles

Meggie Le heads her last meeting as A.S. Council president as the 
newly elected councilmembers transition into their new positions.

bY  davis  lian g  
staff writer

The 2013–2014 A.S. Council transi-tioned into their new positions dur-ing a meeting at Price Center Forum 
on May 3, 2013. 

The Wednesday night meeting marked 
the last time the current A.S. Council, head-
ed by President Meggie Le, would meet. 
The outgoing A.S. executives reflected on 
last year’s A.S. accomplishments, words of 
wisdom for the newly elected members and 
their future goals.

The current A.S. Council will begin gov-
erning this Wednesday. The weekly A.S. 
meeting will be converted into a retreat 
where the newly elected council will par-
ticipate in team-building workshops and a 
review of Robert’s Rules, a set of formalities 
that help create efficiency and structure dur-
ing council discussions. 

Next Friday, the A.S. executives will be 
making edits to the standing rules of A.S. 
council.

The A.S. executives have also been pre-

paring for their new terms with meetings 
and projects that are already underway.

Andy Buselt, A.S. President, is handling 
the transition into office by establishing sev-
eral ethnic studies minors and by working 
on a plan to tackle the transportation issue.

“I’ve been shadowing Meggie every 
meeting,” Buselt said. “I’ve also met with 
Robert Holden, the head of facilities. I’m 
also looking at an Islamic studies minor, 
Asian American studies minor and South 
Asian studies minor. The purpose of this is 
that each will not only focus on retention 
but student empowerment. I’m also working 
on establishing the bike committee as well.”

Linda Le, A.S. VP Student Life, is working 
on the publicity and visibility of A.S. Council 
and a transfer mentorship program with 
ACTA, the All Campus Transfer Association.

“On a more personal level, I’ve been hav-
ing many meetings with Heather to move 

See transition, page 3

a.s. cOuncil

California State University 
campuses in San Diego and Fresno 
received bomb threats within two days 
of each other, San Diego State on April 
30 and Fresno State on May 2.

Two notes were discovered 
in separate men’s bathrooms at 
SDSU claiming that there was a 
bomb on campus. Police evacuated 
the university’s Love Library and 
searched the area around the building 
with bomb-sniffing dogs. 

The library was re-opened that 
night after police determined that 
there wasn’t an immediate threat. 
Investigators plan to review campus 
security footage, but have not 
determined who left the notes.

Campus police at Fresno State 
received a bomb threat around 8:30 

readers can contact
sarah  moon     smoon@ucsd.edu See BomB threat, page 3

phOtO bY UzAIr MOhAMMAD/Guardian

Bomb 
Threats Hit 
Two CSU 
Campuses



2 t h E  U c S D  g U A r D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A r D I A N . O r g  n e W s

-LOST REWARD-

follow
@asceucsd
@asgraphicstudio
@tritonoutfitter
to find an instant winner!

IF FOUND,
PLEASE RETURN TO

sgf.ucsd.edu/lost

Tan Baby Sun God. Answers
to the name of “Indy”. Weighs
approx. 2.oz. - 10 days old

Carries a bull whip. Fears no one. 
Last seen at Sun God Lawn. 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. BAGEL QUEST.

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Managing; managing@ucsdguardian.org

Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising Assistants 
Vivek Medepalli, Audrey Sechrest, Darren Shim

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Bobee Kim, Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van

Training and Development Manager
Madeline Mann

Laira Martin

zev hurwitz

Mekala Neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

hilary Lee

Lauren Koa

rachel Uda

Stacey chien

Jean Lee
Vincent pham

Jacey Aldredge

Sebastian brady 

brian Monroe

taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

zoë Mccracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

Arielle Sallai

editor in Chief

managing editor

news editor

associate news editor

opinion editor

associate opinion editor

sports editor

Features editor

associate Lifestyle editors

a&e editor

associate a&e editor

Photo editor

associate Photo editor

Design editor

associate Design editor

art editor

associate art editor

Copy editor

associate Copy editor

Web editor

Editorial Assistants
Mozelle Armijo, Rachel Huang, Jacqueline Kim, 

Shelby Newallis, Kelvin Noronha

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Kate Galloway, Rachel Huang,                    

Jacqueline Kim brieFs by  mekala  neelakantan  news editor
▶ Scripps Students Suspended: 33 
students from Scripps Ranch High 
School were suspended and banned 
from attending prom and commence-
ment following a twerking video 
released on YouTube.

In the video, which was created by 
students in the school’s media class 
using school equipment and property, 
32 teenage girls were seen popping 
their hips and dancing suggestively to 
a song by rapper YG. According to one 
of the disciplined teenagers, all seniors 
involved must now request permis-
sion to attend prom and graduation 
ceremonies in front of a panel. 

“I don’t think they should have 
gotten suspended,” senior Brooke 
Carlucci said in an interview with 
NBC 7 San Diego. “I think the filmers 
should have been suspended, but not 
the girls involved.”

▶ Nathan Fletcher Joins Democratic 
Party: UCSD professor, former 
California assemblyman and San 
Diego mayoral candidate Nathan 
Fletcher is joining the Democratic 

Party after a one-year stint as an inde-
pendent politician.

“I’m proud to join the party 
and comfortable with my decision,” 
Fletcher wrote in an announcement 
on his Facebook page. “I hope you will 
respect my decision and not fall into 
the cynicism that so often dominates 
our political discussions.”

Fletcher left the Republican Party 
in March 2012 to run as an indepen-
dent status San Diego mayoral candi-
date, finishing third in the primary. He 
began teaching California politics and 
elections courses at UCSD in winter 
quarter of this year.

▶ UCSD Professors Join National 
Academy of Sciences: The National 
Academy of Sciences elected UCSD 
professors Peter J. Novick, Nicholas C. 
Spitzer and Nancy Knowlton to join 
the academy for distinguished achieve-
ments in research. Ninety-five UCSD 
members were previously elected to 
the National Academy of Sciences. The 
number of academy members on uni-
versity faculty is used as a benchmark 

to compare the strength of research 
across the nation’s institutions.

“These individuals are the world’s 
recognized leaders in their respec-
tive fields, and their presence on our 
campus is confirmation of the quality 
of our faculty and the excellence of 
our research university,” Chancellor 
Pradeep Khosla said.

▶ UCSD Health System Receives 
Outstanding Achievement Award: 
The American College of Surgeons’ 
Commission on Cancer awarded 
UCSD Health System’s Moores 
Cancer Center the 2012 Outstanding 
Achievement Award for excellence 
in cancer patient care. The Moores 
Cancer Center is one of three programs 
in California to receive the award 
and recently entered the National 
Comprehensive Cancer Network as its 
first San Diego-based program.

▶ “Anchorman: The Legend 
Continues” Casting San Diego 
Locals: “Anchorman: The Legend 
Continues” — the sequel to the 2004 

Will Ferrell film — is hosting an open 
casting call in San Diego this Saturday, 
according to Central Casting. The 
agency is looking for hundreds of city 
locals of any age and ethnicity to par-
ticipate as paid background actors dur-
ing the movie’s filming this month. 
Casting takes place at the Mission 
Valley DoubleTree Hotel on May 11 
from noon to 4 p.m. Interested San 
Diego residents should visit central-
casting.com for more information.

Birdland by rebekah Dyer

Visual diary by Khanh Nguyen

CorreCtion
In the Thursday, May 2 issue of the 
Guardian, an illustration accom-
panying the article “Just Desserts” 
was attributed to Herrick Ong. The 
artist is actually Snighdha Paul. 

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the edi-
tors. Corrections can be sent to edi-
tor@ucsdguardian.org.



a.m. on Thursday and alerted the 
campus through an email notice later 
that morning. 

Fresno State Police Chief David 
Huerta asked students to stay alert in 
the campus-wide notice.

“We take all threats seriously and 
put the safety of our students first, as 
well as the campus community.” he 
said. “As always, we ask students and 
the campus community that if you see 
something suspicious, say something 
immediately to authorities.”

Officers and housing 

administrators searched several 
residence halls, as well as the grounds 
and bushes. 

The threat was dismissed after 
nothing was found. 

n e W s  t h E  U c S D  g U A r D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A r D I A N . O r g  3

Financial Aid Offi ce 2013–2014

complete and submit your verifi cation worksheet, use the IRS Data Retrieval Tool,

If you have been selected for verifi cation, 

and/or provide other information by the MAY 21 deadline.

www.fafsa.ed.gov
www.CalDreamAct.org

FINANCIAL AID DEADLINE
MAY 21, 2013

MAY 21, 2013

MAY 1, 2010
GET YOURS.

To be considered for the best financial aid package, you must have submitted your FAFSA or California Dream Act Application by 
March 2 and submit all missing documents and/or clear all processing holds listed on your TritonLink Financial Aid checklist by the 
May 21st deadline.  Applications completed after the deadlines WILL NOT be considered for University Grants, SEOG, Work Study, 
University or Perkins Loans.   

lights & sirens

Friday, April 26
2 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶Someone contacted the UCSD 
Police Department with secondhand 
information of suspicious emails 
from an ex-employee in the Leichtag 
Biomedical Research Building. Report 
taken.
4:30 p.m.: Demonstration
▶There was a demonstration for the 
World Laboratory Animal Liberation 
Week at North Torrey Pines Road and 
Genesee Avenue. Information only.
4:35 p.m.: Sexual Battery
▶A male tried to hug a female at 
Gilman Drive and Mandeville Lane. 
Informational report taken.
10:14 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶The reporting party contacted the 
UCSD Police Department with con-
cerns about their adult daughter’s 
choice of lifestyle. Information only.
 
Saturday, April 27
4:36 a.m.: Disturbance, Argument
▶A UCSD Residential Security Officer 
reported hearing an argument between 
a male and a female. The female was 
driving away when the RSO stopped 
her. The 20-year-old female was arrest-
ed for battery against a spouse and 
DUI of alcohol or drugs. Closed by 
adult arrest.
4 p.m.: Hazard Situation
▶There was a live rattlesnake on the 
road near the greenhouse of Campus 
Services Complex, Building A. 
Information only.
 
Sunday, April 28
3:50 a.m.: Disturbance, Fight
▶A fight broke out at Pangea Parking 
Structure and a 19-year-old male stu-
dent was arrested for disorderly con-
duct due to alcohol. Closed by adult 
arrest.
 
Monday, April 29
8 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶A group of adult males on the UCSD 
Hillcrest/Campus Shuttle were tak-

ing pictures of females with their cell 
phones. Informational report taken.
12:41 p.m.: Suspicious Person
▶The subject was seen ducking in the 
bushes while looking at a vehicle at 
La Jolla Shores Drive and Naga Way. 
Unable to locate.
3:39 p.m.: Suspicious Package
▶There was secondhand information 
of a possible bottle rocket or other 
device hiding behind a tree at North 
Torrey Pines Road and Torrey Pines 
Scenic Drive. Unable to locate.
4:20 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶The reporting party received threats 
from a previous student at the Women’s 
Center. Informational report taken.
 
Tuesday, April 30
1:54 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶A parent contacted the UCSD 
Police Department with concerns 
about strange text messages she had 
been receiving from her daughter. 
Information only.
11:39 p.m.: Suicide Attempt
▶The reporting party received a text 
message from a friend about possibly 
attempting suicide. Transported to hos-
pital for evaluation.
 
Wednesday, May 1
11:15 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶A posted flyer or poster was 
destroyed at One Miramar Building 1. 
Informational report taken.
 
Thursday, May 2
1:42 a.m.: Citizen Contact
An officer saw a small group of people 
in the Jacuzzi at the Natatorium. Field 
interview.
8:21 a.m.: Vandalism
A small amount of white writing was 
near an elevator in One Miramar 
Building 4. Referred to other agency – 
Facilities Management.

— REBECCA HORWITZ
Senior Staff Writer

Council Executives Outline Their Goals for the Upcoming Year

Investigation Continues After Bomb Threats Are Dismissed

forward on how we address inter-
council relationships as well as A.S. 
visibility in general,” Le said. “I’ve 
been meeting with A.S. graphics 
studios, and I’m currently working 
on a plan in promoting A.S. next 
year and planning out retreats. I’ve 
also talked to members of ACTA for 
a transfer mentorship program.”

Vanessa Garcia, A.S. VP External 
Affairs, has been working on 
restructuring council goals.

“I’ve been meeting with SOVAC, 
TLC and local affairs to figure out 

how external should be restructured 
to have less overlap,” Garcia said. 
“I’m also working on having more 
defined goals that directly reflect in 
council membership within exter-
nal. We will also do strategic plan-
ning to outline our goals and initia-
tives for the rest of the year.”

Sean O’Neal, A.S. VP Finance & 
Resources, is meeting with senators, 
AVPs and administration to iron out 
next year’s budget.

“I’ve been meeting with every 
senator, and I’ve also been meet-
ing with the student sustainabil-
ity collective, SPACES, student life 

business office,” O’Neal said. “We’re 
all meeting with Gary Radcliff the 
AVC of student life because finance 
has to get started right away. We 
have to assess all traditional events 
to see which ones will be funded. 
I also need to meet with student 
orgs to come out with a summer 
budget and funding guidelines.  I’ll 
meet new AVPs that are coming 
in and leaving to finish the assess-
ment on financial sustainability of 
Associated Students.”

readers can contact
davis  liang     d1liang@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
aleksandra konstantinovic     ALKONSTA@ucsd.edu 

▶ transition, from page 1

▶ BomB threat, from page 1

like  us  On  FacebOOk
WWW.FacebOOk.cOm/ucsdguardian



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Let’s Shift 
Our Focus to 
Preventative 
Healthcare

In 2008, the state of Oregon initiat-
ed a healthcare policy to demonstrate 
the effects of expanded Medicaid 
coverage to low-income adults. This 
experiment is noteworthy because it 
sheds light on the future of Obama’s 
Affordable Care Act, which intended 
to provide affordable healthcare to all 
Americans. A recent study in the New 
England Journal of Medicine con-
cluded that Oregon’s expanded cover-
age had no significant health benefits 
on low-income adults in tests for 
hypertension, cholesterol and diabetes 
treatment — all manageable chronic 
conditions given proper care.

The problem with the focus of 
Oregon’s experiment is that it ignores 
other core issues necessary to improve 
the U.S. healthcare system. Universal 
coverage is an important step toward 
social justice, but we need to make 
substantial changes to the system’s 
fundamental approach to chronic dis-
ease treatment. America needs to shift 
its focus to preventative care.

Dr. Nick Yphantides, UCSD alum-
nus and chief medical officer of San 
Diego County, noted in an interview 
with the Guardian that our current 
healthcare system is the product of the 
past. Historically, most medical issues 
were related to infectious, catastrophic 
or industrially caused ailments — all 
of which are transient, imperma-
nent cases. However, in modern-day 
medicine this approach is inadequate 
because the majority of health prob-
lems are chronic conditions — issues 
of lifestyle choices and behavior. Dr. 
Yphantides offers a simple mnemonic: 
3-4-50. Three behavior-related risk 
factors — poor nutrition, a sedentary 
lifestyle and tobacco — use contribute 
to four chronic diseases: heart disease/
stroke, cancer, Type 2 diabetes and 
respiratory conditions like asthma. 
These four diseases constitute 50 per-
cent of all deaths in San Diego.

The problem in our current 
healthcare system is its focus on 
“sick care,” fixing maladies that have 
already occurred, rather than pre-
ventative “health care.” According to 
Dr. Yphantides, less than one percent 
of this “sick care” medical expendi-
ture goes toward modifying behav-
ior. This is problematic because 
behavior is the root cause for the 
four chronic diseases that guzzle 
75 percent of American healthcare 
spending. The U.S. currently spends 
more baseline healthcare dollars per 
person than any other country in the 
world and almost doubles that of the 
next highest country. 

The way to implement change 
is by transitioning from episodic, 
volume-based sick care to a more 
proactive, value-based system using 
financial incentives. One method is 
through the use of Accountable Care 
Organizations, held responsible for 
the quality, appropriateness and effi-
ciency of treatment. If we incentivize 
the delivery of services to patients by 
focusing on the value of treatment — 
for example, if a doctor successfully 
encourages a patient to lose weight 
and manage diabetes — the system 
saves money, and the doctor should 
be rewarded. A value-based system 
will lead to improved quality of life 
and significant taxpayer savings.

Dr. Yphantides woefully suggests 
that it may take crisis for change to 
occur, because people are unwill-
ing to change their behavior until 
disaster strikes. Let’s hope we’re wiser 
than that.

NICO  HEMSLEY NAHEMSLEY@ucsd.eduJUSTICE   IS   SERVED

A Major Win

The School of Medicine’s 
implementation of a new 

undergraduate public 
health major in Fall 2013 
increases student options 

into different fields of 
science and continues 
UCSD’s growth as a 

leading scientific research 
university.

BY  Sharon   Lay   Staff Writer 
i llustration   by    yuan  h uang

UCSD will have another good reason to boast about its excellent science program. Beginning in Fall Quarter 2013, the UCSD 
School of Medicine will offer its first undergraduate 
major, a Bachelors of Science in public health. 
UCSD is the third UC campus — behind UC 
Berkeley and UC Irvine — to administer this major. 
This new development shows UCSD’s commitment 
to continuous growth as a top-notch science 
university, and the public health major will help a 
wide range of UCSD students begin their careers in 
a quickly developing health field. 

UCSD’s implementation of the public health 
major will set the university apart as an institution 
offering an especially broad variety of science 
disciplines. In 2003, the Institute of Medicine 
recommended that all universities offer public 
health education to their undergraduates. According 
to the Association of American Colleges and 
Universities, only 16 percent of the 837 institutions 
surveyed offered undergraduate public health 
programs as of 2008. It may have taken eight years 
for the developing process to start, but the decision 
to create a public health major in 2011 was the 
right move for UCSD. 

The addition of a public health major benefits 
students as well as the prestige of the university. 
The division of biological sciences is ranked ninth 
best in the world according to the Center for 

World-Class Universities’ 2012 Academic Rankings 
of World Universities. This ranking is based on 
factors such as the number of Nobel Prizes and 
Field Medals that alumni and faculty have won, 
how widely staff research has been cited and the per 
capita academic performance of a university. While 
many universities may have majors and minors 
similar to public health, such as Yale University’s 
history of medicine major, none are as specifically 
developed as the new program to be started at 
UCSD this September. Previously, UCSD’s closest 
major to public health was a Bachelors of Arts in 
human development and a global health minor 
under the Eleanor 
Roosevelt College 
department. The 
public health major 
at UCSD will 
not only increase 
students’ options 
and diversify our 

See health, page 5

Prioritizing money and image 
over self-acceptance and community, 
a declined interest in charities and 
the environment  — these are a 
few of the shining attributes given 
to young adults born after 1983 to 
the early 2000s, according to a 2012 
study in the Journal of Personality 
and Social Psychology.

This penchant for the self shows 
in trending Internet activity. The 
so-called Millennial Generation, 
Generation Y, or “Generation Me” 
prefers reading essays they can 
personally relate to or articles that 
outline how to succeed in their 
own lives. The myriad of Thought 
Catalog confessional essays or lists 
of lifestyle tips littering Facebook 
news feeds exemplifies just that.

Following the trend, Elite Daily, 
a website that boasts itself as “The 
Voice of Generation-Y,” recently 
published the inspirationally 
entitled “The 20 Mistakes You 
Don’t Want to Make in Your 20s.” 
If Millennials want to be the well-
educated compassionates changing 

the world — not selfish, money-
hungry chauvinists — then they are 
better off disregarding that article 
(and any others like it) as nothing 
but the rantings of jaded sociopaths. 

The compilation offers some 
sensible counsel — family comes 
first, save money, karma is real. 
However, it labels women as “bottle 
whores,” a bad job as “a bitchy 
girlfriend who gives bad head,” and 
is tirelessly self-concerned.

This article confirms the 
egomaniacal presuppositions given 
to the Millennial Generation. 
Therefore, here are two excerpts 
from the list, followed by researched 
rebuttals from a Generation Y’er, to 
regain some vestiges of good sense 
and a conscience.

“19. Thinking that this is the 
right time to fall in love. Your 20s 
are entirely too crucial for your 
personal growth … the last thing 
you need is to be bogged down by 
an insecure lover.”

In the longest-running 
longitudinal study ever beginning 
1938, researchers followed 268 
Harvard University undergraduate 

men for 75 years, measuring 
psychological, anthropological, and 
physical traits to find the secrets 
to a good life. The team gathered 
its findings in 2009 and wrote 
“The seventy-five years and twenty 
million dollars expended on [the 
study] points … to a straightforward 
five-word conclusion: ‘Happiness is 
love. Full stop.’”

With such differing 
perspectives, it may be best 
to compare both institutions’ 
credentials. Harvard was 
established in 1636 and consistently 
makes the top three in world 
university rankings. Elite Daily 
started in 2013 and is currently in 
its beta phase of development.

“6. Spending your money on 
women who aren’t escorts. Instead 
of [showering] your woman with 
cash and prizes for the mediocre 
sex […] deal with a professional as 
soon as possible […] Want a best 
friend? Buy a puppy. Want great 
sex? Call an escort.”

The Prostitution Research 
and Education organization 
conducted a 2009 international 

study, interviewing men who hired 
escorts. Researchers observed it 
was common for these men to 
normalize rape. Many expressed 
feelings of loneliness and 
disappointment with their lives. 
Describing his experience with 
escorts, one individual said, “It’s 
unfulfilling. There’s no reward […] 
You come out feeling even more 
empty and unloved.” 

Hiring escorts should not be 
brandished as the way to living a 
happy life. Encouraging developing 
minds to do so is not only ill 
informed — it is dangerous.

Historians will remember 
college students of the late ’60s 
and early ’70s as the activists who 
rallied on their campuses against 
the Vietnam War with hopes of 
bettering the world. If Millennials 
want to be known for more than 
self-obsessed tendencies, they 
should make something of their 
lives — sans escorts and with all 
the optimism and love in the world.

The Millennial Generation Is Not That Selfish or Narcissistic  
BY  Angel Au-Yeu ng Staff Writer

readers can contact
Angel Au-Yeung   aauyeung@ucsd.edu 



O P I N I O N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

The human eye has a creative appetite.  

Feed it for free with an all-you-can-eat buffet 

of contemporary art at MCASD.  

Museum locations downtown and in La Jolla. 

Visit us online for more info.  

FeedYourGreedyOrgan.comFeedYourGreedyOrgan.comFeedYourGreedyOrgan.com
Admission is 
always free!25 and under?

When YOu’re 
25 Or under, 

YOur eYes 
eAt FOr Free 

At MCAsd. 

25 and under free admission is generously 
supported by Qualcomm Foundation.

13COM025_25Under UCSDGuardian.indd   1 4/1/13   11:32 AM

Preparing
for success and 
the CPA exam.
Pepperdine’s Master of Science in Accounting (MSA) 

is an intensive program that prepares you for a career 

in public accounting, industry, government, and the 

nonprofi t sector. The 30-unit curriculum can be completed 

in as few as nine months and is designed for those who 

seek the academic preparation and credits required for 

CPA licensure in California and most other states.

bschool.pepperdine.edu                

The Master of Science in Accounting

Solve For X By Philip Jia

Students Studying Public Health Will Enter In-Demand Field

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear Editor, 
Founder’s Day at the San Diego 

Zoo is the first day of each October, 
with free admission for everybody 
on that day and for children under 
12 during that one month alone. 
Additionally, military personnel 
from any country receive free 
admission all year long.

Each adult member before 
now received four coupons good 
for admission, but this perk has 
been eliminated — while the price 
for the Diamond Club (adult) 
membership has been raised to 
$156. Another irksome depredation 
is “bracket creep” for children: 
Paying $10 less while adults were 
charged $15 is an altogether 
different deal than paying $10 less 
when adults pay $44 (which is the 
current cost). 

A 2006 comparison with 50 
profit and nonprofit zoos and/
or aquariums in the United States 
showed the San Diego Zoo’s single 
adult admission charge was then 
more than for any other similar 
nonprofit institution in the country. 
In 2006, the Bronx Zoo charged 
adults $14, children between the 
ages of 2 and 12 $10, and seniors 65 
and over $12 — with Wednesdays 
as a free day for everybody.

The San Diego Zoo began 
as a small menagerie of stay-
behind animals after the Panama-
California Exposition of 1915. 
By 1917, the menagerie had been 
moved into a gully of the Cabrillo 
Canyon just west of the five-
acre Indian Village and Painted 
Desert. Doctor Harry Wegeforth 
had a talent for raiding the heart 
and purse strings of San Diegans. 
Wegeforth insisted that children 
should always be admitted free, 

claiming the zoo’s purpose was “to 
entertain and to educate children.” 
To finance the zoo, voters in 1934 
approved a property tax of two 
cents for each $100 of assessed real 
and personal property within the 
city of San Diego for the exclusive 
maintenance of zoological exhibits 
— a tax that in 1998 netted the 
Zoological Society $3,748,735.

In December 1921, Ellen 
Browning Scripps donated $9,000 
for fencing to enclose grounds and 
animals, thus allowing the charging 
of admission fees to everybody 
(except children, who were always 
to be admitted free). 

The San Diego Zoo then grew 
from 32 antiquated animal cages 
on the east side of Park Boulevard 
to 99-plus acres from Zoo Drive to 
the slopes of Cabrillo Canyon on 
the east.

There are no family memberships 
at the San Diego Zoo despite the 
Scripps’ generosity and belief in 
family. Moreover, memberships are 
valid for ZIP codes 91900-92899 
only. While Los Angeles residents are 
good to get a membership, Tijuana 
residents aren’t.

Animals have adapted through 
eons of evolutionary change: 
Co-existence is necessary for 
survival. A hope is that by visiting 
zoos, children will undergo a 
process of maturation which will 
have benefits for us all. 

Doubtless, to be true to life in 
the wild, polar bears should be 
allowed to hunt down and devour 
seals (with the boldest adults and 
children looking on). Yet, carrots 
are so much better for polar bear 
consumption because the bears 
don’t need to fatten themselves up 
in order to hibernate in Southern 
California anyway.

— Richard Thompson
Alumnus ’83

San Diego Zoo’s Growth 
Has Made it Overpriced

science program, it will also attract 
more students to the university.

Generally, a public health track 
differs greatly from that of typical 
lab-oriented science majors such as 
chemistry. Public health addresses 
issues all across the medical board 
from rising healthcare costs to 
disease prevention, rather than focus 
on the micro-level causes behind 
diseases as biology does. All public 
health majors at UCSD will be 
required to take seven brand new 
courses under the department of 
family and preventive medicine.

Unlike Berkeley’s impacted 
program, there are no prerequisites 
or a formal application to declare the 
major — making public health more 

available to the entire UCSD student 
body. UCSD’s program is unique in 
that professors from the School of 
Medicine will teach undergraduate 
courses, allowing students to receive 
a deeper insight into the medical 
field. When designing the program, 
FPM modeled the curriculum 
after a Masters program to create 
a smoother flow for students who 
wished to pursue a Masters degree 
after completing the major. 

Students have much to gain from 
the addition of a public health major. 
Students majoring in public health 
will have the opportunity to jump 
into an in-demand medical field 
without necessarily going to medical 
school. The Association of Schools of 
Public Health predicts that by 2020, 
the U.S. will be short more than 

250,000 public health workers — a 
number that current graduation rates 
cannot compensate for. This is due 
to the diminishing number of people 
entering the field as well as a spike in 
public health workforce retirements 
in the past year. 

The addition of a public health 
major is beneficial to students as 
well as the university. As one of 
the most in-demand fields in the 
America today, this new major gives 
UCSD students a large lead in the 
cutthroat job market. While there is 
controversy in many of the decisions 
made on campus, the implementation 
of a public health major shows that 
UCSD still does many things right.

▶ health, from page 4

readers can contact
Sharon  Lay     shlay@ucsd.edu 



6 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES contact the editorStacey chienfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

Purchasing a cup of coffee on 
any given day is one transaction that 
many college students can’t go with-
out — but this consequently leads 
to an excess of tossed-out paper 
cups. However, six graduate stu-
dents from UCSD’s Rady School of 
Management believe they’ve found 
a way to minimize the collection of 
disposable coffee cups that pile up in 
landfills each year.

With their new sustainabil-
ity campaign, KillTheCup.com, they 
hope to encourage coffee drinkers 
at UCSD to bring their own reusable 
mugs when buying coffee anywhere 
on campus by giving away prizes to 
those who reuse. 

The campaign, funded by a 
$3,000 university grant from UCSD 
Housing, Dining and Hospitality, 
began last month and will continue 
through May 26. 

Those who upload photos of their 
coffee purchases with their mugs to 
the campaign website (each person 
is limited to posting one photo per 
day) are entered into raffles to win 
Triton Cash gift cards, with both daily 
($10) and weekly ($50) prizes award-
ed. Additionally, a grand prizewinner 
will be selected from the entire pool 
of participants to receive an Apple 
iPad at the end of this month. 

“We’ve doubled in growth every 
week in terms of the number of pic-

tures that get uploaded,” KillTheCup.
com CEO Drew Beal said. 

Cash prizes aren’t the only incen-
tives provided through the campaign 
— free coffee is also up for grabs. 

“At least five days a week, we’ll 
tweet where we’ll be [at one of the six 
UCSD HDH markets],” KillTheCup.
com Chief Operations Officer Mike 
Taylor said. “If someone happens to 
bring their mug, then we’ll buy their 
coffee.” 

According to Beal, integrating 
social media with the incentive of 
larger prizes has garnered tangible 
results. He said that based on sales 
records provided by UCSD HDH, 
there’s been an increase in the per-
centage of those who bring their own 
mugs for coffee. 

“[UCSD HDH] told us that for the 
first half of winter quarter, the average 
reuse rate was 12 percent,” Beal said. 
“In the last two weeks of this quarter, 
it was about 17 percent. So more and 
more people are bringing their own 
cups — that’s exciting for us.”

Unlike the data observed on 
campus, Beal noted how coffee 
shops that offer 10-cent discounts 
for those who bring in their own 
mugs, such as Starbucks, haven’t 
seen substantial increases in reuse 
rates. Most on-campus markets, 
including Goody’s Place and Market 
and Roger’s Place and Market, offer 
these discounts as well.

“We’re proving that people 

respond to [what we’re doing],” Beal 
said. “And the coffee stores like it, 
because they’re using less cups.”

But there appears to be more to 
KillTheCup.com than numerical 

value alone.
“[The students] get it right away, 

and they have a lot of fun with it,” 
Taylor said. “The goal of the project 
was for us to have fun, and we’re 

glad to see that that spreads to other 
people when they join us.”

Some of the world’s greatest innovators, entrepreneurs and leaders have spoken at TED, a nonprofit organization that holds a yearly conference about “ideas worth spreading.” Since its 
launch in 1984, TED — Technology, Entertainment and Design — has 
introduced a series of miniature TED events called TEDx. In hopes 
of inspiring others, organizers all over the globe are hosting TEDx in 
their communities, including the upcoming TEDxUCSD event.

TEDxUCSD became a possibility when Revelle College senior Jody 
Mak and Earl Warren College junior Jack Goodwin recruited a team of 
UCSD undergraduates to help organize the event. 

After a year of planning, TEDxUCSD will finally become a reality 
for Mak and Goodwin this Saturday, May 11 at the Irwin M. Jacobs 
Qualcomm Hall. 

The initial idea for TEDxUCSD took hold last spring when Mak 

attended TEDMED, a live broadcast TED event in Sorrento Valley. 
At the event, he had the opportunity to apply in becoming a TEDx 
organizer. Three weeks later, and after some persistence on Mak’s part 
to receive approval before the end of spring quarter, TED granted Mak 
a license to organize TEDxUCSD.

“TED brings global awareness to the amazing things that happen 
at UCSD, given its universal platform,” Mak said. “More importantly, 
TED just announced having one billion views online, and I think 
UCSD should have a presence there.”

Mak noted that TED is unique because anyone can have access 
to the TED events without actually attending one. For every TED 
conference, videos of each speaker featured are available on the TED 

Sparking Ideas With “Innovation and Tradition” 
Directors of TEDxUCSD Jody Mak and Jack Goodwin talk about their 

upcoming event, the road to establishing their platform and assembling a team.

KillTheCup.com: A Social Venture to Reduce Disposable Cup Waste at UCSD
By  Stacey  ch i en  Features editor

By    emily  Polachek  staff writer   

phOTO COURTeSY Of kIllTheCUp.COM

readers can contact
stacey  chien    stchien@ucsd.edu 

See TEDx, page 8

phOTO COURTeSY Of jODY MAk



F e a t U R e S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

Friday May 10thFriday May 10th
Sign up in the Commuter Lounge Office!

$2 for dinner and arclight ticket

For more info, contact us at transfer@ucsd.edu

EVENT STARTS 5:30PM AT COZYMELS

*limited $5 tickets at the restaurant

Cirque du Soleil performers 
aren’t the only ones with a license to 
climb and dangle from suspended 
silks. A spectacle of UCSD students 
scaling up lengths of red fabrics to 
do acrobatic tricks in the air can 
be witnessed regularly in the Main 
Gym’s West Balcony. These students 
are enrolled in varying levels of 
aerial silk acrobatics classes, which 
are offered by UCSD Recreation 
each quarter. 

The classes, instructed by 
Eleanor Roosevelt College sopho-
mores Troy Campbell and Chloe 
Jackson and Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography Ph.D. student 
Elizabeth Sibert, are open to all 
students — with no experience 
required at the beginner level.

Though the classes have become 
one of the most popular classes 
offered by UCSD Recreation (they 
normally fill up the night of regis-
tration), aerial silks was only added 
to the roster of classes last spring. 
But before the classes became a pos-
sibility, a lot of work had to be done.

“Main Gym hired some engi-
neers, and they had to look at the 
architecture of the space to find 
the most stable points to have such 
pressure applied,” Campbell said. 
“They installed these eye bolts into 
the ceiling, and from there, we had 
a professional aerialist with his own 
company that does rigging shock 
test everything and make sure that 
everything was safe before we got 
started. It was a very long process, 
but it’s still going on. We’ve expand-
ed from three or four classes to nine 
or 10. The number of silks we have 
has also increased.”

Campbell, who had the initial 
idea to bring aerial silks to UCSD, 

said that he never thought it would 
happen. While the idea was planted 
in his head after meeting Jackson 
at their freshman orientation and 
stalking her Facebook page (discov-
ering that they had a shared back-
ground in aerial acrobatics), the 
two had always laughed off the con-
versations that followed between 
them about starting an aerial silks 
program at UCSD. 

But one day, while passing by the 
Main Gym, Campbell decided to 
take the initiative and pitch his idea.

“I showed [the UCSD Recreation 
staff] a video of my high school [aer-
ial performance team] on YouTube, 
and on the spot, they said they 
wanted to hire me and they wanted 
me to teach classes,” Campbell said. 
“It was really, really exciting.” 

Since then, Campbell’s enthusi-
asm as an aerial silks instructor has 
catapulted.

“At first, I thought I’d like it,” 
Campbell said. “I didn’t think I’d 
become obsessed with it. I feel like 
this program is so much a part of 
me, because now, I’m in class — and 
I shouldn’t be doing this, but I’m 
getting lesson plans down and I’m 
thinking about how we can expand 
— what new things we can bring 
to [the students] and how we can 
enrich their experience.”

Regardless of plans for enhance-
ment, Campbell emphasized that 
safety, above all, remains his top 
concern. But he said that teaching 
safety first is sometimes a challenge 
within such a thrilling environment.

“I think sometimes people are so 
excited by what they’re doing, and 
I can totally relate,” Campbell said. 
“From the very first class, you’re 
upside down and you’re up in the air 
and you have so much adrenaline 

Hanging on Silk Fabrics
UCSD undergraduate brings aerial silks to campus.

By    Stacey ch i en  features editor

See silks, page 8
phOTO bY AlwIN SzeTO/Guardian



8 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F e a t U R e S

Cuatro Corridos

Get behind the scenes
Panel discussion with the composers @11AM 
Public forum with experts on human traﬃcking @2PM
May 9, 2013  FREE
CONRAD PREBYS THEATre

UC San Diego
Division of Arts and Humanities

Department of Music

Jorge Volpi/ Librettist 
Lei Liang, Arlene Sierra, Hilda Paredes, Hebert Vázquez/ Composers 
Susan Narucki, Aleck Karis, Steven Schick, Pablo Gomez/ Performers 
Cameron Bailey, Sam Doshier / Graphics Animators
Kristin Hayes / Lighting Designer
Karen Guancione / Production Concept 
Halei Parker / Halei Parker / Costume Designer

General: $15.50
UCSD Faculty, Staﬀ, FOM, Alumni: $10.50

Student Rush: Free, one-hour prior with ID
Box Oﬃce: 858-534-3448

WWW.CUATROCORRIDOS.COM

Conrad Prebys Music Center - Experimental Theatre
May 8, 10, 11, 2013 @7PM
Addressing one of the most critical human rights issues of our time

May 8, 10, 11, 2013 @7PM

The Bar Has  
Been Raised in  
the Field of Accounting. 
Are you ready?

Prepare yourself with a Master of Professional Accountancy (MPAc) degree 
from The Paul Merage School of Business at UC Irvine. Our rigorous, 
full-time, one-year program – one of only two UC-based MPAc programs 
in southern California – provides an intensive, focused level of training 
designed to prepare you for an executive career in accounting.

n Paid winter internship opportunity 
n Proseminar/professional career development course
n Career management and advising
n Classes and networking with MBA students
n Pre-requisite courses available

Register today to attend an information session:  
merage.uci.edu/go/campusMPAc

ApplicAtion DeADline:  May 15, 2013

949.824.1609
mpac@merage.uci.edu

13121MPAcad_bw_4_6875x8.indd   1 4/4/13   11:40 AM

website, so poor college students 
can afford to be inspired by TED 
talks as well. However, Mak insisted 
that attending a TED conference or 
even a TEDx event is an experience 
worth paying for. 

By the beginning of summer 
2012, Mak had assembled a team 
of 10 undergraduates devoted to 
bringing the TED experience to 
UCSD. He was then contacted by 
Goodwin, his soon-to-be planning 
partner, over the summer while he 
was studying abroad in England. 

In early August, Goodwin 
attended the National Collegiate 
Innovators and Inventors Alliance 
training conference in Connecticut, 
where he was introduced to TED. 
For the same reasons that motivated 
Mak to request a TEDx organizer’s 
license, Goodwin was compelled to 
organize a TEDx event for UCSD 
as well.

“After attending the weeklong 
training conference that inspires 
innovation and entrepreneurial-ship, 
I started to research TED and how 
to organize a TEDx event,” Goodwin 
said. “I found Jody’s name on one of 
the websites, and, seeing that he was 
from UCSD, I Facebook stalked him 
and eventually sent him a message 
about doing TEDxUCSD together.”

With Goodwin on board 
as Mak’s co-director, together 
they decided the theme for 
TEDxUCSD,   “Innovation and 
Tradition.” They both agreed that 
the theme fits well with UCSD’s 
values and the research being done 
on campus.

“All TED themes are supposed 
to be kind of ambiguous and open 
to interpretation,” Goodwin said. 
“So innovation and tradition fits, 
because it is the spectrum in between. 
For example, in this changing world, 
some problems need to be solved 

through innovation and others 
through tradition.”

Mak added that the ambiguity of 
the theme allows them to incorporate 
a broad range of speakers. All 18 
speakers were selected through a 
nomination process and represent 
a mix of UCSD Ph.D. students, 
alumni and faculty from all 
disciplines. The lineup also extends 
to Californian and national leaders 
like Guy Kawasaki, who was the 
chief evangelist of Apple Inc.

Out of the 70 UCSD student 
applicants, three Ph.D. students were 
chosen to speak at TEDxUCSD, 
representing the cognitive science, 
biology and electrical engineering 
departments. 

Although Mak had wanted at least 
one undergraduate to speak at the 
event, he highlighted the importance 
of what each Ph.D. student had to offer 
in describing his or her line of work 
and its global impact. 

According to Mak and Goodwin, 
over 500 people will attend 
TEDxUCSD. Tickets have already 
been sold out to both students and 
the local public. 

“For how big we wanted to go, the 
hardest thing was to raise enough 
money,” Goodwin said. “And we 
have barely been able to meet our 
goal of $32,000, mostly because we 
are using Qualcomm as our venue, 
which has cost us $10,000.”

Unlike TED, TEDx is an 
“independently organized event” 
(that’s what the x stands for), 
meaning the organizer receives no 
funding from TED. Therefore, the 
choice of a venue depends largely on 
the entire event’s budget. 

Mak and Goodwin explained 
that Qualcomm had actually 
allowed them to use the space free 
of charge, but the catch was that 
Mak and Goodwin would have had 
to hire 11 Qualcomm employees to 
run their own equipment. 

As the event date approaches, 
the main concern is to continue 
raising money. Some of the 
sponsors of TEDxUCSD include 
the UCSD Alumni Association, the 
UCSD Office of the Chancellor, 
UCSD Office of Research Affairs 
and other UCSD associations. 
Mak also pointedly stated that the 
event received no funding from 
A.S. Council throughout the year 
because TEDxUCSD would be held 
off campus.

“We didn’t pick Qualcomm 
on accident,” Mak said. “It was 
because Irwin Jacobs was one of the 
founding faculty members of the 
Jacobs School of Engineering that 
we wanted to have that connection 
to UCSD.”

Mak added that he is happier 
that the event will be held off 
campus, joking that it’s more novel 
for students to go off campus and 
not have to experience TEDxUCSD 
in Price Center. 

The next step for the TEDxUCSD 
team is to make its platform as 
sustainable as possible by recruiting 
new organizers, especially since Mak 
will be graduating in June. 

Both Mak and Goodwin hope 
to speak at a TED event one 
day, whether it’s at the big TED 
conferences held in Long Beach, 
Calif. and Edinburgh, Scotland, or 
the smaller TEDx events.

“It’d be really cool if we spoke 
at TEDxUCSD five years down the 
road,” Mak said. “But, it’s ultimately 
not about the speakers, it’s about 
the audience and the conversations 
that happen after the event. It’s the 
cross-cultural, cross-generational 
and cross-disciplinary collaboration 
that make TED events unique.”

Videos of the speakers at 
TEDxUCSD will be made available 
on the TEDx YouTube channel.

▶ TEDx, from page 6

Three Ph.D. Students Chosen to Speak at Tedx Event This Week

that sometimes, people don’t always 
listen. They’re taking pictures, and 
they’re having a great time, but they 
don’t always hear every important 
thing. So I guess to overcome that, 
I just make sure that I am very, very 
clear.”

While some students have only 
dabbled in aerial silks for a quarter, 
others have stuck around through 
thick and thin.

“We have a lot of students who 
took [the class] the very first quarter 
we offered it and are still with us 
today,” Campbell said. “Especially 
in those classes, it’s like this really 
special family. They’ve all struggled 
through these horrible, horrible 
moves and whatever conditioning 
and all these things that we’ve done 
together. It’s very hard to put into 

words — it feels like a community.”
But no matter what their experi-

ence level, Campbell believes that 
anyone can learn.

“I think everyone in all of the 
classes has learned that it looks so 
challenging, but it’s something that 
you can do,” Campbell said. “It’s 
very important to me to make peo-
ple feel capable — to make them just 
really get to be excited and do some-
thing really crazy. Aerial silks is for 
any body type, any fitness level. I’ve 
seen women who’ve had babies two 
weeks prior climb to the top of the 
silks their first time. It’s really some-
thing that anyone can do.”

More aerial silk classes will 
be offered over the summer. 
Registration begins on May 28.

Campbell Believes That Everyone Can 
Learn How to Do Tricks on Aerial Silks
▶ silks, from page 7

readers can contact
stacey  chien     stchien@ucsd.edu 

phOTO bY AlwIN SzeTO/Guardian
readers can contact

emily  polachek     epolache@ucsd.edu 



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

MINUS THE BEAR 
PRICE CENTER WEST BALLROOM • UCSD STUDENTS $17

WED5.08 • 8PM
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
5 . 0 6  -  5 . 1 2

2 0 1 3

MON5.06
4pm
BUSINESS LEADER, AUTHOR ROBERT E. PRICE 
SHARES LEGACY OF PRICE CLUB FOUNDER SOL 
PRICE
International businessman, philanthropist and author 
Robert Price will share personal reflections about the 
business success, personal and life lessons learned 
from his father, Sol Price, a trailblazer who changed the 
consumer shopping habits with the founding of Price 
Co., which operated the highly successful Price Clubs 
that later merged to become Costco. Free. J.R. Beyster 
Auditorium, Rady School of Management, UC San Diego 
campus. Contact: (858) 822-0370, radyrsvp@ucsd.edu.

6:30pm
METANOIA PRESENTS: COOKIE COLLABORATION 
- PRICE CENTER WEST, MARSHALL ROOM
Come decorate cookies while learning about various 
religious and cultural groups on campus! Enjoy FREE 
sugar cookies with all the fixin's, and get a taste of the 
spiritual beliefs of your fellow students.

8pm
BURNT, GIRAFFE AFTERMATH & OTTLY MERCER 
- PORTER’S PUB, STUDENT CENTER
BURNT is pure California underground - elements of 
rebellious reggae, old skool ska, dirty punk and true hip 
hop are mashed together to make for constant good 
times on the dance floor. Vancouver's Giraffe Aftermath 
use hip-hop rhythms and a psychedelic approach to 
create a unique blend of lively, danceable music, 
throwing down a foundation of groove and airtight vocal 
harmonies. Ottly Mercer is a ska/rocksteady/reggae 
band founded in Imperial Beach by drummer Jason 
Yandall and singer/guitarist Tyler French.

TUE5.07
10am
UCSD CARES WEEK 2013: CARING 
COMMUNITY FAIR - LIBRARY WALK
As part of UCSD Cares Week, San Diego 
community organizations have been invited to 
table and showcase available opportunities for 
YOU to take advantage of! Show the greater San 
Diego community that UCSD cares by checking out 
the organizations. They have both one-time and 
on-going volunteer opportunities as well as 
internships.

1pm
MISSION POSSIBLE: MOTIVATING YOUR 
MEMBERSHIP - BEAR ROOM, PRICE CENTER 
WEST
Often in group settings, leaders experience 
extreme amounts of stress and frustration as a 
result of an unmotivated membership. Learn about 
the path-goal theory of leadership that encourages 
leaders to adapt to both followers' needs and 
group goals. It hinges on the idea that leadership 
can be learned and passed on. It provides leaders 
with a lens to view any scenario they may 
encounter and various behaviors with which to 
motivate and achieve, resulting in accomplished 
missions and happier memberships.

SAT5.11
8am
TRITON GAMES - LIBRARY WALK
May the Odds be Ever in Your Favor! This one-day 
competition will test your strength, agility, 
coordination, stamina, endurance, strategic instinct, 
and your ability to laugh and have fun while doing it! 
Events will include: 200m Dash, Tire Flip, Farmer's 
Walk, Burpees, The Cannon (hand/eye coordination), 
The Arena (fun obstacle course), and The Last Stand 
(SURPRISE, all participant strategic game). Event is 
$5. Participants can pay at the RIMAC Sales Desk.

9am
UCSD RECREATION COUPLE MASSAGE 
WORKSHOP - RIMAC
Bring your roommate, partner or mom for a treat! You 
will learn safe and easy massage techniques. Walk 
away with a course syllabus and tools to manage 
your stress. Relax, kick back and enjoy life and each 
other. Must register with a partner. $25 for students 
(per person).

9pm
NON-SEXIST DANCE: SPRING FLING - PRICE 
CENTER PLAZA
LGBTQIA presents Spring Fling as this quarter's 
Non-Sexist Dance and you're invited! Non-Sexist 
Dances are a time-honored campus tradition going 
strong for over 20 years. LGBTQIA is committed to 
providing a friendly, open, hate-free atmosphere 
where everyone, Queers and Allies, can come 
together in a safe space. If you have issues with 
queers, have misogynistic tendencies, etc. leave 
them at the door. Bust a move on the dance floor, 
meet new people, and enjoy a fabulous night with 
friends! Bring whomever you want, regardless of 
gender. This is a NON-SEXIST DANCE! * FREE for 
UCSD Students + 1 Guest * Music by DVC * 
Gender-neutral bathrooms * 18+ only * UCSD or 
other valid government-issued ID is mandatory. Visit 
the facebook page for more info.

THU5.09

FRI5.10
12pm
"ISRAEL AND THE PALESTINIANS IN THE 
SECOND OBAMA TERM" - ERC ADMIN 
BUILDING, ROOM 115
Dr. Ibish will look at challenges facing Israel, the 
Palestinians and especially the United States that 
are beginning to unfold in the second Obama 
administration. Can the United States and the 
parties overcome the diplomatic impasse? What is 
Israel's vision of the short and long-term future? 
How can the PA proceed without Salam Fayyad as 
Prime Minister or institution-building as its primary 
focus of government? And how does the United 
States deal with the oxymoron of a "vital national 
interest" that is nonetheless subject to vetoes by 
the parties themselves, particularly if progress 
continues to be thwarted?

1pm
BEHAVIORALLY MODERN HUMANS: THE 
ORIGIN OF US - LIEBOW AUD, BIOMED 
SCIENCES BLDG
Have you ever wondered what makes modern 
humans so behaviorally unique? Or, why we 
survived while other archaic human-like species 
died out? FREE and open to the public, 'Behaviorally 
Modern Humans: The Origins of Us,' will examine 
these questions and more. Admission is free but 
registration is required, details at: 
http://tinyurl.com/behaviorally-modern-humans 
Presented by the UCSD/Salk Center for Academic 
Research and Training In Anthropogeny. Contact: 
progrep1carta@ucsd.edu

5/10-5/12
JOSHUA TREE NATIONAL PARK ADVENTURE 
-JOSHUA TREE NATIONAL PARK
Spend three days at this premier climbing and 
adventure destination! We will go on day hikes, 
learn about the history, flora and fauna in the park, 
camp under the stars and go rock climbing. We will 
cover everything you need to enjoy yourself; no 
climbing experience necessary. All climbing gear, 
guides, transportation, and meals are included in 
the trip price. Bring a friend and experience life 
from a different perspective: on top of the rocks! 
Pretrip meeting: 6pm, 5/8 at the Outback Rental 
Shop. Signup online, at the Rental Shop (behind 
Pepper Canyon), the Surf Shop (in PC), or by phone 
(858-534-0684).Pricing: Students/RecCard Holders 
$180. Others $280.

WED5.08
5pm
SMALL TALK AND THE ART OF INITIATING 
RELATIONSHIPS - PRESENTED BY 
CSI-COMMUNICATION AND LEADERSHIP
Small talk can make or break a potential connection. 
It is often the first form of communication we have 
with new contacts and it is our 'way in' to new 
interpersonal and professional relationships. Learn 
effective strategies for engaging in small talk that 
will lead to more meaningful interactions, and put 
your skills into practice!

6pm
TALENT CAMPUS: NETWORKING EVENT FOR 
MEDIA-MAKERS - THE LOFT / FREE WITH 
UCSD STUDENT ID
Talent Campus is a creative academy and networking 
platform for UCSD’s Up&Coming media-makers. 
Emerging talent and seasoned film professionals with 
experience ranging from commercial work to 
research under National Geographic will come 
together for an opportunity to discover new horizons, 
find fellow filmmaking collaborators, and discuss 
new trends and developments in contemporary 
cinema and media.

8pm
MINUS THE BEAR CONCERT- PRICE CENTER 
BALLROOM WEST
Formed in Seattle Washington in 2001, Minus the 
Bear has orbited the music world, fine tuning their 
unique brand on indie rock and discovering how 
technology can help enhance the bands unique pop 
vision - all of which culminated with the full-length 
Planet of Ice, an album showing the band not so 
much transforming their sound as transcending it. 
Get your tickets not at the UCSD Box Office or online 
at https://ucsdboxoffice.com/

3:30pm
"LOVE AND DISSOLUTION: TOWARD A 
GENDERED ETHIC OF PSYCHIATRIC CARE IN 
INDIA" – ELEANOR ROOSEVELT COLLEGE 
ADMIN. BUILDING (ERC) ROOM 115
Critiques of psychiatry in India and, especially, of its 
care of women, tend to focus on notions of stigma, 
seeing the family as agent of either abandonment or 
embracing care, views that coincide with differing 
visions of India’s place on a global stage. This talk will 
consider the limits of this framework, asking how 
dissolutions inherent to kinship, and the ways women 
bear the burdens of those vulnerabilities, figure in 
decisions small and large surrounding the care of 
women with mental illnesses. Based on ethnographic 
research conducted in several north Indian cities, it 
traces the movements of several women through 
different sites and settings of care – homes, wards, 
clinics, and shrines - and asks what everyday 
complexities of kinship, marriage, divorce, and 
parenthood tell us about the stakes of mental illness 
for women and the place of clinical practice in intimate 
life. What are the implications of these forms of love 
and dissolution for ethics and epistemologies – for 
knowing and caring for others? Register at: 
http://iicas.ucsd.edu/speaker-series/registration.html

5pm
THE CHINA-NORTH KOREA RELATIONSHIP 
PERSPECTIVE LECUTRE - FREE. 
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS AND PACIFIC 
STUDIES (IR/PS) ROOM 3201, UC SAN DIEGO 
CAMPUS.
This lecture will explore China's response to North 
Korea’s drive to expand its nuclear and long-range 
missile capabilities, examining how the China-North 
Korea relationship is shaped by China’s internal 
dynamics and the broader context of its relations with 
the United States. Panelists include Shen Dingli, Fudan 
University; Stephen Haggard, UC San Diego; and 
Robert Ross, Boston College. Free. International 
Relations and Pacific Studies (IR/PS) Room 3201, UC 
San Diego campus. Contact: (858) 534-8039, 
mlfredricks@ucsd.edu.



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 Indiana city of song
5 TV channels 2-13
8 Draw unwelcome graffiti on
14 Concept
15 Rowboat need
16 Ran to Vegas to get married, perhaps
17 “Come this way!”
19 “Dirty” hair color
20 Breadcrumbs, in a children’s story
21 Army NCO
23 College official
24 Blush-inducing H.S. class
25 Annual black-tie broadcast, familiarly
27 Needle hole
29 Palm smartphone
30 Turn over a new __
34 Bungle the job
36 Tall hat wearer at Buckingham Palace
40 Beatles film with Blue Meanies
44 Like Keebler magic
45 Prefix with political
46 Airport transport
47 Writing tools
50 Doc’s org.
52 Hot spot for pizza
56 Inclined to opine
61 Like rain forests
62 “I Got You Babe,” e.g.
63 Asinine
64 Half a Beatles nonsense title
66 MERGE or SIGNAL AHEAD, e.g.
68 Church official
69 __ Jima
70 Lead-in for while
71 Living room piece
72 8 x 10 or 11 x 14: Abbr.
73 One of five who heeded the directions 

in the first words of 17-, 25-, 40-, 52- 
and 66-Across

DOWN
1 Bridal shower pile
2 Really like
3 Take a long bath, say
4 Connecticut Ivy Leaguer
5 Promise
6 Pets on wheels
7 Not stale
8 Credit card user
9 Right-angle shape
10 Mall eatery site
11 Sleep clinic concern
12 Storage closet wood
13 Perfect places
18 Renaissance Faire sign word
22 TV’s “__ Smart”
26 “Sonic the Hedgehog” developer
28 Hedge bush
30 Soap ingredient
31 Electric swimmer
32 E.T. of ‘80s TV
33 Sales meeting visual aid
35 Snug bug’s spot
37 Bubble wrap filler
38 Genetic letters
39 Like JFK and FDR
41 Fun run length, for short
42 Boston nickname
43 Boo-boo kisser
48 “Not happening!”
49 “Law & Order: __”
51 Enthusiastic
52 Voting alliances
53 Russian coin
54 Archipelago unit
55 Goosebump-inducing
57 First stage
58 Largest city in Africa
59 Common teenage emotion
60 Slow, to Solti
65 Conk out, as an engine
67 Gmail alternative

HOUSING
3-4 Student Housing - Available 
September - 3 bedrooms 1.5 bath condo 
off Eastgate Mall Road, perfect for 3-4 stu-
dents. Washer/dryer, pool/spa. Near bus 
line. Contact ninaho24@hotmail.com.

3 bdrm - $2450/month. Available July or 
September - $2450/month - spacious 3 
bedrooms 2.5 bath condo with attached 
2-car garage near UCSD, Trader Joe’s and 
Gilman Drive. Washer/dryer, pool/spa. 
Email ninaho24@hotmail.com for more 
info.

CARS
Toyota Corolla 2009 white - $11275.00 
- Unfortunately we must selll our beau-
tiful 2009 Toyota corolla. The car is in 
mint condition and was driven by our 19 
year old daughter. Please no dealership 
calls or marketing calls. John - 619-881-
7588. vin 1NXBU40EX9Z100754 Listing 
ID:  54692012 at ucsdguardian.org/classi-
fieds for more information

2009 VOLKSWAGEN CC VR6 4MOTION - 
$16995.00 - 2009 VOLKSWAGEN CC VR6 
4MOTION, silver, all power equipment is 
functioning properly. vehicle is defect 
free. there is not a door ding present 
on this vehicle. this vehicle is in good 
running condition. a non-smoker owned 
vehicle. the interior is in excellent con-
dition. this vehicle has a clean shifting 
transmission. there is approximately 75. 
Listing ID: 54686110 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

2004 AUDI A4 3.0 - $12995.00 - 2004 AUDI 
A4 3.0, gray, one owner!!!!!there are no 
dings on this vehicle. there are no prob-
lems with the engine. has an extra clean 
exterior. it is obvious that this vehicle has 
been garaged. a non-smoker owned vehi-
cle. the interior is in extra clean condition. 
the mileage represented on this vehicle is 
accurate. this vehicle has a smooth. Listing 
ID:  54683968 at ucsdguardian.org/classi-
fieds for more information

ELECTRONICS
Super deal! 20in Sharp tv - $50.00 
- Television, Sharp - Flat panel 20 inch 
screen $50.00 Firm in excellent condition 
! :) Listing ID:  54692351 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Karaoke Machine - The Singing Machine 
Karaoke System. Auctions Held Every 
Tuesday/. $200 cash deposit (refund-
able). (619)265-0441 for info. AAA PUBLIC 

STUDENT leaders

CHAIR,vice chair,
or student-at-large

MEMBER OF UCAB

wanted!

APPLY ONLINE AT

UCAB.UCSD.EDU
Application Deadline: Friday, May 10 @ Midnight

The University Centers Advisory Board (UCAB) is a student-chaired, student-majority board whose purpose is to assure 
the University Centers (Price Center & Student Center) will achieve its mission to support the UC San Diego community 
with quality facilities, services, and programs that foster and enrich the campus experience and student learning.

 •	 Select	incoming	restaurants	and	retail	vendors
	 •	 Allocate	student	organization	offices
	 •	 Approve	the	University	Centers	budget
	 •	 Provide	feedback	and	direction	on	facilities,	services	and	programs
	 •	 Determine	strategic	directions

Experienced student leaders should apply for the Chair or Vice Chair position. If you are less involved, consider applying 
for a Student At-Large position as a starting point. Gain real-life experience. Influence campus life. Be a leader.

APPLY
to be the

GOOD DRIVERS
NEEDED

ROOM FOR RENT IN
LA JOLLA HOME - $950

Get the perfect part-time job. Earn
$12.85/hour. Work on campus. Flexible

hours. Paid training. Hiring now for
summer training. UCSD students only.
Details at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

Room for rent- $950.00 - Large 
furnished room with bath, and separate 

entrance, in La Jolla home with a 
view. Walk to Shores beach. Kitchen 
use. On bus route. Utilities included. 

Parking on driveway. 
Call Janet at 858-456-0865 or 

email janhey6@aol.com.

Listing ID: 54006054 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 

for more information.

AWARD-WINNING DJ SERVICE

A Service of Bird Rock Computer Pros.

Ph 858-405-8210
mainserge@hotmai l .com

SOUND  GA L L E RY

DJ O. Sergio

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

AUCTION. 5730 El Cajon Blvd San Diego 
CA 92115 Licensed and bonded since 
1983 #CA61343534. Listing ID:  50072057 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Kevek 12” Woofer - $45.00 - Audio, kevek 
$45.00 OBO, hafezone@aol.com. Listing 
ID:  54690731 at ucsdguardian.org/classi-
fieds for more information

PETS
AKC Male English Bulldog - $1500.00 - 
Adorable AKC English Bulldog Pup looking 
for a new home. All shots and deworming’s 
are up to date. His colors are white and 
fawn. 1-Year Health Guarantee. If interest-
ed, please call: 619.269.6731. NO TEXTING. 
Listing ID: 54482971 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Chihuahua mix - $100.00 - female 
Chihuahua mix available for adoption. 
$100. 619-878.7887. Listing ID:  54276449 

at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

MUSIC SERVICES
“Sound Gallery” Award-Winning DJ 
Service. Creative, experienced, profes-
sional DJ, and a music collection second-
to-none.  Playing “Free Style” all genres 
and eras! We do: indoor/outdoor events & 
clubs. Playing: Top 40 - Old School - New 
School - Latin - Jazz - Zydeco - Country - 
Slow Dancing - Pole Dancing - Flamenco 
- Waltzes - Tangos - Easy listening - Etc. 
Call DJ O. Sergio at 858.405.8210. Email: 
mainserge@ hotmail.com. Web: facebook.
com/dj.osergio



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

he came out. I respect anyone who 
chooses to not come out as well. 
It’s really that individual person’s 
choice. But the fact that he did — I 
support him 100 percent.” 

So although Jason Collins is 
making a sensitive issue less sore to 

the touch, the future of other gay-
related issues remains unclear.

The younger generation of boys 
and girls who thought sexuality 
would be a problem in achieving 
their dreams can now do anything.

 
 

Coming Out: Collins Breaks Barriers
▶ Walinski, from page 12

readers can contact
matt smith     m7smith@ucsd.edu 

shot put, while senior A.B. Shaheen 
finished in second in the hammer.

Sophomore Keith Rose — 
another legacy with an All-American 
for an older sibling, alumnus Jackie 
Rose — broke his own personal 
record, winning with a time of 
10.62 in the 100-meter sprint. In 
the 200-meter sprint, Rose broke 
another school record, finishing 
in third with a time of 21.64. On 
the track, Levy took first in the 
1000-meter sprint with a career-best 
time of 30:58.93, beating second 
place by just under two seconds.

“Winning the [100-meter sprint] 
was an amazing feeling,” Rose said. 
“After learning that I am the first 
to do so at UCSD, [it] made me 
feel as though I’m helping to bring 
new talent and earn respect for our 
athletes, and I’m proud to be a part 
of that.”

On the women’s side, freshman 
Kristin Sato earned All-CCAA 
Freshman of the Year for her 
showing in the triple jump. Right 
behind her was sophomore Chantia 
Justice, who earned second place in 
the triple jump. Sato was the only 
Triton woman to win her event, but 
UCSD picked up points where it 

could. On the track, junior Lorato 
Anderson earned second place in 
the 800-meter sprint (2:16.92), while 
sophomore Sabrina Pimentel — last 
season’s All-CCAA Freshman of 
the Year — finished in second in 
the 400-meter sprint (56.11). In the 
heptathlon, sophomore Veronica 
Bradley took second place.

The Tritons have one last meet 
and one last shot to qualify before 
those who make the cut will travel 
to the NCAA Division II National 
Championships. UCSD ends its 
regular season at the aptly named Last 
Chance Qualifier at Azusa Pacific 
University on Saturday, April 11.

On the men’s side, the Tritons 
have eight provisional qualifying 
marks, with Nagengast qualifying for 
both the hammer and the shot put. 
For the women, UCSD currently has 
10 qualifying marks, with Pimentel 
qualifying in both the 400-meter and 
the 800-meter sprints. 

“I guess that to have the team 
finish in second bodes well for the 
future, and we’re excited to see what 
we can do next year with another 
year of a maturity, and a good class 
of incoming athletes,” Ahner said.

 

Track Team Heads to Azusa Champion-
ships with 18 Provisional Qualifiers

▶ traCk & FiElD, from page 12

readers can contact
matt smith     m7smith@ucsd.edu 

Join the 
guardian

Become  a  sports 
writer  today

Like  writing?
Like  sports?



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  6 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

A Gay 
Tremor in 
the Sports 
World

You have probably all heard of the black pro athlete who came out as gay. Jason 
Collins. And he’s in the NBA. Why 
is this big news? He is the first 
male pro athlete to come out while 
still playing ball. Still, why is this 
surprising? In a male-dominated 
sports world where everyone is 
assumed to be straight, he is defying 
the heterosexual norm. 

Many people retain the 
stereotype of the manly straight 
guy playing sports. But the gay guy? 
No way. He’s too feminine and too 
delicate to play professional sports. 
Collins is a twin to Jarron Collins, 
who is married (to a woman) and 
has three kids. Although initially 
shocked, his twin brother was 
completely supportive.

This raises other issues. 
Although the gay marriage debate 
continues, we cannot deny the 
existence and prominence of gay 
people in American society. There 
really is no “normal” in the 21st 
century as unconventionality 
becomes the norm. What Collins 
did seems colossal now, but it won’t 
be a big deal in the future. He has 
paved a road for other pro athletes 
to follow suit, because it is currently 
somewhat taboo to do so. People 
will not be afraid to be themselves 
anymore, and the mentality that 
they will be seen as “less manly” 
will be broken down. 

Professor Jessica Graham of the 
UCSD history department said she 
feels that while Collins’ actions are 
to be commended, the reaction by 
the county, however good, is an 
embarrassment.

“How is it that more than a 
decade into the 21st century, we are 
still concerned about the sexuality 
of a professional basketball player, 
or anyone else, for that matter?” she 
said. “How is it that this milestone 
is only occurring now, in 2013? 
It seems we are still deciding 
whether or not we really believe 
in that human equality thing, and 
gay rights is just one part of the 
unresolved issue.

I do, of course, appreciate 
the historical significance of this 
moment. This is progress. Such 
advances mean that in the not-so-
distant future, an openly gay athlete 
will be drafted into the NBA with 
zero hullabaloo just as no one so 
much as bats an eye when a black 
player is drafted by a Major League 
Baseball team. I look forward to 
that day.

NFL, you’re next.
The other side of the token is 

this: Why do we need to know 
about Jason Collins’ personal 
business? Isn’t that something that 
he can keep behind closed doors? 
Indeed, this should not affect his 
basketball-playing career, so why 
mention it? It’s not like every other 
straight athlete is bragging about 
his or her heterosexuality. But 
that’s it exactly: Collins is making 
a statement. He is assumed straight 
until suspicions arouse or comes 
out as gay. In this professional 
world of sports, he is “straight,” and 
being gay transforms this space. 
However, it’s not as big a deal as it 
would have been 50 years ago.

 A third-year sociology major at 
UCSD opines that, “It’s good that 

See Walinski, page 11

chris walinski
cwalinski@ucsd.edu

Guest Columnist  

TRACk  &  FiELD

Raising the Bar

keith   rose  400 meter 1st place ryan   eckert shotput 2nd place sabrina pimentel 400 meter 2nd place

nash   howe  javelin 1st place veronica   bradley  heptathalon 2nd place

Women’s Track finishes 2nd, Men 3rd at CCAA Championships

BY  RACH EL U DA  sports editor

Competing at the California Collegiate Athletics Association Track and Field Championships, the UCSD women finished second, while the men 
finished in third.Four Tritons won their respective events. 
Sophomore Nash Howe took first in the javelin, sophomore 
Keith Rose won first in the 100-meters, junior Kellen Levy 
took the 1000-meters and freshman Kristin Sato won the 
triple jump.“I feel like [the team] competed very well,” 
UCSD head coach Darcy Ahner said. “They put it together 
as well as they could have. And it’s always disappointing to 
not win, but I’m very happy with a lot of performances.”

        Howe’s first-place finish in the javelin marked the fifth 
consecutive occasion on which a member of the Howe 
family has won the CCAA Championship. For the past 
four seasons, older brother Nick Howe — a three-time 
All-American and now a UCSD assistant coach — has 
claimed the title. This season, Nash Howe won the title with 
a personal best of 221’4”, significantly farther than second-
place redshirt senior Kiley Libuit (189’1”).

The Tritons continued their dominance in the throws, 
as senior Ryan Eckert and junior Zach Nagengast scored 
big points for UCSD, going two-three respectively in the 

See traCk & FiElD, page 11

PHOTO BY Brian Yip/GUARDiAn FiLE PHOTO BY nolan thomas/GUARDiAn FiLEPHOTO BY nolan thomas/GUARDiAn FiLE

PHOTO BY Brian Yip/GUARDiAn FiLEPHOTO BY nolan thomas/GUARDiAn FiLE


	050613News
	050613OPINION
	050613FEATURES
	050613_CALENDAR_Pg9
	050613_Classifieds_PG10
	050613SPORTS

