
RUNNING  OUT  OF  MONEY? CREW  TO  NATIONALSWALKING  WITHOUT  FRIENDS
Here's your  fix varsity 8  qualify  for  ncaashow  graduation  can  improve
lifestyle , Page   8 section,  Page  12opinion,  Page   4

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 56 THURSDAY, MAY 23, 2013 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

The Metropolitan Transit 
System’s trolley services will reach 
UCSD by 2018 according to a report 
released last week by the San Diego 
Associations of Governments.

SANDAG released a draft envi-
ronmental report on the Mid-Coast 
Corridor Transit Project on Friday, 
May 17, which introduced the first 
extension of the San Diego Trolley 

system since the completion of 
the Green Line to San Diego State 
University in 2005. 

Major incentives for the proj-
ect include catering to the growing 
population density in the Mid-Coast 
Corridor and taking advantage of the 
growth of the University City area 
as a major employment and high-
density residential area.

The project by SANDAG will 
extend the San Diego trolley into 
UCSD with construction beginning 
in 2015 and services starting in 2018. 

In total, eight new stations will be 
created, including stops on Tecolote 
Road, Clairemont Drive, Balboa 
Avenue, Nobel Drive, Pepper Canyon, 
Voigt Drive, Executive Drive and 
the Westfield UTC Transit Center. 
The new trolley route will also con-
nect to lines in Mission Valley, East 
County and South County and will 
connect the international border with 
University City.

According to SANDAG, chair 
of the Mid-Coast Corridor Transit 
Project Working Group Ron Roberts 

said that the trolley would connect 
UCSD to several key locations in San 
Diego.

“The Mid-Coast Trolley extension 
will be a significant step forward for 
transit access in San Diego,” Roberts 
said. “Extending the Trolley service 
from Old Town, up along Interstate-5 
to the UTC area, will connect doz-
ens of communities, jobs centers and 
regional assets like the VA hospital 
and UC San Diego.”

CAMPUS

TRANSPORTATION

UC  SYSTEM

Espresso 
Roma Cafe 
May Be
Replaced

MTS Trolley Will Begin Service to UCSD by 2018

The University Centers Advisory 
Board is actively considering 
replacements for Price Center’s 
Espresso Roma Cafe, following 
difficulties with economic viabil-
ity.  Possible replacements include 
Starbucks Corporation, although no 
official negotiations have begun.

“I cannot stress enough that 
as of right now we aren’t bringing 
Starbucks on,” former UCAB chair 
Albert Trujillo said, who completed 
his time as chair earlier this week.

UCAB is not the only board con-
sidering changes to campus coffee 
locations — Geisel Library’s Dolores 
Davies notes that a proposed library 
coffee vendor is “more than a 
rumor,” though specifics are still 
unavailable.

While Starbucks has expressed 
interest for several years in opening 
a location on campus, UCAB only 
recently invited company represen-
tatives in to give a presentation at 
the beginning of May. Presenters 
discussed Starbucks’ fair trade and 
sustainability packages, an aspect 
important to UCSD’s commitment 
to fair trade and green practices. 

Voting on student space alloca-
tion falls to UCAB, though there is 
no set date or deadline for a vote, 
and UCSD’s Fair Trade Advisory 
Committee could impose stricter 
campuswide policies, potentially 
barring Starbucks and other com-
panies from the university. Manager 
Aaron Lunetta of Espresso Roma 
points out that the cafe is currently 
fair trade based, unlike Starbucks, 
and that students have consistently 
supported fair trade practices.

Lunetta hears rumors about 
Starbucks around this time every 
year.

“Now our lease is monthly,” 
Lunetta said. “But before it was year-
ly, and it was [renewed] every June.”

Past changes to Espresso Roma’s 
lease have been a part of the strug-
gle to make the space economically 
viable.

“We gave them [Roma] some 
room for improvement,” Trujillo 
said. “And it wasn’t reflected the 
following year. That’s why we went 
with the month-to-month lease.” 

UCAB is set on keeping the 
space as a coffee shop or cafe of 
some kind, seeking a replacement 
whose increased profits will maxi-
mize UCAB’s revenue.

Lunetta says that neither he nor 

Price Center’s Sunshine Market unexpectedly closed on May 19, following 
a flood within the store. The market has opened a small section in front of  
the gated market to sell select items until repairs are completed.

PHOTO BY BRIAN MONROE /GUARDIAN

UC Health Workers Stage 
Two-Day Walk Out

Despite legal injunctions, workers at all five UC medical 
centers rallied for higher wages and pensions.

Starbucks is reportedly in 
the running to replace the 
Price Center staple, which 
has financial troubles.

See CAFE, page 3

BY  bi ll  presant
contributing writer

Construction for extension of the San Diego Trolley System — including eight new stations — will begin in 2015.   
BY  davis  liang 
staff writer

See TROLLEY, page 3

Thousands of patient care workers at 
University of California hospitals represented by 
the American Federation of State, County, and 
Municipal Employees 3299 went on strike on May 
21 and 22, despite a legal injunction limiting their 
numbers.

AFSCME vocational nurses, technicians and 
service workers staged rallies at all five UC medi-
cal centers, protesting low wages and unlivable 
pensions. The strike is the result of failed nego-
tiations between the union and UC hospitals over 
employment contracts that expired in September. 
AFSCME 3299 communications director Todd 
Stenhouse said that he maintains that the union 
wants to secure the best possible care for patients 
by encouraging the medical system to hire career 

workers and pay fair wages.
Members of the union wish to see increased 

wages and better benefits. 
“As a patient caregiver, we want to be taken 

care of,” UCSD Thornton Hospital emergency 
room technician Chris Mejia said. “It seems like 
it takes the union to intervene, to announce these 
strikes, to put pressure on the UC system to help 
us along financially [and] advance in our careers. 
It seems like if we don’t do this, we allow them to 
continue to walk all over us.”

Another union, University Professional and 
Technical Employees Communications Workers 
of America Local 9119, joined ASFCME work-
ers in a sympathy strike on Tuesday. UPTE-
CWA 9119 represents healthcare professionals, 
researchers and technical employees on university 

BY  aleksan d ra  konstanti novic 
associate news editor

See STRIKE, page 3

PHOTO BY BRIAN MONROE /GUARDIAN

RAINY DAY FOR SUNSHINE



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

to.ucsd.edu
Outfitting Tritons since 2009

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. KANYE’S SELF-DEFECATION

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Managing; managing@ucsdguardian.org

Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising Assistants 
Vivek Medepalli, Audrey Sechrest, Darren Shim

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
 Amber Shroyer, Dorothy Van

Training and Development Manager
Madeline Mann

Laira Martin

Zev Hurwitz

Mekala Neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Hilary Lee

Lauren Koa

Rachel Uda

Stacey Chien

Jean Lee
Vincent Pham

Jacey Aldredge

Dieter Jourbet

Brian Monroe

Taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

Zoë McCracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella Payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

Claire Yee

Arielle Sallai

Editor in Chief

Managing Editor

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Features Editor

Associate Lifestyle Editors

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Web Editor

Editorial Assistants
Mozelle Armijo, Rachel Huang, Jacqueline Kim, 

Shelby Newallis, Kelvin Noronha

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Kate Galloway, Rachel Huang,                    

Jacqueline Kim 

UCSD mathematics profes-
sor David Meyer and his group of 
five researchers including Orest 
Bucicovschi, Rex Douglass, Megha 
Ram, David Rideout and Dongjin 
Song won the Best Scientific 
Project prize early this month in 
the France Telecom Orange’s Data 
for Development Challenge follow-
ing research in the role of math-
ematics in understanding politics, 
ethnicity and religion. The award 
was announced at the NetMob 
Conference in Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology on May 1.

“I’ve been thinking about math-
ematical aspects of political conflict 
for a couple of years,” Meyer said in 
a UCSD News Center release. “Civil 
war results from this. Understanding 
how civil wars spread relies on 
understanding social divisions.”

The research was conducted in 
conjunction with the UC Institute 
on Global Conflict and Cooperation. 
Meyer’s team used one of four data 

sets provided by France Telecom 
Orange to mathematically measure 
interactions through a volume of 
cell phone calls, determining if clus-
tering a telecommunications net-
work could inform them about lan-
guage or ethnic groups in countries.

“France Telecom Orange’s sub-
sidiary in Cote d’Ivoire provided 
four separate mobile telecommuni-
cations datasets based upon 2.5 bil-
lion calls and short message service 
exchanges between customers over 
the 150 day period of Dec. 1, 2011 
to April 28, 2012 — which is an 
example of ‘big data,’” Meyer said. 
“They also provided the geoloca-
tions of 1238 cell antennae within 
the country. We analyzed one of 
the datasets, which provided the 
call volume between each pair of 
antennae for each hour in the time 
period.”

In the first stage of research, 
Meyer and his team theorized that 
the number of the calls formed geo-
graphical antennae partitions, or 
communities. They discovered that 

the two partitions have a strong 
association even after accounting 
those between two locations would 
be proportional to the product of 
the total calls made at each loca-
tion, divided by some power of the 
distance between them. According 
to Meyer, this finding indicates that 
there is a close correlation between 
the number of calls and proximity of 
call locations — thus, there will be 
more calls when the two locations 
are closer together.

In the second stage, the research 
team grouped together antennae 
that had more calls between them 
and compared the grouped data to 
antennae in different groups. These 
groups were seen to be geographi-
cally connected as well.

“When we compared the result-
ing partition of Cote d’Ivoire into 
regions, we found that it appeared to 
align closely with a partition of the 
country by local majority language,” 
Meyer said.

Meyer and his team hopes to use 
the gathered telecommunications 

data to better understand language 
communities and estimate math-
ematical associations between geo-
graphical divisions.

FLEETING THOUGHTS By Irene Chiang

RAINY FRIDAYS By Eunice Ho

Mathematicians Awarded for Cell Phone Data Analysis
SCIENCE  &  TECHNOLOGY

BY  h elen  h ej ran staff writer

readers can contact
h elen  h ej ran     hhejran@ucsd.edu 

CORRECTION
In the May 19 issue of the 
Guardian, an article about Sun 
God Festival 2013 incorrectly 
stated that the full capacity of 
RIMAC field is 23,000 instead of 
20,000. Additionally, dance teams 
Poreotics and Choreo Cookies 
were incorrectly named as UCSD 
dance teams, instead of profession-
al teams, and incorrectly stated that 
Kendrick Lamar headlined Dance 
Stage instead of Sun God stage. 

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the edi-
tors. Corrections can be sent to edi-
tor@ucsdguardian.org.



campuses.
UC officials estimate that the two-

day strike will cost the university $20 
million across all five medical centers.

Officials held a news conference 
at the UC Office of the President, 
where senior vice President for Health 
Sciences and Services Dr. John Stobo 
discussed the complete impact of the 
strike. The medical system expects 
to remain operational, with elective 
surgeries postponed and emergency 
patients diverted to non-UC facilities.

Stobo also released a statement 
condemning the strike earlier in the 
week.

“Shame on them for jeopardizing 
health services that people need and 

deserve. It is completely inappropriate 
to threaten services to patients as a 
negotiating tactic — the health of our 
patients must not be held hostage,” 
he said. “If union members are as 
concerned with patient safety as they 
claim, why strike?”

Last week, AFSCME released a 
report of a plan to meet patients’ 
immediate needs during the strike. 
The plan included voluntary strike 
exemptions for respiratory therapy 
workers as well as a Patient Protection 
Task Force that will cross picket lines 
in the event of a patient emergency.

The Public Employment Relations 
Board filed a formal complaint 
against the union, arguing that allow-
ing too many essential employees 
strike constitutes an unfair labor 

practice. The union argued that its 
plan satisfied the concessions that 
PERB recommended. 

Sacramento County Superior 
Court Judge David Brown granted an 
injunction on Monday that limits the 
number of AFSCME members that 
were allowed to strike.

UCOP Vice President of 
Systemwide Human Resources Dwaine 
Duckett stated that the injunction was 
appreciated but more limited than the 
university hoped to see.

The strike is not scheduled to 
continue into Thursday, with striking 
employees expected to return to work 
then.

The project will cost upwards of 
$1.7 billion, half of which will come 
from the TransNet half-cent sales 
tax approved by voters in 1987. The 
rest of the costs will come from the 
Federal Transit Administration’s New 
Starts program.

According to Vice Chancellor for 
Resource Management and Planning 

Gary Matthews, the new trolley 
routes will also be beneficial to the 
San Diego environment.

“Bringing the trolley to UCSD 
will provide greater access to the 
campus for the San Diego communi-
ty,” Matthews said. “It also will reduce 
the campus’ carbon footprint, by 
encouraging members of the UCSD 
community to get out of their cars.”

SANDAG will host four open 

house meetings in June to provide the 
San Diego community with opportu-
nities to learn more about the proj-
ect and offer suggestions to be con-
sidered in the final environmental 
report. Comments must be received 
by July 16 to be considered in the 
official report.

Espresso Roma’s corporate offices 
have been informed of definite 
changes. He plans on remodeling 
Espresso Roma in the near future, 
with the cafe remaining in its cur-
rent location.

However, it is UCAB who ulti-
mately manages the space. Any 
remodeling must be done through 

University Centers, and according 
to Trujillo, the long-term plan is 
overhaul.

“The idea is to replace them 
[Roma] altogether,” he said.

Starbucks or any other replace-
ment would also fall under the same 
existing restrictions — pricing, 
hours, decor and Triton Cash poli-
cies — all determined by UCAB.

This replacement might mark 

the first major change to what 
Lunetta says is PC’s oldest resident 
merchant. 

“We’ve been here since 1989, 
when Price Center first opened,” 
he said. “We’re the only restaurant 
that’s still here since 1989, and I’d 
like to keep this spot.”

N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

At last night’s meeting, council 
debuted some snazzy polos that were 
a slightly lighter shade of blue than 
the ones last year’s council wore. 
Already, I can see that our new stu-
dent leaders are mavericks.

Council proceeded to approve 
several new AVPs, who ceremoni-
ously ascended to their places at the 
council table. Much applause and 
congratulations 
to them. For my 
sake, and for 
Speaker John 
Weng’s, keep 
those name tags 
up, please.

Former Campuswide Senator 
Jackie Clavin’s special presentation 
proceeded, thanks to the technical 
wizardry of Campuswide Senator 
Fifi Akel. Clavin presented on behalf 
of the Diversity and Social Justice 
Leadership Program, which aims 
to give students an opportunity to 
engage in social justice and equity-
mindedness at UCSD.

She ultimately 
hopes that the new 
council will con-
tinue the leadership 
program as a way to 
promote an increas-
ingly inclusive 
campus.

The Student 
Sustainability 
Collective continued special presen-
tations with a defense of UCSD’s fair 
trade policy, which remains one of 
the strongest in the nation. All cof-
fee, tea and sugar sold on campus, 
for example, must be fair trade-
certified.

The SSC defined fair trade as 
the sum of sustainable practices that 
include paying third world producers 
a fair wage. As a result of a worldwide 
push for fair trade, income for the 

Coffee Farmer’s Cooperative Union 
has tripled.

The collective also acknowledged 
that fair trade isn’t perfect and that 
it’s often an external solution to a 
developing country’s internal prob-
lems. Sadly, fair trade doesn’t neces-
sarily mean sweatshop-free.

However, SSC argued that the 
overall impact of a fair trade policy 

is highly beneficial.
“There are 

tangible changes 
that can be made 
as a result of fair 
trade,” they argued. 

“The fact that UCSD is aligned with 
these standards shows we’re trying to 
adopt the full scope of fair trade.”

Unfortunately, SSC argues that 
UCSD’s fair trade policy is in danger 
due to new policies that will give 
commercial vendors on campus the 
ability to define fair trade on their 
own terms.

Council’s factor of the week this 
week was the entire office of AVP 

Concerts and Events 
for a superb job put-
ting on a kick-butt Sun 
God.

In Open Forum, 
A.S. President Andy 
Buselt mentioned a 
grievance that former 
AVP College Affairs 
Leonard Bobbitt filed 

against council. For several years, 
council has bypassed a mandate in 
its constitution that requires it to 
give money to the college councils.

Buselt said that he would work 
with college councils to determine 
a solution that won’t bankrupt A.S. 
Council.

Also, I know I’m not technically on 
council, but given the many hours I’ve 
spent in the Forum, do I qualify for 
one of those polos yet? Pretty please?

aleksandra  konstantinovic 
AKONSTA@ucsd.edu

Council Approves New AVP’s 
and Discusses Fair Trade

▶ TROLLEY, from page 1

▶ STRIKE, from page 1

readers can contact

readers can contact

davis  liang     d1liang@ucsd.edu 

bill  presant     wpresant@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
aleksandra  konstantinovic  alkonsta@ucsd.edu 

Medical Systems Continued to Remain Operational During Strike

San Diego Trolley Extension Project Will Cost Over $1.7 Billion

UCAB Considering Starbucks As a Replacement for Roma Cafe
▶ CAFE, from page 1

There are tangible 
changes that can 
be made as a result 
of fair trade.

— Student Sustainability 
Collective

“ “



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

It Takes 
the Right 
Mentality to 
Win College

With graduation three short weeks away, look-ing back at the last five 
years, I can report that I’m stoked 
with my time in college. From run-
ning day-to-day operations for stu-
dent orgs to spending two summers 
living with an indigenous communi-
ty in the Amazon, I’ve been around 
the block. And despite all the time 
I spent shredding gnar or kicking 
it with my bros, I’m fortunate to be 
going to an excellent graduate pro-
gram next year. Someone recently 
told me that I won at college. I want 
you to win it too.

To win college you have to come 
to terms with you as a person. You 
need to figure out what you find to 
be important, and then you need 
to do it. But it’s not all that easy 
to figure out what your passions 
are, which means you have to get 
involved. If you have a vague inter-
est in an organization or an extra-
curricular or even a lifestyle, act on 
it. You won’t find out if something’s 
meaningful to you until you’re a 
part of it. Getting super involved in 
college is probably like walking into 
the Mormon church off the I-5 — 
in reality everything’s different once 
you’re on the inside.

This implies that you should 
get outside your comfort zone and 
engage yourself in ways you never 
expected. Your college experience 
will be defined by what you do. So 
you shouldn’t limit yourself and 
only do one thing, even if you do 
it well. You’ll learn about yourself 
faster in a diverse range of contexts.

What’s essential here is that you 
do this without letting other people 
get under your skin. Take this as a 
lesson from Greek life; I’m aware I’m 
being judged when I walk around 
in letters, but I DGAF. Of course 
haters going to hate — if you didn’t 
learn anything else from this column 
it should be that haters shall hate. 
Winning at college requires that you 
have the confidence to not let the 
haters prevent you from being you.

But if you aren’t going to take 
hate, you shouldn’t dish it out 
either. Super-seniors usually get 
past inter-community competition 
and adopt an outlook from which 
we see our classmates without judg-
ment; they’re intriguing people 
who opted to take different routes 
through college. I’m not bothered 
by people who involved themselves 
in different ways than myself — it’s 
more important that they do what 
they’re passionate about. That 
mind-set will save you from unnec-
essary stress and will allow you to 
see your peers for who they are.

The last secret to winning at col-
lege is beating the Koala’s former 
editor-in-chief Kris Gregorian in a 
beer chug-off. Work hard, but be 
able to let go and rage when you 
want to.

Of course you need maturity to 
come out of college successful — 
but that just means that winning at 
college comes down to having the 
right mentality. Find your passions 
and set yourself up for the future, 
but don’t take everything so seri-
ously. If you be yourself and walk 
out of this place a more interesting, 
mature person who still knows how 
to cut loose and YOLO, then, at 
least in the eyes of this columnist, 
you spent your time here well.

This week, many UCSD stu-
dents will be jolted from a post-Sun 
God stupor to realize, in horror, 
that their second-pass enrollment 
times have already begun. In addi-
tion to being the worst buzzkill 
imaginable, the two-pass system is 
clunky at best and is a serious det-
riment to seniors who are looking 
to finish up graduation require-
ments in a timely manner.

The two-pass enrollment system 
was implemented only a year ago 
at UCSD, following the adoption 
of the same process at UCLA and 
UC Berkeley. The new system was 
intended to give students, par-
ticularly underclassmen, a better 
opportunity to register for some of 
their general education and major 
classes each quarter without wor-
rying that upperclassmen would fill 
all available spaces in their required 

lectures. Without the opportunity 
to wait-list during the first pass, the 
system is also supposed to encour-
age students to enroll in classes 
with open seats.

However, first-pass enrollment 
only allows students to register for 
11.5 units — the equivalent of two 
average classes, and, frustratingly, 
half a unit shy of a third class. As 
the majority of UCSD students 
have full-time status and will need 
to enroll in more than two classes 
per quarter, the two-pass system 
requires students to leave poten-
tially vital classes until their second 
pass. This approach forces students 
to gamble with their classes as they 
weigh which sections are more 
likely to fill up than others.

For upperclassmen, the two-
pass system routinely backfires 
in its efforts to ensure access to 

classes. Enrollment times for both 
first- and second-pass enrollment 
are assigned by the number of 
units a student has to complete — 
the fewer units you have left, the 
higher priority you are given. This 
idea worked under single-pass 
enrollment, because seniors would 
get first pick and could enroll in all 
of their classes at once.

Under a system with divided 
enrollment times, juniors and 
seniors will enroll in at least one 
class after the freshman and sopho-
mores have had first pass, poten-
tially risking losing a class vital to 
their impending graduation.

This becomes especially prob-
lematic in the arts and humanities 
departments, whose classes are 
popular fillers for GE requirements 
but are still of higher importance to 
students who are majoring in those 

disciplines. The two-pass system 
then gives underclassmen only a 
slight advantage while it potentially 
furthers a senior’s expected gradu-
ation time.

Modeling our enrollment system 
on that of Berkeley or UCLA won’t 
automatically give us the same 
recognition and prestige of either 
of those universities. (Division-I 
sports might, but that’s another edi-
torial altogether.) UCSD students 
don’t need the hand-holding of a 
two-pass system, especially one 
that ultimately hinders our efforts 
to enroll in classes.

After an inaugural year, it’s 
time for UCSD to reevaluate the 
two-pass system and bring back 
the single-pass system. Single-pass 
enrollment worked on our campus 
in the past, and it’s undoubtedly the 
best step for our future.

UCSD Should Return to the Single-Pass Enrollment System

UCSD’s senior class should be as excited about graduation as the bookstore, whose signs have been promoting 
every type of graduation-related product since 
last March. But unfortunately, these seniors 
really only get to look forward to the end of 
their commencement ceremonies, when they 
can toss their caps up in the air and shuffle out 
of RIMAC field and into the job market.

The problems with commencement are a 
result of several factors: Our six-college system 
continues to divide students, the program’s 
structure leads to chaos and the ceremonies 
are just straight-up boring. Our administrators 
need to address these issues if they want gradu-
ates to leave with positive memories of UCSD.

With the current system, many graduates 
are unable to stand alongside their friends in 
other colleges at graduation. UCSD has a sepa-
rate commencement ceremony for each college 
and five other commencement ceremonies 
for other schools on campus, like the Jacobs 
School of Engineering and the Rady School of 
Management. UCSD’s college administrators 
also explicitly note that students cannot walk 
the stage at other colleges’ ceremonies.

These separate commencement ceremonies 
unnecessarily divide graduates by identities 
that many leave behind after completing their 
general education. UCSD’s six colleges are 
arbitrary to students by the time they move 
off campus, and it seems unnecessary to bring 
them back into play among graduates who 

have already befriended students in other col-
leges. Compared to other schools, UCSD’s 
graduation procedure seems profuse: UC 
Berkeley only holds one commencement cer-
emony, and UCLA holds two identical gradu-
ation ceremonies that graduating seniors can 
choose to sign up for. UCSD should consider 
following suit to allow graduates the option to 
graduate with their friends.

UCSD administrators offer a minor con-
cession with a much smaller, informal All 
Campus Graduation Celebration the night 
before the commencement ceremonies take 
place. However, this event is both unpublicized 
and unappealing to graduates. Frankly, the cer-
emony seems to be a sorry attempt from UCSD 
to provide an opportunity to celebrate graduat-
ing with friends. But graduates don’t want to sit 
through two sub-par ceremonies, and the infor-
mal ceremony alone does not equate to a tradi-
tional ceremony at which graduates wear caps 
and gowns and take pictures with their friends.

The main reason why a single graduation 
ceremony seems unfeasible is that we have no 
on-campus facility with the capacity for a big, 
six-college commencement. RIMAC field can 
barely accommodate each of the six separate 
ceremonies. Graduates cannot even guaran-
tee their guests tickets to the event as is, and 
although the administration assures students 
that parking will be “plentiful” (good joke), 

Illustration  by janella payumo

EDITORIALS

Cap and Frown

UCSD administrators should reform the separate college commencement 
ceremonies into one big event that senior classes will actually look forward to.

Laira Martin
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Zev Hurwitz
MANAGING EDITOR

Hilary Lee
OPINION EDITOR

Lauren Koa
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

Mekala Neelakantan
NEWS EDITOR

Aleksandra Konstantinovic
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 

2013. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

See GRADUATION, page 5

brad  segal jsegal@ucsd.eduBro's  eye  view



Vampire Weekend re-
turns with a polished, 
memorable album. 

PAGE 7

“Epic” is aestheti-
cally pleasing but 
otherwise bland.

PAGE 7

Bottles and 
Bite-Sized 
Burgers

PAGE 9

MUSIC FILM  &  TV FOOD  &  DRINK

There are two propositions 
that this piece will not even con-
sider, much less accept. The first 
is that Kanye West is not a genius; 
any arguments to this effect were 
irrevocably shattered by his most 
recent album, “My Beautiful Dark 
Twisted Fantasy.”

The other proposition that I will 
not entertain in this piece is that 
Kanye’s most recent event was a 
mere publicity stunt. Instead, it was 
artistic expression.

For those who haven’t heard, 
Kanye has a new song out. It’s a 
really good song too: There are 
strong lyrics, emotional political 
content and the usual obscure, 
esoteric sample (in this case from 
a Hungarian rock band). But that’s 
not what makes this release special. 
What has created the most buzz 
around “New Slaves” is the way it 
was released. Kanye eschewed the 
usual means of publicizing a song. 
He didn’t give copies to radio sta-
tions to play. He didn’t leak it on 
the Internet. While he did perform 
it on “Saturday Night Live,” that 
came after the initial release. Rather 
than binding himself by these tra-
ditional methods of disseminating 
new material, he did something 
completely new.

On the evening of May 17, a 
nondescript truck parked on the 
street in Brooklyn. Without warning, 
it started projecting a video onto 
an adjacent apartment building. 
The black-and-white video showed 
Kanye performing “New Slaves.” 
The video played twice through, and 
then the truck drove off with just as 
little notice or fanfare as it arrived. A 
similar scene was supposed to play 
out in 65 other surprise showings 
across the globe.

Obviously, this created lots of 
media attention. The secrecy and 
excellent execution of the projec-
tions, along with the political mes-
sage and musical strength of the 
song, made for interesting, exciting 
news. So in that sense, the projec-
tion was an extremely successful 
publicity grab. It grabbed headlines 
for West and his upcoming album, 
which is also shrouded in a careful-
ly constructed secrecy, but might be 
dropping in June. To say that it was 
just a ploy for publicity, though, is 
to miss the art behind it.

I think this event is an aesthetic 
self deification of Kanye West. And 
I think it works.

Why God 
is Kanye: 
A Rapper’s 
Deification

sebastian  brady sbrady@ucsd.eduBetween the FrameS

Weekend
ARTS  |  FOOD & DRINK  |  LIVING  |  FILM & TV  |  MUSIC  |  THINGS TO DO

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira Martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
ARTS   |   FOOD & DRINK   |   LIVING   |   FILM  &  TV   |   MUSIC   |   THINGS  TO  DO

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                 Lifestyle Editor: Laira Martin  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
ARTS  |  FOOD & DRINK  |  LIVING  |  FILM & TV  |  MUSIC  |  THINGS TO DO

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira Martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
ARTS   |   FOOD & DRINK   |   LIVING   |   FILM  &  TV   |   MUSIC   |   THINGS  TO  DO

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Jacey Aldredge  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle Associate Editors: Jean Lee and Vincent Pham  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

See KANYE, page 9

E ven over the phone, The Aquabats lead singer Christian Jacobs (more common-ly known as The MC Bat Commander) 
is animated. He laughs after almost every 
sentence whether it was a joke or not. His 
stories are rich and full of dialogue. And 
every now and then, a hint of his superhero 
voice, which is usually reserved for when 
he’s in character, shines through. 

Jacobs, the man who literally uses a 
Sharpie to blacken his front tooth (which 
both his dentist and wife are “not too 
stoked on”) and draw on a fake mustache to 
go to his day job, is behind “The Aquabats! 
Super Show!” The children’s show, which 
airs on the new network The Hub, has just 
received its first daytime Emmy nomina-
tion. After developing the concept nearly 
20 years ago with some of the original band 
members (which once included Blink-182 
drummer Travis Barker), Jacobs’ dream 
show is now filming its second season.

“We’ve loved the show for almost 20 
years even though we never actually made 
it,” Jacobs said. “We thought it was a good 
idea forever, and the fact that kids like it, 
and people are responding to it has been 
really cool.”

If you haven’t already heard of Jacobs, 
you’ve surely seen his work. His first show, 
“Yo Gabba Gabba!” is part of a new genera-
tion of imaginative children’s television that 
airs on Nickelodeon. It’s likely that while 
skimming your Netflix queue during finals 
week, the first season of “The Super Show!” 
has showed up as a recommendation. If you 
haven’t already clicked on it, you should. 

The second season will premiere on June 1.
“The first couple episodes got people 

worried because the show is not really like 
any other show. It feels a lot more adult 
than most kids shows,” he said. “A lot of the 
people on the show are middle-aged people 
so there’s not a ton of kids on the show, 
so it just feels like a different show in the 
space [of children’s television]. I think that 
got people nervous and worried, but once it 
aired and started doing well there was a lot 
of relief at the network.”

Just as in their live shows, The Aquabats 
are able to reach a varied demographic with 
their television show, despite the fact that it’s 
targeted at children. Their fans have always 
been a mixed bag but Jacobs, who has four 
children himself, looks out for kids at shows 
because he says he’s still a kid at heart. 

“One of my first shows, I was in the fifth 
grade, and I saw ‘Oingo Boingo’ at The Palace, 
and this is when they were more underground,” 

aquabats  
Assemble!
BY  Laira Martin  Editor-in-chief   
With a cast of mainly middle-aged adults, 
“Superhero” rock band defies the norm of  
children’s television while still appealing to 
kids with superpowers and mustaches. 

See AQUABATS, page 9



A&E T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Undergrads - To pick up your vouchers,  
have your student ID card and go to Extension 
Student Services Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical students - please  
contact OGSR and the School of Medicine for  
their complimentary vouchers.

Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
UCSD Student Grant Program 
(formerly known as Complimentary Enrollment)

Summer Quarter 2013 Dates:  May 20 - 24, 2013
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)
 

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* Intermediate Piano * Photography: 
Images and Techniques * Improv 101 
* FOREIGN LANGUAGES * English to 
Spanish Translation * Portuguese for 
Communication I * HUMANITIES & 
WRITING * Creative Writing I * Copyediting 
I * Writing Children’s Picture Books * 

DIGITAL ARTS * Digital Media * Mobile 
Game Development * Dreamweaver 
I * BUSINESS * Project Management 
Essentials * Events Management *  
Financial Decision Making * Global 
Marketing * PUBLIC SERVICE & SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY * Introduction to 
Sustainability * Historic Preservation 

Planning * Corporate Social Responsibility 
* LIFE SCIENCES * Cell and Molecular 
Biology * Biostatistics * Drug  Metabolism 
* INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY * Web 
Publishing * Concepts in Healthcare IT * 
HEALTHCARE, BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES 
* Basic Medical Coding * Medical 
Terminology * The Physiology of Exercise *

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.

D irector Chris Wedge’s (“Ice Age”) new animated film “Epic” is a visually spectacular movie. 
It’s easily one of the most gorgeous 
films so far this year: The trees sway 
in the wind, the light filters through 
branches and when magical things 
happen in the film, they look magical. 
Even the characters are beautiful. If “A 
Bug’s Life” had fashion models, these 
tiny creatures would be them. (Hello, 
Beyonce.) Blue Sky Studios — the 
people who brought you the “Ice Age” 
franchise — have crafted something 
that is aesthetically stunning.

However, “Epic” feels a bit like a 
remake of 1992’s “FernGully,” albeit 
slightly more interesting and, well, 
epic than that. A city girl, Mary-
Katherine (voiced by Amanda 
Seyfried, of “Dear John” and “Mamma 
Mia” fame), goes to reconnect with 
her estranged father, who spends his 
time trying to prove the existence of 
the tiny forest folk. It turns out that 
her father, voiced by Jason Sudeikis 
(“Saturday Night Live”), isn’t crazy 
after all, proven when Mary-Katherine 

accidentally gets shrunken down to 
the size of these “leaf men.” What fol-
lows is a fairly standard adventure that 
involves saving both the forest and 
Mary-Katherine’s broken relationship 
with her father. There’s a fairly inef-
fectual villain played by Christoph 
Waltz (“Django Unchained”) who 
tries to turn the forest into rot, a fool-
hardy flying ace, Mary-Katherine’s 
love interest, Nod (played by Josh 
Hutcherson of “The Hunger Games”) 
and, of course, incredibly annoying 
sidekicks of the post-“Shrek” era trope 
who pipe up with cliched, misappro-
priated modern slang.

The actors are serviceable, 
although perhaps the only standout 
character is Colin Farrell (“Alexander,” 
“In Bruges”) as the stalwart General 
Ronin. He’s so much more capable 
than our protagonists as a seasoned 
Leafmen warrior that you wonder 
why a Tinkerbell-sized teen and her 
cohorts are really necessary at all. In 
addition, the bumbling father charac-
ter and his three-legged dog provide a 
good amount of both heartstring-tug-

ging and comedic relief. Otherwise, 
everyone turns in an enjoyable per-
formance, especially when it looks as 
lush and life-like as it does. 

The design work is great – the 
Leafmen wear armor that is part-
samurai, part-Celtic warrior and sit 
atop hummingbirds with tiny saddles. 
The locations all look nearly photo-
realistic; where most 3-D feels as if it 
turns the characters into cutouts on 
an otherwise flat plane (when it does 
anything at all), with “Epic”  the audi-
ence feels like they could actually walk 
into the enormous forest on display. If 
given the chance to see this in the 3-D 
format, take it. 

Aside from a bland story, perhaps 
the other major fault that the film-
makers stumble into is talking down 
to their audience. It’s frustrating to 
find that many animated filmmak-
ers believe younger viewers aren’t 
smart enough to connect plot points, 
or, worse, assume that adults don’t 
make up a part of their audience. 
Fortunately, this film only really 
There’s one scene in the first part of 
the film that features a mother literal-
ly explaining to her child what’s going 
on in the scene, even though the film 
itself has already told the audience 
the story. 

While it has its faults, “Epic” is 
a solid adventure film. Visually, it’s 
Academy Award material. While it 
has a relatively bland plot, it sprinkles 
the proceedings with enough honesty, 
laughs and flourish that it’s worth a 
watch. It’s miles above many other 
animated films that have come out in 
recent years, and it’s much better for 
families than films like “Escape from 
Planet Earth” and “The Smurfs 2” that 
somehow keep popping up in the-
aters. If you’re looking to see some of 
the most stunning animation this side 
of Pixar, then you’re in for a treat.

—  Nathan Cook              
                                   staff writer

Directed by Chris Wedge
Starring Amanda Seyfried, Colin Farrell
Release Date May 24th

EPIC 
Though visually gorgeous, animated film “Epic” 
disappoints with lackluster plot and performances.

film   review

C+

album   reviews

S ince the start of the millen-nium, it seems like nearly all of the most well written and 
memorable albums have either 
been hard to appreciate 
completely until the third 
listen — Radiohead and Bon 
Iver’s discographies — or are 
catchy from the start but lack 
depth — Carly Rae Jepsen’s 
“Call Me Maybe.” With “Modern 
Vampires of the City,” Vampire 
Weekend has created an unlikely 
album that is both instantly loveable 
and thoughtfully intricate.

The first word that comes to 
mind with “Modern Vampires of 
the City” is “alluring.” Much of this 
is due to the vocal melodies, which 
range from the excited, bouncy first 
verse of “Worship You” to the sweet, 
stretching lines of “Step.” The instru-
mental arrangements are equally 
gorgeous, mixing busy drum-work, 
ethereal synthesizers and electric gui-
tar seamlessly. While literally every 
moment of the album illustrates this, 
the best instance is the incredible 
climax of baroque harpsichord going 
into the choruses of “Don’t Lie.”

One of the tunes that stands out 
most, “Hudson,” is instrumentally 
sparse and sounds like a gloomy 
death march. For those less famil-
iar with their work, a legitimately 

creepy song like this from Vampire 
Weekend would be as out-of-style 
as Metallica releasing a Christmas 
sing-along collection. Amazingly, 

not only does “Hudson” fit 
into the album, it happens to 
be one of “Modern Vampires”’ 
best moments, convincingly 
promoting the album’s main 
theme of mortality with som-

ber lyrics and a ticking clock used 
as percussion.

Though it contains only enjoy-
able, polished songs, the disappoint-
ment with this album is that despite 
its potential for perfection, it falls 
just short. With so many flawless 
tracks like “Step,” “Dianne Young,” 
“Finger Back” and “Hudson,” the 
one or two weak points in the 
album are more apparent, like 
the fact that chorus of “Obvious 
Bicycle” wanders a little too close 
to territory explored in “Contra.” 
But this amounts to looking for 
superficial mistakes in what is very 
arguably the best alternative album 
released so far this year: Most of 
“Modern Vampires of the City“ is 
literally more gratifying than sex, 
while the remaining parts come 
pretty damn close.

—   Kyle Somers   
                                                Staff Writer

Indie-rock powerhouse perfectly balances depth 
and catchiness. 

Modern Vampires of the City
by  VAMPIRE  WEEKEND
Release Date May  7

9/10



8     T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  LIFESTYLE
Drunk Sex: 
Whiskey 
Dick Go 
Away

As I’m sure the vast majority of you noticed, this past Friday was the sloppy, crazy, glorious festi-
val we at UC Socially Dead call Sun 
God. It’s an inspiring event for your 
equally glorious columnist, because 
there is no better time to observe huge 
groups participate in utter debauch-
ery. I felt there were a few topics that 
would have tied in nicely — how to 
control your body enough to have at 
least somewhat-satisfying sex while 
inebriated, how to avoid accidentally 
flashing the Guardian’s sex columnist, 
or how to tell whether or not you’re 
still in public when you start getting at 
your partner in the grass.

But in my effort to use my own 
mistakes as lessons for the good of 
man and womankind alike,  I instead 
chose to share one of my more per-
sonally disappointing moments. This 
situation is not of the most glamorous 
ones to be in, but it undoubtedly has 
happened to everyone at some point. 
And if it hasn’t, it will soon enough. 
I speak of the occurrence of the 
dreaded “whiskey dick” phenomenon. 
For those not in the know, whiskey 
dick refers to the inability of a male 
partner to perform sexually after con-
suming too much alcohol, which can 
prevent erections because of its effect 
on the blood vessels of the penis. This 
is especially tragic because alcohol 
often makes the idea of having sex so 
much more appealing, not to mention 
it tends to make people much more 
appealing in general.

I’m sure it’s obvious how whiskey 
dick ties into the Sun God Festival, 
as I’m sure it was obvious to notice 
the widespread gleeful intoxication. 
And while I must admit that I did not 
bring anyone home for a disappoint-
ing escapade this year, the whiskey 
dick experience need not fall on a hol-
iday to be universal. The story is brief 
but heartbreaking. Unfortunately, it 
wasn’t a one-time occurrence, but the 
first time is the most memorable. Your 
always-classy sex columnist and her 
partner at the time drank too much 
one evening, and one thing led to 
another. We were undressed and ready 
to go, engaging in challenges engen-
dered only by liquid-fueled impulsive-
ness, and … nothing. As much as we 
tried, and in spite of his insistence that 
one more minute would do the trick, 
there was no response. We eventually 
gave up, not because we are quitters, 
but because we were tired out.

Crying yet?
My first impulse was to be frus-

trated and upset. This was exacerbated 
alcohol induced emotions, and it can 
be easy to blame yourself for some-
thing that has less to do with you and 
more to do with Jack Daniels. It’s not 
because you’re not sexy or because 
you don’t know what you’re doing, 
but it’s always important to keep com-
munication channels open even when 
you’re not quite on top of your game.

Alternately, you might feel like 
blaming your partner for performance 
inadequacies, though in this case, it’s 
more productive to blame their drink-
ing habits than anything else. For 
most people, shouting or crying will 
not facilitate a boner, so that discus-
sion might best be saved for a calmer 
time. More than anything, this calls 
for you and your partner to be willing 
to laugh at yourselves. 

Bumps in the road like this hap-
pen all the time, and no one gains 
anything by busting a blood vessel 
over it. Perhaps this column returns to 
this theme often, but I believe that sex 
should be fun, and most of the time, 
it really is funny if you stop to think 
about it. Get a laugh out of it, sleep it 
off and hopefully make up for it in the 
morning.

That's What She Said
Lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

SITE  SEEN

Konkocshun
Energy-filled activities, free food, student-made beats and Electric Guest — the perfect concoction.

Everyone’s a little sad that Sun 
God is over, but there is still more 
to be excited about: More music 
and festivities are yet to come. 
Before students head back to the 
intensive study of midterms and 
finals that are stressful, there’s still 
a great opportunity to calm your 
nerves and rid yourself of anxi-
ety by celebrating Sixth College’s 
annual Music and Arts Festival: 
Kuncocshun 2013.

Alex Villa, Sixth College sopho-
more and first year festival director 
says the event continues old tradi-
tions and introduces new events.

“My goal for this year’s 
Kuncocshun Festival was to keep 

it traditional but also revamp it,” 
he said. “We changed the location 
[from Warren Field to the Sixth 
residence hall quad] to keep it more 
Sixth-oriented; there are student 
performers, which is a very tradi-
tional aspect of Kuncocshun.”

A traditional arts event for 
Sixth students, Kuncocshun allows 
the whole campus to celebrate 
the college’s theme of culture, art 
and technology. Kuncocshun has 
featured a number of notable art-
ists in years past. From Elevaters 
in 2009, Shiny Toy Guns in 2010, 
Tyler Hilton in 2011, and the 
Limousines and Little Hurricane 
in 2012, Kuncocshun provides a 
convenient platform for students 
to see artists they like and interact 
directly with talented musicians. 
This year, the up-and-coming duo 

Electric Guest will headline the 
stage. Festival-goers will most likely 
know the band from their single 
“This Head I Hold,” which was fea-
tured in an advertisement for Super 
Bowl XLVII and in Entertainment 
Weekly’s “Your Spring Playlist” 
feature.

“Electric Guest was one of our 
top choices because they are this 
new, up-and-coming indie/pop/
electronic band from L.A.,” Villa 
said. “I think their vibe embodies 
that of Sixth College.”

Even if students are not interested 
in the upcoming music performances, 
the free food and giveaways are defi-
nitely a good enough reason to show 
up. Sixth College student organiza-
tions will be at the event, and games 
and activities will include Dance 
Dance Revolution machines and a 

“Mystery Vault.” (Come and find out 
what’s inside!)

On Friday, May 24, make sure 
you come with your friends from 6 
p.m. to 10 p.m. at the Sixth College 
residence hall quad. There’s nothing 
better than a Friday night spent with 
close friends, listening to live music 
performed by favorite bands and 
satisfying delicious food cravings that 
have been lingering all week — all 
for free. Come see what the Sixth 
College Festivals Committee has put 
together, meet new friends and come 
home with new gifts and memories. It 
may not be summer yet, but it’s time 
to relax a little bit in sunny, warm 
May and have fun by joining the 
Kuncocshun.

BY  Kath eri n e sh i  
staff writer

readers can contact
Kath eri n e Sh i     y1shi@ucsd.edu 

When  Dining  Dollars  Run  Out
The Creative and Inexpensive Ways to Substitue Dining Hall Food

E very student on campus faces the same dilemma towards the end of spring quar-ter: a lack of dining dollars. Three meals a day and buying that daily Frappuccino for $3.75 seemed like nothing, but small transactions add up. A month of school 
is left, and that month includes a week of binge eating during finals. Those 100 din-
ing dollars you have remaining just aren’t going to cut it. Cooking is a challenge for 
many, especially due to limited appliances and food storage space in dorms. Here 
are some unique and resourceful ways to eat with limited dining dollars inside and 
outside the dorms.

Coffee Maker  
1. Make instant oatmeal. Pour two packets into the carafe. Add honey, syrup or jam 
and a pinch of salt. Then, put a tea bag into the filter. Pour eight to 10 cups of water 
into the coffee maker. The oatmeal should be ready in about five minutes.
2. Make instant ramen. It won’t taste like Tajima, but it will do. Put the uncooked 
noodles into the carafe. Add water to submerge the noodles. Then, pour seasoning 
and your toppings of choice, like seaweed, eggs or onions into the coffee maker. Place 
the eggs in the carafe, and let the water drip down over them for a couple minutes.
3. Make boiled vegetables. Put all the vegetables you want in the filter and run water 
through the coffee maker until the vegetables are tender.
4. Make pasta. Buy raw noodles for $2.50 at a dining hall. Fill the coffee pot’s carafe 
with water. Then, place the pasta in the water. Turn the coffee pot on, and drain when 
it’s done. No filter needed.
Iron  
5. Cook bacon with an iron. Put bacon inside of a foil sheet. Crimp the sheet to seal 
the bacon. Then iron the foil sheet for about 10 minutes. Do this on an ironing board 
or any flat surface.
6. Cook chicken with an iron. Seal the chicken in foil. Then, with the iron on the 
highest setting, iron the chicken on both sides until it is cooked all the way through. 
Cook it for about 20 minutes until it’s no longer pink in the middle. You can do the 
same with fish, turkey and grilled vegetables.
7. Make grilled cheese with an iron. Wrap the bread and cheese in foil, and then iron 
them. Make a quesadilla with an iron the same way.

Microwave 
8. Cook scrambled eggs. Coat a bowl with non-stick spray. Then, crack and beat the 
eggs. Add toppings like cheese, onions and peppers. Cook for one minute.
9. Cook a potato in the microwave. Wash the potato. Then cut it in the center and 
wrap a paper towel over it. Cook it in the microwave for 5 minutes. 

Campus 
10. Join every club on campus. Many student orgs try to attract new members with 
the promise of free food. With over 500 clubs and meetings almost every day of the 
week, you’ll never go hungry — and you might find a new club or meet some new 
people along the way.
11. Check out the farmers market every Tuesday in Matthews Quad. It offers healthy 
food at reasonable prices.
12. Check out Roger’s Garden. It is located in Revelle College, just past the Che Cafe. 
Keep in mind for next year’s budget: If you volunteer for enough hours, you can earn 
a plot to grow your own vegetables. Other colleges have gardens as well: ERC has 
Ellie’s Garden, and Earl’s Garden is located in Warren. Many gardens offer harvest 
days where anyone can come to harvest and the food.
13. Go to the General Store Co-op, located in the Student Center. It has food and 
snacks that are 5 percent to 25 percent cheaper than Price Center and the campus 
markets. Also check out the Food Co-op next to the General Store. It serves all-
organic cheap vegetables, baked goods like cookies and cakes, juices and Indian food. 
14. Eat at Porter’s Pub. Many students think Porter’s only serves beer or that you have 
to be 21 to get in, but there is no age restriction and there’s plenty of food, too. They 
offer a $3 menu until 7 p.m. that includes macaroni and cheese, hamburgers, chicken 
tenders and Mexican-style pizza. 
15. Triton Cash to the rescue! You need it to do your laundry, but you can use it for 
more than that. When you use Triton Cash, you save 10 percent on your purchase at 
all dining halls and markets — even the Bistro. Some off-campus vendors also accept 
Triton Cash, like Chipotle, Islands, McDonald’s and Sammy’s Woodfired Pizza. 
16. When all else fails, eat your roommate’s food.      

BY  Nichole   Perri Staff Wrtier   illustrations   by   jeffrey lau



LIFESTYLE T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

Jacobs said. “Danny Elfman brought 
me on stage, signed an autograph and 
was really cool. I’ll never forget that. 
I always want to bring [kids] on stage 
and make that experience special for 
them. I hope they’ll never forget it. It’s 
such a special time being a kid where 
everything is pure, and you don’t real-
ize how crappy the world at the time.” 

The Aquabats are a versatile 
bunch. Their live concerts are a 
full-out production with animated 
videos, visits from evil villains and 
even crowd-surfing children. But 
as much as he wanted it, for Jacobs, 
success didn’t always seem like it 
was on the horizon. 

“Looking back on it there was no 
way we could blow up back then,” he 

said. “We wear costumes. We’re stupid 
superheroes. If we gained a main-
stream audience quickly, we probably 
wouldn’t have appreciated it, and we 
would have faded into obscurity very 
quickly. But the fact that we’ve had 
such a slow build and such great fans 
that are super faithful has been much 
better. Any kind of success we see now 
is shared with our fans.”

Some people may see their cos-
tumes and silly lyrics and write off 
the Aquabats but, in an unexpected 
way, there’s a moral message for 
their followers.

“A kid walking down the street 
in his Aquabats costume ... most 
people are going to roll down their 
window blasting LMFAO and 
call him dumb,” Jacobs said. “And 
that kid, through himself, knows 

that he’s not dumb, and he’s going 
against the grain, and that’s what 
the Aquabats are all about. No one’s 
judging you.”

The Aquabats have performed at 
UCSD twice in the last decade both 
at our beloved Sun God Festival 
in 2000 and at Muirstock in 2006. 
They’ll be making their way back 
to San Diego for the Vans Warped 
Tour this summer on June 19 at the 
Sleep Train Amphitheatre. It’s not 
quite clear if they’re just a bunch of 
guys in costumes fighting evil, musi-
cians or actors. The latter came the 
least naturally to them according to 
Jacobs. They brought in Matt Walsh, 
a founding member (alongside greats 
like Amy Poehler) of The Upright 
Citizens Brigade Theater (a school) in 
Los Angeles to give the musical super 

heroes a lesson in acting. 
“We hired him to coach us for 

a week,” Jacobs said. “We woke up 
every day, and we had comedy boot 
camp. We’d get to the studio at about 
8:30 a.m., and for eight straight 
hours he’d coach us on everything. 
[Acting] was tricky. I had a bit of 
an acting background, and I was 
excited. But it was a bit more nerve-
wracking for the other guys.”

Although there are so many 
varying aspects to Jacobs’ job, he 
says his favorite part is being in 
character as the Bat Commander.

“Actually being the MC Bat 
Commander is the best,” he said. 
“It’s basically like getting paid to 
be the class clown. That costume 
empowers you with a weird silli-
ness. I obviously look so ridiculous. 

Every time you just wanted to stand 
up in the middle of math class to be a 
jerk just to make everyone laugh only 
to get sent to the principal’s office — 
that’s what I feel like I get to do with 
the Aquabats.”

For the diehard Aquabat fans 
that remember going to Cadet 
Summits (a convention solely for 
official fan club members called 
“Aquacadets”) back in the early 
2000s, Jacobs confirmed that 
they’re planning their first Cadet 
Summit since 2006 for next sum-
mer. They’ve also written several 
songs for a new Aquabats album, 
which they hope to release by the 
end of the year. 

Everyone, including the man 
himself, agrees that Kanye has an 
outsized ego. The rumored title 
of his new album, though, takes 
this new ego to an entirely higher 
realm. According to multiple 
reports, the title will be “Yeezus.” 
Yeezus, a combination of Jesus and 
Yeezy, one of Kanye’s self-given 
nicknames, makes the self deifica-
tion unavoidable. But how does 
projecting Yeezy’s new song on 
some brick wall in Williamsburg, 
Brooklyn further develop this 
Nietzschean deification?

For one, it makes Kanye the 
complete master of his work. Rather 
than be dependent on radio stations 
or television shows to promote his 

work for him, he is circumventing 
these means. He creates his owns 
means of distribution. If listeners 
want to really hear “New Slaves” 
(the civilian recordings are shoddy 
and can’t do the song justice), they 
must hope West blesses them with 
a virtual performance. West’s music 
will only be played when and where 
he wants it to be played. In doing 
so, he makes himself a creator to a 
far greater degree than most artists. 
While he began his career beholden 
to other people, he’s reached a point 
where he controls everything. He 
makes the music, but he also dis-
tributes the music. Thus he holds all 
artistic power. He can create what he 
wants and can do with it whatever 
he pleases. He is absolutely free, just 
like God.

Beyond this economic self suf-
ficiency as supernatural power, the 
imagery of the film is much more 
indicative of the deistic theme. The 
sheer magnitude of the projection 
project makes him seem omnipotent. 
The video was shown in 66 cities 
around the world. The coordina-
tion and capital outlay required to 
pull this act off in that many cities 
(without the song ever leaking) is a 
gargantuan feat in itself. The feeling 
of omnipotence is obvious. Kanye 
has a grasp on the entire globe. He is 
everywhere, just like God.

The effect of the video makes 
this omnipotence even more chill-
ing. Throughout the video, West 
stares directly into the camera. 
When projected tens of feet tall, his 
face look like it’s staring directly at 

you, rapping to you. A more easily 
palatable parallel than God might 
be Big Brother in George Orwell’s 
“1984.” In that book, Big Brother’s 
face is everywhere, watching you. 
But it should be noted that, in the 
book, Big Brother essentially played 
the role of a god without being 
called one. And so the eerie effect 
of Kanye’s face looming over pass-
ersby is unnerving because of the 
divine power it seems to represent. 
Whatever you do, Kanye will see you. 
He is omnipotent, just like God.

Does this self deification proj-
ect seem ridiculous? It shouldn’t. 
Kanye’s self deification (when 
viewed aesthetically and philosoph-
ically) makes perfect sense in the 
modern western world. Nietzsche, 
who Kanye reads and admires, 

already informed us that God is 
dead. Furthermore, in a particular 
reading of some Nietzschean works 
(which would take far too long to 
evaluate in this column), it is man’s 
future to become a god in his own 
right, reflected by Kanye’s actions.

Herein lies Kanye’s true genius. 
Disregard for a moment the gaffes, 
the ego, the disreputable girlfriend, 
all of the problems of celebrity. 
Look instead at his aesthetics. Look 
instead at his philosophy. What 
makes Kanye so great to those 
willing to take him seriously as an 
artist is his ability to, through art, 
epitomize the modern quest to cre-
ate new values and new gods.

▶ KANYE, from page 6

readers can contact
sEBASTIAN bRADY     SEBRADY@ucsd.edu 

Kanye West Reflects the Nietzschean Ideals of  Becoming One’s Own God with His Music Video Release 

Aquabats’ Lead Singer Christian Jacobs Discusses the Zany Energy His Emmy Nominated Kids Show
▶ AQUABATS from page 6

readers can contact
Lai ra Marti n     LMM002@ucsd.edu 

HAVE A DRINK ON US

MY LITTLE PONY

The Guardian asked Paris 
from West Coast Tavern in 
North Park to recommend 
a drink of her choice. This 

cocktail is a variation of 
the classic 1950s drink, the 

Moscow Mule.

INGREDIENTS

1.5 ounces Stoli Peach 
Vodka

2 dashes bitters
1/2 ounce fresh lime juice

Top with ginger beer or 
ginger ale. Serve on the 
rocks, and garnish with 

lime and mint. If you don’t 
have peach-flavored vodka, 
simply replace it with your 

favorite spirit. Enjoy this 
spin on a mule, and call it a 

modern classic.

— ADRIENNE FOLEY
Staff Writer

There is nothing standing in the 
way of success for Soda & Swine, a 
new Consortium Holdings-owned 
restaurant in Normal Heights. 
Like its sister restaurants Craft & 
Commerce and Underbelly — both 
in Little Italy — Soda & Swine 
delivers what its hip audience really 
wants: Comfort food done right. 

For Soda & Swine, it’s all about 
the small details. The restaurant has 
communal seating, with two long 
tables stretching the length of the res-
taurant. On busier nights, you may 
rub elbows with some bizarre couples 
on first dates. Escape to the far end 
of the restaurant, where a wood-
burning fireplace is kept at a com-
fortable roar. Water is offered from 
a fire hydrant tap, but a sign warns 
patrons to “please use with discretion 
and never take for granted.” Duly 
noted. Fries are served in miniature 
sized basket fryers, meatball plates 
are served on cast-iron skillets and 
sodas are bottled, never iced. 

Of course, the restaurant knows 
what it’s doing with 
the big-ticket items, 
namely, soda and 
swine. Meatballs are 
prepared in-house 
from fresh slabs of 
meat in the back. 
A 28-strong menu 
of sodas, ranging 
from Sioux City 
Sarsaparilla to a 
Caribbean-based 
grapefruit soda is 
exciting if you’ve 
never ventured inside Cost Plus 
or Bristol Farms. It’s difficult to go 
wrong with any of these options, but 
the grapefruit-flavored Ting soda 
($3) pairs up nicely with the heavier 
meat-and-cheese dishes ahead. 

The ordering process is simple — 
choose one of five meatball options 
(pork, chorizo, beef, chicken and 
quinoa) in one of four styles of 

preparation (slider, sub-
marine, plate or with 
pasta). 

Served on a thick, 
crunchy bun, the 
“Swine” smoked pork 
slider ($3) defied expec-
tations. Instead of bland, 
chewy gristle, the tender 
ground pork gave way to 
an almost overwhelming 
smoked flav or. It stood 
up well against a “chipo-
tle” sauce that was more 

barbecue than salsa. 
The “Bovine” slider ($3), a beef, 

marinara and mozzarella trio was 
just that — a classic meatball sub. 
What could have been the Subway 
of meatballs (used here as an 

insult) instead became a favorite. 
The meatball, made of nothing but 
ground beef, fell apart in chunks of 
fatty meat.

The “Hen” meatball plate ($7) 
and fried polenta ($5) both came 
on small cast-iron skillets that 
burned. Served with a thick mush-
room sauce, the chicken meatball 
had the rich flavor and hearty tex-
ture of an overprotective mother’s 
meatloaf.  Just simple ground 
chicken, the dish was far richer 
than poultry ever has a right to be. 
In most restaurants, fried polenta 
is always served with marinara and 
mozzarella. It’s an Italian classic, 
a wheel that doesn’t need to be 
reinvented. The hunk of polenta 
was lightly fried, its crisp shell shat-
tering to reveal its creamy interior, 
and paired with a mild and unad-
venturous, arrabiata sauce. The 
mozzarella was the best part — a 

fresh scoop rested on top, melting 
under the heat of the skillet. 

Continuing in the spirit of fresh 
home cooking, the classic apple 
pie a la mode ($5) is prepared in-
house. Somebody in the kitchen 
clearly has a vendetta against sugar, 
because the natural fructose of the 
apples didn’t cut it. Instead, flavor 
came from an American-sized 
coating of cinnamon. Fortunately, 
a buttery crust and banana-tasting 
vanilla soft serve nearly made up 
for all of the pie’s imperfections. 

It’s food for the indecisive. Soda 
& Swine’s small-dishes-done-right 
restaurant concept is already a hit 
amongst locals who are gentrify-
ing Normal Heights. And the lines 
don’t look like they’re dying down 
anytime soon.

RESTAURANT  REVIEW

Soda & Swine
A variety of soda pop and bite-sized servings come packed in flavor — and candlelit meals turn casual. 

Hours: 

Mon-Sun 4 pm - 
1:30 am

Location:

2943 Adams Ave
(at 30th St) 
San Diego, CA 92116

readers can contact
margaret  yau     m1yau@ucsd.edu 

BY  margaret  yau 
senior staff writer



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

capacity is limited, and seating is 
“first come, first served.” Things 
might move more smoothly if ticket-
ed guest passes were issued. It seems 
but a minor request to allow gradu-
ates to guarantee seating for guests 
who fly in for the ceremony. 

UCLA’s ceremony allots each 
graduate four guests and an option 
to purchase more tickets for a fee, 
and Berkeley’s ceremony requires 
graduates to request and then pur-
chase tickets. Ticketing our com-
mencement ceremony would not 
only level the seating battlefield; it 
would also provide a safer, more 
organized way to anticipate the 
number of guests who will attend 
the event. It will help prevent more 

of the inevitable chaos that accom-
panies graduation ceremonies, 
especially considering that, thanks to 
the six colleges’ separate events, they 
occur back-to-back.

If graduates and their guests 
have to endure hours of speeches, 
it would be appreciable if UCSD 
could deliver better guest speak-
ers. Over the past few years, we’ve 
had some cool (but still random) 
speakers, like Uncle Phil from “The 
Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,” “Beavis 
and Butthead” creator James Avery 
and UCSD alumnus Mike Judge, 
but speakers have mostly been 
unknown alumni that graduates 
and their families have no interest 
in hearing speak at graduation. If 
UCSD administrators didn’t have to 
locate a different speaker for each 

ceremony, they might actually be 
able to find one interesting, quali-
fied speaker to address the graduat-
ing class. If UC Davis can get Nancy 
Pelosi to speak at its commence-
ment ceremony, there’s no reason 
why a university of our caliber can’t 
get similar speakers for ours.

Commencement is a rite of pas-
sage that graduating seniors can’t 
miss, but it shouldn’t be an event 
that they dread attending. UCSD 
administrators should address grad-
uation as an issue and should plan to 
reform an event that is both crucial 
to the reputation of the university 
and its future alumni. After spend-
ing a difficult few years at UCSD, 
graduates deserve an inclusive, orga-
nized event they can actually look 
forward to.

Preparing
for success and 
the CPA exam.
Pepperdine’s Master of Science in Accounting (MSA) 

is an intensive program that prepares you for a career 

in public accounting, industry, government, and the 

nonprofi t sector. The 30-unit curriculum can be completed 

in as few as nine months and is designed for those who 

seek the academic preparation and credits required for 

CPA licensure in California and most other states.

bschool.pepperdine.edu                

The Master of Science in Accounting

The human eye has a creative appetite.  

Feed it for free with an all-you-can-eat buffet 

of contemporary art at MCASD.  

Museum locations downtown and in La Jolla. 

Visit us online for more info.  

FeedYourGreedyOrgan.comFeedYourGreedyOrgan.comFeedYourGreedyOrgan.com
Admission is 
always free!25 and under?

When YOu’re 
25 Or under, 

YOur eYes 
eAt FOr Free 

At MCAsd. 

25 and under free admission is generously 
supported by Qualcomm Foundation.

13COM025_25Under UCSDGuardian.indd   1 4/1/13   11:32 AM

HALYCON DAYS By Christie Yi

Distributing Guest Tickets Will Ease Some Commencement Chaos
▶ GRADUATION, from page 4

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear Editor,
UCSD’s own Sigma Chi Iota 

Chi chapter held the fraternity’s 
national philanthropy, Derby Days, 
from May 6 to May 9 during Week 
6. Each year, every Sigma Chi 
chapter holds Derby Days across 
the nation in order to fundraise for 
the Huntsman Cancer Foundation, 
or the Huntsman Cancer Institute. 
John Huntsman, Sr., cancer patient 
and survivor, has made it his mis-
sion to devote his life to finding a 
cure to cancer. 

The foundation uses funds to 
research cancers across the board 
including thyroid cancer, breast 
cancer, colon cancer, melanoma 
and many more. The institute 
researches the genealogy of cancers 
in efforts to locate the disease in 
humans faster as well as treat it 
more safely and efficiently.

At UCSD, Sigma Chi places a 
swing and its booth on library walk 
for 24 hours per day from Monday 
all the way through Thursday. 
Sororities nominate a “Derby 
Darling” who will represent her 
chapter at every “swing time” and 
rally her sisters to get excited about 
the week’s festivities. Sororities pick 
three-hour windows from Monday 
through Thursday for their swing 
times. During these three-hour 
blocks, sorority members swing 
nonstop until the next sorority 
arrives for their chosen swing time. 

The week is full of fun activi-
ties like an Inter-Fraternity Council 
sumo-wrestling competition, soror-
ity bake sales in which funds are 
donated to the HCI, and penny 
wars. The week ended on Thursday 
evening with a fun rendition of the 
popular 1970s show, “The Dating 
Game,” in which the Derby Darlings 

from the top seven-earning sorori-
ties participated and asked anony-
mous Sigma Chis questions about 
their ideal date scenarios.

Although these events fostered 
fun competition, it is important to 
note that UCSD stood up together to 
raise the money for cancer research. 
The IFC, Pan-Hellenic Council and 
Multicultural Group Council all 
worked cohesively at UCSD this year 
to help the Iota Chi chapter raise 
just over $12,000 for the HCI. John 
Huntsman Sr. matches every single 
dollar raised by each chapter across 
the United States in donations.

Derby Days truly was a blast 
and a success. Unfortunately, over 
12 million people globally will 
learn they have cancer this year. 
While Derby Days has ended, our 
battle against cancer hasn’t. Give 
hope to those who may not feel it 
at the moment. I truly believe that 
anything you do makes a difference 
in someone else’s life, even if that 
something amounts to $1. You can 
donate to the URL below. Have a 
great day and thank you so much.

http://www.huntsmancancer.org/
giving/huntsman-cancer-foundation/
ways-to-give/donate-online

— Joey Tompkins
Freshman, Eleanor Roosevelt College

The Huntsman Cancer 
Fund Is a Worthy Cause

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from 
its readers. All letters must be addressed, 
and written, to the editor of the Guardian. 
Letters are limited to 500 words, and all 
letters must include the writer’s name, college 
and year (undergraduates), department 
(graduate students or professors) or city of 
residence (local residents). A maximum of 
three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. 
The Editorial Board reserves the right to reject 
letters for publication. Due to the volume of 
mail we receive, we do not confirm receipt or 
publication of a letter.

email: opinion@ucsdguardian.org



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

HOUSING
3-4 Student Housing - Available September 
- 3 bedrooms 1.5 bath condo off Eastgate 
Mall Road, perfect for 3-4 students. Washer/
dryer, pool/spa. Near bus line. Contact 
ninaho24@hotmail.com. Near UCSD, UTC - 
$2100. Available September - 3 bedrooms 
1.5 bath condo near UCSD, UTC - perfect 
for 3-4 students. Washer/dryer included. No 
co-signers needed. Listing ID: 56100358 at 

GOOD DRIVERS
NEEDED

ROOM FOR RENT 
IN LA JOLLA HOME

$950

3 Bedroom/3 
Bath Townhome

Room to Rent 
at Bay Park/
Mission Bay

Get the perfect part-time job. Earn
$12.85/hour. Work on campus. Flexible

hours. Paid training. Hiring now for
summer training. UCSD students only.
Details at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

LARGE FURNISHED ROOM WITH BATH, AND 
SEPARATE ENTRANCE, IN LA JOLLA HOME 
WITH A VIEW. WALK TO SHORES BEACH. 
KITCHEN USE. ON BUS ROUTE. UTILITIES 

INCLUDED. PARKING ON DRIVEWAY. CALL 
JANET AT 858-456-0865.  

EMAIL JANHEY6@AOL.COM

2 car garage and fireplace, 
La Jolla $545K 

Coastal Real Estate Lic.0901218 
Sherry (858)361-9908

3 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 car garage, newly 
remodeled. Looking for: non-smoker, super 

clean, professional roommate, no pets. 
Requires: $1,500.00 deposit, background 

check, $35 tenant screening;
Rent $1250.00 + ½ utilities. 

Email: drmguns@att.net

AWARD-WINNING DJ SERVICE

facebook.com/dj.osergio

Ph 858-405-8210
mainserge@hotmai l .com

SOUND  GA L L E RY

DJ O. Sergio

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

Two spots left in an apartment for next 
year - $450. I have a group of 3 girls at the 
moment for an apartment next year and we 
would like to add 2 more to the group! We 
have an idea of which areas and complexes 
we’re interested in and are all UCSD female 
students. Message me if you’re interested at 
lrumberg@ucsd.edu. Note: the price listed 
is about what the cost would be per person 
with utilities IF we had a five person apart-
ment. Listing ID: 56225384 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

PETS
Beautiful White Doberman - $550 - This 
is powder, she is a 16 week old white 
Doberman female, tail docked, dew claws 
removed, ears are still natural, but can still 
be trimmed. She is a very loving dog and 
would make a great addition to any family. 
Pictures are of her and her sisters at fiesta 
island this last sunday, any questions,please 
email me Listing ID: 56030029 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Pure Breed Shih Tzu Pups - $550 - Pure breed 
males and females+ 1st shots They will be 
golden white when full grown. Cash only 
No Txt 619818-1057. Listing ID: 55739657 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

French Poodle Puppy - $175 - We have 
French Poodle Puppies. $175 each. males 
available only. 619-878-7887. 619-862-9142. 
Listing ID: 55739229 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Yorkshire Terrier Male - $275 - Gorgeous, 
Super Friendly Male Purebred Yorkshire 
Terrier. Medium Size Yorkie - about 12 
pounds - (not teacup style)

18 months, Black and Gold, not fixed. no 
email and no text - serious inquiries only. 

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

$275. San Diego. ph# 619-851-0130. Listing 
ID: 55476567 at ucsdguardian.org/classi-
fieds for more information

ELECTRONICS
Original xbox 360 w/ games - $145 - Selling 
a original white xbox. Comes with all the 
wires and a wireless controller. The games 
are Mx vs Atv alive, Modern warfare 2, Black 
ops. Email or txt or call. Available anytime. 
Listing ID: 56426337 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Onkyo TX-4500 Receiver - $250. Audio, 
onkyo analog 80s device $250. Listing ID: 
56028836 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

VW Gti Factory CD Player - $100. Factory 
OEM ‘Premium 7’ mp3 CD player from a 2007 
VW GTi-perfect cond-like new! Fits 06-08 for 
sure...may fit other yrs and models as well. 
Listing ID: 56426330 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

MUSIC SERVICES
“Sound Gallery” Award-Winning DJ Service. 
Creative, experienced, professional DJ, and 
a music collection second-to-none.  Playing 
“Free Style” all genres and eras! We do: 
indoor/outdoor events & clubs. Playing: Top 
40 - Old School - New School - Latin - Jazz 
- Zydeco - Country - Slow Dancing - Pole 
Dancing - Flamenco - Waltzes - Tangos - 
Easy listening - Etc. Call DJ O. Sergio at 
858.405.8210. Email: mainserge@ hotmail.
com. Web: facebook.com/dj.osergio

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

Tritons Row Alongside Barry and Central Oklahoma in 
First Heat of  NCAA Division II National Championships

USA Volleyball to Come to RIMAC

runners up in 2007 and 2008. 
At the All-WIRA conference 

championships, UCSD’s varsity 
eight boat came in second place, 
just 0.8 seconds behind Western 
Washington. 

For their efforts, UCSD placed 
four rowers in the All-WIRA confer-
ence team, with seniors Travaglione 
and Michelle Robins named to the 
first team. Seniors Alyssa Dixon-
Word, the UCSD Captain, and 
Tanya Vander Vis named to the 
second team. 

In UCSD’s last meet, the 
Aberdeen Dad Vail Regatta, the 
Tritons faced three of its NCAA 
opponents. 

In the first heat, UCSD placed 
fifth with a time of 7:57.41 behind 

second place Mercyhurst (7:51.18). 
In the second round, the Tritons 
bested Mercyhurst, finishing at 
7:06.95. 

In the grand final, the Tritons 
again placed in front of Mercyhurst 
but behind No. 1 Barry University 
and No. 2 Nova Southeastern 
University. 

“Honestly, Mercyhurst, we 
should beat them no problem. Both 
Barry and Nova Southeastern are 
extremely fast, although it’s hard 
to say how much faster because the 
conditions were not the greatest at 
the [Dad Vail Regatta].”

Travaglione says UCSD will take 
off for Nationals next Tuesday, May 
29. “I expect us to make the Grand 
Final,” Travaglione said. “We’d all 
like to medal and at least be in the 
top three.”

2013 NCAA Division II Women’s 
Rowing Championships

May 31-June 2
Eagle Creek Park
Indianapolis

Friday, May 31
Varsity 8 Heat One (Barry, Central 
Oklahoma, UCSD): 8:10 a.m.
Varsity 8 Heat Two (Mercyhurst, 
Nova Southeastern, Western 
Washington): 8:20 a.m.

Saturday, June 1
Varsity 8 Repechage: 7:30 a.m.

Sunday, June 2
Varsity 8 Petit Final: 6:40 a.m.
Varsity 8 Grand Final: 6:50 a.m.

phoTo bY NolAN ThoMAS /Guardian FiLE

▶ CREW, from page 12

readers can contact
RACHEL UDA     RUDa@ucsd.edu 

It was announced May 17 
that UCSD will host the match 
between the No. 1 USA Women’s 
Volleyball team and No. 3 Japan, 
July 10 at RIMAC Arena. 
The United States, ranked first 
in the world by the International 
Volleyball Federation (FIVB), earned 
the silver medal in the 2012 Olympic 
Games. The third-ranked Japanese 
team earned the bronze medal.  

UCSD will be the first stop to kick off 
the inaugural USA Volleyball Cup -- a 
tour aimed to draw attention to USA 
volleyball. The following day, the team 
will travel to Cal State Long Beach’s 
Water Pyramid and will end at JSerra 
High School in San Juan Capistrano. 
Tickets for the match between the 
United States and Japan are $20 for 
general admission and $5 for chil-
dren 18 and under.

Guardian to Supply the Keg Next Year

last leg. We were unable to make up 
enough ground, and by this time, the 
keg had been emptied.

The 18–6 loss marks the fourth 
straight year that the Guardian will 
be buying the keg for next season’s 
sloshball. And even though the bulk 
of the Guardian roster is still recover-
ing from sunburns, and though the 
overwhelming female presence on 
the Guardian staff may hamper us 
for many seasons to come — as hard 

as it is for me to concede — slosh-
ball is a tradition worth preserving. 
If spending 15 hours twice a week 
together doesn’t do it, the act of steel-
ing ourselves at Vallarta’s before the 
match, commiserating at Vallarta’s 
after the match and jumping to the 
defense of a Guardian editor in the 
face of Koala heckling certainly knits 
us closer together.

readers can contact
RACHEL UDA     RUDA@ucsd.edu 

▶ UDA, from page 12

USA  vOLLEyBALL

phoTo CoURTeSY oF USA VolleYbAll



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  M AY  2 3 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

The Sixth Seed
wOmEn'S  CREw

No. 6 UCSD qualify for the NCAA Championships with the at-large bid.

By  rachel uda  sports editor   photo   by  nolan thomas

We May Have Lost the Game, but Won in Spirits

There are a lot of terrible things about the day after Sun God — the headache, the hangover, cleaning vomit coming out of 
your kitchen sink. And yet, my least favorite 
thing is chipping in $20 for a keg of Miller High 
Life and dragging myself to a baseball diamond 
to honor a tradition whose origins and impor-
tance are no longer understood.

Every year, the Guardian staff faces off 
against the now-mostly defunct Koala in a 
game of sloshball. Sloshball, for those who are 
unfamiliar, is a perversion of softball wherein in 
order to advance to home plate, one must down 
a beer at second base. But that’s not all. Unlike 
in softball, there’s no need for an umpire. All 
calls are open to challenge, the outcome decid-

ed upon with a drink-off at the keg.
So what are the implications? Well, one 

need not have athletic ability or knowledge of 
the sport to win — good for a group in which 
the most commonly asked question of the day 
was “What is a force out?” Further, and more 
importantly, the team with the best drinkers 
always wins. Now, I won’t knock the Guardian’s 
ability to knock back a few beers, but when 
the lineup consists of five girls who weigh less 
than 120 pounds each and one Orthodox Jew 
who had to walk three miles to make the game 
(thanks, Shabbat), I think it’s reasonable to say 
that there were more than a few holes in the 
roster.

Despite weaknesses going in, we remained 
close through the bottom of the first inning. 
The Koala won the drink-off and chose to bat 
first — a strategy born out of ignorance — chal-
lenging at the keg a handful of times to score 
six runs.

In our turn at bat, we stacked the top of the 
order with the Guardian men — including the 
Guardian’s Most Valuable Player, fittingly, the 
columnist behind “Bro’s Eye View” (he went 
6-0 in drink-offs) — and were able to load the 
bases. In what was arguably the most heroic act 
of the game, a Guardian Lifestyle editor beat 

the throw at first, batted in two runs and was 
immediately sent to the keg on the challenge. 
The Lifestyle editor (5’8”, 130 pounds) embar-
rassed the Koala’s six-foot ringer from San 
Diego State, emptying his cup at twice the Koala 
pitcher’s pace. By the end of the first inning, we 
had closed the gap, but we were unable to gen-
erate anything else in the way of offense.

With the Guardian outfield largely distract-
ed by a black labrador straying out of the reach 
of its elderly owners, the Koala knocked in nine 
runs. With only two outs, an unnamed manag-
ing editor called for a boat race. In a United 
Nations-style negotiation, the Guardian editor 
called for five runs to the winner, but was bar-
tered down to three runs and one out.

The Guardian tasked the lead leg to former 
photo editor Andrew Oh (4-0 in drink-offs), 
followed by Arts and Entertainment Editor and 
former Editor-in-Chief Arielle Sallai, Lifestyle 
Editor Vincent Pham, myself, current Editor-
in-Chief Laira Martin, Managing Editor Zev 
Hurwitz and the Guardian MVP.

Oh gave the Guardian an ample lead that 
had disappeared by the time it was my turn to 
drink. The Koala had a half-second lead at the 

Significant 
Figures

F or the first time since 2008, the UCSD women’s crew varsity eight boat has qualified for the NCAA Division II Women’s Rowing Championships. 
Nationals will be held at Eagle Creek Park in Indianapolis. 
       No. 4 Central Oklahoma and No. 6 UCSD were the 
only two teams to receive an at-large bid to the tourna-
ment. The four other schools, winning their conference 
meets to receive the automatic qualifier, are No. 1 Barry, 
No. 7 Mercyhurst, No. 2 Nova Southeastern and No. 3 
Western Washington. 

UCSD will compete in the first heat alongside Barry 
and Central Oklahoma next Friday, March 31, beginning 
at 8:10 a.m. The remaining three teams will compete in 

the second heat at 8:20 a.m. 
The winners of the heats will compete in the Grand 

Final on Sunday, June 2. All other teams will race in the 
Repechage race on Saturday, June 1. 

“It’s gonna be hard, we’re gonna have to row our best 
race,” UCSD All-WIRA selection Ashley Travaglione 
said. “We have to be perfect, because the other teams are 
very fast. I think having Barry in the first heat is a good 
thing though, because they’ve been on fire recently.”

UCSD has made four previous NCAA appearances — 
in 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008. The Tritons were national 

See CREW, page 11

13
13 feet separates No. 5 Nash Howe’s  
mark from No. 1 Cody Parker’s in the  

javelin. 

8
The UCSD women’s crew varsity 8 
team has earned a bid to the NCAA 

National Championships, competing  
May  31 to June 2 in Eagle Creek 

Park, Indiana. 

1.5
Junior  pole  vaulter  Clint  Rosser has  

improved  1.5’  over  the  course of  
the  season,  recording  at 14’9”  on  

Feb. 16  and  16’3” (his NCAA qualifier)  
on  May  11. 

7
Last  season,  all  seven  of  UCSD’s 

NCAA  qualifiers  earned  All-America  
honors, placing  in  the top-8  in  

their  respective  events. 

22
 Sophomore Javelin thrower Nash 

Howe has improved his mark by over 
22’ over the 2012– 2013 season. 

5
It’s been five seasons since the UCSD 
women’s crew team has sent a boat 

to the NCAA Division II Nationals.
 

13.24
13.24 seconds separated No. 5 

UCSD’s Varsity 8 boat from No. 1 
Barry in the Aberdeen Dad Vail Meet 

on May 11.

rachel  uda 
PLAy  IT  AS   IT  LAyS

ruda@ucsd.edu

SLOSH BALL

Koala take 77th installment 
of annual Guardian-Koala 
sloshball matchup.

See UDA, page 11

phoTo bY lAIRA MARTIN /Guardian


	052313News
	052313OPINION
	052313WEEKEND
	052313OPINION
	052313_Classifieds_PG10
	052313SPORTS

