
Oceanview Terrace will revert to its a la carte-style din-ing beginning next year, 
according to Housing, Dining and 
Hospitality Services. OVT has been 
operating as an all-you-can-eat buf-
fet since the start of the 2012–2013 
academic year, but after student feed-
back and an organized petition, the 
Thurgood Marshall College dining 
hall will discontinue its buffet.

Marshall Senators Mariko Kuga 
and Dalena Nguyen noticed a dislike 
for the buffet during Fall Quarter 
2012 and decided to take action by 
organizing a petition and encourag-
ing constituents to voice their opin-
ions during the senators’ office hours. 

Last quarter, Kuga and Nguyen met 
with A.S. President Meggie Le and 
drafted a petition over Thanksgiving 
break, planning to release the peti-
tion after it underwent the neces-
sary checks by A.S. Council and the 
Thurgood Marshall College Student 
Council.

The petition was formally 
released on Change.org during Week 
1 of Winter Quarter 2013, but by 
that time, HDH had already decided 
to discontinue OVT’s buffet.

According to minutes from the 
Jan. 10 HDH meeting, Assistant 
Vice Chancellor Mark Cunningham 
and HDH Director of Dining Steve 
Casad stated that for the 2013-2014 
school year, OVT will no longer be 
an “All-You-Care-To-Eat”, and will 
turn back into a retail-based unit.

“Just before releasing the peti-
tion, Dalena and I sat down with 
Mark Cunningham, the head of 
HDH,” Kuga said. “He informed 
us during that meeting that HDH 
had already decided to change OVT 
back … as they had noticed that it 
wasn’t that popular with the stu-

dents.”
Nevertheless, the short-lived 

petition garnered 224 supporters on 
Change.org.

“The feedback we have received 
has been positive — although small 
— since the petition seemed some-
what unnecessary to students since 
HDH announced the buffet style 
would be discontinued,” Kuga said.

Regarding the entire protest pro-
cess, Kuga and Nguyen said that 
students should not be afraid to 
voice the concerns they have for 
HDH issues.

“Students are the customers, and 
if they are not happy about some-
thing, [they should] voice concerns 
either directly to HDH or through 
college council,” Kuga said. “If they 
are unhappy, they should make it 
heard.”

OVT manager James Johnson 
was not immediately available for 
comment. 

Patrons at OceanView Terrace in Thurgood Marshall College enjoy lunch Feb. 6. Housing and Dining Services recetnyl announced that the dining hall will revert from its current “all-you-care-to-eat” 
system back to the a la carte system currently found in all other campus dining halls.

Taylor sanderson /Guardian

The Marshall College 
Restaurant will return to 
a pay-per-item system in 
2013-2014.

The pilot program, now 
in its second quarter, 
provides assistance for 
students in all colleges.

Led by President Meggie 
Le, the new initiative 
seeks to spread awareness 
of TPS changes.

hOUSING  AND  DINING

OVT to End Buffet-
Style Dining Next Year

BY  m ekala  n eelakantan  
associate news editor

BY  h elen  h ej ran  
contributing writer

BY  SARAh  MOON  
Staff writer

readers can contact
MEKALA  NEELAKANTAN     MNEELAKA@ucsd.edu 

Writing 
Center 
Expands 
Operation

A.S. Council 
Launches 
Education 
Campaign

CAMPUS

TRANSPORTATION

Students requiring assistance with 
writing assignments can now seek 
help from peer mentors at the new, 
centralized UCSD Writing Center. 
The center opened at the begin-
ning of Fall Quarter 2012 in the 
Mandeville Center as a campuswide 
writing assistance outlet for students.

Last year, the Council of Provosts, 
consisting of academic leadership 
from all six colleges, decided to insti-
tute a campuswide service that could 
provide writing assistance for stu-

See CENTER, page 3

Members of A.S. Council are 
taking action to inform and involve 
UCSD students in their ongoing 
education campaign about recently 
announced changes to transporta-
tion services.

Last month, UCSD Transportation 
and Parking Services announced 
changes in transportation for the 
2013–2014 school year due to its bud-
get deficit, including the discontinua-
tion of the Nobel and Arriba shuttle 
services, which will be absorbed 
by MTS. Other changes include an 
increase in student parking permit 
prices and the dissolution of the free 
UCSD Bus Zone sticker.

A.S. Council’s recent efforts in 
its campaign against these chang-
es include a student transporta-
tion survey and presentations to 
31 student organizations. With over 
6,000 members, the student-run 
Facebook group “UCSD Students 
Against Transportation Changes” 
has allowed students to become 
involved and discuss solutions to 
the proposed changes.

A.S. President Meggie Le said she 
believes the biggest issue to address 
regarding the transportation system 
is its funding model. By presenting 
to student organizations and talking 
with students on Library Walk, Le 
plans to inform students about the 
model and the council’s plan to fix it.

“What it comes down to is the 
funding model and how unsustain-
able it is,” Lee said. “If we fix it, then 
we’ll be able to balance our transpor-
tation system.”

Members of A.S. Council will 
meet with Vice Chancellor Gary 
Matthews this Friday, Feb. 8, to 
discuss problems surrounding the 
funding model.

“A lot of it will be us pressur-
ing him [Matthews] to get his staff 
members to create this sustainable 
model,” Le said.

TPS is a completely self-support-
ed department without state funds 
or student fees for services. This year 
alone, TPS faces a $2.1 million deficit.

“The department works hard to 
provide innovative and sustainable 
commute options and support the 
overall effort to reduce the carbon 
footprint of the campus,” Director of 
Auxiliary Business Services Robert 
Holden said.

Holden says that the cost of subsi-
dizing 100 percent of the Bus Zone has 
surpassed incoming revenue to TPS.

See INITIATIVE, page 3

Spi r ited  away
spi r it  n i g ht  th is  fr i day



The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Bang with Friends.      

General Editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Christina Doo

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising 
Noelle Batema, Vivek Medepalli

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Bobee Kim, Rebecca Han, Katie Persons, Amber Shroyer

arielle sallai

Madeline Mann
ren ebel

Zev Hurwitz

rebecca Horwitz
Mekala neelakantan

Hilary lee

rachel Uda

ayan Kusari

stacey Chien

laira Martin

ashley Kwon

Jacey aldredge
andrew Whitworth

Brian Monroe

Taylor sanderson

sara shroyer

leo Bui
Zoë McCracken

Jeffrey lau

Janella Payumo

allie Kiekhofer

Claire yee

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

Associate Lifestyle Editor

Associate A&E Editors

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editors

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Editorial Assistants
Cedric Eicher, Jean Lee, Sebastian Brady

Copy Readers
Kim Brinckerhoff, Rachel Huang, Beca Truong

2 T H e  U C s d  G U a r d I a n  |  M o n d ay,  F e B r U a r y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C s d G U a r d I a n . o r G  N E W S

UCSD chemists have discovered 
that a meteorite sample recovered in 
Northern Africa is from Mars. The 
team was able to analyze the compo-
sition of the meteorite sample using 
isotope-ratio mass spectrometry. 

Dean of the Division of Physical 
Sciences and professor of chemistry 
and biochemistry Mark Thiemens, 
graduate student Morgan Nunn and 
Dr. Robina Shaheen worked with a 
team of scientists from the University 
of New Mexico and the Carnegie 
Institution of Washington to study 
the rocks. The samples were obtained 
from University of New Mexico mete-
orite curator Carl Agee.

The rock is one of 110 known 
meteorites from Mars and is from 
the recent geologic epoch on Mars 
called the Amazonian that occurred 
approximately 2.1 billion years ago. 

“This is the oldest meteorite from 
Mars ever,” Thiemens said. 

The particular rock sample was 

found to have nearly ten times the 
amount of water as other Martian 
rocks. Scientists said its composi-
tion of cemented fragments of basalt 
mixed with feldspar and pyroxene 
suggests it came from the Martian 
crust. Its unique composition also 
gives insight into the ancient sur-
face and environmental conditions 
on Mars.

The scientists used isotope-ratio 
mass spectrometry and UCSD-
developed technology to determine 
the composition of the sample. 
Isotopes are atoms with a different 
number of neutrons.

Thiemens and his lab heated the 
meteorite sample to release water, 
which is collected in a vacuum sys-
tem and then analyzed it using a mass 
spectrometer for isotopes.

The carbonates and sulfates 
released in water were then reacted 
with acids, which were also analyzed 
using a mass spectrometer for iso-
topes.

Comparing the isotopes of oxy-
gen, water, carbon dioxide and sul-

fates in the sample to known isotopes 
from other rocks from Mars and sam-
ples remotely collected by Mars rovers 
revealed characteristics unique to this 
particular rock.

“The interesting part is that the 
minerals have shown that [the rock] is 
unlike any other Martian sample ever 

measured,” Thiemens said. “Many of 
the theories about the history of Mars 
and its origin are [being] called into 
question now.”

Some theories being questioned 
are the origin of Martian water and 

Quite Frankly By Lior Schenk

rainy Fridays By Eunice Ho

UCSD Chemists Discover Meteorite Sample from Mars
SCIENCE  &  TEChNOLOGY

BY  SEAN  NAM  staff writer

See METEOR, page 3

snIGHdHa PaUl /Guardian



N E W S  T H e  U C s d  G U a r d I a n  |  M o n d ay,  F e B r U a r y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C s d G U a r d I a n . o r G  3

A.S. Council meetings just wouldn’t be complete with-out talk of fee increases, 
and last night was no exception. It’s 
beginning to wear on my soul.

Marina Garrett, represent-
ing Students Saving the Crafts 
Center, came 
back tonight to 
briefly comment 
on the UCAB 
referendum that 
will increase student fees to alle-
viate some of UCEN’s debt. She 
pointed out that the referendum’s 
language doesn’t actually guarantee 
any money will go to reopening 
the Crafts Center, and argued that 
students should know exactly what 
they’re getting for 
their money. Hey, 
there’s a thought.

VP Student 
Life Cody 
Marshall later 
added that the 
referendum has 
been changed 
from a $13 
increase to an 
$11 increase with 
3-percent CPI, 
as per the recommendation of the 
Graduate Student Association.

SOVAC also made an encore 
appearance to talk to council about 
a project in the works — Organized 
Voter Access Link, or OVAL — 
which will provide an anonymous, 
online outlet for the student body 
to weigh in on A.S. Council refer-
endums.

Campuswide Senator Matthew 
Mayeda and Co-Chair of the Well-
being Cluster Student Advisory 
Board Pauline Nuth concluded 
special presentations with a much-
anticipated overview of future 
changes to SHIP. Due to a complete 

clusterfuck in creating the under-
graduate health plan, students 
are now facing increased fees and 
potential cutbacks to temper the 
UC system’s $49 million debt.

Mayeda informed council that 
with a March 1 deadline to make 

a decision, the 
news of such an 
enormous deficit 
was shocking.

“This was a 
surprise,” Mayeda said. “This deficit 
is not the students’ fault, and we 
should not be responsible for it.”

We sicklings at UCSD accrued 
27 percent of the overall debt — 
the most, by far, of all the cam-
puses due to a benefits plan that 

was priced too 
low. Mayeda also 
reported that there 
are several options 
to reduce the debt, 
including one that 
makes each UC 
campus responsible 
for its percentage 
of the deficit.

Nuth and 
Mayeda will be 
back with more 

information at a future council 
meeting.

A.S. President Meggie Le report-
ed that she would post a petition to 
encourage ideas for the transporta-
tion issue. Transportation Services 
will also host a town hall meeting 
next Tuesday, with more informa-
tion to come.

AVP College Affairs Leonard 
Bobbitt provided a superb conclu-
sion to this column as he was dis-
cussing the potential complications 
of an event he is sponsoring.

“I don’t know how rain works,” 
he said. “It might rain tomorrow, 
too.”

UCEN Referendum Finalized; 
Council Talks SHIP Premiums

TPS conducted a survey during 
spring 2012 that sought input from 
students, faculty and staff regarding 
campus transportation services. Sixty-
five percent of the respondents pre-
ferred a solution that would replace 
the MTS and Bus Zone program with 
a user fee-based system.

“Transportation Services greatly 
values the input of UC San Diego stu-
dents,” Holden said. “The department 

believes that it is important to allow 
everyone on campus the opportunity 
to learn and share ideas about the 
planned transitions.”

TPS will hold a town hall forum 
on Feb. 12 at 3:30 p.m. in Price Center 
Theater to answer questions from stu-
dents and to discuss the proposed 
transit changes.

“They [TPS] have made a lot of 
admirable changes and cuts; I don’t 
think they’re out to be the bad guy,” Le 
said. “They’ve been trying for the past 

few years to make cuts that wouldn’t 
hugely affect us, but now they don’t 
know what else to do.”

A.S. Council plans to send out a 
petition this week to students that will 
be shown to Vice Chancellor Matthews 
to emphasize student involvement and 
passion toward the transit issues.

“My very, very last approach to this 
would be a protest,” Le said.

dents regardless of the college they 
belonged to. The Council of Provosts 
decided to launch a three-year pilot 
project in the new UCSD Writing 
Center. 

Previously, each college had its 
own writing assistance program. 
After the three-year pilot period, 
UCSD will decide if it will per-
manently provide funding for the 
Writing Center.

“We’ve been very successful so 
far. In Fall 2012, our first quarter 
of operation, we saw 844 different 
students for individual sessions and 
group workshops; many of them 

returned for multiple visits,” Dr. 
Madeleine Picciotto, director of the 
Writing Center, said. “Our level of 
busyness varies — we’ve been abso-
lutely packed at peak periods, but on 
most days students can still get same-
day appointments.”

There are currently 29 peer writ-
ing mentors from all six colleges 
working at the center. Peer mentors 
help students develop their papers at 
a variety of stages, from brainstorm-
ing ideas to revising rough drafts.

“The Writing Center is really 
helpful when I’m trying to get my 
ideas together — the tutors serve as 
a sounding board and help me make 
sense of my ideas,” freshman Priya 

Bisarya said.
Students may go to drop-in hours 

on Monday through Thursday from 
3:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m., Friday 1:30 
p.m. to 4 p.m., and Sunday 5 p.m. to 
8 p.m. Students may also enroll in a 
free 30-minute appointment or vari-
ous free writing workshops online

There are several program and 
course workshops currently available 
at the center. A workshop on commu-
nicating with professors and others in 
a university setting called “Academic 
Communication” is coming up on 
Feb. 28.

 

how the planet has changed over the 
past two billion years.

The discovery has raised discus-
sion and interest in the scientific com-
munity on the isotope measurements, 
as this is the first time these certain 
characteristics were present in a mete-
orite sample from Mars.  

Thiemens said the next step is to 

measure and compare another more 
recent meteorite sample. 

Last April 22, a 100,000-pound 
asteroid broke apart as it entered the 
atmosphere and flew over the Sierra 
Nevada mountain range. Scientists 
recovered 77 pieces near Sutter’s Mill, 
the site of the 1849 California Gold 
Rush. He described the sample to be 
analyzed as a “CM-type carbonaceous 
chondrite,” a rare pristine meteorite 

known to contain a rich mix of com-
plex organic compounds like amino 
acids.

“The evolution of these species 
traces the origin of Mars’ atmosphere, 
[which] is a critical part of under-
standing the [possibility] of life on 
Mars,” Thiemens said.

▶ INITIATIVE, from page 1

▶ CENTER, from page 1 

Transportation Services Will Hold Town Hall Forum Next Week

New Writing Center Assisted 844 Students in Fall Quarter

New Discovery is of  Oldest Meteorite Sample from Mars To Date

readers can contact
hELEN  hEJRAN     HHEJRAN@ucsd.edu 

▶ METEOR, from page 2

readers can contact
SEAN  NAM     SAN012@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
SARAh  MOON     SMOON@ucsd.edu aleksandra  konstantinovic 

AKONStA@ucsd.edu

new  business

This deficit is not 
the students’ fault, 
and we should not be 
responsible for it.”

- Matthew Mayeda
A.S. Campuswide Senator

“ 



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

As a fifth-year undergrad, I’ve seen our campus go from the UCAB free speech debate to 
the Compton Cookout to the CLICS’ 
reclamation and subsequent re-rec-
lamation. A week ago, our taxed A.S. 
president boldly declared that the 
raging transportation “crisis” could 
change “student life as we know it.” 
To be honest, it won’t. Rabble rousing 
may help a referendum pass, but it 
won’t stop mostly-palatable cuts from 
going into effect.

More than the service changes, the 
thing that has caught my attention 
was my expectation that A.S. Council 
would somehow avert the whole situ-
ation. After all, we’ve known for quite 
a while that Transportation Services 
has been slowly rolling toward a 
financial collapse. Twenty of our 28 
elected A.S. Council members were 
voted in on a slate platform centered 
on resolving the transportation issue. 
The real question is how and why 
the Facebook group “UCSD Students 
against Transportation Changes” still 
exploded to nearly 7,000 members. 
Presumably, there should never 
have been the need for the UCSD 
Guardian to run a front-page article 
titled “Protests on the Horizon.” 

My take is that despite lofty cam-
paign promises, Council often can’t 
live up to students’ expectations. 
Council can’t lower tuition, reinstate 
one-pass enrollment or bring back 
Tupac. Instead, council is only given 
voting power to amend internal 
bylaws, hire staff internally, pass 
budget allocations, put forward non-
binding statements, sign contracts 
and approve referendums. That’s not 
a trivial list, but with the way A.S. 
Council is situated within the univer-
sity’s bureaucracy, it can’t call most of 
the shots we wish it could.

In her campaign, our A.S. presi-
dent promised to “proactively” col-
lect student input to help resolve 
the transportation budget crisis 
with a student-friendly solution. Yet 
Transportation Services isn’t directly 
under A.S. Council’s control, so 
regardless of whom we elect to coun-
cil, Transportation Services is going 
to make its own decisions to sort 
out its budget — even if that means 
sparking student outrage. 

To be clear, I’m not conducting 
one of the many bands in the “A.S. 
sucks parade.” A.S. Council isn’t des-
tined to fail at doing what we elect 
it to do. Real impacts on student life 
can be made using A.S. Council, and 
changes made to improve the body 
are easily institutionalized. Hell, look 
at the potential from the Division-I 
vote Alyssa Wing brought forward. 
Yet what an A.S. candidate promises 
by no means implies they’ll succeed 
if they’re promising initiatives outside 
council’s control.

Our student body should be 
more skeptical of A.S. candidates 
with murky promises like political 
activism or a non-lame King Triton 
statue outside Price Center. The most 
substantial changes are only made 
by administration. But if someone is 
serious about reforming A.S. Council 
and streamlining the budget, he or 
she might actually have a shot of 
using the institution to be effective. 
Until election rhetoric is toned down 
— or until the administration returns 
services like transportation to student 
control — council will only serve to 
fuel student indignation at the uni-
versity. 

brad  segal jsegal@ucsd.eduBro's  eye  view

Rabble 
Rousing 
About the 
Shuttles

Editorials

Joining the Pr

Arielle Sallai
Editor in ChiEf

ren Ebel
Madeline Mann

MAnAging EditorS

hilary Lee
opinion Editor

Zev hurwitz
nEwS Editor

Editorial Board

the UCSd Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San diego. Contents © 

2012. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of regents, the aSUCSd or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

Council Needs to be More Expedient in Deliberations

Joining the Protest

The new pension plan going into effect this July will place an unfair financial burden on 
UC employees. As students who see the hard work of these workers firsthand, we should 

support workers in the protest.

United under the same mission, protests across all 10 UC campuses took place last week in objection to the proposed pay 
and pension changes for UC employees. While 
those at the top of the UC system will receive 
six-figure pensions, those at the bottom will now 
have to pay more of their salary to receive pover-
ty-level payments after retirement. The culprit? A 
need to generate $24 billion to fund the pension 
program. The UC system needs to crunch the 
numbers again to come up with a more sustain-
able and fair pension plan. 

The new UC pension reform plan was 
approved in 2010 and will go into effect this July. 
The plan requires that current workers contribute 
6.5 percent of their paycheck for each pay period, 

and new employees hired after July 1 contribute 7 
percent per paycheck. According to the AFSCME 
Local 3299 union, this will be the equivalent of 
a $2.70 per hour pay cut. Not only is this a large 
amount of money to take out of every paycheck, 
but this also won’t set UC employees up for a 
comfortable retirement. After working for the UC 
system for 20 years, the average worker receives 
a $19,000 pension annually. To put a further 
financial burden on workers is irresponsible, as 
it essentially passes off the UC system’s financial 
problems on those living paycheck-to-paycheck. 

With the UC system’s financial system in 
dire straits and enrollment rates steadily increas-

See PENSION, page 5

With election season under-way, A.S. Council needs to ensure that issues are dealt 
with in a timely manner. 

First things first: A.S. Council 
still has not voted on whether to put 
the University Centers’ referendum 
to raise student fees $13 per quarter 
on a ballot, even though they were 
supposed to last spring. Like many 
other campus institutions (shout out 
to Transportation Services), UCEN is 
in poor financial shape. Due to rising 
operational and maintenance costs, 
UCEN has already cut Price Center 
East’s hours to midnight from Fridays 
to Sundays, left many facilities vacant 
and closed the Crafts Center for the 
2012–2013 school year. A November 
2012 University Centers Advisory 
Board survey of 8,000 undergradu-
ate and graduate students found that 
most were in favor of raising student 
fees $13 per quarter to support the 
upkeep of UCEN. This beat out the 
option for further cutbacks to Price 
Center and Student Center with no 
fee increases.

Council is only being held back by 
having to negotiate with the Graduate 
Student Association over the refer-
endum’s wording. Council needs to 
set its foot down and not let GSA 

demand unfairly large concessions for 
grad students so that the UCEN ref-
erendum can stand a chance of being 
on the spring ballot. While getting it 
to a vote on the floor is important, 
Council also needs to go further 
and ensure that undergraduates will 
receive a good return for hiking up 
tuition. Concessions from UCEN 
should at least include giving their 
undergraduate advisory board more 
power, promising not to bring another 
referendum for a decade and guaran-
teeing that there is a 24-hour space 
in Price Center. If put on the ballot, 
students should vote in favor of the 
referendum because if UCEN doesn’t 
get additional funding, further cuts 
may include closing the Crafts Center 
permanently, shutting facilities over 
the weekends, taking away event and 
concert funding, decreasing the num-
ber of computers in computer labs 
and further delaying building mainte-
nance. Increased funding would not 
only help upkeep UCEN as it is now, 
it would also assist it in expansion.

Council also needs to be more 
proactive in reforming its slates. On 
Jan. 23, Campuswide Senator Brad 
Segal proposed an amendment to 
the election code that would separate 
college council elections from cam-

puswide elections. In the past decade, 
joint A.S. Council and college council 
slates, or superslates, have monopo-
lized elections: The bigger the slate, 
the higher its chance of winning. This 
is especially unfair to students who 
aren’t currently affiliated with A.S. 
but want to run, since they have no 
chance of putting together a slate that 
can compete with an A.S. Council 
insider’s superslate. TIDE, the elec-
tion slate that current A.S. President 
Meggie Le ran on last year, won 60 of 
the 92 positions that it campaigned 
for in part due to its sheer numbers — 
the more people on a slate, the more 
money it is allowed to spend. Reform 
is necessary to shift students’ focus 
more on the campaigners’ ideas and 
less on the name of the slate. 

Unfortunately, A.S. Council 
once more wasted time in enforcing 
change. While most councilmembers 
were on board with the proposal at 
first, many changed their minds after 
Campuswide Senator Caesar Feng 
suggested that it take effect for the 
upcoming election. Slate politics may 
have played a part, because many of 
the councilmembers who voted to 
table the amendment are running 
in the upcoming election and would 
have been negatively affected.

When both the UCEN referendum 
and slate reform are discussed again, 
A.S. Council should stop squander-
ing time and strive to make decisions 
efficiently.



o P i N i o N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  5

GEORGIA CAMPUS – PHILADELPHIA COLLEGE OF OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE

Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine's Doctor of Pharmacy program has been granted Candidate status by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education,
135 S. LaSalle Street, Suite 4100, Chicago, IL 60603-4810, 312/664-3575; FAX 312/664-4652, web site www.acpe-accredit.org. Please refer to the ACPE web site for a
full explanation of the accreditation process.

625 Old Peachtree Road NW • Suwanee, GA 30024 • 678.225.7500 • pcom.edu

We are still accepting applications for Fall 2013!
Gain the right combination of skills and knowledge to succeed in this 
ever-evolving, high-demand field. 

PCOM School of Pharmacy – Georgia Campus will be in 
Long Beach, California interviewing eligible applicants April 5th & 6th. 
Applicants must complete a PharmCAS application by March 1st and be selected 
by the admissions committee to be eligible to interview.

Contact us today at pharmdadmissons@pcom.edu for more information.

CONSIDERING A CAREER AS A PHARMACIST? 
NOW IS THE TIME TO APPLY.

Connect with us!

GAPCOM_UCSD_1_2013_Layout 1  1/28/13  10:00 AM  Page 1

halcyon days By Christie Yi lEttEr  to  thE  Editor

Dear Editor,
UCSD may well gloat over the sta-

tistics quoted in the UCSD Guardian 
(Feb. 4, 2013 issue) about its rank “in 
the top five nationwide” for under-
graduate applications. On average, 
in-state students applied to 3.8 UC 
campuses.  New York University — 
the private school that admits the 
most undergraduate students — has 
two early decision periods plus a 
regular admission period. According 
to Kiplinger’s best values in public 
colleges, UC Berkeley ranks eighth in 
terms of both in-state and out-of-state 
tuition (UCLA’s ranks are one-and-
a-half higher); UCSD ranks 10th for 
in-state students, while UC Santa 
Barbara, at 16th, ranks one place 
higher than UCSD for out-of-state 
students. 

University of Michigan at Ann 
Arbor ranks in the same range for 
value as both UCSD and UCSB. 
However, University of Virginia ranks 
2–4; and the College of William and 
Mary ranks 4–6.

The University of North Carolina 
remains at 1–2 for enduring value, 
according to Kiplinger.

A record-high 174,767 stu-
dents applied for admission to the 
University of California for fall 2013. 
All nine undergraduate UC campuses 
saw gains, ranging from an 8.1-per-
cent overall increase from last year at 
UC Berkeley to 14.8 percent at UC 
Santa Cruz. The number of transfer 
applications is essentially flat — at 
UCSD alone — down 1.2 percent 
from last year. 

Among California students who 
applied for admission as freshmen, 
UC campuses experienced an increase 
of 6.2 percent over last year, with the 
total number of applicants growing to 
99,129. All campuses saw gains, rang-
ing from 4.8 percent to 16.5 percent. 

There were also increases in the num-
bers of domestic non-resident (from 
19,128 to 21,970) and international 
(from 13,873 to 18,659) applicants for 
freshman admission. 

About one-half of the freshman 
class this year was filled through early 
admissions at Harvard, Princeton, 
Yale and Stanford. Plus, their fresh-
man classes are much smaller than 
flagship state universities such as 
UCLA.  

Still, the number of freshman 
applications at UCSD did increase to 
67,403 from 60,819 last year. While 
bested by UC Berkeley’s total of 
67,658 — the rate of increase from 
61,661 was somewhat less at Cal — 
(UCSD’s increase of 10.83 percent 
exceeds UC Berkeley’s 9.73-percent-
age increase by a flat 1.1). 

The previous surge in freshman 
applications at colleges and universi-
ties across the United States has gone 
missing. Here are the most impressive 
gains this season: Lehigh University 
(Pa.) to 12,548 from 11,543, Tufts 
University (Mass.) to 18,120 from 
16,378, University of Chicago (Ill.) 
to 30,369 from 25,307, University 
of Rochester (N.Y.) to 17,146 from 
15,847 and Vanderbilt University 
(Tenn.) to 30,870 from 28,348. And 
now for The Yield... drum roll ...Go 
Tritons!  Go Bears!   

— Richard Thompson
Alumnus ’83

▶ The Guardian welcomes letters from its readers. 
All letters must be addressed, and written, to 
the editor of the Guardian. Letters are limited 
to 500 words, and all letters must include the 
writer’s name, college and year (undergraduates), 
department (graduate students or professors) or 
city of residence (local residents). A maximum 
of three signatories per letter is permitted. The 
Guardian Editorial Board reserves the right to 
edit for length, accuracy, clarity and civility. The 
Editorial Board reserves the right to reject letters 
for publication. Due to the volume of mail we 
receive, we do not confirm receipt or publication 
of a letter.

email: opinion@ucsdguardian.org

UCSD Had Impressive 
Increase in Applications

UC System Must Prioritize Funding Toward Worker Pensions

ing, each campus has the smallest 
possible number of workers doing 
the maximum amount of work to 
ensure efficiency. This new pen-
sion plan puts additional pressure 
on the workers, which will likely 
lead to more turnover and general 
discontent on campuses. Many jobs 
on UC campuses are strenuous, 
and some even involve exposure 
to harmful chemicals due to the 
high level of sanitation needed in 
medical centers according to Marcos 
Jimenez, a union representative 
for the University Professional and 
Technical Employees Union. These 
employees need to be highly valued 
for their work, and increasing their 

pension payments only compounds 
the challenges of the jobs. 

Amid these protests, union lead-
ers have pointed to the high salaries 
and pensions of top UC execu-
tives. While UC President Mark G. 
Yudof, who will be stepping down 
in August, will receive an annual 
$230,000 pension, executives like 
him should not be painted as the 
enemy. This pension plan is set 
across the board, and it affects those 
with an average salary of $30,000 
the most because that group makes 
up the huge majority of the UC 
employees. According to UC spokes-
person Shelly Meron, a pension like 
Yudof ’s comprises less than half 
a percent of the expenses the UC 
retirement plan is slated to spend 

on benefits for current employees. 
These executive salaries are only a 
small part of the much bigger finan-
cial crisis that the UC system is in, 
and therefore, bigger reforms need 
to be made rather than slimming 
down executive pensions. 

The UC system must make it 
a priority to put funding towards 
worker pensions. As students who 
see the results of the work UC 
employees put into our campuses 
firsthand, it is important that we 
support those who make UCSD a 
functioning, thriving and enjoy-
able place to be. Those who feel 
strongly should support the protests 
and show appreciation to the UC 
employees who work so we can 
learn. 

▶ PENSION, from page 4



Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: Ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                 Lifestyle Editor: Laira Martin  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts  |  Food & drink  |  Living  |  FiLm & tv  |  music  |  things to do

Arts & Entertainment Editor: ren Ebel  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                  Lifestyle Editor: Laira martin  •   lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

Weekend
Arts   |   Food & drink   |   Living   |   FiLm  &  tv   |   music   |   things  to  do

Arts & Entertainment Editor  •  entertainment@ucsdguardian.org
                         Lifestyle Editor  •  lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

L ast quarter, UCSD students and faculty enlivened the Mandell Weiss Forum with their performance of “In the Red and Brown Water.” Young track star, Oya, named after the 
wind goddess, must choose whether to follow her dreams or care 
for her ailing mother. As she grapples with the consequences of 
her decision, her husband, Ogun, struggles with their relationship 
and Oya’s barrenness. But it is in “The Brothers Size” that the full 
scope of Ogun’s character is shown.

Tarell Alvin McCraney’s heralded “The Brothers Size” is a 
rhythmic exploration of the meaning of brotherhood and over-
coming adversity. Oshoosi Size has just been released from prison 
and now seeks out the guidance of his older brother, law-abiding 
car shop owner Ogun Size. The brothers’ bond is rivaled by the 
enigmatic, possibly homosexual romantic connection between 
Oshoosi and one of his old prison mates, Elegba, whose return 
appears to threaten Oshoosi’s chance at a new life (or newfound 
sexuality). “The Brothers Size” is the second work in McCraney’s 
“Brothers/Sisters” trilogy, which chronicles the lives and strug-
gles of young African-Americans living in the contemporary 
American South. 

Actor Joshua Elijah Reese, playing Ogun Size for the fourth 
time in his career, provided telling insight into the jazz play. 
According to Reese, Ogun exemplifies hope and love to his 
younger brother Oshoosi. The old trick of having the protago-
nist torn between the “good” and “bad,” represented by the two 
characters, is an overused but surefire way of creating conflict. 
Whether “Brothers” employs this successfully, and if it breathes 
new life into the “devil-on-my-shoulder” dilemma, remains to be 
seen. Interestingly, the characters’ names are borrowed from West 
African mythology. Elegba shares his name with the Yoruba god 
of doors and passageways, Ogun is the god of iron and Oshoosi 
derives from the hunter god. Adding to the African theme, pri-
mal drumming and other music is used throughout the play

The Guardian: How did you respond to the music, the drum-

ming and the dancing?
Joshua Reese: It’s very cool, because I’ve never been part of a 

production that had live accompaniment. So that extra energy on 
the stage is interesting to play off of because it’s unfolding right 
before your eyes every night, and there are some moments that 
are going to happen that are unexpected. Not only [am I] sharing 
that moment with the other two actors, but also with the drum-
mer, Jonathan Pratt — who is phenomenal, by the way. It’s just 
one of those things where we’re all listening to each other and 
we’re all feeding off of each other, and so that force on stage has 
been really unique.

Ripe with humor and pulse-pounding drumming, the play 
intends to incite energy. Reese has experienced audiences that 
laugh along with every joke as well as ones that aren’t amused. 
However, plays that deal with modern issues of homosexuality, 
African-American youth and poverty project a universal theme 
within a progressive context. The vehicle may have become more 
modern, but the message of togetherness is timeless. Reese also 
asserts the play’s value to younger audiences.

G: So would you say this play is for a younger crowd, then?
JR: Yes [laughs]. It definitely has some language to it, that’s 

for sure. But once you are able to sift through the language, you 
see this wonderful love story between two young guys who have 
been placed in extraordinary situations way too early in life, and 
so I think that a younger crowd would definitely benefit a lot 
from it, in terms of 14 or 15 years old on up. I think that there 
are some really interesting questions raised in this show that 
can maybe affect their lives and [help them] see things that they 
maybe would not have looked at in a certain way before.

G: So, the “Brothers/Sisters” plays borrow from West African 
mythology; how would you say that’s significant in a modern, 
Louisiana town setting?

Sweet Brother Size
BY  raqu el calderon  Staff writer
“The Brothers Size” 
actor Joshua Reese 

talks minimalism, music 
and West African gods. 

Redfish Bluefish: UCSD’s Beat Fleet
concert   preview

Stephen Schick’s percussion ensemble perform at Mandeville this Thursday, Feb. 6. 

See size, page 9

Jacques 
Tati’s 
Sound of  
Silence

There’s a period of time during my freshman year of college that I particularly attribute 
to my decision to change my major 
from Communication to Visual 
Arts. Every Thursday evening after 
our section meeting, I’d get high 
with my then-Arts & Entertainment 
editor Arielle, and we’d head to our 
one mandatory Comm film class 
to experience the next in a weekly 
lineup of miniature raptures. 

As unreceptive oafs scanned 
their Facebooks in the dark, I had 
my first encounter with Godard 
(“Weekend”), witnessed for the first 
time that inexplicable miracle at the 
center of “La Jetee” and bore the full-
on existential catharsis that is “The 
Passion of Joan of Arc.”

It was also during this time that I 
first saw Jacques Tati’s “Playtime.”

I wouldn’t necessarily go as far as 
UCSD’s celebrity filmmaker/alleged 
corporal punisher Jean-Pierre Gorin 
and call aspects of contemporary film 
theory — particularly the notion of 
“the gaze” in a feminist context — 
“pathetic,” but I have often been con-
fused by the way many of my peers 
read film. The focus always seems to 
fall almost exclusively on the content 
rather than the form, the on-screen 
action rather than the constructed 
illusion. I’ve often heard students dis-
miss a film simply because they didn’t 
like one of the characters — not the 
way in which these characters were 
developed by the style or narrative, 
but the characters themselves (as if 
they were real people that we had to 
grudgingly tolerate in order to enjoy 
the rest of the movie).   

I often connect this seeming dis-
interest in the visual construction, the 
sound and the edit to a change in the 
function of the moving image. I recall 
watching “The Office” with a friend 
back in high school who would always 
gossip about the characters as we were 
watching the show. Each time Steve 
Carell’s oblivious Michael Scott would 
do something poignantly immature 
or misogynistic, she’d turn to me and 
say something like, “Can you believe 
it? He would do that!” I thought this 
was totally weird, but I also began 
to realize that while I derived my 
pleasure from witnessing snappy 
and smart dialogue and phenomenal 
improv character acting, she was hav-

See Haunted, page 8

This Thursday, Feb. 7, UCSD contemporary percussion ensemble redfishbluefish are 
playing a free show at Mandeville 
Auditorium. Founded in 1991 
by UCSD professor Steve Schick, 
redfishbluefish is composed of 
UCSD graduate music majors. 

The Guardian recently spoke with 
Stephen Solook, one of the ensem-
ble’s members.

The concert this Thursday con-
sists of a performance of Gerard 
Grisey’s “Le Noir de l’Etoile,” a 
piece that involves six percussion-
ists playing from within the crowd. 
Solook, who claims that the piece 
is “one of the greatest works for 
percussion sextet,” says that the idea 
to perform ‘Le Noir de l’Etoile’ has 

been talked about for years here at 
UCSD, and I feel very honored to 
finally be able to play it with such 
great musicians in such a compel-
ling musical presentation.” The 
piece uses its unconventional per-
formance setup to examine pulsars, 
radio waves emitted by massive, 
disintegrating stars. “By placing 
the percussionists around the audi-
ence,” says Solook, “there becomes 
very trackable musical ideas that 

travel around the audience. This 
is just a representation of pulsars 
spinning.”

Don’t let that description intimi-
date you; Solook promises that “As 
part of the performance, there is 
some text that gives some informa-
tion about pulsars,” and that though 
“it is very difficult to be able to 
present this work in an ideal situa-
tion … we have done a fair amount 
of work to give an experience that is 

unique to live performance that one 
can not get from a recording.”

Redfishbluefish, for those unfa-
miliar with it, is an exceedingly suc-
cessful group. This is likely due to 
the fact that, according to Solook, 
“One of the biggest strengths of the 
ensemble is its ability to not only 
play on a high level, but also to con-
ceptualize works to a level very few 

BY  an d rew  wh itworth  
Associate A&E Editor

See redfisH, page 8

ren  ebel rebel@ucsd.eduthe  haunted  tape  deck



lifestyle T H U R S D AY,  F E B R U A R Y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N     7

UCSD has given us one more reason never to leave campus with the recent opening of Salon 101 last 
Tuesday in Price Center East. The salon 
is owned by husband and wife, Tony and 
Claude Azur, who also run another salon 
called “Salon de Claude” near Bernardo 
Village, San Diego. 

“There was much competition with 
other salons in the area,” Claude said. She 
attributes the Azurs’ success in gaining the 
contract with UCSD to their prior experi-
ence at Salon de Claude. 

It is clear that the salon is still rather 
new — there are no curtains in the room at 
the back, where intimate waxing takes place. 

“UCSD is a liberal place but perhaps not 
to that extent,” Claude said. 

Price Center East was the only designated 
area for a salon on campus, so Claude did the 
best she could with the area, using every struc-
ture — even setting up shelves with nail polish 
in between two large pillars.

There is an extensive array of services rang-
ing from haircuts, facials, waxings, pedicures 
and highlights for both men and women, and 
they will be adding more services. 

“I didn’t want the salon to be really cheap or 
really expensive,” Claude said. “I think it is very 
reasonable — it should do OK.”

The grand opening was buzzing with both 
male and female students who received tours 
of the salon, signed up for future appointments 
and entered into a raffle. 

The View 
From Up 
Here: A 
Trip North

The Home of the Beat Generation, the gay capital of America and the heart of 
the “Summer of Love.” It’s no wonder 
that from our first visit, we fell in love 
with San Francisco. We had heard 
Berkeley’s liberal atmosphere and vibe 
stands in direct contrast to UCSD’s 
pristine and modern environment, 
due to the richer history and culture 
that San Francisco offers in com-
parison to San Diego. We had heard 
a lot about the crazy extremism of 
Berkeley’s students, so we were excited 
to spend two nights in Berkeley’s big-
gest co-op, Cloyne. Home of the “hip-
ster,” “stoner” and new-age spiritualist 
(who tried to persuade us to come 
with her to a “cuddle-party.” 

For those of you who have never 
visited a co-op, it is a very eye-open-
ing experience. Cloyne has recently 
been under a lot of pressure from 
the press following a student heroin 
overdose — the student’s mother is 
currently suing the co-ops for their 
implicit involvement and lack of 
regulation. We felt intimidated as we 
approached the smokers outside wear-
ing fur coats, stroking their pet lizards 
and drinking beer out of glass jars. 
It is a peculiar squat. The walls are 
covered with murals, general words 
of “wisdom” and provocative graffiti. 
Completely student-run, it stands as 
a testament to the fact that most stu-
dents need to improve their cleaning 
techniques. 

We were lucky enough to witness 
the quarterly “room bids” ritual dur-
ing which new arrivals are asked to 
pair up, draw cards from a hat and bid 
for the remaining rooms in the house. 
There is a strong sense of hierarchy 
in Cloyne; the old “clones” undoubt-
edly run the show. We couldn’t help 
but feel compassion for those clueless 
newbies, dreading pulling the lowest 
card, in case they would be forced to 
live in a room called “The Bacon.” 
This four-man room houses the two 
top dogs in Cloyne, (also described as 
sociopaths and evil geniuses) and had 
two more spaces in the communal 
bed. Four boys in a bed and home to 
wildest parties, “The Bacon” is infa-
mous in Cloyne. Other rooms include 
“The Pharmacy” and “The Hotbox.” 

We met one resident who, after 
nearly burning down the whole 
wooden building due to a lit cigarette, 
was evicted. This was a rare case of 
authoritarian regulation in Cloyne, 
but she found a way to work the sys-
tem nonetheless. A true hipster, she 
now lives in a van she bought.

Perhaps a little skeptical to begin 
with, we were persuaded by Cloyne’s 
charms when cooking breakfast in the 
huge communal kitchen. Residents 
and guests can help themselves to any 
of the bountiful, organic food in the 
cupboards and walk-in fridges and 
freezers. Cooking is a bonding expe-
rience and some people even cook 
naked. Let us explain. Every Cloyne 
must spend a certain amount of hours 
working but if you do them in your 
birthday suit, this halves your shift. 

Coming back to I-House, we 
couldn’t help but comment on the cul-
tural differences between UCSD and 
UCB, as well as between San Diego 
and San Francisco. Clearly, the liberal 
atmosphere fosters liberal attitudes. 
Berkeley is a place so associated with 
the cultural revolution and breaking 
the “status-quo” that the free-minded 
people it attracts seem almost too des-
perate to continue to bring this heri-
tage alive. Maybe if we had gone to 
Berkeley, just like the friend we were 
visiting from home, we too may have 
had a “sexual revolution” and a crazy 
hallucinogenic spiritual awakening.

Schooled in Beauty

site  seen

Triton Enginering Student Council Date Auction

With the stress of midterms looming over your head, the realization that spring 
break is over a month away, and the 
fact that Coachella tickets are sold 
out already, there’s not much to look 
forward to during winter quarter. Not 
to mention that UCSD’s reputation for 
its lackluster dating scene has left you 
sexually frustrated. However, finding a 
date just got a lot easier.

The Triton Engineering Student 
Council will hold a date auction on 
Feb. 11 from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. The 
auction will be held in the Henry 
Booker Room inside of Jacobs Hall on 
Warren Mall. Proceeds from the event 
will benefit the San Diego Science 
Alliance charity, an organization 
started by scientist-turned-teacher Bill 
Bosworth in 1990. Bosworth’s goal 
was to spark interest for children in 
kindergarten through eighth grade 
to participate in math and science — 
through science fair presentations and 
experiments — before they entered 
high school.

Students have a choice to bid and 
win a date with any of 10 men and 10 
women. Admission is free and open 
to everyone, engineers or not. 

Anyone is also welcome to vol-
unteer to have themselves auctioned 
off for charity whether or not they 
are in TESC; applications are avail-
able on the TESC website, tesc.ucsd.
edu. Auctionees fill out a survey about 
their personal interests to better help 
bidders find a suitable match. The 
auctionee and the bidder will then 
plan their date together. 

TESC hopes that the participants 
will plan dates at local San Diego res-
taurants to support, independent busi-
nesses in the community. Do not go 
into the auction in the hopes of buy-
ing someone who will do your Math 
20C homework for the day. This year 
you can beat the winter quarter gloom 
by meeting new people and possibly 
finding a love connection, all while 
giving back to the San Diego Science 
Alliance.

BY n i ch ole  perri  staff writer

readers can contact
n i cho le  perri     nperri@ucsd.edu 

BY  Lara  Bu dge  Staff writer

prices
Salon 101 is located in Price Center East opposite the Loft.

$8 Neck trim

$15 Shampoo and scissor cut for men

$30 Shampoo and haircut for women

Coloring$65

$12 Manicure $25 Pedicure
$8-$65 Waxing

The Guardian got a chance to check out the new Salon 101 on campus. Here’s what we thought. 

See salon 101, page 8

lara budge  
mia fllorin-sefton 
lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

mind  the  gap

pHoTo BY BRIAN MoNRoE /Guardian



8    T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  F E B R U A R Y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

ing an experience more similar to a 
scandalous party with a group of close 
friends. 

“The Office” strikes me as a 
particularly good example because 
it’s representative of an almost style-
less style — the high-def, handheld 
aesthetic that has come to define a 
majority of movies and, maybe more 
importantly, television shows. When 
you remove or significantly downplay 

other fundamental elements of film-
making in favor of an as-close-to-real-
life illusion, the content (the dialogue, 
the character interactions, the story) 
becomes the only residual concern. 
Perhaps this kind of media has 
become so ubiquitous and expected 
that most people are less interested in 
how it’s made than they are in con-
suming more of it. 

But the best way to tell a story is 
with words — and while film may not 
always have the potential to do more 

than words, it certainly has the poten-
tial to do something entirely different.

“Playtime” accomplishes this to 
the 10th degree; often there are liter-
ally ten or more silent films going on 
at one time in the same frame. Tati 
develops the most elaborate collection 
of setup-releases crucial to silent film 
(bodies moving through and interact-
ing with Tati’s massive environment) 
and then leaves little else. There’s no 
protagonist, no real plot or conflict 
and the dialogue is extremely mini-
mal. By today’s standards, it sounds 
like an unwatchable film. 

Tati spent his ludicrously inflated 
budget not on A-list celebrities (for 
his purposes, this would’ve been 
pointless), but on his true stars of the 
film: the massive, vaguely sci-fi sets 
that personify Paris as some colorless 
future/parallel state. Here, he stages a 
city-scale dance — an elaborately cho-
reographed Rube Goldberg machine 
made of bodies and sets, which Tati 
sets off in the first few minutes — 
and then allows us to simply observe 
as it churns and shape-shifts over 
the course of a single day in the 
city. Depending on where you look, 
“Playtime” is at any moment slapstick 
or beautiful (usually both). What’s 
more is that Tati is always hyper-
aware of the fact that, while the advent 
of sound may not have ruined cine-
ma, as many purists claim, it certainly 
made things more complicated. So 
while “Playtime” operates much like 
a silent film, in the way Tati’s equally 
brilliant preceding masterpieces did, it 
is also completely reliant on sound to 
further play with our expectations and 
construct the fantasy world. Silence 
is replaced by the ceaseless drone of 
city sound, and the distinguishable 
sound effects that punctuate this 
chaos serve not to provide any specific 
message but rather to contribute to 
an atmosphere that — like the film’s 
iconic lobby computer — blinks and 
buzzes with the organized hysteria of 
a human nervous system.  

ensembles ever have the time to do. 
While some groups need years to be 
able to start to approach their rep-
ertoire beyond note accuracy, this 
ensemble consistently gets beyond 
that benchmark with both new and 
traditional works.” In recent years, 
redfishbluefish has premiered sev-
eral significant compositions, such 
as Roger Reynolds’ “Sanctuary” 
and James Dillon’s “Nine Rivers.” In 

addition, they’ve released recordings 
(including a 3-CD set celebrating 
the career of Iannis Xenakis), per-
formed pieces by Steve Reich and 
John Cage with Eighth Blackbird 
in New York City, and played at the 
John Cage Centennial Festival in 
Washington, DC. Their concert this 
Thursday is free to students and 
represents a wonderful opportunity 
to examine one of the finer groups 
in the world of contemporary classi-
cal percussion.

MOVE
UC San Diego

We invite the campus community 
to learn more about and 

participate in Transportation 
Services proposed transitions by 
attending a town hall meeting.  

Town Hall Meeting for Students
Tuesday, Feb. 12, 3:30–5 p.m.

Price Center Theater

Town Hall Meeting for 
Sta� & Faculty

Thursday, Feb. 21, 3:30–5 p.m.
Price Center Theater

Transportation Services Transitions
Town Hall Meetings

share your 
feedback
and ideas

moveucsandiego.ucsd.edu

Jacques Tati’s Adventurous Film Legacy Begs to Be Revisited

Mopey Glaswegians follow up their strong debut.

h ailing from Glasgow, Frightened Rabbit is prov-ing itself to be Death Cab for 
Cutie’s trans-Atlantic counterpart 
with its latest release “Pedestrian 
Verse.” Not unlike Ben Gibbard’s 
band’s darker explorations on 
“Narrow Stairs,” Frightened 
Rabbit’s album manages to achieve 
new lyrical and musical perspec-
tive. Just as its name suggests, 
“Pedestrian Verse” is an album 
depicting average — including (or 
especially) the most negative — 
aspects of day-to-day life. It is not 
solely a collection of songs, instead 
operating as a distinct narrative 
whole. 

Starting with the plain-
tive “Acts of Man,” the album 
begins with quieter, more reflec-
tive instrumental gestures. The 
album’s highlight is undoubtedly 
the cathartic, upbeat recent single 
“The Woodpile.” The following 

track, “Late March, Death March,” 
is surely its lyrical rival, a theo-
logically focused song that echoes 
the sincere folk-rock of Edward 
Sharpe. The remaining songs are 
bookended by two one-minute 
tracks — both entitled “Housing” 
— that add to the cohesiveness dis-
played by the album as a whole.

It is a difficult balance to strike 
between being both musically multi-
faceted and achieving a sense of 
voice in one album, but Frightened 
Rabbit has achieved just that in 
“Pedestrian Verse.” Though the 
album's arrangements are often 
forgettable, the songs themselves 
are song, and are likely to bring the 
band to a great audience. For now, 
though, you can catch the band sup-
porting the album at Solana Beach’s 
Belly Up Tavern on March 12.

— jacqueline  kim
contributing writer

"pedestrian  verse"
by  frightened  rabbit
Release Date February 2
6/10

Shoegaze titans return after more than two decades.

F irst things first: Let’s revel in the fact that this actually hap-pened. Until its abrupt unveil-
ing last Saturday on the band’s 
website, “m b v” was widely consid-
ered an elaborate inside joke by the 
group’s fans. My Bloody Valentine’s 
infamous leader Kevin Shields 
found himself pegged as the music 
industry’s most prolific wolf-crier 
as he made countless promises over 
the course of two decades while 
slaving away at the follow-up to 
the game-changing 1991 shoegaze 
masterpiece “Loveless.”

My Bloody Valentine don’t 
waste any time reminding listeners 
that they are, in fact, the origina-
tors of their genre of music. The 
visceral growl of Shields’ guitar on 
opener “she found now” references 
their instant classic “Sometimes” 
in a fashion that countless dream 
pop bands have attempted to emu-
late, with varying success, in the 

years since “Loveless.” Hauntingly 
familiar sounds are reexamined 
throughout the record, as illus-
trated by the signature swirling 
fuzz nosedives on “who sees you” 
and the unmistakable combination 
of Belinda Butcher’s penetrating 
whispers and lucidly melodic har-
monium on “new you.”

The last third of the album is 
particularly excellent, blending the 
unwavering intensity of their first 
LP “Isn’t Anything” and the cerebral 
euphoria of “Loveless” faultlessly. 
The sharp-yet-sweet “in another 
way” and the throbbing interlude 
“nothing is” lead into closing track 
“wonder 2.” That track’s uncanny 
break-beat explorations, bewildering 
devolutions and subsequent upheav-
als operate concurrently as a deft 
update of the band’s sound.

— taylor  hogshead
Senior staff writer

"m  b  v"
by  my  bloody  valentine
Release Date February 4
8/10

ALBum  reviews

▶ Haunted, from page 8

Stephen Solook Talks Upcoming Releases
▶ redfisH, from page 6

A&e



lifestyle W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  |  T H U R S D AY,  F E B R U A R Y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N     9

JR: I would say it’s significant 
because the mythology builds with 
the gods and the goddesses, and the 
thing about playing a god is that it 
is very, very, very, very hard … The 
thing that one must do in order to 
be successful and for it to engage the 
audience is to approach it from the 
most human emotional standpoint, 
the most universal standpoint, and 
that is what all the gods present any-
way … the story lies [in] that you 
have these gods, but they have ordi-
nary character traits, ordinary human 
emotions and … you’ll see the gods 
blow through that in the show when 
we deal with the extraordinary cir-
cumstances that we go through. I 
think Ok [Okieriete Onaodowan] 
and Antwayn [Hooper, who plays 
Elegba] do beautiful work onstage, 
and it is easy to feed off of that, and 
that is what gives me the strength 
that Ogun, the warrior god, pos-
sesses — just being present with the 
other gods, just doing fantastic work 
onstage.

G: Speaking of how you work 
with the other actors, this play is very 
minimalistic in nature, as are the 
other “Brothers/Sisters” plays — so 
how do you approach that as an actor 
with only yourself to bring this out?

JR: [I] just rely on all the tools 
that I have been able to acquire as an 
actor, using my body as an instru-
ment, whether it [is] physical or vocal 
or emoting on stage … [With] very 
little props, very little set, you have to 
be able to still tell a full and complex 
story, so you basically just rely on 
tools you have acquired from actu-
ally being out there, doing it and just 
listening. That’s the biggest tool that I 
utilize — just listening to what is hap-
pening, whether it is from the other 
actors onstage, whether it is from an 
audience member opening a piece of 
candy, answering a telephone call — 
hopefully, that doesn’t happen — but 
you have to just listen and be present 
in each moment onstage.

The deliberate minimalism that 
“The Brothers Size” exhibits appears 
to be even more engaging. Without 
elaborate scenery, the audience will 

have to imagine the car Ogun is 
working on and the doors the char-
acters open just like the actors must, 
placing both parties in the same posi-
tion of having to construct the story’s 
context, and thereby uniting them in 
the practice.

G: It sounds like there are a lot of 
elements to this play, and it sounds 
like it’s always moving and very 
dynamic.

JR: Yes, but even though that 
dynamic is there in terms of the 
intensity of the show, it is also very 
specific to a certain realm — a cer-
tain world, if you will — and from 
that specificity comes this universal 
story that everybody can relate to. 
There are some wonderfully touching 
moments. There are some humor-
ous moments; it is all live, so I think 
that it is so unique, because there are 
very few shows that show three black 
men on stage trying to find ways to 
communicate with each other and 
love each other. There are very few 
shows that have such a cast and such 
a dynamic as that without any female 
characters; [“The Brothers Size” has] 

just three masculine guys, but you’re 
still getting such a wide range of emo-
tion from the whole performance.

G: Would you recommend we 
playgoers see “In the Red and Brown 
Water” and “Marcus; or the Secret 
of Sweet,” the other plays in the 
“Brothers/Sisters” plays trilogy?

JR: I would definitely recommend 
it, but it is not “required.” These plays 
… are standalone pieces. They are 
great evenings of theater all within 
their own right.

Much praise has been poured on 
McCraney and his plays, which focus 
on community and personal devel-
opment among African-Americans 
and homosexuals, two groups that 
continue to be marginalized in the 
present day U.S. McCraney has trans-
posed West African mythology into 
a modern context, proving that even 
though stories may pass through dif-
ferent voices, different gestures and 
different sounds, good storytelling is 
timeless.

 Catch “The Brothers Size” at the 
Old Globe Theatre until Feb. 24.

WELCOME PREUSS SCHOOL STUDENTS!

JACK
  quartet

special deanʼs night     
division of arts & humanities

FREE admission   

february 13, 2013
7 pm

conrad prebys 
music center
uc san diego

compositions by          
ucsdʼs roger reynolds and lei liang

+ ligeti, webern, sciarrino      

UC SAN DIEGO / DIVISION OF ARTS AND HUMANITIES
dah.ucsd.edu

hAvE A drink on us

DragonDropTInI
The Guardian asked 

bartender gaby from 
r-gang Eatery in Hillcrest 
to recommend a fun drink 
for college students. This is 

her choice:

Dragondrop Tini embodies 
a tropical flavor without 
being overly sweet. and 

regardless if you’re a fan of 
fruity mixed drinks or not, 

try this recipe at home, and 
see why customers rave 

about this signature r-gang 
drink.

IngrEDIEnTs

2 ounces skye Dragon
Berry Vodka

1/2 ounce simple syrup
a squeeze of lemon juice
a squeeze of lime juice

2 ounces pineapple juice

shake it all together, and 
pour into a sugar rimmed 
martini glass. Don’t have 

Dragon Berry Vodka? gaby 
says you can switch it up 

with other kinds of vodka; 
the result will be still 

delicious.

— adrienne Foley
Contributing writer

Having spent my last class picking 
split ends, I jumped on the band-
wagon and booked a “shampoo, cut 
+ blowdry” for the discounted price 
of $32 (usual price $40) for the fol-
lowing day. My friendly hair stylist, 
Lauren Champion, was very chatty 
and accommodating to my long locks. 
According to Claude, the salon 
employs 14 stylists and is looking to 
take on more. None of them knew 
each other, an idea which “allows a 
clean slate,” Champion said. I was cap-
tivated by Lauren’s blow-drying skills, 

which involved endless flicking of 
round brushes, spraying a plethora of 
products on my head and having me 
slouch down in my chair due to the 
added challenge of my height and my 
hair combined. Lauren is often asked 
how she tones her arms, and she just 
replies: blow-drying. I can see why. 

Student reaction to the opening of 
the salon has been mixed. 

“I think it’s a little pricey, but it’s 
a brilliant idea that helps those out 
on campus who don’t have a car,” 
Roosevelt College sophomore Vivahni 
Shashtry said.

On the one hand, the convenience 

of the salon is undeniable, and the 
location is perfect, but perhaps it 
merely encourages the idea of the cam-
pus bubble for the laziest among us. 

“I get to be lazy and get my hair 
done between classes,” Muir College 
junior Jasmine Chu said. 

But others did not see the future as 
bright for the salon. 

“Students at UCSD aren’t rich to 
begin with,” an anonymous student 
said. “It’s not going to go well.” 

Other students are angry that there 
is even a salon on campus when other 
places have been shut down — such as 
the crafts center — and been replaced 

with private businesses, turning UCSD 
into a private university with a public 
name. 

If you can afford it, or simply want 
to treat yourself to a haircut, pedicure 
or an array of bodily waxes between 
classes, Salon 101 may be a good 
option. 

“As long as they can do my corn-
rows, I’m down for it,” Warren College 
senior Tracy Brittner said. Perhaps 
Claude needs to think about adding 
this to her repertoire.

The Priciness of  Salon 101 is Outweighed by Convenience and the Array of  Services
▶ salon 101, from page 7

readers can contact
Lara  Bu dge    Lbudge@ucsd.edu 

Actor Joshua Reese Chats About West African Mythology in ‘The Brothers Size’
▶ size, from page 6



10 THE UCSD GUARDIAN |  THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7,  2013 |  www.UCSDGUARDIAN.oRG

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds Complete the grid soeach row, column and3-by-3 box (in bold

borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

MORE THAN A T-SHIRT

your outlet to campus culture.

Triton Outfitters, owned an operated by the Associated Students, sells apparel and merchandise 
that relates to the various aspects of student life on campus. Started in 2010, Triton Outfitters has 
already become a main fixture on campus and has seamlessly integrated in student’s everyday 
lives. Look for the teal canopy on Library Walk from 10am-3pm. New items arriving soon!

#triton

Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

Housing
2 UCSD students seeking 1 housemate - $700 - 
My friend and I are both UCSD students in search 
of a housemate to start a year lease on August 
1st. She and I are both very clean, considerate, 
easy-going and quiet and would like a similar 
kind of housemate. We are looking for a third 
person in order to offset the cost of living in UTC/
La Jolla area. We have not yet found a place but 
would be looking for 3 bedroom places near 
UCSD. Please let me know if you’re interested! 
Listing ID: 48463062

FEMALE Roommate Wanted! Rent is $353.34 a 
month plus utilities. Apartment is located within 
easy walking distance to Arriba and Nobel shuttle 
stops and La Jolla Village Square shopping cen-
ter, and has its own washer and dryer. Room 
comes with adjacent bathroom. Room has walk-
in closet and small balcony. Apartment complex 

CHANGE THE WORLD FROM HERE

Master’s Program in Economics
Advanced training in economics in the heart of 
the West Coast’s financial center for banking, 
investment and wealth management, and a host of 
other industries.   

Visit our Master’s programs at www.usfca.edu/asgrad
Contact us at 415.422.5101 or asgraduate@usfca.edu

THE WORLD
NEEDS

GOOD ECONOMISTS

ANALYTICS  |  ASIA PACIFIC STUDIES  |  BIOLOGY  |  WRITING 
CHEMISTRY  |  BIOTECHNOLOGY  |  COMPUTER SCIENCE 
SPORT MGT  |  ECONOMICS  |  DEVELOPMENT ECONOMICS  
ENVIRONMENTAL MGT  |  INTERNATIONAL STUDIES
MUSEUM STUDIES  |  PUBLIC AFFAIRS  |  WEB SCIENCE

has heated pool, hot tub, and business center (all 
of which are free for residents) and a clubhouse. 
Quiet neighborhood. No pets and no smoking 
please. Listing ID: 47506608 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information 

Room for rent -- move in at the beginning of 
April - 1 bedroom for rent in three bedroom 
townhouse. As little as $600 per month. Laundry 
included in unit. Dishwasher, front and back 
patio, walking distance to San Diego State, 
peaceful location. Dogs and cats are welcome! 
0.5 miles from SDSU. Very laid back and clean 
roommates. Listing ID: 48364055 

$440- Share a master at Costa Verde Apts- Female 
Sublet - $440 - Looking for a female sublet who 
would like to take my spot at Costa Verde Apts. 
for summer session 1. I will include the bills with 
the rent, so you only have to worry for one pay-
ment. You will share the Master double with a girl 
who is coming back until July 13. You can move in 

asap with no additional cost, i already moved my 
stuff out.. You will have a parking space and the 
room is furnished with a bed, a desk and a chair. if 
you would like to bring your stuff i can also move 
out my stuff. Contact me if you would like more 
info. Listing ID: 48520813

JoBs
Marketing and Communications Intern - Provides 
administrative and project management sup-
port to the Manager of Marketing. Primary 
responsibilities would be supporting marketing 
initiatives, communications and social media. 
Responsibilities will include research, collateral 
development and writing content for the web-
site and other communication materials. This 
person will be accountable for marketing sup-
port in all areas of the department. Essential 
Duties and Responsibilities: Weekly web site and 
social media updates. Development and main-
tenance of media lists. Design and Distribution 
of Marketing Collateral. Provide administra-
tive assistance to the Manager of Marketing. 
REQUIREMENTS: Currently enrolled as an under-
graduate (or recently graduated). Candidate must 
exude professionalism. Education in business, 
marketing, public relations, communications or 
related field. Excellent interpersonal communica-
tion skills. Excellent research skills. College Credit 
is available. Listing ID: 48463959

Event Support Intern - The Child Abuse 
Prevention Center is seeking a highly motivated, 
self-starting energetic student to assist 10-20 
hours per week with the planning of multiple 
non-profit events in the Spring and Summer 
of 2012. The Events Intern will directly support 
staff and gain valuable skills while assisting with 
communications/public relations, event plan-
ning, corporate research and volunteer outreach. 
This unpaid internship can provide school credit, 
portfolio building experience, a flexible schedule 
and valuable experience in the non-profit sector. 
Listing ID: 48463038

Pasadena Magazine - Sales and Advertising 
Internship Want to join a luxury lifestyle maga-
zine? Ready to start your career? Looking for a 
foot in the door? Then we have the internship 
for you! Pasadena Magazine is now accepting 
resumes for its unpaid Sales and Advertising 
Internship (3 month minimum commitment, 
15 hrs a week). Learn more about Pasadena 
Magazine - Sales and Advertising Internship or 
APPLY at internqueen.com Listing ID: 48364230

sERViCEs
DUI? Let US help You! Have a DUI problem thats 
been keeping you from having the life you 
desire? !!! DUI problem? SAVE YOUR LICENSE 
WE Can HELP! DMV gives you only 10 days to 
respond! CALL NOW! Let A1 Legal Services and 
Mediation Centers help YOU TODAY!- Call 1-619-
338-9955 x5 or NATIONWIDE 1-855-411-2643 x5 
and the kittens are too active to be around her. 
The torttie is a girl and the orange tabby is a boy. 
Both older kittens around 5 or 6 months. They 
need a home asap! Call Gail @ 858 414 8656. 
Listing ID:  47822655 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  11

After a patchy start to the sea-
son, the UCSD Women’s Basketball 
team has put together its fifth 
straight win. The Tritons took a 
63–52 win over CSU Dominguez 
Hills last Friday, Feb. 1 and topped 
CSU Los Angeles the following day. 
    On Friday, the Tritons won against 
CSU Dominguez Hills on the backs 
of UCSD’s Big Three: senior guards 
Daisy Feder and Emily Osga and 
junior forward Erin Dautremont. 

Dautremont led the Tritons in 
the attack, finishing with 18 points, 
going 8-for-11 from the field and 
2-for-3 from behind the arc. Osga 
recorded 16 points on top of four 
assists, while Feder, who struggled 
with her shot last Friday, going 
3-for-22 from the field, was able to 
contribute eight rebounds and five 
assists.

UCSD led for the majority of the 
game against the Toros (6–8 in the 
CCAA), but loosened the reins only 
briefly midway into the second half.

“For 40 minutes, we were very 
competitive, and we had a lot of 
poise,” UCSD Head Coach Heidi 
VanEerveer said to the UCSD 
Athletics Department. “We made 

big plays both offensively and defen-
sively down the stretch. We got big 
shots from Erin Dautremont, and 
Megan Perry did an excellent job on 
defense.”

Jockeying for position at the top 
of the table, the Tritons took a cru-
cial win from CSU Los Angeles, 
solidifying UCSD’s second place 
rank and pushing the Golden Eagles 
down to fourth place.

Osga — named the CCAA Player 
of the Week — recorded a career-
high 28 points to lead UCSD to the 
win. 

The senior went a stellar 6-for-
9 from behind the arc, along with 
seven rebounds and five assists.

“It was cool to score a career high 
against [CSU Los Angeles], but the 
more important thing was that we 
got the win,” Osga said

Starting point guard Miranda 
Seto put away 11 points, in just 
her third conference performance 
recording in double digits.

“[Seto] got us going by push-
ing and getting different people 
involved,” VanDerveer said. “When 
she’s aggressive, which she was, she 
really sets the table for our shooters.”

The Tritons never relinquished 
the lead to the Golden Eagles during 

the game, stretching the lead to as 
many as 20 points in the second half.

The win marks UCSD’s fifth 
straight win, as well as its third 
straight game winning in double 
digits. Now that UCSD (11–3) has 
the luxury of playing six of its last 
eight games at home, just one game 
behind, it will look to challenge 
Chico State for the No. 1 rank.  

“I think lately, we’ve been able to 
get more in a rhythm,” Osga said. 
“We can still pick up the pace a lot 
more and run the floor by getting 
rebounds and transitioning.”

The Tritons will face Humboldt 
State (5–9) this Friday, Feb. 8 at 
home on Spirit Night. The last time 
the two teams faced off, UCSD came 
away with a 71–54 win. The fol-
lowing day, UCSD faces Cal Poly 
Pomona, when it can expect a 
much tougher battle against the 9–5 
Broncos.

“We’re so excited to be back 
home after three weeks away and 
we’re hoping to keep our winning 
streak going,” Osga said. “We’re 
really looking forward to playing at 
home, especially for Spirit Night.”

Make 
Your 
Summer 
Count

USC Marshall School of Business intensive 4-week 
Summer Business Program gives students an 
edge in today’s competitive job market.

Open to non-business majors only: recent 
graduates or college juniors and seniors

Taught by faculty from the internationally ranked 
USC Marshall School of Business

Study business principles in 5 key areas: 
leadership & communication, strategy & 
organization, finance & managerial accounting, 
marketing, and operations

(213) 740-8990

summerprogram@marshall.usc.edu

marshall.usc.edu/summer

APPLY NOW!
SESSION DATES:
July 8 - August 2

Four-Week Business Program 
Just for Non-Business Majors

Tritons Return to RIMAC this FridayWOMEN'S  BASKETBALL
Tritons Jump to Second Place in CCAA

output of the season. The Triton 
zone limited Cal State Los Angeles’ 
top-scorer James Tillman to just 
five points — 10.5 points below his 
season average.

“We had a fantastic collective 
effort this evening,” UCSD head 
coach Chris Carlson said to the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “Our 
group did a marvelous job in the 
zone and making adjustments all 
night.”

In the same way that Porter came 
up big against the Toros, freshman 
guard Hunter Walker had a big 
night against the Golden Eagles. 

Walker scored 14 points, going 
3-for-5 from the three-point line. 
McGrath — UCSD’s top scorer — 
finished with 12 points and three 
rebounds, while in the paint, Porter 
picked up eight points along with 
nine rebounds.

“[Cal State Los Angeles] has a 
lot of talent inside. And so what we 
tried to do was play man on the miss 
and zone on the make,” McGrath 
said. “It was really a defensive bat-
tle, and it was a good call by the 
coaches to switch up the defense. 
Porter played great defense, and 
held the second-best shot-blocker 
in the nation to under his season 
average. And Hunter coming off the 
bench and giving us that spark just 
really gave us what we needed to get 
the win.”

Of the 12-team conference, the 
Tritons are currently tied for fourth 
place, with a 7–7 CCAA record. 

UCSD is tied with Chico State 
and Cal State Los Angeles, although 
with both teams performing poorly 
as of late, the Tritons may have a 
chance to piggyback their way up 
through the standings, particularly 
with the schedule they’ve been dealt 
to end the season.

“The younger guys have started 
to figure things out, and they’ve 
really started to step up,” McGrath 
said. “But sometimes things just 
take time. We’re peaking late, and 
we all kind of felt it going into the 
season when we were losing the 
close games. It’s hard to point to 
any one thing that we’ve done to get 
the results that we have, other than 
being focused, coming to work every 
day and listening to the coaches.”

The Tritons will play six of their 
last eight games at home. 

This Friday, UCSD will host 
Humboldt State at 7:30 p.m. for 
Spirit Night. The following day, 
UCSD will face No. 4 nationally 
ranked Cal Poly Pomona (13–1 in 
CCAA, 17–1 overall).

“We’re really looking forward to 
coming home, and we’ll really need 
the crowd to be loud for us on 
Friday,” McGrath said. “Humboldt’s 
a good team and we’ll need the 
help.”

readers can contact
readers can contact

RACH EL U DA     ruda@ucsd.edu 
RACH EL U DA   RUDA@ucsd.edu 

BY RACH EL  U DA  SPORTS EDITOR

Osga scores career-high 28 points in the Tritons’ fifth straight CCAA conference 
win. UCSD will face Humboldt State this Friday, Feb. 8 for Spirit Night.

▶ MEN’S BASKETBALL, from page 12



SPORTS contact the editorRACHEL  UDA
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  F e B R U A R Y  7 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  

sports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 

The Tritons broke even this 
weekend, with two more wins on 
the road. 

UCSD beat Cal State Dominguez 
Hills 69–62 last Friday, Feb. 1 and 
took another win against Cal State 
Los Angeles the following day.

On Friday, five different Tritons 
finished in double digits to take 
a well-deserved win. Junior point 
guard James McCann finished with 

16 points, while sophomore forward 
Colin Porter recorded a double-
double. 

Porter, filling a hole in the start-
ing lineup since senior forward 
Justin Brue has been out with an 
injury, picked up 12 points and 
nabbed 10 rebounds. But in his 
third game back, Brue came up big, 
scoring 15 points on top of two 
blocks.

“Porter has been working real-
ly hard for the past four seasons, 
and he played great in both games 

last weekend,” senior guard Tyler 
McGrath said. “Without him, I 
don’t see us winning either of those 
games.”

Down by two points at the begin-
ning of the half, UCSD went on a 
9–0 run to start the second half and 
cement the win. 

On Saturday, UCSD upset Cal 
State Los Angeles, beating the 
fourth-ranked team 50–34 — the 
Golden Eagles’ lowest conference 

BASEBALL

No. 23 Tritons 
Take the Field

GAME  2  -  UCSD 2,  COLORADO  MESA 5

GAME  1  -  UCSD  6,  COLORADO  MESA 2
GAME  1  -  UCSD  6,  COLORADO  MESA 2

The No. 23 nationally-ranked UCSD baseball team opened up its 2013 season with a series win over No. 20 Colorado Mesa University this past weekend. 
UCSD opened up the series with a win on Friday, but had to 
bounce back from a loss on Saturday to take the final game 
and the series on Sunday. 

“We overcame adversity, and that was kind of good to see. 
It was fun to see our guys compete,” UCSD head coach Eric 

Newman said. 
The series win is another positive step to begin the season 

for the Tritons, who went 2–1 in their exhibition games this 
preseason. 

“It’s definitely a great win for the team. We’ve been work-
ing so hard all fall and coming into this new year,” senior 
first-baseman Richard Seigel said. “To get this [series] win 
over a team who is ranked ahead of us, that was just huge.”

The second game of the series was primarily a pitching duel, and was closely 
contended until late in the game. For the Tritons, sophomore starter Dan Kolodin 
battled through early adversity and kept his team close, going four innings while 
only giving up one unearned run. Colorado Mesa was carried behind the strength 
of their starter, Matt Williams, who pitched six innings, only surrendering two runs 
and striking out seven.  

Justin Rahn again played solidly, pitching two scoreless relief innings and also 
homering in the sixth to give his team the temporary lead. Rahn finished the series 
8-for-14 overall for an impressive start to his season.

The Tritons let the game slip away in the eighth, as Colorado Mesa second base-
man Braden Box tripled to score a run and a perfect RBI squeeze bunt was laid 
down by outfielder Austin Kaiser. Tritons pitcher Scott Zeman balked in the third 
run of the inning, and that score held for Colorado Mesa, 5–2.

Junior Mya Romero doubled for three 
RBI, putting UCSD up 4–0 at the start of 
the game. 

UCSD picked another two runs in the 
bottom of the third as Brown doubled. 
With Brown on third and Sepulveda on 
second, junior Dyanna Imoto singled to 
left field to score two runners. 

Evola came up big for Western Oregon 
again in the fifth inning, scoring two run-
ners on a double to right field, but UCSD 
sophomore right-hander Kayla Hensel did 
well to limit the Wolves offense. 

The Triton starter went six innings, 
allowing just five hits and recording four 
strikeouts en route. Edwards brought in to 
finish, giving up just one hit in the seventh.

Player
SUSDORF, Danny cf
WIRTA, Corbin rf
RAHN, Justin lf
LA FACE, Nick dh
SEIGEL, Richard 1b
TUCK, Garrett 3b/2b
MOYER, Dillon ss
LEVY, Brett c
CRUZ, Troy 2b/p

Totals

GOODBRAND, Ryan rhp
CRUZ, Troy rhp

ab
4
2
5
2
4
3
4
1
2

28
ip
5.0
1.0

r
2
1
0
0
0
0
0
1
2

6
h
3
3

h
2
1
3
0
0
0
1
0
0

7
r
0
2

rbi
0
1
2
0
0
1
0
0
0

4
bb
0
0

bb
1
0
0
2
0
0
0
1
2

6
so
3
1

Player
SUSDORF, Danny cf
WIRTA, Corbin rf
RAHN, Justin lf
LA FACE, Nick dh
SEIGEL, Richard 1b
TUCK, Garrett 3b
MOSSHOLDER, James lf
MOYER, Dillon ss
CRUZ, Troy 2b

Totals

KOLODIN, Dan lhp
RAHN, Justin lhp

ab
5
3
4
2
3
4
4
3
3

31
ip
4.0
2.0

r
0
0
1
0
0
1
1
0
0

2
h
5
0

h
2
1
2
0
0
1
1
1
0

7
r
1
0

rbi
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0

1
bb
2
1

bb
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
1

2
so
3
1

Player
SUSDORF, Danny cf
WIRTA, Corbin rf
RAHN, Justin lf
LA FACE, Nick dh
SEIGEL, Richard 1b
TUCK, Garrett 3b/2b
MOYER, Dillon ss
LEVY, Brett c
CRUZ, Troy 2b/p

Totals

GOODBRAND, Ryan rhp
CRUZ, Troy rhp

ab
5
4
5
4
5
5
4
2
0

32
ip
5.0
1 

r
0
0
1
0
2
1
2
1
1

7
h
6
2

h
1
1
3
1
3
4
1
0
2

8
r
2
0

rbi
1
1
1
1
1
1
0
1
1

7
bb
1
0

bb
0
1
0
1
0
0
1
1
0

3
so
2
0

GAME  3  -  UCSD  8,  COLORADO  MESA 4

The Tritons took the final game of the series 
Sunday behind an offensive outburst. UCSD struck 
first in the bottom of the fourth, scoring three runs 
and didn’t relent for the remainder, scoring in the 
next four innings.

Starting pitcher Trevor Scott went five innings, 
allowing two earned runs, but had plenty of support 
from his lineup, as the Tritons answered every run 
put on the board.

Freshman second-baseman Troy Cruz picked 
up his first collegiate hit on Sunday, going 2-for-3 
with an RBI. Junior third-baseman Garrett Tuck 
went 4-for-5 in the game, adding an RBI and a run 
scored. Seigel missed the cycle by a single, going 
3-for-5 with a home run in the fifth inning and add-
ing two runs scored. 

The Tritons will now set their sights on another 
non-conference team, Grand Canyon University. 

“From what I hear, they have a lot of good play-
ers. They’re well coached, they’ll pitch well, [and] 
they’ll play good defense,” Newman said. “We’ll 
come out and try to have a good week of practice to 
prepare for that.” 

BY  MATT SMITH    ConTRIBUTING WRITER 
PHOTOS   by  nOLAN  THOMAS AN D  BEATRIZ  BAJU ELOS

GAME  2  -  UCSD 2,  COLORADO  MESA 5

GAME  3  -  UCSD  8,  COLORADO  MESA 4

Basketball Wins Third Straight Game
Tritons end six-game road trip with wins against CSULA and CSUDH.

MEN'S  BASKETBALL

See MEN’S BASKETBALL, page 11

BY  RACH EL  U DA  Sports editor

phoTo BY NoLAN ThoMAS /Guardian FiLE


	020713News
	020713Opinion
	020713Weekend
	020713_Classifieds_PG10
	020713Sports

