
Linguists  on  set uCsD  sWePt   on  tHe   RoADCALifoRniA  musiC   festivALs
exploring  hollywood  languages DoWn eD  BY  no. 6  HumBoLDtcoachella,  sun  god,  outside  lands
features , Page  6 sPoRts,  Page  12oPinion,  Page   4

VOLUME 46, ISSUE 47 MONDAY, APRIL 22, 2013 www.UcSDgUARDIAN.ORg

Admissions  stats
36.8% 67,392

37.7% 24,792

of  applicants  admitted  2013 total  applicants  this  year

of  applicants  admitted  2012 freshmen  accepted  this  year

uCsD  is  the  third  most  selective  uC

African-american  student  admission  increased  by  12.5%

ADmissions

UCSD Admits Record Number of  Students
The university admitted 24,792 students out of a record pool of 67,392, an 8.1 percent increase from last year.

Council Will 
Evaluate 
AVP ESJA 
Position 

A.s. CounCiL

The environmental and 
social justice position-
created in the fall- will be 
evaluated on its necessity.

BY sarah  m oon  senior staff writer

UCSD admitted almost 25,000 incoming fresh-man to the 2017 graduat-
ing class, an 8.1-percent increase 
of last year’s total numbers. The 
24,792 admitted students represent 
a record number of admits for the 
university, which also saw its larg-
est pool of applicants this year, with 
67,392 altogether.

With a 36.8-percent acceptance 
rate, UCSD regained its status as 
the third-most selective UC campus 
after UCLA and Berkeley. UCSD 
lost this ranking last year to UC 
Irvine, whose 2012 acceptance rate 
of 36.3 percent jumped to 41.1 per-
cent this year. UCLA is the most 

selective UC for the first time, its 
20.1 percent acceptance rate edging 
out Berkeley’s 20.8 percent.

The three most popular majors 
of the incoming class are biology, 
economics, and electrical/comput-
er science engineering. The Jacobs 
School of Engineering has already 
announced impacted status for 
freshman electrical and computer 
science engineering programs. The 
admitted students also have an aver-
age GPA of 4.11, up from last year’s 
4.07, and SAT scores of 642, 692 and 
659 for Critical Reading, Math and 
Writing, respectively.

BY  aleksan dra  konstanti novic  
associate news editor

See statistics, page 3

UCSD CREATE Launches STEM Success Initiative
ACADemiC   AffAiRs

The program, launching on July 1, aims to improve science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education.

UCSD’s Center for Research on 
Educational Equity, Assessment, and 
Teaching Excellence will open the 
CREATE STEM Success Initiative on 
July 1. The initiative aims to improve 
science, technology, engineering and 
mathematics, or STEM, education 
from kindergarten to graduate levels 
for San Diego schools.

“We will help UCSD PIs design 
competitive, required ‘broader impact’ 
plans, plan evaluations of interven-
tions, conduct actual evaluations 

through grants and recharge, and net-
work outreach efforts to avoid rein-
venting the wheel,” CREATE STEM 
faculty wrote in a statement on their 
website. “In sum, we will support cam-
pus colleagues to systematically study 
and address K–20 STEM pipeline leaks 
in San Diego, and to network outreach 
and intervention efforts at UCSD so 
we help ‘plug’ those leaks collectively.”

There will be over a dozen part-
ners in the CREATE STEM Success 
initiative, including the UCSD 
Department of Education Studies, 
OASIS, Calit2 Education Outreach, 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography, 
Center for Ocean Sciences Education 
Excellence, Jacobs School of 
Engineering’s IDEA Student Center, 
Outreach by the UCSD Laboratory of 
Comparative Human Cognition and 
a variety of UCSD campus colleagues 
and community supporters working to 
improve STEM education throughout 
the San Diego area.

UCSD established CREATE 13 
years ago as an outreach support sys-
tem for the K–12 in the San Diego 
area, primarily for underrepresented 
groups in colleges. The STEM Success 

Initiative is the newest CREATE pro-
gram. 

UCSD students and staff will work 
together to design various STEM-
related outreach and interventions tar-
geting K–16 institutions throughout 
San Diego.

The CREATE STEM Success 
Initiative intends to target underrepre-
sented students and high-need schools, 
programs, students and educators.

The initiative will not replace the 
already-existing STEM outreach in the 

BY H elen  h ej ran  staff writer

See stEM, page 3

A.S. Council is planning to evalu-
ate the effectiveness of the associate 
vice president of environmental and 
social justice affairs position this week. 
The position, which was first created 
during Fall Quarter 2012, is up for 
review after the first year the position 
was filled.

The introduction of the position in 
October 2012 was originally subjected 
to a long debate among councilmem-
bers, ultimately passing with a 23-0-4 
vote. Vice President External Affairs-
elect Vanessa Garcia was the first can-
didate to assume the position in Winter 
Quarter 2013.

A.S. President Meggie Le explained 
the necessity of evaluating the success 
and future necessity of this newly cre-
ated position.

“Because it was a new position, we 
decided to use this first term as a trial 
period that would undergo evaluation 
in spring quarter, before the current 
council terms out,” Le said.

A.S. Council originally wrote in its 
Memorandum of Understanding that 
the position would be up for renewal 
in Spring Quarter 2013.

“This is not a change,” Le said. “It 
was something that we had originally 
planned since the creation of this posi-
tion.”

The evaluation committee will 
consist of President Meggie Le, Vice 
President of Student Life Cody Marshall 
and Vice President of Finance and 
Resources Bryan Cassella. In addition, 
five senators, including Irene Chang, 
Payton Carrol, Jerry Narez, Mariko 
Kuga and current senator/President-
elect Andy Buselt will be present.

The committee will make recom-
mendations for the approval of the 
office by Week 5 and will submit a 
new Memorandum of Understanding 
of the position or terminate the office 
as it stands.

“After this trial period, I think the 
office is absolutely crucial to uphold,” 
Garcia said. “Although the position 
focuses on many issues that are in con-
junction with the work of the [Student 
Sustainability Collective], I think that 
this position has really helped to bring 
concerns of the students back to the 
administration.”

Specific goals for the position 
include bringing together efforts of 
A.S. Council, student organizations 
and college councils at UCSD to 
achieve the university’s goal of being a 
zero-waste campus by 2020.

readers can contact
sarah  moon     smoon@ucsd.edu 

BOSTON STRONG
Flags at UCSD’s North Point were lowered to half-mast this week to honor the victims of  last week’s Boston Marathon bombings. Several memorial marathon runs in San Diego are schedule for later this week.

PhOtO bY bRIAN MONROE /Guardian



2 t h E  U c S D  g U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A N . O R g  n e W s

Birdland By Rebekah Dyer

Visual diary By Khanh Nguyen

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2013, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. DeATh iS The UlTiMATe joke.    

General editorial: 858-534-6580 
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Managing; managing@ucsdguardian.org

opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&e: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
emily ku 

Advertising Director 
Christina Doo

Marketing 
Nicholas Paladino

Advertising Assistants 
Noelle Batema, Vivek Medepalli, Darren Shim, Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo h. Vilano jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Page Layout
Amber Shroyer, Bobee kim, Dorothy Van

Training and Development Manager
Madeline Mann

Laira Martin

Zev hurwitz

Mekala Neelakantan

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

hilary Lee

Lauren Koa

Rachel Uda

Stacey chien

Vincent Pham
Jean Lee

Jacey Aldredge

Sebastian brady 

brian Monroe

taylor Sanderson

Sara Shroyer

Zoë Mccracken

Jeffrey Lau

Janella Payumo

Allie Kiekhofer

claire Yee

Editor in chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

associate Opinon Editor

sports Editor

Features Editor

associate Lifestyle Editors

a&E Editor

associate a&E Editor

Photo Editor

associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

associate Design Editor

art Editor

associate art Editor

copy Editor

associate copy Editor

Editorial Assistants
lauren koa, Mozelle Armijo, jacqueline kim, Shelby Newallis, 

Rachel huang

Copy Readers
kim Brinckerhoff, Rachel huang,                                   

jacqueline kim, Beca Truong

BRiefs by  mekala  neelakantan  News Editor
▶ Undergraduate Scholarship 
Program: Chancellor Pradeep 
Khosla announced the Chancellor’s 
Associates Scholars undergradu-
ate scholarship program April 17, 
which will provide $10,000 annually 
for a period of four years to UCSD-
admitted graduates of the Preuss 
School UCSD, Lincoln High School 
and Gompers Preparatory Academy.

Students participating in the 
program must also be eligible for 
the UC Blue and Gold Opportunity 
Plan, which covers educational and 
student services fees for California 
residents for students whose fami-
lies earn less than $80,000 annually. 
The pilot program will begin this fall 
and will be offered to about 45 stu-
dents the three schools combined. 
The Chancellor’s Associates donor 
group will fund the undergraduate 
scholarship program, with annual 
member investments of $2,500 each.

▶ Happiest Freshmen: UCSD has 
been ranked sixth in the nation 
in U.S. Department of Education 

statistics for the top 25 state uni-
versities with the highest freshmen 
retention rates. 

The top five universities with 
the greatest percentage of freshmen 
remaining at the university for their 
sophomore year include UCLA, UC 
Berkeley, the United States Naval 
Academy, the University of North 
Carolina at Chapel Hill and the 
University of Virginia. UCLA has 
a 96.9 percent retention rate, and 
UCSD has a 95.8 percent retention 
rate. The average retention rate for 
four-year public institutions is 72.2 
percent, according to ACT, Inc. sta-
tistics.

▶ UCSD Graduate Students 
Inducted Into Bouchet Graduate 
Honor Society: Ten UCSD gradu-
ate students were inducted into the 
Edward A. Bouchet Graduate Honor 
Society last week for achievements 
in academia and in promoting diver-
sity for higher education. UCSD is 
the only university on the west coast 
to have a Bouchet Graduate Honor 

Society chapter, established in 2008. 
The society was founded by Yale 
University and Howard University 
in 2005. The recognized UCSD stu-
dents attended the induction cer-
emony at the annual Yale Bouchet 
Conference on Diversity at Yale on 
April 19 to April 20.

“Through the Bouchet Society, 
we’re establishing a cohort of UC 
San Diego graduate students who 
are committed to diversity in high-
er education,” Dean of Graduate 
Studies Kim Barrett said in an inter-
view with UCSD News Center. “It’s 
also a way for the university to cel-
ebrate and show appreciation for the 
work that these students are doing.”

▶ Geisel Library Named Fifth Most 
Beautiful Library: UCSD’s Geisel 
Library was named the fifth most 
beautiful library in the world as 
part of last week’s National Library 
Week. The library, designed in the 
1960s and named after Audrey and 
Theodor Seuss Geisel in 1995, was 
listed before the Seattle Central 

Library and the Salt Lake City 
Public Library in statistics from 
the American Library Association. 
The association’s national library 
week occurs every April as part 
of an effort to give recognition to 
libraries and their workers. Other 
libraries on the list included the 
Library of Congress in Washington, 
D.C., the New York Public Library, 
Switzerland’s Abbey Library, and the 
Vatican City’s Vatican Library.

▶ Missing Woman Found Dead: San 
Diego homicide detectives found 
the body of a woman in Kearney 
Mesa on Thursday. The body was 
identified as belonging to 23-year-
old missing person Grace Ann Hall. 
According to the San Diego Police 
Department, who found Hall inside 
of a Toyota Camry, Hall seemed to 
have sustained suspicious injuries 
and trauma. The cause of her death 
is yet to be released. Hall had been 
missing for a month, last seen on 
March 20 en route to Sherman Oaks 
for a job interview. 



n e W s  t h E  U c S D  g U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U c S D g U A R D I A N . O R g  3

Sexual 
Assault
Awareness 
Month

M
22 1:00-2:30pm @ Women’s Center

Decorate denim and make other 
crafts to gear up for Denim Day.

11:00-12:30pm @ Cross Cultural Center
Wear your denim to show support for 
ending sexual violence!

Take Back 
The Night Rally

Crafting Your Denim!

7:00pm @ Price Center Plaza
Keynote & Open Mic
Sponsored by A.S. Women’s Commission

#UCSDSAAM

[WEEK 4 Events]

Visit sarc.ucsd.edu for full calendar of events.

W
24

Th
25

Denim Day of Awareness

12:00pm @ Women’s Center
Presented by SARC

 F
26

Gender Buffet:
How to Help a Survivor
of Sexual Assault

LigHts & siRens

First-generation college students 
make up 31.7 percent of the fresh-
man class, a 2.8-percent increase 
from last year. An additional 27.9 
percent come from low-income 
families, a number that remained 
steady since fall 2012.

Assistant Vice Chancellor of 
Admissions Mae Brown highlighted 
the overall diversity of the incom-
ing class.

“The makeup of this year’s new 
freshmen represents one of UC San 
Diego’s most ethnically, geographi-
cally and socioeconomically diverse 
classes to date,” Brown wrote in a 
press release.

UCSD continues to see a drop 
in admits from high schools with 
low Academic Performance Index 
scores. 

The API scores indicate a school’s 
performance, factoring in individu-
al students’ socioeconomic status, 
race and other categories. UCSD 
admitted 14.5 percent of students 
from low-performing high schools, 
the lowest amount of any other UC 
campus and a low for UCSD itself.

Students who identify as Asian-
American make up the largest ethnic 
group at 46.7 percent of the admit-
ted population. Pacific Islander stu-
dents represent the smallest, with a 
total of 33 admitted students, or 0.2 
percent of the total.

UCSD also admitted 422 African-
American students, a 12.5-percent 
increase from last year. 

The university has faced criti-
cism in the past for its relatively low 
percentage of African-American 
students. Since fall 2009, black stu-
dents have made up about 2 percent 

of the total undergraduate popula-
tion. 

An analytical article on Voice of 
San Diego explains the situation in 
part on how few African-American 
first years choose to attend UCSD 
after they have been accepted. 
Seventeen percent of black fresh-
man enrolled in UCSD in 2009, 
or 41 out of 3,566 total California 
residents.

Female students make up 53 per-
cent of the total, or 12,767 admitted 
students, while males total 11,645, 
or 47 percent.

Students have until May 1 to 
decide whether or not they will 
attend UCSD. Transfer student 
applicants will receive their admis-
sion letters by the end of the month.

San Diego region; instead, it will focus 
on facilitating K–12 and UCSD student 
interaction and participation as well as 
improving and creating opportunities 

for undergraduate and graduate STEM 
students.

“As we continually seek ways 
to have a tangible societal impact 
through our research, education 
and service activities, the campus 

must invest strategically in efforts 
designed to further that goal,” 
Chancellor Pradeep Khosla said.

Two Cases of  Sexual Battery Reported at UCSD
CRime

CREATE Plan To Focus on Opportunities for STEM Students

First-Generation College Students Total 31.7 Percent of  Admits

▶ stEM, from page 1

readers can contact
HeLen  HeJRAn     HHEJRAN@ucsd.edu 

▶ aDMissiONs, from page 1

readers can contact
aleksandra  konstantinovic     alkonsta@ucsd.edu 

The UCSD Police Department sent 
an alert last week about two accounts 
of sexual battery that occurred near 
campus. The first incident took place 
on April 17 at 7:45 p.m. near 3835 
Miramar St. in the UCSD Mesa 
Residential Apartments and involved 
the suspect hugging and groping the 

victim’s thighs in a nearby parking lot.
The suspect is being described as 

an Asian adult male, about 5’6” tall, 
with a medium build in his late 20s to 
early 30s, according to a UCSD police 
notice released on April 19 to all staff, 
faculty and students.

He is said to have worn glasses, 
khaki shorts and a blue polo shirt at the 
time of the battery.

The second instance occurred in 
Earl Warren College’s Brown Hall on 

April 19 at 4:30 p.m. The suspect, 
described as a 5’6 to 5’7” tall Asian 
male in his 20s, “followed the victim 
into the stairwell and grabbed the vic-
tim underneath her skirt,” according to 
the police notice, touching the victim’s 
upper leg and buttocks area.

The perpetrator in the second 
battery incident was described as 
wearing khaki pants and a backward 
baseball cap, with short black hair 
and a thin mustache.

Friday, April 12
12:44 a.m.: Medical Aid
▶A young adult female appeared dis-
oriented at the Marshall Apartments 
basketball court. Transported to hos-
pital.
3:29 a.m.: Disturbance, Argument
▶Based on second hand information, 
a female in Revelle College’s Keeling 
Apartments was heard yelling at an 
unknown person. Quiet on arrival.
11:14 a.m.: Citizen Contact
▶The reporting party was concerned 
because they were receiving harassing 
emails. Information only.
2:30 p.m.: Traffic Stop
▶A 53-year-old male was arrested at 
Regents Road and Regents Park Row 
for possession of marijuana while driv-
ing. Closed by citation, adult.
3:15 p.m.: Welfare Check
▶A female was worried about her pos-
sibly suicidal boyfriend at Marshall 
Apartments. Checks OK.
5:35 p.m.: Smoke Check
▶Smoke was coming from a trashcan 
by the bicycle racks at Black Hall. 
Checks OK.
11:41 p.m.: Disturbance
▶A large group of people was standing 
around in Lot P104. Checks OK.

Saturday, April 13
1:02 a.m.: Burglary, Hot Prowl
▶A suspicious person was seen jump-
ing over a railing and trying to open 
doors to the building at the Rady 
School of Management. Information 
only.
1:07 a.m.: Disturbance
▶The reporting party at Marshall 
Apartments thought their neighbor’s 
door was possibly egged. Checks OK.
3:10 a.m.: Suicide Attempt
▶Someone attempted suicide at Revelle 
Commons. Transported to hospital.
10:05 a.m.: Fraud
▶The reporting party was told to file 
a report for their email and Facebook 
accounts being hacked. Unable to con-
tact reporting party.

3:01 p.m.: Burglary
▶A lab at the Chemistry Research 
Building appeared to have been bro-
ken into, and a computer was used. 
Information only.

Sunday, April 14
1:33 p.m.: Marijuana Contact
▶There was an odor of marijuana at 
North America Hall. Checks OK.
11:57 p.m.: Noise Disturbance
▶Someone was playing a game on his 
or her patio on Miramar Street. Will 
cooperate.

Monday, April 15
5:25 p.m.: Citizen Contact
▶A citizen requested police assistance 
in finding her cell phone at Pepper 
Canyon Hall. Information only.

Tuesday, April 16
6:29 p.m.: Disturbance, Psych Subject
▶A graduate student was under the 
influence of a controlled substance at 
Rita Atkinson Residences. Closed by 
adult arrest.
9:25 p.m.: Drunk in Public
▶The subject was staggering around 
Library Walk. Field interview.

Wednesday, April 17
1 a.m.: Battery
▶Two roommates at Earl Warren 
College’s Black Hall had gotten into 
a dispute; no injuries were sustained. 
Report taken.
8:16 p.m.: Information
▶An unknown male asked the report-
ing party for directions and proceeded 
to hug her and “touch her thing;” the 
reporting party did not want contact 
or report taken. Checks OK.
11:40 p.m.: Disturbance, Argument
▶The intoxicated subject was strik-
ing the reporting parties vehicle at 
Genesee Avenue and Campus Point 
Drive. Transported to detox.

— REBECCA HORWITZ
Senior Staff Writer

BY  m ekala  n eelakantan  
News editor



OPINION contact the editorHI LARY LEEopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

QuIck  TAkEs With coachella this month and the sun god Festival and outside lands Festival lineups recently released, students are leFt Wondering Which one oF these caliFornia music Festivals is the best.

In the desert, the barometer always reads 
“blazing.” As one of the most prestigious and well 
organized music gatherings in the world, Coachella 
both kicks off and dominates the California festival 
season. Coachella offers better sound, setting and 
organization as well as a far greater variety and 
number of performers than Outside Lands and Sun 
God, making it well worth its higher price tag. 

The festival has undergone a commercial meta-
morphosis in recent years after concert promoting 
company Goldenvoice took over management. 
Nevertheless, the diversity of music offered remains 
consistent with festival founder Paul Tollett’s origi-
nal vision. Coachella features alternative rock, hip 
hop, electronic and indie music performances from 
a variety of eras with performers ranging from The 
Killers to Jay-Z to Mumford & Sons. 

The 2012 division of the festival over two week-
ends gave Coachella a fun, comfortable vibe that 
prevented the crowds and queues from becoming 
unbearable. In the Coachella desert, you will avoid 
the overcrowding and parking nightmares that 
occur every year in Golden Gate Park. Best of all, it 
is possible to make your way to the front barricades 
of almost every set. Camping is not overcrowded 
and is even comfortable while the setting of moun-
tains and palm trees creates an unbeatable backdrop 
for the six stages.

The high level of security and exorbitant 
amounts charged for food and drinks may be 
small downsides, but hey, the beers at Coachella 
still cost $2 less than those sold at Outside Lands. 
Alternatively, you need not spend any more money 
while you are there if you load up the car with food 
and invest in an icebox. Coachella is a musical 
metropolis like no other — it’s time to start saving 
for next year’s festivities. 

  
— Mia Florin-SeFton

Staff Writer

Outside Lands Recognizes Great Live 
Performances Over Popular Trends

Sun God Festival Magically Brings 
UC “Socially Dead” Campus to Life

Coachella Is Two Weekends Full of   
Unbeatable Scenes and Music Variety

While Sun God Festival isn’t world-renowned, 
it is a magical time of year in UCSD’s own back-
yard that brings the entire campus together.

For starters, it’s unlikely that any other day of 
the year brings more people, inebriated or not, 
out and about around campus. During Sun God, 
UCSD comes alive and all those hours of hiding 
behind textbooks at Geisel are left in the past. 
People are friendlier than ever and the mythical 
Sun God conjures some semblance of a social 
scene at “UC Socially Dead.”

The crowd is a sight to be seen, along with 
the multitude of bands, artists and DJs that 
grace RIMAC field. Popular performers such as 
T.I., B.o.B, Drake and Mike Posner have all per-
formed sets at Sun God and were subsequently 
catapulted into further stardom. Although there’s 
always a slew of lesser-known groups, the pure 
thrill of being in a crowd with thousands of your 
peers while hearing the pulsating base pound at 
your eardrums is enough to make seeing any per-
former worthwhile.

On top of main stage performances, Sun God 
also has options that cater to the variety of con-
cert-goers. If listening to musical acts isn’t your 
cup of tea, head over to the dance tent, check out 
the comedy acts and student performances or 
just wander aimlessly on the grass without get-
ting judged.

Best of all, unlike Coachella or Outside Lands, 
you won’t have to dish out hundreds of dollars, 
travel across the state or make do without a shower 
for multiple days. Sun God has something for 
everyone, and, frankly, it’s so convenient and is not 
an additional cost — the charge is automatically 
included in student fees — that there’s no reason to 
stay indoors while the chaos unfolds just steps away.

— revathy SaMpath-KuMar
Senior Staff Writer

Nowadays, festivalgoers focus on which skimpy 
outfit to wear or which illicit drugs to injest instead 
of enjoying the fundamental aspect of these three-
day extravaganzas — the live music. You won’t 
find that kind of ignorance at the Outside Lands 
Music and Arts Festival, held every August in San 
Francisco’s Golden Gate Park. In a city that is uni-
versally known for its laid-back, grateful, cheery 
vibes and all-around good disposition, Outside 
Lands embodies all of San Francisco’s and every 
other music festivals’ best qualities.

Outside Lands preaches music above all else, 
and it shows from its versatile line-up every year. 
Whereas Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival 
aims to please a younger and trendier crowd, and 
Sun God Festival serves an even narrower audi-
ence, Outside Lands caters to the music freaks who 
truly appreciate the magic that can only abound 
from live performances. Outside Lands books art-
ists who would go wholly underappreciated in the 
hip celeb-based atmosphere of Coachella or the 
millennial generation of UCSD — including Phish, 
Pearl Jam, Neil Young and Crazy Horse and Stevie 
Wonder in the past three years.

This festival is also known for its relaxed audi-
ence — there will be no pushing and shoving here, 
just friendly dialogue and random friendships 
with total strangers. Even in the ginormous mosh 
pits during Metallica’s set last year, moshers would 
bulldoze bystanders down and then reach down to 
help them up before resuming their moshing.

With the pristine natural setting of the park, the 
world-class food trucks, an impressive selection in 
beer and wine gardens and a hassle-free crowd of 
cohorts, Outside Lands straps on its dancing boots 
and stomps its way to being one of the most antici-
pated music extravaganzas every year.

— angel au-yeung
Staff Writer

There is no question that sexism is a serious problem in many Arab countries, such as Saudi 
Arabia, Iraq, Egypt and Afghanistan. 
The 2012 Gender Gap Report rated 
135 countries on gender discrepancies 
in politics, economy, education and 
health, with the highest-rated coun-
tries having the smallest gender gap. 
None of the 50 highest rated countries 
were Arab, but more than half of 
all Arab states fell in the bottom 25. 
While sexism is certainly a prominent 
issue in Arab states, it is not distinctly 
Arab, nor is misogyny primarily an 
Islamic issue.

Arab women are systematically 
oppressed, part of a long-standing 
governmental policy suppressing 
female opportunities beyond and even 
within the home. In Afghanistan, 
Islamic custom can take precedence 
over civil legislation, which means 
women’s rights are frequently ignored. 
In 2010, the Afghan Supreme Court 
ruled that women can be jailed if they 
run away and do not go either to a 
police station or an immediate rela-
tive’s house. Close to 30 universities in 
Iran, another Muslim country and a 
close neighbor to multiple Arab states, 
currently ban women from a wide 
variety of courses, including engi-
neering, computer science, English 
literature and business. This isn’t to 
mention frequently reported cases of 
violence and abuse against women in 
these countries. The sources of these 
crimes are not as simple as some may 
make it seem, however, and it is nec-
essary that people look beyond unfair 
generalizations made about Arab reli-
gion and culture.

Many people mistakenly attribute 
sexism in the Arab world to Islam 
as a whole or consider it something 
innately Arab. This stance ignores 
that Islam is a diverse religion, much 
like Christianity. The culprits, or at 
least some of the most important 
instigators of Arab misogyny, are 
Ottoman, British and French colo-
nists. According to academic Deniz 
Kandiyoti, misogyny was imple-
mented in Arab countries through the 
“patriarchal bargain,” in which colo-
nists bought the submission of Arabic 
men by offering them power over 
women. Yet another theory posits that 
Arabian misogyny is a byproduct of 
centuries of authoritarian rule: Abuse 
from the military or secret police 
exacerbates misogyny when men use 
women to vent their humiliations.

Women represent 50 percent 
of the population, yet there is still 
a substantial gender gap — espe-
cially in Arab countries. This gap 
is not due to differences in ability 
or IQ — it is a product of unethical 
political policy. Researcher James 
Flynn, in his book “Are We Getting 
Smarter?: Rising IQ in the Twenty-
First Century,” found that in 
every country where women were 
allowed equal access to educational 
opportunities, they matched men 
in IQ. This means that the increase 
in women’s IQs over generations is 
due to their rise from a disadvan-
taged past. There is a direct rela-
tionship here between institutional 
policy and inequality.

To solve this issue, Arab govern-
ments and their neighbors must 
continue to advance women’s rights 
through legislation, while members 
of society must continue facilitating a 
cultural stance that opposes the mar-
ginalization of women.

Sexism Is a 
Problem of  
Politics, Not 
of  Islam

NIcO  HEMsLEY NAHEMSLEY@ucsd.eduJusTIcE   Is   sERVED

A bill to create a “New University of California” college system in which there would be no classes — just 
tests — was rightfully pulled because it would deprive students of a comprehensive learning experience.

No Classes, 
Just Finals

BY  shannon  kang    Staff Writer    Illustration  by  irene chiang

Imagine being enrolled in a class with no lectures, no professors and only tests. This could have been reality for some students if California Assemblyman Scott Wilk’s (R-Santa Clarita) bill AB 1306 had passed 
through the Committee on Higher Education. Introduced in February 
and pulled by Wilk himself before proceeding to an April 23 hearing, the 
bill proposed to establish a “New University of California” college system 
alongside the existing University of California, California State University 
and California Community College systems. 

According to the Los Angeles Times, the proposed system would only 
administer exams. How a student learns the material (through the Internet, 
books or tutors, for example) would be entirely up to their discretion. Once 
they successfully pass required exams, students receive credits and degrees 
in the subjects they pursue. However, although this system could provide 
a cost-effective education, it would not foster effective studying habits and 
would deprive students of a wholesome learning experience. Higher educa-
tion shouldn’t involve taking the critical process of interacting with profes-
sors and other students out of the picture. 

According to Wilk, easy access to affordable education and encourag-
ing students to learn in the manner of their preferences are the bill’s main 
goals. These are both notable, but upon closer analysis raise several issues. 

The annual UC in-state tuition is approximately $13,000, $7,000 at CSU 
campuses and about $46 per unit for community colleges. Excluding 
administrative and examination fees, there would be no tuition and only 
exam costs for the New University of California — a big difference in price 
tags compared to the UC system. Yet, individual differences in educational 
costs would exist since students could be learning from Google instead of 
paying for outside classes.

While some classes don’t necessitate student attendance, many others 
do. Here at UCSD, for example, chemistry laboratory classes require per-
forming almost six hours of hands-on “wet” lab work per week. Reading 
something in theory is different from putting it into practice. Students 
oftentimes don’t understand what they’ve been learning until they see a 
visual manifestation of the material. Laboratory classes like these require 
extensive experimentation, where a professor or TA is needed to guide stu-
dents’ progress. There’s a big problem when students aren’t provided with 
the proper resources to learn by this type of trial-and-error method.

If this plan had gone into action, this kind of college education would 
solely consist of preparing for exams, rather than learning for learning’s 

See new University, page 5



O P I N I O N  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

POSSIBLE
TB EXPOSURE

County Public Health notified UCSD Student Health that a UCSD student was 
recently diagnosed with active tuberculosis.  Professors and classmates 
for the courses listed below may have spent sufficient time in contact with 
the student and may be at risk of contracting infection.  

On April 9th the Office of the Vice Chancellor of Student 
Affairs sent email notification to all students and faculty in the following 
courses recommending that they receive a TB test:

Winter 2013:
BIBC 100 - Structural Biochemistry
BIBC 102 - Metabolic Biochemistry
Music 127A - Jazz Roots 

Fall 2012:
BIPN 100 - Mammalian Physiology
Music 26 - Blues
Psych 179 - Drugs, Addiction and
        Mental Disorders

(*Important: you must be able to return on Thursday 4/25, 
between 9:30am-4:00pm, for the reading).

Learn more here:  http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu/tbexposure.shtml

The last FREE TB screening for those notified will be: 
Tuesday, 4/23* (9:30 am-4:00pm) at Student Health, 
2nd floor conference room

The Bar Has  
Been Raised in  
the Field of Accounting. 
Are you ready?

Prepare yourself with a Master of Professional Accountancy (MPAc) degree 
from The Paul Merage School of Business at UC Irvine. Our rigorous, 
full-time, one-year program – one of only two UC-based MPAc programs 
in southern California – provides an intensive, focused level of training 
designed to prepare you for an executive career in accounting.

n Paid winter internship opportunity 

n Proseminar/professional career development course

n Career management and advising

n Classes and networking with MBA students

n Pre-requisite courses available

Register today to attend an information session:  
merage.uci.edu/go/campusMPAc

ApplicAtion DeADline:  May 15, 2013

949.824.1609
mpac@merage.uci.edu

13121MPAcad_bw_4_6875x8.indd   1 4/4/13   11:40 AM

Solve For X By Philip Jia LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear editor, 
The U-T story should read 

“UCSD accepts more foreigners,” not 
“Local billionaires back Chancellor 
Khosla promoting diversity, equity 
and inclusion through $40,000 
scholarships at UCSD!” (or the usual 
U-T persiflage).

Federal largesse is a real problem: 
Pell Grants are given out as part of 
the financial “aid” packages. So, the 
under-employed have a good reason 
to accept a substantial prize (no par-
ticular aptitude for study required), 
but are forced to borrow heavily as 
the precondition. Universities have 
learned to quickly raise tuition to the 
maximum level established by the 
federal government. 

Now, in California, religious 
institutions also get the Cal State 
University second-to-the-highest-
level-of-funding (again, no par-
ticular aptitude for study required). 
Consequently, students at the 23 Cal 
State Universities overall get about 
one-tenth of the Cal Grants — while 
the “private and religious” colleges 
get about a third. 

What’s wrong with this picture? 
One: The structure of federal sup-
port. Two: The religious lobby. 
Three: Most egregiously, the up-
front payment of students’ tuition 
to CEOs of for-profit, fly-by-night 
colleges.

Enter Pradeep Khosla. Students 
from three San Diego high schools 
will be eligible for a $40,000 scholar-
ship to attend UCSD. Forty-five stu-
dents are being offered Chancellor 
Scholarships, worth $10,000 per 
year for four years, but reserved 
for qualified school leavers from 
Gompers Preparatory Academy, 
The Preuss School located on the 
UCSD campus and Lincoln High 

School. Apparently, 16 contributors 
have agreed to write $25,000 checks 
annually to be used at the chancel-
lor’s sole discretion. Khosla said the 
program shows his commitment 
to San Diego. He said he’d like to 
expand the pilot program promoting 
“diversity, equity and inclusion” (hip, 
hip, hurray) beyond these “partner” 
schools to reach more students from 
low-income families. To qualify for 
the scholarships, students at the 
three schools mentioned above must 
be eligible for the Blue and Gold 
Opportunity Plan, which is available 
for UC families systemwide earning 
less than $80,000 annually.

Only a fraction of students 
accepted for admission ever enroll. 
As a former PTA President at San 
Diego High School, a substitute 
teacher at Preuss and as a long-term 
substitute teacher / dean of discipline 
at Gompers Jr. High — I can assure 
you that there is a 30- to 70-percent 
chance that the graduating VP at 
Lincoln will choose UCSD (over 
Dartmouth, SDSU or UCLA). 

UC systemwide continues to 
serve more low-income students 
than any other research university. 
But now the goal is to substantially 
increase the number of out-of-state 
and international undergraduate stu-
dents, because students from out of 
state pay approximately $23,000 per 
year more in tuition and fees than 
California students (who pay about 
$15,000 a year). The academic year 
2011–2012 marked the grim turning 
point. Under the 2011–2012 state 
budget, student tuition and fees for 
the first time in history contributed 
more to core operating funds at UC 
than the state general fund — nearly 
$3 billion through student tuition 
and fees versus $2.37 billion from 
the state. 

 
— richard thompson

Alumnus ’83

sake. All energy would be focused 
on passing tests, causing students 
to miss out on invaluable learning 
experiences. Students wouldn’t be 
able to attend any office hours for 
help and may feel pressured to turn-
ing to online or other test preparation 
courses. This would be beneficial for 
test-prep companies like Princeton 
Review and Kaplan, but not for stu-
dents. Although the costs of these 
courses alone are significantly lower 
than the costs of tuition, they can still 
get pricey as intensive study courses 
like for the MCAT easily top $2000. 

Interim Vice Chancellor for Public 
Affairs of California Community 
Colleges Mike McGee brings up the 

concern of the proposed college sys-
tem’s accreditation. According to The 
Daily Californian, the new university 
would have a chancellor and a board 
of 11 trustees, but no professors. With 
ever-increasing standards, many grad-
uate schools may not even accredit 
a university that doesn’t have any 
teaching faculty. Many professional 
schools additionally require letters of 
recommendations from professors 
who know their students well. It’s 
already difficult to receive solid letters 
from professors who only see students 
during office hours — but it would 
be impossible to procure one from a 
professor who doesn’t exist. 

Attending classes, gaining 
internship opportunities and being 
involved in campus organizations 

and internships are all important in 
helping students develop responsi-
bility and time management. Such 
experiences are all available through 
opportunities offered by schools and 
the social network students establish 
in college, which the new university 
would not provide. 

Although this proposal could 
have possibly lowered the costs 
of receiving higher education, the 
money saved in the end would not 
be worth the costs of being deprived 
of a valuable educational experience. 
Total tuition may cost over $100,000, 
but memories and experiences 
should not be limited by a price tag. 

Chancellor Scholarships 
Do Not Diversify UCSD

Proposed System Places Too Much Emphasis on Passing Exams
▶ new University, from page 4

readers can contact
shannon  kang     shk068@ucsd.edu 



6 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES contact the editorstacey  chienfeatures@ucsdguardian.org
The Making of  Hollywood Languages 

Linguists Marc Okrand, Paul Frommer and David J. Peterson come to UCSD to speak 
about creating languages for Hollywood productions.

By  emily  polachek  staff writer  
 illustrations    by   eunice ho & jeffrey lau 

Linguists aren’t restricted to studying the origin and use of different languages. “Conlangers” are linguists who create languages, some of which have made their debut in well-known Hollywood productions. Marc Okrand (Klingon language, “Star Trek”) 
Paul Frommer (Na’vi language, “Avatar”) and David J. Peterson (Dothraki language, “Game 
of Thrones”) are the masterminds behind three distinct Hollywood languages.

Last Friday, these three distinguished linguists spoke about their experiences in 
creating languages at the event “Linguistics Goes to Hollywood,” hosted by the UCSD 
linguistics department to mark its 50th anniversary. Hundreds of UCSD students, staff 
and faculty gathered in Price Center Ballroom B to hear what they had to say. 

“When we say invented languages, we think of sweaty sci-fi geeks,” UCSD 
Linguistics Language Program Director Grant Goodall, who moderated the event, 
said. “But what people don’t realize is that there is a very long and noble tradition of 
creating languages.”

Goodall said that invented languages were created as early as the 1800s to accom-
modate the increase of international trade and communication between people from 
different nations. This resulted in the invention of dozens of languages, including 
Esperanto — an auxiliary language that an ophthalmologist constructed in the late 
1870s in hopes of fostering world harmony through language.

According to Goodall, Esperanto still exists today, with a population of less than a 
thousand speakers. Unlike the historical advantages Esperanto can provide us, though, 

Goodall said that the Klingon, Na’vi and Dothraki languages have their own advantages 
in that they reflect present time. Through this advantage, their usage 

has become widely popular outside the fictional worlds 
within which they were created.

“People are speaking Klingon better 
than I can, because they use it every day,” 

Okrand said. “A community has devel-
oped around the use of the language, and it’s 

an unexpected joy to see that there are people who 
are even writing Klingon poetry.”

All three conlangers agreed that the real challenge in creating a language for a movie or televi-
sion series is finding a way to balance the exotic nature of the language with accessibility. 

“I came up with sound palettes for a way a language might sound,” Frommer, a communi-
cations professor at the University of Southern California, said. “For example, I would work 
with tone and distinctive vowel length in different existing languages, and then let James 
[Cameron], the director, decide what sounded best. It’s accessible because all sounds in Na’vi 
are found in one language or another.” 

Peterson, a UCSD alumnus, added that establishing sounds is easier than constructing 
a system that combines sounds into words. He explained the need to start with a prototype 
before evolving the language so that it has a more natural and authentic feel to it. So far, 
there are 3,500 Dothraki words, according to Peterson. In comparison, he said most spoken 
languages in the world have at least 50,000 words. English has over 100,000 words.

The far less extensive vocabulary that these invented Hollywood languages present 
doesn’t make it any easier for the actors and actresses who must bring them to life on the 

big screen. They work closely with the conlangers to get the pronunciation just 
right. Oftentimes, the conlangers are on set with the actors 

running through lines, and, between takes, the 
director will double-check that the line was 

delivered correctly.
“You learn when it is appropri-
ate to correct one of the actors 

and when you need to just let 
go,” Frommer said. “You have 

this crazy language that the 
actors have never heard before; 
they have to memorize it, make it 
their own and on top of that, act.”

Perhaps much of the difficulty in learning 
the language comes with its inherent complexity.

According to the three conlangers, each of them generally avoids simplifying their cre-
ated languages or merely throwing sounds together, as they know that their work will be 
subjected to close scrutiny on behalf of fellow linguists and fans. 

“I also wanted to have a good time while doing it,” Okrand said. “It’s much more inter-
esting to create something with complexity.”

However, complexity doesn’t always mask mistakes. Okrand lightheartedly noted an 
entire website dedicated to listing mistakes he has made in Klingon.

Currently, Okrand, Frommer and Peterson are all working on new and upcoming 
language creation projects. Peterson said that he’s creating a language for a pilot show on 
the CW but cannot disclose what the show is or when it’s coming out. Okrand, even more 
mysterious than Peterson, could only reveal that his project will be released a month 
from now. Frommer, on the other hand, announced that there will be an “Avatar 2 and 
3,” in which he will have the opportunity to expand the Na’vi language.

It doesn’t look like Hollywood will be seeing the end of these innovators of fictional 
languages any time soon.

readers can contact
emily  polachek     epolache@ucsd.edu 



F e a t U R e s  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

Unlock big data and prepare yourself for one 
of the fastest-growing careers in the U.S.

•	nine-month	master	of	science	degree		
in	business	analytics

•	top-ranked	business	school

boost	your	job	search
                            wpcarey.asu.edu/really

really!         the sexiest job 
of the 21st century
 – Harvard Business Review

Relaxation is the antidote to 
stress, but it takes practice to find 
that peaceful state. In the 2010 
National College Health Assessment, 
UCSD students reported stress as the 
number one impediment to academ-
ic performance, with 60 percent of 
them rating the stress they’d experi-
enced over the preceding year as any-
where from “more than average” to 
“tremendous.” Apparently, students 
could use a bit of guidance when it 
comes to emotional well-being. 

To offset these numbers, 
UCSD Postdoctoral Fellow Lisa 
Finlay leads the workshop, “Stress 
Management Through Relaxation 
Training and Biofeedback.” She 
hopes this workshop will help stu-
dents become more attuned to their 
stress and provide them with strate-
gies that will effectively combat high 
stress levels. Her workshop, which 
began earlier this month, focuses on 
relaxation exercises such as guided 
imagery (imagining yourself in a 
relaxing setting, for example), and is 
supplemented by biofeedback.

“Biofeedback is where you use 
some kind of equipment that moni-
tors a certain autonomic function,” 
Finlay said. 

Each student wears the device 
clipped to his or her ear through-
out the entire workshop to get live 
feedback on their heart variability. 
The entire setup is fairly discreet 
and simple — the clip on the ear 
lobe has a thin white cord leading 
down to a box the size of a cigarette 
pack, which gives light cues to indi-
cate the variation in time intervals 
between heartbeats.   

Changes in pulse can be indic-
ative of where an individual falls 
within the different stages of emo-
tional well-being, relaxation or emo-
tional flexibility — all factors that 
correlate with stress. Thus, measur-
ing and documenting these changes 

can help gauge if the relaxation exer-
cises are decreasing stress levels.

“We tend to think our pulse is like 
a metronome, but its not,” Finlay said. 
“It’s constantly changing.”

The goal is to reach “coherence,” 
a term that refers to the state of 
relaxation and well-being that’s indi-
cated by an even heart rate variabil-
ity. Finlay said the feedback allows 
individuals to develop something 
akin to “muscle memory” for their 
heart.  This occurs when students in 
her workshop become familiar with 
the process and feeling of reaching 
“coherence” and are then able to 
replicate that process without the 
machine. Essentially, this process 

would make it easier for individu-
als to cope with and even overcome 
stressful situations by understand-
ing how to gravitate their bodies 
towards a steady heart rate.

“This is really cool that we have 
these [biofeedback devices] here,” 
Finlay said. “Anywhere you go, you 
can lead someone through a relaxation 
exercise, and people can say subjective-
ly afterwards, ‘I liked it, I felt relaxed.’ 
But this is another way of measuring, 
‘Yeah it felt nice, and I also had high 
coherence on my machine.’”

All of this is a small step towards 
making a bigger impact over time.

“A lot of times, people want to 
make a drastic change, with the goal 

of getting rid of stress or forgetting 
about their stress,” Finlay said. “And 
those drastic changes are really hard 
to make and sustain, whereas small, 
maybe a simpler change can still 
have a profound effect. “

The Counseling and 
Psychological Services website 
includes other ways to reduce stress. 
Journaling, deep breathing and 
self-massages are examples of small 
changes students can make to relax. 
According to Yahoo’s April 2 article, 
“Just Explain It,” about students and 
stress, researchers have found that a 
student’s level of performance in a 
stressful situation can be linked to 
how fast dopamine is cleared from 

his or her brain. If a student has the 
gene that clears dopamine slowly, he 
or she can counteract this disadvan-
tage by increasing their experience 
by studying, taking practice tests, 
and frequently rubbing elbows with 
high pressure situations. Stress can 
be something that is harnessed and 
used as a driving force to achieve 
new things.

“The goal is never get rid of stress 
completely,” Finlay said. “The goal is to 
have that balance of stress — to have it 
as a motivating factor in our lives and 
not impede our performance.”

Heart of  the Matter: Coping With Stress
UCSD Postdoctoral Fellow Lisa Finlay leads a stress management workshop to help students interpret and regulate their stress levels.

readers can contact
madeline  mann     memann@ucsd.edu 

PhOTO COURTeSY Of www.fULLeRTON.eDUBy  madeli n e  man n  
senior staff writer



8 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F e a t U R e s

5.6 TRILLION cigarette butts
are deposited into the global 
environment each year

Cigarette butts are  
NOT biodegradable.
The earth is your future, not your ashtray!  

UC San Diego
Smoke and Tobacco-Free Campus
September 1, 2013 
For more information please visit:  
http://smokefree.ucsd.edu
© 2013, California Department of Public Health

FOLLOW US
ON TWITTER

FIND US ON
FACEBOOK

California State University, Long Beach
College of Continuing and Professional Education

No formal admission to 
CSULB required

Earn units toward  
your degree

Enroll on a  
“space available” basis

Two 6 - Week Sessions
 May 28 – July 5 (S1S)

 July 8 – August 16  (S3S)

One 12 - Week Session
 May 28 – August 16 (SSD)

Lorinda Owens
5.95 in. x 5 in.
UC San Digo
Pub Date: 4/22

25 New Online Summer Classes
(800) 963–2250 ext. 60001

CCPE-info@csulb.edu
www.ccpe.csulb.edu/summer

CSULB
SUMMER SESSIONS

2013

Register Now!
Contact Dr. Broide, Department of Medicine,

858.534.2033

Subjects aged 18-65 with current sinus 
allergy symptoms to grass pollen needed for 
study requiring donation of blood, allergy skin 

testing, pulmonary function testing, and 
completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $450 for completion of 4 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

UCSD SINUS ALLERGY 
BLOOD DONOR STUDY:

Contact Brianna Palumbo
UCSD Airway Research Center

619-471-0822

Subjects aged 18-65 with current asthma 
symptoms to grass pollen needed for study 

requiring donation of blood, allergy skin 
testing, pulmonary function testing, and 

completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $575 for completion of 5 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

UCSD ASTHMA BLOOD 
DONOR STUDY:

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

While the Internet and educa-
tional resources are widely available 
today, two-thirds of the world are 
still left out due to issues such as low 
bandwidth or lack of Internet access. 
To remedy this injustice, members 
of the Foundation for Learning 
Equality (FLE) created KA Lite.

The FLE is an unofficial non-
profit organization dedicated to 
making educational content readily 
available to everyone. Its project, 
KA Lite, is an offline open educa-
tional sharing system launched in 
December 2012 by a UCSD cogni-
tive science doctoral candidate and 
a team of volunteers from not only 
UCSD but also different countries. 

KA Lite implements a micro-
computer called Raspberry Pi to 
access local, offline servers that 
contain educational material videos 
and various exercises. Its computer 
language, Python, is supported by 
multiple computing systems to give 
students both the easy installation 
and multi-platform compatibility. 

All educational content distrib-
uted by KA Lite is developed by 

Khan Academy, a nonprofit edu-
cational website working to pro-
vide free worldwide education. 
According to KA Lite representa-
tives from UCSD, Khan Academy 
has recognized KA Lite’s efforts and 
is working with them in a support-
ive relationship.

“We don’t yet, until we’ve been 
incorporated as a nonprofit, have an 
official partnership,” a KA Lite rep-
resentative said in a statement to the 
Guardian. “But we’re good friends 
with people in Khan Academy and 
are coordinating with them to get 
help with things like international-
ization and to get the content out 
to people.” 

The goal of KA Lite platforms 
is to give any student without the 
privilege of Internet access or high 
bandwidth, whether in the US or 
other parts of the world, the chance 
to participate in an offline “online” 
learning experience. 

KA Lite has been used in places 
such as prisons, India and sub-Saha-
ran Africa.

Representatives of KA Lite noted 
an example in which a prisoner 
committed himself to using the edu-

cational platform to find a new life 
for himself. They said that he had 
dropped out of school in fifth grade 
and that turning to KA Lite was the 
first time that he had returned to 
education since then. They also said 
that the prisoner, who has been in 
prison three times, has expressed 
that he would never go back after 
being given the opportunity to pur-
sue education again.

But implementing widely acces-
sible offline platforms has its fair 
share of challenges. KA Lite rep-
resentatives said that synchroniz-
ing data and implementing updates 
from widespread devices that con-
nect only occasionally to other serv-
ers in different locations can be 
difficult to manage. This is because 
information on a device connected 
to one server cannot be transferred 
to other servers in different loca-
tions, simply because they servers 
are offline. 

To resolve this, the KA Lite team 
is working to utilize portable USB 
disks as a way to provide data syn-
chronization between local servers. 

“It’s about reducing barriers,” the 
representative said. “We’re dedicated 

to optimizing performance as well.” 
In the future, KA Lite represen-

tatives hope to expand their project 
in order to allow locals to create 
educational material that’s relevant 
to their society. 

“We see it evolving towards a more 
general platform for sharing and for 

creating open educational resources,” 
the representative said. “We can facili-
tate global sharing to help bridge cul-
tures and education barriers to create a 
more inclusive society.”

readers can contact

katheryn  wang     xiw029@ucsd.edu 

Bringing “Lite” to Worldwide Education
A team of UCSD students collaborate in the KA Lite project, an educational 
platform that provides the experience of online education to the offline world.

By  kath eryn  wang  staff writer

IMAGe COURTeSY Of KA LITe



C A L E N D A R  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

THE LONELY FOREST WITH NOW, NOW
THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER

THU4.25 • 8PM
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
4 . 2 2  -  4 . 2 8

2 0 1 3

MON4.22
5pm
TEA WITH TRITONS—MARSHALL RM, PC 
WEST
An interfaith dialogue with the aim of fostering 
understanding between various religions and 
students on campus. Come join different religious 
communities for tea, sweets, and eye-opening 
discussions! Free and open to the UCSD community. 
Sponsored by Associated Students.

7pm
ZERO INJUSTICE: REDEFINING 
SUSTAINABILITY—PC EAST BALLROOM
Too often has sustainability been reduced to clean 
technologies and business practices. So what do 
genuine sustainability practices and policies look 
like? Join Winona LaDuke, Van Jones, and Dr. Leslie 
Lewis for a lecture on redefining sustainability as 
the movement that addresses both environmental 
destruction and social inequality. Be a part of the 
discussion that stresses the importance of 
committing to zero injustice in order to move 
towards a healthier planet. Presented by the 
Student Sustainability Collective, a registered UCSD 
student organization. Free and open to the public. 
Contact: skim523@gmail.com

TUE4.23
2pm
BUILDING SOCIAL CONFIDENCE—WARREN 
COLLEGE RM, PC WEST
Presented by Tiffany O'Meara, PhD, Counseling 
and Psychological Services. Do you get anxious in 
social situations? Would you like to improve 
confidence in making friends, dating, or 
approaching authority figures? Dr. Tiffany O'Meara 
uses a 'cognitive-behavioral' approach to 
understanding social anxiety and building social 
confidence. In this interactive session, you will 
identify thought and behavior patterns that keep 
you from reaching your personal and career goals, 
and you will leave with tools to help reduce anxiety 
and increase confidence.

6pm
PUBLIC SPEAKING—CROSS CULTURAL 
CENTER, COMMUNIDAD SMALL RM, PC EAST
Presented by Becky Phung, Jesse Perez, and 
Sadat Nazrul, CSI-Communication & Leadership. In 
this interactive session, students will understand 
the tools necessary to speak confidently and 
prepare professional presentations. In addition, 
participants will learn about effective nonverbal 
communication, visual aids, techniques for 
overcoming stage fright and anxiety, and tips for 
preparation.

6:30pm
UCSD ROLLS OUT THE RED CARPET: GRAD 
NITE PARTY FOR CLASS OF ’13
Visit UCSD Grad Central to find out about events 
and services for so many things associated with 
graduation that matter. UCSD's red carpet, kick-off 
party for the class of 2013 is Tuesday, April 23, 
6:30pm-9:30pm. Co-hosted with the UCSD Alumni 
association. Register for a Fast Pass at 
http://alumni.ucsd.edu/gradnite2013. Grads are 
invited to bring their family and friends to this 
not-to-be-missed event and experience: senior 
class gift challenge, hundreds of dollars worth of 
raffles, food, networking with Alumni, find out 
about class rings, diploma frames, grad 
announcements, take senior portraits, sign the 
2013 class plaque, PLUS discounts and sales 
exclusive to this night only. And Triton Pride Grad 
Packs too!

SAT4.27
7am
ROCK CLIMB MISSION GORGE—MEET AT 
OUTBACK ADVENTURES, PEPPER CANYON
Mission Trails Regional Park is a local hot spot for 
climbing only 20 minutes from campus. The 
climbing is excellent with routes for both first time 
and experienced climbers. Our experienced and 
supportive guides will lead you through a fun and 
challenging progression of climbs throughout the 
day. Knots, rope handling, belaying, safety, and 
climbing technique will be covered. All climbing 
equipment is provided. Come spend the day with 
us on the rocks! Signup online, in person at the 
Rental Shop (behind Pepper Canyon, Surf Shop (in 
PC) or over the phone (858-534-0684). Pricing 
(before close on 4/21): UCSD students $39, Others 
$54. After 4/21: UCSD students $45, Others $59

9:30am
VOLUNTEER AT HEALTH CORPS/EDUCATION 
CORPS HEALTH FAIR—BAYSIDE COMMUNITY 
CENTER, SAN DIEGO
Volunteer with Health Corps and Education Corps at 
their 1st Annual Health Fair! We are in need of 
volunteers to help run booths at our health fair at 
Bayside Community Center in Linda Vista. Booths 
will include healthy snacks, exercises, health trivia 
and more! Shifts will be in two hour blocks from 
9:30am to 3:30pm. Questions? Email 
sdhealthcorps@gmail.com

5:30pm
ALTERNATIVE BREAKS AT UCSD’S 7TH 
ANNUAL BENEFIT DINNER—PC BALLROOM 
WEST
Join Alternative Breaks at its 7th annual Benefit 
Dinner where we will have a special evening of 
dinner, opportunity draws, live entertainment, silent 
auction, guest speakers, and, most importantly, the 
showcasing of Alternative Breaks' active citizenship 
and impact on various social justice issues. All 
proceeds will go towards the collaborative in order 
to help future active citizens. Tickets: *All UCSD 
students (with valid UCSD ID) are eligible to receive 
a free ticket to the Benefit Dinner, with a $10 
suggested donation. *All current Community 
Advisor and Alumni Participant tickets are priced at 
$7 (pre-sale) and $10 at the door. *All non-UCSD 
student tickets will be sold at $25 (pre-sale) and 
$28 at the door. Tickets will go on sale on April 
22nd. Dress code: Cocktail Attire

THU4.25
10am
MEDITATION AT THE ZONE—THE ZONE
Come to The Zone from 10:00-10:30am for free 
meditation classes! Practice a variety of techniques 
to achieve greater mental clarity and a peaceful 
state of being. With the constant stress of 
academics and campus life, meditation will help 
recharge your mind and body. All levels welcome.

1:30pm
THERAPY DOGS! FREE EVERY 
THURSDAY—THE ZONE, PRICE CTR PLAZA 
Drop into The Zone every Thursday from 1:30 to 
2:30 pm to get some love from adorable, 
professional therapy dogs! Studies show that 
petting an animal can lower stress, and the smiles 
on students' faces proves this to be the case every 
time.

4pm
REDUCE YOUR USE; ENERGY AUDIT 
CLASS—SUSTAINABILITY RESOURCE CENTER 
Interested in learning about how to assess how 
much energy you're using in your dorm or 
apartment? Come check out a free class offered by 
PowerSave Green Campus next Thursday, April 25th 
at 4:00pm in the Sustainability Resource Center, 
Price Center Plaza! The course will cover helpful tips 
on reducing energy and water usage, and saving 
money, too! A great session for students interested 
in learning more about energy efficiency and its 
applications.

8pm
THE LONELY FOREST WITH NOW, NOW—THE 
LOFT
Consisting of four Anacortes, Washington natives, 
The Lonely Forest has remained a consistent and 
strong American Northwest treasure. Working 
alongside Guitarist/Producer Chris Walla, of Death 
Cab For Cutie, they are currently recording material 
for their upcoming record. Not afraid to get loud, 
they weave intimate lyrics around screaming guitar 
lines, creating a powerful Indie-Rock sound that will 
shake the foundations of The Loft, as well as heart 
strings. 8pm Doors / 9pm Show. $8 UCSD Student / 
$10 General Public

FRI4.26
7pm
BATTLE OF THE BANDS FOR BE THE 
MATCH—THE LOFT
Enjoy a FREE night of live music and prizes while 
supporting a good cause at the Loft on campus! 
Kappa Psi Pharmaceutical Fraternity is teaming up 
with Be the Match Registry to bring you the 4th 
Battle of the Bands for Be the Match! For patients 
with life-threatening cancers like leukemia and 
lymphoma, a cure exists in the form of a 
life-saving bone marrow transplant. Come support 
the cause by registering as a potential donor, 
participating in our silent auction, and voting on 
your favorite act of the night. Enjoy food and 
beverages from Zanzibar. Doors open at 7pm, 
show starts at 7:30pm - don't miss it!

DEADLINE
APPLICATIONS FOR SAN DIEGO 
JUSTICECORPS 2013-2014 - DEADLINE 
EXTENDED
Help others help themselves find justice. Learn 
about the law and life in return. As a part-time 
JusticeCorps member, you will be trained in 
specific legal skills to provide information to 
self-represented litigants to resolve their legal 
matters from September 2013 through June 2014. 
Members learn legal terms, how to fill out required 
forms, and how to explain court proceedings.

WED4.24
2pm
THE INS AND OUTS OF SOCIAL 
MEDIA—ROOSEVELT COLLEGE RM, PC WEST
Presented Nancy Nguyen and Tiffany Rivera, 
CSI-Community Service. This workshop will address 
how students can use social media to (1) brand 
themselves as individuals and (2) effectively market 
and manage their student organization(s).

8pm
ARGENTINE TANGO CLUB WEEKLY 
PRACTICA—WEST BALCONY, MAIN GYM
The Argentine Tango Club at UCSD presents a 
weekly practica from 8-11pm on Wednesdays 
during spring quarter. The first hour (8-9pm) is 
especially dedicated to beginners and advanced 
beginners. No partner required; no prior experience 
necessary. Come and experience what Argentine 
Tango is all about!! For more information about the 
club, visit ucsdtango.wordpress.com and friend us 
on Facebook (facebook.com/UCSDTango) or join the 
mailing list.



10 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

- Latin - Jazz - Zydeco Country - Slow 
Dancing - Pole Dancing - Flamenco 
Waltzes - Tangos - Easy listening - 
Etc.   Call DJ O. Sergio at 858.405.8210. 
The Sound Gallery a service of “Bird 
Rock Computer Pros.” 5560 La Jolla, 
Blvd. Ste. J - La Jolla, CA 92037

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 Key in
6 The thing over there
10 Stalactite site
14 Sticky
15 Get a new mortgage for, briefly
16 Opinion piece, for short
17 Mott’s product
19 Tear up, as a check
20 __ Moines
21 Transvaal settler
22 With all one’s heart
24 What daredevils seem to lack
25 Place to fish from
26 Wore an upside-down frown
29 Rail chemical carriers
33 Burgundy, for one
34 Pitched shelter
35 Dickens’s Uriah
36 State purposefully
37 Latin ballroom dance
38 Mythological ship
39 Hop out of bed
40 Whizzes
41 Monastery member
42 Fix
44 University officer
45 Greenhouse containers
46 Constructed
47 It starts after the overture
50 Newspaper unit
51 Captain’s “I need help ASAP!”
54 Extinguish, with “out”
55 Gust of wind, e.g.
58 Hamster’s home
59 Drop anchor
60 Counters with beads
61 Train for a bout
62 Japanese wrestling
63 Water bottle capacity

DOWN
1 Antiquated exclamation
2 “Don’t think so”
3 Does better than
4 Sinuous swimmer
5 Microbrewery offering
6 More loyal
7 Estate beneficiary
8 Org. with Raiders and Steelers
9 Was linked with
10 Nightclub minimum
11 Each
12 Bridal accessory
13 Rapids phenomenon
18 “The Grapes of Wrath” family name
23 “A spider!”
24 ‘60s-’70s passive resistance slogan
25 Dieter’s feelings of distress
26 Marks for life
27 Studio production
28 Gambler’s words of lament
29 Church belief
30 High-altitude nest
31 Cordelia’s sister
32 Golf or tennis
34 RPM gauges
37 Wrestling duos
41 Part of FBI
43 Physics particle
44 Old World Style pasta sauce brand
46 Computer user’s shortcut
47 Elementary lessons
48 Applaud
49 Old Roman wrap
50 Seniors often take limos to it
51 Bench, for one
52 It’s often enough
53 Instigate, with “up”
56 Debtor’s letters
57 Hitter’s stat

Housing
UCSD - $2450 - Available July or 
September - 3 bedrooms 2.5 bath 
condo near Ralphs, Trader Joe’s, Gilman 
Drive, perfect for 3-5 students. Attached 
2-car garage, washer/dryer, pool/spa. 
Listing ID: 53435259 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

3-4 Student Housing - Available 
September - 3 bedrooms 1.5 bath 
condo off Eastgate Mall Road, perfect 
for 3-4 students.   Washer/dryer, pool/
spa.  Near bus line. Contact ninaho24@
hotmail.com.

3 bdrm - $2450/month - Available 
July or September - $2450/month - 
spacious 3 bedrooms 2.5 bath condo 
with attached 2-car garage near UCSD, 
Trader Joe’s and Gilman Drive. Washer/
dryer, pool/spa. Email ninaho24@hot-
mail.com for more info.

Room for rent Clairemont Mesa - $1000 
- PRIVATE ENTRANCE TO A LARGE AND 
PRIVATE MASTER BEDROOM(HAS AIR 
COND). ROOM HAS ITS OWN LAUNDRY 
ROOM, BATH ROOM, AND INCLUDES A 
SMALL KICTHEN WITH SINK AND SMALL 
REFER. LARGE WINDOW THAT FACES 
FOR YARD, AND ALSO HAS A ENTRANE 
TO THE MAIN HOUSE.INCLUDES OFF 
THE STREET PARK IN A VERY NICE 
CLAIRMONT AREA IN SAN DIEGO. THIS 
REALLY IS A SUPER NICE LARGE ROOM, 
THAT YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED 
IN. ITS JUST MY SON (SAN DIEGO STATE 
STUDENT) AND MYSELF IN THE HOUSE. 
Listing ID: 53635574 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

GOOD DRIVERS
NEEDED

Aide wanted by disabled 
professional woman. 

$17/hr

Get the perfect part-time job. Earn
$12.85/hour. Work on campus. Flexible

hours. Paid training. Hiring now for
summer training. UCSD students only.
Details at shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

Weekdays 6am-noon, Sun 7am-3pm. Must 
own car.  1+year commitment. No home care 

experience needed  (will train); Computer skills 
required. Female preferred. Email resume, 
references and preferred phone number to 

Jen92103@yahoo.com

Bikes
Beach cruiser brand new never been 
used - $120 - I am selling my beach 
cruiser. It is brand new. It’s never been 
used. It still has the tags on it. It’s a 
Panama Jack. Very cute! It has a cup 
holder for your beverage and a cute 
little purse attached. Please call Lindsey 
at if you are interested. Thanks! Listing 
ID: 53652467 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

Mens NISHIKI Bicycle Bike mtb - $125 
- As pictured - Mens Nishiki “Pueblo” 
mountain bicycle. Size 18” (med) (28.8 
standover height). 26” wheels. Very 
like-new condition. 24-speed, I believe. 
Never really ridden that much. Please 
text or call and leave a message. Listing 
ID: 53652469 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

LIKE NEW Bike Tires, Wheels and Tubes 
- $15 - Duro blackwall 26” x 2.125 tires 
with wheels and tubes. Like new con-
dition. Great for beach cruiser bikes, 
pedicabs, unicycles, juggling, etc.  
Many available - $15/each. Listing ID: 
53652474 at ucsdguardian.org/classi-
fieds for more information

Music services 
“Sound Gallery” Award-Winning DJ 
Service. Creative, experienced, profes-
sional DJ, and a music collection sec-
ond-to-none.   Playing “Free Style” all 
genres and eras! - All the way back 
to the invention of stereo sound (late 
50’s)  Indoor/outdoor events and clubs - 
Playing top 40 Old School - New School 

AWARD-WINNING DJ SERVICE

A Service of Bird Rock Computer Pros.

Ph 858-405-8210
mainserge@hotmai l .com

SOUND  GA L L E RY

DJ O. Sergio



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

Track Continues to Tune up in Preparation for CCAA
 TRack  &  Field

UCSD’s track and field team came 
back with some good results from 
the Soka Peace Invitational in Aliso 
Viejo, Calif. last weekend in its last 
meet before the postseason. The team 
faced both local and out-of-state com-
petitors in the meet, April 19 and April 
20, and earned 17 first-place marks 
and four podium sweeps on Friday 
and Saturday. The women took 11 of 
the 17 first place finishes and three 
podium sweeps and earned first place 
in six of the seven track events. The 
men had six first place marks and one 
podium sweep as well.

Top competitor and sophomore 
Sabrina Pimentel earned a new per-
sonal best in the women’s 400-meter 
dash with 55.95 seconds. This new 
record earned her a No. 3 spot on 
UCSD’s all-time top 10 list for the 400-
meter event.

Other women’s track wins included 
senior Chelsey Kamson’s victory in the 
200-meter (25.18) and senior Raquel 
Ormsby in the 100 hurdles (15.20). 
Junior Lorato Anderson earned a first-
place finish in the 800-meter race 
with 2:15.27, and junior Lauren Irish 
took the win in the 400-meter hurdles 
with 1:04.12. In the 4x400-meter relay, 
Pimentel, sophomore Ellexi Snover, 
Kamson and Irish took the win with 
3:51.21.

On the field, junior Eva Isaacs 
moved to the No. 4 spot from her 
previous No. 6 place on UCSD’s all-
time top 10 list for the women’s shot 
put with her new personal best of 
43’3.25”. Freshman Julia Wildenthaler 
leapt for an impressive 5’3” mark to tie 
for first in the long jump, and fellow 
freshman Sydney Blakeley won the 
high jump (11’11.75”) and the pole 
vault. In the triple jump, sophomore 

Chantia Justice leapt for 39’4” to take 
first place.

Junior Aletha Vassilakis won first 
with a season-best of 127’1” in the 
javelin.

In the men’s events, senior A.B. 
Shaheen earned a new Lebanese 
national record after he won the 
hammer throw, improving his 
personal-best distance to 191’3”. 
Shaheen beat out three state com-
petitors and moved to the No. 3 spot 
on UCSD’s all-time top 10 list for 
the hammer throw.

Senior Ryan Eckert took first with 
his winning toss of 51’2.75” in the 
shot put, while fellow senior Kiley 
Libuit won the javelin with 197’3”. 
Junior Benjamin Berthet cleared a 
15’5” height to win the pole vault, and 
senior Quentin McWhorter won with 
a leap of 21’10”.

UCSD men’s track and field head 
coach Tony Salerno spoke highly of his 
team and the strength in the younger 
competitors over the weekend.

“We got exactly what we wanted 
out of the meet,” Salerno said to the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “We 
had some outstanding performances 
in several events, but more impor-
tantly, we had some of our younger 
people make some significant break-
throughs.”

UCSD will have its fourth and 
final home meet of the season this 
Thursday through Saturday, April 25 
to April 27, at the Triton Invitational. 
The elite discus competition will start 
on Thursday, the women’s hammer 
throw and five other field events will 
begin on Friday and the remaining 
events will take place on Saturday 
starting at 10 a.m.

BY  leaH  PeRRi  staff writer

readers can contact
leaH  PeRRi    lperri@ucsd.edu 

ers were Steve Montgomery, Israel 
Chaves, Jim Cole and Steve Edny. 
A San Diego Union-Tribune story 
I found praised Montgomery. Still, 
Montgomery’s stats aren’t on ESPN’s 
stats archives, But then again, neither 
is any reference to Triton basketball. 
We’ll work on that.

UCSD’s first documented defeat 
over San Diego State University 
in something other than academ-
ics (which occurred in November 
1960) came on Jan. 11, 1967, when 
Triton wrestlers defeated the Aztecs 
21–11.

UCSD’s now-dried-up Triton 
fishing team participated in a tourna-
ment against UCSB, UCLA and USC 
in 1967. We came is Bass Place in the 
meet.

Modern Division-I programs tend 
to have the appearance of a built-in 
athletic legacy. Last month’s basket-
ball Cinderella sweetheart Florida 
Gulf Coast University’s average 
freshmen are three years older than 
the university itself, yet the school 
now has a pair of tournament wins, 
whereas ancient programs like that of 
Northwestern University, have failed 
to yield a bid to the big dance even 
as they boast success in a variety of 
other programs). UCSD may not be 
D-I (yet), but the history and “tradi-
tion” of the student athletes on cam-
pus here has already been solidified, 
and even if they’re buried in a folder 
in a box in a part of Geisel no one 
has heard of, their legacy has become 
part of the university’s history.

A Glance 
Back at 
Triton 
Athletics
▶ HURWITz, from page 12

UCSD gets some promising results out of Soka Invitational. UCSD returns for Triton Invitational this week.

PhOTO bY bRIAN YIP/Guardian file



SPORTS contact the editorRacHel  Udasports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 2 ,  2 0 1 3  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

UCSD: 
From 
Humble 
Beginnings

zev  hurwitz 
zhurwitz@ucsd.edu

Warming the  
bench

UCSD’s athletics program is relatively young, but is not without a storied history. 
However, as I looked around to delve 
deep into the department’s “proud 
tradition of academic and athletic 
excellence,” it soon became clear that 
one may need more than a shovel to 
dig deep enough to find the high-
lights of UCSD athletics history.

As soon as I sign my lucrative 
professional athlete contract, the 
second thing I will donate to UCSD 
will be the first-ever UCSD Athletics 
Museum. But my first order of busi-
ness will be to name the football 
stadium “Hurwitz Field at Penny Rue 
Stadium” to showcase the young but 
(to me, at least) incredible story of 
the program.

To find out more about the 
early history of Triton athletics, 
I went to the Mandeville Special 
Collections Library to pan for gold 
in the archives. To clarify, Mandeville 
Special Collections is inside Geisel 
Library, not in the Mandeville 
Center (which is completely covered 
in spray paint). If you even did so 
much as bring a can of spray paint to 
the Mandeville Special Collections 
archives, university prosecutors 
would recommend the death penalty. 
It’s clean in there.

I went through the first file of 
news releases related to our sports 
program, and I was instantly taken 
aback by the sheer amount of history 
I hadn’t seen anywhere else. The “tra-
dition of excellence” motto is true for 
both academics and athletics dating 
back to the very first Triton squad.

Case in point: UCSD’s very first 
athletics team played its first soc-
cer match in December 1963. Yes, 
there was a time in UCSD’s history 
when every single athletic team was 
undefeated. UCSD’s team of 11 Ph.D. 
candidates and three who already 
had received Ph.D.s defeated the 
University of Baja California’s School 
of Marine Sciences 2–0.

Triton diehards will remember 
great soccer legends like Dr. Archie 
Hendry, Tony Bowen and Giovanni 
Caprioglio, who all made the San 
Diego Soccer League All Stars Team 
in 1964. Most of the players were 
graduate students at the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, but 
Hendry had already received his 
doctorate and was 27 when the team 
formed. Two other players were 
graduates of Cambridge and Oxford 
and Caprioglio, who had also com-
pleted his graduate work, was actu-
ally taking time off from his full-time 
engineering job to participate in the 
inaugural Triton squad.

And I thought it was hard enough 
to balance my own undergraduate 
social sciences classes with my ath-
letic activity. (Most recently, I played 
center on an intramural men’s basket-
ball team aptly named “Slam Dump.” 
We lost every game.)

UCSD’s sailing team launched in 
January 1965 and hosted a seven-UC 
campus tournament in 1966. Triton 
basketball launched under Coach 
Jack Shawcroft and lost its first game 
to UC Riverside on Dec. 4, 1965. 
The team’s 16 players were selected 
from a tryout of 56 students, and the 
first game was played in the La Jolla 
Country Day School’s gymnasium.

Among the first team’s ring-

See HURWITz, page 11

SOFTBall

Swept Down the Stretch
Dropping four games to Humboldt State, UCSD needs three wins to 

secure a second place seed in the CCAA Championships.

BY  RacHel  Uda  SPORTS EDITOR   photoS  by  NOlaN  THOMaS 

The UCSD softball team failed to clinch a place in the California Collegiate Athletics Association Championships 
after losing four straight games to No. 6 
nationally ranked Humboldt State Friday and 
Saturday, April 19 and April 20 on the road.

Humboldt State took an 11–5 win in the 
first game of the series on the back of left-
fielder Dani Randall, who recorded three 
home runs in her four at-bats for six runs 
batted in. Randall’s unheard-of performance 
cut the game short after six innings by way of 
the eight-run mercy rule.

UCSD deployed junior right-hander 
Jennifer Manuel (10–2) in the second game 
of the series, but the Lumberjacks still hit the 
junior ace up for two home runs, both from 
designated player Hannah Williams. With 
the score 4–2 up until the fourth inning, 
Humboldt State broke the game open in its 
next turn at the plate, recording four runs and 
securing the win.

On account of the mercy rule, the third 
game also ended prematurely. The Tritons 
went ahead early on a three-run home run 
by freshman McKenna Clewett in the top 
of the second, but the lead was short-lived, 
as a home run from Williams and a triple 

from Randall put the Lumberjacks up 5–3. 
Humboldt ended the game in the bottom of 
the fifth, scoring four runs on five hits to take 
the 11–3 win.

In the lowest-scoring bout of the series, the 
game remained tied 2–2 going into the bottom 
of the sixth until sophomore pitcher Michelle 
Escamilla loaded the bases. With two outs, 
Randall singled for two RBI and was brought 
home off a double from catcher Courtney Hiatt. 
UCSD head coach Patti Gerckens brought 
Manuel in to end the inning, but the Tritons 
were unable to recover from there. 

“I think our team worked very hard, and 
learned a lot from both them and ourselves 
this weekend and we’re going to keep working 
hard,” Manuel said.

The Tritons — currently ranked second in 
the conference behind Humboldt State — will 
now look to face third-ranked Chico State. 
UCSD (21–11 in the CCAA) is just one game 
in front of the Wildcats (20–12 in the CCAA) 
and will need at least two wins to maintain its 
second-place seed heading into the four-team 
conference tournament.

“It’s an important [series], but I feel like 
we’re ready and motivated to push harder and 
finish strong,” Manuel said.

UcSd  3, Humboldt State  5       4/20/13
Player ab r h rbi bb
SEPULVEDA, Taylor cf 3 0 2 1 0
MCQUAID, Emily 3b 4 1 2 0 0
WILLMON, Kirsten lf 2 0 0 0 0
SPANGLER, Nicole 1b 2 0 1 1 1
BROWN, Caitlin c 3 0 0 0 0
ROMERO, Mya ss 1 0 0 0 0
GUTIERREZ, Alissa rf 1 0 0 0 0
CLEWETT, McKenna 2b 3 0 0 0 0

Totals 24 3 7 3 2
ip h r bb so

ESCAMILLA, Michelle rhp L 5.2 9 5 6 4
MANUEL, Jennifer rhp 0.1 0 0 1 0

UcSd  5, Humboldt State  8        4/19/13
Player ab r h rbi bb
SEPULVEDA, Taylor cf 4 0 1 0 0
MCQUAID, Emily 3b 4 1 3 1 0
WILLMON, Kirsten lf 4 0 2 1 0
BROWN, Caitlin c 4 1 1 1 0
GUTIERREZ, Alissa rf 2 0 0 0 0
ROMERO, Mya ss 3 1 2 0 0
SAUNDERS, Katie c 2 1 0 0 1
CLEWETT, McKenna 2b 2 1 1 0 0

Totals 32 5 12 4 1
ip h r bb so

MANUEL, Jennifer rhp L 6.0 11 8 4 1

UcSd  3, Humboldt State  11        4/20/13
Player ab r h rbi bb
SEPULVEDA, Taylor cf 3 0 0 0 0
MCQUAID, Emily 3b 3 0 1 0 0
WILLMON, Kirsten lf 3 0 0 0 0
SPANGLER, Nicole 1b 1 0 0 0 1
BROWN, Caitlin c 2 0 0 0 0
ROMERO, Mya ss 2 1 2 0 0
IMOTO, Dyanna rf 0 0 0 0 0
CLEWETT, McKenna 2b 2 1 1 3 0

Totals 19 3 5 3 1
ip h r bb so

HENSEL, Kayla rhp L 3.0 5 7 4 1
MANUEL, Jennifer rhp 1.1 7 4 3 0

UcSd  3, Humboldt State  11        4/19/13
Player ab r h rbi bb
SEPULVEDA, Taylor cf 3 1 0 0 0
MCQUAID, Emily 3b 2 0 0 0 0
WILLMON, Kirsten lf 3 1 3 1 0
BROWN, Caitlin c 3 0 1 0 0
SPANGLER, Nicole 1b/pr 3 0 1 1 0
GUTIERREZ, Alissa rf 3 0 0 0 0
CLEWETT, McKenna 2b 3 0 0 0 0
ROMERO, Mya ss 2 0 1 1 0

Totals 23 3 6 3 1
ip h r bb so

ESCAMILLA, Michelle rhp L 1.2 4 6 1 2
HENSEL, Kayla rhp 4.0 8 5 2 2

readers can contact
rachel  uda     ruda@ucsd.edu 


	042213NEWS
	042213OPINION
	042213FEATURES
	042213_CALENDAR_Pg_9
	042213_Classifieds_PG10
	042213SPORTS

