
                    

A.S. Council transferred $60,000 
from its Mandated Reserves to the 
programming budget for student 
organizations on Wednesday, April 
16. The decision was influenced 
by student organizations requiring 
money for separate cultural gradua-
tion ceremonies.

According to VP Finances and 
Resources Sean O’Neal, program-
ming funds ran out due to money 
owed to college councils and KSDT 
earlier this year. Consequently, the 
A.S. budget was $140,000 less than 
expected. The budget for every A.S. 
office was reduced, including about 
$30,000 from the student organiza-
tion programming budget, though 
A.S. Concerts and Events was spared.

“This year, we were trying to 
rebuild A.S. and make sure we were 
doing everything lawfully,” O’Neal 
said. “Past councils ignored or were 
not even aware of these issues. We 
might have had less money to work 

with, and that might have hurt 
organizations a bit, but we were 
doing everything legally accord-
ing to UCSD and UC Office of the 
President policies.”

The vote passed 27–4–0, although 
according to Revelle Senator Soren 
Nelson, at the beginning of the 
council meeting, many more council 
members had intended on voting 
“no.” Multiple representatives from 
student organizations came into the 
meeting to ask A.S. Council to with-
draw the funds. According to next 
year’s VP Finances and Resources 
Igor Geyn, these students’ personal 
testimonies were “incredibly power-
ful and moving.”

“I don’t feel what happened in 
A.S. over the past couple years should 
fall on student orgs,” Geyn said. “We 
need to have that rainy-day fund, 
but it’s also a public institution and 
people are paying in student fees. 
They’re only here for four years, so 
trying to make sure that people who 
are paying in student fees are getting 

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 47              MONDAY, APRIL 21, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

          
VERBATIM

... the way we metaphorically 
frame social problems implicitly 
influences the decisions we 
make to solve them.”

- Nico Hemsley
JUSTICE IS SERVED

OPINION, PAGE 4

“
FORECAST

MONDAY
H 75 L 55

TUESDAY
H 68 L 54

WEDNESDAY
H 70 L 54

THURSDAY
H 72 L 54

Young the Giant, Juicy J, 
Diplo to Headline Festival

SUN  GOD  FESTIVAL

ASCE will implement new policies this year, including online 
wristband registration, a no-guest policy and a no-host policy.

BY   Gabri ella Fleisch man    News Editor
A.S. Concerts and Events released the Sun 

God Festival 2014 lineup Friday, April 18. The 
lineup includes Diplo, who many suspected 
would perform after he slated “UC San Diego” 
for May 16 on his tour calendar. Also included 
on the lineup is Irvine rock band Young the 
Giant, rapper Juicy J and New Politics, the art-
ist behind last summer’s “Harlem.” 

In Fall Quarter 2013, ASCE conducted a 
student survey to determine this year’s lineup.

“For us, the survey results were a strong 
compass in terms of the acts we chose to 
pursue and stand firm on,” ASCE Festivals 
Director Andrea Hsueh said. “We made a very 
conscious effort to listen to the feedback we 
were provided and diversify our lineup while 
pursuing the largest names we could within 
our budget.”

This year’s Sun God Festival requires stu-
dents to reserve wristbands online in advance 
so they can easily be identified during the festi-

val, meaning students are also required to carry 
their ID cards with them at all times.

There will be extra safety precautions due 
to the number of hospitalizations that occurred 
during last year’s festival, including a campus-
wide no-guest policy and a no-host policy 
in International House and The Village. The 
no-guest policy stipulates that no non-students 
will be allowed to stay in residential areas, 
while the no-host policy stipulates that only 
residents who live in those areas may be there.

The rest of the lineup includes Joey 
Bada$$, Audien, Ty Dolla $ign, Torro 
Torro, Giraffage, Miner, 2TONEDISCO 
and Jhameel. DJ Demon will be the Sun 
God Stage House DJ, Joey Avery will be the 
Comedy/Midway Host and James Kellogg Jr. 
will be the Comedy Hypnotist.

A.S.  COUNCIL

Student Orgs Will Gain 
$60,000 From Reserves
A.S. voted to dip into the “rainy-day” funds to replace 
money diverted to KSDT and college council allocations.

See BUDGET, page 2
readers can contact

gabri ella  fleisch man     gfleisch@ucsd.edu 

BY  gabri ella  fleisch man  
news editor

Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Wagner Festival .............. 8
Classifieds .................... 10
Calendar ....................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN

INSIDE THIS ISSUE

SUN GOD FESTIVAL 2014

AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH: UCSD re-
searchers, Autism Society San Diego and 
others speak about their own experiences 
with autism. FEATURES, PAGE 6

QUEENDOM CUP: Women’s water polo 
(pictured) beat SDSU for its first-ever 
Harper Cup win. SPORTS, PAGE 12



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. The Zev Exodus, Part II.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Amber Shroyer, Lauren Koa, Allie Kiekhofer

Copy Readers
Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Emily Bender, Rosina Garcia, Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker

events, services and programs back 
should be as important as maintain-
ing that emergency fund.”

Nelson, one of the four council 
members who voted against pull-
ing funds from Mandate Reserves, 
felt uncomfortable withdrawing 
reserves without a plan for replac-
ing them.

“It’s impossible to tell what’s 
going to happen,” Nelson said. “The 
point of reserves is to be that buf-
fer between us and uncertainty. The 
reality of it is that this association just 
doesn’t bring in enough money to do 
what students want it to. Internal 
structural changes aren’t going to be 
enough; the student activity fee will 
just have to go up.”

Geyn, however, sees re-allocation 
as a better solution than increasing 
student fees. Tritons Forward — the 
slate that won every executive, cam-
puswide and academic senator posi-
tion — campaigned on the platform 
of increasing the A.S. Council budget 

without raising the student activ-
ity fee by implementing measures 
such as an A.S. coffee cart or dining 
hall. The revenue made from these 
proposed ventures would go toward 
the general A.S. budget. Whether 
this would be allocated toward the 
programming budget or another part 
of the A.S. budget may be later deter-
mined.

“I think part of it is just that 
we have a growing number of stu-
dent orgs on campus,” Geyn said. 
“Anything that we can do as A.S. to 
cut our own costs [and] make the 
AVP offices more efficient and bring 
in additional sources of revenue is 
going to be crucial. Like it or not, 
our job is to continue to fund these 
student organizations because they 
are the lifeblood of the undergradu-
ate experience.”

The ad hoc Special Committee 
on Assessing Student Organization 
Funding was created on Wednesday, 
April 16, to research possible solu-
tions to A.S. Council’s lack of neces-
sary revenue and to ensure this does 

not happen again. Geyn believes that 
part of this will be understanding 
where the students want funds to go. 

“If you put more into program-
ming, you take out of the other 
things that students care about as 
well,” Geyn said. “Who’s to say that 
by re-allocating, you aren’t creating 
the same issue with a different face 
on it?”

The $60,000 withdrawal leaves 
$300,000 in the Mandate Reserves, 
which O’Neal thinks will be suf-
ficient for next year. While Geyn 
agrees, he acknowledges that it limits 
Council’s flexibility in the case of an 
emergency situation. 

In addition to the $60,000 that 
was withdrawn last week, approxi-
mately $70,000 was taken from 
Mandate Reserves for other initia-
tives in the past year. Student organi-
zations took out $27,000 in interest-
free student loans and will return 
funds by the end of the year.

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

 

ASIAN EGG DONORS NEEDED
We are seeking attractive and intelligent women

under the age of 29 to help our clients create their family.
If you are interested in becoming an egg donor 

or just want to receive more information 
about the process please contact us.

Information is free and there is never 
an obligation if you inquire.

info@aperfectmatch.com or 1-800-264-8828

$25,000 plus expenses
CA Health and Safety Code Section 125325: “Egg donation involves a screening process. Not all potential egg donors are selected.

Not all selected egg donors receive the monetary amounts or compensation advertised. As with any medical procedure, there may be 
risks associated with human egg donation. Before an egg donor agrees to begin the egg donation process, and signs a legally binding 
contract, she is required to receive specific information on the known risks of egg donation. Consultation with your doctor prior to 

entering into a donor contract is advised.”

 

EGG DONORS NEEDED
We are seeking attractive and intelligent women 

of all ethnicities under the age of 29 to help 
our clients create their family.

If you are interested in becoming an egg donor 
or just want to receive more information 

about the process please contact us.
Information is free and there is never 

an obligation if you inquire.

info@aperfectmatch.com or 1-800-264-8828

$15,000 plus expenses
CA Health and Safety Code Section 125325: “Egg donation involves a screening process. Not all potential egg donors are selected.

Not all selected egg donors receive the monetary amounts or compensation advertised. As with any medical procedure, there may be 
risks associated with human egg donation. Before an egg donor agrees to begin the egg donation process, and signs a legally binding 
contract, she is required to receive specific information on the known risks of egg donation. Consultation with your doctor prior to 

entering into a donor contract is advised.”

CORRECTION

The Guardian corrects all errors 
brought to the attention of the 
editors. Corrections can be sent 
to editor@ucsd.guardian.org 

An April 17 article about 
the International Triton 
Transition Program incorrectly 
stated that UCSD Extension 
teaches students introductory 
grammatical skills and that 
the application deadline for 
the program is May 17. UCSD 
faculty and teaching assistants 
are, in fact, teaching the 
program, focusing on analytical 
writing and critical thinking 
skills. The actual application 
deadline is May 16. 

SCIENCE  &  TECHNOLOGY

UCSD Health System Provides Language 
Interpreting Device to Aid Communication

The UC San Diego Health 
System partnered with Language 
Access Network to provide a 
new, live-video remote inter-
preting device to enhance com-
munication and improve medi-
cal understanding.

The device, My Accessible 
Real-Time Trusted Interpreter, 
is a flat-screen computer tab-
let that connects via wireless 
Internet to LAN’s profession-
ally trained medical interpret-
ers. It employs a two-way video 
function and allows healthcare 
providers to have face-to-face 
communication with patients 
through the screen.

Healthcare providers are 
able to access Martti 24 hours 
a day through the tablet, allow-

ing patients to see interpreta-
tion through the screen. The 
live interpreter will stay with 
the patient as long as necessary 
throughout the entire process to 
provide professional interpreta-
tion services.

Martti also complies with 
the Health Insurance Portability 
and Accountability Act of 1996, 
which ensures insurance cover-
age of medical expenses.

According to an AV Network 
news source, the medical inter-
preters are proficient in more 
than 210 languages, including 
American Sign Language for 
deaf or mute patients.

A press release from LAN states 
that by utilizing a live video inter-
pretation technique, the Martti is 
able to retain the benefits of body 
language and facial expression that 
might be lost through other meth-
ods of interpretation.

Founder and Chief Operating 
Officer of LAN Andrew Panos 
thinks the device could signifi-
cantly improve communication 
between healthcare providers 
and patients.

“As a physician-led company, 
LAN knows that the price of 
miscommunication in health-
care can be extraordinary,” 
Panos said. “From missed diag-
noses and unnecessary tests to 
poor outcomes and patient dis-
satisfaction and confusion, the 
stakes can be very high. We 
believe language should never 
be a barrier to quality care.”

Currently, LAN is providing 
this service to over 350 medical 
facilities, including the UCSD 
Health System starting earlier 
this year.

readers can contact
yan  gao     yag016@ucsd.edu 

A.S. Council Looks for Alternative Revenue to Increase Budget
▶ BUDGET, from page 1

readers can contact
gabri ella  fleisch man     gfleisch@ucsd.edu 

follow us{ } /ucsdguardian @ucsdguardian{ }

BY  yan  gao  
associate news editor



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.
Saturday, April 12
4:07 p.m.: Hit and Run - No 
Injuries
The subject’s vehicle suffered damage 
to the rear back light and bumper 
at the Village Place and Market. 
Information only.
7:01 p.m.: Disturbance
Subjects were climbing on top of 
the Stonehenge structure in Revelle 
College. Gone on arrival. 

Sunday, April 13
12:15 a.m.: Disturbance
Subjects were wrestling in the 
common area of 1 Miramar Building 
1. Gone on arrival.
12:57 a.m.: Medical Aid
A student was arrested for disorderly 
conduct involving alcohol near 
International Lane. Closed by adult 
arrest — San Diego County Jail

Monday, April 14
12 p.m.: Vandalism
A subject was defacing playground 
property near the North Mesa 
Apartments, causing $100 in 
damages. Report taken.
12:45 p.m.: Animal Call
A dog was locked inside a car with 
no water at Lot 752. Gone on arrival.
11:02 p.m.: Disturbance
A subject was bothering others 
inside Geisel Library and was 

escorted out by security. Information 
only.

Tuesday, April 15
10:19 p.m.: Information
A passing bicyclist hit the reporting 
party’s rear end near Ledden 
Auditorium. Information only — no 
police contact wanted.
11:18 p.m.: Information
A vehicle appeared to have hit a 
dumpster in Lot 310. Checks OK.

Wednesday, April 16
7:07 a.m.: Medical Aid
The subject complained of chest 
pains in the Medical Teaching 
Facility. Transported to hospital. 
1:05 p.m.: Fire
A dumpster caught fire in Lot 703 
and was extinguished by the fire 
department. Report taken.

Thursday, April 17
5:24 p.m.: Medical Aid
A subject experienced an allergic 
reaction in the Preuss School. 
Transported to hospital.
10:20 p.m.: Suspicious Person
The subject allegedly followed the 
reporting party and threw food. 
Report taken.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER

California legislators are set to 
take up a bill that would enable 
junior colleges across the state to 
offer a limited amount of four-year 
degrees to undergraduates. The leg-
islation, Senate Bill 850, seeks to 
foster a larger number of college-
educated adults by expanding the 
accessibility of a four-year degree.

The bill’s author and primary 
sponsor, state Sen. Marty Block 
(D-San Diego), has said that the 
addition of new baccalaureate 
degrees offered will help satisfy the 
state’s need for an additional 1 mil-
lion bachelor’s degree-holders by 
2025.

“We’re excited about taking a 
practical approach to improving 
job prospects in California,” Maria 
Lopez, a representative for Block, 
told the UCSD Guardian. “[SB850] is 
fulfilling education needs within the 
frame of the California Master Plan.”

SB850 would, in its current 
state, only allow a maximum of 
one four-year degree program to 
be offered at a given community 
college campus. Each junior college 
also would only be able to offer a 
degree program that is not offered at 

a nearby University of California or 
California State University campus. 
Additionally, all community college 
baccalaureate programs would need 
to provide specialized skills for a 
particular career path, such as law 
enforcement management or respi-
ratory therapy.

“Community colleges would 
need to demonstrate a workforce 
need in order to have the program 
approved,” Lopez said.

Lopez added that the variety of 
offerings for the majors could vary 
depending on the region and com-
munity college district.

Should SB850 be enacted, it 
would directly alter the text of the 
California Master Plan for Higher 
Education of 1960, which currently 
mandates that public junior colleges 
“shall offer instruction through but 
not beyond the 14th grade level.”

California would become the 
22nd state in the country to offer 
junior college four-year degrees, 
following Michigan, which became 
the 21st last year. State legislators, 
including Block, have tried unsuc-
cessfully four times since 2004 to 
allow junior colleges to offer bacca-
laureate degrees.

Scott Lay, the president and chief 
executive of the Community College 
League of California, says his group 

is supportive of the bill in an “addi-
tive capacity.”

“This is great in concept, but it 
doesn’t answer all the questions,” Lay 
said in a phone interview with the 
Guardian. “We don’t yet know how 
fees for the programs would be admin-
istered and what tuition rates students 
would pay.”

SB850 has already received biparti-
san support in the State Senate, includ-
ing Republican and bill cosponsor Joel 
Anderson, whose district includes 
parts of San Diego and Riverside. Lay 
says that he thinks the bill has a bright 
future in the legislature.

“There’s a significant interest in 
providing some authority to com-
munity colleges to offer four-year 
degrees, and Marty Block is the best 
person to push this forward,” Lay 
said. “I expect it will end up on the 
governor’s desk.”

The bill’s first stop will be in the 
Senate Education Committee, in 
which discussion regarding the bill 
is expected to begin on April 23. 
If approved by both houses of the 
legislature and signed by Gov. Jerry 
Brown, four-year programs could 
begin being offered at junior colleges 
in the fall of 2015.

CALIFORNIA

Junior Colleges May Offer 4-Year Degrees

readers can contact
zev  h u rwitz     zhurwitz@ucsd.edu 

BY  zev  h u rwitz  
senior staff writer



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Poverty Is 
a Wound, 
Not an  
Enemy

As a cognitive science major, I never thought that my class-work would inform my alter 
ego as a columnist on social justice, 
but it turns out that education can 
inform your life in ways you don’t 
expect. One of the things I’ve learned 
from my classes is that analogy and 
metaphor are powerful cognitive tools 
— they help us with diverse tasks 
such as understanding mathematics, 
communicating our experiences and 
tackling social problems like poverty, 
crime and disease. After hearing 
about the recent program launched by 
Hillary Clinton and the U.S. Agency 
for International Development to 
eradicate extreme poverty by 2030, I 
started thinking that Americans could 
benefit from changing the way they 
conceptualize poverty. 

Conceptual systems and the way 
we frame ideas using analogy and 
metaphor can have a serious impact 
on the way we approach social prob-
lems like poverty. A 2011 study at 
Stanford University found that expo-
sure to even a single metaphor can 
induce substantial differences in opin-
ions about how to solve social prob-
lems. Participants were asked to read a 
report describing a crime problem in 
a fictional city. In some of the reports, 
crime was described as a beast, and 
in others, it was described as a virus. 
Then the participants were asked to 
propose a solution.

The majority of participants 
who read that crime was a virus 
proposed finding the root causes of 
the issue and implementing social 
reform, while the majority of par-
ticipants who read crime as a beast 
proposed fighting back against 
crime by hiring police officers and 
building jails. The study authors 
added that these metaphor-induced 
differences in opinion are indepen-
dent of pre-existing belief systems, 
like party affiliation. This means 
that the way we metaphorically 
frame social problems implicitly 
influences the decisions we make to 
solve them.

Traditionally, poverty is described 
as an entity at war with a country: 
Public programs “die” after funding 
is scarce, employment is an anti-
poverty “weapon” and, as Ronald 
Reagan famously stated, “We fought 
a war against poverty, and poverty 
won.” In part, the association seems 
reasonable — poor people have a 
lower life expectancy, higher preva-
lence of disease and starvation and 
people in poorer areas will find any 
excuse to get out, much like soldiers 
at war. However, framing poverty as 
a warring faction inspires problem-
solving that mimics the properties 
of war: The responsibility is out of 
the American people’s hands; it is the 
government’s problem — a distant 
problem in a different world. As 
university students, it may be easy to 
conceptualize poverty that way, but it 
minimizes the active role each of us 
can take in solving it. 

If anything, poverty is a wound 
for us to heal. There are many ways 
to get involved on campus, includ-
ing organizations like Alternative 
Breaks, EducationCorps at UCSD, 
UCSD Whole Planet Foundation, 
the recently launched Policy Design 
and Evaluation Lab and countless 
other opportunities. Be active and try 
to make a difference, and maybe by 
2030, we’ll have begun to solve the 
pain of poverty.

QUICK  TAKES 2013’S DOCUMENTARY “BLACKFISH” RAISES QUESTION ABOUT THE WELL-BEING OF CAPTIVE ORCAS AT SEAWORLD AND WHETHER OR NOT THESE ANIMALS SHOULD BE RELEASED BACK INTO THE WILD.

Profit-driven motives may call SeaWorld’s moral 
integrity into question, but the park’s expertise in 
attracting the public makes it a better candidate 
than many non-profit organizations for raising 
awareness about oceanic species and conservation. 
SeaWorld’s environmental message is slipped to 
the public like vitamins are slipped to children via 
gummy bears: It is something healthy packaged in 
something fun. For proof of its efficacy, one needs 
look no further than attendance rates of American 
zoos. Topping the list are Disney’s Animal Kingdom 
(at a vast 9.5 million guests annually) and Busch 
Gardens Tampa (at 4.4 million), both of which con-
tain not only animals, but also roller coasters.

Because SeaWorld offers guests more than just a 
tank of fish, it is able to reach a wider audience with 
its pro-conservation message and provide a connec-
tion to nature and animals that our society increas-
ingly lacks. By exposing individuals to species — 
such as the orca — that are threatened by human 
behaviors, these zoo/amusement-park hybrids 
foster human concern for these animals and for the 
environment at large.

In terms of the mere exposure effect, SeaWorld 
dominates competitors that also offer opportunities 
to witness marine life. The most highly attended 
aquarium in the United States, the Shedd Aquarium 
in Chicago, Ill., has less than half of the attendance 
rate of SeaWorld San Diego — 2.17 million annual 
visitors to SeaWorld’s 4.4 million.

Rather than releasing the whales into an envi-
ronment they are no longer equipped to survive 
in, SeaWorld can and should use its resources to 
ensure that these animal ambassadors are healthy 
and happy so that they can continue to inform and 
inspire the public.

—  HAILEY SANDEN
Contributing Writer

Amusement Park Cannot Properly
Accommodate Wild Animals’ Needs

“Blackfish” Manipulates Facts to 
Incite Dramatic Viewer Response

SeaWorld’s Wide Public Reach Can 
Raise Marine Conservation Awareness

The controversy surrounding the orca whales at 
SeaWorld has animal rights activists up in arms, but 
not necessarily with a justifiable cause. Although the 
popular documentary “Blackfish” tugs at its viewers’ 
heartstrings, it takes liberties with the facts, manipu-
lating public sentiment in a drive for higher profits 
at the box office.

After SeaWorld endured months of criticism and 
declining park attendance in the wake of the pur-
ported “revenge-thriller” documentary, the park sys-
tem issued an expose of its own, pointing out over 
nearly 70 inaccuracies and deliberately misleading 
sequences in “Blackfish.”

Rather notable were several instances of foot-
age that had been doctored and clipped to portray 
tense scenes with the whales that never, in fact, 
occurred, as well as several pseudo-scientific tes-
timonies by former SeaWorld employees who did 
not actually have any experience working with 
the orcas. The filmmakers went to great lengths 
to sway public outrage against the park and get 
themselves shared on Facebook. But although its 
drama may make it a film festival success, a closer 
analysis reveals that the film is laced with fictions.

Most telling, however, is that California 
Assemblyman Richard Bloom (D-Malibu), who ini-
tially authored a bill to prevent SeaWorld’s orca dis-
plays, later decided to revise the legislation, noting 
that the prevalent opinions on the matter had been 
“fueled by fear and misinformation.” 

While “Blackfish” continues to win support 
for its dramatic cinematography and supposedly 
insightful premise, it blatantly misrepresents the 
truth. Viewers should be aware that the film is less 
of an objective documentary and more an exercise 
in manipulative rhetoric.

—  KELVIN NORONHA
Opinion Editor

Last year’s documentary “Blackfish” sparked 
such passions that some classify it as a psychologi-
cal thriller. It contends with the issue of captive 
orcas trained for shows and their resulting psycho-
sis, which has caused four human deaths. Though 
SeaWorld criticizes the film for its heavy reliance 
on pathos, many incriminating facts remain, and 
there’s no need to pretend these animals are human 
to empathize with their suffering.

 The fact still stands that captive orcas live 
significantly shorter lives than wild orcas do. 
Many animals live longer in captivity, but orcas, 
like many large, intelligent mammals, fare better 
in the wild. According to the “Encyclopedia of 
Marine Mammals,” while Pacific Northwest orcas 
live more than 40 years on average, most captive 
whales die in their 20s.

 Even with current technology, parks cannot 
provide stimulation comparable to that in the 
wild or meet all of the whales’ needs in such an 
enclosed space. Marine biologists Dr. Naomi Rose 
and Dr. Chris Parsons point out that mortality 
rates in captivity remain more than double of 
those in the wild and have not improved since 
the 1990s. For two decades, experts have learned 
little about how to effectively lower these captive 
mortality rates.

    With our vast ignorance of these creatures, 
captivity halves their lives. Knowing the facts, we 
can choose whether to let it continue. We justify 
captivity with a supposed educational value, yet a 
false veneer of friendly, carefree whales will teach 
very little. Facing the reality of physical, mental 
and emotional deterioration in orcas might help us 
learn to appreciate these animals as thinking, feel-
ing minds in their own right.

— THOMAS FINN
Staff Writer

One of the best ways for students to gain relevant experience in their field is through volunteering and working at laboratories to do research. Students eventually are able to contribute to the 
research and perhaps even make discoveries of their own. Unfortunately, 
no discovery legally belongs to them or even to the professor leading the 
experiments. All patent rights to any inventions or discoveries are given 
to the university. But this appropriation is an ineffective source of rev-
enue for the institutions, pushing researchers toward working for com-
mercialization rather than towards academia. Researchers’ intellectual 
work should remain their own so that they can choose what direction 
their discoveries should take.

Of course, universities do need to be appropriately compensated for 
the resources they can provide researchers. Research, whether in bioen-
gineering or physics, requires certain tools that the average Lowe’s hard-
ware store doesn’t have. Labs contain expensive equipment that must be 
bought and maintained by the university. The Association of University 
Technology Managers speculates that this funding comes from the $2.6 
billion that American universities gain from patent royalties. However, 
the model used to seek compensation is not only unfair to students and 
workers, but also not nearly as profitable as other alternatives.

There is certainly money to be made from new technology in ways 
that don’t deprive the discoverers of their own fair share. Cornell Tech, 
a school created by Cornell University and Israeli university Technion, 
primarily benefits from students’ work by retaining shares in the start-up 
companies founded by the students. This is a good departure from the 
typical system used by American institutions in which universities keep 
the rights to researcher’s intellectual property and profit from royalties. 
In fact, allowing students to fully develop the company for themselves 
means that they become the wealthy alumni who may donate even more 
than what the royalties will make. Adam Schwartz, director of Cornell 
Tech’s Jacobs Institute, noted that a university’s “patent revenue goes to 
zero, but down the line, the successful alumni give back far more money.”

Another issue with the royalty system is that it supports education 
and discovery not for academic pursuits, but for the institution to benefit 
financially. Success and relevance aren’t measured completely by profit 
margins and industrial success. While commercialization yields techno-
logical improvements, such as the developments of higher capacity bat-
teries and efficient transistors that led to the iPhone, industry lacks the 
vision of science as a pursuit of higher knowledge and a better under-
standing of the physical world. Ultimately, this can undermine the actual 

See RESEARCH, page 5

NICO  HEMSLEY  NAHEMSLEY@ucsd.eduJUSTICE   IS   SERVED

Money Over Mind

ILLUSTRATION  by elyse  yang

In the U.S., intellectual property is credited to universities rather than to 
researchers, an unjust policy that undermines individual success.

BY  derek  ung  STAFF WRITER



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

scientific progress of research. In a 
joint study done by Brent Goldfarb 
of Rensselaer University in New York 
and Magnus Henrekson of Stockholm, 
Sweden, the results showed that com-
mercialization is “more likely when 
rights are assigned to the university” 
with the monetary focus “divert-
ing effort from more fundamental 
research endeavors.”

Currently, it is personal incentive 
that drives researchers to understand 
and formulate the theories which then 
become useful to other research. In 
fact, a study published by the Harvard 
Business School showed that scientists 
forced to sign away the rights to their 
work made more mistakes and were 

less focused. Without any legal right 
or credit to their findings, the minds 
behind the research are essentially 
cheated of their work and are also less 
motivated to succeed.

Damaging the scientific process 
at the research stage is incredibly 
harmful, as those discoveries lay the 
groundwork for possible real-world 
applications. For example, the UCSD 
supercomputer, Gordon, is built 
on today’s computer technology, 
with speed and size limitations that 
those in the industry spend much of 
their time trying to solve. Although 
it hasn’t yet been discovered, the 
solution is thought to lie in quan-
tum computing, the physics theory 
that was all too often dismissed as 
impractical. While the most valuable 

research may appear to be distant 
from reality, its progressive thinking 
eventually yields the most revolu-
tionary innovations. 

The benefit of allowing 
researchers to keep their intel-
lectual property transcends the 
importance of giving rights to 
universities. The rewards system 
set up by Cornell Tech provides 
an incentive for scientists to either 
pursue commercialization or pri-
oritize their research discoveries. 
Ultimately, leaving these decisions 
up to the inventor will improve the 
progress of both technology and 
the economy.

AZUSA   |   HIGH DESERT   |   INLAND EMPIRE   |   LOS ANGELES   |   MURRIETA 

ORANGE COUNTY   |   SAN DIEGO   |    VENTURA COUNTY   |   ONLINE

Earn your credential and master’s  
degree in education at Azusa Pacific.

Classes start throughout the year.  
Contact us today!
(800) 825-5278
apu.edu/explore/education
graduatecenter@apu.edu 

15094

Complete your degree in as little as 12 months.
APU offers:
•	 Convenient	classes	at	eight	Southern	California	locations	and	online.

•	 More	than	60	ways	to	earn	your	degree	or	credential	in	teaching,	counseling,		
	 physical	education,	and	administration.

•	 NCATE-accredited	programs	recognized	by	all	50	states	and	internationally.

Contact Dr. Broide, UCSD Department Medicine

619-335-8685

Subjects with no allergies to cats 
needed for study requiring donation 

of blood, allergy skin testing, and 
nasal allergen challenge. Will be 

reimbursed $400 for completion of 
4 clinic visit study.

UCSD NON ALLERGIC
VOLUNTEER STUDY:

SOLVE FOR X By Philip Jia LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear Editor,
I am writing regarding the recent 

paintings and active enforcement of 
vandalism laws in the Humanities 
and Social Sciences Building and 
Mandeville stairwells.

This is a sad development for 
UCSD and the students. The wall 
writings in HSS (and in years past in 
McGill, Mandeville, Applied Physics 
and Mathematics and Galbraith) as 
opposed to the tagging, which is of 
relatively recent vintage, have their 
earliest documented reference in 
a Triton Times article dated Oct. 
29, 1971. A humorous response by 
“Joe Beetz, Steward, United Graffiti 
Writers Local 116,” followed in the 
Nov. 5 issue. The student graffiti 
was already so notable and interest-
ing that a class was offered on the 
graffiti the following year (Triton 
Times, April 14, 1972). Numerous 
articles followed over the years, 
with articles in 1977, 1981, 1982, 
1985 and on.

Many student papers have been 
written — some of which I am in 
possession of. Some of these papers 
interview administration officials and 
police and document a tolerance and 
even affection for the wall writings 
and writers, completely at odds with 
the attitude displayed today.

AP&M, the site of the oldest writ-
ing, was completed in 1969, making 
the wall-writing tradition nearly as 
old as it is. In fact, it is older than the 
Pumpkin Drop, which Muir College 
boasts of as its oldest tradition. It is far 
more genuine too and utterly unique 
to UCSD.

I was a writer during much of the 
1980s. As a group, we have always 
sought each other out. Writers dating 
from the 1970s until today, a period 
spanning decades, are in contact. For 
more history on the “peeps” (as we 
came to call ourselves), check out the 
“UCSD Peeps” group on Facebook.
It is sad to see this harmless activity, 
thought fondly of by so many and 
tolerated by the administration for so 
long, so vociferously quashed.

— Scott Weisman (aka Psimon)
Alumnus ’90

UCSD Loses Campus Icon  
With Graffiti Hall Closure

▶ RESEARCH, from page 4

Royalties System Prioritizes Commercial Profit Over Discovery

readers can contact
derek  u ng     dcung@UCSD.EDU

WE WANT TO HEAR
ABOUT THEM!

GOT ISSUES?

SEND IN A LETTER TO THE EDITOR BY EMAILING
OPINION@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

O



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY  RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

A
s the former President of Autism Society San Diego and as a mother of two chil-
dren — aged 21 and 23 — who have moderate to severe autism, Shirley Fett feels 
that many people still do not understand autism as a condition.

“People need to understand autism is not about bad parenting and need to 
be understanding and supportive,” Fett said. “People with autism are very loving 

and sweet little people. In the past, people thought autistic people did not have emotions or 
friends, which is not true. Autistic people just are not always able to express emotions in the 
same way other people might.”

Fett also acknowledges that a portion of public knowledge about autism comes from the 
movie “Rain Man,” which is not at all typical of most cases of autism, though many autistic 
children have skills that aren’t immediately apparent. For one of her sons, that skill was 
speed-reading: Fett and her husband noted that he seemed to be reading actively at age two, 
even though he couldn’t talk. 

“People with autism are very diverse,” Fett said. “Autism is not the whole person; they are 
just impacted by it. Just as diabetes doesn’t define a person in their whole being, neither does 
autism. Every person with autism has their own sense of humor and things they like to do.”

Fett has had the unique experience of being a mother of two that contributes to her pas-
sion for providing services for families like hers.

“No matter how old or young your child is, you feel lonely in the journey because your 
kid isn’t like other kids,” Fett said. “When you go to birthday parties or try to enroll your kids 
in camp, you feel very different and isolated. There is still a huge need for parents to have 
a group of other families and parents [in similar situations] that they feel they can turn to.”

According to Fett, the Autism Society San Diego has come a long way since she started 
going to support group meetings in 2000. Today, the Society has over 500 paying members. 
There are six support group meetings per month, along with meetings tailored for Spanish 
speakers and free, monthly pool parties for families to get together with the rest of the autis-
tic community. The Society also held its Splash for Cash fundraiser pool party on Sunday, 
April 13, during which Dlush provided free drinks to families.

Autism Society San Diego hopes to focus more on aiding adults with autism with finding 
employment, as according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, only 33 percent of young 
adults with autism in 2009 were employed. Fett also identifies swim lessons for autistic chil-
dren as another priority for the Society, as autistic people are drawn to water because it makes 
them feel at peace but also presents a threat of drowning.

Though Fett has stepped down from her position as president, she remains active in 
the Society’s executive board and continues to promote awareness and support for families 
with autistic children through her personal experiences. She notes that her experiences as a 
mother have changed her outlook on her and her sons’ lives.

“There’s times when you think, ‘I’m going to be the one whose kid will become ‘normal,’’” 
Fett said. “For the majority of us, that’s not a reality. Most kids with autism still have chal-
lenges as they become older. But my kids have some of the happiest lives I know. I don’t have 
the same experiences as other parents. My kids will not go to college and get married, but 
that doesn’t mean that can’t be a great life. It’s definitely a different journey for sure.”

For more information, readers can contact Sydney Reck and Soumya Kurnool at sreck@ucsd.edu 
and skurnool@ucsd.edu.

Jeffery Adler, founder of 
the Dlush beverage lounge 
in UCSD’s Price Center, has 
become an important fund-
raiser for the autism cause 
on campus as a result of 
his personal resonance with 
the condition — two of his 
close friends have children 
who are autistic. 

“It created an emo-
tional accord for us,” Adler 
said. “Stepping back a bit, it 
became part of our shared 
vision to find ways to inter-
sect commercial enterprise 
with community.”

As a result, Dlush has 
partnered this month with 
Autism Society San Diego in 
a 30 Days of Happy campaign 
to raise funds for camps for 
autistic children. Dlush cre-
ated a new drink called the 
“Happy Camper” to com-
memorate the partnership. 

“We wanted [a drink] that 
was colorful, fresh, optimistic 
and happy,” Adler said.

The Happy Camper is a 
drink made of hand-squeezed 
lemons, fresh strawberries 
and strawberry jello. For each 

purchase of the $4.50 drink, Dlush donates a dollar to programs held by the 
Autism Society San Diego for autistic children. Customers are also invited to 
round up their change to contribute to the cause. Student organizations on 
campus are also holding happy hours at Dlush, with a portion of the proceeds 
going towards fundraising. 

“The other time I was [at Dlush], there was a mother and a child chatting,” 
Adler said. “They had bought that drink, and the mother was explaining her 
story about a personal experience with autism. [...] I thought there was some 
hidden power in that. That gal might not have even known about autism or 
heard about it if it were not for the drink.”

Dlush hopes to raise $5,000 by the end of the month to fund Camp I CAN, 
which stands for Including Children with Autism Now, and Surf Camp, which 
is held at La Jolla Shores each summer. Fett explains that events such as these 
are meant to include children with autism who are often excluded from other 
camps and daycare services because they require more supervision.

Autism research expert Richard Stoner, a Project Scientist in 
Neurosciences, is working together with neuroscience professor and direc-
tor of the UCSD Autism Center of Excellence Eric Courchesne in order to 
identify early biomarkers of autism.

“The earlier we can detect it, the earlier we can start treatments that will 
improve the overall prognosis,” Stoner said.

Having been involved with the Autism Center of Excellence since late 2009, 
Stoner used postmortem brain tissue in a study to compare patterns of gene 
expression in normal and autistic cortexes. He took samples of three different 
regions of the brain and, upon examination, found distinct patches of abnor-
mal expression in the majority of autism samples. 

Ever-advancing technology, Stoner says, has allowed him to approach 
research on the disorder in new and possibly significant ways.

“Most autism research to date has relied on behavioral imaging or genetic 
analyses,” Stoner said. “While these studies all point to a brain-based origin for 
the disorder, no clear pathology had been found. Thanks to recent advances 
in technology and key collaborations, we were able to look for signs of the 
disorder at the tissue level in a way that couldn’t be done before.”

Stoner believes Autism Awareness Month is essential to the cause, both in 
raising awareness and in raising funds for further research that could have a 
significant impact on individuals and families affected by autism.

“I think it’s an important topic to raise awareness for, and the fundraising 
helps support a lot of what we do,” Stoner said. “As a researcher, autism aware-
ness for us is year-round — talking with parents, working with students and 
communicating new findings to a broader community.”

...For Families

...In Research

A BATTLE FOR

AWARENESS
Autism is an increasingly common disorder, identified in one out of every 68 children, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention. Because April is National Autism Awareness Month, researchers and community members in the San 

Diego area are stepping up efforts to promote awareness about the condition. UCSD researchers at the Autism Center of Excellence, 
Dlush founder Jeffery Adler and Autism Society San Diego share what they are doing to promote awareness this April.

BY SYDNEY RECK & SOUMYA KURNOOL 
FEATURES EDITOR & ASSOCIATE FEATURES EDITOR

P
H

O
TO

 U
S

E
D

 W
ITH

 P
E

R
M

IS
S

IO
N

 FR
O

M
 S

H
IR

LE
Y

 FE
TT

...In Business

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM GILDA ADLER



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7
©
20

14
 S
t. 
G
eo

rg
e’
s 
U
ni
ve

rs
it
y 

If you’re thinking about medicine, you know how much Match 
Day means. It’s the moment when you realize that all your hard 
work paid off  and you are going to be a physician. St. George’s 
University doctors match into sought a er US residencies. 
Check out our residency list at sgu.edu/match. Come to The 
SGU Match Tour and meet SGU graduates who landed 
their dream jobs in 2014. 

Join the SGU Match Tour at the Marrio  Marquis San Diego 
Marina, and learn about the moment of truth from 2014 graduates.

MORE MATCHES. 
MORE RESIDENCIES. MORE JOY.

Grenada, West Indies

Tuesday, April 29, 2014   7:30pm-9:30pm
Marrio  Marquis San Diego Marina
RSVP: 1-800-899-6337 ext. 9 1280

or visit sgu.edu/infosessions

CE-3147
Reverse Transfer Campaign: Ad

n/a 
4.917”w x 8”h 
n/a
4C newsprint

Size D - 4.917”w x 8”h 

J.WHEELER

While widely available, not all programs are available in all locations or in both online and on-campus formats. Please check 
with a University Enrollment Advisor. The University’s Central Administration is located at 1625 W. Fountainhead Pkwy., 
Tempe, AZ 85282. Online Campus: 3157 E. Elwood St., Phoenix, AZ 85034. 

© 2014 University of Phoenix, Inc. All rights reserved.  |  CE-3147

Problem: 
You can’t get the courses 
you need at your own school.

Solution: 
Take ours online. Transfer the credits. 
Graduate on time.

866.771.2952
phoenix.edu/graduate

It is estimated to cost at least $17,000 
more per year to care for a child with autism compared 

to a child without autism (CDC).

In 2009, only 33% of young adults with autism 
were employed (U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics).

Autism is 5x more prevalent among boys than 
among girls (CDC).

1 out of 68 children are identified with 
autism, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control.

Autism Society San Diego was founded in 1966 by Bernard 
Rimland, founder of the Autism Society of America. The San Diego 
chapter was one of originals. It holds six support group meetings 
per month around the San Diego County.

THE RUNDOWN ON

AUTISM

GRAPHIC BY AMBER SHROYER/GUARDIAN



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

UCSD’s Wagner Festival is a plat-
form for graduate students to put on 
plays they have written and a converg-
ing point for diverse sources of inspira-
tion. This year’s festival will feature five 
new plays taking place from April 16 to 
April 26, written by five UCSD gradu-
ate student playwrights as part of the 
UCSD Master of Fine Arts Graduate 
Playwriting program.

The Wagner Festival is held 
every April in the Mandell Weiss 
Forum Theatre, the Arthur Wagner 
Theatre and in the Theodore and 
Adele Shank Theatre, and is part 
of the MFA’s three-year graduate 
playwriting program. Now a 12-year 
tradition, the Festival gains a new 
director and a new playwright each 
year. This year’s Festival will have 
the most playwrights, showcasing 
five plays to the public.

Plays to be featured will be “The 
Mango Farmer of Vermont” by Emily 
Feldman, “Deluge, or The Panda 
Play” by Kristin Idaszak, “in the 
crowding darkness” by Jeff Augustin, 
“Battlecruiser Aristotle” by David 
Jacobi and “Campo Maldito” by 
Bennett Fisher.

Augustin’s “in the crowding 
darkness” centers on an Afghanistan 
War veteran who returns home to 
the comfortable life that he and his 
partner led, only to uncover issues 
in their past and present that causes 
the couple to struggle.

“The struggles center on what we 
do when our personal dreams conflict 
with the dreams of our loved ones,” 
Augustin said, “along with these ideas 
of what a gay couple is and what mar-
riage is supposed to look like.”

According to Augustin, his 
friend, who is a returned war vet-

eran, inspired the play.
“A friend of mine came back and, 

overall, his life didn’t change course,” 
Augustin said. “He went back to col-
lege, got his degree, has a wife and 
kids. I became fascinated with the 
adjustment back to civilian life.”

The focus of Jacobi’s 
“Battlecruiser Aristotle” is on the 
situations characters face and the 
decisions they must make while 
inside a spaceship. 

“This piece started as a spoof 
of the popular TV show called 
‘Battlestar Galactica,’” Jacobi said. 
“The story focuses on a young girl 
on the ship who seems happy, but 

she can’t seem to pin down what’s 
bothering her. One day, an alien 
appears on the ship and makes some 
changes in [the girl’s] life that ends 
up starting a rebellion and almost 
killing everyone on the ship.”

Jacobi’s inspiration for the play 
was a mix of his childhood and 
“Battlestar Galactica.”

“I’m attracted to genre and using 
pop art,” Jacobi said. “I tend to 
stray from the classics and focus on 
the things I was raised on – comic 
books, TV, movies. This is an exis-
tential story on a girl who lacks 
agency, and I’m using sci-fi to tell it.”

Jacobi compared participating in 

the Wagner Festival to a residency 
as opposed to just a setup program 
because of its element of community. 

“It was an award just coming 
here because of the small amount of 
people that they take,” Jacobi said.

Fisher’s “Campo Maldito” focus-
es on a tech-startup business in San 
Francisco disrupted by the haunting 
of ghosts.

Fisher was inspired by the 
growth of the San Francisco Bay 
Area and how it has changed over 
the years.

“The play is about this changing 
world in San Francisco,” Fisher said. 
“I am fascinated by the area with a 

lot of poverty and violence, yet [is] 
a really beautiful place with all these 
historic buildings and murals.”

Fisher believes being able to par-
ticipating in the Wagner Festival is 
a wonderful opportunity because 
of the unique learning experience it 
provides its graduate students.

“It’s great just to be in a rehearsal 
room thriving off of the energy of 
other MFA directors, designers and 
actors,” Fisher said. “You learn more 
about your play in your rehearsal 
than when you’re writing.”

LOST
-REWARD-

Baby Sun God Player 2 wearing teal button up 
shirt w/pocket protector. Answers to the name of “Joshric”.

Weighs approx. 2.8 oz. - 2 years old.
Loves old school hip hop. Last seen coding in AP&M. 

IF FOUND, PLEASE RETURN TO
sgf.ucsd.edu/lost

follow
@asceucsd
@asgraphicstudio
@tritonoutfitter
to find an instant winner!

Ghosts, Mangoes and Battlestar Galactica
Playwrights of the Wagner Festival at UCSD share the inspirations behind their plays, performed from April 16 to 26 at the La Jolla Playhouse.

BY  m eryl  press 
staff writer

readers can contact
meryl  press    mpress@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM MANUEL ROTENBERG



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

Cup Most Valuable Player award. 
“To be honest, I’m still taking it all 

in,” Gonzales said. “It was really a sur-
prise, and I feel so honored to have 
even been in the running for it. [It’s] 
kind of a once-in-a-lifetime thing.” 

Gonzales is only the second 
Triton ever to have earned the MVP 
award, two years after Lizotte took 
the honor herself. Lizotte, UCSD’s 

leading scorer and most consistently 
productive player, finished with two 
assists on what was a relatively quiet 
night on the stat sheet. 

“Leah had an awesome, awe-
some night,” Lizotte said. “I’m really 
proud of her. She’s a senior and she 
works really hard. [Friday] was good 
for her and for all of us.” 

The Tritons now hope to con-
tinue their winning ways as they 
prepare to host the WWPA confer-

ence championships starting Friday, 
April 25. With a 4–0 record in con-
ference action, the Tritons are in the 
No. 1 seed and have a first-round 
bye to start the tournament. While 
matchups have yet to be deter-
mined, the Tritons’ first game will 
take place on Saturday, April 26 at 3 
p.m. at Canyonview Aquatic Center.

The UCSD track and field team 
had yet another record-setting week 
this Wednesday through Saturday at 
the California Invitational, the Mt. San 
Antonio College Relays and the Soka 
Peace Invitational. By the end of the 
trio of meets, the Tritons broke the 
men’s 200-meter school record and 
came within 0.13 seconds of breaking 
the men’s 1500-meter record.

California Invitational, April 
16 to April 17: Three members of 
the track and field squad competed 
in the California Invitational, two of 
whom reached provisional qualify-
ing marks. Junior Veronica Bradley 
tied for 18th place in the heptathlon 
with a score of 4,618 points, over 
200 points above the NCAA pro-
visional mark. Bradley is now the 
fifth-highest scorer in UCSD’s pro-
gram history.

Redshirt freshman decathlon Dan 
Golubovic scored 6,720 points in the 
B flight, 500 points above the provi-
sional qualifier, and won his flight. 
He now holds the third best mark in 
UCSD’s history. Freshman Casey Buck 
finished 40th in the heptathlon with 
3,942 points and is now ninth overall 

in program history.
“The conditions were perfect, and 

we competed well,” UCSD men’s coach 
Tony Salerno said. “This was a great 
confidence builder with conference 
[championships] only days away.”

Mt. SAC Relays, April 17 to 
April 18: At the Mt. SAC Relays, 
which only the distance portion of 
the team attended, junior distance 
Carlos Bojorquez came within 0.13 
seconds of setting the UCSD men’s 
1500-meter record. His time of 3 
minutes, 50.16 seconds earned him 
fourth in his heat and 31st overall. 
Two other men’s distance runners, 
junior Tanner Collins and sopho-
more Tareq Alwafai, posted times 
under the NCAA provisional mark 
in the men’s 5000-meter run at 
14:27.19 and 14:31.88, respectively.

Sophomore distance Scott Acton 
also reached a provisional time in 
the men’s 10,000-meter. His time of 
30:51.86 was not only good enough 
to reach the provisional qualifier for 
the NCAA championship, but also 
earned him the fourth-best time in 
UCSD history.

On the women’s side, sopho-
mores distance Paige Hughes and 
Chandler Colquitt joined the ranks 

of those reaching personal bests this 
weekend, setting them in the wom-
en’s 10,000-meter run. Hughes’s time 
of 37:03.67 beat her best time, which 
was set several weeks ago in La Jolla 
at the Cal-Nevada Championship. 
Colquitt ran the race with a total 
time of 37:38.85, earning the sev-
enth best time in program history.

“We had a great number of sea-
sonal bests and lifetime personal 
records today,” Salerno said about 
the meets.

Soka Peace Invitational, April 
18: At Soka, junior sprints Keith 
Rose broke the men’s 200-meter 
school record, set by him a year 
previously, with his impressive time 
of 21.51 seconds. Rose’s time is the 
third this season to set a school 
record.

The whole track and field squad 
now looks to come together to 
defend its home track at the Triton 
Invitational this Friday, April 25 and 
Saturday, April 26. Events will com-
mence on the Triton Track & Field 
Stadium at 10 a.m. on Friday.

Track and Field Sets Records at Three Meets
Tritons split up to compete in Mt. SAC Relays, California Invite, Soka Peace Invite

BY  clay  kau fman  staff writer

readers can contact
clay  kau fman     gckaufma@ucsd.edu 

Water Polo Will Enter WWPA Championships as No. 1 Seed

readers can contact
bran don  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 

“We had a bunch of opportuni-
ties,” McQuaid said. “[It’s tough] 
holding them to three hits, and we 
still can’t get a runner across. It 
comes down to getting the timely hit 
and wanting it more.” 

In the fourth and final game, the 
Tritons lost their second straight 
13-inning series closer. With UCSD 
up 4–3, the Lumberjacks took the 
lead in the bottom of the sixth inning 
with a two-run homer. The Tritons 
responded, forcing extra innings with 
a two-out, single run batted in from 
sophomore outfielder Amani Proctor 
in the top of the seventh. 

However, six scoreless innings 
and a combined 12 stranded runners 
later, Humboldt singled in the walk-
off run to take the game 6–5 and 
finalize the series sweep. 

Gerckens expressed optimism 
amid the bitterness of losing the mara-
thon game.  

“It was extremely disappointing, 
extremely exhausting,” Gerckens 
told the Guardian. “[But] we learned 
so much about them. I think our 
confidence is higher than ever in 
knowing they can be beat.” 

Proctor finished with five hits, a 
career high, while Willmon racked 
up three hits herself. Senior right-
hander Jennifer Manuel exited after 
pitching 5.1 innings and allowing five 
earned runs. Edwards, who stepped 
in for relief, took another loss despite 
a strong effort, surrendering only one 
earned run after pitching 7.1 innings. 

UCSD will return home this Friday 
from a 15-game road swing to close 
out the season. The Tritons, who have 
now dropped five straight games, will 
host a struggling CCAA squad in Cal 
State Dominguez Hills starting on 
Friday, April 25 and concluding the 
following day.

Tritons on Five-Game Losing Slide, Sit 
Second in Standings with One Series Left
▶ SOFTBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
bran don  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 

Cruz pitched six innings, giving up 
four runs on 10 hits to get the win-
ning decision and the series split.

Only Sonoma State, in second 
place, and Chico State, now in first 
place, are ranked ahead of the Tritons 
in the CCAA. With two series 
remaining in the regular season, 
UCSD is poised to be a top contender 
in the postseason.

“I believe in our starting pitching 
and our defense, and any champi-
onship team is going to have that,” 
UCSD assistant coach Rob Avila 
said. “We’ve proven that we can play 

with the best teams in the country, 
and when we do those things at a 
high level, we’re as good as any-
body.”

UCSD will meet Azusa Pacific 
University in a nonconference series 
next weekend with the first pitch 
scheduled for 2 p.m. on Saturday, 
April 26. The Tritons will end regu-
lar season play the following week-
end against Cal State San Bernardino 
before heading to the CCAA 
Championships in Stockton, now just 
under three weeks away.

▶ BASEBALL, from page 12

UCSD to Play Azusa Pacific in Two-
Game, Non-Conference Series on Saturday

readers can contact
joh n  story     jstory@ucsd.edu 

▶ W. WATER POLO, from page 12



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 Athenian with harsh laws
6 “Star Wars” princess
10 Hip-hop mogul who married Beyoncé
14 Grapevine traveler
15 Srs.’ lobbying gp.
16 “Dies __”: hymn
17 Get hitched quick
18 Jam on the brakes
20 Stick-on design
21 Go astray
22 Press conf. format
23 Soft court stroke
25 Wallowing place
26 Pasture
27 Colorfully patterned fabric
31 Songstress Adams
34 RCA Victor pooch
37 Altar consent
38 Small family businesses
41 Driver’s lic. et al.
42 Lend a hand
43 Fast time
44 Gander
46 Embarrassed
48 World Series mo.
49 Stir-fried dish
54 Legend automaker
57 Cross shape
58 Yellowish earth tone
59 Hush-hush activities, briefly, and a hint 

to the hidden theme in 18-, 23-, 38- 
and 49-Across

61 Magician Henning et al.
62 Region
63 Shoshoneans
64 __ the side of caution
65 College official
66 Like slasher movies
67 1954-1977 defense gp.

DOWN
1 “Judge __”: Stallone film
2 School tool
3 Big name in gas
4 Admit one’s guilt to serve less time
5 Threat-ending words
6 Rodeo rope
7 Weird Al Yankovic parody of a Michael 

Jackson hit
8 It’s pumped in gyms
9 PC program
10 Holy wars
11 Elvis __ Presley
12 Swing set site
13 Epsilon follower
19 Water gun stream
24 Desk phone unit
25 Orchestra leader
27 Third afterthought, in a ltr.
28 Old Italian money
29 Paradise
30 Eddie of the ‘40s-’50s Senators
31 German artist Nolde
32 Dimwit
33 “__ Excited”: Pointer Sisters hit
35 __ dixit: assertion without proof
36 Luau fare
39 Sprint Cup org.
40 It may take years to settle one
45 Seoul man
47 Lyric poems
49 Playful prank
50 Brazen minx
51 “Star Trek” communications officer
52 Grain disease
53 Like some simple questions
54 West Point, e.g.: Abbr.
55 Apple center
56 Eye part containing the iris
57 He bit Miss Gulch in a 1939 film
60 Pull hard

BICYCLES
Sidi Energy SDS road shoes size 43 (North 
County) $120- I have for sale a really nice 
pair of Sidi Energy (SDS) Sole Dual System 
road shoes size 43. These were pretty high 
end shoes when I purchased them a few 
years ago. These were mostly used as my 
back up shoes so they are in pretty great 
shape with no rips or broken parts. The 
bottoms show signs of use but is noth-
ing out of the norm. The nice thing about 
these shoes is they don’t have Velcro 
straps, instead they have a ratchet for the 
upper shoe and wire (thick fish line) dials 
for the 2 lower parts of the shoe. These are 
probably the easiest shoes to adjust as you 
just have to turn the dials to your preferred 
tension. Another great thing about these 
shoes is that all the parts are replaceable, 
where the Velcro shoes wear out and you 
cant keep your shoes tight or replace the 
Velcro. These shoes also come with the 
(SDS) Sole Dual System which is a barrel 
adjustment on the bottom of the shoe that 
allows you to adjust how stiff or soft you 
want the sole to be. Inside the shoes show 
very little use. PRICE IS FIRM Listing ID: 
84433116 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Vintage Milano Sport 54 CM 10 Speed 
Road Bike (Oceanside) $250  - Simplex 
Components, Brand New Tubes and Tires, 
New Cables with Housing, Made in Italy, 
Super Clean and rides excellent. Listing ID: 
84433115 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Velomax Velocity Aero Head Road Bicycle 
Wheel (Oceanside) $75- Size 700, alumi-
num. Listing ID: 84433114 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information.

Cannodale Tandem RT2000 (San Diego) 
$950 - Cannondale RT2000 Road Tandem. 
AL frame. 23” Captain; 21” Stoker. Stoker 
controlled rear drum drag brake. New rear 
wheel. Triple front crank, Shimano com-
ponents. Extras. Terrific condition. Stoker 
had knee replacement and now riding her 
hybrid. Listing ID: 84433107 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information.

FURNITURE
Fulton Contemporary Sofa Bed Group with 
2 Ottomans- Get the most use out of your 
living room, family room or home enter-
tainment room with the help of this sofa 
group. This sofa offers comfortable seating 
as well as the ability to convert the sofa 
into a bed. With the included ottomans, 
you can easily add a sleeping solution to 
your living room when guests come over. 
The ottomans also allow for different con-
figurations and can be paired with the sofa 
to form a sectional or together to form 1 
long ottoman. You can arrange this com-
fortable sofa group in a configuration that 
suits your space and needs....

Any question call for information : 626-673 
8934 Listing ID: 84433185 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Full bed white truck camper shell 
(Clairemont Mesa) $75- Fullsize white truck 
camper shell. Has plenty of problems that 
are reflected in the ridiculously low price. 
Pick up only, and it will take 2 strong peo-
ple to lift it. I CAN NOT HELP. I will delete 
this post when it has sold. Currently on a 
2001 Chevy Silverado.Listing ID: 84433183 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

queen mattress brand new with box $189- 
$189 brand new in plastic pillowtop queen 
mattress and box spring with warranty. 
Listing ID: 84433179 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information.

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

UCSD BLOOD 
DONOR ALLERGY 

STUDY: 
Subjects with either current 
allergy symptoms to inhaled 

allergens (cat, grass, dust 
mite), or healthy non-allergic 
volunteers, needed as blood 

donors for research study. 
Will be reimbursed $20 for 

blood donation.
Contact Dr. Broide, 

Department Medicine 
(619-335-8685).

SPORTS EQUIPMENT
9’6” HLSA Roger Hinds Long SurfBoard - 
$350 - 9’6” HLSA Roger Hinds Long. Great 
longboard for beginners to advanced surf-
ers. No delam. No open dings. Water tight 
and ready to surf. 760-877-6224.Listing ID: 
84229569 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Custom molded carbon fiber Kiteboard 
(La Jolla) $50 - IF YOU SEE THIS POST IT’S 
AVAILABLE five ‘ 4” x 16”. Made by mas-
ter shaper Jeff Alexander (5,400 shaped 
boards), Jeff has also made a carbon fiber 
molded Outrigger canoe. According to 
Hawaiian feedback (it was made and rid-
den on Oahu), the thing is “amazing”. Foot 
pads were removed, so the glue-stuff is 
still on there. Jeff is in Bali and said; “Sell it”. 
$50.00 Listing ID: 84026748 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Windsurfing (san diego) $150- windsurfing 
board fanatic 146l....north sail 7.5. Listing 
ID: 84026745 at ucsdguardian.org/classi-
fieds for more information

A�ly now!
Email your resume & portfolio to
asgraphicstudio@ucsd.edu

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  1 1

THE UNDERACHIEVERS 
PORTER’S PUB (ORIGINAL STUDENT CENTER)

THU4.24 • 8pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
4 . 2 1  -  4 . 2 7

2 0 1 4 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

MON4.21 WED4.23TUE4.22
OUT AND PROUD WEEK 2014 – LGBT 
RESOURCE CENTER
Out and Proud Week presents the largest opportunity 
for community visibility on the UC San Diego campus. 
It is a week-long group celebration and private 
reflection on the achievements of LGBT-identified 
students, staff, and faculty and our allies. It is also a 
time for public awareness and discussion of current 
LGBT issues on the state and national levels. Contact: 
rainbow@ucsd.edu

EARTH WEEK UC SAN DIEGO – ACROSS UC 
SAN DIEGO CAMPUS
From April 21 to April 25, UC San Diego will join 
people around the world in celebrating Earth Week. 
The theme for the week of events, 'Connecting the 
Drops', helps illustrate the campus's water-saving 
strategies and the need for individuals to conserve 
water as California faces a severe drought. This year, 
there will be events leading up to Earth Day on April 
22nd, and afterwards, which include a trash sort, a 
sustainability awards ceremony, eco faire, e-waste 
collection, reused clothes sale, tree planting and 
more. http://earthweek.ucsd.edu/

12pm
DENIM DAY ART RECEPTION – CROSS 
CULTURAL CENTER ART SPACE
During Sexual Assault Awareness Month (SAAM), 
SARC is collaborating with the Cross Cultural Center 
to provide a month long exhibit showcasing denim 
decorated by survivors of sexual assault. Visit the Art 
Space at the Cross Cultural Center (Leve 2, Price 
Center East) to check out the art exhibit all month 
long. Then come celebrate Denim Day with a 
community reception on April 21st from 12-1pm 
featuring art, speakers, and music. Wear your denim 
to show support & empower sexual assault survivors! 
For more info on SAAM at UCSD visit sarc.ucsd.edu. 
or contact: 858-534-5793, sarc@ucsd.edu

8pm
DEADPHONES W/ KITHKIN AND TROPICAL 
POPSICLE – THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER
Deadphones have arisen out of the ashes that once 
stood as the San Diego favorites, Cuckoo Chaos. Like 
a phoenix, they have been reborn, emerging through 
the indie-rock flames as a new musical project 
teeming with promise and mystery. With their full 
album being released on March 11th and their style 
refined and polished, they are sure to bring the good 
vibes. Alongside them, Kithkin, the self-proclaimed 
'Treepunk' rockers from Seattle, will provide what is 
often described as a high level of percussion and 
showmanship. Between the two of these artists, we 
feel confident that you will be able to lose yourself in 
the music and transcend multiple realities. 8PM Doors 
/ 9PM Show. FREE for UCSD Students / $8 GA. ALL 
AGES! Contact: ucenmarketing@gmail.com

11am
FITSTOP HEALTH ASSESSMENT – THE ZONE, 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA
FITstop is a 20-minute free health assessment that 
measures your level of health and fitness compared 
to others in your age group. Four categories are 
measured: 1. Cardiovascular Health, 2. Muscular 
Strength & Endurance, 3. Body Weight & 
Composition, and 4. Flexibility. See where you fall 
within these categories and learn how you can 
improve your overall health! Workshops are free and 
space is limited. FitStop is hosted by the Student 
Health Advocates.

2:30pm
WORK & TEACH ABROAD INFORMATION 
SESSION – INTERNATIONAL CENTER LOUNGE
If you've been thinking about going abroad to work or 
teach, please join us for the upcoming Work and 
Teach Abroad Information Session. Please note that 
the work abroad portion will focus on short-term, 
seasonal and service industry employment. Presented 
by: Programs Abroad Office. Contact: 
abroad@ucsd.edu

5pm
RELATIONSHIPS WITHIN THE MILITARY 
COMMUNITY – STUDENT VETERANS 
RESOURCE CENTER
A presentation and discussion led by Dr.Susannah 
Flaherty on how military service can affect one's 
family members and partners, how to improve 
communication among family members and within 
couple relationships, and when and how to seek help 
if experiencing significant relational distress. The 
event is open to all that are interested and is aimed to 
be supportive and informative. This event is running 
out of the Student Veterans Resource Center but is 
open to all students, faculty and staff.Dinner will be 
provided for the event. Please email or call if you have 
any questions or would like to RSVP.

8pm
HAUSCHKA – THE LOFT
Listening to music by Hauschka can be 
deceiving–what sounds like an ensemble of 
musicians and instruments is just one man, 
performing at one piano. His real name is Volker 
Bertelmann, and he lives in Dusseldorf, Germany, 
where he works with his “prepared piano.” He wrests 
disruptive sounds from the instrument’s 88 keys by 
outfitting the strings or mallets with objects such as 
ping-pong balls, aluminum foil, and leather. Fueled by 
a love of rhythm and stories, Hauschka’s classicist 
training, chamber music sensibilities, and pop 
cultural interests all come together to create playful, 
unpredictable, and inventive music. Event link: 
http://artpwr.com/experience/2014/04/23/hauschka#.
U07dhVFdXDE Contact: artpower@ucsd.edu Tickets: 
ucsdboxoffice.com 

SUN4.27
4pm
UCSD CSA PRESENTS 9TH ANNUAL CULTURAL 
SHOW: BREAKING – PC BALLROOM EAST
Cambodian Student Association would like to invite 
you to our 9th Annual Culture show as we follow 
John on his journey to fight for his dream and prove 
himself to his parents. Guest and student dancers 
performing the most exciting traditional Cambodian 
dances. Doors open at 3:30 PM, show starts at 4:00 
PM. Price: FREE. Contact: cheasokhean@yahoo.com. 

FRI4.25
10am
THE FITNESS ZONE: CORE FLEXIBILITY – THE 
ZONE, PRICE CENTER PLAZA
An inspiring and relaxing class that combines the slow 
controlled stretching of yoga with the core tightening and 
strengthening of Pilates. Free. All levels welcome. Lead by 
FitLife instructor Stephanie Asiddao.

1pm
SUN GOD FLOATIES 2014: KEEPING FRIENDS 
AFLOAT – HUERTA/VERA CRUZ ROOM, ORIGINAL 
STUDENT CENTER
Are you 'that friend' who takes care of everyone when you 
all go out? Do you wish you knew a BIT more when sticky 
situations come up? Do you want a chance to meet a 
performer at this year's festival? If you said YES, YES, and 
YES... YOU HAVE FLOATIE POTENTIAL! Sun God Floaties 
will receive special training on alcohol education and 
bystander intervention. Become a Floatie and learn some 
new IDEAS for keeping friends afloat at parties! JOIN US 
FOR FREE FOOD/INFO AT A FLOATIE TRAINING! Floaties 
will also receive a S.P.F. 60 KIT (Safe Party Floatie) at Sun 
God wristband pick up. Contact: sarc@ucsd.edu. Website: 
http://sarc.ucsd.edu

3pm
MUIRSTOCK – MUIR QUAD
Come by the Muir Quad for some free food, fun activities, 
and great music! We will have henna tattoos, a 
photobooth, tie-dye shirts, and giveaways. After the 
festivities, stay for the music! This year's headliner is THE 
CAB!

11am
WE’VE GOT YOUR BACK! – THE ZONE, PRICE 
CENTER PLAZA
Join us EVERY TUESDAY for a free, interactive workshop on 
how to maintain a healthy back. Learn about proper body 
mechanics and go through a series of exercises to help 
strengthen your back. This workshop is not intended for 
individuals who have been diagnosed with severe back 
conditions. Brought to you by Student Health Services' 
Health Promotion Department.

12pm
ISSUES BINDING SEVEN BILLION: OIL, BLOOD & 
WATER – INTERNATIONAL CENTER PATIO
The International Center's World Forum announces the 
spring quarter dates for 'Issues Binding Seven Billion: Oil, 
Blood & Water' on Tuesdays at noon: April 22 - Oil/Energy, 
May 6 - Blood/Healthcare, and May 13 - Water/Climate. How 
has your community been shaped by these issues? Join the 
discussion over a free light lunch in the International Center 
Courtyard. This participatory discussion series supports the 
exchange of ideas and viewpoints among students from 
around the globe. No need to register. Contact: 
mlahtov@ucsd.edu

3:30pm
TASTER TUESDAY PRESENTS ‘PASSPORT TO 
CULTURE: NEW YORK’ – STUDENT SERVICES 
CENTER, RM 300
Join the weekly conversation to hear current students talk 
about life in their home country or state. Enjoy a traditional 
taste of food from the highlighted region each week! Week 4 
will showcase the culture of NEW YORK. Come earn your 
passport and travel around the world! All students welcome 
and no registration required! Free food! Sponsored by Sixth 
College Student Affairs. For more info, contact: Shawn Fore, 
Outreach Coordinator, 858-822-6978, sfore@ucsd.edu.

6:30pm
UCSD GRAD NITE 2014 – UC SAN DIEGO 
BOOKSTORE
This is UCSD's red carpet, kick-off graduation party event 
for the class of 2014! Grads are invited to bring their family 
and friends to this not-to-be-missed event for all things 
graduation related. Free food, networking with Alumni, find 
out about class rings, diploma frames, grad 
announcements, take senior portraits, sign the 2014 class 
plaque, thousands of dollars worth of drawings, PLUS 
discounts and sales exclusive to this night only. Triton Grad 
Packs will be on sale too. Co-Hosted with UCSD Alumni 
Association. Contact: mpotter@ucsd.edu 

SAT4.26
8pm
DILLINGER ESCAPE PLAN – PORTER’S PUB 
(ORIGINAL STUDENT CENTER)
Having released 'One of Us is the Killer' their latest project 
back in 2013, under Party Smasher Inc. - their own record 
label - the band is on tour. Check them out! Also 
Performing: Trash Talk, Retox, and Shining. General 
Admission $18. Contact: gerardo.soto@porterspub.com. 
Website: http://www.porterspub.com/

THU4.24
4:30pm-11:00pm
FILMATIC FESTIVAL – QUALCOMM INSTITUTE, 
ATKINSON HALL
ArtPower! is launching its brand new Filmatic 
Festival at UCSD's Qualcomm Institute, featuring 
four action-packed days of cinematic adventures! 
The Filmatic Festival is a digitally-diverse festival that 
aims to blur the lines between artist and audience, 
including interactive screenings and installations, 
gaming, workshops, crowd-sourced material, digital 
industry experts, parties, and more. From hands-on 
filmmaking and crowd-sourced storytelling, to 
karaoke jams and cinematic slams, ArtPower! is 
re-imagining the film festival experience by 
empowering audiences to become the very artists 
and tastemakers we want to watch. We will bring 
some of the best and brightest talent including a 
highly creative curatorial team to join our audiences 
in discovering, creating, and sharing films that 
provoke, uplift, and entertain. Thursday-Saturday, 
April 24-26 - 4:30 PM-11:00 PM. Sunday, April 27 - 
12:00 noon-11:00 PM. www.filmaticfestival.com

8pm
THE UNDERACHIEVERS – PORTER’S PUB 
(ORIGINAL STUDENT CENTER)
Also Performing: Denzel Aquarius'Killa Curry and 
Dillon Cooper. Pre-Sale $15.00. Contact: 
gerardo.soto@porterspub.com



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

For the first time since 2012, 
the No. 18 UCSD baseball team has 
clinched a postseason appearance 
in the California Collegiate Athletic 
Association Championships after 
taking two games over San Francisco 
State University on the road this past 
week. After splitting the series against 
the Gators, the Tritons are now 27–13 
overall and 23–9 in league play, good 
enough to guarantee a top-four finish 
in the CCAA by the season’s end. 

San Francisco State downed 
UCSD 7–6 in Thursday’s series open-
er, breaking the Tritons’ 11-game 
win streak in the CCAA. In UCSD’s 
recent fashion of come-from-behind 
victories, the Tritons overcame a 
two-run deficit to lead 4–2 after the 
visitor half in the sixth inning, only 
for the Gators to tie once again in 
the bottom of the inning. UCSD 
would allow three more runs going 
into the ninth inning, only produc-
ing two runs in the top of the frame 
to close the game.

Friday’s doubleheader would 
prove to be a different story, with 
UCSD slaughtering the Gators 17–3 
in the opening game before a 3–1 
loss in the nightcap. 

Junior southpaw Trevor Scott 
(4–2) started for the Tritons on the 
mound, settling in and holding San 
Francisco to three runs on four hits 
across six frames. UCSD, leading 
6–3 going into the ninth inning, 
exploded offensively in the closing 
frame by racking up 17 hits on the 
home team and sending 11 runners 
across the plate. Redshirt freshman 
outfielder Brandon Shirley started 
the surge by sending a ball out of the 
park for the first time in his colle-
giate career. Senior outfielder Justin 
Rahn also sent four runners home in 
the final inning off a two-run double 
and a two-run single. 

Senior righthander Blake Fassler 
(4–3) took the loss on the mound 
in the nightcap, pitching 5.2 innings 
and allowing three runs on three 
hits. UCSD failed to capitalize on a 
bases-loaded opportunity in the first 
inning and failed to produce offen-
sively throughout, tallying only four 
hits with two of them off the bat of 
sophomore infielder Troy Cruz.

Cruz (6–2), the only Triton to 
start all 40 games, took the mound 
for the ninth time this season for the 
final game of the series on Saturday. 

After a disappointing series split 
the previous week, the No. 15 UCSD 
softball team suffered an even more 
devastating slate of games this past 
Friday and Saturday, as California 
Collegiate Athletic Association oppo-
nent No. 8 Humboldt State University 
swept the Tritons 4–0 in Arcata, Calif. 
UCSD now holds a 30–13 overall 
record and is 19–9 in CCAA action. 

The series was critical, as UCSD 
sits in third in conference standings, 
right under Humboldt State in second. 

“It was definitely a crucial series,” 
UCSD head coach Patti Gerckens said. 
“To be swept by them is very disap-
pointing for us. I was definitely hoping 
to sweep the series, if not split the 
series because they are a good team.” 

In spite of the tough losses, the 
Tritons have already clinched a playoff 
berth for the upcoming CCAA cham-
pionships in early May. 

In the first matchup of the series, 
UCSD earned the first lead of the 
game at 1–0 when senior third base-
man Emily McQuaid singled in senior 
outfielder Kirsten Willmon for a third-
inning score. However, in the bottom 
of the inning, the Lumberjacks fired 
back with an onslaught of seven runs 
to build what would be too daunting a 
lead for the Tritons to overcome. 

UCSD scored one run in the 
fourth inning, but a final score of 
9–2 by Humboldt easily downed 

the Tritons. Sophomore left-hand-
er Alexis Edwards (17–7) had an 
uncharacteristically rough outing on 
the mound, allowing a season-high 
seven earned runs on six hits in only 
2.1 innings pitched.  

“The first game, I did have an off 
day,” Edwards said. “[Of] course I 
wanted a different outcome, but [soph-
omore right-hander] Hannah [Duarte] 
had my back and came in.”

In Friday’s nightcap, the Tritons led 
3–2 after the top of the fourth inning 
despite an early 2–0 Lumberjack 
advantage. However, in the bottom of 

the frame, Humboldt knocked in three 
more runs to reclaim a 5–3 edge. The 
Lumberjacks added one more run and 
shut out the Tritons the rest of the way 
en route to a 6–3 win. 

On Saturday, UCSD contin-
ued to struggle as the Tritons were 
held scoreless in a 2–0 defeat. While 
Edwards allowed only three hits, a 
season low for Humboldt State, the 
Tritons failed to plate any runs, result-
ing in the left-hander’s fourth con-
secutive loss of the season. 

SOFTBALL

Tritons Suffer Season’s First CCAA Sweep
No. 15 UCSD dropped all four games of conference series against No. 8 Humboldt.

BY    Bran don Yu    Sports Editor

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN

BASEBALL

See SOFTBALL, page 9

UCSD Splits at SFSU, 
Clinches Playoff  Berth
No. 18 Tritons take two out of four against SFSU to 
qualify for May’s CCAA conference tournament. 
BY  John  Story   associate sports Editor

See BASEBALL, page 9

To be honest, I’m 
still taking it all in. 

[It’s] kind of a once-in-
a-lifetime thing.”

“

M. Golf 
Softball

Track & Field
W. Water Polo

Baseball

   4/22
   4/25
   4/25
   4/26
   4/26

AT CCAA Championships
VS Cal State Dominguez Hills
VS Triton Invitational
VS  WWPA Championships
VS Azusa Pacific

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

– Leah Gonzales
on winning UCSD’s second-

ever Harper Cup MVP Award

Capturing the Cup
The No. 14 Tritons triumphed over SDSU 8–5 to capture UCSD’s first ever Harper Cup in their final contest before they host the WWPA 
Championships April 25 to 27 at the Canyonview Aquatic Center. Above, the team celebrates the victory. Photo by Alwin Szeto

BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR
WOMEN'S  WATER  POLO

I t took 13 long years and a 21-game losing drought, but the No. 14 UCSD women’s water polo team finally defeated No. 19 San Diego State to capture its first 
ever Harper Cup last Friday night at the Canyonview 
Aquatic Center. The 8–5 victory concluded the Tritons’ 
regular season and marked their first victory over the 
Aztecs since February 2002. With its seventh straight win, 
UCSD now holds a 24–10 overall record and looks toward 
the Western Water Polo Association championships this 
coming week. 

Friday evening’s matchup kicked off with two quick 
scores, first from sophomore attacker Julia Kirkland 
and second from sophomore 2MD Alexis Wieseler. The 

Tritons shut out the Aztecs in the opening frame to enter 
the second quarter with an early 2–0 advantage. 

In the second quarter, the Tritons’ offense remained 
in control as UCSD built up a 5–0 lead before the Aztecs 
finally broke their scoreless streak with less than three 
minutes remaining in the period. At the half, the Tritons 
led 6–2. 

“Going into the game, our team definitely knew it’d be 
a grind the entire way,” senior utility Leah Gonzales said. 
“We knew we had to come out energetic and ready to play.”  

In the third quarter, both squads mustered just one 
score apiece, but UCSD maintained a strong 7–3 lead 
entering the final quarter. In the fourth frame, the Aztecs 

jumped out with two goals to cut the edge to a shaky 
7–5 score. However, with half of the quarter left in play, 
Wieseler netted her second goal to strip away the Aztecs’ 
momentum and seal the cup victory. 

“It was an awesome experience,” senior utility Sarah 
Lizotte said. “It was an overall great team win. We had four 
girls score two goals [each] on top of some great defensive 
plays. Across the board it was a great team effort.”Weiseler, 
Kirkland and junior attacker Jolene Guiliana finished with a 
pair of scores. Gonzales led the Tritons defensively and offen-
sively — with two goals and an assist — to earn the Harper 

See W. WATER POLO, page 9


