
DEFENDING
THE TITLE

The No. 13 women’s water 
polo squad handily defeat-
ed Cal State East Bay 16–3 
to win its second straight 

WWPA title. The Tritons will 
now prepare for NCAAs.

KEEP  THE  DOCTOR  AWAY

MOVING  OFF  CAMPUS

Anti-vaccine   Movement

read  our  housing   guide

opinion,  Page   4

features,  Page  6

MONDAY
H 73 L 54

TUESDAY
H 86 L 57

WEDNESDAY
H 90 L 55

THURSDAY
H 88 L 59

FORECAST

VERBATIM
After the LA 
Kings won 
the Stanley 
Cup, people 
who had pre-
viously only 
known to say ‘Gretzky’ when 
discussing hockey suddenly 
became hardcore fans.”

- Kelvin Noronha
THINKING CAPS

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Housing Guide ................ 6
Crossword .................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

“

sports,  PAGE  12

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 49 MONDAY, APRIL 28, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

In an unprecedented move, A.S. 
Council bypassed a clause of its own 
bylaws during its April 16 meeting 
in order to allocate money from the 
Mandated Reserves to fund student 
organizations. 

As UCSD’s reserve fund, the 
mandated reserves are intended 
for use in emergency situations. 
Because of a lack of programming 
funding for student organizations, 
Council voted to withdraw money 
from these reserves in order to 
increase funding for student 
organizations, particularly those 
that host graduation-related events.

When it called for a vote in 
Forum, A.S. Council encountered a 
conflict with its current bylaws, due 
to the fact that the bylaws state that 
a three-fourths vote of the entire 
council is required to ratify or pass 
an amendment to withdraw funds.

There are 34 A.S. council members 
in total; however, at the time of the 
vote, only 28 were present. Therefore, 
to retain the three-fourths vote and 
pass the amendment, 26 council 
members had to vote yes, meaning 
no more than two council members 
could vote against in order for the 
amendment to pass.

According to Vice President of 
Finance and Resources Sean O’ Neal, 
this act of bypassing bylaws in order 
to supersede the original threshold to 

pass an amendment is unprecedented 
in A.S. Council history.

O’Neal moved to bypass the 
bylaws in part to make time to rally 
more council members to attend the 
meeting and vote.

“[This] would have made A.S. 
Council only need 23 votes, which 
would allow more room for dissension 
and create a similar voting threshold if 
all member[s] of council showed up,” 
O’Neal said.

O’Neal further explained that 
if the vote to allocate from the 
mandated reserves was taken before 
the suspension of the bylaws, the 
motion would have failed.

“By allowing three more members 
of council to show up (making the 

UCSD Scientists Prove Inflation Theory

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 TAY
LO

R
 S

A
N

D
E

R
S

O
N

/G
U

A
R

D
IA

N

SCIENCE  AND  TECHNOLOGY

BY  tina  butoiu  Contributing writer

A.S.  COUNCIL

Leadership Employs Bylaws Suspension
A.S. Council voted to bypass the necessary three-fourths voting threshold last week 
in order to move funds from Mandated Reserves into Student Organization funding.

BY m eryl  press
staff writer

Telescopes detected traces of light polarization in the cosmic background radiation 
that verify the theory about the expansion of space in the moments after the Big Bang.

See THEORY, page 3

CALLIN’ THE CAB
Las Vegas rock band The Cab headlined Muirstock 2014 Friday, April 25. The opening performers of the annual concert were Uncle 
Jesse, Pulse Liberation, Sam Braxten and The Futures League.  Photo by Albert Chang/Guardian.

UCSD scientists announced last month that they have proved the theory of inflation, which explains how the Big 
Bang occurred, through a unique collaboration 
between two major cosmological experiments. 

UCSD is, so far, the only institution that 
has worked on both the Background Imaging 
of Cosmic Extragalactic Polarization and 
POLARBEAR experiments, whose findings 
together prove the theory.

Researchers announced that the BICEP2 
telescope found traces of light that validate 
the theory of inflation on March 17. UCSD 
Associate Professor of Physics Brian Keating 
invented the first model of BICEP2, known 
as BICEP. Keating and his team of graduate 

students studying polarization of the cosmic 
microwave background — known as the oldest 
light in the universe — developed BICEP2, 
located in Antarctica. Keating’s team found 
the very specific light signature, which the 
inflation theory predicted would be present 
due to the expansion and ripple in the CMB 
during inflation. The light polarization appears 
as ripples and is caused by the heat left over from 
the Big Bang.

Dr. Jonathan Kaufman, who worked on the project 
as a graduate student, is a member of Keating’s 
team who helped to design, build, test and deploy 
BICEP2, according to a UCSD News Center report.

“We detected [the correlations] at a very 
bright level, so that was kind of surprising,” 

See SUSPENSION, page 3

The UCSD Office of Student 
Conduct proposed a set of revisions 
to the Student Conduct Code and 
Regulations, effective Fall Quarter 
2014 — pending final approval. 

The changes include the addition 
of new domestic violence protocol, 
dating violence regulations and 
revised language for stalking 
standards in the Conduct in 
Violation of Community Standards. 

Additionally, the changes would, 
if implemented, reduce the period 
of maintaining suspensions on 
students’ permanent records from 
permanent status to seven years.

These changes were reviewed and 
discussed by the Student Conduct 
Standards Group, including Director 
of Student Conduct Ben White.

“Overall, the revisions provide 
greater clarity for key processes 
affecting students, including 
Student Conduct Reviews and 
record retention,” White told the 
Guardian. “The revisions also 
incorporate systemwide student 
conduct revisions relating to the 
standards of conduct, specifically 
domestic violence, dating violence 
and stalking.”

The Student Conduct Code and 
Conduct Regulations were revised 
in terms of wording. 

The changes mentioned are part 
of the annual review of the Student 
Conduct Code, which keep the 
policies current.

“[Originally] Student Conduct 
Reviews have been managed and 
organized by either the Office of 
Student Conduct (Community 
Standards Board, Review Officers) 
or the respective Dean of Student 
Affairs office (College Judicial 
Boards),” White said. 

This year, the Office of Student 
Conduct will organize and manage 
all Student Conduct Reviews. These 
include those conducted by college 
judicial boards.

The changes to suspension 
records were made with the student’s 
personal record in mind; ideally, a 
student who was suspended could 
continue without worrying that it 
would remain on permanent record. 

“Given that most suspensions 
are for less than a year, typically 
a quarter, [The Council of Deans 
of Student Affairs] were concerned 
that suspensions would continue 
to impact students well into the 
future,” White said.

Further details on the proposed 
changes can be found online at the 
conduct code’s webpage, http://
studentconduct.ucsd.edu. 

Conduct 
Code 
Undergoes 
Overhaul
Administrators adjust 
student suspension record 
retention period, among 
other significant changes.

CAMPUS

BY  justi n e  liang
senior staff writeR

readers can contact
justine  liang     jjl096@ucsd.edu 



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and Thursdays 
during the academic year by UCSD students and for the 
UCSD community. Reproduction of this newspaper in any 
form, whether in whole or in part, without permission is strictly 
prohibited. © 2014, all rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian 
is not responsible for the return of unsolicited manuscripts 
or art. The views expressed herein do not necessarily 
represent the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University 
of California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. Follow @HuskyYan.

General Editorial: editor@ucsdguardian.org
News: news@ucsdguardian.org

Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467: ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr., A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa

Copy Reader
Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Emily Bender, Rosina Garcia, Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

ucsdguardian

.
org

YOUR
NEWS
NOW!HANAI

www.hanai.co.uk
Affordable furnished

condominiums and rental housing

949.271.0606 
Honolulu • San Diego • London

TORREY PINES
DENTAL ARTS

We welcome UCSD Staff & Students

Richard L Sherman DDS
Steven B. Horne DDS
Scripps/Ximed Medical Center
9850 Genessee Avenue #720
La Jolla, CA 92037
858-453-5525

Info@TorreyPinesDentalArts.com

www.TorreyPinesDentalArts.com

• All dental services provided in one 
convenient location

• We accept all UCSD Insurance Plans
• New Patients & Emergencies Welcome
• Easily accessible from Campus -

right across from the UCSD baseball 
field; on the UCSD Bus Line.

Presents, In Association with, the 
College Democrats and the College Republicans: 

A DEBATE YOU WILL NOT WANT TO MISS! 
APRIL 29, 2014 AT 5:30 / DOLORES HUERTA ROOM 

DEMOCRATS VS. REPUBLICANS



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

Kaufman said. “So that’s what all of 
this excitement is about; one, that 
we detected it at all because a lot 
of us, especially us on this small 
telescope, never thought it would 
really be detected.”

The team is also involved 
with another project known as 
POLARBEAR, an experiment that 
grew out of a collaboration between 
UC Berkeley and UCSD.

The experiment is located in Chile’s 
Atacama Desert at an altitude of 
5,100 meters (approximately 17,500 
feet) above sea level and is the world’s 
highest operating observatory. 
The findings from POLARBEAR 
confirmed that Einstein’s gravity 
predictions in his theory of general 

relativity hold true throughout the 
universe. A week later, the BICEP2 
findings were made.

“We’re hoping to confirm or 
explore the findings of the BICEP 
experiment with POLARBEAR 
within a year or so,” Keating said. 
“The two experiments really 
complement each other in an 
interesting way.” 

Kaufman believes these 
discoveries will impact how future 
research is conducted.

“We’ve now opened up a new 
era of observations,” Kaufman 
said. “The polarization science is 
becoming mature.”

Keating further noted that UCSD 
students are given “awesome” 
responsibilities. 

“The undergraduates do everything 

from going down to Chile and working 
on the experiment for a month, 
observing with it, analyzing data from 
it, helping publication of the data from 
it,” Keating said. “It’s an all-inclusive 
process.”

Darcy Barron, a graduate student 
in experimental cosmology and 
member of Keating’s team, worked 
on the POLARBEAR experiment 
and ran the observatory with 
minimal assistance.

“I’m used to being self-sufficient 
and working on different things, so 
being there [in Chile] is an extension 
of what I like to do anyway,” Barron 
said. “I really like it; it’s a good 
challenge.”

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.
Friday, April 18
5:30 a.m.: Suspicious Person
A guest in the Marshall Residential 
Halls was asked to leave by 
other roommates after causing a 
disturbance. Report taken.
3:08 p.m.: Lost Property
Items were left unattended at a 
Gilman Drive bus stop. Information 
only.
11:55 p.m.: Welfare Check
A non-affiliate was sleeping in the 
Tuolumne Apartment common 
lounge area. Stay-Away order issued.

Saturday, April 19
1:45 a.m.: Disturbance
A suspicious person attempted to 
take a wheelchair near Campus 
Point Drive. Stay-Away order later 
issued.

11 a.m.: Non-injury Accident
A vehicle rolled out of its parking 
space into another vehicle in Lot 
357. Report taken.
3:19 p.m.: Assist Other Agency
The San Diego Fire Department and 
lifeguards responded to a report of 
a paraglider stuck on a cliff near 
Glider Port. Information only.
4:30 p.m.: Disturbance
A group was firing paintball 
guns in the woods near the Coast 
Apartments. Field interview 
administered.

11:52 p.m.: Alcohol Contact
Sixteen minors were found with 
false IDs and consuming alcohol 
in North America Hall. Closed by 
citations.

Sunday, April 20
9:29 p.m.: Hazard Situation
Broken glass from a table was found 
on Blake Hall’s fourth-floor sun 
deck. Referred to other agency — 
Housing Maintenance.

Monday, April 21
10:09 p.m.: Non-injury Accident
A UCSD shuttle bus rolled out 
and collided with a parked vehicle. 
Report taken.

Tuesday, April 22
10:44 a.m.: Medical Aid
The subject fainted in the Moores 
Cancer Center’s lobby waiting 
room. Medics responded. 
6:43 p.m.: Traffic Control
A broken-down MTS bus was 
blocking traffic near Gilman Drive. 
Unable to locate.

Wednesday, April 23
2:48 p.m.: Gang or Terrorist 
Threat
Threats were made via text message. 
Report taken.

Thursday, April 24
1:50 p.m.: Animal Call
A swarm of bees was reported 
near Round Table Pizza in Price 
Center. Referred to other agency — 
Environment, Health & Safety.
9 p.m.: Disturbance
A psych subject was reported 
for battery and was found being 
aggressive with a teaching assistant 
in York Hall. Transported to 
hospital.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

Researchers Hope to Confirm Experiment Findings Within a Year
▶ THEORY, from page 1

readers can contact
tina butoiu     cbutoiu@ucsd.edu 

Ad Hoc Committee Will Research and Review the Mandated Reserves

total council present 31), the vote 
was 27–4–0, which was enough 
to have the three-fourths original 
threshold of council anyways,” 
O’Neal said. “It turns out that the 
suspension of bylaws was moot, 
in that we reached the original 
threshold needed, making the 
suspension of bylaws unnecessary.”

Revelle Senator Soren Nelson 
voted no on withdrawing money 
from the reserves.

“The harsh reality is that there’s no 
indication that money taken from 
our reserves will ever be replaced, 
so to me this was a choice between 
students suffering now or suffering 
later,” Nelson said. “I would have 
voted yes if the withdrawal was 

paired with a reasonable plan for 
replacing the money.”

He also explained his frustration 
with the actions certain council 
members took.

“The threshold for pulling from 
reserves is high — especially 
considering how little we now 
have left in that account,” Nelson 
said. “Suspending bylaws was 
manipulative, unprofessional and 
hugely damaging to the association’s 
credibility.”

Revelle Senator Marco Vasquez 
voted against withdrawing from 
mandated reserves because there was 
a 35-percent decrease in reserve funds 
during this A.S. council’s term. 

The Mandated Reserves began 
with $458,000 and currently have 
$300,000 left. 

Furthermore, Vasquez said that 
the council did not offer a solution 
to ensure that this situation would 
not occur again. 

“The reason Mandated Reserves 
has this [three-fourths] threshold is 
to institutionally ensure that it is used 
infrequently and for emergencies 
or starting up new enterprises,” 
Vasquez said. “This seemed to be 
ignored, and those who wanted to 
win did so at all costs.”

During the meeting, an ad hoc 
committee was created to review 
the mandated reserves and come 
up with a solution to ensure that 
this situation will not occur again 
through research and collaboration. 

▶ SUSPENSION, from page 1

readers can contact
meryl  press     mpress@ucsd.edu 

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER @UCSDGUARDIAN



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Vaccine Nation

A fraudulent study linking vaccination and autism has led 
many people to reject vaccination, threatening public health.

BY  kelvin  noronha  opinion editor

As part of the scientific campaign in the late-19th century to combat the scourge of infectious diseases, famed researchers such as Louis Pasteur introduced personal vaccines to combat public health 
epidemics, effectively saving thousands of lives. Unfortunately, a growing 
and worrying movement of misinformation correlating vaccinations with 
autism has taken root, compromising the ability of modern medicine to 
eradicate the crippling diseases of years past. The importance of fighting 
this completely baseless trend is inestimable, as every child without a 
vaccine is, unfortunately, a threat to public safety.

Vaccines are essentially less potent forms of infectious microbes that are 
introduced to the body to strengthen the immune system. While it may 
seem strange to deliberately infect a patient, the massive, positive impact 
of vaccination programs in recent history is clear from the incredible 
reduction in disease-related fatalities. Polio, an easily transmitted viral 
inflammation of the spine, crippled hundreds of thousands, such as 
former President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and was responsible for the 
deaths of over 3,000 Americans in 1952 alone. It was the Salk Institute’s 
namesake, Jonas Salk, who pioneered the vaccine that put an end to 
the terrifying epidemic, preventing hundreds of thousands of fatalities 
worldwide. The vaccine, made from a less potent form of the microbe, 
was administered to schoolchildren to boost their immune system; 
within a few years of the vaccine’s widespread adoption, incidence of the 
disease had been all but eliminated in the developed world. 

But despite the overwhelming evidence in their favor, vaccines are 
still looked upon with suspicion by many parents who argue against 
them on rather vague, ethical reasons, and still others who oppose them 
based on simple, speculative hearsay. The ‘anti-vaccination’ movement 
has been championed by talk-show host Jenny McCarthy and, due to 
her influence, has unfortunately gained more of a following, with nearly 
40 percent of parents choosing to defer their children’s inoculation 
procedure. Proponents of the movement claim that after vaccinations, 
their children “changed” — indeed a scary claim that has caused 
millions of parents to refuse treatment for their kids.

However, their concerns are completely unfounded; without a shred 
of concrete evidence contradicting the process’ safety, members of the 
anti-vaccine movement have resorted to citing a 1998 study from the 
United Kingdom correlating vaccines with developmental disorders 
that turned out to be entirely fraudulent. Dr. Andrew Wakefield’s 
study failed to include several outside factors that drastically skewed 
his findings. For example, according to Huffington Post, five of the 
12 children involved in this study had already been diagnosed with 
developmental problems before having received any vaccinations. 
This means that, vaccine or not, the children would have eventually 
been diagnosed as autistic. This blatant deception, however, is 
generally overlooked by the movement’s proponents, who continue to 
reference it as ‘scientific’ evidence for the danger of vaccine.

ILLUSTRATION  by  rocio  plasencia

See VACCINES, page 5

QUICK  TAKES SPONSORCHANGE IS AN ORGANIZATION THAT AIMS TO CONNECT NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS WITH SKILLED COLLEGE GRADUATES WHO CAN USE VOLUNTEER WORK AS A MEANS OF PAYING OFF THEIR COLLEGE DEBT.

Instead of starting their post-college lives on a 
positive note, recent graduates are tens of thousands 
of dollars in the red. According to U.S. News & 
World Report, college graduates held an average 
student loan debt of $23,450 in 2008. In the years 
since, that number has only risen, with a 2012 
figure of $29,400. It’s clear that in order to remedy 
the crisis, it’s time to get creative. A new wave of 
organizations such as SponsorChange use volunteer 
work as a way to pay off student loans, pioneering 
a change that benefits more a wider range of people 
than just the students it employs. 

In their 2012–2013 report, the United States 
Bureau of Labor Statistics found that the 
country had plummeted to its lowest amount of 
volunteerism since 2002. Specifically, statistics of 
volunteers were the lowest among 20 to 24-year-
olds. Convincing an age group full of college 
students to volunteer would be easier if they had 
the incentive of paying off some of their debt.

Those who are concerned about changing the 
traditional definition of volunteering can rest 
assured that the volunteers will essentially never see 
the money, as it will go straight toward paying off 
their loans. In a way, these programs are similar to 
scholarships or work study programs, in which the 
money goes directly toward paying for tuition. 

In turn, these programs will not only help 
new, struggling graduates, but also people 
who will be touched by the positive impacts of 
volunteer work.

—  CHARU MEHRA
Staff Writer

System of  Compensation Deprives 
Volunteerism of  its Moral Value

Full-Time Jobs Are a More Efficient 
Way to Pay Off  Student Loans 

Paid Volunteerism Is a Creative 
Solution to College Debt Problems

SponsorChange may offer non-profit 
organizations a way to provide graduates with 
part-time jobs through sponsor donations, 
but such an offer is unnecessary and limiting. 
A focus on a regular job and decent money 
management would be a more adequate option 
for graduates paying off student loans.

The average job found through SponsorChange 
will pay somewhere between $10 to $20 an hour 
but only offers around 12 hours a month which, 
at best, would lead to only $2,880 a year. However, 
the average starting salary for a college graduate 
in 2013 was roughly $45,000 and is increasing 
by roughly 2.4 percent each year. If a graduate 
chooses to be wise with their money, they could 
easily pay back their student loans over the span 
of a few years. Additionally, real jobs usually 
offer the flexibility of working more hours if their 
paychecks are insufficient.

In addition, these non-profit jobs are more 
limiting than simply adding more hours to a current 
job. The alternative of working for a mere 10 more 
hours per week at a regular job would still be 
manageable for graduates and would result in more 
money per year going toward their student loans.

In the end, what SponsorChange offers is a 
part-time job, which is not what graduates need. 
As many graduates already know, a regular job and 
responsible money management is really the best 
way to pay off your debts efficiently and secure a 
stable future. 

             —  AYAT AMIN
Contributing Writer

The bona fide title of a being a volunteer may 
no longer define an individual providing service 
free of charge. The new solution to paying off 
college debt appears to involve being rewarded for 
volunteer work with something other than genuine 
gratification — money. However, this defaces 
the spirit of selfless contribution to society and 
certainly isn’t acknowledging the value of charity.

  Truthfully, the term “paid volunteer” doesn’t 
veer far from being an oxymoron. It’s reasonable 
for people to get paid for working a job, but 
volunteering shouldn’t require compensation. If 
individuals are being paid to work, they shouldn’t 
be called volunteers. Giving up one’s own time, 
and sometimes money, to help others can truly 
cultivate values that no one could dare to put a 
price tag on. According to Alina Tugend of The 
New York Times, the act of volunteering can 
foster responsible, active and fair-minded citizens, 
if performed under the right context. However, 
volunteer programs don’t necessarily provide 
volunteers with a link between their work and the 
deep issues behind it. And volunteering merely 
to pay off personal debt could certainly further 
prevent forming this important connection. 

Ultimately, true volunteering can provide 
insight into greater concerns and social issues, 
while teaching individuals to become more 
thoughtful. But by pursuing monetary guides 
instead of goodwill, society may be forgetting 
the roots of volunteerism.

—  SHANNON KANG
Senior Staff Writer

Don’t Fall 
Off  the 
Playoffs 
Bandwagon

It’s currently playoffs time in ice hockey’s National Hockey League, the game that no one 
follows, and I’ve come up with a 
brilliant strategy to ensure that I’m 
in good spirits at the season’s end. 
I have what I’ve dubbed my playoff 
“hedge fund” of the multiple teams 
I support — it’s only by sheer, unin-
tended coincidence, of course, that 
they all happen to have incredibly 
high chances of winning the Stanley 
Cup. For me, being a sports fan is 
not really about supporting any 
specific team; after all, players come 
and go, and teams are different year 
to year. It’s more like an investment 
in my personal happiness, which is 
why I ruthlessly and unabashedly 
bandwagon all season long.

As a resident of Southern 
California, I have experienced 
bandwagon-ism firsthand. After 
the Los Angeles Kings won the 
Stanley Cup, people who had previ-
ously only known to say “Gretzky” 
when discussing hockey suddenly 
became hardcore fans, dotting the 
SoCal landscape with all manners 
of black-and-white Snapbacks. And 
I also realize the pains that come 
with diehard loyalty to any particu-
lar team — the anguish of Broncos 
fans was clear after the Super Bowl. 
Worse yet, though, would be devo-
tion to a team that is a perennial 
underachiever and misses the play-
offs every year. 

According to writer Eric Simons, 
sports fandom involves the “biological 
and psychological roots of a universal 
obsession.” It involves people in a 
vicious cycle that toys with their feel-
ings over the course of a few months 
and, statistically speaking, results 
in 29 angry people for every happy 
one. Although it is responsible for 
occasional tears of joy, it has also 
been implicated in wild, postgame 
rage, several shattered televisions and 
crushed bags of Doritos. I prefer to 
avoid the emotional rollercoaster by 
putting my eggs in different baskets, 
ensuring that I can confidently sport 
apparel emblazoned with various tri-
umphant playoff insignias.

Bandwagoning, however, comes 
with many more benefits. On the 
rare occasion that I can kick back 
on the couch with a can of Pringles 
and watch hockey, I always have 
something to watch when one game 
ends, as I’m a fan of Anaheim (won 
the Cup in 2007), Chicago (won 
in 2010 and 2013) and Pittsburgh 
(won in 2009).

The only problem arises when 
angry sports fans wedded to the suc-
cess of their team start to get critical 
of my redistribution of cheering. My 
bandwagoning, and especially my 
bandwagoning of multiple playoff-
bound teams, is, for unknown rea-
sons, scorned by anyone who thinks 
that I’m not a “true sports fan” or 
that I don’t deserve to participate in 
postgame celebrations.

But just because I have a some-
what deeper concern for my own 
self-interest doesn’t mean that I’m 
not a good hockey fan. Whenever 
Anaheim scores, I exult just as 
much as anyone else. And when 
they get scored on, I just watch 
Chicago. Bandwagoning keeps us 
emotionally stable in the playoffs’ 
cruel world of missed glory and 
makes sure that the team pennants 
on the wall are always relevant.

Kelvi n  Noron ha  
knoronha@ucsd.edu

Thinking Caps



Dear Editor,
The California Legislature 

passed Senate Bill 1440 in 
Fall 2010 because the transfer 
process no longer adequately 
served students: Owing to the 
differing requirements at each 
individual school, a community 
college student might take dozens 
more units than necessary before 
transferring and still have to repeat 
courses at the university level.

With a focus on transferring, 
many students also never 
completed an associate degree 
at the community college level, 
leaving them with nothing to 
show for their work if they didn’t 
finish the bachelor’s degree (a 
real concern at California State 
Universities, where the graduation 
rate for transfers is 72 percent). 

Applications from out-of-state 
and international, would-be 
freshmen to the University of 
California system-wide grew 
by 19 percent this year. UC 
Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas B. 
Dirks announced that he would 

be enrolling more out-of-state 
and international students with a 
goal of growing their portion of 
the overall UC population from 
20 percent to 23 percent over the 
next three years. With tuition levels 
frozen and state funding recovering 
slowly from recession cuts, Dirks 
added, “The fact remains that 
we have an unavoidable need to 
increase revenue in line with rising 
expenses.” 

According to an article in the 
UCSD Guardian by its editor-in-
chief, California legislators are set 
to take up a bill that would enable 
junior colleges across the state to 
offer a limited amount of four-year 
degrees to undergraduates. The 
legislation, Senate Bill 850, seeks to 
foster a larger number of college-
educated adults by expanding the 
accessibility of a four-year degree.

Still, students are less likely 
to get into college if they are 
financially needy and more likely 
to get in if they can afford to pay. 
Today, paying in full is the ticket 
into colleges like UCSD and UC 
Berkeley.

- Richard Thompson
Alumnus ‘83

O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5
©2

0
14
 S
t. 
G
eo

rg
e’
s 
U
ni
ve

rs
it
y 

If you’re thinking about medicine, you know how much Match 
Day means. It’s the moment when you realize that all your hard 
work paid off  and you are going to be a physician. St. George’s 
University doctors match into sought a er US residencies. 
Check out our residency list at sgu.edu/match. Come to The 
SGU Match Tour and meet SGU graduates who landed 
their dream jobs in 2014. 

Join the SGU Match Tour at the Marrio  Marquis San Diego 
Marina, and learn about the moment of truth from 2014 graduates.

MORE MATCHES. 
MORE RESIDENCIES. MORE JOY.

Grenada, West Indies

Tuesday, April 29, 2014   7:30pm-9:30pm
Marrio  Marquis San Diego Marina
RSVP: 1-800-899-6337 ext. 9 1280

or visit sgu.edu/infosessions

Most troubling is that this 
campaign, based on wild 
speculation and fear, has likely been 
responsible for a surge in infectious 
diseases in the past decade. The 
Center for Disease Control and 
Prevention reported that California 
endured a crippling outbreak of 
whooping cough in 2010, while 
several hundred other incidences of 
diseases have been reported across 
the country; all were ultimately 
traced to people who had not in fact 
been vaccinated.

Probably the culprits behind 
the rise in entirely preventable 
diseases are the legislative mandates 
requiring children and adults to 

be vaccinated that are subject to 
exemption on various grounds, 
whether religious or philosophical. 
Those in the anti-vaccine camp 
also tend to cite ‘personal liberty’ 
in demanding that they be 
exempted from the potentially 
lifesaving procedure. This attitude, 
however, is simply selfish and is 
unacceptable in a society in which 
close, personal contact is inevitable 
and unavoidable. Due to misguided 
reasoning, some parents may want 
to leave their children open and 
vulnerable to the infectious diseases 
that once ravaged populations 
worldwide. But in doing so, they 
are also putting thousands of others 
at risk. The scope of this decision 
has consequences that extend 

beyond the confines of the family; 
each unvaccinated child can spread 
diseases such as measles or rubella 
to anyone else who has not been 
protected from the viruses.

The crucial importance of a 
vaccinated population cannot be 
overstated. With the advent of 
vaccinations came the hope for 
eradication of infectious diseases 
and a healthy population — it 
would be catastrophic for society if 
this progress was reversed. Parents 
should realize that in refusing a 
vaccination, they are endangering 
millions of people other than just 
their own children.

SOLVE FOR X By Philip Jia LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR
Legislation Allows Junior 
Colleges to Offer Degrees

▶ VACCINES, from page 4

Failure to Get Vaccinated Has Far-Reaching Consequences

readers can contact
kelvi n  noron ha     knoronha@UCSD.EDU

www.ucsdguardian.org

CAN'T  GET  ENOUGH?   
VISIT  OUR  WEBSITE



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

Navigating through the winding, somber 
gray corridors of Trieste Apartment Villas 
— nicknamed “Triste,” which is Spanish 
for “sad” — feels oddly like fighting your 
way out of the Triwizard Tournament maze. 
Buildings are positioned such that natu-
ral sunlight hardly reaches windows, and 
impossibly shaped rooms make arranging 
furniture a game of real world Tetris. Poor 
architecture aside, Trieste is one of the few 
complexes in the UTC area that offers apartments with lofts, which run considerably cheaper than 
those of its neighbors, Costa Verde and La Jolla Palms, from about $1200 to $1700. This price reduc-
tion is partly offset by the fact that residents must cover all monthly utilities, including an overpriced 
water bill based off of an arcane formula involving square footage. Pets are generally welcome (with 
restrictions, of course), the apartments come with in-home washers and dryers and residents can use 
two hydrotherapy spas, as well as two resort-like pools. Aside from occasional motor theft, safety is 
generally not an issue, but each apartment only comes with two tiny parking spots, and guest parking 
is extremely difficult to find. Trieste’s major saving point is its central location –– the average com-
mute time to campus using public transit is under 15 minutes, while a 24-hour McDonald’s exists right 
down the block to satisfy those pesky midnight munchies.

HOUSE HUNTERS’
GUIDE TO2014

The Guardian features 10 popular off-campus housing options for students, highlighting prices, utilities and 
other considerations for those who may be apartment shopping for next year.

$ = Starting below $1000
$$ = Starting between $1000 and $1400
$$$ = Starting between $1500 and $1700
$$$$ = $1700 and above

Price Range KeyHillcrest $
by Aleksandra Kondtantinovic
Senior Staff Writer

If you’re over the crowds of undergrads at Costa Verde, you can head to Hillcrest, 
where you’ll find a slightly older crowd composed of UCSD graduate students. Hillcrest 
is the center of San Diego’s LGBT community and home to some of the best shop-
ping and dining around, including Cafe Bleu, T-Deli and Kous Kous Moroccan Bistro. 
UCSD students benefit from the shuttle stop, located at the Hillcrest Medical Center, 
which gets to the La Jolla campus in about half an hour. With lower rents than Westfield 
Shoppingtown UTC, ranging from around $850 to $3000, Hillcrest is a great choice for 
students moving out on their own for the first time. The apartment buildings tend to be 
smaller and older than the ones in UTC, but you’ll find more studio and one-bedroom 
options at affordable prices. One of the best parts about living in Hillcrest is being next-
door neighbors with Balboa Park, which is home to the San Diego Zoo, the Old Globe 
Theatre and 16 museums. Student priced tickets at the Globe and free museum Tuesdays 
in the park mean you’ll never run out of things to do in Hillcrest.

La Scala $$
by Laira Martin
Senior Staff Writer

Just under one mile from campus lies an afford-
able ($1300 to $2100), safe apartment complex that 
is happy to rent to UCSD students. Its name is La 
Scala, which means “the staircase” in Spanish, but 

don’t worry — there are elevators. 
With many one- and two-bedroom 
apartments available, a newly remod-
eled pool, gym and jacuzzi, La Scala 
is a no-brainer. Located next door 
to the sister apartment complex, 
International Gardens, you’re sure to 
call more than one of your friends 
neighbors. Parking spaces are small 
but numerous, and if you don’t have 
a car, the complex is right next to 
the Nobel shuttle stop and the 202 
bus line. Also in the vicinity is La 
Jolla Village Square, which has stores 
such as Ralph’s, CVS, Best Buy and 
Ulta. Ever wasted a good portion of 
your morning just trying to print 
out a homework assignment, and, of 
course, it jams? Good thing there’s 
a “printing station” with several 
computers, an industrial printer and 
complimentary coffee to top it off. 
The hallways could use some new 
carpeting, but hanging out by the 
barbeques and pool on a summer day 
more than makes up for it.

Trieste $$
by Hillary Lee
Senior Staff Writer

Tucked away on the cusp of a canyon, Eastgate’s Playmor has stayed mostly hidden 
from undergrads. Regardless, Playmor is a great place for students to live. Composed 
primarily of two-story townhouses ranging from the $900s to the $1300s, you’ll be 
surrounded by many families, but it also means you’ll be hard-pressed to get noise 
complaints from your neighbors. Ample street parking on Easter Way, in addition 
to the numerous guest spots within the complex, means it’s a prime location for 
kickbacks and parties. Playmor’s seclusion does mean that getting around requires 
navigating, but the Superloop stop is a 15-minute walk away that takes you to and 
from a bevy of great eateries at UTC and Regents Plaza, as well as to and from cam-
pus. Additionally, the Regents lot is also close by, providing another option for those 
rushing to get to class on time only to see the Superloop turn into the street before 
they get there. Contacting the independent contractors for each townhouse is tricky, 
and it means you’ll have to drive around the complex and look for lease signs around 
April and May. Once you snag a meeting, make sure you do your research beforehand 
so you don’t end up having to break the bank. Each townhouse comes with attached 
laundry rooms, a dishwasher and two numbered parking spaces, but make sure to find 
out about things like specific pet policies and utilities from each contractor because 
each contractor’s policy is different. 

Eastgate Mall $
by Kevin Chu
Staff Writer

PHOTO BY SIDDHARTH ATRE/GUARDIAN

PHOTO BY SIDDHARTH ATRE/GUARDIAN 

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 W
IL

L 
PA

R
S

O
N

/G
U

A
R

D
IA

N
 F

IL
E

UCSD Living

 Pricing reflects the starting range of each complex.

PHOTO BY WILL PARSON/GUARDIAN FILE

PHOTO BY ALLAN FERGUSON/FLICKR



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

Nestled in the middle of quiet Lebon Street and away from Nobel and La Jolla Village Drive’s traffic-
heavy rush hours, the safe and peaceful International Gardens apartment complex offers a less-populated 
location than the Regents-Nobel hotspot, while still maintaining a close walking distance to two Arriba 
stops and the Vons shopping center. Late night Tapioca Express runs without a car are definitely possible 
if you live here. Parking, on the other hand, is not ideal. Two spots are guaranteed, and guest parking on 
a typical evening results in an unsuccessful hunt for spots. Your friends will also have to keep their voices 
down if they visit because the walls are notoriously thin, and noise complaints are filed often. A washer 
and dryer don’t come with the unit, but laundry is known to be cheap. Maintenance also has a positive rep-
utation for being prompt and generous in upgrading broken appliances. Amenities include a (small) gym, 
a pool and sauna, volleyball courts and a cyber cafe. With two-bedroom apartments ranging from $1700 to 
$2000, living at International Gardens won’t leave a huge dent in your bank account, especially if you don’t 
mind squeezing in a few roommates.

Mirada $$
by Lauren Koa
Senior Staff Writer

Mirada is nestled in arguably one 
of the most convenient neighbor-
hoods off-campus. Located at less than 
a five-minute walking distance from 
the 201, 202 and Arriba/Nobel shuttles, Von’s and Tapioca Express, Mirada is situated in the perfect location 
for the busy college student. The neighborhood community feels very safe and quiet on the weekends and is 
very pet friendly. Pricing is upwards of $1300 for one-bedroom, one bathroom apartments and upwards of 
$1700 for two-bedroom, two bathroom options. And for an additional $40 a month, students can bring their 
animal companions. Each apartment is complete with walk-in closets, a patio area and kitchen appliances in 
unit. The community offers gym and pool access, as well as multiple rental laundry units for its residents to 
use. While there is a registration fee for residents to park their vehicles, parking is never a problem. Spots are 
plentiful — with no assigned spaces — and located just under your apartment. Depending on the number of 
roommates in the situation, Mirada can be an affordable option for students who are ready to try off-campus 
living without giving up convenience.

Mira Mesa $$
by Raquel Calderon
Staff Writer

Most residencies in the Mira Mesa are neat, conformist single family homes with an abundance of curbside parking. A car is a valuable asset 
here, as the hour ride on the 921 is the shortest public route to and from UCSD, and this bus only runs from 7 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Mira Mesa is a 
safe, suburban area located near San Diego Miramar College. Living in a straight-laced suburb has its perks; appliances and utilities are almost 
guaranteed, prices range from the low to mid $1000s and even the pricier places can be affordable with enough roommates. The restaurant 
scene consists largely of family friendly chains with some fast food fare sprinkled in. Delicious treats, such as Rigoberto’s Taco Shop and Punjabi 
Tandoor, are also in the area. Interesting local features include two highly rated climbing gyms, Vertical Hold and Mesa Rim. For those nights 
when the drive to Pacific Beach or Hillcrest seems too long, Mira Mesa has an array of classy breweries to visit.

Marbella $$$
by Kyle Trujillo
Contributing Writer

The rate at Marbella depends on who you rent from, but I got a good rate of 
$650 a month for a single room, plus utilities split four ways. The double room has 
a rate of $450 a month for both people, and the rooms all have large closets. The 
general price ranges from $1600 to $2000, and the kitchens are small, but a stove, 
dishwasher, fridge and microwave are usually included.  Each apartment has a 
two-car garage with enough space for the included washer and dryer, as well as for 
bikes and boards. Guest parking spaces cost a little extra. A small patio outside the 
front door offers a nice, sunny spot to study, and Vons is right across the street. In 
the center of the complex is a pool and hot tub. It’s also right between the Lebon 
and Arriba bus stops, so getting to campus is easy. Marbella is a safe, well-lit area, 
just a block from International Gardens.

Costa Verde $$$
by Siddhartha Atre
Contributing Writer

What distinguishes Costa Verde from the rest is primarily its sheer size; it is the largest apartment com-
munity in the immediate vicinity of the UCSD campus. The complex as a whole is divided into two main 
regions, North and South, both of which are located on the 41, 101 and 50 bus lines that run to UCSD. One- 
and two-bedroom apartments range from $1600 to $2500, and Bristol Farms is located less than a quarter of 
a mile away. In addition to students and young couples with one or two young children, there is a significant 
population of middle-aged people and retirees, particularly in the luxury apartments at Costa Verde Towers. 
Prospective tenants should be prepared to have to deal with old appliances (about 15 years), old elevators and 

old interiors. However, maintenance services are 
excellent; requests are promptly addressed, some-
times on the same day as the issue’s filing. On the 
downside, many residents have reported safety 
problems within the last six months, regarding 
car theft in particular.

Regents 
Court $$$
by Chanelle Wang
Staff Writer

A hidden gem tucked in the inter-
section of Nobel Drive and Regents 
Road, Regents Court Apartment Homes 
is San Diego’s luxurious apartment 
community. Equipped with a variety of 
award-winning bedroom floor plans, 
private balconies, gourmet kitchens and 
a fitness center, Regents Court offers a 
comfortable lifestyle that is easy to slip 
into for a price range of $1500 to about 
$1800. You won’t have to worry about 
being late to class, as the Arriba shuttle 
stop and 201 bus stop are located across 
the street. When you feel like you need 
some fresh air, this gated community 
is minutes away from the Mission Bay 
beaches, the Pacific Ocean coastline 
and grocery stores, such as Vons and 
Bristol Farms, so you are guaranteed to 
have somewhere to go. Entertainment 
at Regents Courts is endless, as it offers 
two Jacuzzi spas, a movie theater, a 
heated swimming pool and a club-
house. Regents Courts is an easy place 
to call home.

International Gardens $$$$
by Teiko Yakobson
Contributing Writer

PHOTO BY ANDREW RUIZ/GUARDIAN FILE

PHOTO BY MIKE CHI/GUARDIAN FILE

PHOTO BY SIDDHARTH ATRE/GUARDIAN

PHOTO BY KAREN LING/GUARDIAN FILE

PHOTO BY SIDDHARTH ATRE/GUARDIAN



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

All  Inclus ive! Water,  Gas & Trash …..Why Pay Extra!

1 & 2 Bedroom
apartments available! 

Newly Renovated
Interiors!

AMENITIES:
• 3 Spacious floorplans • New Cyber Cafe • Large walk-in closets • Dual master floorplans

• Vaulted ceilings in all top-floor homes • Fully equipped kitchens
• Woodburning fireplaces • Lap pool & Spa • Reserved parking

• Fitness center - Lifecycles, Universal equipment, Elliptical trainers & Aerobic equpment

There’s no need to call it a day when 
you come home to La Jolla 
International Gardens. A resort-style 
fitness haven has been designed to 
meet your quest for fun and activity.

Work out in our complete gym with Hoist ® 
and aerobic equipment. Swim in our 
heated lap pool, relax in a bubbly jacuzzi or 
enjoy a complimentary beverage while 
searching the web in our cyber cafe.

(858) 587-9997
3417 Lebon Drive , San Diego, CA 92122 www.lajollainternationalgardens.com

Live in the best location in UTC! Enjoy underground 
parking, luscious courtyards, and a newly remodeled 
fitness center with the latest cardio and weight training 
equipment.

Expect to be impressed by our resort style pool and spa 
and modern clubhouse. We offer spacious floor plans 
surrounded in a beautifully landscaped setting.

Newly Renovated 1 & 2 bedroom apartments available

Amenities Include:

Why pay for water, trash, gas, & parking... We included!

• All master bedrooms with spacious walk-in closets
• Private balcony or patio • Dramatic cathedral ceilings in all top floor homes

• Fully equipped kitchen with microwave & refrigerator 
• Reserved and convenient underground parking 

• Ample storage • Cyber Cafe • Fitness Center • Heated Lap Pool and Spa 

3845 Nobel Drive, San Diego, CA 92122
www.LaScalaApartments.com 

(858) 457- 4444



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 
Do you enjoy the smell

of fresh-cut grass?
Is a picnic under a newly

blossoming tree enjoyable?
We are looking for people that do not suffer from allergies to 
donate blood to help us study how seasonal pollens cause 
allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how the immune system causes allergies and why 
non-allergic people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, 
you will be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to 

what is donated at a blood bank) and compensated $100 for 
your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

(Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get HAY FEVER?

Do you suffer from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 
blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You 

will be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 
 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information.

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 

Do you suffer from:
runny/stuffy nose, watery/itchy eyes,

congestion, sneezing, sinus pressure?

Do you get hay fever?

Do you experience allergies that are induced by a change in the 
season? We are looking for allergic individuals to donate blood to 
help us study how seasonal pollens such as weeds, grasses, or trees 
induce allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how your immune system may cause allergies.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, you will 
be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to what is provided at 

a blood bank) and compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

ucsdguardian

.
org

YOUR
NEWS
NOW!

UCSD Finishes Third at the CCAAs, 
Earns Qualifier for NCAA Regionals

GOLF

Golf ties school record for best ever conference tournament finish with three 
Tritons placing in top 10, will compete against 19 teams at NCAA Regionals.

The UCSD men’s golf team trav-
eled to Stockton, Calif. last week for 
the California Collegiate Athletic As-
sociation Championship, finishing 
in third place out of eight teams and 
tying for the best finish in school his-
tory. Three Tritons finished in the top 
10 individual standings.

The eight-team tournament in-
cluded No. 13 Cal State Stanislaus, 
who finished in first place, running 
ahead of the competition and having 
four of its players finish in the top 10 in 
individual standing. The Warriors shot 
a team total of 859, five under par, 17 
swings ahead of second place finisher 
Cal State Monterey Bay (876, +12).

Senior Lewis Simon — UCSD’s 
top finisher — tied for eighth out of 
a field of 40. He swung 3-over 219 on 
the par-72, 6,720-yard on the Brook-
side Country Club course. Junior Jay 

Lim finished closely behind, tying 
with fellow Triton sophomore Daniel 
Yang for 10th with a 221, 5-over par. 
As a team, UCSD had its second-best 
tournament score of the season.

“Our performance in the last tour-
nament shows that we can all per-
form at a high level and compete with 
all the top players,” Lim said. “I feel 
like our team is in a good position to 
play well, and we are playing well at 
the right time.”

The last putt for UCSD deter-
mined the final standings, as Lim 
needed a par to clinch the third-
place position for the Tritons. Un-
der pressure, he was able to make 
the clutch birdie to give the Tritons 
the edge over Chico State.

“That last putt was probably the 
most nervous I felt over any golf 
shot,” Lim said. “My hands were 
shaking. I just wanted to make the 
putt knowing what is on the line, 
and with everyone watching, I just 

prayed and hit the putt.”
The Tritons finished ahead of No. 

5 Chico State (883, +19) and No. 23 
Sonoma State (899, +35). Since their 
rough start early in the season, the 
Tritons have regained their confi-
dence and now intend to ride their 
momentum into the postseason.

“We are extremely confident at 
the moment,” sophomore Clay-
ton Yamaguchi, who finished tied 
for 24th, said. “This regular season 
hasn’t gone as well as we would’ve 
liked, especially [in] our most recent 
tournaments where some of our 
guys struggled. But having played 
well last week and beating some of 
the top teams in the country, we are 
confident and know we belong in 
the regional.”

On Friday, the Tritons discovered 
they qualified for the NCAA Division 
II Golf Championship Regionals for 
the third straight year. The team will 
travel down to Grey Rock Golf Club 
in Austin, Texas from May 5 to 7 to 
compete with 19 other schools, includ-
ing fellow CCAA opponents Cal State 
Monterey Bay, Chico State, Cal State 
Stanislaus and Sonoma State. 

“Our main goal is to make it to 
the national championship, which is 
possible if our guys are sharp,” Ya-
maguchi said. “But we just want to 
go out there without expectations 
and try to beat more teams that 
people wouldn’t expect us to beat, 
which is fun for us.”

readers can contact
daniel sung    d2sung@ucsd.edu 

P
H

O
TO

 U
S

E
D

 W
IT

H
 P

E
R

M
IS

S
IO

N
 F

R
O

M
 U

C
S

D
 A

TH
LE

TI
C

S

BY  dan i el  su ng
associate sports editor

Senior Lewis Simon finished eighth overall and was the top finisher for UCSD. 



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

CARS 
2004 GMC Yukon Green, 104K miles - 
$12998 - Only the best pre-owned cars are 
selected to become CarMax cars - just one 
in 3 that we evaluate meets our high stan-
dards for quality. We then invest time and 
money renewing every car so you don’t 
have to - each undergoes twelve hours of 
reconditioning, on average, and passes a 
meticulous 125+ point inspection. Finally, 
we protect every car we sell with a 30-Day 
Limited Warranty* and 5-Day Money-
Back Guarantee*. Enjoy added alarm with 
the purchase of an available MaxCare 
Extended Service Plan. Visit carmax.com 
to see this and thousands more certified 
quality pre-owned cars on-line! *60-Day 
in CT, 90-Day in MA and NY. See store 
for written info.Price excludes government 
charges and taxes, any finance fees, $80 
dealer document preparation charge (not 
required by law), and any emission testing 
charge. Some fees are location specific 
and may change if you transfer this vehicle 
to a different CarMax store. PRICE IS FIRM 
Listing ID: 84682589 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Used 2007 Honda Civic for sale. - 
$11998 - CLEAR TITLE & CARFAX.. CALL 
FOR INFORMATION TODAY! five year 
/ ADDITIONAL 100,000mi EXTENDED 
SERVICE CONTRACT AVAILABLE.. NOW 
OPEN TO THE PUBLIC!!!! Listing ID: 
84682579 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

2008 Honda Ridgeline RTL - $19966 - 2008 
HONDA RIDGELINE RTL 4X4 4X4 4X4!!! 
UNDER 58,000 ADULT DRIVEN, PAMPERED 
MILES!!! MOST RIDES THIS MUCH FUN 
USUALLY MAKE ... Full listing at http://
PreOwnedCar.com Listing ID: 84637500 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information.

2008 Honda Civic LX - $12495 - CHECK 
OUT THE SUPER COOL REAR SPOILER!!! 
BE A PART OF THE FAST AND THE 
FURIOUS!!!JUST ANOTHER FRESH MOSSY 
TOYOTA TRADE IN!!! LOOKING FOR A DEAL? 
HOW ABOUT A ATTRACTIVE DEAL? HOW 
ABOUT A GOOD DEAL? WELL, IF YOU SAID 
YES TO A GOOD DEAL, YOUR SEARCH 
IS OVER!!! THIS HONDA IS EVERYTHING 
YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR!!! WITH 
INCREDIBLE FUEL ECONOMY AND LOW 
MAINTENANCE, THIS CIVIC WILL KEEP YOU 
SMILING ALL WEEK LONG!! UNDER 52,000 
GENTLY USED MILES!!!! NONE NICER IN 
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA!!!!Gorgeous 
Car with an extensive list of amenities! 
Everyone at work will think you gat a pro-
motion! An all encompassing automobile 
that stops just short of excessive. Why live 
in a mundane existance?? Why Buy From 
Us? You can trust Mossy Toyota because 
we’ve been in the business for over 20 
yrs here in San Diego. We work hard to 
offer our customers the best in used cars 

and certified used. We want your busi-
ness today, and want you to come back 
in the future too. Listing ID: 84433107 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information.

PETS
Oustanding Tcup Yorkie AKC. - $500 - Cute 
male and female Teacup Yorkie.12weeks 
old, will be 4lbs at full growth, Shots and 
Dewormed, Microchiped,coming with reg., 
paper. kbjpets@yahoo.com, 3014785604. 
Any question call for information : 626-673 
8934 Listing ID: 84254675 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Foundation West Side Monster and Dozer 
Daisy Razor’s Edge These blue, foundation 
West Side Monster and Dozer Daisy Razor’s 
Edge strains are heavy and correctly line 
bred in this breeding. This is sure to be a 
memorable breeding with a lot of lean, 
thick muscle mass, bone and dome. These 
American Bully puppies bred from pure 
bred American Pitbull Terrier, will be loyal, 
intelligent and aim to please their owners. 
Puppies come with vaccines, health record 
and health guarantee. These puppies are 
pure bred and can be registered with UKC, 
IBKC and ABKC. Two males and 1 female 
available. Call now to make an appoint-
ment to see the puppies in person. ID: 
84500768 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

ELECTRONICS
42 inch Vizio - $350 - Great TV purchased 
5 months ago. Selling because we do not 
have room for it anymore. Walmart price 
is $440. Asking 350 or best offer..Listing ID: 
84682590 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Welcome To Destroyit Shredder - $729 - 
Manufactured by IDEAL Krug and Priester 
in Germany Destroyit shredders have set 
a benchmark for quality engineering for 
over 50 yrs It has electronic safety mea-
sures and also technically advanced fea-
tures and functionalists In other words 
Destroyit shredders can be considered the 
best available shredders today Listing ID: 
84026748 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

windsurfing (san diego) $150- windsurfing 
board fanatic 146l....north sail 7.5..Listing 
ID: 84606275 at ucsdguardian.org/classi-
fieds for more information

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

UCSD BLOOD 
DONOR ALLERGY 

STUDY: 
Subjects with either current 
allergy symptoms to inhaled 

allergens (cat, grass, dust 
mite), or healthy non-allergic 
volunteers, needed as blood 

donors for research study. 
Will be reimbursed $20 for 

blood donation.
Contact Dr. Broide, 

Department Medicine 
(619-335-8685).

LOVE DRIVING? 
Get the perfect 
part-time job: 

• Earn $12.85/hour
• Work on campus
• Flexible schedule

• Paid training
• Hiring now for summer 

training
• UCSD students only

Details at 
shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

 

EGG DONORS NEEDED
We are seeking attractive and intelligent women 

of all ethnicities under the age of 29 to help 
our clients create their family.

If you are interested in becoming an egg donor 
or just want to receive more information 

about the process please contact us.
Information is free and there is never 

an obligation if you inquire.

info@aperfectmatch.com or 1-800-264-8828

$15,000 plus expenses
CA Health and Safety Code Section 125325: “Egg donation involves a screening process. Not all potential egg donors are selected.

Not all selected egg donors receive the monetary amounts or compensation advertised. As with any medical procedure, there may be 
risks associated with human egg donation. Before an egg donor agrees to begin the egg donation process, and signs a legally binding 
contract, she is required to receive specific information on the known risks of egg donation. Consultation with your doctor prior to 

entering into a donor contract is advised.”

 

ASIAN EGG DONORS NEEDED
We are seeking attractive and intelligent women

under the age of 29 to help our clients create their family.
If you are interested in becoming an egg donor 

or just want to receive more information 
about the process please contact us.

Information is free and there is never 
an obligation if you inquire.

info@aperfectmatch.com or 1-800-264-8828

$25,000 plus expenses
CA Health and Safety Code Section 125325: “Egg donation involves a screening process. Not all potential egg donors are selected.

Not all selected egg donors receive the monetary amounts or compensation advertised. As with any medical procedure, there may be 
risks associated with human egg donation. Before an egg donor agrees to begin the egg donation process, and signs a legally binding 
contract, she is required to receive specific information on the known risks of egg donation. Consultation with your doctor prior to 

entering into a donor contract is advised.”

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

FIND US!

SUN GOD BABIES
SPECIAL EDITIONCROSSWORD

ACROSS
3.    The place with all of your organization needs
5.    The best falafels on campus
6.    Artists who have the prime spot in the festival lineup
9.    The walls of this room are decorated with Sun God history
10.  A place to work off your banana split and also do the splits
15.  Can’t afford a lawyer? Well the school has supplied on-call 

lawyers here
17.  Nathaniel Rathbun
23.  Where you sign up for classes in person
24.  Sun Gods House DJ
25.  Played “Hemptathalon Smoker #1” in Mac & Devin Go to 

High School
26.  Enter the Lion’s den with this Berkeley alum 

DOWN
1.    Hitsong = Cough Syrup
2.    Get help with HUM, MCWP, DOC, MMW, WCWP, and CAT
4.    Lead vocalist of Young the Giant
7.    In 2010, they released a self-titled album
8.    Katy Perry’s collaboration with one of the Sun God headliners
11.  Guitarist of Young the Giant
12.  They have really nice bagels in this student run food place
13.  Home of the La Jolla Symphony
14.  Nominated for 2013 BET Rookie of the Year
16.  "It's hard out here for a pimp."
17.  Student organizers of the Sun God Festival
18.  It accesses dining dollars and doors and you need it with you at all 

times during Sun God
19.  Packages come and go, but this government-run office is here to stay
20.  The thing that you need to get into the festival
21.  A funny UCSD alum
22.  This DJ is mad decent sgf.ucsd.edu

15

13

23

1

9

2

4

25

11

7

14

19

8

2118

12

6

5

20

24

10

3

26

16

17

22



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  1 1

THU5.01 • 7pm

Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
4 . 2 8  -  5 . 0 4

2 0 1 4 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

MON4.28 WED4.30TUE4.29
11am
PRICE CENTER’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY – 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA
Wow! Can't believe it's been 25 years since 
Price Center was first open on this campus! 
In honor of its history, come to Price Center 
Plaza to celebrate with the rest of campus. 
There will be FREE FOOD and performances 
by UCSD's own student organizations. 
Contact: chma004@gmail.com

8pm
CURREN$Y AT PORTER’S PUB – 
PORTER’S PUB (ORIGINAL STUDENT 
CENTER)
New Orleans rapper and Hip-Hop connoisseur 
Curren$y thrives on making music on his own 
terms. With his 'Jet Life' mantra about living 
life to the fullest, the savvy rhyme spitter 
(why do you think they call him 'Spitta'?) is 
focused on a lyrical devotion to the truth and 
authenticity. All Ages. UCSD Students: $20. 
General Admission: $22. Contact: 
gerardo.soto@porterspub.com

11am
JULIA BROWN: THE LIFE OF A BIONEER – PC EAST BALLROOM
Julia Brown is a well-known executive in the life science industry and a 
UC San Diego Foundation Trustee with an impressive list of positions in 
her repertoire. She will be speaking about her own personal journey on 
various Boards of Directors, speaking about the growing opportunities 
she sees for biology, engineering, and business majors in biotechnology, 
and giving her advice on flourishing in this diverse industry. This event is 
the third in the series of the Biological Sciences Student Association 
(BSSA) Professional Development Career Quarter events. Pizza will be 
served following her presentation. Contact ucsdbssa@gmail.com

12pm
REAL WORLD CAREER SERIES: CAREERS IN VIOLENCE 
PREVENTION & INTERVENTION – HUERTA/VERA CRUZ ROOM, 
ORIGINAL STUDENT CENTER
Join us for a panel featuring a variety of perspectives on violence 
prevention and intervention work. A networking reception will follow in 
the Women's Center from 1-1:30pm. This event is co-sponsored by the 
Sexual Assault and Violence Prevention Resource Center (SARC). Panel 
Featuring: VANESSA WU (Volunteer, Center for Community Solutions), 
NANCY WAHLIG, MSW, LCSW (Director, UCSD Sexual Assault & Violence 
Prevention Resource Center), SUZANNE WARD, N.P. (Nurse Practitioner, 
UCSD Student Health Services), MIKE BRITTON (Detective, UCSD Police 
Department), AIDEE BRUNNER (Deputy District Attorney, San Diego 
County District Attorney's Office). Contact: women@uscd.edu. 

5pm
A REPORTER’S JOURNEY THROUGH MEXICO’S DRUG WAR – 
INSTITUTE OF THE AMERICAS, MALAMUD CONFERENCE RM, 
WEAVER CENTER
In this public talk, hear Alfredo Corchado, Mexico bureau chief, Dallas 
Morning News and author of 'Midnight in Mexico' in the keynote address 
that begins a two-day conference, 'Libertad Bajo Palabra: Censorship, 
Satire, and the Press in Mexico.' Four sessions on Thursday, May 1 bring 
together academics and journalists from both sides of the border in a 
quest to expand our understanding of what a free press has meant to 
Mexico during the 20th and 21st centuries. He has described the perils 
that journalists face and the disturbing result: an increasingly silent 
Mexican press. As a result of his reporting on the drug violence, Corchado 
has received numerous death threats that have forced him to leave Mexico 
for periods of time.Read full bio and event information online. Presented 
by the Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies at UC San Diego. Attendance is 
FREE, but registration is required. A reception will be held after the talk. 
Contact: Lisa Lee at lisalee@ucsd.edu

7pm
KSDT PRESENTS THE CLIFF HANGER SHOW – PC BALLROOM 
WEST
Make your Wednesday night infinitely better with a wicked cool FREE 
concert, located conveniently at Price Center. KDST brings you YACHT 
and Wasted Days to spice up your fifth week. Come and hang out with the 
campus's only student-run radio station. Doors open at 7pm and show 
starts at 7:30. See you there! Contact: ksdt.promotions@gmail.com

SUN5.04
5pm
ASAYAKE AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS – PC WEST 
BALLROOM
Come experience the amazing japanese drummers of Asayake Taiko 
perform at their annual spring concert! This year's concert features a 
spin on the Harry Potter world but includes exciting taiko performances 
interspersed between a witty dialogue and a comical plot. UCSD 
students: FREE. General admission: $8. Contact: 
asayaketaiko@gmail.com

FRI5.02
12pm
CHOCOLATE FESTIVAL – SIXTH COLLEGE 
RESIDENCE HALLS
Come to the annual Chocolate Festival in Sixth 
College! Free games, jousting, bungee runs, and 
chocolate fountains! The event is happening in the 
Sixth College Reshalls right behind Pepper Canyon 
Hall from 12-4pm on May 2nd. It's going to be an 
amazing, chocolate-filled time you don't want to 
miss! Contact: sixthrlstaff@ucsd.edu

5pm
KUNCOCSHUN FESTIVAL – WARREN FIELD
Come and experience the phenomenon that is 
Kuncocshun, Sixth's annual music and arts 
festival. Enjoy live music, free food (In-n-Out, 
Jersey Mike's, RED), hamster balls, photobooths, 
graffiti walls, tons of carnival games, raffle prizes, 
and so much more. End your week right with this 
massive event (runs from 5pm to 9pm). Contact: 
kuncocshun@gmail.com

8pm
DANNY BROWN AT THE PUB – PORTER’S 
PUB (ORIGINAL STUDENT CENTER)
Come see one of Detroit's finest MCs. Danny 
Brown! recently released his newest album 'OLD' 
which was acclaimed to be one of the best albums 
released in 2013, if not the best! Check him out 
live! All Ages. General Admission: $20

12pm
NATIONAL PRESERVATION WEEK – GEISEL 
LIBRARY EAST, 2ND FLOOR
National Preservation Week is April 27 through 
May 3, 2014. Visit Geisel East, 2nd floor that 
week to see a display about important 
preservation issues. An informal event at the 
display will be hosted on Tuesday, April 29 from 
noon to 2:00 p.m. People who drop by will get 
information on book repair and basic information 
on preserving their personal papers. You’ll also 
learn about how the UC San Diego Library goes 
about preserving its collections. Contact: 
spaulson@ucsd.edu

3pm
#DOITFORTHEJOB: ‘ISMS’ IN THE 
WORKPLACE – CROSS CULTURAL CENTER 
(PRICE CENTER EAST, LEVEL 2)
In order to create an inclusive workplace, we 
need to develop meaningful and effective ways of 
understanding, listening, and responding to 
challenges around differences. Through a panel 
Q&A session, this workshop will demonstrate a 
variety of experiences from the different panelist 
explaining ways in which we can learn how to 
handle and discuss the difficult situations of isms 
in the workplace. If you require special 
accommodations or have additional questions, 
please contact Porsia Thomas, 
pothomas@ucsd.edu. Contact: 
pothomas@ucsd.edu

6pm
FOCUS ON SOUTH AFRICA: BLACK QUEER 
BORN FREES – CALIT2 AUD, ATKINSON 
HALL
Nicholas Papadopoulos Endowed Lecture in Gay 
& Lesbian Studies: Performance and lecture by 
renowned South African photographer and visual 
activist, Zanele Muholi. Focus on South Africa: 
Black Queer Born Frees, featured in 'Faces and 
Phases', a three part lecture series exploring the 
visual culture of black LGBTI youth from various 
South African townships. The visual activism 
approach will be used to understand realities of 
black queers born at the end of apartheid in SA 
focusing mainly on visual expression of the Black 
Queer Born Frees. The new generation born in the 
post-apartheid SA is also known as 'Mandela's 
step great-grandchildren.' The lecture will 
emphasize how the activist negotiated the 
production space/s interacting with those born 
from 1990 to 1994. 6:00pm Performance & 
Lecture / 8:00pm Reception. Sponsored by 
Critical Gender Studies at UC San Diego. Contact: 
cgs@ucsd.edu

SAT5.03
10am
4TH ANNUAL NATIVE AMERICAN POWWOW – UC SAN DIEGO 
TOWN SQUARE
The powwow is a Native American gathering focused on dance, song and 
family celebration. It celebrates the connections to tradition and 
spirituality, to the Earth and to one another in a social, personal and 
spiritual meeting. Powwows began mainly as religious ceremonies to 
gain wisdom from and give thanks to the Creator. Though many of 
today's powwows have evolved into social and contest-oriented dances, 
religious and ceremonial dances are still performed. Though the dance 
styles and content have changed, the meaning and importance of the 
dance has not. No other event captures the Native American spirit like the 
powwow. 4th Annual Native American Powwow: Flags of the Nations. 
Saturday, May 3, 2014, 10:00am-10:00pm. Free and open to the public. 
Contact: nasa@ucsd.edu. Website: http://www.nativestudents.com

THU5.01
10am
UCDC INFO SESSION – PRICE CENTER 
WEST, ERC ROOM
Live, learn and intern in Washington, D.C. 
Internships are available for every major, 
earn academic credit and keep your 
financial aid. Still time to apply for Winter 
2015 quarter - deadline May 30. 
Requirements are 90 units and 2.5 GPA. 
Contact: Amy Nastase

1:30pm
THERAPY FLUFFIES – THE ZONE, 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA
Come relax and de-stress with our 
fun-loving certified therapy dogs. Join us 
at The Zone every week and relax with 
these playful pups! Questions? Contact 
The Zone, 858-534-5553

5pm
GOOD LIFE FESTIVAL – UCSD TOWN 
SQUARE
Hosted by the UCSD Student Health and 
Well-Being Cluster, in partnership with 
UCSD Recreation, the Good Life Festival is 
a celebration of healthy living and positive 
lifestyles. Come join us to celebrate with 
tons of attractions, such as: FREE Rubios 
for the first 1000 students, Human hamster 
balls (land AND water!), Live Zumba 
Sessions, Chair massages, Climbing wall, 
Face painting, Henna tattoos, and MORE! 
Don't forget about the live DJ all night 
long, free food samples from KIND Bar and 
Guayaki Yerba Mate and other giveaways! 
All activities and food samples are free. 
There will also be food trucks from Philly 
Soft Pretzel Company for $1 pretzels, and 
Calbi Tacos for $2 tacos, at the event with 
for-purchase items. Contact: 
zone@ucsd.edu

7pm
CELEBRATION OF AFRICA – PC 
BALLROOM EAST
Join ASA in celebrating African heritage, 
diversity, as well as the African Diaspora! 
There will be tons of entertainment 
originating from different regions of Africa! 
Come watch our students perform on 
stage! Teye Sa Thiosanner African Drum 
and Dance Company will be making a 
special appearance! Dr. Ivan Evans, from 
UCSD’s Department of Sociology, will be 
the keynote and help educate us on the 
diversity within Africa and celebrating our 
roots! Dinner will be served from THREE 
local San Diego Restaurants: Awash 
Ethiopian Restaurant, Laylah’s Jerk and 
Patties, and Cape Town Pub! *Come early, 
as food is limited!* Come out for a night of 
guaranteed fun and cultural learning!



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  2 8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

The No. 13 Tritons cruised to their second straight Western Water Polo Association conference title with a 
16–3 blowout victory over Cal State East Bay, earning a berth in May’s NCAA tournament.

BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR 
PHOTOS BY ALWIN SZETO DESIGN BY DOROTHY VAN

Taking the Crown
WWPA CHAMPIONSHIP winners

For the second straight year, the No. 13 UCSD women’s water polo team has earned an automatic qualifier for the NCAA women’s water polo champion-ships after winning the Western Water Polo Association conference tournament 
this past Sunday, April 27. The win 
marks the third WWPA champi-
onship for the Tritons in the last 
four seasons and the first repeat in 
UCSD history.

The Tritons took Saturday’s semi-
final match 14–5 against Sonoma 
State to advance to Sunday’s final 
match, during which UCSD routed 
Cal State East Bay 16–3 for the con-
ference crown.

On Saturday afternoon, the Tri-
tons had no trouble in a dominant 
performance against Sonoma 
State. UCSD held an advantage 
the entire way through, as the Tri-
tons outscored the Seawolves in 
all four quarters. 

The Tritons opened the match 
with a goal from All-WWPA First 
Team selection Melissa Bartow, 
building up a commanding 8–2 
edge by the end of the first half.

In spite of his team’s strong 
opening, UCSD head coach Brad Kreutzkamp still admitted some rust on the part 
of the Tritons. 

“[We had] a week off,” Kreutzkamp told the UCSD Guardian. “Sonoma had al-
ready played two games — this was their third — so they were a little sharper than 
we were. We had to get off some cobwebs.”

The Tritons closed out the match with a solid second half, outscoring the Sea-
wolves 6–3 in the final two quarters en route to the 14–5 victory. 

Junior attacker and All-WWPA Second Team selection Jolene Guiliana led the 
Tritons with four scores. WWPA Player of the Year and senior utility Sarah Lizotte 
trailed Guiliana with a hat trick herself. 

In Sunday’s championship contest, the Tritons were in full control from the get-
go, as UCSD racked up a 7–0 edge over Cal State East Bay during the first quarter. 

“It’s a championship game so you get excited and you get ready to come out pretty 
aggressively, and I think that’s what happened today,” Lizotte said. “We came out 
hard, and we didn’t let up the whole time.” 

By the end of the third quarter, Cal State East Bay mustered only one goal while 
the Tritons overwhelmed the Pioneers to build up a 14–1 lead. 

In the final quarter, UCSD tallied two more goals to secure the 16–3 win. 
“To me, [the win] shows how 

hard this team’s been working,” 
Kreutzkamp said. “[You] never 
know how the results are going 
to come out. For the last three 
out of four years, they’ve come 
out our way.”

Guiliana led UCSD again with 
five scores, while sophomore 
goalkeeper Courtney Miller tal-
lied 10 blocked shots in her im-
pressive goaltending effort.

Three Tritons — Guiliana, 
Lizotte and Miller — were 
named to the WWPA Champi-
onships All-Tournament First 
Team, while senior center Me-
lissa Bartow earned a spot on the 
Second Team. With nine goals 
in the two games played, Guili-
ana was also granted the WWPA 
Championships Most Valuable 
Player Award. 

Guiliana appeared to be flus-
tered and at a loss of words when asked about the accolade. 

“It’s awesome,” Guiliana said. “I don’t know. I’m honored that I get to have it.”
Lizotte, UCSD’s all-time leader in scoring, finished with four goals in her final 

match at UCSD. 
“When I came into this program, I wanted to impact it,” Lizotte said. “I hope I 

have. It’s crazy that it’s over, and it’s crazy that I’m leaving behind all of this. But I’m 
excited for this program, and I’m excited for this team.” 

With the conference championship in the books, the Tritons now look ahead to 
focus on nationals. Because UCSD earned an automatic qualifier, the Tritons are first 
slated to compete in the NCAA play-in game on Saturday, May 3. The contest essen-
tially counts as an early first round for the Tritons, who will have to win to advance 
further in their postseason. 

The Tritons will discover the identity of their opponent on Monday, April 28 when 
full announcements for the seedings and schedule air on a selection show at 5 p.m. 
on the NCAA website. 

The victorious Tritons gather together after their 16–3 championship win over CSUEB.

readers can contact
brandon  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 

Track & Field
Baseball
Softball
Softball
M. Golf

   5/01
   5/03
   5/03
   5/04
   5/05

AT CCAA Championships
VS Cal State San Bernardino
AT CCAA Championships 
AT CCAA Championships
AT NCAA Regionals

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

“We came out hard, and we didn’t let up the whole time.” — Sarah Lizotte, Senior Utility




