
A.S. Council senators have used 
less than a third of their allocated 
funding as of Feb. 26, according to 
A.S. Vice President Finance and 
Resources Sean O’Neal. Only $1,475 
of the 2013–14 senator initiative 
budget has been allocated out of the 
total $5,000 available. 

The funding used so far was 
allocated to only three sena-
tors. However, a multitude of new 
requests are coming in for senator 
projects to be completed in the final 
few weeks of their terms.

One notable reason for the 
excess of remaining funds is that 
college senators often draw funds 
from their college council funds 
rather than from the A.S. Council 
budget.

Sixth College Senator Allison 
Bagnol used SCSC money to fund her 
first project, an event in which she 
gave out free ice cream and bananas 
while discussing fair trade, because it 
was located in Sixth College and thus 
she felt it aimed more at Sixth College 
students. Her upcoming project, 

University of California 
American Federation of State, 
County and Municipal Employees 
3299, the public service employee 
union that represents the lowest-
paid UC workers, has reached a 
tentative four-year contract agree-
ment for the UC’s 8,300 service 
workers. Thus, the following week’s 
scheduled AFSCME 3299 strike has 
been canceled.

The UC service workers were 
able to secure the agreement after 
two strikes in the last year, with 
the threat of a third last month. 
However, although they have 
secured a tentative agreement, 
13,000 UC Patient Care Technical 
Workers are still bargaining with the 
UC system. While these UC medical 
workers have been striking along-
side UC service workers, they have 
yet to receive a response.

 “The Patient Care Unit has been 

engaged in good-faith bargaining 
for more than 20 months —even 
longer than service workers — and 
like service workers, has already 
given UC 80 percent of what it 
wants, including the university’s top 
priority of pension reform,” Kathryn 
Lybarger, UC service worker and 
AFSCME 3299 president, said.

Medical workers such as techni-
cians, nursing aides and therapists 
have yet to settle the contract with 
the UC system. They were sched-
uled to sympathy strike with cam-
pus workers in the now-canceled 
strike, but negotiations are expected 
to resume on Friday.

As a result of this agreement 
between the UC and service work-
ers, 99 percent of who are income-
eligible for some form of public 
assistance will receive a 13.5-percent 
board wage increase over four years, 
affordable health-care benefits for 
current and retired employees, new 

The transportation referendum 
originally proposed by A.S. Council 
during Fall Quarter 2013 has had new 
language approved by the Office of 
the Chancellor and A.S. Council. The 
language has been passed to the UC 
Office of the President for approval, 
and the Graduate Student Association 
will vote to approve it on Monday.

The referendum will pass through 
UCOP unchanged if it is determined 
that the referendum abides by the 
rules and guidelines set forth by the 
office. Both A.S. Council and GSA 
will vote on the referendum before it is 
approved through UCOP, in order to 
ensure that, if unchanged by UCOP, it 
makes it onto the Spring Quarter elec-
tions ballot.

If it is not passed through UCOP 
or GSA, students will vote on the 
changed language in a special election. 
ASUCSD MOVES Executive Director 

Kyle Heiskala hopes that this will not 
happen because he expects more stu-
dents would vote on a general election 
ballot. However, he is optimistic about 
the events that have transpired thus far.

“I was really excited that the chan-
cellor approved the language to be 
approved by UCOP,” Heiskala said. 
“It basically means the referendum is 
moving forward.”

The finalized language of the refer-
endum includes a new student trans-
portation fee of $49.96 per student per 
quarter that will provide each student 
with a Regional Transit Pass. The pass 
will allow students unlimited rides 
on all of the San Diego Metropolitan 
Transit System’s modes of transporta-
tion, including the bus, trolley and 
light rail routes.

A Student Transportation Advisory 
Committee will oversee how the funds 
are spent — 71 percent of the funds 
go to the transportation pass, while a 
mandatory 29 percent will go to the 
financial aid.

Additional reporting for this story 
by Gabriella Fleischman.

SOUNDS OF
ST. VINCENT

Musician Annie Clark’s fifth 
studio album takes on a 

more electronic sound than 
previous works. She will 
perform at the Casbah in 
San Diego on March 19.

A "HOLISTIC  REVIEW"

CCAA  PREVIEW

RECONSIDERING  AMENDMENT  5

A  BREAKDOWN  OF  THE  BRACKET

opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

THURSDAY
H 70 L 54

FRIDAY
H 72 L 51

SATURDAY
H 82 L 55

SUNDAY
H 81 L 56

FORECAST

VERBATIM
The com-
bination of 
hip hop and 
jazz makes 
geographical 
sense: It’s an 
all-American 
sandwich with spoken words 
on one side and dizzying 
instrumentation on the other. 

-Jonah Yonker
UNDERSOUND

WEEKEND, PAGE 8

INSIDE
New Business ................. 3
Rhyme or Reason ........... 4
Film Review .................... 9
Sudoku ......................... 10
Fencing......................... 11

“

weekend,  PAGE  8

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM REPUBLIC RECORDS

CAMPUS

Students Rally for End to 
Prison Industrial Complex

Campus groups mobilized to draw attention to the 
difference in Calif. spending on prisons and education.

A.S. COUNCIL

Academic 
Senators’ 
Budget Left 
Unspent
Over $3,500 is left in the 
senators’ yearly budget 
meant to fund their 
individual projects. 

BY  Gabri ella  Fleisch man
    Associate News Editor

BY    Andrew  Huang  Associate News Editor   photo   by  Taylor  Sanderson

Over 100 black-clad students mobi-lized for their “March 4 Education N’ De-Incarceration” at the Silent Tree on 
Tuesday. The 2014 Student Affirmative Action 
Committee Chair Ernesto Reyes led the march, 
which primarily sought to raise awareness for 
California’s disproportionate spending on the “pri-
son-industrial complex” at the state education sys-
tem’s expense.

The SAAC is a committee of eight UCSD orga-
nizations that advises several administrative offices, 
dedicating itself to “fighting ignorance, addressing 

the issues confronting underrepresented students 
and promoting cross-cultural awareness and com-
munication” since 1975, according to the move-
ment’s Facebook page. It claims that California 
spends over $48,000 per inmate every year, as 
opposed to $7,463 per University of California or 
California State University student. 

SAAC also believes that public education is 
increasingly difficult for students, especially racial 
minorities, to obtain, thus perpetuating inequal-

See PROTEST, page 2 See SENATORS, page 3

AFSCME Cancels Strike 
Scheduled For This Week

UC  SYSTEM

The union’s service workers reached a tentative 
agreement with the UC system after voting to strike.

The referendum would 
add a $49.96 quarterly 
transportation student fee.

BY  Aleksan dra Konstanti novic
    Associate News Editor

A.S. Council Votes to Pass 
Transportation Referendum

TRANSPORTATION

Justi n e  Liang Staff writer

See AFSCME, page 3

Where will you go next?

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 38 THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

TRAVEL GUIDE
PAGE 6

readers can contact
Aleksan dra Konstanti novic     alkonsta@ucsd.edu 



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

#UCSDNEWS
#NOFILTERS @ucsdguardian

#FOLLOW US

ity in the state. In a 2013–14 budget 
report, Gov. Jerry Brown proposed 
a total budget of over $9 billion for 
inmates in the California Department 
of Corrections and Rehabilitation, 
while about $12.4 billion would be 
allocated for higher education.

The appropriately named March 
4 Education is an annual event that 
has been held across multiple UC 
and CSU campuses since 2010. At 
UCSD, the event was organized by 
a coalition of groups, including the 
A.S. External Affairs Office, as part of 
the University of California Student 
Association’s larger IGNITE cam-
paign. 

Reyes, who has been involved 
with social activism for four years, 
explained that the prison-industrial 
complex facilitates domestic incar-
ceration of underrepresented com-
munities and that the issue affects 
everyone who feels it is important to 
promote affordable education.

“It is a day of action to try to 
bring to light the lack of investment 
in education,” Reyes said. “We see 
that prisons have taken a lot of the 
funds that education has usually had, 
so we’re here to come together in 
solidarity with those who have been 
excluded from higher education and 
those who are continually marginal-
ized and oppressed by the prison-
industrial complex.” 

Eden Berdugo, an External Affairs 
campus organizing director, agreed 
that it’s a large problem for those 
who are in some way, shape or form 
tied to the prison-industrial complex, 
especially people of color.

 “Many people don’t have the 
same opportunities, and there are 
a lot of broken systems,” Berdugo 
said. “I think we could start to see 
changes if we funneled more money 
into lower education. We all have a 
responsibility towards it because we 
are invested in it. We also forget a lot 
of times that students are accepted, 
but it’s really an uphill battle for them 

to graduate.” 
Starting from the Silent Tree in 

front of Geisel Library, the protesters 
moved down Library Walk, through 
the Chancellor’s Complex and ended 
at the Triton Statue at Price Center. 
Throughout the march, students were 
given the chance to lead chants and 
present their personal testimonials to 
the group. 

“Being students can be hard, but 
we stand together across many differ-
ent communities and struggles,” Reyes 
said. “We are not simply numbers to 
be funneled through. Why can’t I find 
a job after the university promised me 
so much? March 4 isn’t just a single day 
event. Make our university work for us, 
not the other way around.”

Other participants echoed his 
view, emphasizing the importance of 
fighting for the marginalized popula-
tion, declaring, “When we chant ‘Our 
University,’ we have to mean it.” They 
expressed discontent and disbelief at 
the various negative effects of a large 
prison-industrial complex on the stu-

dent body.
A.S. President Andy Buselt 

attended the event as well. He felt that 
the problems with university priva-
tization and school funding “didn’t 
add up” but had high hopes for 
bringing about a more socially just 
university. A.S. Council planned to 
consider the Students Against Mass 
Incarceration’s divestment bill, which 
criticizes UCSD’s financial holdings 
with companies allegedly connected 
to state and private prisons, the fol-
lowing day.

“It’s more of a symbolic measure, 
but once one UC divests, then oth-
ers follow, and it sets a precedent,” 
Berdugo said. “It puts more pressure 
on the regents.” 

Reyes added that he hoped to 
work with the administration to 
divest from the complex as UCLA 
and UC Irvine have done but at a 
systemwide scale.

Students Believe Rampant Incarceration Rates Set Back Communities, Education 
▶ PROTEST, from page 1

readers can contact
An drew H uang   aehuang@ucsd.edu 

RAINY FRIDAYS By Eunice Ho

FLEETING THOUGHTS By Irene Chiang

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. The Bear-Attack Bracket.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Laira Martin

Zev Hurwitz

Allie Kiekhofer

Gabriella Fleischman
Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Mekala Neelakantan

Lauren Koa

Kelvin Noronha

Rachel Uda

John Story
Brandon Yu

Stacey Chien

Sydney Reck

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Zoë McCracken

Dorothy Lee

Jenny Park

Jeffrey Lau

Rachel Huang
Claire Yee

Philip Jia

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Editor in Chief

Managing Editor

Deputy Managing Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Associate Copy Editors

Web Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Page Layout
Joselynn Ordaz, Flavia Salvadori, Sara Shroyer, Dorothy Van 

Copy Readers
Clara Chao, Rosina Garcia, Susan Shamoon, Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Emily Bender, Rita Eritsland, Shelby Newallis, Morgan Jong, 
Soumya Kurnool, Daniel Sung, Andrew Huang, Jonah Yonker



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

however, targets all students and thus 
she plans on requesting money from 
the A.S. budget. 

VP Finances and Resources Sean 
O’Neal also notes that many sena-
tors are involved in projects that 
do not require funding, such as 
sitting on committees and taking 
up offices. According to O’Neal, 
the senators had a $10,000 dollar 
budget in previous years and it was 
often used entirely.

“Personally I don’t think a lot of 
senators have done enough in their 
positions,” O’Neal said. “I think this 

is actually representative of senators 
not using the A.S. resources as much 
as they could be, because the account-
ability is really hard to keep there.”

However, O’Neal said he hopes 
that senators will use the end of 
their terms to complete projects 
they may have started. 

Any leftover money will go into a 
pool of rollover funds. Fifty percent 
of this money will go into mandate 
reserves, and the other 50 percent 
will go to the executive budget for 
next year.

staffing protections and limits on 
contracting out.

 Lybarger is optimistic about 
the agreement, as she believes that 
it will pull thousands of full-time 
employees out of poverty and pro-
tect workers.

“Our members are deeply grate-
ful to the thousands of students, 
faculty, colleagues, elected officials 
and everyday taxpayers who have 
stood with us and stood for the 
principles of fairness and dignity 
that bind every member of the UC 

community,” Lybarger said.
According to an L.A. Times 

statement from UC Vice President 
of Human Resources Dwaine B. 
Duckett, he was satisfied that the 
labor standoff was over.

“It is good to have this bargain-
ing wrapped up with a deal on its 
way to our valued service employ-
ees,” Duckett said. “We worked 
hard to bridge gaps on the issues. 
Ultimately, both sides chose com-
promise over conflict.”

sara’s 
future.

impact

Transform the lives of children 
with a Master of Arts in Education 
from Pepperdine.

To start your transformation, get in touch today. 310.568.2366 or 866.503.5467
gsep-recruitment@pepperdine.edu • gsep.pepperdine.edu

Transportation and Bylaws Referendums 
Headed for Ballot, A.S. Activity Fee Reduced

To begin with, last night’s 
council meeting had a substi-
tute speaker. However, the bigger 
change was how full the room was. 
Representatives of many groups 
such as the Student Affirmative 
Action Committee and the Student 
Sustainability Collective came in 
support of the Resolution to Divest 
from the Prison Industrial Complex.

Students Against Mass 
Incarceration then presented on 
the issue, educating students on the 
intricacy of the issue, including the 
War on Drugs, cruel and unusual 
punishment and prison expansion.

Revelle Senator Marco Vasquez 
expressed an opposing viewpoint 
from the majority of council that 
supported the bill. He felt the lan-
guage was too broadly reaching, 
“pointed fingers” and claimed that 
the War on Drugs was started for the 
sole purpose of racial segregation.

Transfer Senator Ricky 
Martorana felt that the language of 
the resolution was too strong and 
would not receive the respect of leg-
islators. However, the rest of council 
spoke strongly in favor of the bill. 
Several members of council told 
personal stories of witnessing the 
racism and injustice of the prison 
industrial complex.

“I don’t want to sit here and hold 
up this bill; that’s not my goal here 
tonight,” Vasquez said and then 
offered himself for questions if any-
one were to later have any.

The resolution passed 21-1-1.
The next resolution to be 

brought to and passed by council 
was in support of removing the 
term “colony” from Greek life at 
UCSD.

“I think there was an overall 
kind of confusion of why this 
word was hurtful,” Panhellenic 
Representative Sydney Johnson said. 
“It was very important to Greek life 

that it was known that it was not 
our intent to hurt anyone; it’s a word 
that’s been used 150 years, and it’s 
still being used today. I think it’s 
exciting for us to be a part of some-
thing that is progressive.”

Sixth Senator Allison Bagnol 
then spoke on her personal strug-
gles with the word “colony.”

“I identify as a Filipino-
American, and I can’t speak for 
every Filipino on this campus, but 
it has been a 140-year-plus era of 
colonization in the Philippines,” 
Bagnol said. “I personally struggle 
searching for my true ethnic iden-
tity because I feel like this coloniza-
tion dilutes my ethnic identity.”

Finally, the transportation fee 
referendum was passed by council 
unanimously.

“For all the people who say that 

A.S. is bullshit and is only looking 
out for themselves, I have to say that 
what A.S. council has done here and 
over the past year is really represen-
tative of student power on this cam-
pus,” Revelle Senator Soren Nelson 
said in regards to the referendum.

Another referendum passed to 
reduce the A.S. activity fee by $0.65 
per student per quarter, removing 
the constitutional lock-in to college 
councils.

After VP External Vanessa 
Garcia spoke about recent gang-
rapes and sexual assault at UC Santa 
Barbara, I finally discovered why 
our campus lighting is so sketchy.

Social Sciences Senator Colin 
King explained that UCSD agreed 
to use orange lighting on campus, 
rather than white, in accordance 
with a contract with the nearby 
observatory to avoid light pollution. 
Now that the contract is expired, 
administration does not have money 
to replace the light bulbs with white 
light and are waiting for the lights to 
die before replacing them.

It was later announced that this 
lovely, long A.S. meeting was AVP 
Student Advocacy Alex Noronha’s 
21st birthday. During the Happy 
Birthday-singing, someone audibly 
threw in, “Why are you still here?” 
into the tune.

Props to Noronha for sticking it 
out all meeting long. With that, have 
a good final week of class, and I’ll 
be back one final time next week!

gabriella  fleischman 
gfleisch@ucsd.edu

new  business

Union 3299 Hopes Tentative Agreement 
Will Help Its Members Out of  Poverty
▶ AFSCME, from page 1

readers can contact
Justi n e  Liang     jjl096@ucsd.edu 

VP Finance Says Some Senator Projects 
Do Not Require Funding From Council
▶ SENATORS, from page 1

readers can contact
gabri ella  fleisch man     gfleisch@ucsd.edu 

follow us{ } /ucsdguardian @ucsdguardian{ }



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORLAUREN  KOAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Prop. 209 Is Just Fine

Last quarter, the Guardian Editorial Board correctly predicted that eliminating 
student guest tickets alongside 
increasing safety measures would 
lead to a funding gap for the Sun 
God Festival’s budget. 

For this reason, among others, 
we were originally against the idea 
of prohibiting guest ticket sales. We 
now see that if the no-guest policy 
was the deal breaker for Sun God 
to happen in 2014, it’s a no brainer: 
We’d rather tell our buddies at 
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles 
that they should stay home for the 
weekend than us not have a Sun 
God Festival at all.

However, we’re still firm on the 
idea that the policy alone won’t be 
effective in changing the drinking 
culture that surrounds Sun God. 
Though the festival will likely see 
some major policy changes this year, 
students should do their part and sup-
port efforts to change Sun God if they 
want to see the festival remain a last-
ing UCSD tradition. 

In addition to the end of rev-
enue from guest tickets, the 2014 
festival will have a higher price tag 
to implement increased security 
and police presence on campus on 
the day of the event. While Interim 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Alan Houston has pledged a one-
time allocation of $165,000 to make 
up for some of this loss of revenue, 
it’s imperative that A.S. Concerts 
and Events finds a more sustainable 
source of funding for the years to 
come. This source of new funding 
could come by way of increasing 
sponsorship for the event, creating 
a referendum to modestly increase 
student fees to directly fund the fes-
tival or charging an entrance fee for 
students who choose to attend Sun 
God. Whatever the method, ASCE 
will need to explore new ways to 
make ends meet, and students will 
need to be receptive and responsive 
to these changes.

The Sun God Festival has been a 
tradition for 31 years, but the last few 
years have gotten increasingly out 

of hand. UCSD students know that 
guests weren’t the only ones who were 
out of hand last year and that we can 
still get hammered before the festival 
this year without them. The culture 
of Sun God is precisely the root of 
much of our health and safety prob-
lems and without student support, 
it’ll be unlikely that these problems 
will just go away. Students can help 
each other out by encouraging one 
another to practice safer drink-
ing and less drug abuse. Increased 
medical visits and exhausted hospital 
resources due to UCSD students are 
not something we want to see in any 
headlines this spring. 

This year’s festival will likely 
serve as a litmus test to see if our 
school can have a safe Sun God and 
will determine whether future festi-
vals are even in the question. ASCE 
has made it clear that Sun God 2014 
was almost cancelled altogether; 
if we want to continue having Sun 
God festivals in the years to come, 
it’s not only up to ASCE to make 
things happen.

ILLUSTRATION BY JENNY PARK

See PROP 209, page 5

Sun God Policy Changes Need Student Support

California will not solve its higher education 
diversity problems by bringing affirmative 
action back into the admissions process.

Racial diversity and minority underrepresentation in California’s schools has been a hot-button issue for half a century, but a proposed amendment to California Proposition 
209 that would lift the ban on “affirmative action” in UC and CSU 
admissions has stirred up quite the controversy.

Proposition 209 was originally signed into law in 1996, and 
effectively banned state institutions from discriminating based on 
“race, ethnicity, color, sex or national origin” when considering 
candidates for employment or education admissions. Officially, this 
would mean that college admissions officers could not prioritize 
these criteria when considering candidates for admission. Senate 
Constitutional Amendment 5, which has already been passed by the 
State Senate, seeks to exempt state universities, like the UC system, 
from those rules in an attempt to increase the proportions of stu-
dents from underrepresented minority backgrounds. In a system that 
had 4.2-percent black admissions and 27.6-percent Latino admis-
sions in spring 2013, this would likely mean higher enrollment for 
students of these backgrounds.

But as much as we support diversity and advocate equality in 
admissions, we don’t think that bending admissions standards to 
prioritize underrepresented groups will deal with the underlying 
problems in higher education. While the intentions behind SCA-5 are 
good, the Universities of California should not reject qualified candi-
dates in favor of meeting race-based quotas.

Under the UC system’s current admissions protocol, dubbed 
“holistic review,” an applicant’s race is not the primary determinant of 
their chances, as it is in the affirmative action system. Each applicant 

receives a score, wherein admissions officers consider circumstances 
associated with a student’s race or background along with the usual 
academics and extra-curricular activities. While this might be helpful 
in deciding between two nearly identical candidates, the solely race-
based admissions methods that SCA-5 will give way to are steps in 
the wrong direction. 

Arbitrarily boosting minority candidates’ applications tends 
to hurt the very students that the policy is intended to help. 
Graduation rates for underrepresented groups in state universi-
ties show that putting students with low high school performance 
into a rigorous academic environment will not help them succeed. 
Statistics from California’s Postsecondary Education Commission 
show that black and Latino men and women are, on average, 10 
percent less likely than their counterparts to complete their degree 
over a 4-to-6 year period. While there are certainly thousands of 
high-achieving students from minority backgrounds, it seems as 
though students who have been accepted on the basis of their eth-
nicity may end up struggling. We feel that these students would 
be better served and more likely to earn their way into prestigious 
universities if California took the initiative beginning with early 
education to help them succeed.

Statistics seem to show, in fact, that the education inequal-
ity gap emerges earlier in education. According to the California 
Department of Education, Hispanic/Latino children make up just 
over 52 percent of California’s K-12 public school student demo-
graphic but constitute only 30 percent of applicants to the UC sys-
tem. In contrast, Asian-American students make up around 11 per-

Laira Martin
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Zev Hurwitz
MANAGING EDITOR

Allie Kiekhofer
DEPUTY MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
OPINION EDITOR

Kelvin Noronha
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

Mekala Neelakantan
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Aleksandra Konstantinovic
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Gabriella Fleischman
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 

2014. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

It’s Alright 
to Skip 
Revelle  
In Rome

I went through the WebReg enrollment process last week with a sinking sense of finality. 
By signing up to spend my final 
quarter of UCSD in the likes of 
Pepper Canyon and Otterson Hall, 
I knew I would be missing out on 
my last chance to study abroad as 
an undergraduate.

Although I dreamed of getting 
the “life-altering” experience that 
the flyers on Library Walk boasted 
of, there has never been a quarter 
in which I didn’t have a paying 
job (or two) that I couldn’t just up 
and leave behind to cavort around 
Italy for a few months. Each year, 
I watched with envy as friends left 
for global seminars in Rome and 
Buenos Aires or spent months 
basking in the Barbados sun. One 
of my classmates has even spent 
five quarters — nearly half of her 
entire college career — hopping 
between universities across three 
different continents. To assuage any 
feelings of regret for not giving my 
two-weeks notice and packing my 
bags, I’ve mulled over reasons why 
staying behind and lusting over 
albums of glorious travel photos is 
not as dire as it seems.

First, the obvious: You don’t 
have to deal with less-than-ideal 
technicalities. Round-trip tickets 
to Europe, the most popular study 
abroad destination, easily rack up in 
the thousands. Leaving for a quarter 
also usually means that you must 
either find someone on Free & For 
Sale to sublet from you or give up 
your space and resign to dealing 
with a complicated housing situa-
tion upon your return. It’s a differ-
ent case at SDSU, where students in 
38 of its 85 undergraduate degree 
programs are actually required to 
spend some time in other countries. 
This widespread prevalence enables 
SDSU students to more easily find 
familiar faces to live with who 
would be leaving and returning 
around the same time.

Another upside is that you won’t 
be taking any time away from your 
college experience. The Great Wall 
of China and the Taj Mahal will still 
be there when you graduate, but you 
only do your undergraduate years 
once. Although the seasoned traveler 
in my class made pen pals all over 
the world and across the UC system, 
she failed to maintain longstand-
ing close friendships with those she 
met at UCSD due to her constant 
absence. Staying put means that 
you’ll never have to return to a place 
that has changed drastically since 
you’ve been gone and to friends who 
have formed memories and strength-
ened bonds without you.

Travel isn’t something you must 
confine to a quarter — there will 
be plenty of time to live, work and 
study in another country later on 
in life. I’m still (incredibly) jealous 
of the 22 percent of UCSD students 
who made it work, but I also real-
ize that staying in sunny San Diego 
for the past four years doesn’t mean 
that I have irreparably missed out. 
There are other options for going 
abroad after leaving UCSD, such as 
the Peace Corps, JET program and 
graduate and professional school 
schemes. As for myself, hopefully 
at this time next year I will be BFFs 
with Big Ben.

hilary  lee hhl009@ucsd.eduRhyme  or  reason



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

sara’s 
future.

impact

Transform the lives of children 
with a Master of Arts in Education 
from Pepperdine.

To start your transformation, get in touch today. 310.568.2366 or 866.503.5467
gsep-recruitment@pepperdine.edu • gsep.pepperdine.edu

The American Opportunity Credit 
Helps Pay for the First Four

Years of College

Almost all students qualify. 

Contact kurtisraelsen@gmail.com
to find out if you qualify or to have your
tax return filed by a certified preparer. 

up to $2,500/year!

Improve Your Grade!!

Hourly Rate of $45.00

Writing and Editing Help for
Written Assignments
Tutoring in Reading Comprehension
and General and Abnormal Psychology

Text Marci at
619.306.0668
to schedule a session
Former professor at SDSU and local San Diego universities

ucsdguardian

.
org

YOUR
NEWS
NOW!

FUNGLY By Kyle Trujillo

Improving Early Education Will Close Gap in Representation

cent of the K-12 population but 44 
percent of applicants to the UC. The 
problem doesn’t lie in admissions to 
the UC, which proportionally have 
a fairly close correlation to applica-
tions. The problem is the lagging 
number of minority high school stu-
dents applying to colleges.

Accordingly, investment in 
primary and secondary schooling 
for underrepresented minorities 
may hold the solution. The UCSD-
run charter Preuss School, which 
exclusively admits would-be first-
generation college students, turns 
out high school graduates that 
are accepted to four-year colleges, 
including prestigious universities 

such as Harvard, Yale and MIT. 
School programs should focus on 
motivating the many talented but 
underrepresented children who 
come through their doors. With 
a supportive environment and an 
interactive curriculum that could 
include anything from the arts to 
robotics, schools can take steps to 
ensure that these students can apply 
to college with the same academic 
background as their white and 
Asian-American peers.

Thousands of highly qualified stu-
dents from other ethnic backgrounds 
are already turned away from the UC 
system every year, and the number 
is only expected to increase if the bill 
passes. Accepting more minorities is 
all very well, but every seat given is 

one taken away from another poten-
tial student. The highest-achieving 
college entrants systemwide have 
historically been of white and Asian-
American ethnicity, and we feel that 
is unfair for academically stellar stu-
dents to be passed up because of their 
race alone.

While we appreciate the efforts 
of those in the state legislature to 
try and level the playing field for 
students of all races, we suggest that 
they look to alternative methods. 
Engaging and improving primary 
and secondary education can help 
bright, underrepresented minority 
students get the academic experience 
they need for success without sug-
gesting they need special accommo-
dations to get there.

▶ DROUGHT, from page 4

www.ucsdguardian.org

CAN'T  GET  ENOUGH?   
VISIT  OUR  WEBSITE



TRAVEL 
GUIDE 
2014

lifestyle editor  VINCENT PHAM  
design by FLAVIA SALVADORI 

As Spring Break approaches and we trek further on to the end of our academic 
year, the sun rises in places other than La Jolla. Here’s a small taste of where 

else you could be, leaving LONG nights at Geisel a distant memorY.

In Vietnam, the first thing you’ll notice is traffic. It’s hard to accustom yourself, but you’ll have to make do. With motorbikes and vespas whizzing by, along with a growing 
number of taxis and sedans, getting around is an adventure every time you step outside. Vietnam truly shines with its unique culture, developing consumer economy and, of 
course, undeniably exquisite food. The country varies from patches of urban metropolises with multinational designer clothes and retail stores to the suburbs, where roads 
alternate between dirt and paved and rice paddies upon rice paddies are just as common as a neighborhood market. As exciting as visiting the larger cities (Hanoi, Đà 
Nẵng and Ho Chi Minh City) may be, it’s best to go to the towns with the unfamiliar names, to walk along the sidewalk, grab one of those plastic chairs sized for  a 
child and sit down for a cup of Vietnamese coffee and appreciate Vietnam and where it is going.

First thing to remember: don’t pack light clothes for a trip in August. Our summer is Australia’s winter, so be sure to 
dress warmly if you’re thinking of taking a summer holiday to “the land of the long weekend.” 

Australia is huge, so expect to do a lot of travelling if you want to see everything. Visit the tropical city of Cairns, 
where in the winter months the weather is perfect for snorkeling in one of nature’s seven wonders of the world, 
the Great Barrier Reef. If you want to see some native wildlife (the cute kind, not the scary kind), go for a guided 
bushwalk on the rural Kangaroo Island. Australia’s famous Sydney is the anti-New York, with its generally 
clean streets and openly friendly people, and it’s no less cosmopolitan. It’s also where you can visit the Opera 
House and climb the Sydney Bridge — but if you just want to relax somewhere, head out to Baxter Inn Pub 
for a coldie (Aussie slang for beer) and have a chat with that Aussie sitting near you. It’s the best way to 
learn what life is really like Down Under.

Berlin is a city steeped in 20th-century history, so history buffs, be alert! Fragments of the 
Berlin Wall are still in place, and in some places, the sidewalk is marked where it once stood. 
Checkpoint Charlie and its museum, though something of a tourist trap, is another reminder 
of the Cold War years. The Brandenburg Gate is a good place to begin an investigation of 
German history from several centuries ago. Beyond the historical landmarks, there is also the 
multi-story shopping mecca of KaDeWe, a German equivalent to Harrods, that offers everything 
from designer clothes to high-end toys to unique cooking ware. For the nature-minded, the 
Tiergarten — a huge forested area covering many acres of the city — offers a beautiful place for a 
stroll, as well as wildlife viewing opportunities. Due to the efficient and affordable metro system, 
it is extraordinarily easy to get around and experience all of the intriguing history this famous 
city has to offer.

VIETNAM
by Vincent pham  lifestyle editor

AUSTRALIA
by sydney reck Associate features editor

BERLIN
BY HILLARY DAKIN SENIOR STAFF WRITER

GREECE
by nichole perri senior staff writer

Ruou ran (snake wine), a Vietnamese specialty of rice wine with a 
pickled snake inside, can allegedly cure any sickness.

Santorini’s geographical layout, an archipelago, was due to the Minoan 
volcanic eruption in 1628 B.C.

FUN FACT

FUN FACT

FUN FACT

FUN FACT

Kangaroo meat can be purchased from the supermarket, butcher and available 
on restaurant menus as a leaner and healthier alternative to beef or lamb with a 
1-2 percent fat content.

With 175 museums, Berlin is said to have more museums than rainy 
days.

FUN FACT

Most people have an image in their minds of what Santorini looks like (no, not the one in Price Center): white houses 
reflecting the hot sun, blue rooftops, houses cascading down a mountainside surrounded by warm, turquoise water. This 
image comes to life in the coastal village of Oia. Oia is known for being the site of one of the most beautiful sunsets in the world. 
It’s so beautiful that people even clap at the end. Oia is also where you can ride a donkey while drinking some of the sweetest 
homemade wine you will ever taste.

Although Oia is the gem of Santorini, Fira, a town on the opposite side of the island, boasts its relaxing white, red and black sand 
beaches. The colors of the sand are results of mineral deposits. The only catch is, like many European beaches, you have to pay, but it 
is worth it.

Whether you go for the wine, the sun or the beaches, Santorini is the perfect vacationing spot for those looking to truly relax and enjoy 
the simple pleasures in life. 

WEEKEND  6

Paris is best experienced by foot (Stay away from the dark and damp catacombs — no, not the actual Catacombs — more commonly referred to 
as the metro). Walk past the flower markets and booksellers by the Seine, through Saint-Germain-des-Pres. Stop at the posh Cafe de Flore for coffee 
(served on a silver tray by a bowtie-wearing waiter) and people-watching. Continue down rue des Canettes and past the Saint Sulpice church. There’s a 
passageway, la rue Ferou, with a Rimbaud poem written in giant letters on the wall.

At the other end is the le Jardin du Luxembourg where chestnut trees grow and children play with wooden boats on the ponds. The subtle echo of jazz guitars 
will follow you along the cobblestone streets past the art museums (For Impressionism, go to Musee d’Orsay; for the famous Monet waterlilies, go to l’Orangerie) and 
bakeries where the smell of buttery croissants permeates the air.

End the evening with copious amounts of Beaujolais and friends, and dance the night away at one of the indie clubs on Rue Oberkampf — don’t miss the live band playing 
in the basement.

PARIS
BY EMILY BENDER a&e editorial assistant

There is a verifiable population of kangaroos living in the wild in the township of Émancé, about an hour outside of Paris. The kan-
garoos are descended from a breeding population that escaped during a failed burglary attempt at an animal park in the 1970s.



TRAVEL 
GUIDE 
2014

lifestyle editor  VINCENT PHAM  
design by FLAVIA SALVADORI 

As Spring Break approaches and we trek further on to the end of our academic 
year, the sun rises in places other than La Jolla. Here’s a small taste of where 

else you could be, leaving LONG nights at Geisel a distant memorY.

The elusive Swedish capital, known as “Venice of the North,” is a collection of islands where old and 
modern meet. Perched upon the hills of the southern part of town, Sodermalm, are picturesque 17th-century 

houses (still inhabited!) overlooking the rest of the city, whereas down by the river alongside Tantolunden are 
food trucks serving street food ranging from tacos to crepes, to hipsters traversing the open-air markets and the 

vintage boutiques.
Summertime is the best time to visit. Because of its northern location, the Swedish summers are infinite — in 

June, the sun barely sets at all. Watch the sky shift pastels from a hill on Skinnarviksberget — bring friends and food. 
For what the Swedes refers to as “fika” — a midday coffee break paired with sweets — Saturnus serves the best 

cinnamon rolls in town, whereas the best lattes (and people-watching) can be found at the hip Mellkvist coffee shop 
on Hornsgatan. To get the evening off to a great start, get drinks at Marie Laveau. (The espresso martini is highly recom-

mended.) For dinner, word of mouth says Flippin’ Burgers is the place to be. Later, gather a big group of friends and go to 
Tradgarden, an outdoor club located underneath a bridge.

PRAGUE
by avi salem staff writer

STOCKHOLM
By EMILY BENDER A&E EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

PORTLAND
By TEDDI FALLER STAFF WRITER

INDIA
By KELVIN NORONHA ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

MALAYSIA
By KELVIN NORONHA ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

The most popular sport in India is cricket, with the Indian team being the first to 
win the Cricket World Cup on home soil when they were victorious in 2011

Portland was named by the flip of a coin. If the coin had landed on the 
other side, Portland would be known as Boston, Oregon.

The city’s subway is also known as the world’s longest art gallery, with the 
majority of its stations being adorned with paintings, sculptures and mosaics.

The largest cave chamber in the world is the Sarawak Chamber in Gunung Mulu 
National Park in Sarawak, which can easily accommodate a Boeing 747-200.

FUN FACTThe Czechs drink more beer per capita than other country in the world. Each head will sink about 43 gallons a year on average.

FUN FACT

FUN FACT

FUN FACT

FUN FACT

After dealing with the wall of heat that envelops you when you step off the plane, drive to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia’s vibrant capital and one of the 
most impressive cities ever built up out of a tropical jungle. Although KL, as it’s called, has only a Philadelphia-sized 1.6 million population, it boasts 

a unique fusion of Malay, Chinese and even British culture. Check out the bold cuisine, which reflects KL’s diverse roots, and pay a visit to the Petronas 
Twin Towers, the world’s 8th-tallest buildings and a proud symbol of Malaysia’s modernity. Or you could visit the colonial past in the coastal town of 

Malacca, where you can explore historical holdovers from its Portuguese, Dutch and British ownership. The monkeys and giant lizards frolicking outside 
will keep you in good company. Although Malaysia is in an obscure part of the globe, its special brand of Malay tradition mixed with Western flavor makes it 

a memorable destination.

Wherever you are in Portland, there’s always a hole in the wall with something to offer. It’s home 
to Powells, the self-described “City of Books” and largest independent bookstore in the world. It 
has nine separate rooms and you can even print your own out-of-print titles in their rare books 
room. Cross the Burnside Bridge to the Industrial District and grab a bite at a food cart — the Big-
Ass Sandwiches stand will stuff your sandwich with french fries. On Saturday, visit the Portland 
Saturday Market, an artisan souvenir haven — you’ll find handcrafted vegan soaps by Dirtyface, 
tattoos by Blue Lotus Henna and wooden toys by Kobayashi. And once you’ve finished walking the 
waterfront, cut back across the bridge to Third for a famous Voodoo Doughnut — which come in 
every flavor and shape from Fruit Loop to Bacon Maple Bar. Before you jet off, just remember to 
grab your galoshes and get ready for the rain.

A natural marvel in their own right, a staggering 1.24 billion people call India home. They fill the streets of India’s sprawling 
metropolises like Bombay, Calcutta, and New Delhi with their colorful dress and energetic music, and inhabit the distant corners 

of a country known as one of the ‘cradles of civilization.’ With over 120 different languages and over four indigenous religions, 
India is a veritable cultural hotbed with a diverse population. But if the Taj Mahal and the various medieval castles dotting 

the land don’t catch your fancy, city life holds plenty in store. Sample the best renditions of the chicken tikka and samosas 
so loved across the West for an amazing price at a street vendor, or chat with the literal millions of friendly metropolitan 

citizens. And if an escape to nature is more your style, venture into the Himalayan Mountains, stalk Bengal tigers 
in the Bandhavgarh jungle, or kick back on the idyllic beaches in coastal Goa. In India, there is always something 

you haven’t done before.

  7

Much of Prague’s appeal comes from its medieval charm — its windy, cobbled roads, array of Gothic structures and dark and mysterious vibe make it feel like the city that a modern-
day Dracula would live in. Sights to see include Prague’s Old Town district and its astronomical clock tower, which has been in continuous operation since 1410; the world’s biggest 

castle, the Prague Castle; and the Charles Bridge, the main connection between Old Town and Lesser Town. After the sun goes down, be sure to visit one of the many famous 
underground bars in Prague. Reminiscent of old wine cellars, most of these bars contain many separate rooms within one establishment, each with its own bar. Beer is plentiful 

and cheap in these bars: Try Pilsner Urquell, a Czech beer its people are very proud of. These dimly-lit bars are just one of the many aspects that help give Prague the spooky 
feel it represents so well.  



8     T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  WEEKEND

The island city of Venice is famous for its canals, churches and its masked celebration of Carnivale. While Carnivale is only celebrated for a short time, the 
canals and other monuments retain their charm year-round. An advantage of Venice is that it is possible to traverse the entire city on foot — in fact, there are no 
roads at all on most of the island — or by the iconic gondolas should you prefer. As for monuments, Saint Mark’s Basilica and the famous campanile beside it in 
Piazza San Marco are some of the most memorable sights in the city. The Grand Canal, spanned by the famous Rialto Bridge, forms one of the most easy-to-find 
waypoints in the city and provides access to transportation in a vaporetto, or water bus. A vaporetto ride also provides access to the nearby island of Murano, 
with its famous glass-makers and their wares. And, of course, this is the best part about Venice: Excellent Italian seafood is easy to find.

It’s no exaggeration that New Zealand has more sheep than people; in fact, they outnumber New Zealanders 10-to-one. But the land most widely recognized 
as the Middle Earth has some of the world’s most amiable people to go along with the woolly watchers that occupy the country’s vast pastures. Their hospitality 
is unmatched, but if you’d like to go solo, options abound. Travel to the hot springs and the native Maori village at Rotorua, and explore the natural beauty while 
experiencing firsthand the rich Maori heritage that over 1 in 3 New Zealanders share. Watch the entrancing haka, the natives’ famous war dance now used before 
the New Zealand rugby team’s matches. Experience the quirky mix of English and indigenous customs with their faint American overtones. And if you’re bent 
on the sheep stereotype, there’s many a farm where you can feed them and even shave their coats. New Zealand may be seen as Australia’s little brother, but it’s 
got a character all it’s own.

Known as the queen of the Croatian Dalmatian Islands, Hvar is home to year-round sunshine and abundant olive oil and wine production, making it like a 
California with historic European charm. What used to be a small fishing village has become a European tourist destination. Hvar has a rich history that you can 
feel in the stone architecture and remaining castle ruins on the quieter north side of the island in the old town sections of Stari Grad and Vrboska. Hvar’s  notable 
culinary scene specializes in pairing local Croatian wines with the daily catch straight from the bordering Adriatic Sea. During the daytime, take a tour of the 
lavender-covered rolling hillsides, enjoy a swim in the warm, turquoise Adriatic and then take an afternoon siesta. Save your energy for a night out at island club 
Carpe Diem, an outdoor cocktail bar overlooking the beach and pool, known to locals and tourists alike for its high-profile guest DJs. 

VENICE
by hillary dakin  senior staff writer

NEW ZEALAND
by Kelvin Noronha  Associate opinion Editor

CROATIA
by Shelby Newallis  lifestyle editorial assisant

BUDAPEST
by Avi Salem  staff writer

T o refer to St. Vincent, alias Annie Clark, as a guitar god-dess is cliche, but it’s the first 
thing that comes to mind when lis-
tening to the Berklee alumna’s latest 
release. The self-titled album, pro-
duced by John Congleton (Chairlift, 
Angel Olsen) delivers the heavily 
guitar-driven sound and the angu-
lar melodies characteristic of her 
previous albums. With this release, 
however, Clark seems to have risen 
from the ashes of some Bowie-esque 
metamorphosis (she even dyed her 
hair white to honor her new “near-
future cult leader” persona) with 
more confidence in her own sound 
than ever before.

“St. Vincent” might feel over-
whelming upon first listen — 

exactly how many different sounds 
can be extracted from one guitar? 
(Clark is fundamentally a guitar-
ist, rather than a pop singer, and a 
skilled one at that.) Experimenting 
with texture, she alternates between 
spacey, cascading arpeggios and 
explosive, distorted riffs. Her 
arrangements have become more 
refined and complex than her pre-
vious releases, with added layers of 
haunting synthesizers and funky 
horns — elements missing from 
2009’s “Actor” or 2011’s “Strange 
Mercy.” She is self-aware without 
coming across as cocky, and the 
album is her most extroverted 
release to date.

The lead single, “Birth in 
Reverse,” is rhythmic and full of 

energy reminiscent of early Talking 
Heads — Clark even collaborated 
with frontman David Byrne on 
2012’s “Love This Giant.” Stuttering 
cymbals propel the song forward, 
and the distorted, hooky riffs of 
Clark’s guitar move in tandem with 
her unwavering, melodic vocals. The 
second single, “Digital Witness,” is 
characterized by a strutting horn 
section which expertly balances 
Motown grooves with marching 
band-like tightness. It grabs a hold 
of the listener and maintains its firm 
grip for the entirety of the song. 
Musically, it’s the most colorful song 
on the album, contradicting the 
satirical lyrics in which Clark reveals 
a disillusionment with the Social 
Media Age: “If I can’t show it / If you 

can’t see me / What’s the point of 
doing anything?”

“St. Vincent” is a jam-packed 
album, and it takes time to get into 
it. What may at first seem like ele-
ments of chaos — the distorted 
guitar riffs, the synth-heavy verses 
and the abstract lyrics — are beauti-
fully controlled by Clark. She man-
ages to experiment with her sound 
just enough as to not alienate the 
listener. With nimble fingers, she 
pirouettes up and down the frets on 
her 1967 Harmony Bobkat, exuding 
self-assurance and passion. She chal-
lenges the listener — hopefully we 
can all keep up with good ol’ Annie. 

—     Emily  Bender
         editorial assistant

"St.  Vincent"
by  St.  vincent

ALBUM  REVIEW

Release Date Feb. 24

Groove-warped fifth album by art-pop guitarist 
delivers a confident set of tracks.

J azz is a style steeped in American history, and names like Miles Davis or Louis 
Armstrong are known to anyone 
engaged with music in the slightest. 
The genre is a tough animal to tackle; 
it can wander or skitter erratically, 
with song lengths approaching double 
digits and minimal vocals in sight. 
However, like any form of music (as 
this column is hopefully beginning 
to show), modern forms of jazz are 
branching out into the most engag-
ing of uncharted territory, with the 
kind of eclectic results one could only 
expect from such a flexible form of 
expression.

T.R.A.M.: Composed of two sev-
en-string guitarists, a Latin saxophon-
ist and a punk drummer, T.R.A.M. is 
the kind of jazz supergroup no one 
could ever have seen coming. Rather 
than morphing any of their styles into 
straight jazz, each member brings 
the flavor of their respective projects 
to the table, resulting in chugging, 
polyrhythmic basslines that gyrate 
over chromatic wind lines and flutter-
ing drum kit in a way that could only 
be described as gnarly. Tracks to try: 
“Endeavor” (badass), “Seven Ways Till 
Sunday,” “Consider Yourself Judged”

Colin Stetson: Michigan-born, 
multireedist Colin Stetson has per-
formed with a staggering number of 
artists (Arcade Fire, Feist and Tom 
Waits are just a few), and his approach 
to jazz feels just as eclectic. Which 
is to say, it completely detonates the 
idea of jazz. Stetson performs by 
miking not only his saxophone, but 
also the keys and even his throat. 
Wavering drones of circular breath-
ing are covered in growls and wails 
over metallic clicking. Guest vocalists 
like electro pioneer Laurie Anderson 
stir as haunting apparitions. Your 
mind is blown. Tracks to try: “Fear of 
the Unknown and the Blazing Sun,” 
“Judges,” “Lord I Just Can’t Keep from 
Crying Sometimes” 

BADBADNOTGOOD: This trio 
began as a project between three 
friends who met through a Humber 
College jazz program in Toronto, 
Canada. Their music ranges from 
angular, original compositions that 
buzz with electricity to starkly rei-
magined covers of everything from 
Kanye West to themes from The 
Legend of Zelda. The transition from 
brooding keys and sliding bass to 
bubbling synth and dancing hi-hats 
keeps you guessing between takes, 
and the respect BBNG has for patient 
sweeps of soundscape is unparalleled. 
Tracks to Try: “CMYK,” “Fall in Love,” 
“Flashing Lights”

Nujabes: The combination of hip 
hop and jazz makes geographical 
sense: It’s an all-American sandwich 
with spoken words on one side and 
dizzying instrumentation on the other. 
It should come as no surprise, then, 
that a sublime and utterly unique 
merging of these genres was achieved 
— by a Japanese producer. Based in 
Tokyo, Nujabes conjured beautifully 
nostalgic jazz soundscapes over sway-
ing backbeats, crafting a glowingly 
intimate sound that stretches out like 
a lazy day. Though his sudden pass-
ing in 2010 left his fans heartbroken, 
Nujabes lives on in a breathtaking 
body of work. Tracks to Try: “With 
Rainy Eyes,” “Luv (Sic) Part 3,” 
“Aruarian Dance,” “Kujaku”

Overall, jazz isn’t getting the kind 
of attention it used to, with radio play 
confined to rehashing the greats and 
thus limiting awareness of the amaz-
ing developments within the genre. 
In breaking the mold, modern jazz 
stretches beyond the classics and 
explores new concepts of expression.

All That (Ex-
perimental)
Jazz: Feel 
That Bass

jonah  yonker
jyonker@ucsd.edu

undersoundFUN FACT Venice is sinking at the rate of 1-2 millimeters a year.

FUN FACT Queen Elizabeth II is officially Queen of New Zealand. She is represented in New Zealand by a Governor General, who ratifies all laws put before him or her by the elected parliament of New Zealand.

FUN FACT Croatia’s currency, kuna, was named after a small agile animal with brown fur, marten in English, based on the use of marten pelts as units of value in medieval trading. 

Bisected by the river Danube, Budapest is actually the unification of the west bank city of Buda and east bank city of Pest. Budapest is the perfect bridge 
between the old and new. Though the city has an Old World feel, it’s occupied by Hungary’s hippest youth that operate and support some of the city’s best cafes, 
bars and shops. This city is a great place to find affordable antiques or unique vintage clothes. Budapest’s most attractive feature is the “ruin bars,” a collection of 
beautifully decorated indoor/outdoor pubs made from the ruins of abandoned buildings. The ruin bars are a mix between a German beer garden and a nightclub; 
on the weekends, DJs spin house music while patrons can choose to be on the dance floor or outside on the deck. During the day, it is a must that travelers visit 
the Buda Castle, which takes up the biggest portion of the western skyline. Built in 1265, it has been home to generations of Hungarian royalty and now houses 
the Budapest National Gallery and History Museum. Last, be sure to unwind at one of Budapest’s thermal baths. For a flat rate, you can access the many mineral 
pools and jacuzzis known to have restorative and healing powers from morning until night. During the summer, some of the baths host huge pool parties with 
multiple DJs and bars. Budapest is an old city that has been redesigned for the future. The antiquity of the city is alive in its famous sights and in its architecture, 
but modernity reigns in regards to the youthful crowd Budapest attracts with its nightlife and cheap thrills. 

FUN FACT Budapest has more thermal springs than any other capital city in the world. An amazing 70 million liters of thermal water rises to the surface daily.

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM SHORE FIRE MEDIA



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

HANAI
www.hanai.co.uk

Affordable furnished
condominiums and rental housing

858.581.2323
Pacif ic Beach • La Jol la • Bay Park

NURTURE              CALLING          • YOUR

“ I’m learning how to 
use healthy food to my 
advantage, and how to 
share that knowledge.”
Terasak Roeksbutr, MS (2013)

Learn more:

 

Medicine.Bastyr.edu • 855-4-BASTYR 
Seattle • San Diego

  

Create a 
Healthier World 
Pursue a career as a 
naturopathic doctor 

 at the most respected 
school of natural health.

• 

"from the spark"
by grizfolk

ALBUM  REVIEW

Release Date Feb. 25

Up-and-coming electro-folk group blazes to life in a solid first-time musical 
outing with a fresh fusion of indie rock and electronic beats.

G oogling Los Angeles/Stockholm-based band Grizfolk confirms the band’s 
folk- and country-tinged bluegrass 
roots, turning up the group’s mascot 
of sorts: a bearded and shotgun-
wielding man in a cowboy hat and 
… 3-D glasses? Grizfolk’s kooky 
twist on the expected sets up “From 
the Spark” nicely as an EP; Grizfolk 
plays a laser-infected brand of indie 
rock, one that struts to its own 
rhythm, looking at traditional hooks 
through new lenses.

Opener “Hymnals” sets the stage 
with echoing piano and skittering 
drums, settling lightly over a stomp-
ing dance beat before soaring away at 
the chorus. An electronic pulse runs 

warmly through the four tracks, and 
Grizfolk forgoes a modern pop pitfall 
by keeping this side of the equation 
tastefully subtle, letting it expand to 
the foreground without obscuring any 
instrumental roots. At times, this con-
cept melds deliciously, as in the shuf-
fling sway of “The Struggle” — guitar 
and keys interlock and overlap in an 
organic swell, while vocalist Adam 
Roth resonates, “He turns around and 
sees the world he knows fall apart 
/ The struggle you are up against 
makes you what you are.” Other times, 
though, it bloats into stereotype. 
“Vagabond” feels unique enough to 
start, with soft drips of percussion 
and wandering piano, but it opens up 
into a chorus too lazily anthemic to 

sit comfortably among its three fellow 
tracks. Thankfully, a highlight waits 
just around the corner: “Wait for You” 
tastes the most of the band’s country 
roots and is all the better for the danc-
ing flare and harmonized croon that 
brings the EP to a close.

As “From the Spark” is Grizfolk’s 
proper debut, the slight dips into 
cliche can be forgiven. What keeps 
the band on repeat is the enthusiasm 
it bring to its infusion of dance and 
folk, and its undeniable knack for 
crafting infectious songs from it. For 
a four-song EP, “From the Spark” 
makes its mark.

—     Jonah Yonker
         editorial assistant

Directed by Arnaud Desplechin
Starring Benicio Del Toro, Mathieu Amalric, Elya Baskin, Gina McKee
Release Date Feb. 28

Jimmy p.

FILM  REVIEW

The buddy film starring UCSD alumnus Benicio Del Toro has issues with plot 
pacing but plays out as an engaging bioptic of a traumatized Native American 
war veteran.

The year is 1948, and World War II has been over for nearly three years. The setting is a ranch in 
Montana, where Native American 
war veteran Jimmy Picard (Benicio 
Del Toro) lives with his older sister 
Gayle (Michelle Thrush). From the 
outset of the film, Jimmy shows 
symptoms of posttraumatic stress dis-
order: He is hardly responsive, often 
distant and appears apathetic to life.

When Jimmy suddenly collapses, 
disoriented and in a state of panic, 
his worried sister decides it’s time for 
him to get help. They take the train 
to Topeka, Kan., where Jimmy is put 
under the care of a group of trained 
physicians who subject him to a thor-
ough regiment of testing. They find 
nothing physically wrong with him, 
so they bring in psychoanalyst-slash-
anthropologist Georges Devereux 
(Mathieu Amalric), who becomes 
Jimmy’s savior and friend.

Together, the two explore the 
numerous dreams that are plaguing 
Jimmy — including his war experi-

ences, and his early years — allowing 
them to uncover Jimmy’s troubled 
past. The film’s great strength comes 
from the connection between 
Amalric and Del Toro, who play well 
off of each other as the talkative, 
bespectacled European and the stout, 
soft-spoken veteran. Ultimately, their 
two very different characters come 
out of their analyst-patient relation-
ship with a mutual bond founded on 
genuine trust. 

Despite the undeniable chemis-
try between the leads, the plot lacks 
cohesion at times. The film builds 
up to an absorbing climax when we 
finally learn why Jimmy is so trauma-
tized, but the revelation gives way to a 
long, overly drawn-out denouement. 
This uneven pacing to the plot hurts 
the film, sometimes making character 
development inconsistent. 

The film’s pacing makes 
some characters feel irrelevant — 
Devereux’s lover Madeleine (Gina 
McKee) is a charming character, but 
she seems to be unnecessary aside 

present only to entertain. Jimmy’s 
sister and the kindly Dr. Menniger 
(Larry Pine) play an integral role 
in plot exposition early on, but are 
abruptly abandoned until the end of 
the film.

At heart, “Jimmy P.” belongs to 
the two lead characters alone. Their 
dynamic is reminiscent of that 
between King George (Colin Firth) 
and his speech therapist (Geoffrey 
Rush) in “The King’s Speech” — ulti-
mately, the psychoanalysis serves as a 
vehicle for their blooming friendship.

The rest of the characters and 
plot take a back seat to the personal 
dialogue, and it’s a shame that the 
film does not find its bearings sooner 
because “Jimmy P” is best at its most 
basic. Del Toro and Amalric’s simple, 
intimate discussions about life experi-
ences bring strength to an unassum-
ing film — and this alone makes it 
worth a watch. 

—     Tynan Yananga
         contributing writer

PHOTO COURTESY OF UNIFRANCE



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Complete the grid so
each row, column and
3-by-3 box (in bold
borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

t
your vision,
our mission.

The Associated Students Store
Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

ELECTRONICS
Cannon MX882 Wireless Color Photo Printer 
with Scanner, Copier and Fax (UTC) AirPrint: 
Print wirelessly and effortlessly from your 
compatible iPhone?, iPad?, or iPod touch?- no 
drivers needed! Built-In Auto Duplex Printing: 
Automatically print on both sides of the page 
without the hassle of turning it over manu-
ally! Has three brand new ink toners in it (2 
Black & one Cyan)! ($45, cash only). Listing ID: 
82617207 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Griffin iPhone 4/4s Car Charger & other car char-
ger. $10.00 each. Listing ID: 82617206 at ucsd-
guardian.org/classifieds for more information

PS1/PS2 & Original Xbox +games, wiring, and 
controllers *barter/trade*. I am the original 
owner of all system and games. I am open for 
trades. Listing ID: 82617203 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

HOUSING
2 Beds - Presidio View. Welcome to Presidio 
View, where you have the best of Fashion Valley 
and San Diego at your door! Located near 
the San Diego River and Interstate 8, you will 
enjoy convenient access to major highways and 
public transportation, making it easy to enjoy a 
night on the town. Or, stay close to home and 
take advantage of our extensive amenities, 
such as the resort-inspired, heated swimming 
pool or 24-hour top-of-the-line fitness center. 
Listing ID: 82617111 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

1 Bed - 13th & Market - 13th & Market offers 
remarkable amenities, stylish features, and 
luxury apartments in Downtown San Diego. 
Apartment homes at 13th & Market boast the 
finest finishes including wood flooring, mar-
ble and quartz countertops, sleek espresso 
cabinetry, and stainless steel appliances. Enjoy 
modern kitchens, spacious master suites with 
expansive closets, luxe baths, in-home washers 
and dryers, and stunning city views. Listing ID: 
82617110 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

1 Bed - Casa Mira View. This new community 
will boast beautifully landscaped grounds with 
spectacular art and sculptures throughout, gor-
geous pools and spa areas, a rooftop retreat 
and a community center previously unheard of 
in the San Diego area! A merry go round and 
train for the children, life sized chess boards, 
bowling alley and professionally designed skate 
park are but a few of the fabulous amenities 
offered. Listing ID: 82617109 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

FURNITURE
TWIN SIZE DAYBED - Create a relaxed space with 
our daybed equally suited for resting and enter-
taining. Framed in solid wood and finished in 
your choice of black, cherry or white. Listing ID: 
82617212 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

LILY OF THE NILE WALL ART - “Lily of the Nile” 
two piece hand painted oil on canvas. Listing 
ID: 82617211 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information. Ikea Kids room 6drawer 
chest and dresser set of 2. It’s clean and perfect 
for a young child’s room! Listing ID: 82561175 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

A�ly now!
Email your resume & portfolio to
asgraphicstudio@ucsd.edu

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

Become an 
Egg Donor

(Asian Egg Donors 
in high demand!)

Help create families, 
compensation is generous. 
Seeking reliable, healthy, 

women age 21-30. 
Call today! (877) 492-7411 

or apply online
www.westcoasteggdonation.com

ULTRAZONE Laser 
Tag is Hiring 
For Weekend 
Employment.:
Are you a high energy and 

outgoing person?  Are ready 
for a fast paced and exciting 

part time job?  If the answers 
are YES then email us at 

lasertag@ultrazonesandiego.com
 

“I’m ready to join the 
ULTRAZONE team!”



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

@StudyAbroadUSAC

Live without regrets,
Learn without borders.

Discover where you’ll study  
abroad at usac.unr.edu

USAC_New_6x5_B&W.indd   1 21/06/13   6:47 PM

Contact Brianna, UCSD Airway Research Center

619-471-0822

Subjects aged 18-65 with current asthma 
symptoms to grass pollens needed for study 

requiring donation of blood, allergy skin 
testing, pulmonary function testing, and 

completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $575 for completion of 5 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

UCSD ASTHMA BLOOD 
DONOR STUDY:

Contact Dr. Broide, UCSD Department Medicine

619-335-8685

Subjects with past history of cat 
allergy who have outgrown their cat 
allergy needed for study requiring 

donation of blood, allergy skin 
testing, and nasal allergen challenge. 

Will be reimbursed $400 for 
completion of 4 clinic visit study.

UCSD OUTGROWN
CAT ALLERGY STUDY:

Contact Dr. Broide, UCSD Department Medicine

858-534-2033

UCSD SINUS ALLERGY
BLOOD DONOR STUDY:

Subjects aged 18-65 with current sinus 
allergy symptoms to grass pollen needed for 

study requiring donation of blood, allergy 
skin testing, pulmonary function testing, and 
completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $450 for completion of 4 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

The UCSD men’s and wom-
en’s fencing teams had another 
incredible performance this past 
Saturday, dominating at UC Irvine’s 
Intercollegiate Fencing Conference 
of Southern California. Both squads 
came out on top, winning the league 
championship crown for the 10th 
consecutive year.

UCSD competed in the IFCSC 
championship alongside teams from 
Arizona State University, Caltech, 
Pasadena City College, UC Irvine, 
UCLA, UC Santa Barbara and USC. 
The Tritons handily won all three 
weapons categories, completing the 
sweep for the second straight season. 

The UCSD men finished first in the 
overall season standings, with UCSB 
and ASU following in second and 
third, respectively. On Saturday, the 
men’s team defeated the five squads it 
faced, winning against UCSB (24–3), 
Arizona State (27–0), USC (25–2), 
UCLA (24–3) and PCC (26–1). Their 
foil concluded with a total of 44–1. 
Epee finished 39–6, while sabre com-
pleted a 42–3 record. 

The UCSD women earned the first 
spot in overall season standings as 
well, as they were trailed by UCSB and 
Caltech. The women’s team finished 
off Saturday with nearly uncontested 
victories against USC (25–2), UCLA 
(26–1), UCSB (24–3), PCC (27–0) 
and Arizona State (27–0). The Triton 
foilists — sophomores Nicole Chiang 
and Alina Marshall and junior Rosalyn 
Lim — had a perfect record of 45–0, 
with the epee going for 43–2 and the 
sabre finishing with 41–4.

When asked about his team’s per-
formance, sophomore foilist Eduard 
Zilinskiy acknowledged his team’s phe-
nomenal play.

“We all did really well,” Zilinksiy 
said. “It’s always good to win another 
league championship.”

The Tritons next have their eyes on 
the upcoming NCAA West Regional, 
which will be held on March 8 in 
Pasadena. UCSD will look to defeat 
reigning champion Stanford, who 
swept in all three categories for both 
the men and women. 

FENCING

Tritons Win 10th Straight IFCSC Meet  
The men’s and women’s fencing teams dominated in epee, sabre and foil categories.

readers can contact
GU RKI RAT SI NGH     GSINGH@ucsd.edu 

BY  GU RKI RAT SI NGH  STAFF WRITER



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M A R C H  6 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

TOURNAMENT TIME
by rachel uda & brandon yu

Unlike in years past, this season’s 
CCAA tournament has a clear frontrun-
ner. Four games ahead of second place, No. 
1 seed Cal Poly Pomona leads the confer-
ence in field goal percentage, three-point 
percentage, assists and points per game. Their 
majority threats come in the big man, little com-
bination of 6’1” junior center Jada Blackwell and redshirt junior guard 
Ariel Marsh. Blackwell and Marsh led the league in points per game, 
with Blackwell averaging 17.7 and Marsh 16.7. 

In Pomona’s last meeting with UCSD, UCSD head coach Heidi 
VanDerveer said it was Cal Poly’s size, and specifically Blackwell’s 
presence on the post, that disrupted defenses and left opportunities for 
perimeter shooters like Marsh.  

The Broncos were eliminated in the first round of the CCAA 
Tournament last season, but with Cal Poly Pomona fronting free 
transportation and tickets for its students, any post-season jitters the 
Broncos may have should be allayed with the support of their fans.

After a poor 2013 season when 
Cal State Dominguez Hills went 9–17 
and 8–14 in conference, the Toros came 
out on top of a four-way tie which included 
Cal State Los Angeles, Cal State East Bay, 
Humboldt State and UCSD to land the third seed in the six-team 
tournament. 

This season a young squad — featuring an unheard of 10 transfers 
— Dominguez Hills has remade itself, led in the attack by sophomore 
guard Monay Lee (averaging 14.7 points per game) and new addition 
Tayler Champion, a sophomore transfer from UC Irvine. 

The Toros have bested the Tritons on two occasions this season, 
once in a 68–67 overtime win and again in their last game of the sea-
son. 

Cal State 
Dominguez Hills

While the East Bay Pioneers are 
the final seed in this season’s CCAA 
tournament bracket, they are no less 
threatening than the rest of the squads. 
Holding an identical record with the next 
three higher seeded teams, Cal State East 
Bay immediately followed a six-game losing slide 
with a four-game winning streak to finish the regular season and 
claw its way into the final postseason spot. 

East Bay has two skilled scorers in junior forward Brianna 
Terrance, who is fourth in the league in points per game (15.4), and 
junior forward Danielle Peacon, who is second in the league in field-
goal percentage (51.9 percent). Overall, the Pioneers as a whole are 
skilled shooters as well, trailing only No. 1 seed Cal Poly Pomona in 
team field-goal percentage, sinking 42.4 percent of their shots on the 
season. If East Bay can shoot as well as it has throughout the season 
or better, its will certainly be a serious foe in the postseason. 

Cal State East Bay

Serving as the Tritons’ first-round opponent, Cal State Los Angeles has had a rough 
end to the season, closing out its final five games with a four-game losing streak and just 
one victory. 

However, the Golden Eagles remain a force to be reckoned with, trailing only Cal 
Poly Pomona and Cal State East Bay in field-goal percentage (42.1 percent). Moreover, Los 

Angeles has the size to dominate the glass with 6’2” senior center Destinee La Fountain who 
leads all of the CCAA in rebounds per game with an average of 10.2. The Golden Eagles are    

led in scoring by junior guard Paige Melville, who averages 14.5 points per game. 
If the Golden Eagles are to last in the tournament, they will have to find a way to finally get past the Tritons, 

who have bested Cal State Los Angeles so far in the past two meetings this regular season. 

UC San Diego

On Thursday, March 5, the UCSD women’s basketball team will begin postseason play, competing in the annual 
California Collegiate Athletic Association tournament in Ontario, Calif. This season, the conference adjusted its 
playoff format from previous years, altering the eight-team qualifying bracket to a more competitive six-team setup, 
with the top two seeds now earning a first-round bye. The Tritons enter the tournament in the fourth seed, and will 
face off against fifth-seeded Cal State Los Angeles in the first round at 5:30 p.m. Here is a look at the six squads that 
will vie for the CCAA title this year.

This year’s Triton squad will look to defend their CCAA crown as 
they return to the conference tournament as last season’s defending 
champions. After suffering a four-game losing slide in the crucial, 
latter portion of their season — partially attributed to the temporary 
loss of leading scorer and junior guard Miranda Seto — UCSD has 
turned things around, rebounding with a five-game winning streak 
and finishing the regular season 5–1 in their final six games. 

When speaking of the strength of this UCSD team, head coach 
Heidi VanDerveer said that the Tritons’ best ally is simply the team itself. 

Though the Tritons have strong players in Seto (averaging 14.2 points 
per game) and senior forward Erin Dautremont (10.7 points per game, 6.7 

rebounds per game), they truly are a team reliant on each other. As evidenced in 
recent games, UCSD has consistently had different Tritons step up in each contest.

However, if the Tritons are to be successful in this year’s postseason, they will have to be in top 
form in their shooting game. Making up for their lack of size, UCSD is a unit heavy on perimeter-
shooting, trailing on Humboldt State this season in three-point attempts (522). 

Cal State Los Angeles

This Chico State squad has the benefit of being one of the most seasoned in the 
field, returning four of its five starters from last season. Like UCSD, the Wildcats rely 
on no one standout player but rather on a strong ensemble performance fronted by 
guards senior Jazmine Miller (averaging 13.1 points per game), sophomore Hannah 

Womack (10.5 points per game) and senior Courtney Hamilton, who in 2013 led the 
CCAA in assists. Down low, the Wildcats look to senior forward McKenzie Dalthorp, 

averaging 10.3 points per game.
Still, with the benefit of all their experience, the Wildcats have not been the most consistent 

team. In its final games of the regular season, Chico lost to seventh place Humboldt State before beating 
first place Pomona 63–61 for the second time this season. But if any team can unseat the regular season 
champions it may be the Wildcats.

Chico State

#5 CAL STATE LOS ANGELES

#4 UC SAN DIEGO

#6 CAL STATE EAST BAY

#3 CS DOMINGUEZ HILLS

#1 CAL POLY POMONA

#2 CHICO STATE

MARCH 7 5:35 P.M.

MARCH 7 8:05 P.M.

Cal Poly Pomona

MARCH 8 7:35 P.M.


