
VOLUME 48, ISSUE 6  MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

THE FAIREST OF 
THEM ALL

The Triton Fall Job & Internship 
Fair comes to UCSD on Oct. 22-
23 on Library Walk. Check out 
the UCSD Guardian’s interview 

with UCSD alum Brandon 
Buzbee for tips and tricks fora 

successful run at the fair.

"WE'RE  HERE  FOR  YOU"

PERFECT  IN  THE  POOL

letter  from  your  uc  regents

Tritons  still  undefeated

opinion,  Page   4

sPORTS,  Page  12

MONDAY
H 73 L 65

TUESDAY
H 75 L 63

WEDNESDAY
H 77 L 65

THURSDAY
H 82 L 66

FORECAST

VERBATIM
Pinterest has 
over 30 mil-
lion users, 
and has been 
every female 
college stu-
dent’s best 
kept secret and source for 
crafty inspiration and ‘creative’ 
Halloween costumes for years.”

- Lauren Koa
TECHNICALLY SPEAKING

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Lights & Sirens ............... 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
MCAT Changes ............... 8
Calendar ....................... 10
Sports ........................... 12

“

Features,  PAGE  6

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 Y
V

O
N

N
E

 H
E

A
N

E
Y

/G
U

A
R

D
IA

N

UCSD Chancellor Pradeep K. 
Khosla shared a proposed campus 
“Policy for Reporting and Responding 
to Sex Offenses” in an email to 
university affiliates on Oct. 15. If the 
new policy proposal is implemented, 
it would bring UCSD’s protocol for 
handling sexual violence cases to par 
with the University of California’s 
systemwide Sexual Harassment and 
Sexual Violence Policy.

Key additions to the policy include 
definitions of sexual harassment and 
sexual violence. Sexual harassment is 
defined in the policy as “unwelcome 
sexual advances, requests for sexual 
favors and other verbal, nonverbal or 
physical conduct of a sexual nature.” 
Also included is the definition for 
sexual violence: “Physical, sexual 
acts engaged without the consent of 

the other person or when the other 
person is unable to consent to the 
activity.”

The proposed policy additionally 
clarifies the different aspects of 
consent. It explains that consent 
is informed, meaning that it is 
an “affirmative, unambiguous 
and conscious decision by each 
participant to engage in mutually 
agreed-upon sexual activity.” It then 
adds that consent is voluntary and 
is “positive cooperation in the act 
or expression of intent to engage in 
the act.”

The proposed new policy follows 
the “Yes means Yes” law that was 
signed by California Gov. Jerry 
Brown in late September of this 
year. The law requires colleges and 
universities to adopt protocols which 
clearly state, without any ambiguity, 
that participants willingly consented 
to sex by saying yes. 

It also emphasizes that consent 

is revocable, which is to say that 
“consent must be ongoing throughout 
a sexual encounter” and that once it is 
withdrawn, “the sexual activity must 
stop immediately.” The proposed 
policy also borrowed from the old 
policy in that consent cannot be 
given when a person is incapacitated 
or intoxicated.

Another addition to the policy 
is the prohibition of “harassment 
that is not sexual in nature but is 
based on gender, gender identity, 
gender expression, sex- or gender-
stereotyping or sexual orientation” 
and anything that “denies or limits 
a person’s ability to participate in or 
benefit from University educational 
programs, employment or services.”

The proposed new policy 
also says that the changes “shall 
be disseminated widely to the 
University community through 

CAMPUS

Proposed Revisions to Sexual Assault Policy
Changes made to adapt to recent “Yes Means Yes” Legislation and new UC Policies. 

BY   jacky  to
staff writer

See ASSAULT, page 3

The San Diego City Council is 
slated to vote on Monday, Oct. 20 on 
whether to revoke a minimum wage 
increase or to take the matter to the 
public forum. For the 200,000 San 
Diegan residents who work at the 
current minimum wage, this 
translates to a stalling of the wage 
hike, which will not be applied in 
January as previously announced by 
the city. Rather, the decision to 
increase the minimum wage to 
$11.50 over the next three years will 
be left to the public vote on Monday 
— this will decidedeciding whether 
the measure will be placed on the 
June 2016 ballot or be withdrawn 
entirely.

Some legislators are optimistic 
the bill will have a favorable 
outcome for supporters, indicated 
by a recent poll that showed 63 
percent of residents support a 
wage hike. City Council president 
Todd Gloria told reporters last 
week that he supports the bill and 
was “confident voters will approve 
this necessary and common sense 
increase to the minimum wage.” 
Until then, the San Diego minimum 
wage will stay at $9.  

The San Diego Small Business 
Coalition is one of the non-
governmental organizations that 
have spoken out against a wage 
hike. They and other groups 
helped garner enough signatures to 
pass the referendum in order to 
force a public vote — effectively 
vetoing the city council’s action. 
Some small business owners see 
the wage increase as ultimately 
damaging overall, regardless of the 
extra money that could be placed 
in worker’s, i.e. consumer’s, pockets. 

“I don’t know what I can do other 
than cutting back hours,” Seabreeze 
Nautical Books owner Ann Kinner 
said. 

Many bookstores have suffered 
more than most businesses in 
an increasingly digital world 
— Seabreeze has a total of one 
employee — and Kinner is not alone 
in her concern. 

Former mayor and current 
pPresident and CEO of the San Diego 
Regional Chamber of Commerce 
Jerry Sanders have historically voted 
against any wage hike. 

“The money to fund this increase 
is not magic money — it has to come 
from somewhere,” said Sanders in a 
recent Union-Tribune article titled 
“Hiking Labor Costs Will Hurt San 
Diego Economy.”

 “For small businesses struggling 
to get by, it will come from cuts in 
hours or benefits, the elimination of 
jobs and increased prices,” he wrote. 

INFOGRAPHIC BY DOROTHY VAN/GUARDIAN

City Council
May Revoke
Minimum 
Wage Hike

SAN  DIEGO

If Councilmembers favor the 
bill, the future of the wage will 
depend upon the votes of San 
Diego residents.

BY  brian  i n i gu ez
staff Writer

See WAGE, page 3

BY ANDREW  HUANG   Senior Staff Writer

SAN   DIEGO 

Cannabis Clinic Set to Open 

San Diego State University business professor David Blair became the first person in the city to receive a conditional use permit for 
legally operating a nonprofit medical marijuana 
dispensary.

Blair is just one of dozens of people who 
applied for one of these licenses since the San 
Diego City Council approved new zoning and 
operating guidelines that allow up to four medical 
marijuana dispensaries to operate in each council 
district in late February. His company, A Green 
Alternative, was approved by a city hearing officer 
on Oct. 15, and the permit will become official 
following a 10-day appeals period. 

If everything goes according to plan, A Green 
Alternative hopes to set up a shop in Otay Mesa 
by the end of this year. The San Diego Police 
Department will inspect the dispensary annually 
until the conditional-use permit expires in five 
years.

“We’re just so thrilled, grateful and humbled by 
it,” Blair told NBC San Diego. “We always intend 

to play by the rules, and we will only play by the 
rules.”

Although medical marijuana dispensaries were 
decriminalized in California by Proposition 215, 
known as the Compassionate Use Act, which was 
passed in 1996, San Diego County unsuccessfully 
challenged the law several times, and the city 
proper heavily restricted the number and locations 
of dispensaries. Marijuana use remains illegal 
under federal regulations.

The City Council voted 8–1 to overturn its 
previous restrictions on Feb. 25 after medical 
marijuana proponents gathered enough signatures 
to force a reconsideration. According to the 
new rules, no more than 36 total dispensaries 
will be allowed in San Diego, and they must 
maintain a 1,000-foot buffer zone between public 
parks, churches, schools and other dispensaries. 
They must also stay at least 100 feet away from 
residential areas and cannot have on-site medical 
professionals. As of March, the dispensaries are 
completely barred from Council President Todd 

See DISPENSARY, page 3

NUMBER OF
Medicinal Marijuana Cards

5,591 Marin

20,857 San Francisco
4625 Alameda

6,537 Los Angeles
5,783 Riverside

3,086 San Diego



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

A COUPLE OF DERPS By Elyse Yang

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Everything is Waffle.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Lauren Koa

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Salena Quach

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor
 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa, Joselynn Ordaz, 

Zöe McCracken

Copy Readers
Micaela Stone, Kriti Sarin, Andrew Chao

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Jonah Yonker

Registration for FALL Qtr is NOW open!

Register online at 
as.ucsd.edu/saferides
A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get 3 FREE rides per quarter.
Students must register at least 24 hours
prior to their first ride. 

A.S. 

asucsd

Safe Rides 

asucsd

BRIEFS GABRIELLA  FLEISCHMAN,   MERYL  PRESS  &  TINA  BUTOIUNEWS EDITOR, ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITORS BY
▶ Feds Approve Funding for Trolley 
Project

The Federal Transit 
Administration signed an 
environmental report requiring 
approval for the funding and 
construction of the Mid-Coast 
Trolley last week. 

The signed document, the 
Record of Decision, is one of 
two environmental reports that 
need to be approved in order to 
secure funding for the $2 billion 
project, according to an Oct. 17 
Union-Tribune San Diego article. 
The second document, the Final 
Subsequent Environmental Impact 
Report, may be signed next month.

 According to the U-T article, 
construction is expected to begin 
late next year and service is expected 
to start in 2019. 

▶ Graduate Schools Gets New 
Name

The UCSD Office of Graduate 
Studies was renamed to the Graduate 
Division on Oct. 16, according to a 

campuswide email sent UCSD from 
the Office of the Executive Vice 
Chancellor of Student Affairs. 

The change was made in order 
to become consistent with other 
University of California campuses 
and to reflect the importance of 
graduate education at UCSD. 
Prospective graduate students 
can use the Graduate Division 
as a resource for information, 
while current students turn to the 
division to learn about financial 
support opportunities, professional 
development programs and 
dissertation preparation. 

The division provides up-to-
date information and support for 
navigation through Academic 
Senate Regulations for faculty and 
staff and works with department 
graduate coordinators to facilitate 
administrative requirements that 
are necessary to keep students on 
track to graduate. 

▶ Campus Launches new Health 
Major

This fall, UCSD became the first 
University of California campus to 
introduce the Bachelor of Arts in 
Global Health. 

The new major integrates the 
Global Health minor, which was 
established in 2004. 

One of the requirements for 
both the major and the minor is 
the health field experience, which 
students can pursue domestically or 
abroad. It is affiliated with multiple 
on-campus organizations including 
the Center on Global Justice and 
the Blum Cross-Border Initiative, 
the Academic Internship, the 
International Center and the Center 
for Iberian and Latin American 
Studies. 

Students can utilize the major as 
a precursor to both health and non-
health related fields or can choose to 
double major as some students, who 
were initially minoring in Global 
Health, have decided to do.

readers can contact
jacky  to   j6to@ucsd.edu 

Like Us
on FB.
facebook.com/
ucsdguardian



“And, for many businesses, it will 
mean they will be forced to close 
their doors, which means fewer 
businesses creating jobs and fewer 

San Diegans with opportunities to 
work.”

The long-term effects of the 
wage increase in other areas of the 
state remain to be seen. However, 
unemployment has decreased from 

9 percent to 7.4 percent when a 
wage increase to $9 was announced 
back in June 2014.

publications, websites, new employee 
orientations, student orientations 
and other appropriate channels of 
communication.” 

Additionally, the policy 
obligates each of those locations 
to “make preventive educational 
materials available to all members 
of the University community” and 
“designate University employees 
responsible for reporting sexual 
harassment and sexual violence and 
make available prevention training to 
designated employees.”

With regards to reporting acts of 
sexual harassment or sexual violence, 
the policy affirms that “any member 
of the University community may 

report conduct that may constitute 
sexual harassment or sexual violence.” 
It then requires that the “supervisors, 
managers and other designated 
employees are responsible for 
promptly forwarding such reports” to 
the designated local official. 

The policy also warns that any 
member of the University community 
who is found to have engaged in 
sexual harassment or sexual violence 
is “subject to disciplinary action 
including dismissal in accordance 
with the applicable University 
disciplinary procedure or other 
University policy.”

Finally, it also includes a section 
recognizing the importance of the 
right to free speech and academic 
freedom and indicates its commitment 

to protecting both. However, the policy 
also clarifies that those rights are not 
limitless and “do not protect speech or 
expressive conduct that violates federal 
or state anti-discrimination laws.”

Khosla said in the email that the 
University is inviting comments on 
the proposed policy as part of a formal 
review. The Office of Prevention of 
Harassment and Discrimination will 
accept comments or questions until 
Nov. 16.

Neither the Sexual Assault and 
Violence Prevention Resource Center 
nor University communications 
specialist Christine Clark could be 
reached by press time for comment. 

Gloria’s district, according to KPBS. 
Edith Gutierrez, a city 

development project manager, told 
the UCSD Guardian that 37 other 
applications were waiting to be 
processed, concentrated in a few 
major districts. The next hearing will 
be held on Oct. 29 for a dispensary 
hoping to open near Mission Bay. 

The application process is 

complex; it takes thousands of dollars 
and several months to complete 
and remains highly controversial. 
Many advocacy groups are strongly 
opposed to the new guidelines and 
certain marijuana shops still operate 
illegally within the county.

UCSD itself does not recognize 
medical marijuana cards and forbids 
smoking anywhere on campus.

San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer, 
however, supports the regulations.

“San Diegans deserve a fair and 
open medical marijuana policy that 
keeps our communities safe,” he said in 
an online statement. “This permitting 
process is providing reliable access 
for patients that need medicine while 
also protecting our neighborhoods 
by clearly defining where these new 
dispensaries can be located.”

N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

Application available: admissions.ucsd.edu/tours
or Port Triton search “Tours”

Can you walk backwards & talk at the same time?
Wanna get PAID For It?  

JOIN OUR TEAM!

College Ambassadors:
• conduct walking tours

• represent UCSD to our 40,000+ visitors

• appear on student panels

HIRING INFORMATION SESSION
Wed, Oct 22, 5:30-6:30pm
Multipurpose Room (Student Services Center)
APPLICATIONS DUE OCTOBER 31.
@ the Triton Center (1st ﬂoor Student Services Center) 

 We are looking for students who are 
passionate about UC San Diego
You’re encouraged to apply if you 

• get involved with campus community centers 
• are bilingual/bicultural
• are a transfer student  
• have travel abroad experience 
• are 2nd or 3rd year student

Become a College Ambassador!
for the Oﬃce of Admissions

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

Friday, Oct. 10
8 a.m.: Noninjury Accident
A UC cart collided with a wooden 
post, causing damage to its utility 
bed door. Report taken.
9:20 p.m.: Battery
An unknown subject pushed a 
UCSD custodian and took off 
running. Report taken.
9:58 p.m.: Excessive Alcohol
A young adult male was slumped 
over a cement bench near John’s 
Place Market. Transported to 
hospital.

Saturday, Oct. 11
2:22 a.m.: Citizen Contact
A Village resident came out and 
started yelling at and chasing the 
reporting party. Field interview 
administered.
6:56 p.m.: Suspicious Person
Several subjects complained about a 
male subject going through people’s 
laundry at the Village. Unable to 
locate.

Sunday, Oct. 12
2:44 a.m.: Citizen Contact
Two residents in the Village East 1 
had a tree brought in from outside. 
Information only.
9:50 p.m.: Disturbance
A group of males was trying to get 
onto the Tamarack Apartments from 
a cement overhang. Unable to locate.

Monday, Oct. 13
8:55 p.m.: Medical Aid
A young adult male hit his head on 
a pole in the Muir basketball courts. 
Transported to hospital.

Tuesday, Oct. 14
2:35 p.m.: Injury
A young adult female slipped and hit 
her head at Canyon Vista restaurant. 
Transported to hospital. 
11:51 p.m.: Psych Subject
An adult female was walking 
around the South Mesa Apartments 
while sweating and talking rapidly. 
Transported to hospital.

Wednesday, Oct. 15
10:23 a.m.: Medical Aid
A subject experienced chest pains at 
the Shiley Eye Center. Transported to 
hospital. 
11:44 p.m.: Vehicle Stop
An adult male student was pulled 
over and arrested on DUI charges 
at Villa La Jolla Drive. Booked into 
county jail.

Thursday, Oct. 16
1:42 a.m.: Security Alarm
An alarm went off at the Student 
Services Center’s Cashiers’ Office. 
False alarm. 

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer 

ucsdguardian.org

CAN’T GET ENOUGH? 
FIND MORE ONLINE AT: 

San Diego Mayor Supports Medicinal Marijuana Regulations.

readers can contact
andrew huang   aehuang@ucsd.edu 

▶ DISPENSARY from page 1

Chancellor Khosla Encourages Public Input on Proposed Policy. 

readers can contact
jacky to   j6to@ucsd.edu 

▶ POLICY, from page 1

Wage Increase May Hurt Small Businesses In The Long-Run.

readers can contact
brian  iniguez   biniguez@ucsd.edu 

▶ WAGE, from page 1

TWEET US @UCSDGUARDIAN



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORLAUREN KOAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

In theory, freedom of religion applies to every 
American, but in practice, it seems to elude certain 
minorities. In a society with a Christian majority 
and a long cultural legacy of Judeo-Christian 
traditions, Muslims and atheists, two of America’s 
fastest growing religious minorities, have suffered 
plenty of persecution. When atheist pundits like 
Bill Maher deny the existence of Islamophobia, they 
completely miss the parallels between how Muslims 
and atheists are treated in the USA.

Maher advocates for free criticism between 
belief systems but downplays the extent to which 
prejudice against ideas translates to prejudice against 
people. The NYPD reports that hate crimes against 
Muslims have increased for more than a decade, 
new mosques receive disproportionate opposition 
compared to any other place of worship built in 
cities and Gallup polls show more than one-fourth 
of Americans admit to distrusting Muslims. 

In a similar vein, the American Sociological 
Review has found that Americans distrust atheists 
more than any other minority used in their studies. 
Seven U.S. states even have laws against atheists 
holding public office, and six still have blasphemy 
laws. Despite the similar mechanisms of institutional 
oppression faced by Muslims and atheists, Maher 
dismisses Islamophobia as an impediment to free 
religious criticism, whereas he regularly compares 
prejudice against atheists to homophobia, calling 
atheism “the new gay marriage.” 

In reality, Islamophobia and atheophobia both 
constitute legitimate prejudices in our culture, and 
a consistent viewpoint would recognize this. The 
incoherent position in which one of these groups 
suffers prejudice while the other only faces due 
criticism completely removes the opportunity to 
show a rare bit of solidarity between these two 
otherwise disparate groups.   

—  THOMAS FINN
Staff Writer

Media Coverage Perpetuates Negative 
Stereotypes of  All Muslims 

Islam Is Not the Only Religion 
That Has a Violence Problem

Muslims and Atheists Both Experience 
Discrimination in America

Islam is constantly falsely portrayed in the 
West as an extremist, violent religion prone to 
bloodshed. In his “Last Word” interview, Bill 
Maher even said that Islam is “the only religion 
that acts like the mafia.” But anyone who claims 
this has just forgotten a lot of history; any time 
religion has mixed with politics, the results are 
often deadly. 

According to The UK Guardian, a woman in 
Ireland died due to Ireland’s Catholic law against 
abortion in 2012. Although the woman requested 
the abortion on the account that it could save her 
life from an otherwise fatal pregnancy, she was 
still denied it, simply due to religion. It is untrue to 
claim that Middle Eastern countries are the only 
ones with unjust religious laws.

Similarly, Muslim countries are not the only 
ones waging “religious wars.” Israel, a Jewish state, 
has been fighting with its Muslim neighbors on the 
basis that it’s defending its right to exist. Data from 
B’Tselem, an Israeli human rights organization, 
states that roughly 7,000 Palestinians have been 
killed since 2000, yet Judaism is not characterized as 
a brutal religion. 

Christianity has the same story. Only 1,400 years 
old, Islam is considered a relatively young religion. 
When Christianity was 1300 years old, the crusades 
had just ended. This conveniently forgotten yet 
bloody event directly resulted from religion mixing 
with politics. 

The fact of the matter is the violence in the 
Middle East is the result of politics, not religion. 
Branding Islam and its followers as brutal ter-
rorists is not only insensitive and morally unjust 
but also historically inaccurate. Islam is just one 
example of how harmful it is when a society 
mixes politics and religion and, therefore, it 
should not be treated as an outlier. 

—  AYAT AMIN
Contributing Writer

The language often used in today’s media 
perpetuates negative perceptions of the entire 
Muslim community.  Words like “barbarism” 
and “hostile” surround discussions of Islamic 
groups — Bill Maher spouted in his now-viral 
debate with Ben Affleck that “Islam is the mother 
lode of bad ideas.” Many prominent speakers 
on the issue excuse other works of violence — 
such as those committed by white supremacists, 
fundamentalist Christians, etc. — as the work 
of “a few crazy people,” while the violence of 
Muslim groups is classified by the media as 
“dangerous terrorist attacks.” By always casting 
violence by radical Muslims, or even just Middle 
Easterners, in this light, Islamophobia is being 
cultured in Western minds.
     With ongoing turmoil in the Middle East 
and the expansion of the jihadist group ISIS, the 
Islamic faith has increasingly fallen victim to 
this sort of public prejudice. According to a Pew 
Research poll, few Muslims surveyed in Western 
countries said that suicide bombing or other 
forms of violence against civilian targets can 
be justified in order to defend Islam from its 
enemies. Intelligence services around the world 
estimate the radical population of Muslims to 
be between 15 to 25 percent. While it may be 
true that even this minority of extremists still 
makes up a formidable group, that does not 
excuse the generalization of radical ideologies 
to all Muslims. This overgeneralization is falsely 
justified bigotry. 
     Any form of extremism that endangers lives 
or the safety of any nation is a problem and not 
one that should be overlooked or left undiscussed. 
However, it is also unacceptable to allow the 
actions of a radical minority to color the public’s 
perception of an entire group. 

— HAILEY SANDEN
Staff Writer

QUICK TAKES BILL MAHER AND BEN AFFLECK’S RECENT CONVERSATION ABOUT “ISLAMOPHOBIA” BRINGS TO LIGHT AN IMPORTANT ISSUE:  ALLEGED RACISM AGAINST ALL KINDS OF MUSLIMS, TAKING PLACE ALL AROUND THE WORLD. 

Pinterest Is
Awesome, 
But What 
Else Is New?

 If you’ve jealously admired a friend’s beautiful and uniquely 
decorated apartment recently, chances 
are, they’re not really that creative. 
Whether they admit it or not, they 
probably stole the inspiration from 
someone else’s board on Pinterest. 

I’m not trying to sound like a 
hater; I’m just stating the likely truth. 

Forbes Magazine recently 
predicted that Facebook and 
Twitter will have to make some 
top-shelf room for Pinterest, the 
virtual pinboard-inspired social 
media platform, and it feels like the 
recognition is long overdue. Pinterest 
has over 30 million users, and has 
been every female college student’s 
best-kept secret and source for crafty 
inspiration and “creative” Halloween 
costumes for years since its 2010 
launch. If you’re still unconvinced, 
the rundown from Forbes revealed 
that Pinterest currently has over 750 
million boards filled with 30 billion 
“pins” or images to date. Additionally, 
it’s been approximated that the site 
has users adding about 54 million 
images daily. 

And despite my love for Sharpie 
pens, glitter glue and all things that 
are crafty and messy, I’m more than 
grateful that a virtual pinboard 
means I won’t need to deal with 
cutting papers, push-pinning notes 
or keeping more things in their 
organized places. Though it’s getting 
a lot easier to spot recreated pins 
in real life, Pinterest makes it so 
efficient to collectively organize both 
big and little aspects of your life and 
discover what else is out there. Bored 
with your hair and not sure if you’d 
really love to follow the balayage or 
ombre trends? Check the Hair & 
Beauty tab for some pinspiration. 
Overwhelmed with too many 
options? Save all the ones you like as 
a new board. 

From finding quick, healthy 
recipes to cook for dinner to scoping 
potential travel destinations, there’s 
just so much on Pinterest for 
everyone. Though Pinterest’s user 
base is 80 percent female, it’d be false 
to say that Pinterest can only appeal 
to women. It’s true that you could 
spend hours aimlessly looking at 
different future wedding dresses or 
cakes, but you could also spend your 
time searching helpful infographics 
that can inspire you to hit the gym or 
to redesign your resume or website.

What I also really love about 
Pinterest is that it places a unique 
emphasis on the future, rather than 
the past. It’s been said that Pinterest 
is about discovering the things you 
can do and the places you can see, 
rather than reflecting on the places 
your or your friends have been and 
what your friends are doing. And 
this holds true if you consider the 
concept that its creators had in mind: 
Pinterest co-founder Evan Sharp 
explains that the platform “exposes 
people to possibilities they would not 
have known.” 

Gone are the days when people 
would actually cut pages out of 
magazines for inspiration or whip 
out the gluesticks and press photos 
onto notebook pages, and I couldn’t 
be happier. Our virtual, paperless 
pinboards are here, ready to be filled 
with more images and infographics 
than you could ever imagine fitting 
into a 70-count notebook.

From Your Student Regents
Last week, the UCSD Guardian received an open letter from University of  California 

Student Regent-Designate Avi Oved and current Student Regent Sadia Saifuddin. 

As classes resume and we return to campus, reminders of the diversity of our student body are all around us. Some students have arrived freshly 
inspired by the beauty and culture of foreign countries, 
and some emerge from the depths of backbreaking jobs 
and seemingly endless hours of internships; still others sit 
in the very same classrooms they frequented during long 
days of summer school, while some just soaked in the sun 

and enjoyed the peaceful bliss of doing absolutely nothing.
But while many of its students wandered far from 

their campuses during the summer months, the 
wheels of activity continue to turn at the University of 
California. The governing body of the UC system, the 
UC Board of Regents, continued to hold its bimonthly 
meetings at UC San Francisco. And in July, we were 
privileged to take our seats at the table as Student Regent 

See LETTER, page 5

ILLUSTRATION BY ALICE HSIEH

lauren  koa  lkoa@ucsd.edu
technically
 speaking



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

a.s. ucsd

o
ffice of ex terna

l a
ffa

irs

INVEST IN GRADUATION NOT INCARCERATION,
TRANSFORM EDUCATION

Contact the AS External Office's Campus Organizing Director 
at exa.ucsd.cod@gmail.com with any questions.

National Day Against
Police Brutality
Stop Police Brutality, Repression, and the
Criminalization of the Generation.
Library Walk
October 22nd, 1:00PM

Michael Brown, Jordan Davis, 
Eric Garner, Darrien Hunt, 
Oscar Grant, Trayvon Martin,
Kimani Gray, Kendrec McDade,
Timothy Russell, Ervin Jefferson,
Amadou Diallo, Patrick Dorismond,
Ousmane Zongo, Timothy Stansbury
Jr., Sean Bell, Orlando Barlow, 
Aaron Campbell, Victor Steen, 
Steve Eugene Washington, Alonzo 
Ashley, Wendell Allen, Ronald 
Madison, James Brissette, Travares 
McGill, Ramarley Graham...

WORLDFRONT WINDOW By David Juarez

UC Student Regents Highlight Guidelines and Goals for the Year

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear Editor,
My pet peeve is waste. I see it 

everywhere. One place is UCSD, 
an enlightened institute of higher 
education, I’m told. One example 
involves the use of water on cam-
pus. At the Canyonview Pool, I’ve 
noticed that almost every day — for 
example, for the last several days 
and at least every other day in 
recent months — the terraces sur-
rounding the pool are hosed down 
with tremendous streams of water, 
even though there is nothing visible 
on them. 

One day while swimming I 
observed [that] one hired student 
use an electric blower to remove 
any small items that might be on 
the decks. Within half an hour, 
another student came along and 
carefully hosed down the clean 

decks. Finally, much to my surprise, 
after another half hour, still another 
student swept the still drying ter-
races although nothing was on 
them. Now I’m all for sweeping; it 
provides the student workers with 
exercise — which is what the pool 
should be used for — and it uses a 
renewable source of energy. But in 
times of extreme drought, shouldn’t 
we be more concerned about 
throwing water on the ground? And 
in a time of global climate change, 
shouldn’t we be more careful about 
the unwarranted use of electricity? 
If you agree, then maybe we should 
let Gary C. Matthews (gcmat-
thews@ucsd.edu), Vice Chancellor 
for Resource Management and 
Planning, and Mike Anderson 
(mkanderson@ucsd.edu), who 
directs students to wash the decks 
on a near-daily basis, know that we 
disapprove.

— Milton Saier
  Professor of molecular biology

Our Campus Should 
Avoid Wasting Energy 

Sadia Saifuddin and Student Regent-
designate Avi Oved.

Allow us to introduce ourselves.
The UC Regents can be a distant, 

removed body of authority; few 
students on our campuses across the 
state have any direct interaction with 
the Regents. Meanwhile, the influence 
and impact of the UC Regents, while 
tangible and omnipresent, is often 
misunderstood. It is our goal to 
change that.

As the student regent and 
student regent-designate, we are 
privileged to represent students 
across the University of California. 
As representatives to the Board, we 
advocate for the student agenda. 

Regardless of your major, age, race, 
gender, sex, nationality, religion, 
disability, identity or expression, we 
are here to listen and we are here to 
amplify your voice.

The student regent derives his or 
her power from the people that he 
or she represents. We are not here 
to advocate for our personal beliefs; 
our advocacy agenda is shaped by the 
general opinion of the UC student 
community.

We are here for you.
Each of us has a responsibility 

to ourselves and to one another, to 
ensure that the UC system is the best 
institution that it can possibly be. 
Together, we want to encourage all 
students to embrace our diversity, 
set aside our differences and come 

together to bring positive change 
to our university. As the student 
regents, we have one purpose in 
mind: to serve the students of the 
UC system. 

Reach out to us. Email us. 
Come see us during campus visits. 
Contact us with your concerns, your 
questions, your vision for a better UC 
system.

We are the UC student regents. 
How can we represent you?

— Sadia Saifuddin
  UC Student Regent

saif.sadia10@gmail.com

— Avi Oved
  UC Student Regent-designate

ucregentoved@gmail.com

▶ LETTER, from page 4

Correction: In the Oct. 13, 2014 story “New ASCE-Sponsored Triton 
Fest Holds Inaugural Programs,” it was incorrectly stated that A.S. 
Concerts & Events solely sponsored Triton Fest. ASCE is one of many 
sponsors, and the campuswide Triton Fest Planning Committee is pro-
ducing Triton Fest’s programs. The committee is composed of depart-
ments that include the University Events Office, University Centers, 
A.S. Council, Campus Recreation,  Center for Student Involvement: 
Greek Life, the six colleges, Out-Of-State and International Student 
Outreach and the Student Health & Wellness Center.

The Gurardian corrects all errors brought to the attention of the editors. 
Corrections can be sent to editor@ucsdguardian.org.

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY  RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

For the first time, the upcoming Triton Fall Job & Internship Fair will encom-pass all career fields in a large-scale, two-day event. Compared to last year’s exhibition, when 133 companies actively recruited on campus in mainly sci-
ence and technology-orientated areas, this year’s event will host over 200 companies 
to recruit from all majors. The first day will be centered on science and technology 
with about 160 companies represented, and the second day of the fair will be held 
specifically for non-technical majors with 60 different company recruiters present. 

Senior Director of Employer Relations & Outreach and 2006 UCSD alumnus 
Brandon Buzbee explained that the expansion of the fair mutually benefitted 
non-technical students and technological companies such as Chevron and UTC 
Aerospace, who have been recently recruiting these students for positions in depart-
ments such as marketing, communications and financial analysis. 

Another reason for the change, he said, was a rising need for better recruit-
ment access in the fall, as many institutions recruit during this period for the 
following summer.

“Our students at UCSD couldn’t be as competitive as UCLA or Cal,” Buzbee 
said. “We weren’t in the natural recruitment cycle of [companies like] financial 
institutions and major national nonprofits because we weren’t making it very easy 
to recruit here in the fall.”

LANDING
THEJOB

Written by Sydney Reck
Illustrations by Elyse Yang

The Triton Fall Job Fair will be held Oct. 22 to Oct. 23 on Library Walk from 10:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. 
Find out about what to expect, the current job market for students and how to land the job you really want.

Tips for 
the Resume

Don’t depend on your resume: “There’s a temptation to make the 
resume ‘the thing,’” Buzbee said. “The resume is a tool. You don’t 
expect a tool to build a house — the builder builds a house. So don’t 
ever lean so hard on your resume that you think that’s what’s going to 
get you a job.”

Frame your experience: “I think knowing how to position your experi-
ence [is important],” Buzbee said. “Don’t just call yourself a manager in 
a dining hall. Did you lead a team? Did you problem solve? How many 
customers did you interface on a regular basis? Know how to frame 
your experiences.”

Don’t forget to be interesting: “Companies are interested in interesting 
people,” Buzbee said. “If you’re an economics student who has an interest 
in coding, tell them that ... We have such interesting students here, but 
unfortunately, it doesn’t come out on paper sometimes.”

A good resource to prepare: Alumni Advisor Network on the Career 
Services Center website. Over 700 alumni in all disciplines have made 
themselves available to consult with you and critique your resume.

Ti
ps

 fo
r..

.

Start early: “The earlier someone can start, the 
better,” Buzbee said. “Ideally, a student gets [his 
or her] first job fair experience before they’re actu-
ally looking for a job because it’s nerve-wracking 
to walk into that room and talk to an employer. If 
you have been through anything one time, you’re 
going to feel a little bit more comfortable.”

Do your homework: “One of the worst things 
you could do at a job fair is walk up to a recruiter 
and say, ‘What does your company do?’” Buzbee 
said. “You’ve immediately disqualified yourself 
because if you weren’t hungry enough to do your 
homework, there are nine other students stand-
ing behind you that know why they’re standing 
in line.”



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

On-campus interviews are also increasing in number from around 16 inter-
view rooms utilized in the past to over 80 this year. 

“A lot more employers are utilizing on-campus interviewing, which for us is 
really promising because what that means is employers are planning on being 
here, talking to talent a little bit longer,” Buzbee said. “To me, it’s not just about 
getting employers here; it’s about getting students more interviews, which will 
translate into more jobs.”

For the students attending this year’s job fair, Buzbee encourages students 
to “realize your value as an intern,” as companies can save up to $40,000  by 
converting an intern into a full-time position rather than simply hiring someone 
with more experience into the same position. He notes that the recent shift of 
company focus back to entry-level talent suggests a brighter future for college 
graduates than the discouraging job market of 2009.

“Some industries, like financial institutions, almost entirely stopped hiring 
entry-level talent from 2009 until just this past year,” Buzbee said. “But we’re 
seeing financial institutions like Union Bank and Wells Fargo that are com-
ing to us saying, ‘We don’t have much of a pipeline now, we’re missing this 
whole entry-level tier of our employment, and we’re realizing how important 
interns are.’”

LANDING
THEJOB

Written by Sydney Reck
Illustrations by Elyse Yang

The Triton Fall Job Fair will be held Oct. 22 to Oct. 23 on Library Walk from 10:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. 
Find out about what to expect, the current job market for students and how to land the job you really want.

Tips for 
the Interview

Practice communication: “Recruiters say that 
students could improve their communication 
skills,” Buzbee said. “If you know what you’re 
going to say and why you’re going to say it and 
you’re ready to answer a question or two, they 
are going to perceive your communication skills 
to be higher.”

A good resource to prepare: Talented and 
Occupationally Prepared Program on the Career 
Services website. The survey can help prepare 
for questions about your professional objective, 
what companies you may be interested in and 
why and something you’ve done that makes 
you a good candidate for a job there. Tip: If you 
complete the survey before the fair, you’ll get in 
at 10 a.m., a half hour earlier than students who 
didn’t take the survey.

Practice, practice, practice: “[You can] videotape yourself and basically 
see what you look like in front of [a recruiter],” Buzbee said. “You can sit 
there and watch yourself on video, which I know is a little awkward for a lot 
of us, but at least you know your mannerisms and you see things that you 
wouldn’t have picked up on before, like hand motions, eye contact, etc.”

Talk to friends: “Talk to your friends that have gone through the process 
already,” Buzbee said. “If you want to work at Qualcomm, find somebody 
who is now a first-year employee that you know has been an intern at 
Qualcomm and ask them, ‘What was the interview process like?’ That’s 
not cheating, that’s being prepared.”

Research your interviewer: “If you can specifically mention projects or 
topics or something that’s relevant to what that company is dealing with 
today, and that’s a part of your natural conversation with your recruiter, 
then that will make you stand out,” Buzbee said. 

...THE FAIR



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

Taking the MCAT to the Next Level
In light of pending changes to the MCAT, scheduled to begin in 2015, students who plan to apply to 

medical school next year must decide between the current, shorter exam and the new seven-hour test.

The four-letter word that has haunted pre-medical 
students for ages is about to get even more frightening. 
All students with ambitions to enroll in medical school 
must sit for the Association of American Medical Colleges’ 
Medical College Admission Test exam. AAMC recently 
announced an overhaul to the exam, adding nearly 100 
questions and doubling the test length, expanding the test-
ing materials to include three new disciplines and instill-
ing more stress and panic in prospective medical students.

Until now, the exam had 144 questions covering gen-
eral chemistry, biology, physics and organic chemistry. 
The new test, dubbed “MCAT 2015,” won’t begin until 
April of next year but will have 230 questions and will 
cover the current exam’s material as well as biochemistry, 
psychology and sociology.

“The MCAT’s change is aligned with a broad change 
in medical education,” Eric Chiu, executive director of 
pre-medical programs at Kaplan Test Prep, said. “Medical 
schools are looking to bring in well-rounded, successful 
students and not just strong science students.”

AAMC’s current MCAT, which lasts roughly three-
and-a-half hours, will continue to be offered until January 
2015. The new exam, which will take over seven hours, 
including a 30-minute lunch break, leaves students hoping 
to apply to medical school next summer with a conun-
drum: Which test is best?

Chiu explained how in a recent Kaplan-administered 
survey of 78 medical schools, 44 percent say they have no 
preference for which test students take. Twenty-eight per-
cent of medical schools surveyed said they recommended 
current juniors take the current exam, and 27 percent 
advised that students hold out for MCAT 2015.

All surveyed schools said they will still give equal 
weight to both exams and will assess applicants’ scores 
against other takers of the same exam — forcing students 
to return to the same dilemma of which exam to take.

“There’s no bias favoring a particular test,” Bill Wingard, 

UCSD’s lead advisor for professional and graduate school 
advising at the Career Services Center, said. “It’s really a 
decision that’s up to the individual.”

UCSD School of Medicine Director of Admissions 
Brian Zeglen said that the campus’ admissions policy 
would not change at all in response to the MCAT changes.

“Our policy is, and will always be, to accept MCAT 
scores within the previous three years,” Zeglen said. “We 
have no preference to the new exam versus the old one.”

Zeglen added that UCSD School of Medicine would 
evaluate applicant performance on the exam based on 
percentiles provided by AAMC and not by which exam a 
student sat for.

 Chiu said Kaplan Test Prep recommends students who 
can still qualify to take the current exam should do so — 
only if they are ready to sit for the exam.

“Regardless of which exam students choose to take, it 
is most important that students are well-prepared for the 
exam they ultimately choose,” Chiu said.

One factor that may impact a student’s readiness for 
the test, or tests, is the amount of coursework completed 
before the test date. Introductory exposure to all of the 
current MCAT testing materials can be covered in eight 
semesters of chemistry, biology and physics. The new test 
will require an additional three semester courses in the 
new behavioral sciences categories for students to prepare 
to take the exam.

Wingard told the UCSD Guardian that 632 students 
applied to medical school in the last application cycle but 
that even more will sit for the MCAT exam this year; some 
students take the test for other purposes, and some will 
ultimately not apply to medical school.

To help students learn the specialized new materials, 
UCSD’s sociology department will begin offering a new 
course, SOCI 70, which will cover introductory sociology 
materials on the new MCAT exam. The course is slated to 
be offered beginning in Winter Quarter 2015.

“We see this [class] as an opportunity to cover the 
basic sociological concepts that will be important to med-
school-bound students in their future career paths, while 
at the same time giving them the information needed 
to help them on the MCAT,” Sociology Department 
Undergraduate Advisor Shannon Goodison said.

The lecture will have 120 seats available in its inaugural 
year — far short of the total number of UCSD students 
slated to take the MCAT this year.

“We won’t be ready to offer this class to 600 students 
just yet,” Goodison said, adding that the class will be 
offered yearly in Winter Quarter.

Wingard said the Career Services Center will begin 
advising students to take SOCI 70 before sitting for the 
new MCAT.

“We’re adding this course to our guidebook for pre-
med students, but it won’t be a requirement for any medi-
cal school,” Wingard said.

Wingard added that while the psychology department 
won’t be adding any new courses to help students prepare 
for the relevant sections on the new MCAT, he still rec-
ommends that all pre-med students take an introductory 
psychology course, such as PSYC 1 or PSYC 2.

Kaplan Test Prep, which has a facility on UCSD’s cam-
pus in Price Center, will begin offering newly designed 
preparatory courses this fall that specifically aim to 
improve students’ understanding of the behavioral sci-
ences sections of the new MCAT exam.

As for the new biochemistry exam materials, Wingard 
suggests students take two courses in structural and 
metabolic biochemistry. Many medical schools, such as 
UC Irvine School of Medicine, already have biochemistry 
courses as prerequisites for admission.

“Students who study for the behavioral science materi-
als for the new exam might be more prepared for medical 
ethics courses in medical school,” Wingard said. “But for 
admissions, it really won’t make any difference.”

BY ZEV HURWITZ, SENIOR STAFF WRITER

ILLUSTRATIONS BY ROCIO PLASCENCIA/GUARDIAN

Readers can contact Zev Hurwitz at zhurwitz@ucsd.edu

Check us out at 
ucsdguardian.org/jobs @UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US ON 
TWITTER

LOOKING FOR 
A JOB?



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

While the Lancers climbed back 
from a three-goal deficit to bring 
the match to a tight 10–9 score, the 
Tritons put the match away with two 
late goals. 

The Tritons appeared to have 
trouble from poor shots, garnering a 
narrow win despite outshooting the 
Lancers by a wide margin. 

“We made too many mistakes 
to even tabulate at this moment,” 
Harper said. “It was a struggle. With 
that being said, Cal Baptist is a 
good team. I wouldn’t be surprised 
at all if they make it to the finals of 
our [postseason] conference tourna-
ment.” 

Michalko, Stiling and De Vivo 
all finished with a hat trick each. 
Meanwhile senior goalkeeper 
Cameron Ravanbach tallied six 

saves in the cage. 
With the victory, the Tritons 

defended their superior status in the 
WWPA and kept their league record 
untainted while CBU fell to 1–2 in 
conference play. 

UCSD now heads back on the 
road, taking on No. 16 Loyola 
Marymount University on Oct. 25. 
The Tritons, who just recently host-
ed and defeated LMU 7–2, will look 
to maintain their stellar national 
ranking. 

“I think we should have a full 
week of training before we have to 
travel and play at LMU,” Harper 
said. “We’ll recover from this. 
There’s a lot of things we can learn 
from this.” 

BECOME A COUNCIL MEMBER
Open positions:

• First Year Senator
• Transfer Senator
• Associate Vice President
   Local Affairs

BECOME AN INTERN OR STAFF MEMBER
Open office positions:

• Office of the President
• Office of External Affairs
• Office of Student Advocacy
• Office of Finance and Resources
• Office of College Affairs
• Office of Diversity Affairs
• Office of Athletic Relations
• Office of Student Services
• AS Concerts and Events 

(become a volunteer - visit asce.ucsd.edu)

Associated
StudentstheJOIN

applications available now
check as.ucsd.edu for due dates

STUDENT-
INITIATED

 RESEARCH

YOUC
AN BE

AWARDED
 UP TO   500-80

0$
in

SUBMIT     
      :

:COMPLETED
APPLICAT

ION

OCT. 11
OCT. 25

for
A.S. GRANTS

STATEMEN
T

OF INTENT

If you’re a
 student w

ith the nex
t big resea

rch idea, y
ou may 

be eligible
 for $500-

800 in fun
ding in gra

nts to purs
ue your 

idea! Then
, show o 

your proje
cts to the 

public at t
he A.S. 

Grants Sym
posium du

ring Spring
 Quarter.

ENGINEER
ING

NATURAL 
SCIENCES

ARTS & HU
MANITIES

SOCIAL SC
IENCES

 SWIM  &  DIVE

Tritons Prepare for Season with Exhibition
Three meet records were broken in this year’s Blue and Gold scrimmage races. 

Prefacing its season opener next 
weekend, the UCSD swimming and 
diving team held its annual Blue vs. 
Gold exhibition this past Saturday at 
the Canyonview Aquatic Center. The 
Blue squad, with juniors Colleen Daly 
and Paul Li serving as captains, bested 
seniors Summer Bennett and Jack Gal-
van’s Gold team by a combined final 
score of 286–262.  

The day featured 27 races and two 
springboard diving events, pitting 
Tritons against each other with teams 
pre-drafted earlier in the week by 
each squad’s pair of captains. Despite 
the friendly nature of the intrasquad 
scrimmage, the individual athletes 
were able to break three meet records 
during the exhibition. 

Junior Cole Heale came in at 20.92 
for the men’s 50 freestyle, surpassing 

interim-head coach and five-time na-
tional champion Daniel Perdew (20.95 
in 2007) for the Blue-Gold record.

Blue’s quartet of sophomore Nata-
lie Tang, junior Naomi Thomas and 
seniors Eva Chen and Jaclyn Amog  
broke the women’s 200-medley record 
at 1:47.30, 0.19 seconds faster than the 
previous record set back in 2012.

Triton newcomer and sophomore 
transfer from Grossmont College Mi-
chael Cohn took no time in making 
his impression, breaking the men’s 
150 backstroke record with a time of 
1:22.23, a full 1.5 seconds faster than 
Martin Vanek’s 2010 mark. Junior Alex 
Moshensky also surpassed Vanek’s 
time at 1:22.56, coming in second be-
hind Cohn. 

Freshman Stephanie Sin won three 
individual events for the Blue team to 
lead all Tritons in race victories. The 
Chatsworth native was first in the 800 
freestyle (8:24.09), the 150 backstroke 

(1:35.56) and 400 freestyle (4:06.29).
As usual, the annual Blue vs. Gold 

exhibition offered a glimpse into the 
upcoming season for UCSD. This 
season, the Tritons, who finished fifth 
(women) and seventh (men) at the 
NCAAs last year, will look to new 
leaders with the departure of national 
champions Nicholas Korth and Anji 
Shakya. With impressive showings this 
Saturday from rookies and veterans 
alike, UCSD looks more than capable 
of maintaining its presence on the na-
tional stage. 

The UCSD swimming and diving 
squads will kick off their season this 
Saturday, Oct. 25, hosting Claremont-
Mudd-Scripps at the Canyonview 
Aquatic Center. Events will commence 
at noon. 

BY  bran don yu & dan i el su ng
 sports editor & associate editor

readers can contact

daniel sung   d2sung@ucsd.edu 

UCSD Will Next Face Loyola Marymount

PHOTO BY MEGAN LAO/GUARDIAN

▶ M. WATER POLO, from page 12

readers can contact
Brandon yu   bcyu@ucsd.edu 

brandon  yu   bcyu@ucsd.edu 

@UCSD_Sports

Follow us on



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
crossword

ACROSS 
 1  Sweetheart
 6  Volvo rival
 10 Double agent
 14 Post fresh troops
 15 “M*A*S*H” star
 16 Actor Estrada
 17 Overdo the drama
 18 Welfare
 19 Kidder’s “Superman” role
 20 Patient’s complaint
 23 False name
 24 Thalia’s sister
 25 Hot tub
 27 Climbs on
 31 In the crow’s-nest
 35 Island near Java
 38 Seldom seen
 39 Start of physician’s reply
 42 Hitch
 43 Major following?
 44 Below, poetically
 45 Meal
 47 Thurman of films
 49 Defense grp.
 52 Steps
 57 End of physician’s reply
 60 Icahn or Sagan
 61 1982 Disney flick
 62 Musical exercise piece
 63 Watch face
 64 Aaron or Williams
 65 Song from “West Side 

Story”
 66 Last word in a threat
 67 Dates
 68 __ we a pair?

  

DOWN 
 1  Author Adler
 2  Detroit dud
 3  Exxon rival
 4  Metz morning
 5  Other side’s agent
 6  Cut, as wood
 7  Motrin alternative
 8  Oil-well firefighter Red
 9  Vinegar choice
 10 Capital of Victoria
 11 Dental exam?
 12 Subway route
 13 Squeeze (out)
 21 Rascal
 22 Robert or Lance
 26 Touch against
 28 Granny
 29 Lively pace
 30 Third son
 31 Pre-1991 atlas abbr.
 32 Johnnycake
 33 Snare
 34 Specialized cell structure
 36 ABA member
 37 Stead
 40 Promises to marry
 41 Bete noire
 46 Wok sauce
 48 NYC arena
 50 Nimbi
 51 Certain bee
 53 Perfume from petals
 54 Harden
 55 French sculptor
 56 Elbow grease
 57 Spinnaker or spanker
 58 Historic stretches
 59 Pen fills
 60 B-F connection

FURNITURE
Jazzy Select Elite power wheel chair like 
new - Beautiful Classic Japanese Style 
Large six Drawer Dresser. Solid Mahogany 
Construction. Retails for $1698! 3 to choose 
from! Prices vary. Call for more informa-
tion. Matching Nightstands and Bed also 
available. Delivery Available! Listing ID: 
93339209 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Solid Mahogany Large 6 Drawer Dresser 
- Beautiful Classic Japanese Style Large 
six Drawer Dresser. Solid Mahogany 
Construction. Retails for $1698! 3 to choose 
from! Prices vary. Call for more information. 
Matching Nightstands and Bed also avail-
able. Listing ID: 93339209 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Tall Japanese Style Tower Dresser - Beautiful 
Classic Japanese Style Tower Dresser. Solid 
Mahogany Construction. Retails for over 
$1000! Dresser is in perfect condition. Call 
for more details. Matching Nightstands and 
Bed also available. Listing ID: 93339211 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

SPORTS STUFF
Pool table for sale new felt and accesso-
ries - pool table for sale need to be sold by 
this week comes with everything as in the 
images sorry no balls for info please con-
tact at my cell phone number show contact 
details Listing ID: 93339228 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Ab Glide - I have an Ab Glide that I pur-
chased from Costco for $150.00 and was 
only used about three times before I 
became pregnant and hasn’t been used 
since. I am looking to sell this for $90 obo, 
in perfect condition. Please contact if inter-
ested. Listing ID: 93339227 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Surfboard - 5’4 Real surfboard Attractive 
condition, minor repair on nose. Great 
board, don’t have room for it and I don’t 
use it. 100 bucks. Listing ID: 93339225 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

TICKETS
Slowhand & Who - The Tavern at the Beach 
is a casual and laid back neighborhood bar 
offering a unique atmosphere and experi-
ence with something for everyone. This 
distinguished bar on Pacific Beach’s bus-
tling Garnet Avenue is just moments from 
the ocean and is the ideal place for social 
gatherings and special events as well as 
a sport fanatic’s dream. Here you will find 
great drinks and great people with lots 
of TVs showing sports, surf videos, mov-
ies and more. At night, expect to find a 
packed house, with an eclectic crowd danc-
ing to live DJs spinning urban beats and 
billboard favorites. Listing ID: 93339257 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Desert Suns: Gunner Gunner- Desert Suns 
@ Hard Rock Hotel / MaryJane’s Time and 
bands will be updated. Listing ID: 93339255 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 

information

Josie Day, Wild Rumour, Eddie Raygor- 
We’ve been away away but we’re happy 
to confirm that Wild Rumour is back at 
Pal Joey’s. We missed you guys! Listing ID: 
93339251 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

#UCSDNEWS
#NOFILTERS @ucsdguardian

#FOLLOW US

LECTURE
NOTES

NOW OPEN!
An A.S. enterprise that pays 

student note-takers to take notes 
for a variety of courses. Current 
Notes (note-taker is in the class) 
are sold on a subscription basis 

and are available for pick up every 
Monday morning.

Archive Notes (from a previous 
quarter) are pre-ordered and the 

entire quarter's notes are available in 
a bound packet.

HOURS OF OPERATION
Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm

Occasional Sat: 10am-2pm

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu

Located o
n Level 1 

at the Stu
dent Cent

er



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

MINGUET QUARTET
CONRAD PREBYS MUSIC HALL

THU10.23 • 8pm
Tahrir

CAMPUS
CALENDAR
OCT 20 - OCT 26

2014 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

MON10.20 WED10.22TUE10.21
2pm
HUNGRY FOR HEALTHY - THE ZONE
Come join us for a healthy cooking demonstration 
every Monday led by the Student Health Dietitian or 
Student Health Advocates. After the cooking demo 
is over, you get to taste everything that is made!

4pm
SOCIAL INNOCATION: DOING GOOD BETTER 
SEMINAR - SUN GOD LOUNGE, RED SHOE 
ROOM
This free, non-credit 7 week seminar will teach 
undergraduates and graduate students how to take 
action to solve local and global challenges through 
innovative solutions. Possible topics include 
education, environment and climate change, global 
health , human rights and poverty alleviation.

5pm
FILM SERIES: RELIGION, THE BODY AND EVIL 
- PEPPER CANYON HALL, RM121
Come explore the themes of religion, the body and 
evil through film. Our Fall FIlm Series kicks off with 
a screening of The Omen (1976). Upcoming 
screening will feature the Exorcist, Rosemary’s 
Baby, Constantine or Angel Heart. Each film 
presentation will be followed by an informal 
discussion about the film and its relation to these 
three themes.

5pm
GLOBAL SEMINAR INGO: AMMAN, JORDAN - 
INT’L CENTER, OCEANIDS PAVILION
Come meet Professor Wael Al-Delaimy to learn 
more about how you can spend five weeks abroad 
in Amman, Jordan next summer! Learn about 
Public Health in Amaan. Earn credits and make you 
next summer exciting.

11am
ART AND SOUL - THE ZONE
Get crafty and let your creative juices flow! Enjoy a 
stress-relieving and eco-friendly DIY project every week! 
All workshops are free and supplies are provided by The 
Zone. As space is limited, guests are allowed 
participation on a first come first served basis, so get 
there early to get a spot!

12pm
CESAR E. CHAVEZ SERVICE CLUBS: INTERNSHIP 
INFO SESSION - STUDENT CENTER, 
HUERTA-VERA CRUZ ROOM
CLAH Has Partnered With the Cesar E. Chavez Service 
Clubs, which promote youth leadership through service. 
UCSD students interested can receive credit through AIP. 
Come hear the directors, Linda & Carlos LeGerrette, 
speak about the program. The directors created the 
non-profit organization after having joined the UFW 
movement back in 1966, and experienced first-hand the 
transformative work from community-building. The 
non-profit works with students to teach them leadership 
skills and that they can make a difference! 

2pm
LOVE YOUR BODY DAY - WOMEN’S CENTER, 
STUDENT CENTER WEST
Love Your Body Day is an annual celebration of prositive 
body image and a chance to push back against the 
negative messages we receive about our bodies from the 
media. We’ll have educational displays, crafting, FREE 
massages, food, workshops and fun! Join us for a 
celebration of YOU!

4pm
ENGINEERING ORGANIZATION MIXER - JACOBS 
HALL, RM 2512
Come hear about how the experience in engineering 
orgs can be beneficial to your future internships. Make 
friends with orf officers and enjoy free food

7pm
WARWICK’S AND UCSD BOOKSTORE PRESENTS 
- MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM
The UCSD Bookstore and Warwick’s presents Chuch 
Palahniuk, author of “Beautiful You.” Palahniuk, 
bestselling author of Fight Club, will be discussing his 
new novel at this event in partneship event. Ticket can be 
purchased for admission includes a signed copy of 
“Beautiful You.”

8pm
ARGENTINE TANGO CLUB WEEKLY GUIDED 
PRACTICA - MAIN GYM, WEST BALCONY
Argentine Tango Club presents a guided practica for 
beginners and advanced beginners from 8-9 on 
Wednesdays. No partner is required. No prior experience 
is necessary. FRI10.24

11am
FITNESS ZONE - THE ZONE
Challenge yourself and workout at The Zone with a 
new classes each week led by a certified UCSD 
Recreation Instructor.

12pm
INTERNATIONAL CAFE - INTERNATIONAL 
CENTER PATIO
Every Friday during the academic year, there are 
lunches $5 per person with a vegetarian alternative 
available. Interact with member of the UCSD 
community from all over the world while eating a 
delicious meal.

8pm
ARTPOWER! PRESENTS: SALLY OF THE 
SAWDUST - THE LOFT AT UCSD
This film will be underscored with live music from the 
Teeny-Tiny Pit Orchestra (led by UCSD alumnus Scott 
Paulson of the UC San Diego Library). Under Scott's 
direction, the audience will assist with sound effects 
utilizing everything from an actual slapstick to other 
tools of the trade: Birdcalls! Bulb horns! Ukuleles! 
Musical saw! Orchestral harp!

SUN10.26
7am
ROCK CLIMB MISSION GORGE - OUTBACK 
ADVENTURE RENTAL SHOP
Mission Trails Regional Park is a local hot spot for rock 
climbing only 20 minutes from campus. The climbing 
is excellent with routes for both first time and 
experienced clumbers. Our experienced and supportive 
guides will lead you through a fun and challenging 
profession of climbs throughout the day.

10am
FITSTOP HEALTH ASSESSMENT - THE ZONE, 
PRICE CTR PLAZA
FITstop is a 20-minute free health assessment that 
measures your level of health and fitness compared to 
others in your age group. Four categories are 
measured: 1. Cardiovascular Health 2. Muscular 
Strength & Endurance 3. Body Weight & Composition 
4. Flexibility See where you fall within these categories 
and learn how you can improve your overall health!

10am
FARMERS’ MARKET - TOWN SQUARE
Celebrating 10 years with local farmers and food 
vendors since 2004! The Farmers Market is held every 
Tuesday at 10a-2p between the Student Services Center 
and the Chancellor’s Complex

1pm
EDUCATIONCORPS INFO SESSION - PRICE 
CENTER, STUDENT LEADERSHIP CHAMBERS
Help us fight poverty in just 4 hours a week! Become a 
tutor/mentor for K-12 students at local schools with 
EducationCorps. Our mission is to alleviate poverty in 
San Diego by promoting a college-going culture, better 
attitudes towards school, and increases in academic 
performance in underserved schools in the San Diego 
community. Gain hands-on tutoring experience, develop 
professional skills, meet and network with fellow UC 
San Diego students and staff, and make a lasting 
difference in the community through education. We 
invite you to join us to learn how you can make an 
impact!

5pm
WTCC PRESENTS: MEET THE WARREN 
TRANSFER COMMISSION - EBU III, WARREN 
COMMUTER LOUNGE
Enjoy some FREE In-N-Out burgers and see how you 
can become an active member of The Warren Transfer 
Commuter Commission (WTCC). Learn how to get 
involved in the Warren College community- making a 
difference with Warren's transfers and commuters. This 
event is open to any Warren College transfer, commuter 
or anyone with a heart in making a difference in Warren 
College. Come see what WTCC has in store for this year 
while enjoying delicious burgers from In-N-Out. 

7pm
OUTREACH TRIVIA NIGHTS - HOME PLATE CAFE
FOOD, FACTS, FRIENDS & FUN! Come to Home Plate 
Cafe to meet new people and test your knowledge of 
various trivia categories! Free entry to all UCSD 
students, teams of 4 and prizes for the winning team.

SAT10.25
5pm
THE HELLENIC HERITAGE OF SOUTHERN 
CALIFORNIA - PC THEATRE
The award winning documentary be the Greek Heritage 
Society of Southern California. A 2-hr presentation about 
the early Greek immigrants who settled in the Southern 
California, and the American experience as seen through 
the eyes of first generation Greek-Americans. 

THU10.23
3pm
PASSPORT TO CULTURE - MASSACUSETTS - I 
HOUSE LOUNGES CUZCO/KATHMANDU
Learn about life and culture in other countries and 
states from current international and out-of-state 
students. Enjoy a traditional tastes of food from the 
highlighted region each week! Great for students 
interested in studying aboard.

5pm
‘GOODLUCK: INCOMING STUDENT 
EXHIBITION’ - STRUCTURAL/MATERIALS 
ENGINEERING, RM 201
The Experimental Sculpure and Painting Studio 
(ESPS) present ‘Good Luck’ featuring recent works 
by first year MFA student: Trevor Amery, Michael 
Ano, Seth Ferris, Adela Goldbard, Audrey Hope, 
Morgan Manguley, Amy Reid, Joshua Saunders, 
Patrick Shields and Patricia Zambrano.

6pm
F-WORD FILM SCREENING - WOMEN’S 
CENTER, STUDENT CENTER WEST
Join the Women’s Center for a screening of Obcious 
Child, a film about a twenty-something comedienne 
whose unplanned preganancy forces her to confront 
the realities of independent womanhood for the first 
time. We’ll be discussing comedy, social justice and 
reproductive rights. FREE PIZZA!

8pm
ARTPOWER! PRESENTS: MINGUET QUARTET 
- CONRAD PREBYS MUSIC HALL
One of Europe’s most sought-after quartets, the 
Minguet Quartet takes its name from Pablo Minguet, 
an eighteenth-century Spanish philosopher who tried 
in his writings to make the fine arts accessible to the 
masses. The Quartet aspires to do the same through 
chamber music. “They possess a refinement and 
polish that commands attention and effortlessly 
pleases” (Calgary Herald).



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

No. 6 UCSD Bests No. 18 Cal Baptist 12–9
MEN'S  WATER  POLO 

Tritons suffer from poor shooting but eventually break away from league opponent CBU. 

BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR // PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE

Continuing its perfect league record, the No. 6 UCSD men’s water polo team defeated No. 18 California Baptist University in a closely 
contested 12–9 victory this past Friday at Canyonview 
Aquatics Center. The Tritons improved to 9–8 on the 
season and 4–0 in the Western Water Polo Association. 

 In spite of the win, the Tritons, who only 
recently returned from a strong outing at the SoCal 
Tournament, appeared to struggle more than expected 
to secure the victory. UCSD head coach Denny Harper 
characterized his team’s performance in blunt terms. 

“They acted like they were God’s gift to water polo 
and that this was going to be some sort of easy game,” 
Harper told the UCSD Guardian. “They did not heed 
my or the coaching staff ’s advice all week.”

Playing in front of a packed home crowd, UCSD did 
take a quick 2–0 lead over the Lancers with goals from 
senior utility David Higginson and sophomore driver 
Andy Moore. However, despite the strong start, the 
Tritons soon appeared to slow their pace, as the Lancers 
fired back with three goals of their own to take a 3–2 

advantage and set the tone for a night of constant lead 
changes. 

“They had beaten UC Davis earlier this season, so we 
knew they had some weapons,” senior two-meter player 
Matt Michalko said. “They get a couple counterattacks 
early on, and they make it a ball game. Next time we’ll 
have to come out stronger from the get-go.”

The Tritons would respond with a pair of scores 
from senior utilities Josh Stiling and Luca De Vivo to 
give UCSD a 4–3 lead at the end of the half. 

The third period extended the back-and-forth tempo 
between both squads. Senior utility Lukas Syka tallied 
the first goal of the second half, but the Lancers knotted 
the game up at five with two goals of their own. 

Michalko came through in the clutch late in the third 
quarter, scoring what would be the game-winning goal 
to give the Tritons a 7–6 edge. Michalko would net two 
more goals in the fourth quarter, as UCSD continued to 
fight off the Lancers in the remaining frame. 

See M. WATER POLO, page 11

WOMEN'S  VOLLEYBALL

Tritons Split on the Road in League Play
UCSD suffers bitter defeat to Chico State, bounce back to sweep Cal State Stanislaus.

This past weekend, the UCSD 
women’s volleyball team had mixed 
results on the road with a loss 
against Chico State on Friday and a 
three-set win against Cal State Stan-
islaus on Saturday. UCSD is now 
11–6 overall and 9–4 in Califor-
nia Collegiate Athletic Association 
matches. 

Both nights saw the Tritons out-
block their opponents at the net with 
a season-high 18 total team blocks 
against Chico State and another 
nine at California State Universities. 
Despite success at the net in Chico, 
the Wildcats produced 61 kills to the 
Tritons’ 51 and slipped by with 97 
digs compared to 90 by UCSD. Both 
teams hit under .150, a compound-
ing problem for the Tritons and 
the failure to produce kills allowed 

CSUC to gain the advantage. 
“We blocked well but couldn’t 

get the offense going,” UCSD head 
coach Ricci Luties told the UCSD 
Athletics Department. ”We needed 
some kills that didn’t happen.”

Chico bested the Tritons in 
both of the first two sets, but UCSD 
battled back to draw the five total 
matches. Despite a 17–14 lead in 
the fifth and final set, the Wildcats 
surged their way past the Tritons for 
a 24–22 victory. 

“Chico played us really tough,” 
Luyties said. “We have to play well 
against every team in this confer-
ence in order to get a win.”

UCSD bounced back quickly 
the following night, sweeping CSUS 
in three sets. Junior outside hitter 
Danielle Dahle racked up 12 kills 
and a .357 hit average, leading the 
Tritons to the crucial conference 
victory. In addition to Dahle’s stand-

out night, senior opposite Caitlin 
Brenton recorded eight kills, two 
aces and three block assists. Fresh-
man outside hitter and sophomore 
libero Bailey Turk finished with 14 
digs apiece. 

Collectively, UCSD hit .211 as a 
team and held a 10-dig advantage 
over the Warriors with 43 kills on 
123 attempts. Defensively, the Tri-
tons limited the Warriors to .111 at-
tack percentage. 

UCSD wavered little throughout 
the night, never trailing in the first 
and third sets. The match against the 
Warriors marked the third time in 
four matches that UCSD has swept 
an opponent in three sets.

“We blocked well again tonight,” 
Luyties told the UCSD Athletics 
Department. “The difference from 
our last match was that we kept our 
unforced errors down. It was a solid 
CCAA win on the road.”

With the split weekend, UCSD is 
now tied for third place in the CCAA. 
The Tritons continue road play next 
weekend with matches at Cal State 
Dominguez Hills on Friday, Oct. 24 

and Cal State Los Angeles on Satur-
day, Oct. 25. Both are scheduled to 
start at 7 p.m. 

BY  Jo h n  Story  
Staff Writer

readers can contact
john  story Jstory@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

M. Golf
W. Soccer
M. Soccer

Cross Country
Swim & Dive

  10/20
  10/24
  10/24
  10/25
  10/25

AT Otter Invitational
AT Sonoma State
AT Sonoma State
VS Triton Classic
VS Claremont-Mudd-Scripps

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

UCSD 

CBU

UPCOMING  WATER  POLO  GAMES

10/25 AT LOYOLA MARYMOUNT

10/31 AT UC DAVIS

11/01 AT SANTA CLARA UNIVERSITY

11/06 VS LONG BEACH UNIVERSITY

11/08 VS UC IRVINE

2
1

11

2
2

3
3

5
3




