
A SPRAY OF 
EXPRESSION

Last week, students 
reprised the Graffiti Hill art 
event that was an attempt 
by University Centers to 

create a student art space 
after Graffiti Hall’s closure.

THERE'S  NO  APP  FOR  THAT

STRONG  AT  NATIONALS

silicon  valley's  wage-fixing

track  &  field  at  NCAAs

opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

TUESDAY
H 81 L 63

WEDNESDAY
H 81 L 61

THURSDAY
H 75 L 61

FRIDAY
H 79 L 61

FORECAST

VERBATIM
Mental issues 
are consigned 
to the back 
of the public 
consciousness 
because they 
are easy to conceal and difficult 
to detect under the façade of a 
pleasant demeanor. ”

- Kelvin Noronha
THINKING CAPS

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Engineers ....................... 8
Crossword .................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

“

FeATURES,  PAGE  6

PHOTO BY JOHNATHAN GAO/GUARDIAN

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 57                TUESDAY, MAY 27, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

UNIVERSITY  CENTERS

TRANSPORTATION

Students Vote in Favor of   
Transit Pass Referendum 

Months of speculation ended Friday when the special election results 
showed student support for the fee increase was at nearly 75 percent.

BY  zev  hurwitz  editor in chief

University Centers Advisory 
Board voted to remove the cost of 
Che Cafe repairs from next year’s 
budget in a special meeting on 
Friday, May 23. Whether or not 
the Che Cafe Cooperative will be 
able to operate out of the facility 
without the fire marshal-mandated 
repairs — including renovating the 
restrooms and adding a fire alarm 
and sprinklers system — remains to 
be determined.

Several safety hazards were noted 
in a 2010 report by the UCSD fire 
marshal. UCAB argued that these 
repairs are mandated and that the 
Che Cafe Cooperative can operate 
out of Porter’s Pub until the repairs 
are completed. However, members 
of the Che Cafe Cooperative contest 
that the repairs are recommended 
and that it is University Centers’ 
obligation to complete them. 
Ultimately, the co-operative believes 
that UCAB is using these repairs 
as an excuse to “get rid of ” the Che 
Cafe.

During Friday’s meeting, 
UCAB went into executive session, 
prohibiting members of the public 
from hearing the discussion leading 
to their decision. Prior to executive 
session UCAB allowed the public, 
limited to UCSD students and 
alumni, to speak for 20 minutes. 

After roughly an hour of 
deliberation, the UCAB motion 
to remove Che repairs from the 
budget was passed by a 9 to 4 vote. 
Although the motion was passed, 
administrators will make the final 
decision.

Additionally, a motion to create 
a committee to discuss all options 
concerning the Che Cafe’s future by 
June 3 was also passed with an almost 
unanimous vote count. Additionally, 
the budget itself was passed by a vote 
of 11 to 1, with 2 members of UCAB 
abstaining.

According to A.S. Council proxy 
Jesse Qin, the relocation of the Che 
Cafe is temporary.

“The whole plan is that the Che 
Cafe will temporarily be relocated 
until there is enough money to deal 
with the maintenance of it,” Qin said.

Former A.S. proxy JJ Ma said 
the redaction of the Che Cafe is to 
augment the UCAB reserves.

“I think the ultimate goal is to 
build up those reserves again,” Ma 
said. “I figure that the temporary 
relocation is just for this next fiscal 
year.”

According to Che Cafe principal 
member Davide Carpano, even 
one year away from the venue has 
implications for the co-operative’s 
ability to do business.

“Once a place where shows 
exist closes for a year, you lose your 
contacts and volunteers, and your 
community gets destroyed,” Carpano 

Che Repairs 
Taken Out 
of  UCAB 
2015 Budget

BY   Gabri ella  Fleisch man
News Editor

by ti na buto i u
staff writer

UCSD student fees will increase by nearly $50 per quarter for the 2014–2015 school year following the 
passage of the transportation referendum on 
Friday, May 23. 

The results, revealed at Round Table 
Pizza on Friday afternoon, come after a 
week of voting and advocacy on both the 
supporting and opposing sides of the issue. 

A.S. Council released the special election 
results online, revealing that the student 
body passed the referendum with 4,867 
“yes” votes and 1,780 “no” votes. The 
24.58-percent voter turnout surpassed the 
20-percent threshold needed to validate 
referendum results.

Beginning in Fall Quarter 2014, every 
graduate and undergraduate student will 
receive a Regional Transit Pass, which will 
allow for unlimited rides on all Metropolitan 
Transit System buses and light rails as well 
as all services offered by the North County 
Transit System, except rural and premium 
routes. Fees are set to rise by $49.96 each 
quarter with a 1.5-percent annual increase 
to accommodate inflation, according to the 
official text of the referendum.

“I feel very excited that students got the 
outcome they voted for,” ASUCSD MOVES 

Director Kyle Heiskala said. “I’m excited to 
see what the long-range effects will be. This 
opens up San Diego in a way it hasn’t for 
students before.”

As a mandate of all student fee increases, 
29 percent of the new fee’s revenue will be 
returned to financial aid. The remaining 
71 percent will go toward the purchase 
of the Transit Passes for all graduate and 
undergraduate students and to operate a new 
Student Transportation Advisory Committee. 
This committee will allocate any remaining 
funds to additional transportation projects 
and influence transportation decisions.

“Forming the STAC will be the biggest next 
step,” Heiskala said. “We need to get students 
involved and make an effective committee.”

Heiskala also said there is other work 
that needs to be done to make sure the 
changes are implemented smoothly, such as 
transitioning to ID card technology instead 
of bus stickers. He said that he will probably 
remain very involved in the process.

Eleanor Roosevelt College had the 
highest voter turnout, with 28.29 percent, 
and Earl Warren College had the lowest 
voter turnout: 25.77 percent.

Additional reporting by Gabriella 
Fleischman. 

readers can contact
gabriella  fleischman   gfleisch@ucsd.edu 

10055 810055 8
Sun God Festival 2014 Crime Log

Alcohol-Related
Incidents

Hospitalizations

j
jj3

Marijuana 
Related 

Incidents

3
15 Total Arrests

4  2  1
Controlled
Substance

Cases
Narcotic

Cases
Cases of
Battery

10  5

Under
 21

Over 21

6

9

Students Sent
to Detox

See CHE CAFE, page 3

INFOGRAPHIC REPORTING BY GABRIELLA FLEISCHMAN  INFOGRAPHIC BY DOROTHY VAN 

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Copy Chalupa.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa

Copy Readers
Clara Chao, Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Emily Bender, Rosina Garcia, Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker

UCSD Jacobs School of 
Engineering professor Anouchka 
Mihaylova died in a hit-and-run 
car accident in the 11800 block 
of Rancho Bernando Road around 
8:30 p.m. on Saturday, May 17.

Mihaylova was a department of 
bioengineering project scientist and 
a member of the Cardiac Mechanics 
Research Group  in the Jacobs 
School of Engineering for almost 
15 years, according to the UCSD 
bioengineering department website. 
According to UCSD News Center, 
she was a key investigator National 
Biomedical Computation Research.

Boian Spassov, Mihaylova’s son, 
told NBC 7 San Diego that the 

62-year-old was killed while she was 
walking to her favorite restaurant 
with her husband. The San Diego 
Police Department reported that a 
silver vehicle struck Mihaylova after 
driving into the curb and drove off 
without stopping.

Police speculate that the vehicle 
was a silver or pewter 2005 or 2006 
Nissan Altima with a damaged front 
end and missing passenger side 
mirror. At press time, the responsible 
party had not turned themselves in.

Chancellor Pradeep K. Khosla 
released a statement through the 
UCSD News Center on Monday 
afternoon offering the university’s 
condolences to the families 
and friends of the deceased for 
Mihaylova, as well as Ricardo 
Ambriz, a Revelle student, who also 
died on Saturday.

“[Mihaylova] made seminal 
contributions to her field and was 
an admired and revered mentor to 
postdoctoral researchers, graduate 
and undergraduate students,” 
Khosla said.

Bioengineering professor Andrew 
D. McCulloch and chair Geert W. 
Schmid-Schonbein sent an email to 
the department on Monday afternoon 
regarding the loss of their colleague, 
mentioning the contributions 
Mihaylova had made to her field.

“Anouchka is survived by her 
husband and son, to whom we 
extend our heartfelt sympathies, 
thoughts and prayers at this time 
of their terribly sudden and tragic 
loss,” the email said.

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

MIGHTY MOUSE By Rebekah Dyer

CAMPUS

UCSD Mathematical Biophysicist Anouchka 
Mihaylova Killed in a Hit-and-Run Accident
Sixty-two-year-old Mihaylova was struck by a car on Saturday, May 17 around 8:30 p.m.

Corrections
The May 15 editorial 
“In the Red,” mentioned 
that according to the 
University Centers 
Advisory Board, the 
Che Cafe was under 
risk of closure from the 
fire marshal over safety 
concerns. While we 
maintain the accuracy of 
the statement, it should 
be noted that according 
to documentation, the 
fire marshal made only 
“recommendation” to 
rectify several safety 
issues and that there is 
contention between UCAB 
and Cafe management 
over what this means for 
the venue.  

The Guardian corrects 
all errors brought to the 
attention of the editor. 
Corrections can be sent to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org. 

BY  lau ren  koa
managing  editor

readers can contact
lauren  koa   lkoa@ucsd.edu 



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

said. “Even if they were to give the 
funding back, which I don’t think 
they will, you lose that.”

Carpano also mentioned that the 
Che Cafe Cooperative was expecting 
this vote and that his strategy from 

now on will focus on why they should 
remain in the Che Cafe building.

“Our resources have mainly been 
pertaining to the budget and why 
we should remain in the budget,” 
Carpano said. “Now the resources 
will shift gears to focus on why the 
documents are showing us why we 

don’t need to leave the space.”  
Che Cafe Cooperative’s legal 

counsel Andrea Carter said that the 
co-operative may take legal action if 
the university does not allow them to 
occupy the Che Cafe facility.

University of California Undergraduate Experience Survey

SURVEY
2014

UNDERGRADUATES - TELL US ABOUT LIFE
AT UC SAN DIEGO AND WIN BIG PRIZES

It's easy.
It takes only 20-25 minutes!

Take the UC Undergraduate 
Experience Survey 2014. 
Make a di�erence, 
and get a chance to win great prizes.

ucues.ucsd.edu

UC Undergraduate Experience Survey
UCSD Student Research and Information Office

45 VISA gift cards 
valued at $50.00 each
2 Apple iPad Minis

Participate and win.

Tell us how you see it!             
Look for your official email,
or go directly to:

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.
Friday, May 16
Over 100 reported drug and alcohol 
intoxication incidents throughout 
campus. See infographic, page 1. 

Saturday, May 17
5:17 a.m.: Medical Aid
A subject in the Village West felt 
jittery and sweaty and claimed to 
have been drugged. Transported to 
hospital. 

Sunday, May 18
1:53 a.m.: Disturbance
An unwanted guest refused to leave 
Brennan Hall when asked to by 
residents. Checks OK.
10:30 a.m.: Assist Other Agency
San Diego Police searched for a 
subject who set two small fires on 
UC property. Closed by adult arrest.
8:02 p.m.: Medical Aid
A subject was possibly having 
a seizure in Geisel Library. 
Transported to hospital. 

Monday, May 19
12:30 a.m.: Suicide Attempt
A subject texted suicidal threats to 
a friend in the Revelle Apartments. 
Transported to hospital for 
evaluation.

1:23 a.m.: Sexual Battery
A subject slapped the victim on her 
behind and ran off near Goody’s. 
Report taken.
9:25 a.m.: Citizen Contact
Drug paraphernalia was found near 
the Hopkins Parking Structure 
and turned into the UCSD Police 
Department. Information only.
12:58 p.m.: Medical Aid
A subject experienced chest pains 
in York Hall. Transported to Student 
Health. 

Tuesday, May 20
11:17 a.m.: Medical Aid
A subject lost consciousness on a 
shuttle bus near the Mandeville 
Center stop. Transported to hospital.
12:49 p.m.: Fraud
The bioengineering department 
was given a counterfeit check. 
Information only.
 
Wednesday, May 21
1:19 p.m.: Suspicious Vehicle
A vehicle has been parked for two 
weeks in Lot 705. Information only. 

– ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER 

@UCSDGUARDIAN

Six people were killed and 13 
others were injured and hospitalized 
in the mass murder rampage carried 
out by Elliot Rodger in Isla Vista, 
near UC Santa Barbara, on Friday, 
March 24 around 9:30 p.m.

NBC News reported that Rodger 
is the son of Hollywood director 
Peter Rodger and a student at 
Santa Barbara Community College. 
Rodger drove through the streets of 
Isla Vista and opened fire into a 
crowd of people, targeting women 
specifically. Three victims murdered 
near the Alpha Phi Sorority house 
were 22-year-old Katherine Breann 
Cooper of Chino Hills, 19-year-old 
Veronika Weiss of Westlake Village 

and 20-year-old Christopher Ross 
Michaels-Martinez of Los Osos. 

In a YouTube video Rodger 
posted the day before, Rodger said 
that he was a 22-year-old virgin 
and wanted to punish women for 
rejecting him his whole life. He 
possibly suffered from a mental 
disorder and family members had 
expressed concern over other videos 
he had previously posted.

Prior to leaving his apartment to 
commit the murders in Isla Vista, 
Rodger stabbed and killed three of 
his male roommates as well. Rodger 
eventually crashed and was found 
dead later that night.

University of California 
President Janet Napolitano made a 
formal statement on May 24 about 
the shooting.

“Our thoughts and prayers go 
out to the victims of this tragedy,” 
Napolitano said. “University 
officials have set up a room for 
families who are coming to campus 
and are making counseling services 
available to any students, faculty 
and staff who need our support.” 

The UCSD Women’s Center 
and student organizers hosted a 
candlelight vigil on Monday, May 
26 at 8 p.m. in honor of the lives 
that were taken last Friday and the 
deaths of UCSD members Ricky 
Ambriz and Anouchka Mihaylova. 
Participants met in front of Geisel 
Library and walked to Revelle Plaza. 
Anyone was permitted to attend. 
 
 

UC  SYSTEM

Student Opens Fire Near UC Santa Barbara
A candelight vigil was held on Monday night in honor of the six students who died 
and the recently deceased UCSD members Ricky Ambriza and Anouchka Mihaylova. 

BY   m eryl  press
staff writer

readers can contact

meryl  press     mpress@ucsd.edu 

Che Supporters May Take Legal Action if  Barred From Cafe
▶ CHE CAFE, from page 1

readers can contact
gabriella  fleischman     gfleisch@ucsd.edu 

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW  US ON TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM
FOR NEWS UPDATES AND GIVEAWAYS



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Engineering is rightly touted as among the most profitable of college majors in the long run. According to the Wall Street Journal, in 2012, the average salary for all employees 
in the Silicon Valley averaged over $100,000. Given the Silicon 
Valley’s reputation as a new land of opportunity for those willing 
to brave the rigors of college math and science, we are predis-
posed towards thinking that the tech industry breaks the stereo-
types of ruthlessness set by the modern corporation.

Last January saw a lifting of this veil of wishful thinking. A 
Department of Justice antitrust investigation discovered that 
over the late 2000s, the CEOs of Apple, Google, Intel, Adobe 
and numerous other tech firms based in the Silicon Valley were 
responsible for colluding with the intent of lowering wages 
industry-round by agreeing not to compete in each other’s 
employee recruitment processes. This caused employees to lose 
nearly $9 billion in salary. While the six-figure paychecks in the 
Silicon Valley are still nothing to sneeze at, the mere fact that 
this money was effectively stolen from employees to increase 
company earnings, which in the case of Google last year sur-
passed $50 billion, is outrageous.

The driving force of entry into the tech industry is driven by 
two convictions: that America as a nation has a dearth of stu-
dents willing to major in STEM fields and that the only way to 
guarantee job security post-recession is to take advantage of this 

supposed need. These concerns are highly exaggerated and are 
propagated by these industries for the same reasons that drove 
their wage-fixing efforts. In actuality, the unemployment rate for 
workers in the Silicon Valley increased after the recession, and for 
every job opening for a technically skilled worker, there are cur-
rently three qualified but unemployed. On top of this, approxi-
mately 40 percent of all research and development worldwide 
takes place in the U.S., and a third of all qualified researchers and 
engineers are employed in the U.S. This is also not without prec-
edent in the U.S. technology sector. In his book “Falling Behind?,” 
Alfred P. Sloan Foundation demographer Michael Teitelbaum 
notes that government alarm over the supposed lack of qualified 
scientists has occurred numerous times since World War II, from 
the anxiety generated by the launch of the Soviet Sputnik, to the 
more recent crash perpetrated by careless venture capital invest-
ment in the high-tech industry. In every case, demand was met by 
a glut of qualified workers, followed shortly after by an economic 
bust. So why does the tech industry continue to fearmonger?

Perhaps unsurprisingly, it turns out to have a lot to do with 
maximizing profit. The idea that the nation lacks these workers 
pressures Congress to issue more of a specific type of work visa, 
known as an H-1B, which requires sponsorship from an employer 
and will only grant residency under employment. Already 
500,000 of these workers presently reside in the U.S. Not only 

Technically   

See WAGES, page 5

You Can’t 
Afford to
Suppress
Emotion

As a youngster, I was always reminded never to go to sleep angry. Pent-up emo-
tions and simmering rage, as I was 
told, would sink into our minds 
and contaminate our thoughts, 
whether we noticed it or not. 
Similar to how we sleep on new 
information to better absorb it, fol-
lowing up an episode of anger with 
slumber only it. And when these 
emotions later get the better of us, 
we tend to plunge into unfocused 
rage and lose sight of what really 
matters. We focus solely on our-
selves and blow our trivial prob-
lems out of proportion.

This is partially a function of 
how deeply immersed we are in our 
own interests. When consumed by 
despair, it is nearly impossible to 
think about anyone but ourselves. 
But having the composure to step 
back and think about how minor 
our issues are in the context of a 
world of seven billion people can 
almost instantly rid us of misplaced 
dissatisfaction. We can tackle 
harmful emotions at the source 
by considering everything we are 
fortunate to have and realizing that 
there’s no need to get all antago-
nized in the first place.

This is not to say by any means 
that internal emotional trauma, 
should it arise, can just be bottled 
up — in fact, this is shockingly 
harmful. If contentious issues 
in a relationship, for example, 
are repressed and smothered, it 
could lead to uncontrollable out-
bursts later when a tipping point 
is reached. Moreover, trying to 
gloss over problems takes a toll on 
physical and mental health. A study 
from the Harvard School of Public 
Health noted that among nearly 
800 subjects, those who indicated 
in a survey that they did not prop-
erly vent their feelings were 35 per-
cent more likely to die prematurely 
due to stress-related factors.

While it is important to con-
textualize many of our problems to 
understand how petty they are and 
avoid emotional distress altogether, 
part of the problem is that it is 
worryingly easy to dismiss mental 
issues as a sign of weakness and 
try to “get over it.” All too often, 
our feelings are side-lined, as they 
are too abstract to really elicit any 
kind of concern. Mental problems 
are consigned to the back of the 
public consciousness because they 
are easy to conceal and difficult to 
detect under the façade of a pleas-
ant demeanor.

It is crucial that we are able to 
keep a finger on our own emo-
tional pulse and make sure that 
we don’t succumb to our sadness 
or unduly suppress it. And should 
we detect it, we need to be able 
to properly ventilate accumulated 
stress — not by punching stuff 
and snapping at our friends but by 
acknowledging the problems that 
we have difficulty coping with and 
solving them.

If we can’t successfully avoid 
the emotional fallout of our issues, 
we need to be able to confront our 
feelings. Although venting them 
to others may not seem “classy,” 
verbalizing them is the only way to 
realize for ourselves that, at the end 
of the day, only we know what goes 
on in our heads.

Recent events in the technology industry 
should warn future employees that 

Silicon Valley corporations are not as 
perfect as they seem. 

It is undoubtedly important to inform people 
about breast cancer. After all, according to the 
American Cancer Society, it is one of the most 
fatal cancerous diseases among women, second 
only to lung cancer. However, with all the pub-
licity that breast cancer gets — there’s even an 
entire month dedicated to it — other equally fatal 
cancers deserve the same, if not more, attention 
and money for research.  

The National Cancer Institute’s statistics state 
that the chance of survival five years after being 
diagnosed with breast cancer is 89.2 percent, 
compared to the 6.7 percent survival rate for 
pancreatic cancer. These dismal statistics indi-
cate the need for more research on cures and 
preventive measures for other comparatively 
low-profile cancers. People should be more con-
cerned with promoting and raising money for 
these more lethal cancers instead of one with 
proven high remission rates. 

Many products sport a little pink ribbon with 
manufacturers claiming that a portion of the 
profit will fund breast cancer research. A report 
by oncologist David Chan shows that over twice 
as much is spent on breast cancer than any other 
cancer, going on to note that “we haven’t spent 
our money wisely.” 

According to a CNN Health report, stud-
ies have predicted that lung, pancreas and liver 
cancers will be the most deadly cancers in the 
near future. While it is still important to donate 
to a worthy cause like breast cancer awareness, 
it is important to make sure that the research of 
other deadly diseases is not deterred by a narrow 
focus on breast cancer.                    

— ROSINA GARCIA
Contributing Writer

Breast Cancer Awareness Efforts 
Should be a Model for All Diseases

“Pink” Cancer Movement Has 
Become Shamefully Commercialized

Other Lethal Forms of  Cancer 
Deserve More Attention and Publicity

The fight against breast cancer is a noble one, 
but it is one many companies are scrambling 
to promote for the wrong reasons. By exploit-
ing consumers’ inclinations to buy merchandise 
advertised to fund cancer research, companies 
are commercializing breast cancer, turning the 
struggle of many diagnosed into a dirty means 
of profiteering.

Many companies, such as Reebok and the NFL, 
sell pink-marked items, indicating that proceeds go 
toward cancer research; however, according to the 
organization Breast Cancer Action, companies can 
place a “cap” on their maximum donations with-
out consumer knowledge and can choose to profit 
from people’s desire to do good rather than help 
— beyond a minimum effort — to fight the disease. 
Although consumers believe their money will go 
toward cancer research organizations, most of the 
money they donate through these products is lost to 
corporations that don’t need it, rather than given to 
organizations that do. According to Darren Rovell 
of ESPN, the NFL only donates a paltry 8 percent of 
the proceeds from pink NFL merchandise to cancer 
research; the rest goes to the manufacturers and, 
unsurprisingly, the NFL.

Although consumers may have good inten-
tions when opting to purchase pink-ribboned 
merchandise, direct donations to the medical 
organizations would far better benefit cancer 
research. The very organizations people are try-
ing to help by buying pink products are the ones 
getting hurt, and the same companies that claim 
to support breast cancer research are the ones at 
fault, exploiting the disease and the people fight-
ing it off solely for ill-gotten profit.

—  WAVERLY TSENG
Contributing Writer

The use of the Susan G. Komen symbol on 
various products has created a fear of the moneti-
zation of the fight against cancer, labeled “pink-
washing.” Skeptics believe that the campaign has 
lost its original focus, relegated to nothing more 
than a marketing technique. But really, its ubiquity 
is a sign of progress. Awareness of prevention tech-
niques and concern is growing, precisely the inten-
tion of the campaign. 

Much of the concern stems from manipulative 
advertising, as if the main incentive for consum-
ers to purchase products is solely for donating to 
a cause. In reality, individuals were likely going to 
buy the product already. When KFC introduced 
pink-themed buckets in 2010, many disapproved of 
an establishment that contributed to obesity, one of 
the many causes of cancer, promoting awareness. 
But even leading cancer researcher Olufunmilayo 
Olopade saw the benefits of the partnership, 
acknowledging that it has prompted some of her 
patients to seek cancer screenings. 

Even though it seems hypocritical, the fact that 
the symbol has penetrated many facets of everyday 
life means that more and more women are being 
reminded to check on their health and ensure lon-
gevity. It is these marketing efforts that yield $55 
million a year for the Komen Foundation.

Products associated with pink ribbons allow 
customers to align their daily purchases with an 
ability to help. It is not supposed to serve as the 
sole justification for purchase. Given that cancer 
death rates have dropped 34 percent since the 
inception of the symbol, it would seem that the rib-
bon and its color are serving their original purpose 
of spreading awareness.

— DEREK UNG 
Staff Writer

QUICK TAKES ACCORDING TO THE NEW YORK TIMES, BREAST CANCER RECEIVES THE MOST RESEARCH FUNDING OF ANY DISEASE;AS A RESULT, RESEARCH AND AWARENESS OF OTHER LETHAL DISEASES HAVE TAKEN A BACKSEAT.

Kelvi n  Noron ha  
knoronha@ucsd.edu

Thinking Caps

BY JOSEPH   COFFEY  contributing writer
illustration   by   elyse yang

Imprisoned



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

does this pressure foreign students to 
take lower salaries than they would 
be owed, but by extension, it also 
forces down the wages of domestic 
students who are forced to compete 
for wages with foreign workers tak-
ing sub-standard offers. With this 
influx of foreign workers competing 
with an already engorged domestic 
labor pool, unemployment rates rise 
in turn, hardly creating the opportu-
nity these companies claim to foster. 
Much of what was normally to be 
paid to employees, then, is free to 
enrich the company executives. This 
only feeds into a growing income 
inequality in the U.S., which accord-
ing to a recent Bloomberg Rankings 

survey has fallen below Britain and 
most other “developed” Western 
countries according to the Gini coef-
ficient, or distribution of incomes 
across population.

Although this particular 
instance of collusion has been par-
tially resolved in court, recent alle-
gations toward eBay’s shady wage 
practices should dispel the notion 
that any business should be exempt 
from scrutiny. It also demonstrates 
that exploitation exists wherever 
there is employment, even amongst 
the highest wage earners in 
America. To turn a blind eye to this 
phenomenon by labeling it as an 
instance of the rich stealing from 
the rich is to admit that wage-fixing 
is right, or at least not unjustifi-

able, in certain circumstances. This 
kind of perspective is harmful to all 
workers’ rights movements and dis-
couraging to any efforts that might 
have been made earlier to right 
these wrongs. Any student of math, 
science or engineering should be as 
aware of their fields as any student 
of the arts, humanities and social 
sciences and should not be fooled 
by the notion that their employ-
ment prospects are completely in 
their control or that the companies 
that employ them are as merito-
cratic as they claim. According 
to some, anyway, companies are 
people too.

110 MEDICAL SCHOOLS
30 PHARMACY SCHOOLS
30 DENTISTRY SCHOOLS
25 NURSING SCHOOLS

25 PUBLIC HEALTH SCHOOLS

15 VETERINARY SCHOOLS
25 GRADUATE SCHOOLS

15 PA SCHOOLS
10 PHYSICAL THERAPY PROG.

10 OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY PROG.

CONFERENCE WILL INCLUDE:  

Registration, Transportation, & Housing Packages from UCSD Available For Under $100

Join us at the largest Pre-Medical & Pre-Health Conference in the Nation!

UCDPREHEALTH.ORG

WHY SHOULD I ATTEND?
Meet over 1200 Admissions and Health Professionals
Over 300 Workshops

Excellent Networking Opportunity
Deans of Admission Panels and Q&A

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear Editor,
Naomi Klein succinctly 

describes the way in which neo-
liberal capitalism has functioned 
through crisis in order to cement 
itself as the hegemonic economic 
ideology, “waiting for a major 
crisis, then selling off pieces of 
the state to private players while 
citizens were still reeling from the 
shock, then quickly making the 
‘reforms’ permanent.” If one were 
to perform a deeper analysis than 
the one that was done in recent 
editorials, one would quickly see 
the parallels between the UCAB’s 
permanent budget crisis and crisis 
capitalism. 

In fiscal year 2008–09 UCAB, 
experiencing a budget crisis, 
brought in multiple corporate ven-
dors under the guise of increasing 
revenue. The following two years, 
the UCAB provided subsidies for 
these corporate interests by not 
opening new developments with 
which they would have to compete. 
Fiscal year 2011¬–12 and fiscal 
year 2012–13 saw UCAB adopt a 
slew of “revenue increasing” mea-
sures along with simultaneous cuts 
to vital student services, the most 
contentious of which was the line 
item cut of the Craft Center from 
their budget (with the promise to 
reinstate funding once revenue was 
increased). This past year, UCAB 
chose not to reinstate funding for 
the Craft Center, “quickly making 
the ‘reforms’ permanent.” Finally, 
despite large student resistance, 
they violated UCSD’s fair trade 
policy in order to allow Starbucks 
to enter our campus.

After all of this, one would 
think that UCAB had finally man-
aged to fix their budget. But they 

have not. And now they are going 
after the Che Cafe, paralleling what 
they have already done to the Craft 
Center. What we have before us is, 
as put by Professor Thorpe, “... a 
corporate model of top-down man-
agement, at odds with the concep-
tion of the University as a public 
sphere.” This is the shock doctrine. 
And it is fueled by lies. 

The struggle that the Che Cafe 
experiences today is a struggle com-
mon to many: from the students 
involved with the Craft Center, to 
those fighting for the integrity and 
enforcement of a student-built fair 
trade policy. This struggle is also 
global: from the student movement 
in Quebec, to that in Chile, students 
around the world are fighting against 
the privatization and corporatization 
of their education.

I encourage each and every per-
son to think hard about what they 
want their university to look like 
in 10 years. Rather than assuming 
that we at the Che are irresponsible 
and suck student fees, question the 
legitimacy of a University Centers 
policy that systematically disfavors 
the student cooperatives while 
catering to the needs of on-campus 
corporate interests. The Che takes 
no student fee money.  All we 
have ever asked for is the build-
ing maintenance that we are owed 
under our lease agreement. While 
I understand that many people do 
not use the Che, the reality is that 
there are many spaces on campus 
that the vast majority of students 
do not use. This does not take away 
from their importance. Spaces such 
as they Che are necessary on our 
campus, functioning as a safe haven 
for those of us who don’t fit into 
UCSD’s dominant culture, and we 
are not few.

— Davide Carpano
Senior, Thurgood Marshall College

University Centers Favors 
Capitalism over Students

SOLVE FOR X By Philip Jia

Companies Collude and Manipulate Employees to Reap Profits

readers can contact
Joseph  Coffey  jcoffey@ucsd.edu 

▶ WAGES, from page 4



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

 

TMC 198: TMC/CREATE PARTNERSHIP SCHOOLS PROGRAM 

ERC 89: ERC/CREATE MATH TUTOR CORPS    

EDS 198: COLLEGE ACADEMIC MENTORING PROGRAM (CAMP) 

 

Give Back, Earn Credit 
SECONDARY SCHOOL MENTORING + TUTORING PROGRAMS Open to ALL UCSD students | Transportation will be available To learn more about each program, visit:  http://create.ucsd.edu/opportunities 

Promote college access by serving as a mentor to local high school students. Gain tools and training 
through a weekly seminar.  

Contact: Indira Esparza at inesparz@ucsd.edu 

Support academic achievement by providing math tutoring to students at Lincoln High School. Gain 
training by veteran math educators through a bi-weekly seminar.  

Contact: Jacqueline Guan at j1guan@ucsd.edu 

Serve as tutors, mentors, and positive role models to first-generation college-bound youth at UCSD  
partnership charter schools: The Preuss School and Gompers Preparatory Academy.  

Contact: Brianna Nelson bnelson@ucsd.edu  

THE GUARDIAN’S
STUDENT
SURVIVAL
GUIDE
IS BACK

COMING FALL QUARTER
Reserve your ad space today at 

ads@ucsdguardian.org

University of California 
Washington Center students 
participated in a protest demanding 
UC President Janet Napolitano to be 
more accountable and transparent 
by creating chancellor hours and 
having open dialogue with students. 
The protest took place on May 19 
at a networking reception at the UC 
Washington Center in Washington, 
D.C. in response to her refusal to meet 
with UCDC students both before and 
after the event.

UCSD student Jenny Park attended 
the protest and told the UCSD 
Guardian that UCDC students were 
unhappy that Napolitano had made 
the reception an alumni-only event 
and consequently limited her access to 
current students. The other students 
also disliked that Napolitano would 
only be taking screened questions 
at the event, which the majority of 
UCDC students could not attend. 
Students then petitioned her to speak 
with them for 30 minutes either before 

or after the event, which she declined. 
“She flat out refused both requests, 

further making students feel ignored 
and actively avoided,” Park said. “It 
made a lot of students question if she 
really cares about student concerns.”

According to Park, a student-led 
meeting was held before the reception 
to decide how the protest would be 
executed. The protesters complied 
with the building’s rules and security 
in order to maintain credibility and 
avoid being asked to leave. 

“They started their protest on the 
spiral staircase that connects the first 
and second floor as it was open and 
visible,” Park said. “When they arrived, 
security guards roped off the open 
staircase to remove the protesters from 
that floor.”

The protesters then regrouped in 
the lobby, where an area was roped 
off for the protest. Though they were 
not allowed inside the reception, 
the television screens in the lobby 
broadcasted the event. After the 
reception ended, the protesters 
reconvened outside of the building. 

UCDC Executive Director Helen 
Shapiro came outside to address 

the protesters and their claim about 
Napolitano’s lack of transparency. 
Shapiro said that Napolitano “is not 
unwilling to meet with students” but 
could not meet with students due to 
her busy schedule, including a trip 
the day after the protest. Napolitano 
went on a trip to Mexico regarding the 
creation of student exchange program 
with the National Autonomous 
University of Mexico.

In the flier that the protesters 
created, students claimed that since 
becoming president of the UC system, 
Napolitano has failed to both meet and 
initiate dialogue with students. 

Protesters demanded that all 
future UC presidents be elected 
by both students and faculty. 
Additionally, they stipulated the 
individual must have an extensive and 
positive background in education, 
goals towards completely eliminating 
debt through full subsidization,, 
and roots and experience with 
communities in California and 
support for programs that serve 
underrepresented communities.

The demands also included 
restructuring of the process by which 

the UC system makes its decisions. 
Changes would include a campuswide 
election for all future UC regents, 
giving students the power to impeach 
both UC presidents and regents and a 
general democratization of the regents 
to include true participation by the 
students and faculty in the central 
decision-making processes.

The organizers of the protest 
urged students to call, fax or email 
Napolitano’s office to demand that 

she take more time to meet with 
concerned UC students. Their 
primary means of spreading word 
about this movement, which demands 
a more transparent administration 
and less privatization of the public 
UC system, has been through the 
Facebook event and Twitter trend, 
#doUCaccountability.

UC  SYSTEM

UC Washington Center Students Statge Protest Against President Napolitano 
University of California head Janet Napolitano reportedly declined to meet with students before or after a recent presentation in Washington, D.C.

▶ Oved Nomination:
UCLA junior Abraham Oved was 

nominated as the 41st UC student 
regent at a University of California 
Board of Regents special committee 
on Thursday, May 22. The Board 
is set to meet and vote on the 
recommendation in July. Oved will 
serve as student-regent designate if 
the nomination is approved and will 
not be able to vote on deliberations 
until July 2015. Until then, current 
student-regent designate and UC 
Berkeley student Sadia Saifudden 
would be collaborating with Oved 
on student–centered issues. She has 
voiced support for the nominee, 
calling him an “enthusiastic and 
capable leader, and an avid learner.” 
Oved has stated he wishes to focus 
on the state’s support for higher 
education, sexual violence on 
campuses and campus climate issues. 

“I want to work with students 
on the ground,” Oved said. “That 
should be the focus of this position: 
empowering students and giving them 
the resources they need to be heard.” 

Oved is finishing his third year at 
UCLA, majoring in economics and 
minoring in global studies. 

▶ Rady Funding:
Local philanthropist and UCSD 

supporter Ernest Rady has donated 
a $1 million gift to the UCSD Rady 
School of Management. The school 
announced the donation on May 19, 
along with the information that it 
would be used to fund fellowships for 
outstanding MBA students. Rady had 
pledged to match 1 dollar for every 60 
cents raised by the school in support of 
fellowships, up to $1 million.

“Without these fellowships, this 
type of student recruitment would 
not be possible,” said Rady School 
Dean Robert S. Sullivan. “Attracting 
an even greater number of talented 
students to the Rady School enhances 
the learning experience and success 
of all of our students.”

The fellowships are also 
believed to help students better 
take advantage of internship 
opportunities presented through the 
school by marginally reducing the 
financial burden of the program. 

“[Ernest Rady’s] ongoing 
commitment to making the Rady 
School one of the best business schools 
in the world demonstrates his passion 
for higher education and developing 

a new generation of leaders,” UCSD 
Chancellor Pradeep K. Khosla said.

Ernest Rady serves as exxecutive 
chairman for the Board of American 
Assets Trust and is the founder 
of successful companies such as 
Insurance Company of the West, 
Irvine-based Westcorp Inc. and 
Western Financial Bank. 

▶ Kamil Gallery Renaming:
The Mandeville Center Gallery 

Annex has been named the Adam 
D. Kamil Gallery as of May 22 in 
remembrance of the late visual arts 
student and filmmaker. The naming of 
the gallery comes in light of the Kamil 
family’s $150,000 gift contribution 
to the Adam Douglas Kamil Media 
Awards, which the family established 
in 2009 after their son’s death. The 
ceremony premiered over 30 UC 
student films and was held at the new 
gallery on May 8.

The theme of the awards ceremony 
this year, “So What’s Your Story?” 
was inspired by Kamil’s propensity to 
document the lives of everyday people 
and their unique narratives, a recurring 
motif in his films. This year’s winning 
film, titled “Grandma” and directed by 

visual arts student Yu Chen, highlights 
the role our cultural background plays 
when communicating ideas of society, 
beauty and family.

“We are thrilled to know that 
Adam’s creative spirit will live on 
through the Adam D. Kamil Gallery, 
where students can showcase their 
talents, share inspiration and connect 
with one another,” Kamil’s mother 
Elaine said.

The gallery is located on the lower 
level of the Mandeville Center and 
can be used to showcase one’s work or 
organize a group exhibition.

▶ Anti-Israel Pledge:
UCLA Chancellor Gene Block and 

UC President Janet Napolitano have 
come out against a pledge calling for all 
undergraduate student council offices 
to suspend any future trips to Israel 
sponsored by pro-Israeli lobbying 
groups. The pledge was initiated 
by several student organizations, 
including Students for Justice in 
Palestine and Jewish Voice for Peace. 
In response, seven groups supporting 
Israel issued a letter to the Board of 
Regents on May 22 demanding for the 
UC system to condemn the pledge:

“The SJP’s motive is clear: to 
manipulate the composition of 
the student government so it is 
filled with anti-Israel activists who 
support the SJP’s hateful agenda.”

Chancellor Block’s statement was 
decidedly more diplomatic.

“I am troubled that the pledge 
sought to delegitimize educational 
trips offered by some organizations 
but not others,” he said. “I am 
troubled that the pledge can 
reasonably be seen as trying to 
eliminate selected viewpoints from 
the discussion.”

Napolitano has parroted Block’s 
concerns, adding that she does not 
support UCLA students “who target 
any student seeking to participate 
in student government who has a 
relationship with, or wants to travel 
to, Israel on trips sponsored by 
certain groups.”

Four of the 13-member student 
council at UCLA signed the pledge 
on May 9, while six refused and 
three abstained with the promise to 
not take a sponsored trip. 

BRIEFS brian  iniguezcontributing writerBY

BY  jacky  to
staff Writer

readers can contact
jacky  to   j6to@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
brian  iniguez   biniguez@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO FROM UCOP COMMUNICATIONS, USED WITH PERMISSION



7 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY  RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

On May 19, University Centers offered the second installment 
of its on-campus Graffiti Hill art event in an overall effort to, 
eventually, give students a permanent space for graffiti art.

I
t was commutative respect and overwhelming 
student response, Esther Kim and Armando 
Abundis told the UCSD Guardian, that moti-
vated University Centers to transcend its 
original proposal of holding a one-time event 

last quarter into a plan to hold Graffiti Hill on a 
quarterly basis. 

“What I noticed [about the first Graffiti hill event] 
that I really appreciated was that no one abused it,” 
Kim, a University Centers Marketing representative, 
said. “There was no profanity on there or anything 
offensive. It was just people having fun, drawing what-
ever they wanted to draw [...] I think it was awesome 
to see that people were really respectful of each other.”

Last week, students were offered another shot at 
spray paint and sharpie conception, only this time 
around, it was not limited to one day only. The 
structures for this quarter’s event were left up for four 
additional days without supervision, allowing artists 
to maintain the thrill of anonymous artwork suddenly 
springing up when eyes are turned away, as figures 
like Banksy have ingrained into the nature of graffiti.

“The nature of [graffiti] is kind of in secret at 
night; you get to do whatever you want—spontane-
ous,” Kim said. “I think it will be cool to watch [the 
artwork] transform as well.”

In addition to opening its doors to all artists, 
University Centers also featured four student artists 
who had their own spaces to themselves during this 
quarter’s event. Two of the artists, who originally 
reached out to University Centers about this event 
through a link on their Facebook page last quarter, 
represented Marshall College and Muir College as 
they each created a mural illustrating the principles 
that their own colleges live by.

Kim calls the timing of Graffiti Hill with the stu-
dent movement to bring back Graffiti Hall “uncan-
ny.” She and Abundis, senior graphic designer at 
University Centers, maintains that the two were 
not connected and that the original conception of 
Graffiti Hill simply arose at the same time as Graffiti 
Hall’s closure.

“It just so happened that the whole controversy 
with Graffiti Hall happened at the same time that 
we were coming up with this concept,” Abundis said. 
“Once Graffiti Hall was painted over and some of the 
student body was upset, there was an effort by the 
administration [and] our department to create that 
sort of space.”

Many students and alumni continue to express 
their dissatisfaction with the university’s decision 
to paint over Graffiti Hall and forbid any more 
graffiti art on its walls. In a letter to the editor on 
May 23, Scott Weisman, a 1990 Muir College grad-
uate, noted the administration’s change in attitude 
toward Graffiti Hall and voiced his disappointment 
in regard to its shutdown. 

“[Many interviews in the past with] admin-
istration officials and police [...] document a 
tolerance and even affection for the wall-writing 
and writers, completely at odds with the attitude 
displayed today,” Weisman said. “It is sad to see 
this harmless activity, thought of fondly by so 
many, tolerated by the administration for so long, 
so vociferously quashed.”

The end goal is now a permanent graffiti exhibi-
tion similar to Graffiti Hall somewhere on campus, 
Kim explained. But until that can be established, 
University Centers is determined to provide an 
alternative outlet for student street artists.

All in all, Abundis maintains that University 
Centers hopes to show students that, despite the 
extinction of Graffiti Hall, UCSD still respects graf-
fiti as a valuable form of art.

“We will not be editing anyone’s work [in Graffiti 
Hill events],” he said. “We will not be covering or 
censoring [the artwork]. We are University employ-
ees guided by the Principles of Community, so 
if there’s anything out there, any type of artwork 
regardless of what it is, [...] everyone’s free to do 
what they want.”

readers can contact
Teiko  Yakobson     syakobso@ucsd.edu 

GET YOUR
SPRAY ON
BY TEIKO YAKOBSON CONTRIBUTING WRITER

PHOTO BY CLAIRE FRAUSTO



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

I
n the last year alone, the UCSD chapter of Engineers 
Without Borders has made an impact on the com-
munity by successfully completing two domestic 
projects — Smart Garden and Fly Ash — focused on 
creating automated gardening systems and environ-

mentally sustainable ways to use cement. The next goal 
has a wider scope: to help communities get access to water 
in Bungwe, Rwanda.

Engineers Without Borders at UCSD is committed 
to carrying out two year-long domestic projects and one 
international project every year. With regards to domes-
tic projects, chapters may apply to start a new project or 
“adopt” an already open project. Specific members may  
also volunteer their time apart from their chapters. 

International projects are generally executed over a 
longer period of time and on a larger scale, as they are 
organized with the broader intent to improve the global 
community. The projects fall into seven categories: water 
supply, sanitation, civil works, structures, energy, agri-
culture and information systems.

EWB at UCSD’s current international project has 
been ongoing since 2012, as it has been focusing on 
increasing water supply in Bungwe, a community in the 
northern province of Rwanda.

“It all started with the leader before us, Nisha Sheph, 
who is a graduating senior this year,” freshman Aaron 
Graham, one of the selected leaders for the upcoming 
school year, said. “She’s a nanoengineer, and she wanted 
to do community-driven environmental projects that 
would help out communities elsewhere.”

EWB’s Rwanda Water Project aims to design a tank 
which would store and filter rainwater for people to 
drink. Because Bungwe is located on top of a hill, it 
would normally take two hours to go down to retrieve 
water and climb up the hill again. Thus, EWB sees the 
tank as necessary in Bungwe to making water availability 
more convenient. 

“Since it rains there about half the time, we want to 
catch the rain and filter it out and use it for drinking 
and other household purposes,” Graham said. “The tank 

would allow them to have more access to water.”
The International Health Standards states that every 

individual should have access to a minimum of 40 liters 
of water each day. A typical U.S. citizen has access to up 
to about 300 liters of water every day; however, an indi-
vidual in Bungwe only has daily access to about five to 10 
liters of water. As such, EWB understands that those in 
Bungwe are in dire need of a greater water supply.

In the summer of 2013, EWB went on an assessment 
trip which allowed four of its members to physically visit 
Bungwe in order to fully understand what resources indi-
viduals there had and how much help EWB could provide 
through the project. They are currently in the process of 
designing the rainwater catchment tank with a cheap and 
environmentally sustainable material called ferrocement, 
a mixture of cement, sand and steel and chicken wire. 
EWB started designing the tank in the winter of 2013 and 
hopes to implement the actual tank by September 2014, 
when it makes a second assessment trip.

“We’re going to need several trips in the next few years 
to continue implementing the design and finishing it,” 
Graham said, “That’s the main goal of the project, but 
there’s so many things around it like the education, the 
application for grants and we’re also doing a side project of 
making a playground so that the children after school can 
have a nice place to play sports at. Right now, they don’t 
have much facilities over there.”

EWB plans to continue working on the tank design 
and develop a stronger connection with the community. 
Graham explains that the group’s goal is not only to imple-
ment the tank in Bungwe but to help local individuals. 

“We want to get the community involved in order to 
allow them to sustain the project even after we imple-
ment it,” Graham said. “We also understand that they 
don’t have enough financial resources so we have to 
figure out how to find the lowest cost possible to imple-
ment the tank.”

Engineers Without Borders at UCSD, a chapter of a national nonprofit 
organization dedicated to improving communities at home and abroad, 

talks about its attempts to bring water to Bungwe, Rwanda.

ENGINEERING
FOR THE
PEOPLE

readers can contact
CHANELLE WANG     CHW153@ucsd.edu 

BY CHANELLE WANG STAFF WRITER
P

H
O

TO
S

 U
S

E
D

 W
ITH

 P
E

R
M

IS
S

IO
N

 FR
O

M
 E

W
B

-U
C

S
D



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

ish line in eighth place, her time of 
2:11.02 earned her the coveted All-
American marker.

“It was a relief [to reach All-
American status],” Pimentel said. “I 
didn’t want to repeat what had hap-
pened last year — I was so close. I had 
a little mental barrier last year, and 
this year I didn’t have as much of a 
mental barrier. It’s pretty satisfying to 
finally reach the end goal I was trying 
to achieve.”  

Juniors Nash Howe and Anthony 
Capitulo competed in the javelin, 
with Howe coming in seeded first 
and Capitulo seeded 20th. Capitulo 
bested his original seeding, finish-

ing in 17th with his best distance at 
192-6 on his second attempt. Howe’s 
first mark of 211-0 proved to be 
his best throw but could only earn 
him sixth best in the nation. While 
the mark was far from first, Howe 
nevertheless earned his second All-
American distinction.  

“Nash had a somewhat disap-
pointing championship,” Salerno 
said. “In the context of going in basi-
cally tied for first, it really adds a lot 
of expectations. That’s part of javelin 
throwing — it’s got a lot of variables 
to it. Unfortunately, it just wasn’t 
Nash’s day to be up there, but he’s 
All-American and moved up a place 
from last year, so you can’t complain 
about that.”

While the Triton group was small, 
it earned national attention and 
proved they could compete with and 
match the level of established nation-
al programs. With none of the five 
athletes graduating this year, UCSD 
only hopes to elevate themselves fur-
ther for next year’s NCAAs. 

“We took five athletes and two 
came back as All-American,” Salerno 
said. “That’s a good yield. Very few 
teams ever see that. For us, we see 
high level competition all year. [That] 
prepares us real well for champion-
ships — it has historically — and it 
certainly showed up this time.” 

Top Finishers Howe, Pimentel Finish Sixth, Eighth Respectively
▶ TRACK & FIELD, from page 12

readers can contact
clay  kaufman     gckaufma@ucsd.edu 

Impressively, this is Calkins’ third 
time winning the Capital One All-
Academic award. 

Dickinson, one of the youngest 
members of the six, is a sophomore 
on the fencing team who holds a 3.79 
GPA in biochemistry. He led UCSD 
to its 10th straight Intercollegiate 
Fencing Conference of Southern 
California title this year, while 
individually earning fifth place in 
sabre at the NCAA West Regional. 
Dickinson also took bronze in sabre 
at North American Cup. 

Jiganti is a senior on the men’s 
tennis team with a 3.66 GPA in 
his management science studies. He 
was the top member for men’s ten-
nis, playing in the No. 1 singles 
— for which he is ranked 38th  in 
the nation — and No. 1 doubles slot 
this season. While the tennis team 

fell in the first round of the NCAA 
Championship to Midwestern State 
University, Jiganti won his doubles 
match against his No. 11 nationally 
ranked opponents. 

Cockerill, a sophomore util-
ity with a 3.50 GPA in political 
science, had a tremendous season 
on the men’s water polo team. He 
set career-highs in goals (30), assists 
(45), steals (52) and just about every 
other individual category. His 45 
assists, a team-high, inked him into 
the Triton record books as the No. 
10 most assists in a single season. 

The six accomplished Tritons 
will now move on to the Capital One 
All-America team ballot, where they 
hope to qualify for the next level of 
awards as the entire nation’s most 
academically focused athletes.

Six All-District Tritons Now Qualify 
For All-America Team Ballot Selections

▶ AWARDS, from page 12

readers can contact
brandon  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 A little batty
5 Fills completely
10 Skips, as ads on a taped show
14 “Garfield” dog
15 What an ump’s protector protects
16 Approximately
17 Former Italian coins
18 Main blood line
19 Loch with a legend
20 Corporate-sponsored vacation
23 Ruhr valley city
24 Largest continent
25 Sicilian volcano
28 Mediterranean island republic
33 Place to retire to?
36 Tournament matches before finals, 

briefly
39 Matador’s foe
40 Retirement account transaction that 

may incur a penalty
44 “Iliad” setting
45 Big name in tractors
46 __-mo replay
47 Challenge a verdict in a higher court
50 Money you owe
52 Follow, as a suspect
55 Love poetry Muse
59 Local airline trip
64 “A guy walks into a bar ...” may start one
65 Christener
66 Go-__: small racer
67 Gets it wrong
68 Dolly the sheep, for one
69 Fencing blade
70 Herbal brews
71 Sharpened
72 Crystal gazer

DOWN
1 “La __ Vita”
2 “Later, amigo”
3 Law corporations, e.g.
4 Conical abode
5 CAT procedure
6 Greeting at sea
7 __ cotta
8 Colorado’s __ Park
9 Unwanted radio noise
10 No-fly __
11 Locale
12 Sibilant attention getter
13 Brillo rival
21 Unable to sit still
22 Jamie Foxx biopic about singer Charles
26 Previously unseen
27 In the thick of
29 School org.
30 Lines of seats
31 River through southern Russia
32 Unaccompanied performance
33 Alpha, __, gamma
34 Wyatt of the Old West
35 Bit of medicine for the eye or ear
37 Suffix with meteor
38 Tool house
41 Caustic potash
42 Dr. of rap
43 Insurrectionist
48 24-hr. cash dispenser
49 Cape Canaveral event
51 Tots’ rides
53 “Boot” country prefix
54 Iced tea flavor
56 Wide open
57 Crowd quota?
58 Playful river critter
59 Planetary center
60 Cajun vegetable
61 Army meal
62 Actress Russo
63 Barney’s Bedrock pal
64 “Jumbo” flier

t
your vision,
our mission.

The Associated Students Store
Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

ELECTRONICS
Great condition Vizio TV for sale. I can put 
it in the original box and it comes with a tv 
stand, no remote. heading out of town this 
weekend and would like to sell this ASAP 
(by Friday). Text 916-873-6856. Price: $200. 
Listing ID: 39466829 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Mint condition iPad 3 with Retina Display. 
Wifi version. I used it as a laptop my senior 
year. It’s in perfect condition, as it’s been in 
a case at all times. The logitech keyboard is 
sweet and very useful. I live at The Village if 
you want to see it before buying. Price: $325. 
Listing ID: 39226015 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

XBOX 360 4GB Console. I have the slimmer, 
newer, black 4GB XBOX for sale. I can give 
you two controllers, too. It’s worked great 
ever since I got it a few years ago, and I’ve 
never had a problem with it. Just looking to 
get it off my hands. Willing to negotiate price. 
Contact me if you have any questions. Price: 
$120. Listing ID: 35703480 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Beats Solo HD RED Edition On-Ear 
Headphones. Barely used. Lost the mic cable. 
Box and everything are included. Message 
me if interested. Price: $100. Listing ID: 
37554346 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

HOUSING (SUBLETS)
Subletter Needed! $500/month for a Room in 
2 BDR Apartment by UCSD. I am looking for a 
girl subletter to rent a bedroom in a two bed-
room apartment from June 5 to September 
20. The dates can be flexible. Graduate or 
Undergrads are welcome! The Rita Atkinson 
is grad housing that is a five minute walk 
from UCSD. $500 a month includes all utili-
ties except for electricity and internet. Those 
add up to about 30 a month. The apartment 
is already furnished so dont worry about 
a couch, bed, or coffee table. This is a two 
bedroom so there will already be another 
student living there. It can be ready for you 
as soon as possible. Such a steal!! Please 
email me for more information asap. Listing 
ID: 39226375 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Beautiful Summer Sublet. Hey there, I have 
a room to sublet from June 20th through 
August. The dates are somewhat negotiable, 
and there is an option to continue the lease if 
you want. I am a UCSD student and I am mov-
ing in with my boyfriend in June, and the girl 
you would be living with is a UCSD student as 
well. She is super nice and a very respectable 
roommate! The room is really big and can 
be used as a double as well. You will have 
your own bathroom, vanity area, and walk 
in closet. There is also a pool, hot tub, and 
an amazing gym. Utilities run about $50 a 
month. You will have your own parking spot 
in a gated garage, and there is a w/d inside 
the apartment. It has been a great place to 
live, and if you are a UCSD student the bus 
picks you up and drops you off right by our 
apartment. Please feel free to ask me any 
questions! (805) 540-4015 or marnie1715@
yahoo.com. Female preferred and student 
or young professional. Thank you! Listing ID: 
38512185 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Sublet 2bdrm in UCSD Mesa Housing. Sublet 
available in UCSD Mesa Housing. Must be 
interested in renting for the entire duration 
from July 1st through December 2014. It is 
an upstairs unit in south Mesa. It is furnished 
with 2 bedrooms, vaulted ceilings, ample 
storage space, and includes utilities (except 
internet). Must be UCSD affiliated in order to 
qualify for the sublet. Rent: $1170. Listing ID: 
35704378 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

FURNITURE
Oak Frame Futon (Full size) with pullout 
drawers. The frame is high quality oak in a 
dark finish. Mattress is covered with wash-
able navy blue cover. Has been used in a 
smoke free and pet free home and was origi-
nally bought for $1150. It has a small ding on 
the right upper arm but doesn’t compromise 
its function. Need to part with it because 
I’m moving out of state! Must be able to 
pick up and would need at least two people 
that can lift heavy. $200 firm (price set low 
to eliminate bargaining)-- Serious buyers 
only, please. Thanks for looking. Listing ID: 
35703828 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Black Desk. Roughly 4.5 x 2.5 ft. It does not 
come with drawers. It’s just a very simple 
desk that is perfect for studying. Let me know 
if you are interested or have any questions! :) 
Price: $40. Listing ID: 35704362 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Tall black bookcase with 4 adjustable shelves. 
It’s nothing fancy, but if you’re looking for 
something to just hold all your text books 
(or other items) and be organized, it does 
the job (for just $15). Has a minor ding on 
the bottom shelf (shown in 3rd picture). Has 
been kept clean and comes from a smoke 
free and pet free home. Must be able to pick 
up. At least two people required to move it. 
Listing ID: 35703832 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information                                 

A�ly now!
Email your resume & portfolio to
asgraphicstudio@ucsd.edu

posted. CHECK OUT YOUR PICS FROMfacebook.com/tritonoutfitters



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  1 1

DEAD WINTER CARPENTERS
THE LOFT - PRICE CENTER

SAT5.31 • 8pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
5 . 2 7  -  6 . 0 1

2 0 1 4 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

TUE5.27 THU5.29WED5.28
12pm
JOURNEY TO JUNETEENTH: AUTHOR 
AND BOOK SIGNING – GEISEL 
LIBRARY, SEUSS ROOM
Join us to hear local author Tamara Carson 
speak about Juneteenth and her research 
and writing process. 'Journey to 
Juneteenth: Collected Writings' is a short 
collection that includes short stories, 
poetry, and a choral reading - all inspired 
by Tamara Carson's rich family legacy 
based in East Texas. It is a book that 
celebrates family, faith and freedom - the 3 
foundational elements of Juneteenth Day. 
Refreshments will be served. Copies of the 
book will be available for $20.

3pm
RETHINKING SOVEREIGNTY AT THE 
PARIS PEACE CONFERENCE OF 1919 
– RUIZ ROOM, HUMANITIES & 
SOCIAL SCIENCES BUILDING, RM 
5086
Sovereignty at the peace conference that 
sought to end the Great War of 1914-1918 
has long been considered a solved 
historical problem. Nation-states and 
empires, we have long believed, simply 
reasserted their interests and identities 
much as they had in the nineteenth 
century, with disastrous results that led to 
World War II. Yet the radicalization of 
international political culture as a result of 
the Great War would not so easily be 
contained once peacemaking began. 
Whatever the intentions of the 
peacemakers, including President 
Woodrow Wilson himself, sovereignty in 
the international system would come to be 
understood and practiced in new ways. 
The lecture argues that it is necessary in 
considering sovereignty at the Paris Peace 
Conference to look beyond the Weberian 
definition of sovereignty as a monopoly of 
the legitimate use of violence. In 
unpredictable ways, “total” solutions to 
Europe’s first “total” war profoundly 
challenged the identities of the 
nation-states making peace, and the 
structures according to which they would 
do so. Leonard V. Smith, Frederick B. Artz 
Professor of History at Oberlin College, is 
the author of: The Embattled Self: French 
Soldiers' Testimony of the Great War 
(2007); co-author of France and the Great 
War, 1914-1918 (2003); and author of 
Between Mutiny and Obedience (1994). He 
has been a visiting professor at the École 
des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales, 
Claremont McKenna College, and in the 
Associated Kyoto Program at Doshisha 
University in Kyoto, Japan. His current 
monograph project, Sovereignty at the 
Paris Peace Conference of 1919: The 
Laboratory over a Vast Cemetery, is under 
contract to Oxford University Press

6pm
TRITON LEADERSHIP PANEL – PRICE 
CENTER THEATER
The Civic Leadership Fund at UCSD is 
proud to invite all students to the Triton 
Leadership panel, which will be held in 
Price Center Theater on Tuesday, May 27th 
at 6:00 PM. The panel will consist of 
on-campus leaders at UCSD who will 
discuss issues pertinent to UCSD students, 
such as the AS budget crisis. Our goal in 
this discussion is for the leaders to come 
up with potential solutions to the problems 
that UCSD students will face going 
forward. Please use your free time to come 
and hear the discussion, in order to 
understand what our campus leaders are 
doing to engage their fellow students and 
address the most pertinent issues. Free 
food will be served to guests!

6:30pm
END YOUR QUARTER SMOOTHIE-LY 
– THE ZONE, PRICE CENTER (BY 
JAMBA JUICE)
Take a break from studying to enjoy free 
healthy smoothies! Make your own 
smoothie and take it home.

12pm
BREATHER SERIES: YOGA – CROSS 
CULTURAL CENTER COMUNIDAD 
Breather with us as we stretch, 
strengthen, move, and simply let go at the 
CCC. Bring your own yoga mat if you have 
one. Limited yoga mats provided. Free 
healthy snack!

12:30pm
WHAT CAN INTERNATIONAL 
RELATIONS LEARN FROM 
INTERNATIONAL LAW? – SOCIAL 
SCIENCES BUILDING, RM 107
Register at: 
http://iicas.ucsd.edu/lecture-series/registr
ation.html. Schedule a meeting: 
https://doodle.com/37w7rcwwy6q3pf2k. 
Pollack attempts to “reverse field,” 
exploring what IR scholars can learn from 
IL scholarship. More info: 
http://iicas.ucsd.edu/lecture-series/pia.ht
ml. The International Relations Speaker 
Series jointly sponsored by IICAS and 
ILAR with the support of the Lifelong 
Learning Programme of the European 
Union.

5pm
VISITING ARTIST LECTURE: CASEY 
REAS – CENTER HALL, ROOM 119
The Department of Visual Arts is pleased 
to present a lecture by Casey Reas, an 
artist whose conceptual and minimal 
works explore ideas through the 
contemporary lens of software. Reas' 
software and images derive from short 
text instructions explaining processes that 
define networks. In collaboration with Ben 
Fry, he created the Processing program 
language, now used by innumerable 
artists and designers. Reas' software, 
prints, and installations have been 
featured in over one hundred solo and 
group exhibitions at museums and 
galleries in the United States, Europe, and 
Asia. Event is free and open to the public, 
May 29th, 5PM, Center Hall 119.

FRI5.30
APPLY TO JOIN THE 2014-15 LIBRARY STUDENT ADVISORY 
COUNCIL
Let your voice be heard at the Library. Apply to join the Library Student 
Advisory Council for 2014-15. The deadline to apply is May 30, 2014. 
http://libraries.ucsd.edu/about/lsac.html. What will the Council do? 
Provide a forum for ongoing dialogue between students and the Library 
with the goal of providing students the best possible library services, 
spaces, and collections to meet their academic needs. When will the LSAC 
meet? The Council will meet up to 5 times spread throughout the 2014-15 
academic year (not during the summer). Some work will be accomplished 
outside of standing meetings. Meetings will always be on Tuesday 
evenings from 5-6:30 pm. (Food will be provided.)

10am
THE FITNESS ZONE: BODYWEIGHT BOOTCAMP – THE ZONE, PC 
PLAZA (BY JAMBA JUICE)
A quick circuit training class utilizing your best training tool your own 
body weight! This class is packed with weight training techniques and 
cardio intervals used by MMA trainers, P90X, and Insanity. Get your 
ultimate workout completed in 45 minutes or less! All levels welcome. 
Lead by FitLife instructor Tim Macauley. Free and open to all UCSD 
students.

12pm
GENDER BUFFET FILM SCREENING: ‘EXCLUDED’ – WOMEN’S 
CENTER (ABOVE HI-THAI, NEAR MAIN GYM)
Join the Women's Center for a screening of 'Excluded', a film about Tony 
and Thomas, a transnational gay couple torn from their family in California 
and battling to come home; they can only wait outside its borders, hoping 
for equal rights to be granted. Follow their 16-year journey of immigration 
struggle and exclusion. Followed by a Q & A with the Director and 
Producer Dr. Lisa Nunn!

11am
FITSTOP HEALTH ASSESSMENT – THE ZONE, PRICE CENTER 
PLAZA
FITstop is a 20-minute free health assessment that measures your level 
of health and fitness compared to others in your age group. Four 
categories are measured: 1. Cardiovascular Health, 2. Muscular Strength 
& Endurance, 3. Body Weight & Composition, and 4. Flexibility. See 
where you fall within these categories and learn how you can improve 
your overall health! Workshops are free and space is limited. FitStop is 
hosted by the Student Health Advocates.

2:30pm
DE-STRESS W/ BIOFEEDBACK – THE ZONE, PRICE CENTER 
PLAZA
Come de-stress with the CAPs Wellness Peers! Measure your 
psychological stressors and learn more about what makes you most 
stressed, how it affects your well-being and how to keep your stress 
levels down! Workshops are all free. Space is limited and is first come, 
first served. Hosted by the CAPS Wellness Peer Educators.

4:30pm
DOLORES DORANTES AND JEN HOFER – SME PERFORMANCE 
SPACE, STRUCTURAL MATERIALS BUILDING
DOLORES DORANTES’ most recent books include Querida fábrica 
(Práctica Mortal, CONACULTA, 2012) and Estilo (Mano Santa Editores, 
2011). Her op-ed pieces, criticism and investigative texts have been 
published in numerous Mexican newspapers. sexoPUROsexoVELOZ and 
Septiembre, a bilingual edition of books two and three of Dolores 
Dorantes by Dolores Dorantes, translated by Jen Hofer, was 
co-published in early 2008 by Counterpath Press and Kenning Editions. 
Intervenir, written collaboratively with Rodrigo Flores Sánchez, is 
forthcoming as Intervene, translated by Jen Hofer. Dorantes lived in 
Ciudad Juárez for 25 years, and currently lives in Los Angeles where she 
teaches workshops in autobiographical writing through Cielo Portátil and 
co-curates (with Jen Hofer) a Spanish-language section at The Last 
Bookstore, called La Ultima. JEN HOFER is a Los Angeles-based poet, 
translator, social justice interpreter, teacher, knitter, book-maker, public 
letter-writer, urban cyclist, and co-founder (with John Pluecker) of the 
language justice and literary activism collaborative Antena. Her latest 
translations include the homemade chapbook En las aravillas/In Wonder 
(Libros Antena/Antena Books, 2012) and Ivory Black, a translation of 
Negro marfil by Myriam Moscona (Les Figues Press 2011). Her most 
recent books are the chapbooks The Missing Link (Insert Blanc Press), 
Front Page News (Little Red Leaves Textile Series, 2013), we do not see 
what we do not see (DIY edition, 2013), Shroud: A Piece of Fabric Sewn 
To A Piece of Paper By Way of A Map (collaboration with Jill Magi; DIY 
edition, 2013), When We Said This Was A Space, We Meant We Are 
People (collaboration with John Pluecker Libros Antena/Antena Books, 
2013), and a book-length series of anti-war-manifesto poems titled one 
(Palm Press, 2009). She teaches poetics, translation, and bookmaking at 
CalArts and Otis College. Her installation titled “Uncovering: A Quilted 
Poem Made from Donated and Foraged Materials from Wendover, Utah” 
is currently on view at the Center for Land Use Interpretation in Utah. For 
more information and directions, visit 
http://literature.ucsd.edu/news-events/new-writing-series/nws-spring20
14.html or contact Jeff Baker (j9baker@ucsd.edu) or Maria Flaccavento 
(mflaccav@ucsd.edu). This event is FREE and open to the public! SAT5.31

8:30am
HANDS ON SAN DIEGO – 
DOWNTOWN SAN DIEGO
Volunteer with us for our annual Hands on 
San Diego event! We will be working with 
Stand Up For Kids,a not-for-profit 
organization whose mission is 'to end the 
cycle of youth homelessness throughout 
the United States.' As a part of HOSD this 
year you can help Stand Up For Kids by 
aiding them in moving out of their old 
center and renovating their new center. As 
a volunteer you will be moving, painting, 
building, and caring! Volunteers will 
receive a free HOSD t-shirt, 
transportation, breakfast and lunch! You 
can also help by donating clothes to the 
center, just drop them off at our office on 
the 3rd floor of Price Center! Sign up at 
http://tiny.cc/e6fxfx

8pm
DEAD WINTER CARPENTERS – THE 
LOFT, PRICE CENTER
Dead Winter Carpenters are from North 
Lake Tahoe, CA. The band seamlessly 
blends Americana with roots rock and a 
tinge of straightforward 'tell-it-like-it-is' 
alt. country for hard-hitting performances 
that are as edgy as they are whimsical. 
The group consists of fiddler/vocalist 
Jenni Charles, upright bassist/vocalist 
David Lockhart, guitarists/vocalists Jesse 
Dunn and Bryan Daines, and 
drummer/vocalist Brian Huston. Doors 
8:00pm / Show 8:30pm. $5.00 UCSD 
students / $11.00 general



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  M AY  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Five UCSD athletes competed in Allendale, Michigan this past week in the NCAA Division II Outdoor 
Track & Field Championships, finishing with strong results and two All-American distinctions. 

BY CLAY KAUFMAN  STAFF WRITER
PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

Track & Field

Strong Showing at NCAAs

A handful of Tritons competed in four events over the course of three days at the NCAA Division II National 
Championships in Allendale, Michigan, 
from May 22 to May 24. Thanks to an excep-
tional set of performances, the team returned 
home with two All-American Honors.

Redshirt freshman Dan Golubovic kicked 
off nationals for the Tritons, starting his 
decathlon on Thursday as the 11th 
seed. Golubovic completed half of 
the decathlon on the first day with 
a personal best throw in the shot-
put (37 feet, 3 inches). However, 
overall, Golubovic appeared to 
underperform in the majority of 
the first day’s events.  

“Day one ended up being 
a very rough meet for me,” 
Golubovic told the Guardian. 
“It was just poor performanc-
es all across the board. I 
couldn’t really catch a break. 
It was more of a mental 
challenge — trying to for-
get about the last event and 
move on to regroup for 
the next.”  

Also making his national debut on day 
one, sophomore Carlos Bojorquez competed 
in the 1,500 meter run. The San Diego 
native, seeded 18th out of 20, narrowly 
missed advancing to the finals. His time of 
3 minutes 56.2 seconds put him fifth in his 
heat, just short of earning advancement to 
the final round. Bojorquez concluded his 

NCAAs effort with a 14th place finish. 
On day two, Golubovic 

rounded up his nation-
al debut with more 

impressive per-
formances. He 

won the 110-
meter hur-

dle heat 

with a new best time of 15.20 and took top 
honors in the discus, throwing a personal 
best distance of 144-7 on his final attempt. 
Golubovic finished up his events 12th out 
of 16 with 6,616 points, about 1,000 points 
behind Chico State national champion J 
Patrick Smith.

“It was a tremendous turnaround,” 
Salerno said. “He was really outstanding 
honestly. He had PRs in several events on 
the second day, which was pretty remark-
able. He really brought his score back up, so 
it’s a good prophecy for his future for sure.”  

Junior sprinter Sabrina Pimentel, who 
enters this year’s national championship in 
the 10th seed out of 20, ran in her prelimi-
nary heat in the 800-meter on Friday, plac-
ing eighth with a time of 2:09.31 to advance 
to Saturday’s final. 

Pimentel, who earned All-American 
status in the 4x400 relay her freshman 

year and went just shy just of tak-
ing All-American status last year in 

which she placed ninth, snagged 
the national distinction this 

time around. Crossing the fin-

Paying 
Homage 
To the 
Amateurs

After recently taking over for the 
capable Rachel Uda, I, as the some-
what newly-minted sports editor, bore 
anxiety from the start at the prospect 
of writing my first column. So as I was 
finally forced to approach that daunt-
ing pillar of 500 words, I took a decid-
edly different route from my mentor. 
I unglued my eyes from neatly com-
piled stat sheets and the player bios 
on the UCSD Athletics website and 
ventured into the lesser-known parts 
of the Triton sports world — where 
there are no athletes of the week, 
conference championships or NCAA 
tournaments. For my first column, I 
went all-out Anthony Bourdain and 
trekked a solid minute and a half 
from my apartment to the John Muir 
College public basketball courts.

Here, anybody can jump into a 
pickup game of basketball. There 
are no tryouts and things are a bit 
less coordinated — from the ath-
letes to the plays to entire games 
themselves. However, as I saw from 
watching a few games and flailing 
around in a couple others, that’s 
what makes it great. 

For the few who may have shined 
on high school courts and for others 
who just want to get in some cardio, 
the Muir courts serve as an outlet for 
playing out that one Game Seven, 
Jordan buzzerbeater fantasy. Amid 
the wild shots, the common air-balls 
and the questionable self-called 
fouls, what is great is that all of these 
street ballers don’t play because they 
are necessarily the best but because 
they just love playing the sport. 

And of course, there are the host 
of characters whose almost daily pres-
ence makes up the face of the outdoor 
courts. There’s Kurt, the white-haired, 
70-something man who plays as 
rough as Dennis Rodman and calls 
plays like the Peyton Manning of 
street ball. There’s David, the lanky 
African guy who perpetually sports a 
Denver Nuggets jersey and constantly 
jacks up threes that never seem to go 
in. He’s supposedly a Sudanese prince, 
but he plays as if he’s a full king on the 
court. There’s also the slew of hefty, 
mustier-than-you’d-like ballplayers 
that make you pray games are not 
shirts and skins. And there are the 
ones who want to play bad enough 
that they are still shooting after the 
lights shut off at 10:15 p.m. 

Yet after getting to know this 
unique culture on campus, I noticed 
that perhaps the best part comes after 
the games are over. When players on 
either teams are done, whether they’ve 
lost all their games or come out on top 
in each of them, they almost always 
come together — strangers or not — 
and exchange low-fives and fist bumps 
in acknowledgment of a mutual bond 
of sweat and swishes.  

For many of these hoopers, the 
Muir Courts, in all its many faults and 
glories, is a sort of makeshift Madison 
Square Garden arena. The overhead 
lights don’t all properly work, some of 
the basketball nets are often falling off 
and there always seems to be sand on 
the court near the beach volleyball lot. 
But this collection of six hoops, stand-
ing atop those green-shaded concrete 
grounds, is home to countless games 
of fierce competitiveness and true love 
for the game. While there’s no physi-
cal hardware or national recognition 
for winners, the players want to win 
just as much as any UCSD athlete in a 
Triton uniform, and that’s what mat-
ters the most. 

 Brandon  Yu   bcyu@ucsd.edu
full  court  press

See TRACK & FIELD, page 11

Six UCSD student-athletes were 
recently named to the 2014 Capital 
One Academic All-District At-Large 
First Team. Andie Nishimi, Sandy 
Hon, Luke Calkins, Drew Dickinson, 
Max Jiganti and Chase Cockerill 
were all chosen by the College 
Sports Information Directors of 
America for the NCAA Division II 
District 8’s handful of academically 
distinguished collegiate athletes. 

The six Tritons comprised the 
majority of the 11 total individuals 
who were selected from District 8, 
which includes a host of programs 
from the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association, Great 
Northwest Athletic Conference and 
Pacific West Conference, proving 
that UCSD has as much brain as 
it does brawn. Additionally, all six 
athletes qualified for NCAA teams 
in their respective sports. 

Nishimi is a junior attacker 
on the women’s water polo squad, 
which finished eighth at nationals 
earlier this month. She maintains an 
amazing 3.93 grade-point average 
with a cognitive science major. On 
top of earning this award for the 
first time, Nishimi achieved career-
highs in goals (12), assists (nine) 
and steals (16) this season. 

Hon is an All-American senior 

swimmer who has a 3.60 GPA in 
psychology and minors in music. 
She swam in the 200 medley relay at 
the NCAA Championships, taking a 
fifth place finish while breaking the 
school record with a time of 1 min-
ute 42.23 seconds. Hon has earned 
a spot in the NCAA in each of her 
four years and is a two-time College 

Swimming Coaches Association of 
America All-American.

With a 3.94 GPA, senior diver 
and mechanical engineer Calkins 
excels in and out of the water. He 
was the Pacific Collegiate Swim 
and Dive Conference championship 
in the three-meter and one-meter, 
for which he also placed eighth 

and 11th, respectively, at nation-
als. Calkins earned the PCSC 
Championship’s Male Diver of the 
Meet and was awarded the presti-
gious 2014 NCAA Elite 89 Award, 
which similarly recognizes the 
nation’s brightest student-athletes. 

ACADEMIC  AWARDS

Six Tritons Earn Capital One All-Academic Award
The UCSD athletes qualified for District 8’s First Team with their consistently strong academic standings. 

See AWARDS, page 11

BY  bran don  yu
sports editor

PHOTO BY NOLAN THOMAS /GUARDIAN FILE


