
UCSD’s Geisel Library will hold 
a campus birthday party to cel-
ebrate Dr. Seuss’s March 2 birthday 
on Monday March 3. The event 
will also celebrate a recent gift to 
the Mandeville Special Collections 
Library donated by Audrey Geisel 
from the personal archive of her late  
husband, Theodor Seuss Geisel — 
otherwise known as Dr. Seuss.

The donated materials include 
hundreds of rough sketches and 
drawings for a variety of unpub-
lished projects such as “Cat 
Ballooning,” “The Pet Shop,” “Bee 
Watches,” “How Welk Can You 
Spelk,” “The Clock Book” and 

“Arabian Adventures.” They will be 
added to the Dr. Seuss Collection 
in the Library’s Mandeville Special 
Collections.

“I am pleased about more of Ted’s 
work and memorabilia being in the 
Mandeville Special Collections at 
Geisel Library,” Audrey Geisel told 
UCSD News in a Feb. 27 article. 

A selection of the new materials 
is now on display at Geisel Library 
and will be continued to be exhib-
ited until the end of March.

“We greatly treasure our Dr. 
Seuss materials and view Ted Geisel 
as much more than one of the most 
popular authors of children’s books,” 
Audrey Geisel University Librarian 
Brian E.C. Schottlaender said to 
UCSD News. “He is also a symbol 
of extreme creativity and innova-
tion, values that are part of this 
University’s DNA.” 

The gift includes several unpub-

UCSD and University of Arizona 
professors are collaborating to reduce 
noise levels and improve sound clarity 
for patients in hospitals.

Eve Edelstein, a professor collabo-
rating in this endeavor, measured the 
noise levels in hospital emergency 
rooms during the shifting of hospital 
staff. She discovered that noise levels 
can reach as high as 100 to 110 deci-
bels, which is equivalent to the noise 
emitted by a jet engine.

 By comparison, normal speech 
levels are between 45 and 65 decibels. 
Edelstein’s results indicate the need 
for a solution to remedy the negative 
impacts that noisy hospitals have on 
patients’ recovery.  

According to a 2012 study by 
University of Chicago researchers, 

noisy environments deprive patients of 
sleep, resulting in an increase of blood 
pressure by as much as six points for 
every one hour of sleep lost. Medical 
equipment also contributes to the 
noise levels in hospitals.

“All of the equipment is going for 
20 patients,” Edelstein said in a Feb. 
25 KPBS article. “And now 20 more 
nurses walk in, and they’re each hav-
ing one-to-one conversations about 
each patient’s status. Everyone’s speak-
ing above the level of the [electro-
cardiogram] alarm and the overhead 
announcements and the ventilator 
systems.”

UCSD music and sonic arts profes-
sor Peter Otto is also participating in 
the research and hopes to use a device 
he developed himself, called the sound 

EXPRESSION 
WITH GRAFFITI

Students spray paint at 
the Graffiti Hill event in 

front of Main Gym Feb. 26. 
The Guardian explored the 

responses to the recent 
closure of Graffiti Hall.

WHAT  CLASS  AM   I  TAKING?

WE'RE  GOING  TO  THE  SHIP

strange   course  titles

UCSD   EARNS  CCAA  TOURNEY  BID

opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

MONDAY
H 63 L 49

TUESDAY
H 65 L 52

WEDNESDAY
H 66 L 53

THURSDAY
H 69 L 56

FORECAST

VERBATIM
For reasons 
unknown, the 
chocoholic 
devil perched 
somewhere 
in my brain 
tends to have the more com-
pelling arguments.”

- Kelvin Noronha
THINKING CAPS

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Siddhartha Mukherjee ..... 8
Crossword .................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

“

FeATURES,  PAGE  7

PHOTO BY CLAIRE FRAUSTO/ GUARDIAN

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 37 MONDAY, MARCH 3, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

After weeks of exchanging proposed amend-ments to the A.S. Council Constitution between A.S. Council and the six college 
councils, A.S. Council passed the amendments 
as a referendum to be put to a student vote in the 
general election in Spring Quarter 2014. 

A.S. Council originally passed these amend-
ments in Fall Quarter 2013, after which they 
underwent the ratification process through the 
college councils. However, three of the seven 
amendments were not passed by the necessary 
four out of six college councils to be ratified. 

According to the A.S. Constitution, there are 
two methods of ratifying directives passed by the 

A.S. Council. The first is to pass the document 
through four out of six college councils, and the 
second is to put the document to a student vote. 

“I think it’s our way of holding the college 
councils accountable,” Social Sciences Senator 
and Bylaws committee member Colin King said. 
“They hold A.S. Council accountable through the 
ratification process, and if we disagree with them 
we can hold them accountable through the student 
body.”

Opponents argue that this negates the role of 
college councils in the ratification process. 

Students Will Vote on 
Constitution Changes

A.S.  COUNCIL

BY    Gabriella  Fleischman associate news editor 
i llustrati on   by    Zoe  McCracken

Proposed amendments to A.S. bylaws will appear 
on the spring election ballot during Week 2.

See BYLAWS, page 3

CALIFORNIA

Assembly 
Will Review 
Prop 209 
Amendment
The bill would repeal the 
ban on affirmative action 
in education implemented 
by Amendment No. 5.

BY  An drew  H uang    Staff writer
California’s State Assembly will 

soon review Senate Constitutional 
Amendment No. 5, a highly contro-
versial bill that would repeal parts of 
Proposition 209 that block affirmative 
action in state education, triggering 
stiff opposition from equal opportu-
nity activists.

Proposition 209, enacted in 1996, 
prohibits state institutions from con-
sidering race, sex or ethnicity, particu-
larly in school acceptance. California 
was the first state to implement such 
a ban on race and gender-based hiring 
and admission practices. 

SCA-5 was introduced by state Sen. 
Edward Hernandez (D-West Covina) 
on Dec. 3, 2012 and seeks to remove 
those restrictions on public educa-
tion, thus allowing universities to give 
special consideration to applicants of 
specific races and national origins. It 
was passed by the State Senate, which 
holds a Democratic supermajority, on 
Jan. 30, 2014 and sent to the Assembly 
that same day.

“You cannot address inequal-
ity by refusing to acknowledge it,” 
Hernandez said on his website. “We 
have nearly 20 years of history show-
ing our campuses have become less 
diverse, and qualified high school 
graduates are being overlooked and 
ignored as a result of the failed experi-

See ADMISSIONS, page 2

CAMPUS HEALTH

UCSD Professors Looking 
to Reduce Hospital Noise
Research shows that noise levels in hospitals reach 
up to 110 decibels and deprive patients of sleep. 

BY    Karen  To  Staff Writer

Recently donated 
materials from Theodore 
Geisel’s personal archive 
are now on display.

Geisel Library Celebrates 
Dr. Seuss’ Birthday Today

BY    Justi n e  Liang  staff writer

See NOISE, page 3See SEUSS, page 3

Referendum Rundown
An elected, voting Vice President 
Finance and Resources position

BEFORE AFTER
A non-voting Financial Controller 
position appointed by A.S. Council

Appointed Associate Vice President 
Student Organizations position

Director of Student Organizations, a 
staff position under the office of the 
A.S. president

• Academic Senators will become non-
voting on A.S. Council, but voting members 
of the Academic Representative Council.

• Addition of two voting International Senators

• Decrease in number of first-year senators 
from three to two



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

TMC 198: TMC/CREATE PARTNERSHIP SCHOOLS PROGRAM
Serve as tutors, mentors, and positive role models to �rst-generation college bound youth 

at UCSD partnership charter schools: The Preuss School and Gompers Preparatory Academy. 
Find out about program requirements, visit: http://create.ucsd.edu/opportunities.

ERC 89: ERC/CREATE MATH TUTOR CORPS
Support academic achievement by providing math tutoring to students at Lincoln High School.

Gain training by veteran math educators through a bi-weekly seminar. 
Find out about program requirements, visit: http://create.ucsd.edu/opportunities.

EDS 198: COLLEGE ACADEMIC MENTORING PROGRAM (CAMP)
Promote college access by serving as a mentor to local high school students.

Gain tools and training through a weekly seminar.
Find out about program requirements, visit: http://create.ucsd.edu/opportunities.

2014 SPRING QUARTER
Give Back, Earn Credit

HIGH SCHOOL MENTORING + TUTORING PROGRAMS
Open to ALL UCSD Students

To learn more about each program, visit: http://create.ucsd.edu/opportunities

#UCSDNEWS
#NOFILTERS @ucsdguardian

#FOLLOW US
#UCSDNEWS
#NOFILTERS @ucsdguardian

#FOLLOW US

readers can contact
an drew  h uang    aehuang@ucsd..edu 

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

Proposition 209 Supporters Believe the Law Improves UC Academics

ment that is Prop. 209.” 
The bill is currently held at desk pend-

ing further action. If the State Assembly 
approves SCA-5, it will be presented as a 
referendum to California voters on Nov. 
4, 2014. The amendment’s passage in the 
Senate has already sparked debates on 
both sides. 

“I am not proposing quota systems or 
preferential treatment,” Hernandez said 
in a Feb. 18 U-T San Diego article. “SCA-
5 simply allows our public colleges to 
identify achievement gaps [...] consistent 
with all the Supreme Court decisions that 
already limit the use of race- or gender-
conscious programs.”

In a Feb. 24 letter to the campus, UCLA 
Chancellor Gene Block also expressed a 
negative opinion towards Proposition 209’s 

effects on the university. He asked the fac-
ulty to consider instituting a diversity gen-
eral education course requirement, similar 
to UCSD’s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
requirement which was established in 2011.

However, there has been a large outcry 
against SCA-5. According to the U-T 
San Diego, supporters of Proposition 209 
claim minorities have largely benefited 
from the law since their academic per-
formance better matches the universities 
they attend. A change.org petition entitled 
“Vote NO to SCA 5!” now has nearly 
80,000 signatures. It charges the act with 
violating the 14th Amendment.

Sonny Rodriguez, a fifth-year from Muir 
College, understands the rationale behind 
the amendment but ultimately thinks that 
guiding minorities after they have been 
accepted would be more effective.

“As a Hispanic male, I have to acknowl-

edge the vast cultural disparity of certain 
minority groups in schools like UCLA, 
UC Berkeley and even here in San Diego,” 
Rodriguez said in a Facebook post. “But 
the point is, it’s a reality [...] I can say that 
the problem isn’t getting into the school. 
It’s what happens to us after we’ve gotten in. 
Affirmative action is not the answer. Fix the 
problem the right way, or don’t fix it at all.”

For now, UC and CSU officials have 
not taken an official stance on SCA-5. 
According to the UC system, minorities 
made up about 69 percent of the total 
student population in 2013, up from about 
48.5 percent in 1998. Asian-Americans 
are the most numerous minority while 
African-Americans and American-Indians 
are the least numerous. 

▶ ADMISSIONS, from page 1

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
@UCSDGUARDIAN

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Little blue head.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Laira Martin

Zev Hurwitz

Allie Kiekhofer

Gabriella Fleischman
Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Mekala Neelakantan

Lauren Koa

Kelvin Noronha

Rachel Uda

John Story
Brandon Yu

Stacey Chien

Sydney Reck

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Zoë McCracken

Jenny Park

Jeffrey Lau

Rachel Huang
Claire Yee

Philip Jia

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Editor in Chief

Managing Editor

Deputy Managing Editor

Associate News Editors

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Associate Copy Editors

Web Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Page Layout
Sara Shroyer, Dorothy Van, Flavia Salvadori, Dorothy Lee

Copy Readers
Clara Chao, Rosina Garcia, Susan Shamoon, Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Emily Bender, Rita Eritsland, Shelby Newallis, Morgan Jong, 
Soumya Kurnool, Daniel Sung, Andrew Huang, Jonah Yonker



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

lished manuscripts that  represent 
Dr. Seuss’s unending creativity and 
innovative ideas. Geisel Library was 
named in recognition of Theodor and 
Audrey Geisel’s support of the univer-
sity and the library.

“Theodor and Audrey Geisel have 
been generous and stalwart support-
ers of UC San Diego and our library,” 
Chancellor Khosla said. “We are hon-
ored and grateful to receive these 

amazing new materials and feel certain 
that they will inspire more phenom-
enal Dr. Seuss books. It is clear that Ted 
Geisel’s creative genius never ceased to 
burn bright.”

According to UCSD News, the 
Mandeville Special Collections holds 
more than 10,000 items in the Dr. 
Seuss Collection which includes origi-
nal drawings, sketches, manuscript 
drafts, books, notebooks, photographs 
and memorabilia.

This year’s party will be Dr. Seuss’s 

110th birthday anniversary and will 
feature a giant inflatable Cat in the Hat, 
musical entertainment from the Cat in 
the Hat Songbook and 2,000 cupcakes.

The library, its Dr. Seuss Collection 
and the celebration reflect Dr. Seuss’s 
famous quote, “The more that you 
read, the more things you will know. 
The more that you learn, the more 
places you’ll go.”

bender, to resolve the issue of noisy 
hospitals. 

The sound bender is the size of 
a cable box and uses 12 speakers to 
direct sound in a contained beam so 
that it doesn’t dissipate into other 
directions.

In this manner, the sound bender 
could be used to direct announce-
ments to nurses’ stations without 
disturbing patients. Otto believes 
the sound bender could be useful 
during operations as well.

“What if we just had the interest-
ing messages for the anesthesiologist 

pointed at him and the things the 
surgeon needs to pay attention to are 
only directed to his or her listening 
space,” Otto said in the KPBS article. 
“The nurses might have another 
stream they are paying attention to.”

Otto and Edelstein have also 
been experimenting with differ-
ent building materials that could 
alter the acoustics in hospitals and 
enhance sound clarity.

Currently, hospital walls are not 
built out of absorptive materials so 
sounds can bounce off in multi-
ple directions. Otto uses a virtual 
patient room where he can manipu-
late the different materials to test its 

efficiency in sharpening sounds.
During the study, he has a nurse 

read the names of medicines such as 
aspirin and adrenaline to gauge the 
differences in acoustics that certain 
materials produce. 

Otto can also change the shape 
and size of the room at will to 
manipulate the factors contributing 
to noise level beyond just the build-
ing materials.

“It could be so much more of a 
healthy, relaxed, focused environ-
ment,” Otto said.

STUDENT INVOLVEMENT
CENTER FORstudentevents.ucsd.edu

get involved.

STUDENT EVENTS

Weekly events and opportunities just for students.

However, the biggest concern 
among members of A.S. Council 
was that students will make an unin-
formed vote, particularly because 
the constitution is a long and dense 
document.

King drafted a summary of the 
changes to be listed at the beginning 
of the document so that students do 
not have to read through its entirety. 

These changes include changing 

the elected, voting position of Vice 
President Finances and Resources to 
an appointed, non-voting position 
of Financial Controller; changing 
the voting position of Associate Vice 
President Student Organizations to 
a staff position under the Office 
of the President, the Director of 
Student Organizations; taking away 
the voting power of Academic 
Senators on A.S. Council, yet giving 
them voting power on an Academic 
Representatives Council; adding two 

International Senator positions; and 
reducing the number of Freshman 
Senators from three to two.

“I just hope students actually 
make informed decisions and actu-
ally vote rather than abstain,” King 
said. “I’m sure we’ll see a lot of 
abstentions with this because it’s a 
long document, but I hope students 
will actually think critically about this.”

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.
Referendum Language Will Include a Summary of  the Changes
▶ BYLAWS, from page 1

readers can contact
Gabri ella  Fleisch man    gfleisch@ucsd..edu 

readers can contact

readers can contact

justi n e  liang    jjlo96@ucsd..edu 

karen  to    kato@ucsd..edu 

Friday, Feb. 21
1 a.m.: Assist Other Agency
Verizon Wireless received an emer-
gency signal near Tioga Hall. False 
alarm.
2:35 p.m.: Medical Aid
A patient was suffering from a 
fever and low blood pressure at the 
Moores Cancer Center. Referred to 
other agency — medics responded. 
9:40 p.m.: Brandishing a Weapon
A male subject reportedly pulled 
out a knife during an argument at 
The Loft and was escorted out by 
security. Checks OK.

Saturday, Feb. 22
2:30 a.m.: Battery
A verbal argument at the Village 
East 1 escalated to a physical con-
flict. No injuries were reported 
and both parties declined to press 
charges. Report taken.
3:44 a.m.: Water/Sewer Leak
A passerby saw water flooding Lot 
208. Information only.
11:30 p.m.: Public Intoxication
The reporting party attempted to 
stop the subject from drunk driv-
ing. Transported to detox.

Monday, Feb. 24
3:56 a.m.: Disturbance
The subjects were screaming and 
partying at the Village West 1. 
Quiet on arrival.
4:04 a.m.: Suspicious Vehicle
Subjects were found sleeping inside 
a vehicle at Parking Lot 406. Checks 
OK.
12:01 p.m.: Medical Aid
A subject was experiencing chest 
pains at the Student Health Center. 
Transported to hospital by medics.

Tuesday, Feb. 25
1:02 a.m.: Illegal Camping
The subject was sleeping on the 

eas side of Geisel Library with bags. 
Checks OK.

9:25 a.m.: Medical Aid
The subject complained of vertigo 
and requested medics. Transported 
to hospital.
11:30 p.m.: Suspicious Person
The subject was sleeping by The 
Loft in Price Center. Field interview 
administered. 

Wednesday, Feb. 26
4:51 p.m.: Grand Theft
Credit card fraud was reported 
with an estimated loss of $1,819.64. 
Report taken.
9:31 p.m.: Injury
The subject possibly dislocated 
a shoulder while exercising near 
Asante House. Transported to hos-
pital.
11:49 p.m.: Copyright 
Infringement
A subject illegally distributed 
copyrighted material from a per-
sonal computer. Referred to Student 
Conduct. 

Thursday, Feb. 27
4:01 p.m.: Disturbance, Verbal 
Argument
A subject at Thornton Hospital com-
plained of chest pains and claimed 
the ER staff refused to give treatment. 
Transported to Scripps Hospital. 
10:27 p.m.: Disturbance
A female subject was reportedly yell-
ing and throwing objects near the 
Central Mesa Apartments. Field inter-
view administered. 
Time Unknown: Suicide Attempt
The subject sent suicidal text messag-
es to the reporting party in Warren 
College. Report taken.

— ANDREW HUANG
Staff Writer 

Researchers Use Various Building Materials to Improve Acoustics
▶ NOISE, from page 1

Mandeville Collections Now Contains Over 10,000 Seuss Items
▶ SEUSS, from page 1



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORLAUREN  KOAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

QUICK TAKES EMORY UNIVERSITY ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR ROB STEPHENSON ARGUES THAT AMBIGUOUS COURSE TITLES, SUCH AS “GETTING DRESSED” AND “BLOGGING,” MAKE THEIR ACADEMIC VALUE UNCLEAR FOR GRADUATE ADMISSIONS.

When it comes to college advice, 
almost everyone will say that the 
most important thing is to have fun 
and explore by trying new things. 
Because of the mentality that college is 
a time of experimentation, introduc-
tory classes, freshman seminars and 
fun electives — such as “God, Sex, 
Chocolate: Desire and the Spiritual 
Path” — offered at UCSD are aimed 
to spark interest and conversations 
outside of boring textbooks to create a 
well-rounded education.

In the 21st century, being book 
smart alone is no longer the sole 
deciding factor when it comes to 
college and graduate program admis-
sions. Dean of Admissions Henry 
Broaddus from College of William 
and Mary in Virginia emphasized 
that “a curious mind” gained through 
diverse learning can be “more 
impressive than routinized academic 
achievements.” In today’s job market, 
which values innovation and creativ-
ity, the ability to think and work out-
side the box is becoming increasingly 
more significant than mere grades and 
test scores.

Furthermore, graduate school 
admissions value students’ diverse 
backgrounds over one-dimensional 
learning. The increasing emphasis 
on the personal statement section of 
graduate school applications marks 
the need for students to venture out 
and create their own identity. While 
research-based universities focus 
heavily on mathematics or science 
curriculums, a liberal arts background 
provides a diverse platform to spark 
curiosity.

Essentially, a few adventurous 
courses in a candidate’s academic 
history should not negatively affect 
students’ academic career. Instead, 
the willingness to take on challeng-
ing courses outside of the student’s 
comfort zone reflects valued quali-
ties of curiosity, risk taking and 
open-mindedness. So, alongside the 
rigorous academic classes, throw in 
a few interesting electives to take 
advantage of a well-rounded college 
education.

— YAN GAO
Staff Writer

College Course Titles Alone Are Not Indicative of  Different 
Institutions’ Unique Curriculum Standards 

Courses Unrepresentative of  Typical Academia Spark 
Interest, Stimulate Innovation and Promote Creativity

With all of a student’s accomplish-
ments laid bare in a graduate school 
application, criticizing course titles 
seems irrelevant and fruitless in gaug-
ing their knowledge and experience. 
Course equivalency between U.S. 
universities doesn’t really exist, so it’s 
difficult for graduate school admis-
sions officers to compare classes from 
school to school based on course titles 
alone.

The lack of uniformity in the 
higher education system — be it 
nationwide or even within the rela-
tively unified UC system — results in 
a tremendous range of combinations 
for college students’ possible curricula. 
“Higher education” encompasses a 
variety of educational styles, and each 
institution has its own, individual 
interpretation of major studies that 
correspond to each schedule. Two 
schools might offer deeply divergent 
programs of varying quality or dif-
ficulty, but students from either 
receive the same degree under the 
same title.

For example, while 
Massachusetts Institute of 

Technology and UCSD both offer 
bachelor’s degrees in mechanical 
engineering, MIT’s semester system 
cuts the time needed to complete 
required coursework to almost 
half that of our program. UCSD 
requires six quarters of the math 
20 series to MIT’s two semesters of 
calculus, so it appears as if UCSD 
students take twice as much math 
as MIT students. However, the two 
programs are generally accepted as 
equivalents, so the wide disparity 
remains unexplained. And, bar the 
daunting task of experiencing both 
programs first-hand, there is no 
empirical way to assess the truth of 
this equivalency.

Ultimately, with no standardized 
curriculum, comparing university 
courses and their arbitrary moni-
kers is pointless and counterpro-
ductive. Fortunately, the abundance 
of other, more important details in 
the application can inspire holistic 
and fair evaluation.

— RACHEL HUANG
Senior Staff Writer

The Center for Disease Control and Prevention reports that one in 88 children fall somewhere on the autism spectrum. In addition, countless adults on the autism spectrum live their entire lives 
undiagnosed. Given the prevalence of autism in our society and how little 
we understand of it, this condition deserves more scientific attention and 
public awareness.
     For nearly a decade, the American organization called Autism Speaks 
raised millions of dollars pursuing these goals by appearing on television, 
utilizing celebrities for publicity and becoming the main autism charity 
in public view. Unfortunately, many of Autism Speaks’ views and policies 
make it very problematic in the eyes of the disability community, and 
donors should not treat the organization as the de facto representative of 
autistic people.
     The “autism spectrum” refers to a range of conditions characterized 
by difficulty with social interaction and certain kinds of communication, 
a preference for repetitive behavior and sameness, narrow focus on very 
specific interests and sensory abnormalities. Many people with autism 
who have access to education use alternatives to verbal language like sign-
ing or typing. Many others, including those with Asperger Syndrome, may 
experience no issue with verbal language but instead find difficulty with 
body language and unspoken social rules. Conversely, people not on the 
autism spectrum or any other atypical neurological spectrum are called 
“neurotypical.”
     Autism Speaks’ consistent framing of autism as a debilitating disease 
in need of a cure proves problematic, as it implies autistic people need 
to become neurotypical to lead healthy lives. This attitude, regardless of 
intention, only perpetuates a stigma attached to having autism. Though 

many autistic people and their families may require services and accom-
modations to live comfortably, a more urgent requirement is acceptance 
and understanding from society at large, free of the associated stigma.

The directors behind Autism Speaks also deserve scrutiny. On Jan. 
6, 2014, the Autistic Self Advocacy Network along with dozens of other 
disability groups published a joint letter to the sponsors of Autism Speaks 
criticizing the organization’s exclusion of actual autistic people in its 
leadership. The fact that neurotypicals run Autism Speaks without any 
autistic people in leadership positions may explain its “ableist” decisions, 
including ad campaigns that depict autism as an epidemic and a tragic 
burden on neurotypicals, likening it to natural disasters and terminal ill-
ness. Drawing on pity and fear obviously worsens public perception of 
autism and autistic people. This leads to stereotypes and misconceptions 
including the dangerous myth, propagated in part by Autism Speaks, that 
vaccines cause autism.
     Other autism advocacy organizations like the ASAN itself include 
countless intelligent and articulate autistic people in their ranks, so 
Autism Speaks’ omission should certainly raise red flags. The disability 
community takes its slogan seriously: “Nothing about us, without us.” In 
a world with non-verbal autistic advocates like Amanda Baggs and Lucy 
Blackman, and a number of big-name celebrities with Asperger Syndrome 
like Dan Aykroyd, Susan Boyle, Daryl Hannah and Courtney Love, there 
really is no excuse for Autism Speaks to exclude the people for whom it 
supposedly advocates from leadership positions.
     Autism Speaks’ implicit goal of a world without autistic people dis-
suades prospective autistic advocates from associating themselves with 
the group, worsening the leadership issue. Famous autistic author John 

Autism Speaks, But Not For All

BY THOMAS FINN STAFF WRITER 
ILLUSTRATION BY JENNY PARK 

See AUTISM, page 5

Don’t Cheat 
Your Way 
To Tasty 
Treats

If I’m studying for long enough, I notice myself unconsciously reaching for the nearest bar of 
chocolate. Let me loose near a bag 
of Lay’s, and they will have van-
ished within five minutes. Serving 
sizes are pretty much irrelevant to 
me. It seems that every time I make 
up my mind to close the package 
and actually get some work done, I 
end up snacking uncontrollably just 
a few seconds later.

This is the agonizing quandary of 
self restraint — knowing that the stuff 
we want is bad for us, or in short sup-
ply. Twentieth-century researcher B.F. 
Skinner ascribed this not to any kind 
of “willpower,” but to how we balance 
positive and negative outcomes. In 
each decision is a labored effort to 
determine which benefits and con-
sequences have the most merit. The 
judicious ascetic and decadent gour-
mand in me clash, but after a little 
deliberation, I’ll suddenly become an 
optimist and decide that the conse-
quences really won’t be that bad.

I usually manage to rule 
against self-control several times 
in sequence, assuring myself that 
it will for sure be the “last time” 
I indulge. Much as I desperately 
scramble in the morning to ratio-
nalize staying in bed every time I 
snooze my alarm, I usually end up 
earnestly debating my conscience 
on why I should grab just a couple 
more treats before calling it quits. 
For reasons unknown, the choco-
holic devil perched somewhere in 
my brain tends to have the more 
compelling arguments.

At the foundation of all these 
daily struggles is the short-term/
long-term dilemma. Stanford psy-
chologist Walter Mischel investigat-
ed this in 1970 by placing marsh-
mallows or pretzels in front of chil-
dren and offering them a reward if 
they didn’t eat it. Interestingly, most 
of the kids covered their eyes or 
turned around to avoid the tempta-
tion. As a result of their remark-
able control, they won an extra 
marshmallow. Unfortunately, such 
rewards usually aren’t so clear when 
we’re making decisions.

Long-term benefit is a hard sell 
at the best of times, let alone when 
a cocoa-filled delicacy is tantalizing 
you. But if we consider bigger and 
better, long-term rewards, saving up 
becomes a more attractive proposi-
tion. For example, I enjoy the delu-
sion that the cents I save when skip-
ping out on slightly more expensive 
granola bars will eventually pay for 
an open-topped sports car when 
I’m 30. Whether the penny pinch-
ing will take the edge off my school 
loans, let alone buying a car, is 
another story, but pretending as if 
there’s something truly awesome in 
store after your suffering makes it 
easier to handle.

The glaringly obvious solution 
that most people tend to skip is that 
of the physical barrier. It’s not even 
terribly complicated — there just 
has to be spatial separation from 
the object in question. Doing too 
much impulse buying? Leave the 
credit card at home. And as much 
as it may hurt, if you’re experienc-
ing my chocolate-seeking woes, 
maybe just put the delectable cook-
ies or brownies far out of reach. 
Just think about the payoff come 
beach day…

Kelvi n  Noron ha  
knoronha@ucsd.edu

Thinking Caps

Despite the worthy intentions of Autism Speaks, current practices that 
stigmatize or invalidate autistic individuals must be reformed.



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

(619) 23-GLOBE (234-5623)   www.TheOldGlobe.org

THE WINTER’S TALE
Mark Nelson, Angel Desai, Natacha Roi, Patrick Zeller, Billy Campbell and Paul Michael Valley.  Photo by Jim Cox.

Must Close March 16  ·  Tickets Start at $29

By William Shakespeare   
Original Music by Michael Torke  

Directed by Barry Edelstein

CRITIC’S CHOICE!
Los Angeles Times   •   U-T San Diego

“A must-see, pulled off flawlessly!”
UCSD Guardian

Use Code “UCSD” for $20 Student Tickets*

*Subject to availability, not available in all sections.  Must show student ID when picking up tickets. 1 discount ticket per student ID.

Contact Brianna, UCSD Airway Research Center

619-471-0822

Subjects aged 18-65 with current asthma 
symptoms to grass pollens needed for study 

requiring donation of blood, allergy skin 
testing, pulmonary function testing, and 

completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $575 for completion of 5 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

UCSD ASTHMA BLOOD 
DONOR STUDY:

Contact Dr. Broide, UCSD Department Medicine

619-335-8685

Subjects with past history of cat 
allergy who have outgrown their cat 
allergy needed for study requiring 

donation of blood, allergy skin 
testing, and nasal allergen challenge. 

Will be reimbursed $400 for 
completion of 4 clinic visit study.

UCSD OUTGROWN
CAT ALLERGY STUDY:

ucsdguardian

.
org

YOUR
NEWS
NOW!

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear Editor, 
I want to express my utmost 

gratitude to the Greek Community 
at UCSD and to all the student sup-
port that Sigma Kappa received at our 
annual philanthropy, Sigma Kappa’s 
Best Dance Crew. 

This year was the most successful 
year to date. 22 IFC and Panhellenic 
chapters participated, performing 
dances that left the audience erupting 
in applause and screams. As a chapter, 
we raised over $8,000 to support our 
five philanthropies, which include 
the Sigma Kappa Foundation and 
Alzheimer’s Association. Our goal this 
year was $4,000, and we surpassed 
that number by more than double. 
Every year, we sell raffle tickets, light 
refreshments and accept donations, 
but this year we became more innova-
tive. With the increase in technology, 
we opened a Venmo account and 
also created a donation website which 
brought in over $1,000 alone.

Sigma Kappa’s Best Dance Crew 
is the biggest philanthropy of the 
year, and all of the Greek community 
comes together for the event. It sells 

out every year, and attendees wait 
hours in line to get a much sought 
after ticket. I love that our event 
encourages such unity to bud, and I 
hope that next year our event contin-
ues to expand. 

The amount of dedication that 
the Greek community puts into this 
event is absolutely inspiring. Many 
of the chapters began practicing 
their dance routines in the fall and 
spent countless nights perfect-
ing their moves after long days of 
school and work. Not only do these 
guys work hard on their dances, but 
they also donate so much to help 
fund our philanthropies. 

Several individuals dropped big 
money, upwards of $200, to help 
fund our great causes. I always 
look forward to what each chapter 
is bringing to the stage at Sigma 
Kappa’s Best Dance Crew; it is a 
highlight of my winter quarter. I 
speak on behalf of Sigma Kappa 
when I say thank you all so much 
for making our event one of the 
most successful philanthropies on 
campus. See you next year!

— Karen Lew
Marshall College, Junior 

Sigma Kappa Public Relations Chair

Sigma Kappa Dance Event 
a Philanthropic Success

www.ucsdguardian.org

CAN'T  GET  ENOUGH?   
VISIT  OUR  WEBSITE

LIFESAVERS By Jeffery Lau

Neurotypical Leadership Structure Contributes to Stigmatization

Elder Robison resigned from Autism 
Speaks for this reason in November, 
citing that he had not found success 
in reforming the organization from 
within. This event, among others, 
sparked a movement among autistic 
people and allies to boycott sponsors 
of Autism Speaks, a sentiment that 
has attracted up to 3,000 supporters in 
only two months.
     When an organization receives 
condemnation from the group it tries 
to help, something has clearly gone 
wrong. Undeniably, Autism Speaks 
has helped families of children with 
autism and raised awareness like no 
other organization; its resources can 
still help people, so total condemna-

tion may be counterproductive. At the 
same time, Autism Speaks’ offensive 
views clearly need reform, and when 
potential reformers like Robison feel 
powerless to change minds from the 
inside, this leaves few choices.
     Neurotypicals must view autistic 
individuals as “different, not less” 
and certainly not as sick. In sum, 
as famous autistic advocate Dr. 
Temple Grandin phrased it, “The 
world needs all kinds of minds.” 
Instead of a one-track agenda of 
curing autism, we should focus 
on developing new ways for autis-
tic people to communicate and 
new styles of education that work 
for them. Yes, new treatments to 
relieve undue physical or emotional 
distress must be a priority as well, 

but more importantly, there should 
be fewer stressors in society that 
cause autistic people such pain.
     If word spreads and enough 
allies — as well as autistic people 
themselves — implore Autism 
Speaks to change its harmful views, 
then maybe we can accomplish what 
Robison alone could not. Until then, 
research the goals and spokespeople 
for potential nonprofits before sup-
porting them, carry an awareness 
of the organization’s goals and the 
implications of those goals, and take 
responsibility to reform aspects of 
society that stigmatize or invalidate 
disability groups.

▶ AUTISM, from page 4

readers can contact
thomas   finn    tfinn@ucsd.edu 



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
UCSD Student Grant Program 
(formerly known as Complimentary Enrollment)

Spring Quarter 2014 Dates:  
March 3-7, 2014

(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last.)

Please note: 
There will be NO VOUCHERS 

given out Summer Quarter 2014.

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

ARTS * Drawing: Focus on Perception 
* Intermediate Piano * Nature 
Photography: From Vision to Print * 
Improv 101 * FOREIGN LANGUAGES 
* English to Spanish Translation * 
Portuguese for Communication I * 
Simultaneous Interpretation: Theory 
& Practice HUMANITIES & WRITING 
* Creative Writing I * Copyediting 
I * Writing Online Documentation 

* DIGITAL ARTS * Digital Media * 
Graphics for Digital Media Content 
Creation  * Adobe Dreamweaver I * 
BUSINESS * Project Management 
Boot Camp * Events Management 
*  Financial Decision Making * 
International Trade Operations * 
Careers in Accounting * PUBLIC 
SERVICE & SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
* Introduction to Sustainability 

* Innovation and Integration of 
Sustainable Practices * Fundraising 
and Development * LIFE SCIENCES 
* Stem Cell Biology * Biostatistics * 
Drug  Metabolism * INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY * Web Publishing * 
Visual Studio * Concepts in Healthcare 
IT * HEALTHCARE, BEHAVIORAL 
SCIENCES * Basic Medical Coding * 
Medical Terminology * Play Therapy

Choose from these courses and more. Visit extension.ucsd.edu for a complete listing.



7 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSTACEY  CHIENfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

FROM HALL TO HUMP:
UCSD’S GRAFFITI JOURNEY

Creative expression at UCSD had a permanent home until this past summer, when UCSD administra-
tion closed Graffiti Hall in Mandeville 
Center, a space that students had filled 
with spray paint graffiti for over 30 years. 
Since Graffiti Hall was painted over, 
UCSD students and alumni have voiced 
their anger at its closure and are working 
to find ways to bring back a space for stu-
dent expression through graffiti art.

Graffiti Hall made a brief comeback 
of sorts last Wednesday, Feb. 26, through 
Graffiti Hill, an event hosted by UCSD 
University Centers. Students were given 
markers and 200 spray cans in order to 
create their own graffiti on 12 walls made 
of cellophane, four of which were reserved 
for three selected artists to do complete 
paintings. 

“The purpose [was] to first create an 
event that would allow students to express 
themselves in a different way, which 
is graffiti,” University Centers Senior 
Graphic Designer Armando Abundis, the 
event supervisor, said. “After we finish this 
event, we are going to try and save it and 
make an exhibition out of it. Right now, 
this is basically part of a proposal for a 
more permanent exhibition of graffiti art 
at the location in between High Thai and 
Main Gym.” 

As early as 1981, when Graffiti Hall 
emerged as a creative graffiti space for 
UCSD students, the administration reluc-
tantly accepted the space, according to an 
article about Graffiti Hall in the Feb. 11, 
1985 issue of the UCSD Guardian. 

“According to Linda Murphy, head of 
the [then] Language Lab on the second 
floor [of McGill Hall], the administration 
gave up trying to eradicate graffiti several 
years ago and apparently now has resigned 
itself to a co-existence with the graffiti 
artists’ community,” UCSD Guardian 
Contributing Writer Van Hutchinson 
wrote. “In apparent cooperation, defaced 
walls are conspicuously absent from the 
mainstream of UCSD architecture.” 

During the summer of 2013, how-
ever, the UCSD administration installed 
security cameras in the former Graffiti 
Hall space and posted signs that prohibit 

“any defacement of University property,” 
including “any inscription, word, figure, 
picture or design.”

Student responses online ridiculed 
the administration’s decision to officially 
ban graffiti on campus. Reddit users lik-
ened the repainting of Graffiti Hall to the 
repainting of stairwells in McGill Hall 
and the Applied Physics and Mathematics 
Building. According to their posts, angry 
responses were written in Sharpie on the 
walls in the aftermath of this repainting.

“But among them appeared this 
insightful bit, which forever changed my 
understanding of my relationship with the 
school: UCSD admins value pristine con-
crete over student expression,” Reddit user 
P1h3r1e3d13 wrote.

A.S. Council is also trying to restore 
a home for student expression by bring-
ing back a “Graffiti Art Space” to cam-
pus. Students will be able to voice their 
opinions on the matter by voting on a 
referendum via Tritonlink during Week 2 
of Spring Quarter during the A.S. general 
election. The referendum will be non-
binding; it is designed to gauge the extent 
of student support for the proposed art 
space.

University Centers Marketing Assistant 
Christopher Ma stated that the Graffiti 
Hill event was separate from the A.S. 
Graffiti Art Space referendum.

“I’m neutral towards [the referen-
dum],” Ma said. “I don’t do graffiti, but I 
have a lot of friends that do. For them, I 
can understand it sucks, but I never used 
it, so I’m not going to straight-up lie and 
say I feel bad about it. The referendum is 
separate from what we’re trying to do with 
Graffiti Hill.”

However, some students support the 
free expression that the proposed art space 
would offer. UCSD student Harry Bui 
voiced this sentiment in his post on the 
Graffiti Hill Facebook event page on Feb. 25.

“Believe in freedom of expression, not 
oppression,” Bui wrote. “Do not believe in 
the restriction of free will but push for the 
movement to bypass the conventions of 
the norm.”    

Last Wednesday’s Graffiti Hill event, 
which gave students a temporary 

space for graffiti art, prompts 
reflection on student responses to 

the removal of Graffiti Hall.

BY SOUMYA KURNOOL & SYDNEY RECK
EDITORIAL ASSISTANT & ASSOCIATE FEATURES EDITOR

ADDITIONAL REPORTING BY ALEXIS MARCA
STAFF WRITER

readers can contact
soumya  &  sydney     features@ucsdguardian.org

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 E
R

IK
 JE

P
S

E
N

 /G
U

A
R

D
IA

N
 FILE

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 C
LA

IR
E

 FR
A

U
S

TO
/G

U
A

R
D

IA
N

 

A staircase in the Mandeville Center’s former Graffiti Hall, which WAS painted over after more than 30 years 
this summer. Security cameras were installed throughout the area, and signs posted on walls warn that graffiti is 
prohibited by law.



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

T
o Columbia University oncologist Siddhartha Mukherjee, 
cancer is a living entity with its own personality, quirks and 
behaviors. Mukherjee, the Pulitzer Prize-winning author 
of “The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer,” 
gave a talk last Tuesday, Feb. 25, at Price Center West as 

a part of the Helen Edison Lecture Series presented by the UCSD 
Extension and the Center for Ethics in Science and Technology. Dean 
Nelson, founder and director of 
the journalism department of 
Point Loma Nazarene University, 
moderated the discussion and 
the following Q-and-A session.

Nelson started off the discus-
sion with lighthearted banter that 
gave comic relief to the otherwise 
dark subject of the talk.

“You came to the United 
States from New Delhi at the age 
of 19,” Nelson said. “You went 
to Stanford. You were a Rhodes 
scholar and went to Oxford. Then 
you went to Harvard Medical 
School. You wrote a book and the 
first one wins the Pulitzer Prize. 
Don’t you think this is a little bit 
unfair to the rest of us?”

As an oncologist and a 
writer, Mukherjee is interested 
in exploring “the acquisition of 
knowledge” through cancer.

“If you look at the fourteenth 
and fifteenth centuries, the 
plague becomes not just a prism through which you can view and 
imagine society,” Mukherjee said in the discussion. “It becomes the 
prism. You cannot describe the structure of medieval society without 
taking into account the devastation that was caused by the plague. 
Similarly, [...] it’s becoming increasingly difficult today to look at 
society without looking at cancer.”

Mukherjee believes that humanity and cancer are mirror images 
of one another, which is why in studying the reflection of cancer, he 
thinks we are learning more about ourselves. In his book, Mukherjee 
discusses the relationship we as humans have had with cancer, which 
he sees as a window into the human identity. For example, Mukherjee 
discusses how cancer shows the extent of human arrogance, as doc-
tors and researchers in the early 1900s haughtily approached cancer 
and underestimated its many dangers.

“You cannot get the complete, contemporary culture of the West 
without contending with the fact that cancer has changed the way 
we think about mortality and what we can do about it — about the 
nature of our hubris and our arrogance,” Mukherjee said. “In that 
story [of cancer] is every story.”

Mukherjee noted that the future of cancer is intrinsically linked 

with our own, as the mechanism of evolution that allows us as 
humans to adapt and survive is also what helps the cancer cell to 
continue to survive in the face of the treatments doctors throw 
its way.

“[Cancer] is part of our future, and it comes from a simple idea 
— the very genes that make us successful — if you mutate them in 
certain ways, you unleash a very successful cell,” Mukherjee said. “It 

is not a coincidence that the very genes 
that all our embryos need to grow allow 
cancer to grow.”

Consequently, it is with skepticism 
that Mukherjee reacts to the claims that 
cancer will be cured in the next few 
decades. Rather, he thinks that reaching 
a reconciliation with cancer — not quite 
a cure that could wipe out cancer but a 
state where humans could manage living 
with cancer — in the next few decades is 
much more likely.

“I’m as much a sober optimist as any-
one else,” Mukherjee said. “A reconcilia-
tion [as opposed to a cure] in the next 
few decades is a possibility.”

Mukherjee believes that treatments, 
such as immunological treatments, that 
target the commonalities — the unities 
— between diverse cancers will be most 
effective in the long run. A great deal 
more research still needs to be done in 
that direction, but more importantly, to 
Mukherjee, a public dialogue needs to 
take place.

“I feel like our public conversation about cancer has become ane-
mic — has become too technical,” Mukherjee said. “There are many 
questions that are not being answered. Where are we going? Why 
are we going there? Who is guiding us? Is there a central goal here?”

Compared to the fervor for cancer research in the 1970s and ‘80s, 
Mukherjee says that the fact that the public and researchers alike are 
losing steam in the quest against cancer is what is keeping us back 
from reaching a reconciliation with cancer.

“We need to bring in from inside ourselves the resources we’ve 
used to solve problems before,” Mukherjee said. “[We need] a bol-
stering of optimism, pressure [and] understanding.”

Though Mukherjee acknowledges that academics have made 
strides towards gaining more knowledge about cancer, the transla-
tion of knowledge from the lab to the clinic still needs to happen.

“The real question is how does [academic] knowledge get 
transformed into human treatments and that requires a renewed 
energy,” Mukherjee said. “I think we will find it. I think we will 
find it in the United States and transmit that energy to other 
countries. To our children. And we will begin to solve this series 
of monumental problems.”

REOPENING
CONVERSATION
ABOUT
CANCER

BY SOUMYA KURNOOL EDITORIAL ASSISTANT
READERS CAN CONTACT SOUMYA AT SKURNOOL@UCSD.EDU

Cancer physician and researcher 
Siddhartha Mukherjee, a Pulitzer Prize-
winning author, talks about cancer and the 
future of cancer research and treatment.

PHOTO FROM KRIS KRUG /FLICKR

I feel like our public 
conversation about 
cancer has become 
anemic — has become 
too technical...There 
are many questions that 
are not being answered. 
Where are we going?”

SIDDHARTHA MUKHERJEE

“



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

AZUSA   |   HIGH DESERT   |   INLAND EMPIRE   |   LOS ANGELES   |   MURRIETA 

ORANGE COUNTY   |   SAN DIEGO   |    VENTURA COUNTY   |   ONLINE

Earn your credential and master’s  
degree in education at Azusa Pacific.

Classes start throughout the year.  
Contact us today!
(800) 825-5278
apu.edu/explore/education
graduatecenter@apu.edu 

15094

Complete your degree in as little as 12 months.
APU offers:
•	 Convenient	classes	at	eight	Southern	California	locations	and	online.

•	 More	than	60	ways	to	earn	your	degree	or	credential	in	teaching,	counseling,		
	 physical	education,	and	administration.

•	 NCATE-accredited	programs	recognized	by	all	50	states	and	internationally.

Contact Dr. Broide, UCSD Department Medicine

858-534-2033

UCSD SINUS ALLERGY
BLOOD DONOR STUDY:

Subjects aged 18-65 with current sinus 
allergy symptoms to grass pollen needed for 

study requiring donation of blood, allergy 
skin testing, pulmonary function testing, and 
completion of allergy questionnaires. Will be 
reimbursed $450 for completion of 4 clinic 

visit study over a 2 year period.

the Tritons were projected to place 
11th in the CCAA preseason coach-
es poll.In the CCAA, UCSD ends 
the season first in three-point field 
goals made at 231, second in three-
point field goal percentage and first 
in fewest turnovers per game with 
11.2.

Only graduating three seniors 
and a head coach still only in his 
first year at the helm, the UCSD 

men’s basketball team is made up of 
a young but promising core group 
of players that will be a contender 
in the CCAA for years to come.“I’m 
really proud of this team and appre-
ciate the attitude and effort that 
everyone exerted on a daily basis,” 
Olen said. “Their energy and enthu-
siasm made it a lot of fun to coach 
this team.”

▶ MEN’S BASKETBALL, from page 12

UCSD Suffers Bittersweet End to Season 
With Hard-Fought Victory in Final Game

the second set 25–17.
Collecting themselves for the 

third set, the Tritons took an early 
lead that the Lopes soon whittled 
down. With the set tied at 20–20 
and senior middle blocker Fred 
Stahl on the service line however, 
the Tritons went on a 5–0 run to 
close strong.

Up two sets to one, Grand 
Canyon dominated set four, win-
ning 25–16, but the Tritons rallied 
to take the fifth and deciding set. 
After two kills from senior outside 
hitter Mike Brunsting followed by a 
Grand Canyon error, UCSD led 3–0. 
With help from a rowdy RIMAC 
arena crowd, the home team took 
the final set with a score of 15–6.

Brunsting led the UCSD offense 
and notched his third career dou-
ble-double, adding 10 digs to his 
18 kills.

“We are so happy right now,” 
Brunsting said. “We wish we would 
have gotten one sooner, but it’s still 
really sweet.”

The following night, UCSD host-

ed conference opponent No. 6 UC 
Santa Barbara. The Gauchos’ Matt 
Hanley appeared unstoppable, com-
mitting just one error on 26 swings 
to lead Santa Barbara to victory with 
scores of 25–20, 25–16 and 25–18. 

The Tritons were down early in 
the two first sets, making it difficult 
to climb their way back in. The third 
set was closer, with UCSD starting 
off with a 2–0 lead and scores tied at 
12–12 and 13–13. However, after a 
UCSD error and two Gauchos aces, 
the guests regained momentum and 
completed the sweep.

Redshirt freshman libero Tanner 
Howard made his first appearance in 
a Triton uniform and led the UCSD 
defense, adding a total of 22 digs, a 
team-best for the season. Howard 
also put together a solid passing game 
Friday night with zero reception 
errors on 27 opportunities.

UCSD will face UC Santa Barbara 
again this Friday, March 7 on the road 
and will face UCLA the Saturday, 
March 8.

▶ MEN’S VOLLEYBALL, from page 12

Tritons Will Look for Second Victory 
in UCSB Rematch on Friday, March 7

WATER   POLO

Tritons Best CSULB, Lose to UC Irvine
UCSD stands at 11–7 after beating No. 12 Long Beach and losing to No. 6 Irvine.

No. 11 nationally ranked UCSD 
women’s water polo bested No. 12 
Cal State Long Beach on Friday 6–4 
before dropping their match with 
No. 6 UC Irvine the following day, 
to close a two-game road trip. The 
Tritons now stand at 11–7 on the 
2014 season.

The Tritons found redemption for 
the 9–7 loss against Cal State Long 
Beach earlier this season with the 
strong win.  

Sophomore defense Alexis 
Wieseler and senior utility Sarah 
Lizotte started the Tritons early, scor-
ing both their goals in the first quar-
ter and giving UCSD a 2–0 lead at 
the first buzzer. Cal State Long Beach 
bounded back quickly in the second 
quarter, finding the net three times 

and outscoring UCSD in the period. 
Senior utility Leah Gonzales scored 
the first of her pair before the half, 
bringing the score to a 3–3 tie. 

Both teams recorded one goal 
in the third quarter, but the victory 
was solidified in the fourth period 
after UCSD’s sophomore goalkeep-
er Courtney Miller and the Triton 
defense shut out Long Beach. Miller 
saved seven shots overall, allowing the 
Triton offense to pull ahead.

On Saturday, UCSD met UC Irvine 
at the Anteater Aquatics Center and 
suffered a 13–7 loss, failing to pro-
duce in the second half. Junior attacker 
Jolene Guiliana continued her offen-
sive success from the day before and 
pulled off a hat trick in the loss with 
Wieseler adding a pair of goals. Miller 
saved six in the cage, bringing her 
total to 13 on the weekend.

UCSD came back in the second 
quarter after the Anteaters closed the 
first period with a 5–3 lead to enter 
halftime tied at 6–6. UCSD was shut 
out in the third period aside from one 
goal by senior center Melissa Bartow 
and UC Irvine scored seven times in 
the second half to win 13–7.

The Tritons are on the road again 
next weekend for the Claremont 
Convergence Tournament. 

UCSD is scheduled to face 
Occidental College at 2 p.m. on 
Saturday, March 7 and will meet 
Claremont-Mudd-Scripps in the 
nightcap at 7 p.m. The Tritons will 
close out with games against the 
University of Hawaii and Pomona-
Pitzer on Sunday. 

readers can contact
Rita  Eritsland     reritsl@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
Daniel  Sung     d2sung@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
John  Story     jstory@ucsd.edu 

with the score at 39–22. 
“Dominguez Hills is a very good 

team,” VanDerveer said. “Specifically 
in the first half I thought they com-
peted harder than we did. They were 
a lot sharper than we were. They were 
a lot more aggressive than we were.”

In the second frame, the Toros 
opened up the scoring with a quick 
basket before the Tritons battled 
back, going on a 14–0 run to cut 
the Dominguez lead to just five. 
However, the Tritons would never 
pull any closer as the Toros main-
tained the upper hand for the remain-
der of the game. 

“At halftime our team just [decid-
ed] we were going to go out and play 

hard,” VanDerveer told the Guardian. 
“I thought we made a really good 
push. Unfortunately, we couldn’t 
quite close the gap, but I was proud 
that we came back and competed.”

UCSD finished with 35 percent 
(17–49) shooting from the field 
compared to 40 percent (21–52) for 
Dominguez Hills. The Toros also 
held a 41-to-33 edge in rebounds 
on the night. Seto led the Tritons 
with 15 points, followed by junior 
guard Stephanie Yano who scored 11 
points. Bertsch recorded 8 points and 
a team-high 8 rebounds as well. 

With the regular season conclud-
ed, the Tritons now set their sights 
on the CCAA tournament held in 
Ontario, Calif., with the first round’s 
games set for Thursday, March 6. The 

semifinals are on Friday, March 7, 
with the championship contest set for 
Saturday, March 8 at 7:30 p.m. The 
Tritons, who are slated to face fifth-
seeded Cal State Los Angeles (13–9 in 
CCAA), were 2–0 against the Golden 
Eagles throughout this season.

“[We] understand it’s a different 
level,” VanDerveer said. “The inten-
sity is higher. The stakes are obvi-
ously higher. There are no more dress 
rehearsals. If you win, you play again. 
If you don’t, you go home.” 

The Tritons will fight for the CCAA 
championship at Ontario’s Citizens 
Business Bank Arena, starting with 
Cal State Los Angeles at 5:30 p.m. 

Basketball Set to Face CSULA in First Round of  Tournament

BY  JOHN  STORY  associate sports editor

▶ W.  BASKETBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
Brandon  Yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  F E B R U A R Y  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 NBA stats
4 Meccan, e.g.
9 Silver fish
14 The Rams of the NCAA’s Atlantic 10 

Conf.
15 Popular place to go downhill
16 Something not done
17 Insect’s working hours?
19 Peace goddess
20 Tools with teeth
21 Where users meet
23 Composer Stravinsky
24 Seaman who saw it all?
28 __ Moines
29 Scout’s concern
30 Site of bedlam
31 One-named model on many romance 

novel covers
32 Attention-getting sounds
34 Split end?
38 Young Aussie hoppers
39 Plumbing outlet
40 911 response org.
41 Tiny African threat
43 Gal __
46 London museum’s hidden camera 

locations?
49 __ Alto
50 Must
51 Malice
52 Former #1 woman pool player Corr
53 Where two-wheelers aren’t allowed?
57 __ Corning, maker of Fiberglas
58 Gave in
59 Israeli weapon
60 Do figures, in a way
61 Doglike scavenger
62 Whole lot

DOWN
1 Rotten
2 “M*A*S*H” system
3 Perverted types
4 Impudence
5 Burning issue?
6 News letters
7 Rapper Mos __
8 Back from a trip, say
9 Clown’s accessory
10 Sausalito’s county
11 Charles’s miser
12 Like the road in a classic ballad
13 __ the line
18 Flooey lead-in
22 Little louse
24 Bills for drinks
25 First Arabic letter
26 Ask for more
27 Scrubbing brand
29 Soviet news agency
31 Five-time Emmy winner Tina
32 End in __
33 Attila, notably
34 Western weapon
35 Interstate feature
36 Museo display
37 Fracture treatment
38 Air Force One, e.g.
41 Asian holiday
42 It’s often served with soda
43 End successfully
44 Former NBA star Mourning
45 Chinese menu offering
47 Olympics contest, e.g.
48 Horse __
49 Dispensable candy
51 Hindu sacred text
52 Decks in a ring
54 Light line
55 “__ been meaning to tell you ...”
56 “Jeopardy!” great Jennings

A�ly now!
Email your resume & portfolio to
asgraphicstudio@ucsd.edu

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

BIKES
1970s Peugeot Road Bike RARE with MAFAC 
Package (SDSU) $1- Hello, I have an all origi-
nal and complete 1970 model Peugeot road 
bike for sale. Appraised at over $900. Size is 
around 50 - 54 CM, not sure exactly, but I am 
6 feet and ride great on it, and so does my 
5’10 brother. This bike was made in France, 
and is VERY rare! ALL of this bike is original 
(except brake pads), including the tires which 
still hold air with no leaks! The chrome is in 
good shape, but the crank has some light 
surface rust, yet it still shines. All of the origi-
nal paint is in very attractive shape, and the 
chrome still sparkles when riding. All decals 
are legible and also in very terrific shape. Also 
has the MAFAC RACER brake package, which 
was very expensive at the time. Bike shifts 
well, and can still be ridden. Has original 
Simplex derailleur as well. I purchased the 
bike from the original owner. Willing to do 
partial trade with cash on top on your part as 
well. Listing ID: 82461032 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Trek top fuel 98 mountain bike full carbon 
(rancho bernardo) $1500 - I have Trek top fuel 
98 mountain bike full carbon frame size 15.5 
for sale. The bike year 2004 but in good cond 
and have a lot of upgraded, carbon handle 
bar, carbon stem, carbon seat post, carbon 
water cage, xtr brake, fizik seat, led light....., I 
just don’t have time to ride any more, asking 
$1500 less than haft price, any question, pics 
text me at 858 717 XXXX. Thanks Listing ID: 
82409898 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

RALEIGH C-30 HYBRID ROADBIKE .. 21 
SPEEDS READY TO RIDE .. (Escondido) $190 
-  RALEIGH C-30 HYBRID ROADBIKE .. 21 
SPEEDS READY TO RIDE .. WHEELS TRUED 
STRAIGHT .. GEARS SWITCH PERFECT .. LARGE 
18” FRAME .. SELLING FOR $190 .. CALL (760) 
8fivefive3six5nine Listing ID: 82409897 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation.

ELECTRONICS
Melles Griot Helium Neon laser (El cajon/
lakeside) $150 - For sale a Melles Griot helium 
neon (HeNe) laser. Comes with carrying case, 
laser tube, power supply, and fixed mount. 
This is in new condition. Professional grade 
laser. Listing ID: 82309648 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Flappy Bird ipod 4th generation 32GB - 
$7500 - ipod - Good condition - fourth gen-
eration GB - White - Flappy Bird - ready to 
play Flappy Bird: Created by Dong Nguyen 
Vietnamese game developer. No longer 
available in the market for download or sell. 
Listing ID: 81703335 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Atmomixani Nemesis Matte Mod 
AUTHENTIC* (Downtown) $150 - The Shinko 
S2145 high speed 6” digital photo printer is 
the perfect solution for this growing need. 
this print is a fast, affordable, portable, high 
capacity printer that produces the highest 

Become an 
Egg Donor

(Asian Egg Donors 
in high demand!)

Help create families, 
compensation is generous. 
Seeking reliable, healthy, 

women age 21-30. 
Call today! (877) 492-7411 

or apply online
www.westcoasteggdonation.com

ULTRAZONE Laser 
Tag is Hiring 
For Weekend 
Employment.:
Are you a high energy and 

outgoing person?  Are ready 
for a fast paced and exciting 

part time job?  If the answers 
are YES then email us at 

lasertag@ultrazonesandiego.com
 

“I’m ready to join the 
ULTRAZONE team!”

quality prints in less than seven seconds, 
with as many as 500 prints per hour. This is 
2-3 times faster than most competitive cut-
sheet printers. The Shinko S2145 printer roll 
media yields 700 4”x6” prints per roll, over 
twenty times the capacity of most cut sheet 
printer. High-speed Printing: The Shinko 
S2045 printer can print a glossy four x 6 
print in under seven seconds in the standard 
mode and a five x7 print in twelve seconds. 
Listing ID: 81703333 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information.

PETS
Adopt Sugar a Shepherd, Labrador Retriever 
- Sugar is a Labrador/ Shepherd Mixture, his 
estimated date of birth is 2/2008 and he 
weighs 45 pounds. He is up to date on all 
of his shots and he is fixed. Sugar is a very 
great dog. He is very friendly with people. 
But Sugar prefers no to be around cats. Sugar 
i... see more at Petfinder.com. Listing ID: 
82461121 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Adopt Charcoal a Domestic Short Hair- Why 
I’d make a good companion: Whether we 
snuggle on the couch or enjoy playing with 
toys, I’m at home as long as I’m with you. I 
love to put my eyes and ears to work, soak-
ing up the sights and sounds of the world 
around me. I have a curious nature ... see 
more at Petfinder.com Listing ID: 82461118 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  1 1

 IAMSU! 
PORTER’S PUB

FRI3.07 • 8pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
3 . 0 3  -  3 . 0 9

2 0 1 4

MON3.03
2pm
ZOROASTRIANISM: A SYMPOSIUM – 
GREAT HALL AT THE INTERNATIONAL 
HOUSE
Three speakers will discuss the development 
and impact of the Zoroastrian religious 
tradition. The speakers are Touraj Daryaee (UC 
Irvine), Jenny Rose (Claremont Graduate 
University), and Dayna Kalleres (UC San Diego). 
Free. Open to the public. No registration. 
Contact: religion@ucsd.edu

2pm
ART & SOUL: CD FRAMES – THE ZONE, 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA
Want a shiny new way to capture some 
memories? Come to the Zone to create CD 
Frames! Workshops are free; all supplies and 
materials provided. Space is limited and is first 
come, first served.

7pm
BLABBERMOUTH – THE LOFT, PRICE 
CENTER
Have a song or story to share? Blabbermouth 
is a monthly event held at The Loft, giving 
writers of prose, poetry, and fiction, as well as 
musicians and performers a place to share 
their art. Enjoy some bites and beverages and 
come support your fellow students. Contact: 
ucenmarketing@ucsd.edu

THU3.06
1:30pm
WOMEN OF THE WORLD: A PANEL 
DISCUSSION BETWEEN MEN & WOMEN 
– HUERTA VERA CRUZ ROOM
Wonder how the lives of women vary across 
the world? Come hear current international 
students talk about women in their home 
countries. Sponsored by the Out of State & 
International Students Outreach Coordinators, 
International House, and the International 
Center in celebration of International 
Women's Week. Questions? Contact Shawn 
Fore, Outreach Coordinator, 858-822-6978

3:30pm
FEEL BETTER FAST – THE ZONE, PRICE 
CENTER PLAZA
Come to a FREE workshop hosted by CAPS to 
learn how to cope and manage stress and 
anxiety. Learn relaxation and mindfulness 
techniques to support your well-being.      

4pm
DIVERSITY & INTEGRITY THROUGH ART 
– ERC GREEN
What do the words 'Diversity' and 'Integrity' 
mean to you? Join us on the ERC Green for a 
finger-painting study break extravaganza! A 
contest will be held through Week 10 for all 
interested participants. Come out to meet 
new friends, express yourself, and get your 
hands dirty! Questions? Contact Shawn Fore, 
Outreach Coordinator, 858-822-6978

7pm
FRUIT HUNTERS – THE LOFT
You can find them deep in the jungles of 
Borneo, in the hills of Umbria, and perhaps 
even in your own backyard. They are fruit 
hunters, the subjects of a new documentary 
from acclaimed director Yung Chang [Up the 
Yangtze]. A cinematic odyssey through nature 
and commerce, The Fruit Hunters will change 
not only the way we look at what we eat, but 
how we view our relationship to the natural 
world. [Yung Chang, 2013, Canada, 95 min]. 

WED3.05
10am
LIVES DEPEND ON IT! UC SAN DIEGO 
BLOOD DRIVE – LIBRARY WALK
Lives depend on it! UC San Diego Blood Drive, 
March 4-6, 2014, 10:00a.m. to 3:30p.m., 
Bloodmobile on Library Walk. Schedule an 
appointment by calling 1-800-4MY-SDBB 
(1-800-469-7322) or log onto: 
www.sandiegobloodbank.org and provide 
Sponsor Code: UCPC. Walk-ins are welcome as 
openings are available. Earn points by donating 
blood and shop online at the Donors 4 Life store. 
Questions? Contact Tonia Snee, 858-534-0286

11am
FITSTOP HEALTH ASSESSMENT – THE 
ZONE, PRICE CENTER PLAZA
FITstop is a 20-minute free health assessment 
that measures your level of health and fitness 
compared to others in your age group. Four 
categories are measured: Cardiovascular Health, 
Muscular Strength & Endurance, Body Weight & 
Composition, and Flexibility. See where you fall 
within these categories and learn how you can 
improve your overall health! Workshops are free 
and space is limited. FitStop is hosted by the 
Student Health Advocates. Contact: 
zone@ucsd.edu

2:30pm
DE-STRESS W/ BIOFEEDBACK – THE 
ZONE, PRICE CENTER PLAZA 
Come de-stress with the CAPs Wellness Peers! 
Measure your psychological stressors and learn 
more about what makes you most stressed, 
how it affects your well-being and how to keep 
your stress levels down! Workshops are all free. 
Space is limited and is first come, first served. 
Hosted by the CAPS Wellness Peer Educators. 
Contact: zone@ucsd.edu

FRI3.07
10am
THE FITNESS ZONE: BODYWEIGHT BOOTCAMP – THE ZONE, 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA
A quick circuit training class utilizing your best training tool - your own 
body weight! This class is packed with weight training techniques and 
cardio intervals used by MMA trainers, P90X, and Insanity. Get your 
ultimate workout completed in 45 minutes or less! All levels welcome. 
Lead by FitLife instructor Stephanie Asiddao. Contact: zone@ucsd.edu. 
Website: http://zone.ucsd.edu

12:15pm
MARDI GRAS CELEBRATION AT FRIDAY CAFÉ – INTERNATIONAL 
CENTER
Do you know what Mardi Gras is? Do you want to learn more about the 
traditions and history of Mardi Gras? Come join us on March 7th, Friday of 
Week 9, at Friday Cafe! You can taste some traditional and delicious food, 
enjoy great music, and design your masks!! We also have conversation 
tables, culture corner to introduce you the history, fun facts and culture of 
Mardi Gras!! Questions? Contact Shawn or Malina. Contact: Shawn Fore, 
sfore@ucsd.edu or Malina Doherty, mdoherty@ucsd.edu

8pm
IAMSU! – PORTER’S PUB
Come watch IAMSU! - member of the production team The Invasion and 
the leader of the hip hop group The HBK Gang perform live! All Ages. 
General Admission: $20. Purchase tickets at: 
http://www.showclix.com/event/IAMSU2014. Contact: 
gerardo.soto@porterspub.com

9pm
UCSD HOCKEY VS. UCSB: CALIFORNIA CUP CHAMPIONSHIP – 
KROC ICE
Come out to KROC Ice to check out the 1st place UCSD Tritons play 2nd 
place UC Santa Barbara in the California Conference 2013 Championship 
game. Each game between these two teams has been extremely close, so 
come out for an exciting hockey game that won't disappoint. Make signs 
and be loud! See you there! 6737 University Ave, San Diego, CA 92115. 
Contact: ucsdhockey@gmail.com

SUN3.09
8pm
CATTLE DECAPITATION PERFORMING 
LIVE! – PORTERS PUB (OLD STUDENT 
CENTER)
Check out San Diego's own Cattle 
Decapitation performing live at Porter's Pub. 
Formed in 1996, they have released six studio 
albums with their latest called 'Monolith of 
Inhumanity'. General Admission $12. 
Purchase tickets: 
http://www.showclix.com/event/ 
CattleDecapitation2014. Contact: 
booking@porterspub.com

SAT3.08
8pm
SAN FERMIN WITH SON LUX – THE LOFT, 
PRICE CENTER
San Fermin is the work of Brooklyn composer 
and songwriter Ellis Ludwig-Leone. He focused 
on life's top-shelf issues - youth, nostalgia, 
anxiety, unrequited love - and tied these vast 
themes to different characters through vocal 
contributions from longtime friends. San Fermin 
is not an album of singles but rather a 
sweeping, full-bodied listen with multiple 
distinct peaks and ambitious thematic 
connections. Equal parts producer and 
composer, Son Lux (aka Ryan Lott) bridges an 
unusual gap between old-world music 
discipline and next-level experimentation. 
UCSD Student $6. Purchase tickets at box 
office. https://ucsdboxoffice.com/ 
Online/default.asp. Contact: 
ucenmarketing@ucsd.edu. 

TUE3.04
11am
HEALTHY BACK – THE ZONE, PRICE CENTER PLAZA
Join us EVERY TUESDAY for a free interactive workshop to achieve and 
maintain a healthy back. This workshop will teach proper body 
mechanics and back strengthening exercises. Contact: zone@ucsd.edu. 

3:30pm
TASTER TUESDAY: BODY LANGUAGE – STUDENT SERVICES 
CENTER RM 554A (FIFTH FLOOR, CROUTONS BUILDING)
Communication is much more than speech and writing! Gestures can 
mean different things in various cultures. Help master communication in 
America by learning about body language and its meaning. Food provided 
to all students that participate! This week's topic: Body Language. 
Questions? Contact Shawn Fore, Outreach Coordinator, 858-822-6978

5pm
THE GREY AREA: FEMINISM BEHIND BARS – WOMEN’S CENTER
Join us for a screening of THE GREY AREA--Feminism Behind Bars. This 
film is an intimate look at women's issues in the criminal justice system 
and the unique experience of studying feminism behind bars. Through a 
series of captivating class discussions, headed by students from Grinnell 
College, a small group of female inmates at a maximum women's 
security prison in Mitchellville, Iowa share their diverse experiences with 
motherhood, drug addiction, sexual abuse, murder, and life in prison. The 
women, along with their teachers, explore the 'grey area' that is often 
invisible within the prison walls and delve into issues of race, class, 
sexuality and gender. Contact: women@uscd.edu

8pm
ARGENTINE TANGO CLUB WEEKLY PRACTICA – WEST 
BALCONY, MAIN GYM
The Argentine Tango Club at UCSD presents a weekly practica from 
8-11pm on Wednesdays for everyone interested in dancing tango. The 
first hour (8-9pm) is especially dedicated to beginners and advanced 
beginners. No partner required; no prior experience necessary. For more 
information about the club, visit ucsdtango.wordpress.com and friend us 
on Facebook (facebook.com/UCSDTango) or join the mailing list. Contact: 
ucsdtango@gmail.com

POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORRACHEL  UDAsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

UCSD finished this season one 
point shy of a playoff berth, los-
ing 71–70 to Cal State Los Angeles 
last Friday in the game that would 
decide the Tritons’ postseason fate. 
Despite the heartbreak on the road, 
the Tritons concluded their season 
with a bittersweet victory against 
Cal State Dominguez Hills 61–60.

On Friday night, Cal State Los 
Angeles overcame a seven-point 
deficit with six minutes remaining 
in the game to steal the win over 
the Tritons. The game was close 
throughout, with UCSD having the 
slight 35–33 advantage at halftime. 
The Tritons shot 64 percent from 
the field and an impressive 62 per-
cent from three-point territory in 
the first half.

Two Triton underclassmen, 
freshman guard Adam Klie and 
sophomore guard Treavon Francis, 
provided an offensive spurt at the 
eight-minute mark in the second 
half to give the Tritons the largest 
lead of the night at seven points. 
Klie ended the game with 14 points 
while Francis scored a career-
high 11 points and grabbed seven 
rebounds — also a career high.

The Eagles stormed back to cut 
the deficit down to only one point 
at 70–69 with a minute left in the 
game. The Tritons came up empty 
in the following possession and gave 
the ball back to Cal State Los Angeles 
with only 22 seconds remaining. 
Golden Eagle junior guard Zaid 

Duce drew the foul, sinking both 
attempts to steal the win.

Senior guard James McCann — 
who scored a team-high 15 points — 
drove to the basket in a final effort 
to take the lead but was unable to 
convert as the final buzzer sounded.

UCSD was outrebounded yet 
again 38–26 and 15–7 in offensive 
boards. The Eagles scored 15 sec-
ond-chance points, while the Tritons 
had only four.“We played with a lot 
of heart tonight,” UCSD head coach 
Eric Olen said. “It’s disappointing 
to not get the result we wanted, but 
our guys should be proud of the way 
they competed. I know I am.”

The Tritons traveled to Carson, 
Calif., the following night to play 
its final game of the season. With 
San Francisco State — then tied 
with UCSD for the final playoff spot 
— winning the previous night, the 
Tritons needed to win and hope for 
a San Francisco State loss in order to 
remain in contention.

UCSD took an early lead in the 
first half and did not look back. Up 
by as many as 14 points, the Tritons 
maintained an eight-point lead at 
halftime despite only shooting 20 
percent from three-point territory.
But the Toros slowly cut the Triton 
lead, crawling their way back to 
tie the game at 66 with a little 
less than three minutes remaining.
At around the same time up in 
Northern California, San Francisco 
State was victorious in its final game 
of the season, knocking UCSD out 
of California Collegiate Athletic 

Association tournament contention.
With the clock winding down, 

the Tritons found themselves in a 
situation not so different from the 
night before. Down by only one 
point with less than 35 seconds left 
on the clock, the Toros had one 
possession remaining to take the 
lead and win the game. Dominguez’s 
final shot — a corner three-pointer 
— would just miss at the buzzer 
and allow the Tritons to end their 
season with a victory.Three Tritons 
finished the night in double dig-
its. Sophomore forward Drew Dyer 
ended his sophomore campaign 
with a double-double, scoring 18 
points and collecting 10 off the glass. 
Klie scored 11 points, while redshirt 
freshman guard Aleks Lipovic made 
15 points, hitting 5–9 from beyond 
the arc. In the final game of their 
collegiate career, McCann scored 
eight points and had 10 assists 
while senior guard Matt Bailey had 
four points in six minutes of play. 
McCann also ended the season as 
the CCAA leader in assists.“Tonight 
was a good response after last night’s 
disappointment,” Olen said. “We 
took care of our end but unfortu-
nately didn’t get the help we needed 
to make the tourney.”

The Tritons end their season 
with a league record of 11–11, sev-
enth place in the 12-team CCAA. 
Although one game shy of mak-
ing the playoffs, the season was far 
from a disappointment considering 

The UCSD men’s volleyball team 
earned its first win of the season, 
beating nonconference opponent 
Grand Canyon University in five sets 
before losing to UC Santa Barbara 
the following night at home. With 
the result, UCSD’s overall record is 
now 1–16 and 0–15 in the Mountain 
Pacific Sports Federation.

“It’s nice to win,” UCSD head 
coach Kevin Ring said after Friday’s 
match. “I’m really proud of the guys. 

We’ve worked real hard all year, and 
we just haven’t gotten the results 
we’ve wanted.”

UCSD was in desperate need of a 
victory Friday night. The first game 
turned out to be a tough battle, fea-
turing six lead changes and 15 tied 
scores, but the Tritons ultimately 
bested the Antelopes to win the first 
set 30–28. 

But committing nine errors on 
just nine kills, Grand Canyon took 

MEN'S  BASKETBALL MEN'S  VOLLEYBALL

Volleyball Records First 
Victory of  the Season
The Tritons ended their season-long losing slide with 
a win against Grand Canyon, but fell to No. 6 UCSB.

BY  Rita  Eristan d  Editorial Assistant

The season ended with a one-point loss to CSULA and a win over Dominguez Hills.
UCSD Falls Just Shy of  CCAA Playoffs

BY    Dan i el  Su ng    Editorial Assistant

See MEN’S VOLLEYBALL, page 9See MEN’S BASKETBALL, page 9

Tritons Clinch 
Playoff Berth

WOMEN'S  BASKETBALL

This past weekend, the UCSD women’s bas-
ketball team clinched a postseason berth with 
a 68–61 win against Cal State Los Angeles on 
Friday night before falling the following day 
to Cal State Dominguez Hills 71–61 in its final 
game of the regular season. With all their games 
behind them, the Tritons (16–10 overall) fin-
ish in fourth place in the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association and will face Los Angeles in 
the conference tournament on Thursday, March 6. 

The Tritons officially solidified a spot in the 
six-team CCAA tournament after Friday evening’s 
victory against Cal State L.A. 

Senior guard Megan Perry led the Tritons in 
scoring, racking up 20 points along with six assists. 
Perry was outstanding in three-point territory, 
sinking six of nine attempts from beyond the arc. 
UCSD together shot 37 percent (21–57) from the 
field on the night while the losing Golden Eagles 
sank 41 percent (23–56). 

“From the tip we really controlled the whole 
tempo of the game,” UCSD head coach Heidi 
VanDerveer said. “Our guards [junior] Miranda 
Seto and Megan Perry were very aggressive.”

The difference proved to be in the box-out 
game as UCSD grabbed a total of 45 rebounds 

as opposed to Los Angeles’s 30. With the edge 
in rebounding, the Tritons put up 22 second-
chance points while the Golden Eagles scored 
only 10. 

UCSD was also strong from the free-throw 
line, making 81 percent (17–21) of their shots 
from the charity stripe, while Los Angeles made 
only 63 percent (10–16). 

Though the Tritons never ran away with the 
game, UCSD held on to an early first-half lead for 
the entire contest. The Golden Eagles did cut the 
Triton advantage to just three midway through the 
second frame, but an 8–0 run — including a pair 
of three-pointers from Perry — officially closed 
out the game, handing Los Angeles its fourth con-
secutive loss. 

Junior guard Miranda Seto finished with 11 
points and five rebounds, while junior forward 
McKennan Bertsch and senior forward Erin 
Dautremont both racked up 10 points and a team-
best eight rebounds each. 

On Saturday, Cal State Dominguez Hills started 
strong, building up a lead against UCSD before 
closing out the half with a 17-point advantage 

UCSD finished its regular season fourth in 
the CCAA after splitting its final two contests.

BY  Brandon Yu associate sports editor   illustration   by   zoe mccracken

See W. BASKETBALL, page 9

PHOTO BY SIDDHARTH ATRE/GUARDIAN

W. Tennis
M. Tennis
Baseball

W. Basketball
Softball

   3/4
   3/6
   3/6
   3/6
   3/6

VS Barry 
VS Barry
VS Cal State Dominguez Hills
VS Cal State L.A. (CCAA Playoffs)
AT Sonoma State

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


