
IT’S HAPPY 
HOUR

It’s always happy hour 
somewhere. Check out the 

Guardian’s take on a handful 
of locations to visit for the 

next time you’re looking for 
food and drinks at a deal.

REPLACING  GEISEL

TOURNEY  PREVIEW

innovative student  id   design

tritons  look  to  upset  bruins

opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

THURSDAY
H 67  L 58

FRIDAY
H 69 L 60

SATURDAY
H 69 L 60

SUNDAY
H 75 L 62

FORECAST

VERBATIM
...consider 
making a 
leather-
bound book 
your new 
companion 
for the next few years. 
You’ll thank yourself later. ”

- Hilary Lee
RHYME OR REASON

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
New Business ................. 3
Editorial .......................... 5
“Neighbors” Review ........ 7
Crossword .................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

“

lifestyle,  PAGE  6

PHOTO COURTESY OF AQUA DESIGN INNOVATION

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 52 THURSDAY, MAY 8, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

According to a report issued on 
May 1, Global CONNECT, UCSD 
Extension’s research division, 
partnered with Creative Class Group, 
an urban-studies consulting firm 
based in New York, to advocate for 
the establishment of a “frictionless 
border” to encourage binational 
economic growth between the United 
States and Mexico.

The report, called “From Border 
Barriers to Binational Promise: 
What the Future Could Be With 
a Frictionless Border,” lists several 
demands that include improving 
cross-border infrastructures at 
ports of entry, diminishing the 
role of the U.S. Department of 
Homeland Security in border patrols 
and increasing the role of the U.S. 
Departments of State and Commerce.

Co-author of the report and 
Dean of UCSD Extension Mary 
Walshok explained that the term 
“frictionless” represents the 
researchers’ vision of a border that 
supports economic development 
between the U.S. and Mexico.

“By ‘frictionless,’ we are referring 
to the need for management, security 
and monitoring systems that will 
allow travelers and delivery trucks 
to cross the border more fluidly,” 
Walshok said. “In doing so, we will 
not lose the economic opportunities 
we are losing today.”

According to the report, 
the inadequate transportation 
infrastructures at ports of entry restrict 
the flow of traffic, resulting in the loss 
of job opportunities and billions of 
dollars in economic activity.

The co-authors of the report, 
Walshok and the founder of the 
Creative Class Group Richard Florida, 
cited a study conducted by a San 
Diego-area government organization 
in 2007 revealing an estimated loss 
of $2.9 billion and 40,000 jobs in the 
region between San Diego County and 
Baja California.

On a larger scale, the study showed 
that the U.S. and Mexican economies 
lose about $7.2 billion and 62,000 jobs.

Walshok addressed the concerns 
regarding illegal drugs, undocumented 
citizens and potential terrorists against 
relaxing border restrictions.

“Research has shown that, as a 
percentage, very few drugs have been 
apprehended in cars at the border,” 
Walshok said. “Additionally, terrorists 
tend to travel by air, not by car, so 
there is a concern that the U.S. has 
significantly over-responded to 
security issues without recognizing the 
economic benefits.”

Former San Diego director of 
field operations for U.S. Customs and 
Border Protection Rudy M. Camacho 

SAN  DIEGO

Researchers 
Advocate a 
“Frictionless 
Border”

BY   Karen to
Senior Staff Writer

A.S.  COUNCIL

Several California schools have been named to a recently released list of higher education institutions that are under investigation for 
potentially violating federal Title IX provisions 
pertaining to gender discrimination in sexual 
violence and harassment complaints. The U.S. 
Department of Education Office for Civil Rights 
included UC Berkeley on the list, released May 1, 
along with 54 other public and private universities 
and colleges. 

Thirty-one female students made three federal 
complaints against UC Berkeley, citing that the 
university failed to protect them against sexual assault. 
The first complaint was a Clery Act complaint issued 
in May 2013. The students later issued a second Clery 
Act complaint in addition to a Title IX complaint on 
February 26 through the Office for Civil Rights after 
not hearing back from the federal government for 
almost nine months. 

According to California State Auditor press contact 
Margarita Fernandez, four California public schools — 
UC Berkeley, UCLA, San Diego State and Chico State 
University — have also been under investigation by 
state auditors since August 2013. The full report will 
likely be available this June.

Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 
prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in education 
programs and activities, including the manner in which 
sexual assault complaints are addressed. The Clery Act, 
which only applies to postsecondary schools, requires 
full disclosure of sexual assault proceedings to both 
parties and cannot require complainants to abide by 
non-disclosure agreements.

In a press release, the U.S. Department of Education 
defined sexual violence, as referred to by federal law, 
as “physical, sexual acts perpetrated against a person’s 
will or where a person is incapable of giving consent 
— including rape, sexual assault, sexual battery, sexual 
abuse and sexual coercion.”

According to the White House “Know Your Rights” 
fact sheet on Title IX, “if a school knows or reasonably 
should know about possible sexual harassment or 
sexual violence, it must promptly investigate to 

determine what occurred and then take appropriate 
steps to resolve the situation.”

In a statement published in UC Berkeley News 
Center on Feb. 25, UC Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas 
Dirks said the university will expand sexual assault 
policies and resources available to students. 

“I have allocated resources to create a new position 
that will assist victims in navigating the reporting 
process and help survivors secure emotional support 
and resources in the aftermath of an assault,” Dirks 
said in the statement. “The Confidential Survivor 
Advocate position will be a central and confidential 
point of contact.”

Media Specialist of the UC Office of the President 
Brooke Converse said UCOP began a process of 
updating sexual assault policies last year after President 
Obama enacted the Violence Against Women 
Reauthorization Act, which focuses on ensuring proper 
wording in sexual assault policies and raising awareness 
on how to prevent and handle sexual assault.

“The federal government did not specify how 
to implement new requirements, and there are a 
couple of state bills that may affect UC sexual assault 
policies,” Converse said. “We foresee continuing to 
make changes.”

The UC system established a Title IX Compliance 
Advisory Committee, which includes UC students, to 
ensure UC Title IX policies are aligned with federal 
regulations. In addition to the committee, prevention 
and awareness education programs have been 
established across UC campuses, along with changes to 
the wordings of the sexual assault policies.

“It is very important that sexual assault is taken 
seriously,” Converse said. “We want students to know 
that we are here to help and that we will continue to 
review policies and work with them.”

UCSD Title IX Coordinator Lori Chamberlain said 
communication among departments regarding sexual 
assault cases contributes to proper compliance with 
Title IX regulations.

“We have tried to be proactive, both in ensuring 

UC  SYSTEM

UC Berkeley Undergoes 
Federal Investigation

The university may have violated Title IX provisions pertaining to 
gender discrimination in cases of sexual violence and harassment.

BY  Tina  Butoiu  Contributing writer

See INVESTIGATION, page 3

The report lists changes 
at the U.S.-Mexico border 
that encourage economic 
growth in both countries.

See BORDER, page 3

TAKING THE REIGNS
The new A.S. Council held its first meeting Wednesday night. Above (from left): A.S. President Robby Boparai, Speaker Colin King, A.S. 
Advisor Hayley Weddle, and A.S. Director Heather Belk at the meeting. Read our hopes for the new council in OPINION, page 4. 

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 V
IV

IA
N

 L
U

O
N

G
/G

U
A

R
D

IA
N



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Secret Agent Jew.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Salena Quach

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa, Joselynn Ordaz

Copy Readers
Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Rosina Garcia, Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker

SILLY MUMENTS By Annie Liu

OFFICIAL SUN GOD 2014
MERCHANDISE

IN sTORE OR SHOP ONLINE - SGF.ucsd.edu

ON SALE NOW

JENNY AND THE JETS By Jenny Park

UCSD School of Medicine 
researchers discovered that beta-
catenin, a previously overlooked 
protein, plays a crucial role in pro-
moting hematopoietic stem cell 
recovery after cancer treatments. 
These findings were published in 
the May 1 issue of the Genes and 
Development journal. 

Traditional cancer remedies usu-
ally involve large chemotherapy and 
radiation doses, both of which can 
be fatal due to accidental destruc-
tion of exposed hematopoietic stem 
cells — bone marrow cells that pro-
duce blood cells. To counter this, 
patients are usually given replace-
ment transplants to help replenish 
their blood stores, although success 
is not always guaranteed. 

UCSD pharmacology professor 
Dr. Tannishtha Reya and colleagues 

from several institutions used mouse 
models at Duke University to fur-
ther study radiation’s effects on these 
stem cells. They observed that radia-
tion exposure triggers a critical cel-
lular signaling pathway called Wnt 
in hematopoietic stem and progeni-
tor cells, thanks to the body’s self-
monitoring mechanisms that detect 
when tissues are damaged.

“The Wnt pathway and its key 
mediator, beta-catenin, are critical 
for embryonic development and 
establishment of the body plan,” 
Reya said in an April 30 UCSD News 
Center release. “In addition, the Wnt 
pathway is activated in stem cells 
from many tissues and is needed for 
their continued maintenance.”

According to Reya, lower organ-
isms often use the Wnt pathway 
for regenerative purposes. The team 
tested this pathway to see if it could 
be utilized in human clinical treat-
ments. In their models, the research-

ers found that the mice, which were 
made deficient in the beta-catenin 
protein, could not activate the Wnt 
pathway, leading to poor bone mar-
row recovery from radiation therapy.

The study confirmed that the 
Wnt pathway can significantly 
increase its activity after sensing 
radiation damage, therefore increas-
ing the rate that destroyed stem cells 
are replaced. The team now looks 
toward ways of applying the discov-
ery in real-life scenarios.

“Our work shows that Wnt sig-
naling is important in the mam-
malian hematopoietic system and 
is critical for recovery from chemo-
therapy and radiation,” Reya said 
to the News Center. “While these 
therapies can be lifesaving, they take 
a heavy toll on the hematopoietic 
system from which the patient may 
not always recover.”

She added that the research 
could have implications for improv-

ing cancer cures because the risk 
of collateral damage to normal tis-
sue limits radiation’s effectiveness, 
and even patients that successfully 
undergo treatment may not recu-
perate in time to fight off secondary 
infections or anemia. The work on 
beta-catenin contributed to a larger 
project focused on developing coun-
termeasures to both medical and 
accidental radiation exposure.

“Understanding how the body 
regenerates normally might allow us 
to devise ways to enhance recovery 
in times of need, and that was the 
driving rationale for our work,” Reya 
told the UCSD Guardian. 

Future research will help cre-
ate effective methods to mimic or 
accelerate the positive effects of the 
Wnt signaling pathway and its beta-
catenin proteins in patients.

SCIENCE  AND  TECHNOLOGY

Researchers Study Cancer Treatment Recovery Mechanism
A previously overlooked protein, beta-catenin, may counteract both medical and accidental radiation exposure.

BY  An d rew H uang
Senior Staff writer

readers can contact
andrew  Huang     aehuang@ucsd.edu 



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

told the San Diego Union-Tribune 
that he opposes the establishment 
of a frictionless border and believes 
that a consensus must be reached 
among the U.S. agencies overseen 
by Homeland Security to efficiently 
set policies.

“You cannot set policy 
unilaterally,” Camacho said. 
“Working cooperatively is how 
policies and operations are designed.”

Florida regards border congestion 
as a major issue hindering economic 
growth that must be addressed 
sooner, not later.

“Place, not statehood, is the 

central axis of our time and of our 
global economy,” Florida said in an 
online May 1 PR Newswire article. 
“In this age of epochal economic 
challenges, we need to open doors, 
not close them.”

that UC San Diego has policies and 
practices in accordance with [the] 
Office for Civil Rights guidelines 
and in encouraging any reports of 
potential violations of our sexual 
harassment or sex offense policies,” 
Chamberlain said. “We have also 
worked hard to be sure that all of 
the right offices communicated well 
with each other regarding particular 

cases so that investigation and 
potential discipline processes were 
fair and efficient.”

The UCSD Sexual Assault and 
Violence Prevention Resource Center 
provides immediate and persistent 
response to sexual assault complaints 
in order to create a safe environment 
for students.

“When we learn about an incident, 
either from a victim or someone 
affiliated with them, we immediately 

contact the victim,” SARC Director 
Nancy Wahlig said. “Then we reach 
out and make sure they know what 
resources are available to them and 
ensure that they get help.”

Wahlig added that SARC is 
available to students and anyone else 
assaulted on campus at all hours, 
seven days a week.

▶ INVESTIGATION, from page 1

Complete the survey by May 23 for your chance to win!
Sponsored by UC San Diego Student Life and University Centers

Looking for OFF CAMPUS housing?

Tell us about your search experience
for a chance to WIN an iPad mini or
Triton Cash gift cards!

bit.ly/liveoffcampus

New A.S. Council Talks Binge 
Drinking, Che Cafe Changes

This week at the A.S. Council 
meeting, I was very excited to see all 
the new faces!

Former A.S. Council President 
Andy Buselt, along with former VP 
Student Life Linda Le, presented their 
new “R.A.P.” video which spoke about 
drinking safely on campus and what 
procedures to take if a friend has 
alcohol poisoning: 
Call 911 and 
tell your RA! A 
representative 
from the 
Panhellenic 
Council, Carolyne Chen, came in to 
discuss how Greek Life collaborated 
with Council for the video.

Outgoing AVP Concerts and 
Events Sarah Harley explained how 
A.S. Safe Rides will be in operation 
the day of Sun God Festival 2014 and 
that UCSD students should sign up 
early because they will not be able to 
sign up on the day of.

“Shuttles will be running at least 
an hour longer than usual, and this 
year we have a partnership with 
Uber...to go wherever you want to 
go off-campus,” Harley said. “Tell 
[your friends] that they are stupid for 
thinking about drinking and driving 
— there’s always other options.”

Outgoing AVP College Affairs 
Meena Kaushik stressed the need 
for collaboration and positive 
relationships with other student 
governments on campus.

“We need to respect each other 
to have a unified voice, which is 
definitely what we need on this 
campus,” Kaushik said. “You can start 
this year differently and amend these 
bridges for us to move forward.”

University Centers Advisory 
Board Chair Sammy Chang hosted 
spoke on the 2014–15 campus budget 
and finances, along with planned 
construction at UCSD.

The Che Cafe Cooperation, which 
hosts many concerts and events on 
campus, is not updated on all the 
necessary renovations such as ramps 
for the handicapped, additional exit 
doors and fire safety systems like 
sprinkler alarms and a fire alarm 
system. Due to the lack of funding for 
those renovations, the fire marshal is 

threatening to shut 
it down completely 
if UCSD does 
not comply 
with the fixes. 
Therefore, the 

Che Cooperative will be moving 
to the Student Services Center and 
scheduled Che Cafe concerts will be 
held at Porter’s Pub until the building 
has been renovated. 

A new program called UEO3 is 
also a high priority for the Student 
Fee Advisory Committee due to 
the fact that UCSD has the same 
binge drinking rate as San Diego 
State University. Sadly, I’m assuming 
we only establish that rate every 
year during the Sun God Festival. 
Consistency, people!  

Chang explained how all parking 
permit money will be funneled into 
new parking areas and structures. He 
also introduced new renovations for 
Sixth College.

“Capital planning wanted to 
convert Pepper Canyon Hall into 
an auditorium so they would call 
it ‘Pepperbowl,’ like the Hollywood 
bowl,” Chang said. “The Capital 
Planning also wanted to remake Sixth 
College and renovate Camp Snoopy 
and the apartment area, but I’m not 
sure how much of it will happen.”

Each of the colleges have their 
individual master plans on the 
UCSD website.

I welcome all the new Council 
members and look forward to a 
productive year in A.S.! 

meryl  press 
mpress@ucsd.edu

new  business

▶ NASA Funds UCSD Twin Space Study
NASA awarded UCSD School of 

Medicine professor Brinda Rana funds 
to study fluid flows in the brains to 
determine how long-term space flight 
affects fluid pressure in the brain and 
its implications for vision during and 
after space travel, according to a UCSD 
News Room report. 

The project will begin in March 
2015 with identical twin astronauts 
Scott and Mark Kelly serving as its 
subjects. Scott will spend one year on 
the International Space Station while 
Mark, the husband of former Arizona 
Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, 
will remain on Earth. This will be the 
first time that any human will stay in 
space for an entire year.

Professor Rana hopes this project 
will impact health care on Earth 
by shedding light on potential new 
treatments for traumatic brain injuries, 
glaucoma and “water on the brain.”

▶ Chancellor Releases Strategic Plan
UCSD Chancellor Pradeep K. 

Khosla announced the university’s 
first-ever Strategic Plan at a Town Hall 
on April 24. The plan outlines five 
goals and thirteen strategies to help 
UCSD “transform California and a 
diverse global society by educating, 
generating, and disseminating 
knowledge and creative works, and 
engaging in public service.... to be a 
student-centered, research-focused, 
service-oriented public university.”

The Chancellor explained that 
several steps have already been taken, 
including a commitment to hire 80 
new full-time faculty over three years 
and investing in 100 seed grants for 
interdisciplinary projects that pair 
faculty with students. UCSD has also 
established the Graduate Student 
Growth and Excellence Initiative , 
created and expanded the Chancellor’s 
Associate Scholarship program. 
Finally, administrators reorganized 
UCSD’s administrative structure, 
evaluated its existing revenue sources 
and reviewed the current budget 
resource and allocation model.

BRIEFS by  Jacky To   Contributing writer

readers can contact
jacky  to    j6to@ucsd.edu 

UCSD Policies Are in Accordance with Office for Civil Rights

readers can contact
Tina Butoiu     cbutoiu@ucsd.edu 

▶ BORDER, from page 1

Camacho Argues Homeland Security Should Oversee Decisions

readers can contact
karen to     kato@ucsd.edu 



After the well-publicized feud between outgoing 
VP External Affairs Vanessa Garcia and much of the 
Keep it REAL slate winners last year, A.S. Council’s 
productivity faltered tremendously as a result. With a 
rare sweep of all campuswide and academic posi-
tions, Tritons Forward has a strong opportunity to 
implement the Council unity and productivity that 
it promised during the campaign. As the selection 
process for Associate Vice Presidents gets underway, 
we hope, for the second year in a row, that slate poli-
tics will not dictate Council appointments and that 
a pluralistic group of AVPs can find their way to the 
fourth floor of Price Center.

With the new AVPs in place, we hope that Coun-
cil meetings can focus exclusively on community 
building and campus initiative and that members will 
not succumb to the same political divisiveness that 
wasted a large chunk of the Fall 2013 sessions. 

The most wonderful day of the year (on the UCSD campus, at least) is just around the corner, though we 
very nearly missed out this year. While health and safety concerns have been the theme leading up to Sun 
God Festival 2014, the issue of adequate funding also threatens the future of the event. A combination of 
the new safety measures and the lack of guest passes caused a $195,000 hit on A.S. Concerts and Events’ 
budget, and if the Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs hadn’t stepped in, we might have lost our best 
campus tradition this year. Council needs to take action to guarantee that ASCE will have the funding it 
needs to keep Sun God Festival going strong next year and for years to come.

OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Channel
Churchill
and Start
a Journal

hilary  lee hhl009@ucsd.eduRhyme  or  reason

When most people think of writing in a journal, images of prepubescent 
girls scribbling in colorful Lisa 
Frank notebooks come to mind. 
However, this schema only per-
petuates the problem of journaling 
becoming an increasingly dying art. 
Far from being young and imma-
ture children, many great thinkers 
such as Charlotte Bronte, Winston 
Churchill, Ralph Waldo Emerson 
and Virginia Woolf were all avid 
keepers of the book. Numerous 
presidents have also kept them 
for posterity, while others, such as 
Lewis and Clark, used them to log 
their travels.

Journaling has many benefits: It 
sharpens writing skills, helps you to 
keep track of goals and ideas, allows 
for self-reflection and serves as a 
time capsule of mundane details 
you will be grateful to revisit in 
the future. Forbes personal brand 
writer William Arruda asserts that 
successful people habitually keep 
journals that allow them to assess 
both personal and work-related 
strengths. UCLA psychologists have 
also found that penning thoughts 
onto paper reduces activity in the 
amygdala and makes people happi-
er, a finding they term the “Bridget 
Jones effect.” 

To begin, pick a medium. 
This can range from a simple 
spiral-bound notebook or a fancy 
Moleskine (for the elitist hipsters) to 
Tumblr or even Google Drive. Next, 
choose a consistent place and time of 
day and make this a non-negotiable. 
No matter if I am travelling in Hong 
Kong, pulling an all-nighter, cram-
ming for a midterm or coming back 
in the wee hours of the morning 
after a night out, I make it a point to 
always fit in a couple of lines before 
bed. Lastly, you need to make it rou-
tine. Starting a journal — like those 
laughable New Year’s resolutions to 
become a RIMAC rat — is easy, but 
the hard part is preventing yourself 
from fizzling out. It is advisable to 
add a reminder to your to-do list 
or calendar until the task becomes 
hardwired into your brain.

Your entries need not be verbose 
or philosophical either. On days in 
which you may not have the energy 
or desire to write, a simple state-
ment attesting to this sentiment will 
suffice. I have gone through vol-
umes of journals since I was 9 and 
currently keep a low-maintenance 
“One Line a Day” journal that only 
allots me space enough to write a 
line or two every day over a five 
year timespan. The beauty is that, 
similar to Twitter, concision is key 
— the most powerful statements are 
oftentimes the shortest. On the day 
Theodore Roosevelt lost both his 
mother and his sister, he simply and 
poignantly wrote: “The light has 
gone out of my life.” It is sufficient 
to just jot down brief descriptions 
of the activities you did and the 
people you did them with or a sin-
gle sentence that encapsulates how 
you felt that day.

The next time you are at Barnes 
& Noble, linger in the journal sec-
tion and consider making a leather-
bound book your new companion 
for the next few years. You’ll thank 
yourself later, after the pixels of 
your memory burn out and the old-
people haze starts to creep in.

The ridiculously long lines at shuttle stops around La Jolla are becoming too commonplace now, and 
now is the time that our student leaders prioritize fixing them. Unfortunately, far too much of cam-
pus remains insulated from the gravity of the crisis — last year’s A.S. Council made an informative 
video, but many students still don’t know just how many transportation services will be lost should 

the transportation referendum fail. While we have seen stirrings of an awareness campaign, Council 
needs to take a more proactive role in the referendum process to get voter participation up. Thousands 
of students depend on the buses and shuttles to get to class every day and we need to ensure that they 
get the transportation resources that they need. The new A.S. Council has the power to mobilize the 
student vote — we hope that they make good use of it. 

1.

2.

Promote the Transportation Referendum 

Find Solutions to Fund Sun God Festival

Our 2015 A.S. Council Wishlist
Now that the newly inaugurated A.S. councilmembers have held their first meeting, 
they bring high expectations with them for the new term. The Guardian Editorial 

Board compiled a wishlist of the changes we hope to see.

We’ve witnessed student organization funding dip from $500 to $100 over the years, and we 
hope that A.S. Council knows that dipping into the Mandate Reserves to fund student org 
programming is not at all sustainable. Whether we need to consider a minor fee referendum, 
cutting funding for Pancake Breakfasts or giving away fewer free teddies at Bear Gardens, 
Council needs to improve the ways in which it organizes and supports funding for our 600 
student organizations on campus. Student organizations bring life to UCSD, and it should be 
an utmost priority to find a solution for bringing funds back to those student groups.

3. Increase Student Org Funding 

Due to the issue of backfunding to college 
councils coupled with unnecessary, sassy com-
ments, the outgoing A.S. Council and college 
councils did not maintain friendly or even profes-
sionally cordial relations. That is not to say that 
the fault rested entirely on either A.S. Council or 
on college councils, as both sides exhibited blatant 
displays of pettiness. We hope and expect that 
this new A.S. Council and the incoming college 
councils leave the petty tendencies behind and seek 
a civil and even collaborative relationship this year. 

As this A.S. Council is largely without council 
experience, they do not have bad memories or 
vested animosities toward college councils, and 
thus are expected to begin on good terms with 
them. For those with previous council experience 
— both in A.S. Council and college councils — we 
hope that these negative feelings can be forgotten.

4.Improve Relationships With College Councils 5. Avoid Slate Politics in Council Appointments

Accountability was a large component of the Let’s Act! campaign, and we think that the suggestion 
of releasing a regular A.S. report card is one Triton’s Forward would do well to adopt. One of the 
disappointments of the past term was that, in the midst of a divided council and the ongoing struggle 
to settle the transportation issue, many senator projects fell by the wayside. While there were some 
commendable efforts like the Study Space Map, completed projects this past term were a little sparse. 
During election season, Triton’s Forward members also had some intriguing ideas that we would 
definitely like to see implemented. A quarterly report card would not only ensure transparency, but it 
would also hold these new senators to their word.

6. Ensure Accountability & Complete Senator Projects

We also hope to see a push to bring Division I sports to UCSD. Seeing as the average amount of 
debt for UCSD graduates has risen 20 percent in the last 10 years, however, A.S. Council would 
need to find a way to introduce a referendum that is still within the average student’s budget. A 
move to Division I would reward athletes for their achievements and also establish UCSD as a 
university known for both its athletic and academic excellence. But perhaps most importantly, 
becoming a Division I campus would foster greater school spirit for the student body as a whole. 
During elections, several members of Tritons Forward voiced strong support for the idea of 
bringing Division I athletics to UCSD. Now that they won the election, we are eager to see the 
steps that Council will take to raise support for a D-I referendum.  

7.Start a Realistic Push for D-I Sports

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG

ILLUSTRATION BY ANNIE LIU

ILLUSTRATION BY ROCIO PLASCENCIA

ILLUSTRATION BY ANNIE LIU

ILLUSTRATION BY ROCIO PLASCENCIA

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

110 MEDICAL SCHOOLS
30 PHARMACY SCHOOLS
30 DENTISTRY SCHOOLS
25 NURSING SCHOOLS

25 PUBLIC HEALTH SCHOOLS

15 VETERINARY SCHOOLS
25 GRADUATE SCHOOLS

15 PA SCHOOLS
10 PHYSICAL THERAPY PROG.

10 OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY PROG.

CONFERENCE WILL INCLUDE:  

Registration, Transportation, & Housing Packages from UCSD Available For Under $100

Join us at the largest Pre-Medical & Pre-Health Conference in the Nation!

UCDPREHEALTH.ORG

WHY SHOULD I ATTEND?
Meet over 1200 Admissions and Health Professionals
Over 300 Workshops

Excellent Networking Opportunity
Deans of Admission Panels and Q&A

FUNGLY By Kyle Trujillo

Incoming freshmen and transfer students will all receive newly designed campus ID cards, 
which will feature an image of 
the Triton statue instead of Geisel 
Library. Aside from the major 
aesthetic change, the reverse side 
of each student ID card will also 
include campus emergency contact 
numbers. A.S. Council, the Office 
of External and Business Affairs and 
the Campus Card Office are hopeful 
that incorporating our university 
mascot on an item so regularly used 
by the entire student body will help 
promote campus spirit. Whether 
this change in design will actually 
inspire real school pride is still to 
be determined, but the new con-
tact information and the inevitable 
safety benefits that come with it 
definitely seem promising. 

The new ID cards will serve as 
tools to increase student awareness 
about resources that are designed 
to establish a safer campus. For a 
majority of students, their student 
ID is the key to their dorms, 
provides them access to study 
rooms and library loans and is with 
them at almost every moment. Its 
ubiquity is such that if a change 
is being made to promote spirit 
and safety, this may be an ideal 
medium through which to do it. 
Since every incoming freshman 
will receive the new card design, 
they will immediately have the 
opportunity to become familiar 
with on-campus resources such 

as the UCSD Police Department, 
Community Service Officer Escort 
Hotline and Counseling and 
Psychological Services contact 
numbers. Continuing students who 
have lost or broken their cards are 
also eligible to get the new one. 
This new design promotes acces-
sibility to student services and will 
encourage more students to utilize 
campus resources.

The addition of emergency con-
tact information is not only conve-
nient but will also promote campus 
safety. UCSD police reported 12 
incidents of forcible sex offenses 
last year, 11 of which were reported 
on campus and nine of which were 
in student housing, according to 
the 2013 Annual Security Report. 
The report also noted 27 incidents 
of burglary — 24 of which took 
place on campus. By including 
emergency contact information on 
student ID cards, bystanders can 
easily contact authorities in times 
of crises and encourage crime 
reporting to the campus police. 
Ultimately, this addition could 
potentially help report and reduce 
crime at UCSD. 

The aesthetic appeal of the new 
design is up for interpretation, but 
most students care more about their 
awkward orientation day photo 
rather than their Geisel Library 
backdrop. Changing the image on 
the student ID card won’t neces-
sarily lead to a tangible increase in 
school spirit, but increasing campus 

Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Rachel Huang
MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
MANAGING EDITOR

Kelvin Noronha
OPINION EDITOR

Morgan Jong
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

Gabriella Fleischman
NEWS EDITOR

Yan Gao
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Aleksandra Konstantinovic
MULTIMEDIA EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 2014. 
Views expressed herein represent the majority vote of the 
editorial board and are not necessarily those of the UC 
Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the 

Guardian staff. 

New Campus Cards Promote Spirit and Safety

resource accessibility will definitely 
promote campus safety. Ultimately, 
this new ID card is a step in the 
right direction to make UCSD a 
safer community.

GOT ISSUES?
WE WANT TO HEAR ABOUT THEM

SEND YOUR LETTERS TO 
OPINION@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

BE HEARD BY THE STUDENT BODY{ }

Dear Editor,
As the summer heat begins to 

roll in and that itch to skip class 
for the beach becomes all the more 
tempting, let us not forget that we 
are in one of the worst droughts 
in California’s history. Statewide 
snowpack is now 82 percent lower 
than average, reservoirs are at 64 
percent of their normal capacity 
and the cost of produce is expected 
to rise by as much as 34 percent. 
Talk about summertime sadness!

The drought is in line with a 
number of increasingly erratic 
weather patterns that we are seeing 
around the country — weather that 
we can attribute to global warming. 
Scientists overwhelmingly agree 
that climate change is caused by 
human production of greenhouse 
gases. As an economy, California is 
the 12th largest emitter of this pol-
lution in the world, with the largest 
source of that pollution coming 
from our cars and trucks.

Something must be done to 
curtail our emissions. But how can 
we do it?

Pledge CALPIRG, that’s how. 
For the past year, CALPIRG has 
been mounting a giant grassroots 
campaign called Charge Ahead 
California to jumpstart electric 
vehicle sales by expanding funding 
for existing EV rebate programs, 
charging stations and car sharing 
programs. We have been working 
with a broad coalition of consumer, 
traditional environmental and envi-
ronmental justice groups to pass SB 
1275 here in California. CALPIRG 
students have collected and deliv-
ered over 20,000 public comments 
from students across the state, 
held over 50 individual meetings 
with legislators in Sacramento and 

engaged well over 100,000 students 
on the issue. Thank you if you have 
supported us!

Unfortunately, despite our suc-
cess, our fight to protect California’s 
future is far from over. The funding 
for the Charge Ahead California 
policies will not come from tax-
payers but from fees levied on 
California’s biggest polluters. These 
are some of the wealthiest and most 
powerful special interests in the 
world, and they have done and will 
do everything in their power to 
stop progress from being made.

That is exactly why college 
students founded CALPIRG over 40 
years ago: to stand up to powerful 
special interests to protect the 
public interest and the interests of 
students. As students, we cannot 
match the oil industry’s funds when 
it comes to campaign contributions 
and lobbyists. For the last four 
decades, we have been harnessing 
the power of the grass roots to 
make big changes, and that’s where 
you come in.

This week, you will doubtlessly 
see CALPIRG volunteers around 
campus and in your classrooms 
asking you to join us in this fight by 
becoming a member and pledging 
$10 a quarter on your tuition bill. 
In order to stand up to these pow-
erful special interests, we need the 
funds to hire professional staff to 
do the necessary research, organiz-
ing and advocacy it takes to win.

 So when you see a CALPIRG 
volunteer, stop and fill out the card 
so that you can help clean up our 
air and stop global warming. Come 
to our clean car show from 10 a.m. 
to 3 p.m. on Thursday, May 8 on 
Library Walk too!

— Natasha Luther
CALPIRG Intern

Alex Acuna 
CALPIRG Campus Organizer

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Pledge CALPIRG to Help 
Reduce Global Warming

@UCSDGUARDIAN
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER

Editorial



A&E EDITOR // JACQUELINE KIM 
ENTERTAINMENT@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG
LIFESTYLE EDITOR // VINCENT PHAM
LIFESTYLE@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ARTS | FOOD & DRINK | MOVIES & TV | MUSIC | THINGS TO DO

WEEKEND Get Psyched: Tripping 
Through 
Psych Rock

Given life by The Beatles (no big 
deal) and immortalized in the music 
of artists like Jimi Hendrix and Pink 
Floyd, psychedelic rock is a genre 
that dips into blues, folk and plain 
old rock ‘n’ roll. Not only is it his-
torically diverse, but the genre also 
established the forward-thinking 
elements that gave rise to progres-
sive metal and post-rock as well as 
helped introduce the concept of suc-
cessful fusion between genres. One 
might assume that this drastic evolu-
tion had rendered psychedelic rock a 
memory, but in actuality, it has only 
expanded to include a startling vari-
ety of subgenres.  

Causa Sui: What would this list 
be without an instrumental group? 
Hailing from Denmark, Causa Sui 
(Latin for “cause of itself ”) plays a 
rollicking brand of psychedelic rock 
that wanders and jams for around 
seven minutes a song without losing 
an ounce of your interest. Like its 
namesake, each new melodic idea 
(whether it is funk, jazz or straight-
up shredding) grows organically 
from the last, building sweeping 
tracks of deceptive complexity. 
Tracks to try: “Homage,” “Euporie,” 
“Latte Rock.”

The Drones: The inclusion of 
Perth, Australia’s The Drones might 
make it seem as though I have some 
kind of international quota to fill, 
but this band sincerely rules. Lead 
singer Gareth Liddiard brings his 
raw howl to a busy procession of 
blues, rock and garage, and the mix 
yields a surprising vulnerability to 
the sweeping guitars and pattering 
drums. Add the off-key riffing of 
punk — and a distinct knack for 
slowing things down — and you’ve 
got the kind of rock that pulls at all 
sorts of heartstrings you didn’t know 
you had. Tracks to try: “How to See 
Through Fog,” “Shark Fin Blues,” “A 
Moat You Can Stand In.”

Red Fang: The term “stoner 
rock” can be easily misunderstood; 
as a subgenre of psychedelic rock, 
the name refers to the hazy, dis-
torted wash of guitars and often — 
goofy, good humor of any band that 
embodies it. While Oregon’s Red 
Fang certainly has these qualities 
in spades, what sets it apart from 
the moniker is its knack for crafting 
catchy melodies and racing leads, 
as well as a kind of high energy that 
approaches the roar of metal with-
out losing its grip on rock. Tracks 
to try: “Prehistoric Dog,” “Wires,” 
“Night Destroyer.”

Have a Nice Life: Far from the 
high-velocity rumble of stoner rock, 
“shoegaze” is an ambient form of 
the genre that drifts and mean-
ders through startling and often 
dingy landscapes. A fine example 
is Connecticut’s Have a Nice Life, 
which weaves layers upon layers 
of industrial rumblings, dissonant 
chords and churning melodies over 
drifting vocals to create a kind of 
bare intimacy that builds quiet intro-
spection just as readily as foot tap-
ping. Tracks to try: “Hunter,” “The 
Big Gloom,” “Burial Society.”

The disparities between each 
group presented here reveal the 
depth and range of this genre. Just 
as their psychedelic forebears did, 
these artists push and twist the defi-
nition of the entirety of rock, adapt-
ing fragments of convention into a 
sound as unique and vibrant as the 
genre itself.

jonah  yonker
jyonker@ucsd.edu

undersound

Barrio Star is a hidden gem on the western side of Balboa Park in Banker’s Hill. Reminiscent of an adobe 
hut, the striking reddish-orange exterior of this small corner restaurant stands out on a mostly residential street. 

Barrio Star’s fresh and healthy take on traditional Mexican foods and drink is worth trying during happy hour, 
which takes place daily from 5 to 7 p.m. While the prices are a bit steep for students during regular hours, patrons 

can take advantage of $5 margaritas and sangria and a host of appetizers and tacos — all under $6. The restaurant offers 
unique takes on classic drinks including a blood orange margarita with freshly squeezed blood orange juice, which makes it tangy and replaces the ordi-
nary lime quite nicely. Other margarita flavors include roasted jalapeno and blackberry and strawberry-banana. The organic potato taco ($3) was filled 
with lightly fried potato, spices, queso blanco and veggies, and the Pequeno Bowl ($5) was a mini version of a traditional taco bowl with frijoles de la olla, 
carnitas, queso blanco and house-made chips and salsa. Both items were delicious and healthy — the beans from the Pequeno Bowl were full of fresh garlic 
and tomato flavors but were not greasy or heavy. Barrio Star’s food was appropriately portioned for its reasonable happy hour prices. The restaurant is also 
vegetarian and vegan friendly — most of the happy hour menu includes tofu or soy chorizo as meat alternatives.

HAPPY HOUR: Daily from 5 to 7 p.m.
REGULAR HOURS:
Mon. to Thurs.: 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., 5 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.
Fri.: 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., 5 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.
Sat.: 9 a.m. to 10:30 p.m.; Sun.: 9 a.m. to 9:30 p.m.

3112 University Ave.
San Diego, CA 92104

U
S

E
D

 W
ITH

 PERM
ISSION FROM BARRIO STAR

Barrio Star

USED WITH PE
RM

ISS
ION

 FR
OM

 U
31

U31
HAPPY HOURS: Mon. to Thurs. 5 to 8 p.m.

REGULAR HOURS:
Mon. & Wed.: 5 p.m. to 12 a.m.

Tues., Thurs., Fri. & Sat.: 5 p.m. to 2 a.m.
Sun.: 10 a.m. to 12 a.m.

3112 University Ave.
San Diego, CA 92104

Located in the center of North Park, U31 is mostly known as “that one bar in North Park with a 
mechanical bull.” U31 is more than just a bar — it’s also a concert venue that hosts a slew of local bands 
and has weekly karaoke; it’s a great place to get cheap food to go along with cheap happy hour drinks. Bar 
food usually has a bad reputation, but this bar has perfected simplicity with great taste. Nothing is extraordi-
narily unique about the menu — the normal “bar fare” of burgers and fries, wings and tacos are served daily. 
That said, these foods are served at a discounted price and are worth the couple bucks for the large portion 
sizes. Happy hour is from 5 to 8 p.m. on Monday through Thursday, 4 to 8 p.m. on Friday and 12 to 6 p.m. on 
the weekends. Happy hour foods and prices vary during the week and include $2 tacos and draft beers on Tuesdays 
and 31-cent buffalo wings on Wednesdays in addition to a large specialty drink and beer menu, with prices ranging from $4 and 
up. Saturdays are the best time to go for U31’s half-off burgers, which are reduced to $3 to $5. The American burger was well worth its $4 — full of fresh let-
tuce and tomato, the classic burger is cooked perfectly and comes with a side of fries for an extra $2. Come Sunday morning when you’re feeling rather hun-
gover, head to U31 for its “brunch burger” ($5), a breakfast burger with eggs, bacon, avocado and jack cheese, $3 mimosas and $5 Bloody Marys.

Oscar’s famous seafood tacos have been a staple in Pacific Beach for years. Its new Hillcrest loca-
tion delivers the same great taste but has more than adequate seating, air conditioning and even accepts 

credit and debit cards, unlike its sister store. The menu at Oscar’s is simple, but its standard item is one 
worth talking about: the battered fish taco. The best part is these hearty tacos are only 99 cents Monday 

through Thursday from 2:30 to 5:30 p.m. This happy hour deal is one of Oscar’s best kept secrets as it’s not 
advertised anywhere on the menu or in the restaurant. These fish tacos are always piping hot and are loaded with 

freshly chopped lettuce, tomatoes and onions. Patrons have the choice to decorate them with an array of hot sauces 
including red chili, habanero and chipotle. Ask for a fresh lemon on the side to give a refreshing and tangy kick to your taco! 

HAPPY HOUR: Mon. to Thurs.: 2:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m.
REGULAR HOURS:
Sun. to Thurs.: 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.
Sat. to Sun.: 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.

646 University Ave.
San Diego, CA 92103

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 A
LW

IN
 SZETO /GUARDIAN

Oscar’s Tacos

IT’S HAPPY HOUR
If you’re strapped for cash but still want a good deal on food and drinks, look no further than the many bars and 

restaurants in the Greater San Diego area. Have a sip and take a bite out of the Guardian’s Happy Hour.

USED WITH PERM
ISS

ION
 FR

OM
 E

L 
C

AM
IN

O

El Camino
HAPPY HOUR: Mon. - Fri.: 5 to 7 p.m.

REGULAR HOURS
Mon. & Wed.: 5 p.m. to 12 a.m.

Tues., Thurs., Fri. & Sat.: 5 p.m. to 2 a.m.
Sund: 10 a.m. to 12 a.m.

2400 India Street
San Diego, CA 92101

El Camino has perfected the intersection between great food and great ambiance. The bar is remi-
niscent of a scene out of a Quentin Tarantino film, adorned with vintage-inspired art and brightly colored 
vinyl furniture. On weekdays from 5 to 7 p.m., patrons can enjoy half off of all nachos and quesadillas, in 
addition to $3 beer, sangria and margaritas, while Tuesdays also include half off tacos all night. The Camaron 
Asado tacos at happy hour price ($7.50) are delicious and priced fairly given the large portion size. Pan seared in 
garlic and chili, the tacos came out piping hot and loaded with fresh cilantro. The tacos (along with the rest of El Camino’s happy hour meals) 
are less like appetizers and more like full-sized entrees that can easily be shared between two people. The margaritas ($3) are tangy and fresh, 
decorated with chili and salt and were served promptly. Extra bonus: Free chips and salsa are served all night! 

BY AVI  SALEM  STAFF writer  DESIGN   BY  ZOE MCCRACKEN



If “Neighbors” is what happened 
when Zac Efron’s “High School 
Musical” character went to college, 
then it’s no wonder it didn’t make 
the Disney Channel cut.

Teddy Sanders (Efron) is presi-
dent of the Delta Psi Beta fraternity, 
which has recently moved next 
door to new parents Mac (Seth 
Rogen) and Kelly Radner (Rose 
Byrne). When the boys first move 
in, Mac and Kelly are invited to 
party with the college students and 

indulge in their fraternity lifestyle. 
By the end of the night, Mac and 
Teddy are “crossing swords” in the 
fountain and off to start a beauti-
ful bromance. Their relationship 
quickly dissipates, however, after 
the fraternity throws a party that 
keeps the Radner family up all 
night, forcing the Radners to call 
the police on their neighbors, 
incurring Delta Psi Beta’s wrath. 

“Neighbors” begins by using the 
common trope of exhausted, new 

parents at a social low point that 
can’t even stay up late enough to 
go out to a concert. Disappointed 
with themselves for their sud-
denly introverted lives, they quickly 
accept when Teddy asks them to go 
to a party. The couple is thrilled to 
be traveling back in time to the col-
lege party scene — with the baby 
monitor strapped to their side, of 
course, as any responsible parent 
would do. 

At this point, the movie departs 
from any cliche themes by giving 
a fresh demonstration of what the 
term “frenemy” means.

Teddy is another role Efron 
may be using to distance himself 
from his early acting years, but he 
succeeds in portraying a hilarious 
frat boy (with a hot bod). Efron 
shows that he can do comedy well 
enough to keep up with notoriously 
funny man-child Rogen. Making no 
attempt to move away from his pre-
vious films, Rogen has returned to his 
pot smoking, immature, father-figure 
character from “Knocked Up.” Rather 
than coming across as a redundant 
part, he plays the role flawlessly. 

Rogen’s portrayal of Mac is a 
perfectly executed comedic act 
that keeps the audience constantly 
cracking up. 

The movie keeps the audience 
rolling in laughter with over-the-
top shots of the wild fraternity. 
During the day, Delta Psi Beta just 
looks like another house on the 
block. However, at night, this film 
takes no shortcuts in order to cre-
ate multiple epic parties. The house 
is hot boxed and has black lights 
streaming all over underdressed 
college students who are drinking 
and doing whatever drugs they can 
get their hands on. The cinema-
tography perfectly encapsulates the 
feeling of a college rager, solidify-
ing this movie’s status as one to be 
remembered. It is humorous as a 
parody to college life and a visually 
engaging film. 

In addition to throwing par-
ties to drive the Radners from 
the neighborhood, the boys pull a 
series of pranks on the unsuspect-
ing parents. The family of three is 
not as docile as expected as they get 
revenge by trying to get Teddy and 

his brothers thrown out of their 
house by using the dean to ban the 
frat and by destroying their house. 
In order for the undergraduates to 
earn money to repair the damage 
from the prank war, which involves 
a sudden, suspicious water leak 
(very sneaky Mac), the frat engages 
in unorthodox money-raising 
techniques such as selling dildos. 
“Neighbors” pushes the boundaries of 
entertainment with numerous dirty 
jokes throughout the film but never 
overdoes it enough to make the com-
edy feel forced onto the audience. 

It is easy to mock Greek college 
life in a movie — and yes, there is 
some of that — but what this film 
does well is creating actual con-
nections between the characters 
that the audience can relate to. 
The combination of Mac’s need for 
approval from the college boys and 
Teddy’s need for a friend culmi-
nates in an unorthodox yet funny 
relationship that viewers will enjoy.

—     Devon   Munos
STAFF WRITER

WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

Directed by Nicholas Stoller
Starring  Seth Rogan, Zac Efron, Rose Byrne, Dave Franco, Christpher Mintz-
Plasse, Lisa Kudrow
Rated R
Release Date May 9

NEIGHBORS
In this latest outrageous comedy, Rogen and 
Efron battle it out over a neighborhood and will 
keep audiences laughing long after they have left 
the theater.

FILM   REVIEW

 Frat boy Teddy Sanders (Efron) first meets new parents Mac (Rogen) and Kelly (Byrne) after moving in next             
 to them. Photos courtesy of AceShowBiz.



The original Extraordinary Desserts shop 
in Banker Hill is the smaller, albeit cozier, of 
the only two locations in San Diego. In con-
trast to D Bar with its larger, open space, this 
particular Extraordinary Desserts maintains 
a more intimate cafe setting, as it was one of 
San Diego’s original espresso coffee houses. 
The indoor lighting is warmly lit yet bright 

enough that you can see the food and people around you. Rather than being seated before you 
order, you order first, where you can see and choose the desserts you want, all presented and 
laid out while you’re in line to the cashier. The presentation of the desserts is beautiful — their 
signature edition of flowers (and in some cases gold flakes) is of a simpler design, and hence 
getting the food to go won’t diminish its aesthetics. This is definitely preferred for those who 
can’t devour their delicious dessert in one sitting after a full meal. There are varying levels of 
epicure confections depending on what you order. The Linzer Danish ($5) is a buttery pastry 
topped with fresh raspberry preserves and pink flower petals. The Lemon Bar ($3.50) is a bit 
on the tart side, lessened with a fine dusting of powdered sugar and some gold flakes on top 
of the lemon custard fill. Their ice cream ($4.50) — from Bailey’s to pistachio to blackberry 
cheesecake — is another delectable option from the endless tirade of sweets. However, the 
Passion Fruit Napoleon ($8.95) takes the cake with its three layers of puff pastry, tart lemon 
cream and just the right amount of passion fruit whip cream in between; all of this is topped 
with fresh seasonal fruit, flowers and cream. Extraordinary offers a huge selection of tea and 
coffee instead of alcoholic beverages, and the aroma of tea, coffee and sweets adds to the warm 
cafe atmosphere.

Located in the thriving Hillcrest area, D 
Bar sells entrees and appetizers on top of its 
well-known gourmet saccharides and ethanol 
combination. The glass sunroof and the large 
glass windows that make up the entrance filter 
in sunlight and create an open atmosphere for 
family and friends. The bar is mostly depen-
dent on natural lighting during sunlit hours 
because the interior lights are weak; however, 
this lighting creates a romantic, warm glow 

at night. At D Bar, the food is slow to arrive, but the wait is worth it. The Cake and 
Shake ($10) is a slice of three-layer chocolate cake paired with a vanilla, chocolate or 
raspberry shake of your choice. If you prefer a minimalistic artistic dish arrangement, 
try the d=mc^2 ($10), which tastes like a combination of Reese’s peanut butter and a 
chocolate bar. The Poco Coco Loco ($10) is a mouth-bursting, multi-layered fusion of 
coconut panna cotta, basil, passion fruit cloud and tapioca pudding and a vanilla maca-
ron on top. Depending on the dessert, eating one of these by yourself after a full meal 
may overwhelm your taste buds and appetite. Instead, grab a couple of different ones to 
share with a group, such as the tart Poco Coco Loco with the almost too-decadent Cake 
and Shake. Down it all with $3 mimosas during happy hour.

8     T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  WEEKEND

WINNER

DELICIOUS DUEL OF DELECTABLES
BY THUY PHAM EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

SHOWDOWN
The Guardian visits two similarly themed dessert bars, samples their best offerings and 

decides which will win a culinary duel for the last man standing. This week’s dessert bars:

D Bar
3950 5th Ave., San Diego, CA 92103
Mon.: Closed
Tue.: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Wed. to Fri.: 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Sat.: 10 a.m. to 12 a.m.
Sun.: 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.

Extraordinary Desserts
2929 5th Ave., San Diego, CA 92103
Mon. through Thu.: 8:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. 
Sat.: 10 a.m. to 12 a.m.
Sun.: 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. 

EXTRAORDINARY DESSERTS
Extraordinary Desserts wins for its relatively cheaper price, its quality desserts, its ability to cater and be taken to go and its not-as-overwhelmingly 

decadent options on the menu. For the average college student, D Bar dishes out a heftier tab, from a close range of $8 to $12 while Extraordinary has a 
larger range from $3.50 to $10 for dessert that’s just as good. Nevertheless, both gourmet dessert places can be frequented by all types: couples, friends 
and families.

D BAR, E=MC2

PHOTO BY MICHELLE LOUIE /GUARDIAN
EXTRAORDINARY DESSERTS, CHOCOLATE CAKE

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO /GUARDIAN

W ith the 2012 Tony Award-winning Broadway play “Memphis” under his belt, 
Christopher Ashley, artistic director 
of the La Jolla Playhouse, returns to 
the scene to direct yet another smash 
musical. Ashley opts to follow the 

period of rock ‘n’ roll music follow-
ing the Vietnam War with his play 
“Chasing the Song,” which reflects his 
and his team’s penchant to explore the 
evolving American genres of music 
through time. The play will run from 
May 9 to June 15 at the playhouse.

Guardian: What can you tell us about 
“Chasing the Song”?
Christopher Ashley: For me, this play 
is a reunion of sorts; this is the team 
[who] created the musical “Memphis” 
getting back together. But this musical 
[“Chasing the Song”] is about a moth-

er and daughter who are both break-
ing into the male-dominated world 
of making music in the 1960s. And 
it takes place right before the British 
Invasion of The Beatles when they 
came over [to the U.S.]. It’s rock ‘n’ 
roll; it has a big dance life. But it’s also 
about a glass ceiling, how music gets 
written, how people express them-
selves through music and [about] 
cultural change. Especially from the 
Vietnam War, American culture is 
changing, and the musical looks at 
that change through a mother-and-
daughter group of Jewish songwriters.

G: Who are the mother and daugh-
ter characters, and what are their 
respective backgrounds?
CA: Edie, who is the mother, owns a 
music-publishing business at the epi-
center of new American music writing 
in the 60s. She chose to have a work 
life instead of being a stay-at-home-
mom, and her daughter Jinny shows 
up really wanting to be a songwriter 
as well, but she’s been turned down all 
of her life, so her last choice is to work 
for her mom, who is also the only one 
willing to give her a shot.
 
G: What was the process of creating 
the musical?
CA: In terms of the process, this is a 
musical that began its life in a concert 
reading in our DNA series a year ago. 
It really just exploded off the page, 

which led me to spend the last few 
years working it out.
 
G: What sorts of discussions do you 
hope the audience will have after see-
ing this play?
CA: We have talkbacks every single 
night. This play is about the 1960s 
and music and gender, and I hope 
that the discussion is about [how] 
the world is really staged and in what 
ways civil rights issues and equality 
issues stand today.

G: You’ve been a part of many pro-
ductions. In what ways has this dif-
fered?
CA: I think this one has been about 
the artists and audience together 
finding a piece and reworking it and 
discovering it straight through the 
route. This time, it’s all about that 
process and discovery about what is 
working and not working from an 
audience.
 
G: What were some of the obstacles 
you faced going into the production?
CA: Finding the cast has been com-
plicated because we need them to act, 
dance and play an instrument really 
well — they’re the band themselves. 
It’s a lot to ask for from one person, 
but the casting process was heroic.

 —     CHRISTIAN  GELLA
STAFF WRITER

Q&A: CHRISTOPHER ASHLEY  

 Tony Award-winning director Christopher Ashley attends a meeting to discuss his new rock ‘n’ roll 
 musical “Chasing the Song.” Photo used with permission from The La Jolla Playhouse.



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9
LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY
RESEARCH STUDY: 

Do you suffer from:
runny/stuffy nose, watery/itchy eyes,

congestion, sneezing, sinus pressure?

Do you get hay fever?

Do you experience allergies that are induced by a change in the 
season? We are looking for allergic individuals to donate blood to 
help us study how seasonal pollens such as weeds, grasses, or trees 
induce allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how your immune system may cause allergies.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, you will 
be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to what is provided at 

a blood bank) and compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

(Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get HAY FEVER?

Do you suffer from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 
blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You 

will be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 
 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information.

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 
Do you enjoy the smell

of fresh-cut grass?
Is a picnic under a newly

blossoming tree enjoyable?
We are looking for people that do not suffer from allergies to 
donate blood to help us study how seasonal pollens cause 
allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how the immune system causes allergies and why 
non-allergic people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, 
you will be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to 

what is donated at a blood bank) and compensated $100 for 
your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

DELICIOUS DUEL OF DELECTABLES
BY THUY PHAM EDITORIAL ASSISTANT

Between classes, midterms and Netflix marathons, it is hard to find the time to go 
to the gym. But with summer fast 
approaching and no foreseeable end 
to the crop-top trend, many believe 
that the gym is their only option 
to get in shape. However, there is 
a way to still get in shape without 
having to walk to RIMAC or the 
Main Gym. YouTube gives you the 
option to stay in the comfort of 
your own room while still having 
access to a virtual personal trainer.

Besides the vast amount of 
music, homemade and cat videos 
on YouTube, there are a number 
of fitness channels with certified 
instructors that have workouts that 
are not only effective, but don’t 
require you to actually leave your 
house. Here are three channels that 
will get you started on getting fit 
without having to go to the gym. 

First up is Lionsgate’s BeFiT 
channel which offers videos that 

feature well-known trainers such 
as Jillian Michaels, Jane Fonda and 
Billy Blanks. The channel has near-
ly 700 workout videos and releases 
new workout routines every week, 
which offers you a vast variety of 
options. In addition to the dance, 
yoga, abs and cardio workouts 
available on the channel, there are 
both 30 and 90-day workout sys-
tems that keep you on track with 
your program, allowing you to get 
fit in a time frame that works best 
with your schedule.

Second, Blogilates offers both 
workout and healthy lifestyle videos 
created by Cassey Ho, a certified 
fitness instructor and creator of 
Pop Pilates. Cassey creates all the 
videos, which include Pilates, abs 
and legs, herself. The variety of vid-
eos allows you to target the parts 
of your body you want to work 
on. Besides being informational, 
Cassey is extremely motivational in 
all her videos, pushing you to finish 
the workouts. 

Finally, Tone it Up features 

complete arm, abs, yoga, legs, butt 
and cardio workouts. Certified 
personal trainers Katrina Hodsgon 
and Karena Dawn create all the 
content which, besides workouts, 
include fitness tips and lifestyle 
videos. This channel is so popular 
that Bravo TV has picked it up, but 
if you can’t catch them on TV, they 
still put out new videos every week 
on their YouTube channel.    

The variety of options available 
on YouTube allows you to choose 
both the instructor and workout 
that you like. Most of the videos are 
less than 20 minutes, which makes 
it easy to fit into your schedule. 
Getting in shape doesn’t have to be 
some big ordeal that involves com-
plicated machinery and the feeling 
that everyone is watching you work 
out. Instead, with the use of these 
YouTube channels, it is something 
that can be done in your own room 
at your own convenience. 

WELL-BEING

Your New Home Gym, 
Just a Few Clicks Away

Staying in shape is difficult when going to a gym becomes too much of a 
time commitment, but thanks to Youtube, that doesn’t have to be the case.

BY  M ON ICA   MCGI LL   STAFF WRITER

readers can contact
MON ICA MCGI LL     MAMCGILL@ucsd.edu 

If jazz hasn’t died, it’s at least 
been in a vegetative coma since 
Miles Davis released “Bitches Brew” 
in 1970. Everything released after 
that was largely ignored by the 
general public and was listened to 
almost exclusively by jazz musi-
cians and those old enough to 
have experienced jazz when it was 
widely popular. 

Then 40 years went by and a trio 
called BADBADNOTGOOD start-
ed releasing music that was influ-
enced just as much by Odd Future 
as it was by Herbie Hancock. The 
band’s third studio release, “III,” is 
sharper and more controlled than 
its previous releases, making the 
strongest case for jazz music’s mod-
ern relevance in years.

In “III,” BBNG continues to turn 
away from the smooth boredom 
of elevator jazz in favor of dark 
and brooding grooves. The open-

ing song, “Triangle,” builds from 
the beginning a creepy piano line 
reminiscent of Tyler the Creator’s 
darkest beats. 

The effect is a perfectly executed 
downer of a song. In previous 
years, the drummer, Alex Sowinski, 
would have gone off on a bombas-
tic solo mid-track, but he holds 
back and keeps everything sound-
ing tight and cool as a cucumber. It 
was difficult to notice in their older 
work, but this kind of maturity was 
exactly what BBNG was missing.

The album’s easiest track to get 
into is “Confessions,” a slick saxo-
phone feature that shows BBNG’s 
willingness to entertain the idea 
of a melody. It might also be the 
album’s strongest track because of 
its confidence. While other songs 
dabble with experimental electronic 
sounds and purposefully complex 
and dissonant piano, “Confessions” 

struts with ease, taking BBNG’s 
unusual ideas and making them 
sound cool and relatable.

The downside to music that’s 
mostly groove and not much 
melody is that it tends to get pain-
fully dull. Even parts of the latter 
half of the album are bound to see 
some disinterested expressions, like 
“Closed Eyes,” which has the dark, 
layered BBNG-ness of all of the 
other songs without any interesting 
or defining features. 

However, the album’s eclecticism 
goes a long way toward keeping 
things interesting. “Kaleidoscope” is 
a seven-minute monster that builds 
to a massive, improvised cymbal 
feature at its peak, while “Since 
You Asked Kindly” and “CS60” are 
almost purely electronic, playing 
like souped-up soundtracks to an 
SNES game. The synth loops keep 
the album well-rounded, especially 
when so much of it is dominated by 
piano and upright bass. 

Constantly experimenting and 
mixing sounds, BBNG works hard 
to defy genres, but in “III,” it sounds 
like they know exactly where they 
are, even if no one else does.

 —      kyle  Somers  
staff WRTER

"III" 
by  BADBADNOTGOOD
Release Date MAY 6

Up-and-coming trio blends jazz, hip-hop and 
electronic music for a dark, yet consistent quality.

ALBUM  REVIEW

 The members of Toronto jazz fusion group BadBadNotGood, from left, Matt Tavares, Alex Sowinski and 
 Chester Hansen. Photo courtesy of Chart Attack.



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Complete the grid so
each row, column and
3-by-3 box (in bold
borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

FREE
Social Justice Benefit Concert - Enjoy live 
bands? Does dance intruige you? Do you like 
to eat?! If so, come to PC Theatre on May 13 
at 7pm to enjoy ALL of these things! In addi-
tion, you will also be provided the wonderful 
opportunity to learn about social justice. This 
event is to bring attention to the various forms 
of hardship experienced by individuals from 
all around the world. Come learn about the 
cause of social justice, get some delicious food, 
and enjoy multiple performances! Listing ID: 
84801347 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Gift Card to Starbucks - Are you in the mood 
to try something new this week? If so, your 
San Diego Starbucks has you covered. Visit 
Sweeptown again next week for a chance 
to win a great California prize. Listing ID: 
85056918at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Amazon.com Gift Card - Whether you are in the 
market for running shoes, cross training shoes, 
snow boots or rain boots, Amazon has your feet 
covered. This free San Diego sweepstakes will 
be over before you have a chance to put on a 
new pair of shoes, so get your entry in.  Listing 
ID: 84798925 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

ELECTRONICS
Brand New Keyboard Stickers for Mac Laptop 
- Originally paid $8. But I no longer have the 
laptop, so these stickers are yours for only $5. 
Listing ID: 85059293 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

FLAT SCREEN TV  - 19” Insignia flat screen 
TELEVISION with built in DVD player, works 
great, model# NS-LTDVD19-09 - $65 Listing ID: 
85059292 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Ipod Touch 64GB 4TH Generation - Mint 
Condition - 64 GB Ipod Touch fourth Generation. 
Minimal scuffs on back \ fOnly includes Ipod 
Touch no Charger Listing ID: 85059291 at ucs-
dguardian.org/classifieds for more information

BOATS
Mercruiser 165 - Mercruiser 165 straight six cyl 
engine, runs well, new hardened valve seats for 
today’s gasolines, this is a Chevy 250 ci., $600. 
Listing ID: 85059336 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

4 classic winches - 4 winches 5 1/2” , , one winch 
handle and a halyard winch with 80ft of SS 
wires....all bronze and in working order. Listing 
ID: 85059337 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

1986 Young Sun 34 - For sale in San Diego, CA.. 
Listing ID 85059338 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

LOVE DRIVING? 
Get the perfect 
part-time job: 

• Earn $12.85/hour
• Work on campus
• Flexible schedule

• Paid training
• Hiring now for summer 

training
• UCSD students only

Details at 
shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

NOW
ON SALE

OFFICIAL SUN GOD 2014
MERCHANDISE

IN STORE & ONLINE
SGF.ucsd.edu



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

UCSD Will Face Humboldt in First Round of  NCAA Regionals

Edwards only allowed Humboldt 
State five hits and struck out four 
in the night. However, Humboldt 
State capitalized on Edwards’ missed 
pitches in the bottom of the third, 
resulting in two runs from three hits. 
The pair of runs would prove fatal in 
the 2–1 UCSD loss. 

“Offensively, we weren’t making 
adjustments fast enough, but a lot 
of the team [members] were making 
adjustments at the end of the game,” 
Edwards said.

Saturday’s elimination game 
marked the first meet between No. 
3 Cal State Monterey Bay and UCSD 
this season. Edwards returned to 
the mound to start off the game 
but failed to repeat Friday night’s 
performance. In a short two-inning 
outing, Edwards allowed five runs 
off of six hits to give the Otters an 
early 5–0 lead.

“I was only a little fatigued, but I 
would have to say that I just needed 
to spin the ball more because I wasn’t 
pitching as fast as I usually do,” 
Edwards told the UCSD Guardian. 
“Unfortunately, I did not make that 
adjustment fast enough.”

Despite the early deficit, the 
Tritons constructed a gradual 
comeback to climb back into the 
contest. Sophomore catcher Katie 
Saunders tallied the Tritons’ first run 
after stealing home. In the fourth, a 

single from senior outfielder Kirsten 
Willmon brought in sophomore 
Emma Schneider for another run. 
During the fifth, UCSD brought in 
three runs to close the deficit and 
bring the Tritons within one run at 
a 6–5 score.

However, Monterey Bay answered 
right back the following inning with 
three runs and another run in the 
seventh to extend the lead to 10–5. 
The Tritons gave a worthy comeback 
effort at the bottom of the sixth but 
came up two runs shy of tying the 
game in a 10–8 loss. 

“It was a disappointing finish in 
that game,” senior outfielder Kirsten 
Willmon told the UCSD Athletics 
Department. “Definitely we wanted 
to keep going in this tournament. 
[To] put up eight runs is a feat in 
itself, but we were lacking in some 
components that game, and we just 
couldn’t quite put it together and 
get that one more hit we needed to 
really go ahead.”

Grant led the way with four hits 
in five at-bats and was named to 
the CCAA All-Tournament Team. 
Willmon and senior shortstop Mya 
Romero also tallied a pair of hits. 

“This was our best offensive 
performance in about a month,” 
UCSD head coach Patti Gerckens 
said. “We’re missing the one big hit, 
though. We finished with 12 hits on 
the night with single after single to 
set the table, but we need someone 

going forward to come up with 
that clutch hit that cleans the table. 
Unfortunately, we just fell a couple of 
runs short tonight.”

Despite the disappointing 
outcome in the CCAA Tournament, 
the Tritons discovered Monday that 
they still received a bid for the NCAA 
Tournament, being seeded sixth in 
the West Regionals. UCSD will try to 
get even with Humboldt State when it 
faces off in the opening round of the 
NCAA Regionals on Friday, May 9 at 
Dixie State University in Utah.

“I think we’ve seen some of the 
best teams that we are going to face 
in the west region,” Gerckens said. 
“Our team believes we can compete 
and win against the best of them. 
If we could get our hitting and our 
pitching in sync, I think we’d be 
unstoppable.”

Willmon is confident in UCSD’s 
pitching and hitting but believes 
there are some aspects that the 
Tritons can improve on in order to 
compete in the NCAAs.

“We’re really missing that one 
breakout, clutch hit and were looking 
for that to come sooner in the game 
and not waiting for it to come in 
the sixth, seventh inning,” Willmon 
said. “That’s something we’re going 
to work on and look to take into next 
weekend in regionals.”

▶ SOFTBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
daniel sung    d2sung@ucsd.edu 

Ballpark Set to Open By 2015 Season

of the Triton Clubhouse, located 
behind the field’s right foul line. This 
clubhouse will include a brand new 
locker room, a players’ study lounge, a 
multipurpose room and a patio facing 
the outfield. There will also be a Triton 
“Wall of Fame,” making the clubhouse 
not only a student-athlete construction 
but also a symbol of the history and 
legacy of UCSD athletics.

“We’ve been talking about this type 
of project for literally more than ten 
years, probably fifteen, twenty years,” 
Associate Athletics Director Scott 
Flanders said.

The new ballpark also intends to 
enhance the fan’s viewing experience, 
as plans include new permanent 
seating behind home plate and a picnic 
area adjacent to the player clubhouse. 
Sunken dugouts will allow seats to 
be placed closer to the field, giving 
spectators a closer view of games, and 

the picnic area provides a more family-
friendly atmosphere to enjoy games. 

“For [the sake of] recruiting 
and fan experience, we like to have 
excellence for all of our facilities, and 
[the current ballpark] is not doing it,” 
Flanders said. 

With a more modernized layout, 
the new Triton Ballpark can serve as 
a key component in attracting top 
national prospects for UCSD in 
the years to come. Additionally, the 
new facilities are meant to increase 
program visibility and encourage more 
student and spectator participation in 
the sport. 

While construction has not begun, 
the UCSD Athletics Department 
hopes to have the new Triton Ballpark 
ready for the 2015 season. Detailed 
renderings of the ballpark’s designs are 
posted on the UCSD website. 

▶ BASEBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
john story    jstory@ucsd.edu 

P
H

O
TO

 U
S

E
D

 W
IT

H
 P

E
R

M
IS

S
IO

N
 F

R
O

M
 U

C
S

D
 A

TH
LE

TI
C

S

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 N
H

A
N

 N
G

U
Y

E
N

/G
U

A
R

D
IA

N



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

NCAA CHAMPIONSHIP PREVIEW

FIRST UP: BEAT THE BRUINS
The No. 12 Tritons will head to Los Angeles to compete in the NCAA Championship Finals in the hopes of 

forcing an upset against No. 2 UCLA in the first round of tournament play this Friday. 
BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR 

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO DESIGN BY DOROTHY VAN

Coming off of a thrilling 13–9 defeat of Pitzer College in last Saturday’s NCAA play-in game, the No. 12 UCSD women’s water polo team will now head to Los Angeles as one of the nation’s top eight teams in the NCAA Finals to 
compete for the 2014 national championship. The Tritons are the No. 7 seed and 
will play No. 2 seed UCLA in the first of three rounds in the single-elimination 
tournament on Friday at USC’s Uytengsu Aquatics Center. 

Going to nationals for the second consecutive year and the 
third time in four seasons, UCSD enters this year’s tournament 
on a 10-game winning streak and has scored in the double 
digits in nine out of those 10 contests. However, in spite of the 
momentum coming off of their recently impressive play, the 
Tritons will face perhaps their toughest challenge yet in UCLA.

Holding a 25–4 record overall on the season, the Bruins are 
not only second-seeded in the finals bracket but are also the 
second-ranked team in the country. Of their four losses, three 
came against No. 1 Stanford University, while the other defeat 
came at the hands of No. 3 University of Southern California.

 “They’re a consistent and very solid team,” senior utility 
Sarah Lizotte said. “Any of the top three, top four teams [in the 
nation] are kind of that way. They don’t let room for error, so 
it’s hard to play against teams like that.” 

However, in spite of the Bruins’ sterling record, the Tritons 
know they have what it takes to find an upset. In the one match played between the 
two squads, UCSD nearly bested UCLA in a tight 8–6 loss on Feb. 22. 

“They can be overconfident and overlook us,” senior center Melissa Bartow told 
the Guardian. “[We] were beating them in the fourth quarter when we played them 
earlier in the season. We just hope that they don’t have one of their best games, and 
we have one of ours.” 

Yet although the Tritons know a victory is within reach, UCSD will have to pull 

out its best performance of the season in order to find a way past the tough Bruins group. 
“We need to play really good defense,” Bartow said. “They’re probably the fastest team 

in the nation, so we [have to] play good defense and not allow them to counterattack us.”
The Tritons will rely on the likes of their top scorers Lizotte (84 goals) and junior 

attacker Jolene Guiliana (69 goals), along with top defenders, such as senior utility Leah 
Gonzales. Sophomore goalkeeper and All-Western Water Polo Association first team 

member Courtney Miller will mind the cage for UCSD. 
For four seniors, co-captains Bartow and senior two-meter 

defense player Allison Delgado, along with Lizotte and Gonzales, the 
NCAA tournament will most likely serve as their final moments in 
competitive collegiate waters.

Lizotte, who surpassed former Olympian Julie Swail earlier 
this season to claim UCSD’s scoring record, intends to lay it all 
out in L.A. as she ends a remarkable collegiate career, which 
includes a UCSD Athlete of the Year award and a two-time 
WWPA Player of the Year award. 

“This is it for me,” Lizotte said. “It’s kind of a sad thing. It’s 
a weird feeling. But at the same time, I’m still going to go out 
and play with as much energy and as much enthusiasm as I can 
[because] I want to go out with something I can be proud of.” 

If the Tritons do win against UCLA, they will move on to face 
the winner of game two between No. 3 seed USC and No. 6 seed 

UC Irvine. The semifinals are slated for Saturday at 8:15 p.m., and the championship 
match is set for Sunday at 8:30 p.m. If the Tritons are to lose at any point, they will 
be relegated to a loser’s bracket to fight for places three through eight. The ball will 
drop at 3 p.m. on Friday for the Tritons’ first-round battle. 

“If we can come out again with a lot of energy, it’s going to be an interesting 
game,” Lizotte said. “We’re all really excited, and we know that there’s potential to 
beat them.” 

“If we can come out again 
with a lot of energy, it’s going 
to be an interesting game. 
We’re all really excited, and 
we know that there’s poten-
tial to beat them.”
      — Sarah Lizotte,

Senior Utility

1 Stanford
8 indiana

5 ARIZONA State
4 CAL

3 usc
6 UC IRVINE

7 UCSD
2 UCLA

May 9
6:35 P.M.

May 9
8:15 P.M.

May 9
4:45 P.M.

May 9
3:00 P.M.

May 10 6:30 P.M.

May 10 8:15 P.M.

NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP
May 11 8:30 P.M.

READERS CAN CONTACT BRANDON YU AT BYU@UCSD.EDU

While the No. 18 UCSD baseball 
team is on its way to Stockton to 
face No. 9 Chico State tonight in the 
first game of the California Collegiate 
Athletic Association Championship 
tournament, big plans for the next 
season are already under way as efforts 
to build a new Triton Ballpark have 
recently begun.

Judging from the architectural 
layout by the UCSD Athletics 
Department, new facilities will boast 
sleeker, more modern features. The 
biggest addition comes in the form 

UCSD Unveils Plans for New Stadium Softball Finishes Fourth 
at CCAA Tournament

BASEBALL SOFTBALL

A new, modernized Triton Ballpark aims to be ready for the 2015 baseball season.
BY  joh n  sto ry

associate sports editor Tritons lose 2–1 to Humboldt, before falling short of a 
comeback in 10–8 elimination game against CSUMB.

The UCSD softball team returned 
to the California Collegiate Athletic 
Association tournament for the fourth 
year in a row last Friday but had the 
worst finish in as many years with a 
fourth place outcome. The Tritons 
were eliminated from contention 
after falling 2–1 to Humboldt State 
and 10–8 to Cal State Monterey Bay.

On Friday night, the third-
seeded Tritons came up just shy 

to second-seeded Humboldt State, 
losing a low-scoring affair in their 
postseason opener. UCSD took the 
early lead at 1–0 in the top of the 
first inning after sophomore out-
fielder Callie Grant hit a line drive to 
left field for a double before moving 
to third from an error and eventually 
stealing for home.

Sophomore southpaw Alexis 
Edwards had a solid performance 
at the mound for the Tritons. 

BY  dan i el  su ng
associate sports edit0r

P
H

O
TO

 U
S

E
D

 W
IT

H
 P

E
R

M
IS

S
IO

N
 F

R
O

M
 U

C
S

D
 A

TH
LE

TI
C

S

See  BASEBALL, page 11 See  SOFTBALL, page 11

Baseball
Softball
W. Crew

W. Water Polo
Track & Field

   5/08
   5/09
   5/09
   5/09
   5/09

AT CCAA Championship
AT NCAA Regionals 
AT Dad Vail Regatta
AT NCAA Championship
AT Occidental Invitational

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


