
ThaT’s One 
smarT cOOkie 

The founder of the Secret 
Cookie Service, known to us 

only as “Agent Snickerdoodle,” 
hopes to keep the business in 
the Triton family by passing 

along control of operations to 
UCSD students.

No  pledgiNg  Allowed

SeNior  SeNdoff

New  greek  policies at  CSUN

Tritons  look   toward   postseason

opiNioN,  page   4

sporTS,  page  12

mOnday
H 69 L 57

Tuesday
H 69 L 56

Wednesday
H 69 L 56

Thursday
H 69 L 59

FOrecasT

VerBaTim
A major 
problem 
with the 
industry 
might be 
illegal 
streaming, but the con-
cept of people feeling 
entitled to free music is 
worse, by far. ”

- Lauren Koa
Technically Speaking

OpiniOn, pAGE 4

inside
Average Cat .................... 2
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Crossword .................... 10
Classifieds .................... 11
Men’s Basketball .......... 12

“

features,  pAge 6

By   Meryl  press  Associate News Editor

UC  SySTeM

UC Regents Will Consider 
Annual Tuition Hikes

Plan-it Janet
A five-year plan outlined by University of California President Janet Napolitano accounts for annual increases in tuition of up to 5 
percent. Above, Napolitano speaks with UC Campus media in her office in October.  Photo by Taylor Sanderson/Guardian.

The UC Board of Regents will consider a plan at their meeting this November to raise tuition by 5 percent over the next 
five years.

The University of California and state of 
California have taken different stances in the past 
several years on how money should be spent by 
the UC system. Due to these differences, the state 
has decreased UC funding by one-third of its pre-
vious amount, and, in early September, Governor 
Jerry Brown vetoed $50 million that was to go to 
deferred maintenance to the UC system. 

In a Nov. 6 teleconference with reporters, 
University of California President Janet Napolitano 
explained to the UCSD Guardian and other news 
sources that in order to have the ability to main-
tain student aid, increase in-state enrollment and 

invest in quality research and education, the five-
year plan will most likely be necessary. 

“The state has provided 1.7-[percent] increases 
to our core budget in the past few years, which 
doesn’t keep up with uprising costs,” Napolitano 
said. “If [the state] continues [to fund] at that level, 
then we’ll look at a 5-percent increase for the next 
school year, but if the state chooses to put in more 
[money], then they can buy down that increase.” 

If the plan passes, then tuition and fees will 
increase annually by up to 5 percent. Tuition for 
the 2015–16 academic year would increase by 
$612, for a total of $12,804 over the span of the 
entire year — not including room and board. If the 
state does not increase funding for the entire span 
of the five-year plan, then tuition will be around 
$15,000 by the 2019–20 academic year. A press 

See FEES, page 3

On Nov. 4, Californians voted to 
pass Proposition 47, which reduces 
prison sentences for individuals who 
commit particular nonserious drug 
and property crimes, by a margin of 
58.8 percent to 41.2 percent. 

The ballot measure’s passage 
was well-received by University of 
California Student Association’s lead-
ership which has worked to pass leg-
islation that reallocates funds from 
the prison system to education since 
the October 2013 launch of the Invest 
in Graduation Not Incarceration 
campaign.

The law is expected to generate 
between $750 million and $1.25 bil-
lion within the next five years to fund 
programs designed to keep offenders 
out of jail. 

The UCSA IGNITE campaign 
aims to reduce state spending on 
prisons and increase funding for 
education. The savings from the 
reduced prison population expected 
after Proposition 47’s passage will be 
utilized to fund programs including 
school truancy prevention programs 
and mental health and drug treat-
ment programs. 

A.S. Vice President of External 
Affairs Allyson Osorio discussed 
how the proposition supports UCSA 
goals.

“UCSA has worked hard to change 
the state’s sentencing on drug crimes 
that often victimizes minority and 
low-income populations,” Osorio told 
the UCSD Guardian. “For common 
sense drug sentencing, we endorse[d] 
Prop 47.”

In addition, Osorio said that, even 
though the law does not directly 
affect higher education, the discrimi-
natory nature of the prison system 
is experienced throughout the UC 
system.

“A lot of the people affected by the 
prison system aren’t making [it] into 
the UCs,” said Osorio. “Obviously 
anything that affects K-12 education 
affects the UC and vice versa. Low 
numbers of black and Latino students 
aren’t reflective of the demograph-
ics in California because there [are 
funds] being funneled into prisons 
instead of K-12.”

The IGNITE campaign was start-
ed in October 2013 with the pur-
pose of obtaining funding for the UC 
system by passing legislation that 
reduces the amount of money spent 
on prisons and re-allocating it to 
education. IGNITE supports several 
other prison reduction bills includ-
ing California Assembly Bill 420, a 
bill aimed at reducing the number of 
students that go to prison by banning 
suspensions and expulsions on the 

UCSA 
Welcomes
Passage of  
Proposition 47

CAliforNiA

The ballot measure, which 
reduces sentences for some 
offenders, is expected to free 
up some state money.

By  Ti na Buto i u
Associate News Editor

See ProP. 47, page 3

CAMpUS

Lineup Announced for Hullabaloo Concert
Logic and Eric Hassle lead the list of performers for the Nov. 14 event in Town Square

By   Bryn na  Bolt
staff writer

Musical artists Logic and  Erik 
Hassle will headline UCSD’s annual 
Hullabaloo festival on campus this 
coming Friday, Nov. 14.

The lineup for the fourth annu-
al Hullabaloo festival, which also 
includes artists Conway, Avery and 
a UCSD student disc jockey was 
announced by UCSD Associated 
Student Concerts and Events on 
Oct. 5. The festival, part of a multi-
day Founders Day celebration, will 
be held in Town Square from 8 p.m. 
to 12 a.m.

The Hullabaloos of the past 
three years have transformed a well-
known part of campus into a venue 
complete with a dance stage located 
in Town’s Square, amusement rides 

in Matthew’s Quad and festival food 
and student organizations’ booths 
throughout. 

ASCE began the process of cre-
ating Hullabaloo’s lineup last June 
at the end of Spring Quarter 2014. 
Every year when ASCE considers 
who to ask to be a part of the festi-
val, the list of potential artists starts 
off long and is then narrowed down 
according to budget and availability. 

The organization then makes a 
prediction of what will be generally 
popular music in the near future. 
Combining this forecast with infor-
mation on student interest, gathered 
through an entertainment survey 
launched annually, ASCE deter-
mines which artists to contact. 

The survey on which next year’s 
decisions will be based will be made 
available to UCSD students the 
week of Hullabaloo 2014. 

“We try to get artists that are 
up-and-coming,” ASCE Festivals 
Director Sean Kennedy said  in an 
interview with the UCSD Guardian. 
“A lot of these artists have stuff that 
just came out or that they’re plan-
ning to release soon.” 

Hullabaloo headliner Logic, a 
rapper from Gaithersburg, Maryland 
has recently grown in popularity. 
Logic is currently on tour and set 
to appear on The Tonight Show 
Starring Jimmy Fallon Nov. 12, two 
days before performing at UCSD. 

The rides featured at the festival 
will include a zipline, the Kamikaze, 
the Zipper and the Round Up, locat-
ed in Matthew’s Quad. As one of the 
prizes available at the Founders Day 
Celebration, students can win a pass 
that gains them access to the front 

See FEStival, page 3

P
h

o
to

  
u

s
e

d
 w

it
h

 P
e

r
m

is
s

io
n

 f
r

o
m

 t
h

e
 s

C
s

         

VoLume 48, issue 12  mondAY, noVemBer 10, 2014 www.uCsdguArdiAn.org



2 t h e  u C s d  g u A r d i A n  |  m o n d AY,  n o V e m B e r  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. u C s d g u A r d i A n . o r g  N e w S

AverAge CAT By Christina Carlson

Visit http://tiny.cc/IRPScareer 
for more information and to registerSchool of International Relations and Pacific Studies

Wednesday, Nov. 12
4:30 – 5:30 p.m  | Room 3201, IR/PS
Join IR/PS for an information session 
on careers in international affairs

5 – 8 p.m. | The Great Hall
Connect with over 50 graduate programs 
from around the globe in the non-profit 
and public service sectors. Learn more at 
idealist.org/gradfairs.

DO YOU TWEET? WE DO!

@UCSDGuardian

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. What’s going on? mWRAAW.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev hurwitz

rachel huang
Lauren Koa

tina Butoiu
meryl Press

Lauren Koa

Charu mehra

Brandon Yu

John story
daniel sung

soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Kyle somers

nilu Karimi

taylor sanderson

siddharth Atre

Alwin szeto

dorothy Van

Joselynn ordaz

elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew huang

rosina garcia

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
associate News Editors
 

opinion Editor

associate opinion Editor

Sports Editor

associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

a&E Editor

associate a&E Editor

lifestyle Editor

Photo Editor

associate Photo Editor

video Editor

Design Editor

associate Design Editor

art Editor

associate art Editor

Copy Editor

associate Copy Editor

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Shermin Alein, Sidney Gao

Copy Readers
Andrew Chao, Caroline Lee, Jennifer Grundman, Micaela 

Stone, Kriti Sarin

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Teiko Yakobson, Jonah Yonker

UCSD announced the comple-
tion of a $6.5 million renovation 
and expansion of four undergradu-
ate teaching laboratories in York 
Hall on Oct 30. Officials hope 
that the renovations will prompt 
increased enrollment in impacted 
chemistry and biology laboratory 
courses and consequently make it 
easier for students to graduate in 
four years.

Dean of the Division of Physical 
Sciences Mark Thiemens told 
the UCSD Guardian that two of 
the renovated labs will allow 240 
additional undergraduates annu-
ally to enroll in chemistry cours-
es. One of the labs will be used 
to teach CHEM 143A: Organic 
Chemistry Laboratory, and the 
other will be used to teach CHEM 

7LM: Introductory Chemistry 
Laboratory, a new course catered to 
chemistry majors.

However, UCSD News Center 
reported in an Oct. 30 release 
that the two renovated chemis-
try labs will provide an additional 
675 annual enrollments in general 
chemistry and organic chemistry 
courses. 

Thiemens feels that the lab reno-
vations are critical for students as 
they will allow more students lab 
opportunities as well as enhance 
their experiences in the labs.

“Prior to the renovation, several 
of these labs were not in working 
order,” Thiemens said. “These labs 
now have a modern layout and a 
feel that is both more conducive to 
learning, safer and overall a more 
attractive space for our students.”

Dean of the Division of Biological 
Sciences William McGinnis told 
the Guardian that the renovated 
biology labs will allow the biology 

department to teach a lower divi-
sion biology lab course — the first 
in a long time — an addition that 
McGinnis thinks is very important.

“Since bio[logy] is a very experi-
mental science, it is crucially impor-
tant to teach the hands-on experi-
mental side of the discipline as early 
as possible in an undergraduate’s 
education,” McGinnis said.

According to UCSD News 
Center, the course will be able to 
accommodate 1,440 students annu-
ally. 

Additionally, the fourth lab will 
provide an additional 648 annu-
al enrollments in the Division of 
Biological Sciences’ most impacted 
course — biochemical techniques. 

McGinnis stated that because 
of the lab renovations, as well as 
a recent faculty increase, the  vari-
ous biology majors are no longer 
impacted.

Executive Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs Suresh Subramani 

explained to the Guardian how else 
the renovations would impact stu-
dents and their ability to graduate 
on time.

“The ability to offer more labo-
ratory sections allows us to accom-
modate students who might other-
wise have been waitlisted, leading 
to improved graduation rates and a 
greater opportunity for a research 
experience,” Subramani said. “All 
this is driven by part of the major 
goal of our strategic plan to be stu-
dentcentric.”

In addition to the new enroll-
ment spaces, the renovations also 
allowed UCSD to produce a new 
lab preparation room for the staff 
that supports CHEM 143A: two 
new equipment rooms for the new 
labs and adjustable lab benches for 
students with disabilities.

University Announces Finished York Hall Renovation Project

readers can contact
jacky  to   j6to@ucsd.edu 

CAMpUS

By  jacky  to
staff writer

ucsdguardian.org

can’t get enough?  find more onLine at: 



N e w S  t h e  u C s d  g u A r d i A n  |  m o n d AY,  n o V e m B e r  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. u C s d g u A r d i A n . o r g  3

lighTS & SireNS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

Friday, Oct. 31
3 a.m.: Drunk in Public
An adult male was causing a 
disturbance and refusing to leave 
in the Village East 1. Transported 
to hospital for excessive alcohol and 
other injuries.
11:43 p.m.: Person Down
A passing motorist reported that a 
male in a costume was lying down 
on the sidewalk. Unable to locate.

Saturday, Nov. 1
1:10 a.m.: Person Down
A Residential Security Officer 
reported a female passed out on a 
bench next to The Village Market. 
Transported to hospital for detox.
8:01 p.m.: Disturbance
A group of males was skateboarding 
and almost running into people 
at the Biology building. Unable to 
locate.

Sunday, Nov. 2
8:43 a.m.: Medical Aid
An unconscious and unresponsive 
toddler was possibly suffering a 
negative reaction to medication. 
Transported to hospital.
6:18 p.m.: Citizen Flagdown
The reporting group saw a possible 
transient with a child who didn’t 
appear to be homeless. The suspect 
took off after the group called out. 
Information only.

Monday, Nov. 3
12:14 a.m.: Water Leak
A Community Service Officer 
reported a broken water pipe that 
was spraying water into the air in 

Warren College. Information only.
12:51 p.m.: Suspicious Person
An adult male was harassing people 
in a Geisel Library bathroom. Field 
interview administered. 

Tuesday, Nov. 4
5 a.m.: Citizen Contact
A female subject reported that a cab 
driver went out of her way to charge 
more money and grabbed the subject 
when she refused to pay. Report 
taken.
9 p.m.: Indecent Exposure
An adult male asked for directions at 
a bus stop and exposed his genitals 
to the reporting party. Report taken.

Wednesday, Nov. 5
4:52 p.m.: Suspicious Person
A possible burglar was on the UCTR 
rooftop and looked into exhaust 
vents for entry points. Unable to 
locate.
10:34 p.m.: Medical Aid
A female subject in Africa Hall 
experienced bad chest and back 
pain, along with numbness in her 
extremities. Transported to hospital.

Thursday, Nov. 6
7:29 a.m.: Smoke Check
Facilities Management extinguished 
a fire inside a trash can near Center 
Hall. Information only.
5 p.m.: Petty Theft
An ID card holder was stolen from 
Roger’s Place, resulting in a $15 loss. 
Online report taken.

— AnDrEW HuAng
Senior Staff Writer  

release that was sent to the Guardian 
from the Office of the President 
explained the logistics of the plan, 
which will allow the university to 
enroll at least 5,000 more California 
students over the span of the five 
years. It will also allow the current 
financial aid program to continue, 
improve the student-faculty ratio and 
boost graduation rates by decreasing 
the time it takes to receive a degree. 

When asked during a Nov. 6 con-
ference with reporters whether the 
tuition increase will make it harder to 
recruit students, UC Executive Vice 
President-Chief Financial Officer 
Nathan Brostrom explained that the 
UC system’s run counters the nation-
al trend, which has been increasing 
costs in higher education.

“In the three years where we 
have frozen tuition, we kept it flat,” 
Brostrom said. “We’re talking about a 
$600 increase that would only be paid 

by 30 percent of our students. We’re 
at an amazing value for California 
and its students, so I don’t think we’d 
lose demand.” 

Questions regarding money that 
was to be allocated from Brown’s 
Proposition 30 that passed in 2012, 
which increased sales tax rates on 
all taxpayers and was expected to 
provide the UC system with funding 
were brought up during Napolitano’s 
teleconference as well.

“There hasn’t been the kind of 
Prop. 30 distribution revenues that 
was expected to the university,” 
Napolitano said. “We get an eye 
drop of the Prop. 30 money, and if 
there was a thought that Prop. 30 
would suffice to maintain the val-
ues and requests of the University of 
Californians, that hasn’t proven to be 
the case.”

The University of California 
Student Association released a press 
release on Nov. 6 stating its disap-
proval of the tuition increase for rea-

sons such as a lack of stability that 
the plan provides, that students are 
being held hostage for the future of 
their education and the lack of com-
munication between UCOP and the 
students of UCSA.

“Instead of using students as 
political pawns, the UC and Regents 
should consider partnering with stu-
dents on a meaningful level to advo-
cate to the state for more funding,” 
UCSA leaders said in the release. 
“The UCSA Board of Directors will 
continue discussion around the pro-
posed tuition plan to unite and mobi-
lize students across the state to advo-
cate for an accessible, affordable and 
quality UC education.”

When asked if there is potential 
for a rollback on tuition, Napolitano 
stated that it is unlikely, unless the 
state increases its contributions. 

UC President Attributes Upcoming Fee Hikes to State Funding Cuts

readers can contact

Meryl  press    MPRESS@ucsd.edu 

▶ FEES, from page 1

basis of “willful defiance.” 
Furthermore, the campaign is 

looking to attain $10 million of 

unrestricted funds from the 
University of California Office of 
the President to appropriate to stu-
dent recruitment and retention cen-
ters at underprivileged high schools 

in order provide students with the 
resources necessary to pursue high-
er education.

IGNITE Campaign Looking to Secure Additional UCOP Funding
▶ ProP. 47, from page 1

readers can contact

tina butoiu    cbutoiu@ucsd.edu 

of the line for any one ride dur-
ing a one-hour time slot of their 
choosing. 

ASCE is similarly responsi-
ble for UCSD’s annual Sun God 
Festival, one of the most prominent 
events of the school year. While 
Sun God is a more established 

event in the number of students 
who attend and the notoriety 
of the artists that appear, ASCE 
Associated Vice President Seraphin 
Raya explained that he would like 
to see Hullabaloo grow as well. 

“The amount of detail put into 
the production focused on creat-
ing ambience is phenomenal,” Raya 
told the Guardian. “It’s different 

from Sun God Festival and from 
the old Fall Festival in that every-
thing ties together to create an 
experience.” 

“The music, lights, smells and 
rides all come together,” Raya 
added.

Brynna Bolt   bbolt@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

▶ FEStival, from page 1

ASCE Director Hopes to See Annual Hullabaloo Festival Grow



OPINION contact the editorlauren  koaopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V e M B e R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Disney princesses are one of the main reasons 
why the doll-making industry still flourishes and 
why little girls want to grow up to be princesses. 
With Moana, Disney will introduce its first-ever 
Polynesian-inspired princess into the pristine 
category of animated characters. Putting Moana 
in the same ranks as Snow White, Cinderella, 
Ariel and Rapunzel is a refreshing new route for 
the animation studio, showing us that Disney will 
now have more characters from underrepresented 
social or ethnic groups.

Having ethnic diversity on screen, especially 
in animated features, is imperative as the targeted 
audience, toddlers and impressionable kids, 
are quick to take these works of pure fiction as 
something more — an alternate reality. Put in 
simpler words, the fact that seven out of the 11 
current Disney princesses are of predominantly 
white descent gives ample room for people and kids 
of all other races to be alienated and overlooked. 
But Disney has done a wonderful job at trying to 
remedy that disparity by creating multiple princesses 
with backstories from minority cultures. 

A poll conducted by The Escapist, a popular 
online forum, shows that ethnically diverse 
princesses like Jasmine and Mulan are way popular, 
sweeping 20.7 percent and 40.1 percent of the vote 
respectively as opposed to classics like Snow White 
and Cinderella, both of which stand at a mere 0.8 
percent each. That said, Disney has shown that 
they have a commitment to diversity and cultural 
equality by taking this risk time and time again. In 
the long run, Disney will be able to continue to tap 
the potential of this approach, helping to not only 
boost sales, but also make animated movies that 
stand out from those of their competitors.  

—  kshitiz verma
Contributing Writer

Disney Will Likely Misrepresent  
Another Culture in Upcoming Project

Impressionable, Young Audiences Need 
to See Body Diversity in their Heroines

“Moana” Will Add More Diversity to 
Disney’s List of  Animated Characters

A Huffington Post blogger notes that Princess 
Anna from Disney’s “Frozen” has eyes larger than 
her wrist. Disney, however, tries to make up for 
these bodily discrepancies by creating ethnically 
and culturally diverse princesses. Its newest cre-
ation, Moana, a Pacific Islander, can be added to 
the ranks of other non-white princesses such as 
Mulan and Pocahontas.  Although these heroines 
have different skin colors, that color is the only 
difference among them. 

Disney attempts to promote diversity, but they 
need to go beyond skin color in order to truly cre-
ate a diverse group of heroines. All of the Disney 
princesses possess the same physical features: an 
unnaturally slim waist; slender neck; huge, round 
eyes; a delicate nose; and an overall “pretty” look. 
The male characters, however, are all clearly dis-
tinguishable from each other, regardless of skin 
color. When discussing why female characters have 
similar animations, head “Frozen” animator Lino 
DiSalvo stated that “animating female characters are 
[sic] really, really difficult ‘cause … you have to keep 
them pretty.” But women are more than just “pretty” 
and Disney should be realistic by better portraying 
heroines for its young, impressionable audience. 

Additionally, audiences will notice that the 
females who deviate from the normal princess body 
type are the villains, such as Ursula from “The Little 
Mermaid,” for example. Disney is not promoting 
a positive image for women with curvier bodies if 
they are the villains of each film. Although viewers 
will be able to identify with and look up to these 
brave characters, there is still something that is 
missing from the so-called diversity that Disney is 
trying to advocate until the company can improve 
visibility for different bodies. 

—  rosina garcia
Staff Writer

In the company’s few attempts to create more 
diverse princesses, Disney has always ended up 
fudging up history and culturally appropriating the 
characters; unfortunately, this will likely continue 
with the introduction of its new character Moana, 
the Pacific Islander princess.

Disney’s “Pocahontas” portrays the Native 
American society as very oppressive to the 
protagonist Pocahontas; the entire society is 
presented with only one-dimensional cultural 
lens. Pocahontas’ tribe is shaped by broad, racial 
stereotypes, only to later suggest that European or 
American characteristics and moral ideas actually 
do mirror values of Native American culture. Also 
plagued with historical inaccuracies, several of 
the scenes in the movie were completely modified 
to fit a Disney audience, while Pocahontas’ real 
age of 10 years old was overlooked so she could 
romantically interact with John Smith. And this 
again, was completely historically inaccurate. 

Disney even pushed the whitewashing of 
culture further in “Mulan,” with how they clung 
onto Chinese symbols, dragons and pandas to 
represent the culture. Additionally, its idea of 
racial differences is presented only by the choice 
in color. Between the good and bad guys, Mulan 
and her peers are portrayed with a clear, light 
skin while villains are portrayed with dark, ashy 
gray complexions. 

With Disney’s announcement of the first Pacific 
Islander princess in the Disney universe, one can 
only wonder how much whitewashing she will go 
through. Pacific Islander is a broad term. And with 
Disney’s track record, Moana will likely end up 
being just another whitewashed, misrepresentation 
of culture.

— marcUs thUiLLier
Contributing Writer

Quick Takes the walt disney animation studios recently announced an upcoming 2016 project featuring a new young princess of pacific islander descent. 

Better than 
Piracy, Is 
Not Good 
Enough

The polarized responses are always atypical for anything Taylor Swift says or does; you 
either hate her guts for being a boy 
loving pop-diva or you love her for 
all her awkward dancing and cat-
loving antics. The same held true 
when she removed all of her music 
off Spotify and other streaming 
services last week. 

Though I have to admit my own 
disappointment that I’ll now have to 
dig out my now-years-old copies of 
her physical albums, Taylor brings 
up a completely valid point that 
continues to be overlooked by the 
harsh criticism and personal attacks 
made against her. In all seriousness: 
When was the last time anyone 
actually stood up for allowing 
people to work for free?

A major problem with the 
industry may be illegal streaming, 
but the concept of people feeling 
entitled to free music is worse, by far.

San Francisco is raising its 
minimum wage to $15 an hour, 
but there are artists and musicians 
being paid much less than that 
for everything that goes into each 
album. What many of us actually 
don’t know about Spotify, the free 
music subscription service that 
young college students like you 
and me have grown to love, is that 
its model is extremely flawed and 
in need of so much improvement. 
Spotify claims that 70 percent of 
revenue goes to artists, but even 
if this is true, the payouts for the 
artists are pathetic — a fraction 
of one single cent per play. These 
numbers might scrap up and 
amount to something for the artists 
who chart the top lists, but for most, 
this is not the case.

Curbing music piracy is almost 
an impossible obstacle to tackle now 
considering that online streaming is 
41 percent of Americans’ choice for 
music, and I’m not naive enough to 
believe that anything Taylor Swift 
can do will actually solve it. I’m 
pretty sure that the music industry 
has suffered from some sort of 
music piracy since the days of the 
mixed tape. The introduction of file 
sharing programs and websites has 
caused the number of both physical 
and online albums purchased to 
consistently drop every year, so it 
is unsurprising that artists could 
feel pressured to put their music 
on Spotify and offer their work for 
pennies as opposed to nothing. 

Whenever we choose to 
download music from third parties 
illegally, we know what we’re doing 
is in the darker gray areas of wrong 
and even then, it’s a personal choice 
whenever we choose do it. But by 
demanding artists’ albums to be 
available to us for free on Spotify, we 
are supporting the selfish idea that 
we are legally entitled to the fruit of 
other individuals’ work and that we 
should not have to pay for it.  

Artists may not be able to stop 
music piracy, but they shouldn’t 
have to stand by subscription 
services that believe paying artists 
means that a song is worth less 
than a penny. For now, Taylor Swift 
may be the first artist to get flak for 
not offering her albums on Spotify, 
but she very well, might just be 
following a new trend that Queen 
Bey and The Beatles set before her.

No Rush Zone
Universities should take a firm stance against hazing in social bodies to prevent 

horrific incidents that jeopardize student health and safety.

lauren  koa  lkoa@ucsd.edu
technically
 speaking

See PLEDGES, page 5

Three weeks ago, Cal State Northridge put its foot down on the Greek system after anonymous allegations that fraternity Pi Kappa Alpha was hazing its pledges. Already overwhelmed by the 
hazing and death of a student in a separate fraternity four months ago, 
the university froze pledge activity for the remainder of the fall semester, 
suspended Pi Kappa Alpha and prohibited Spring 2015 recruitment.

While it’s unfair that so few caused so many to go punished, this isn’t 
just somebody else’s problem, and the university rightfully took action. 
Hazing should not be tolerated, and aggressive action is necessary to 
ensure such incidents never occur again. And the association between 
hazing and the Greek community undermines the character of Greek 
life as a whole by creating an environment of intimidation and fear. If a 
message to all communities is not sent, this will continue on and on. More 
would-be brothers and sisters will go on to be harassed, embarrassed and 
— God forbid — killed.

The death of a pledge is an extremely rare event, but a single 
death is still one too many. For Betty and Joseph Serrato, this unlikely 
horror became a reality when they lost their son, a student at Cal State 
Northridge, who passed away over the summer when Pi Kappa Phi forced 
their pledges on a hike without adequate water or sleep.

And while there’s the kind of hazing that doesn’t kill, they are still 
violations of basic human decency. What takes the cake in terms of 
outlandish and inexcusable behavior is when Pi Kappa Alpha at the 
University of Tennessee, Knoxville inserted rubber tubes into its pledges’ 
rectums in order to bypass the filtering of their livers and heighten the 
speed and level of alcohol entering their bloodstreams. One student who 
was taken to a hospital was found to have a blood-alcohol content so high 
that he could have died.

ILLUSTRATION BY ALICE HSIEH

These acts are not even exclusive to the South; hazing can and has 
happened here. The UCSD Guardian covered allegations of hazing 
concerning fraternities such as Pi Kappa Alpha and Sigma Nu in 2007 and 
2008. Some examples include blindfolded pledges being forced to drink hard 
liquor, getting tied up with both rope and tape and having to walk in a circle 
while holding another man’s genitalia. This may seem like a long time ago, 
but such events were only known because of a leak by a former pledge. One 
can only wonder if the lapse in time is the result of increased pressure to shut 
out hazing or a greater effort to prevent transparency. 

And most infamously at UCSD, Pi Kappa Alpha had also been the 
masterminds behind the infamous Compton Cookout, a 2010 off-
campus event intended for partygoers to portray African-Americans as 
unlearned, uninhibited and indigent. Needless to say, this got exactly 
the kind of backlash one would expect from bigotry.

BY JORDAN UTLEY-THOMSON  contirButing writer



While Pi Kappa Alpha does come 
up a lot, everyone else should not be 
left off the hook. Greek life serves 
as a whipping boy with regard to 
how hazing —with no mention of 
any charitable efforts — is overly 
emphasized in the media, but it can 
easily happen on any intercollegiate 
sports team. It can happen in the 
marching band, one of UCSD’s many 
multicultural clubs and even in 
religious clubs.

This is why a message needs to 
be sent. As long as any social body 
thinks it can get away with hazing, 
these incidents will continue to occur. 
In this regard, Cal State Northridge 
did the right thing by temporarily 
suspending all pledge programs and 

future recruitment.
This is, of course, a major 

disappointment for everyone else 
involved that is law-abiding and 
responsible. The Greek community 
does a lot of good in terms of 
character building and philanthropy. 
Many of these organizations devote 
a large amount of time and resources 
toward truly making a difference in 
people’s lives. 

Whether it’s by helping the 
downtrodden or ensuring that each 
brother and sister gets the best out 
of their four years of college, it’s no 
surprise that college graduation rates 
are 20 percent higher among those 
who involve themselves in Greek 
life. There might even be some 
correlation with success, considering 
that 85 percent of Fortune 500 

executives wore Greek letters at one 
point, not to mention the many 
presidents and congressmen who 
have done the same. 

Though CSU Northridge’s act 
may be seen as an unfair punishment, 
Greeks should see this temporary ban 
as a step in the right direction. This 
shows a noble goal of eliminating the 
creeps from the Greek system while 
promoting only those with integrity 
and virtue. Greeks unfairly continue 
to struggle with negative stereotypes, 
and only a firm stance against hazing 
and derogatory behavior can ensure 
that only virtuous individuals can 
represent their chapters in their 
universities and the real world.

o P I n I o n  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V e M B e R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

         (Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Do you suffer
from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 

years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 
pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 

how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 
people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 

blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You will 
be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 
752-6979 or email (study@lji.org), and 

mention the Sette-Allergy study to find 
out more information.

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get
HAY FEVER?

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 

Do you suffer from:
runny/stuffy nose,
watery/itchy eyes,

congestion, sneezing,
sinus pressure?

Do you get hay fever?

Do you experience allergies that are induced by a change 
in the season? We are looking for allergic individuals to 
donate blood to help us study how seasonal pollens such 
as weeds, grasses, or trees induce allergies. The focus of 
our research is to better understand how your immune 

system may cause allergies.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of 
age, you will be asked to provide a blood donation 
(similar to what is provided at a blood bank) and 

compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator 
at (858) 752-6979 or email 

(study@lji.org), and mention 
the Sette-Allergy study to find 

out more information. 

worldfront window By David Juarez

Hazing Incidents Overshadow the Good in the Greek Community
▶ PLEDGES, from page 4

@UCSDGUARDIAN

Follow US oN 
TwITTeR

readers can contact
  jordan  utley-thomson    jutleyth@ucsd.edu 

LIKE US ON 
FACEBOOK.

facebook.com/
ucsdguardian



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSOUMYA  KURNOOLfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

The founder of The Secret Cookie Service talks about his experiences running the notorious dessert 
delivery network and his plans for its future.

Written by Kyle Somers // Senior Staff Writer 
Photos by Andrew Oh

Now a staple of late-night snack sources on campus, The Secret Cookie 
Service is facing a pivotal year in its business prospects. Most notably, an 
upcoming mobile application near the end of its development will simplify the 
ordering process, and the trajectory of the business may change as its leadership 
may soon be in the hands of UCSD students.

The Secret Cookie Service has been offering a nighttime cookie delivery 
service to students at UCSD and to the San Diego community since its con-
ception in fall 2011. The company founder, ex-UCSD graduate student, Agent 
Snickerdoodle, who asked that his real name not be used, expressed that, though 
he cares for The Secret Cookie Service “like his baby,” he is getting ready to move 
on in his entrepreneurial career. But rather than pass it on to a business profes-
sional, he is considering leaving it to the students of UCSD to run.

“It’s a business that is meant to be run, operated and — I think — owned 
by students,” Agent Snickerdoodle explained. “I’d like to license it to a business 
fraternity or Revelle College or a group that could get a lot out of running it — 
probably a business fraternity. I think it’s a great entrepreneurial teaching tool 
for running a small business.”

Though exploring new prospects, Agent Snickerdoodle is excited about 
streamlining The Secret Cookie Service, especially with the new app, which is 
slated to be released in mid-November. Instead of the sometimes slow or confus-
ing process of ordering by text messages, the app is expected to make ordering 
intuitive and more efficient.

“It’ll make things faster from the business end, and from the customer stand-
point you’ll be able to go on, see what cookie flavors are available that day, order 
as soon as possible or order for later if you want,” Snickerdoodle said. “It’s going 
to be much easier than looking up everything online then sending a text.”

When The Secret Cookie Service started in fall 2011, there wasn’t enough 
revenue to facilitate this kind of growth and expansion. Given the difficulty of 

starting a small food business with “razor thin” profit margins as Snickerdoodle 
put it, it could be considered surprising that the business didn’t fail in the 
beginning. He told the UCSD Guardian that the reason for The Secret Cookie 
Service’s success was mainly the quality of the product and that as the only full-
time employee in the beginning, he was able to give the business a good name 
with his enthusiastic attitude.

“I realized it would be hard to hire people as enthusiastic I was,” Snickerdoodle 
added. “Ultimately, though, I did end up hiring kick-ass people, and that’s why 
we succeeded after the first year.”

Success didn’t come easily to The Secret Cookie Service, though, and they 
faced several major obstacles. For instance, in spring 2012, a student that 
Snickerdoodle had previously dated started The Busty Bakery, a short-lived 
cookie delivery business that mimicked The Secret Cookie Service. Agent 
Snickerdoodle also tried setting up a cookie stand this summer, but in his own 
words, the attempt “failed miserably.” From this, he learned to focus on delivery 
rather than a physical store.

Over the course of the last three years, The Secret Cookie Service has 
expanded from one full-time employee to 10. Snickerdoodle feels that the expe-
rience — not the money — has been the most important commodity he’s gained 
in this expansion.

“Three years ago, I wouldn’t even be able to apply anywhere or get someone 
to work on a project with me,” Snickerdoodle said. “Now, because of this, I’m 
seen as legitimate and hard-working.”

Snickerdoodle also hopes to set the professional skills he honed while selling 
cookies to a greater test.

“I want to work for a kind of company that solves energy or water crises,” 
Snickerdoodle said. “Cookies are great, but I’d love to do something more mean-
ingful than cookies.”

The Legacy of Agent 
Snickerdoodle

readers can contact
Kyle somers   ksomers@ucsd.edu 



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

LIVE PERFORMANCES, BREATHTAKING
RIDES, AND DELICIOUS FOOD

NOV. 14 • 8:30 P.M. • TOWN SQUARE & MATTHEWS QUAD

founders.ucsd.edu #ucsdfounders

FOUNDERS
SYMPOSIUM
Short talks from
extraordinary minds 
Thursday, Nov. 13 • 5–7 p.m.
Price Center

FOUNDERS
DAY
Entertainment, games,
tasty treats, and more
Friday, Nov. 14 • 11:30 a.m.–2 p.m.
Price Center and Town Square

Free 
events!

CURIOSITY
PASSION
TRANSFORMATION
FOUNDERS 
CELEBRATION



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

The Man Behind the Books
Brian Schottlaender discusses his role as the University Librarian and 

changes he hopes to bring about in the campus library system. 
Written By Soo Yun Park // Contributing Writer 

Photo Used With Permission From UCSD Library

Winner of the Melvil Dewey Medal in 2010, the Audrey Geisel 
University Librarian Brian Schottlaender is an innovator of ideas who 
looks to provide the best for UCSD students and faculty. He has plans 
to transfer all physical resources into a digital space and to build a cof-
fee shop inside the library by Fall Quarter 2015. 

Schottlaender has worked hard with his staff to make great resourc-
es available to students and faculty with the overall theme of keeping 
it safe and open for as long as possible. Geisel Library formed its first 
Library Student Advisory Council this year in order to get a full sense 
of what students would like to see in the library. According to the 
council, the two main needs of the students are longer hours and cof-
fee available inside the library. Providing longer hours was possible 
through the opening of the 24/5 Study Commons located on the main 
floor in the East Wing, which includes more than 500 seats.

“I have security guards who make sweeps through the [Geisel Library] 
building ...  just to give me a sense of how many people are here, and 
apparently 300 to 400 kids are here at 3 or 4 o’clock in the morning. That’s 
amazing,” Schottlaender said.

Currently, Schottlaender is also in the process of planning a coffee 
shop which will be available during late hours. He hopes to open it by 
Fall Quarter 2015.

“So we’ve been talking to a couple of people on campus who are kind 
of in the coffee shop business about possibilities, and I think we’re zero-
ing in on a possibility,” he said. “We’d prefer to work with a local coffee 
vendor, rather than a national chain. We would prefer to have as much 
Fair Trade coffee and tea as we can get.” 

Growing up in Germany where his father worked for the American 
government in military bases, Schottlaender visited the base libraries 
where, as a passionate reader, he could borrow countless books and 
other forms of media.

“ I have this very vivid memory of going to these military base librar-
ies and not only checking out books because I was a really avid reader, 
but they had really cool record collections as well,” Schottlaender said. 
“And I can remember [that] the first Bob Dylan record I ever heard was 
from a military base library, and I think it was that exposure ... to those 
libraries that really made me think about becoming a librarian.” 

Schottlaender, a collector himself, is personally involved in the Herman 
Baca archives, which document the Chicano labor movement, and the 
archive for New Poetry.

“I’m kind of personally interested in [the archive for New Poetry] 
because I’m a collector myself and I really like modern literature, and 
that’s where the modern literature lives,” Schottlaender said.       

He has also worked at the California Digital Library, UCLA, the 
University of Arizona and Indiana University, but has decided to come 
back to UCSD for a second five-year term. Schottlaender says that the 
reason he has stayed is the innovation of UCSD and how technologi-
cally advanced the campus is.

“This campus has an unbelievable amount of technology resources, 
and so we have really been able to capitalize on those [and] the San Diego 
Supercomputer Center, [and] we have Calit2 here,” Schottlaender said.

New projects capitalizing on the advanced technology UCSD pos-
sesses are also underway. Schottlaender talked about installing a visu-
alization wall in the library, which would allow students to picture all 
kinds of scientific data physically. For example, the wall could visualize 
data sent by astrophysicists studying the Big Bang — data which would 
otherwise look like dots meaning absolutely nothing to most people. 
Schottlaender also wishes to develop digital media laboratories that 
would allow students to create digital media and have specialists pres-
ent to help them do it.

With around four million archival resources available in the library, 
Schottlaender wishes that students would make more use of the 
library’s resources.

“So some of that’s on us [librarians], in the sense that we got to 
make sure you know it … and then some of it is on you, in the sense 
that you want to want to use that kind of material. It’s really cool stuff,” 
Schottlaender said.

Schottlaender believes “general information tools” like Google and 
Wikipedia fail to provide the same rich quality of information that 
primary research material — like cassette recordings of poetry — does. 
Geisel Library’s special collections contain an impressive amount of 
primary research material, including work that has never been and 
most likely never will be published. 

 “It’s kind of a cliche, but I believe it, to say that libraries are essen-
tial to the learning experience,” Schottlaender said. “We know because 
there have been a lot of studies done ... that the first place students go to 
when they’re looking for information is Google … and then often, the 
second thing is Wikipedia ... But both of those things are just jumping-
off points.” 

readers can contact
soo yun park   syp008@ucsd.edu 



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V e M B e R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

ation qualifiers were senior Eva Chen 
in the 100 breaststroke, who went 
1:05.04 for a third-place finish, and 
sophomore Austine Lee in the 50 free 
(24.05). The 200 free relay team of 
sophomore Natalie Tang, freshman 
Angie Phetbenjakul, Lee and Amog 
also earned an NCAA B cut with a 
time of 1:36.86. 

On the men’s side, junior co-cap-
tain Paul Li nabbed first place in the 
500 free with a time of 4:36.60. His 
top-finishing performance was the 
only UCSD win for the Triton men. 

“Paul was head-to-head with the 
top Santa Barbara swimmers, and 
given the fact that he was coached last 
year by Matt [Macedo], there was a 
bit of a rivalry,” Falcon said. “He start-
ed to pull ahead at the 400 mark and 
it was a very exciting finish.”

After the tough matchup, the Tri-

ton swimmers will prepare for the 
three-day A3 Performance Invita-
tional starting on Thursday, Nov. 20 
in Monterey Park. As for the diving 
squad, the Tritons will head to Red-

lands for the Bulldog Diving Invite 
this Friday, Nov. 14. 

to.ucsd.edu

$25$18
$18 *prices include tax

APPAREL ON SALE
BUY ONLINE

Choose us

RIGHT
for ALL THE

REASONS

More bike paths, 
sunny days, and 
hands-on learning.

cwsl.edu/more

CWSL_UCSD_2014_01.indd   4 10/31/14   1:38 PM

Water Polo Will Prepare for Postseason, WWPA Championships

competitive home game of the year. 
“It’s the last absolute home game 

we have,” senior utility Lukas Syka 
said. “With all the seniors here and all 
our parents, it’s just such a big deal to 
get that win today.”

The match opened with a bang 
with both sides scoring a total of 
nine goals in only the first quarter. 
Higginson, Michalko, senior utility 
Josh Stiling and Syka all recorded 
goals, as the Tritons trailed 5–4 at 
the end of the first frame. 

In the second quarter, the 
Anteaters extended their lead, scor-
ing two goals to UCSD’s one. The 
Tritons would continue to play from 
behind until a comeback surge in 
the final quarter.

After an early fourth-quarter goal 
from UC Ivrine, UCSD was down 
9–7 with just under eight minutes left 

in play. However, the Tritons main-
tained composure and fired back 
with three unanswered goals to eke 
out the 10–9 victory. Senior utility 
Luca De Vivo scored first, followed 
by clutch goals from Higginson and 
Syka to take the match. 

“We don’t really get too emo-
tional,” Syka said. “We have eight 
seniors on the team and a bunch of 
guys who really don’t get too high 
or too low. We just kept grinding, 
and that’s the key to getting back in 
the game.” 

Amazingly, all 10 goals came 
via seniors on senior night. Senior 
2M Joe Dietrich, Syka, De Vivo 
and Higginson all finished with 
two goals each, while Stiling and 
Michalko both recorded one. 

With the entirety of their regular 
season in the books, the Tritons will 
next prepare for playoffs, begin-
ning with the Western Water Polo 

Association Championships. After 
finishing with a perfect 6–0 confer-
ence record, UCSD will enter as 
the No. 1 seed, giving them a first-
round bye and automatic entry into 
the tournament’s semifinals. 

“These next eight, nine days are 
just going to be intense training,” 
Syka said. “We’ll be breaking our-
selves down a little more so that we 
can be in top shape for the weekend.” 

While the league championship 
will not begin until Friday, Nov. 
21, the Tritons will participate in a 
pair of noncompetitive exhibition 
matches in the meantime. UCSD 
will host Sunset San Diego and 
Olympic Club on Saturday, Nov. 15. 
The first match begins at 10 a.m., 
followed by a 12 p.m. starting time 
for the second match.  

readers can contact
brandon  yu    bcyu@ucsd.edu 

▶ m. water polo, from page 12

UCSD Records Seven Total NCAA Consideration Qualifiers
▶ swim & dive , from page 12

readers can contact
brandon  yu    bcyu@ucsd.edu 

Grant Jackson would convert on two 
LMU turnovers to keep the Tritons 
within one possession.

With less than two seconds re-
maining in the game and down three, 
UCSD had one final opportunity to tie 
the game. Van Dyke put up the shot but 
missed the potential game tying buzz-
er. Klie made the offensive putback at 
the buzzer for a final score of 68–67.

Forward Jordan Flannery got the 
nod to start the game and played 19 
minutes. The 6-foot-5 inch freshman 
attempted only two shots in the outing 
and was unable to convert on either. 
Freshmen guard George Buaku and 
Jackson also made their Triton debut, 
keeping the team in the game down 
the stretch with a couple clutch buck-
ets. The two combined for 13 points in 
15 minutes of play. 

“We got to put those guys on the 
court,” Olen said. “A lot of the young 

guys are [going] be big parts of what we 
are doing so they are going to get a lot 
of experience early. We have so many 
young guys; they get a lot of reps so it’s 
a little bit of tria l by fire, trying to put 
them in positions to be successful. We 
don’t have the luxury of having them 
learn behind older guys.”

The Tritons play at UC Riverside 
next Saturday, Nov. 15, for their second 
and final Division-I exhibition game. 
UCSD officially starts its season Nov. 
22, when the team travels to Cal Poly 
Pomona to take on the Broncos. The 
team looks to make a few adjustments 
before the start of the season. 

“We’re trying to get the ball moving 
a little bit better,” Olen said. “Trying to 
be a bit versatile overall, overall more 
balanced at who’s getting shots, who’s 
making plays. It’s more of a group effort 
and a little adjustment in style of play.”

readers can contact
Daniel  Sung   d2sung@ucsd.edu 

Tritons to Play UC Riverside in Exhibition
▶ m. BasKetBall, from page 12

phOTO BY MeGAN LAO/guardian

phOTO BY ALwIN SZeTO /guardian



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
crossword

ACROSS
1 Devious, in a way
4 Bad states
9 You often see a lap in one
14 Bullet in a deck
15 Strange
16 Kind of trader
17 Royal sleep disturbance, in a tale
18 Break from soldiers’ training?
20 Ill-advised
22 Flames’ org.
23 Gives the slip
24 Clown settlement?
27 Old waste allowance
28 Resemble strongly
33 ID necessity, often
36 Plow into
37 Like Chinese dishes, frequently
38 International affair?
42 It may be gross in med sch.
43 OPEC member
44 Development units
45 Picks
47 Monopoly card
49 O. Henry stories?
54 Pizza chain
58 Like Bizet’s only symphony
59 Night light
60 Copperfield’s limo?
63 Short sentence about a long term
64 Center of Cleveland?
65 Some plots
66 “I reckon not”
67 Noodleheads
68 “Siddhartha” author
69 It’s up to you

DOWN
1 “Mr. Smith Goes to Washington” director
2 Shore thing

3 Dough-raising need
4 __ story
5 Fine point
6 August comment
7 Warbling sound
8 IPO overseer
9 Malibu and Tahoe
10 Guadalajara greeting
11 Ideal for Joshua trees
12 “Now that makes sense”
13 Trio in an NBA game
19 Entitle, as an altered file
21 Ancient Indo-European
25 Swift reptile
26 Vividly colored fish
29 Used as an elevator
30 Blob’s lack
31 Rubberneck
32 Eye cells
33 NEA supporters
34 Fine-tune
35 Fall birthstone
36 Itinerary abbr.
39 Have a better crew than
40 Burkina __
41 See 6-Down
46 Group with common interests
47 Some booth occupants
48 Proverbs follower: Abbr.
50 Heiress, perhaps
51 Equestrian tools
52 Maker of Advantix cameras
53 Blizzardlike
54 Urban hazard
55 Proverbial thorn
56 “A Death in the Family” novelist
57 England’s Portsmouth Harbour and 

others
61 “As if!”
62 Mariner’s hdg.

BOATS
48’ Mikelson 48 1988 - 48’ Mikelson, 
1989, two staterooms, two heads, AIR 
CONDITIONING, Outriggers, Watermaker, 
CAT power, Caribe 11’ Dinghy with slip 
in Coronado, CA. will consider interesting 
trades for Tucson real estate, pre 1971 hot 
rods or ? Great boat for the money ! Needs 
new batteries and some TLC. Listing ID: 
94268194 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

NISSAN!! 6 HP NISSAN OUTBOARD 4 
STROKES AS NEW - Hard to find long shaft 
, very light ......pre-owned 1 time as kicker 
!!!...so virtually new ..sailboat ready !!..or any 
boat .... $895 ..pl respond to the add with 
your contact details...too much spam here 
Listing ID: 94268193 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Waverunner, 1995, FRESH WATER ONLY 
- Yamaha Wave Runner, 1995 model 
WRA65OT, rated for 3 people, freshwater 
only, 1 family owner, gently pre-owned and 
enjoyed, NEW battery, just pre-owned once 
in last 3 yrs, ran great for Sept. afternoon 
Lake Elsinore. Has current registration, 
owner’s manual and cover, but NO TRAILER. 
Light enough to put in back of truck! FAST 
AND FUN, READY TO RUN! Let’s talk terms 
or trade for stucco/painting  Listing ID: 
94268191 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

EVENTS & TICKETS
Dog Adoption Event - Every Saturday Baja 
Dog Rescue hosts a dog adoption event 
at the Petco, 3495 Sports Arena Blvd. We 
are an American run 501c(3) non-profit 
organization that is operated by a group of 
dedicated volunteers in the Baja California 
area. We are a no-kill shelter that rescues 
and rehabilitates unwanted, abandoned, 
and neglected dogs from the streets and 
local pound and find them loving happy 

homes; we literally give them a 2nd chance 
at life. We currently have almost 200 res-
cued street dogs at our facility where they 
receive the medical attention, food, and 
love needed to be ready for adoption here 
in San Diego. Listing ID: 94268177 at ucs-
dguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

California Ballet’s Giselle- A jewel of the clas-
sical ballet repertoire, Giselle, demonstrates 
how beautiful and heartbreaking dance 
can be. Set to a haunting score by Adolphe 
Adam, this Hamlet of the dance world spins 
the tragic tale of a beautiful young peasant 
girl who falls for the flirtations of the deceit-
ful and disguised Prince Albrecht. When 
the ruse is revealed, the fragile Giselle dies 
of heartbreak. Albrecht must then face 
the consequences of his careless seduction 
when confronted by the Wilis: vengeful 
spirits of spurned lovers who roam the 
forests for unsuspecting men to slaugh-
ter. Giselle’s misguided love for Albrecht 
is the nobleman’s only hope for salvation. 
Special offer on November 1, 2014 7:30pm 
seating: $15/ticket (regular price $40-$90). 
Tickets will be available for pickup at the 
California Ballet Representative window in 
Will Call at the Civic Theatre starting 60 
minutes before the performance.Listing ID: 
94268176 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Seedheads- Sol Remedy- Paul Cannon 
Band- BIG MOUNTAIN- Tribal Theory- 
Mr.2Nite Fall Tour with Tribal Theory is 
just getting started! Join us for a reggae 
party at Epicentre featuring Tribal Theory, 
QUINO from Big Mountain, Paul Cannon 
Band, Seedheads, & Sol Remedy. Listing ID: 
94268175 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

CARS AND AUTO
2007 Honda Accord - Options Include, 16” 
Alloy Wheels, Sunroof, 6CD/ MP3 Changer 
With Aux, Woodgrain Interior Package, 

Adjustable Seats, Climate Control, Tilt and 
Telescopic Steering Wheel, Cruise Controls 
on Steering Wheel, Traction Control, Theft 
Deterrent System, Remote Keyless Entry, 
Power Heated Mirrors, Antilock Brakes, 
Service Interval Indicator, Power Windows, 
Power Locks, Tinted Glass, and Much More!. 
Listing ID: 94268137 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

honda accord crosstour- Price: 20,500Miles: 
44500Vehicle Type: Used CarsDrive: 
FWDTransmission: AutomaticExterior: 
PEARL WHITEInterior: BLACKVIN: 
5J6TF1H57AL003716 Listing ID: 94268136 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

91 mazda miata - clean title. 5 speed. tags 
paid. comes with some after market good-
ies ! Listing ID: 94110594 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

LECTURE
NOTES

NOW OPEN!
An A.S. enterprise that pays 

student note-takers to take notes 
for a variety of courses. Current 
Notes (note-taker is in the class) 
are sold on a subscription basis 

and are available for pick up every 
Monday morning.

Archive Notes (from a previous 
quarter) are pre-ordered and the 

entire quarter's notes are available in 
a bound packet.

HOURS OF OPERATION
Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm

Occasional Sat: 10am-2pm

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu

Located o
n Level 1 

at the Stu
dent Cent

er



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

NATHAN HUBBARD TRIO
THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER

WED11.12 • 8pm
Tahrir

CAMPUS
CALENDAR
NOV 10 - NOV 16

2014 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

MON11.10 WED11.12TUE11.11
1pm
MEET UPS: CAREER CONVERSATIONS - BLACK 
RESOURCE CENTER
Informal and fun career chats with a career advisor.

2pm
HUNGRY FOR HEALTHY: MOJITOS - THE ZONE
Come join us for a delicious mocktail demo of mojitos 
with the Student Health Advocates! Hungry for Healthy is 
free; all supplies and materials provided. Space is limited 
and is first come, first served.

5pm
FILM SERIES: RELIGION, THE BODY, AND EVIL 
- PEPPER CANYON, RM 121
Come explore the themes of religion, the body and evil 
through film. Our Fall Film Series kicks off with a 
screening of The Omen (1976). Each film presentation 
will be followed by an informal discussion about the film 
and its relation to these three themes. Sponsored by the 
Department of Literature's Program for the Study of 
Religion. Free admission.

7pm
BOARD AND BREW - THE LOFT
Join us as we break out the board games and make 
room for a good old-fashioned night of fun. To add to the 
fun, we also provide you with discounts on top-notch 
brews and delicious flatbreads. This time around, ACTA 
(All Campus Transfer Association) will be hosting the 
event! Board and Brew, as always, is open to everyone.

11am
ART AND SOUL - THE ZONE
Spice up your home with this homemade candle holder. 
Workshops are free; all supplies and materials 
provided. Space is limited and is first come, first 
served.

4pm
DE-STRESS POWER HOUR: R&R SQUAD & 
DE-STRESS WITH BIOFEEDBACK - THE ZONE
Come out to the Zone to get a free massage and while 
you're waiting, measure your stress levels through 
De-Stress with Biofeedback!

6pm
SDAFF: 9-MAN - ATKINSON HALL, AUD.
9-Man is a sport like no other. Sprouting from the 
Chinatown concrete and spreading across the 
continent is all-American jungle ball: volleyball with 
more bodies and more bruises, more slams and more 
swagger. Also unavoidable: that this is a sport of 
Chinese American men. Unimaginable: that outside of 
the Chinatown circuit, the sport has been under the 
radar of the mainstream, and until Ursula Liangâs 
new documentary 9-MAN, unknown even among many 
Asian Americans.

8pm
NATHAN HUBBARD TRIO + KEITH KELLY 
ASK NOT - THE LOFT
The K/M/H Trio is a newer situation based around the 
fractured lines of Peter Kuhn (Frank Lowe, Lester 
Bowie), the deep resonances and hyperactivity of Kyle 
Motl (Abbey Rader, Blowfly), and the cross current 
collection of Nathan Hubbard (San Diego stalwart, 
Rafter, etc). Meanwhile, Keith Kelly is also recognized 
simply under the band name, Ask Not, a quartet of 
like-minded musicians, focusing on blending genres 
and approaches in a democratic model. This group 
seeks out the slurry-messy places between the 20th 
and 21st century popular music. 

FRI11.14
11am
TIPS FOR SUCCESS: UCSD ALUMNI ADVISOR 
NETWORK - CAREER SERVICES CENTER
The UC community is a global network of students and 
professionals. When you get involved, you interact and 
engage individuals who can help your career and 
professional development.

11:30am
FLU CLINIC - THE ZONE
Cost of vaccine is FREE for students with SHIP. Costs for 
students without SHIP- Injectable: $15 Intranasal: $25.

1pm
RADY[X] SMARTHOME TECHNOLOGY 
CONFERENCE- UCSD RADY SCHOOL OF 
MANAGEMENT, BEYSER AUDITORIUM
Clear your calendar - It's going down! Rady[x] kicks off 
on November 14th, and you're invited to take part in the 
festivities. UCSD Rady School of Management is our 
meeting spot for a day of technology and business. 
Come one, come all, bring a guest (with ticket). This is 
going to be epic!

2pm
MICHAEL NAVA BOOK TALK -RAZA 
RESOURCE CENTRO
Michael Nava is one of the most important figures in 
LGBT Latino/a literature. He is hailed as one of the 
creators of the Chicano mystery genre due to his wildly 
popular Henry Rios series featuring a gay Chicano 
protagonist.

7:30pm
THE BURIAL AT THEBES - THE MANDELL 
WEISS FORUM THEATRE
Set in a mythic land halfway between ancient Thebes 
and Washington D.C., this contemporary adaptation of 
Sophocles' Antigone asks which is more important, the 
laws of man or the laws of the gods? This production 
will focus on the intersection of the political and the 
personal and investigate American culture in a highly 
theatrical form.

10am
FITSTOP HEALTH ASSESSMENT - THE ZONE, 
PRICE CENTER PLAZA
FITstop is a 20-minute free health assessment that 
measures your level of health and fitness compared to 
others in your age group. Workshops are free and space 
is limited. FitStop is hosted by the Student Health 
Advocates.

SAT11.15
7:30pm
AIRTO MOREIRA & EYEDENTITY - THE LOFT
Airto Moreira was born in a small village of Itaiopolis 
(South Brazil) and in 1974 he formed his first band 
"Fingers" with Flora Purim. You don't want to miss this 
band on November 15th at The Loft!

8pm
ARTPOWER! PRESENTS: ARABESQUE - 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM
In their San Diego debut, Arabesque will awaken all of the 
senses of ArtPower! dance lovers, drawing them closer to 
the traditional cultural beauty in rural areas in Vietnam 
through their exquisite movement.

THU11.13
3pm
PASSPORT TO CULTURE: NETHERLANDS - 
I-HOUSE LOUNGES CUZCO
Learn about life and culture in other countries and states 
from current international and out-of-state students. 
Enjoy a traditional taste of food from the highlighted 
region each week! Come earn your passport and "travel 
around the world"! All students welcome! Great for 
students interested in studying abroad! Week 6 will 
highlight NETHERLANDS! FREE FOOD!

3pm
LIFE AFTER COLLEGE: WHAT YOU WON’T 
LEARN FROM CRAIGSLIST OR LINKEDIN - 
CROSS-CULTURAL CENTER, COMUNIDAD RM
"Job? Grad School? Travel? Another internship? What do 
I do after I graduate?! I'm confused!" Sound familiar? 
Craigslist or LinkedIn can't give you all the answers, so 
get the right ones "for you" by gaining practical advice 
and insight from a panel of experienced professionals 
sharing grad school, alumni and employer perspectives!

5pm
RICHARD PELL VISITING ARTIST LECTURE - 
CENTER HALL, RM 119
The Department of Visual Arts Presents an Artist Lecture 
by Richard Pell. Pell is a Pittsburgh-based artist and 
professor of electronic media art at Carnegie Mellon 
University working at the intersections of science, 
engineering, and culture.

5pm
SOCIAL POWER HOUR - PRICE CENTER, 
LEVEL 1, COMMUTER LOUNGE
Avoid rush hour! Come by the PC Commuter Lounge and 
enjoy FREE Pizza, music, and good vibes!

8pm
ARTPOWER! PRESENTS AN EVENING WITH 
DAVID SEDARIS - BALBOA THEATRE, 
DOWNTOWN SD
With sardonic wit and incisive social critiques, David 
Sedaris has become one of America's pre-eminent 
humor writers. An ArtPower! fan favorite for many years: 
come early or stick around after the show for Sedaris 
legendary book signing sessions with books available to 
purchase from Warwick.



The UCSD swim and dive team 
failed to keep up this past Friday 
against NCAA Division I opponent 
UC Santa Barbara, losing the meet 
on both the men’s and women’s side. 
Following the defeat, both Triton 
squads are at an even 1–1 early on 
in the season.

The men lost 151–103 on the 
day while the Triton women were 
defeated with a 156–101 score. The 
Tritons were also going up against 
former UCSD men’s head coach 
Matt Macedo, who joined UCSB this 
year as an assistant coach. Despite 
the loss, UCSD still put up a com-
bined seven NCAA consideration 
qualifying marks. 

“I’m really, really happy with 
how we swam,” UCSD women’s head 
coach Corrie Falcon told the UCSD 
Athletics Department. “We lost the 
meet, but we won a few events, and 
we’re faster than we were last year 
in this meet in all but two events. It 
feels like both the men and women 
are on track.”

The Triton freshmen proved 
their worth for the second meet in 
a row, standing out among a slew of 

swimmers in spite of their limited 
collegiate experience. 

Freshman Julia Toronczak earned 
first overall in the 200-yard backstroke 
with a time of 2:04.84. Toronczak im-
proved her previous best by more than 
a full second. 

Freshman Stephanie Sin continued 
to show exciting potential, finishing 
first overall in the 1,000-yard freestyle 
and second in the 500 free. Impressive-
ly, Sin’s time of 10:26.84 in her first-ev-
er collegiate 1,000 free was an NCAA 

consideration qualifier. 
“Stephanie led from the first 25 

[yards] and pretty much dominated 
the field,” Falcon said. “With her sec-
ond [place finish] in the 500 [free], it 
was a very nice meet for her.”

Senior Jaclyn Amog also took the 
top spot in the 100-yard butterfly with 
a time of 57.36, good for an NCAA 
consideration qualifier. 

Among other NCAA consider-

SPORTS contact the editorbRan DOn  yusports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V e M B e R  1 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Tritons End Regular Season With Split
MEn'S WaTER POLO

UCSD loses 8–4 to No. 4 Long Beach State, bounces back with 10–9 win over No. 12 UC Irvine. 
BY BRANDON YU sPORTs EDITOR // phOtO BY mEgan lEE

Concluding its regular season schedule, the No. 6 UCSD men’s water polo team split its final two games at home 
this past week, falling 8–4 to No. 4 Cal State 
Long Beach on Thursday before bouncing back 
to defeat No. 12 UC Irvine 10–9. The Tritons 
finish their season with a 13–9 overall record 
and now await the start of the postseason. 

The third quarter served as UCSD’s down-
fall on Thursday night. Cal State Long Beach 
tallied three goals while shutting out the 
Tritons in the third frame to ultimately pull 
away with the match.

“I thought we played a great first half,” 
UCSD head coach Denny Harper told the 
UCSD Guardian. “We hung in it really well, 

but that third period was a bit of a disaster. It 
started with missing man-up [possessions].”

The score was tightly contested in the 
first two quarters of the match, with both 
squads trading goals throughout. The 49ers 
started things off, hitting the cage within the 
first minute of play. Senior two-meter player 
Matt Michalko responded for UCSD, setting 
off a chain of back-and-forth scoring from 
each side. 

While the Tritons failed to seize the lead, 
they consistently kept the 49ers within only a 
one-goal advantage. At the half, UCSD trailed 
4–3, with goals coming from Michalko, soph-
omore driver Andy Moore and senior utility 
David Higginson. 

Cal State Long Beach’s strong third quarter 
turned the tide, as the Tritons failed to over-
come a four-goal deficit. Entering the final 
frame, the 49ers held a 7–3 edge. Each team 
notched one more score each to bring the blue 
and gold to an 8–4 loss. 

“We had some bad decision-making and 
some people just not seeing the obvious scor-
ing sequence that we could have had,” Harper 
said. “I think probably the biggest difference 
was our inability to make 6-on-5s.”

On Saturday, prior to the match, eight 
seniors were honored for senior night, as the 
Tritons played in what could be their final 

See m. soccer, page 11

SWIM  &  DIVE

Men and Women Fall Against UCSB
Tritons struggle to keep up with D-I competition but record impressive race times. 

by  bran don  yu 
sports editor

See swim & dive, page 11

phOTO BY keLSeA BeRGh /guardian

MEn'S  baSKETbaLL

LMU Escapes with Victory
UCSD pulls ahead early but loses 68–67 in exhibition. 

The UCSD men’s basketball team 
kicked off its preseason this past Thurs-
day night in an exhibition game against 
Division-I opponent Loyola Mary-
mount University. The game went 
down to the wire as the Lion s erased 
a 14-point deficit to ultimately win by a 
narrow 68–67 score.

Thursday’s matchup was only 
the second time the two schools 
have played against each other, the 
last time occurring during the 1983 
regular season in which the Tritons 
prevailed 87–82.

The men’s team this season is full of 
new faces after losing its two seniors, 
James McCann and MacKenzie Mc-
Cullough. The Tritons have added six 
freshmen and two transfers in sopho-
more Jeff Van Dyke and junior Tony 
Morman. Van Dyke played 24 min-
utes in his Triton debut, shooting 4–13 
from the field for nine points. Head 
coach Eric Olen is optimistic about the 
team’s chemistry.

“The chemistry is good,” Olen said 
to the UCSD Guardian. “Everyone has 
a good attitude, and work ethic is good 
so that really helps from a chemistry 
standpoint. It has been a little bit of a 

learning curve for us with all the new 
faces. It does take us a little bit longer 
to develop on the court chemistry, and 
it’s a little different when seven or eight 
guys are trying to learn something.”

Junior forward Drew Dyer post-
ed a double-double in the opener, 
finishing the game with a team 
highs in 20 points and 11 rebounds. 
He shot an efficient 6–9 from the 
field while going 5–7 from beyond 
the arc. With no senior on the team, 
Dyer is presenting himself as the 
clear leader of this year’s squad. 

Sophomore standout Adam Klie 
contributed 13 points and two steals. 
After averaging 10 points and four re-
bounds last season, he is expected to 
step up and have another stellar season. 

Despite shooting 42.9 percent to 
Loyola Marymount’s 55.6 percent in 
the first half, the Tritons were able to 
build up a 14-point lead early largely 
due to their three-point shooting. The 
Lions, however, fought back to tie the 
game up at 37 going into intermission. 

The second half would be a back 
and forth exchange between the two 
teams. The Lions took a nine-point 
lead with a little over two minutes re-
maining.  However, freshman guard 

by  dan i el  su ng
associate sports editor             

See m. BasKetBall, page 11

Swim & Dive
W. Volleyball

Fencing
W. Basketball
M. Basketball

  11/14
  11/14
   11/15
   11/15
   11/15

AT Bulldog Diving Invite 
AT Cal State East Bay
VS BladeRunner
AT University of Mary
AT UC Riverside

UpCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


	111014_Calendar_PG11
	111014_Classifieds_PG10
	111014FEATURESBW
	111014OPINION

