
JUST GETTING 
STARTED

Triton men’s water polo looks 
ahead to hosting and taking 
on the NCAA Championship 
Bracket after taking the top 
spot and another title at the 
WWPA Tournament over the 

weekend.

ALL  I N   O RD ER

CARRY  ON,  CARRY  ON

DAVID   ROSE  KEEPS  THE  PEACE

WEAPONS  CONCEALMENT

FEATURES,  Page   7

opinion,   page 4

MONDAY
H 76 L 56

TUESDAY
H 75 L 55

WEDNESDAY
H 78 L 54

THURSDAY
H 77 L 56

FORECAST

VERBATIM
Keep a cash-
box at hand 
throughout 
the entire 
Thanksgiving 
weekend and 
remind your 
friends and family that they 
should be less Scrooge-y this 
holiday season.”

- The Guru
How-to-Guru

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Average Cat .................... 2
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Letter to the Editor .......... 5
Crossword .................... 10
Calendar ....................... 11

“

SPORTS,  PAGE  12

PHOTOS BY MEGAN LEE/GUARDIAN

VOLUME 48, ISSUE 16 MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

UC SYSTEM   REGENTS APPROVE THE FIVE PERCENT TUITION HIKES

The UC Board of Regents met from Nov. 18 to 20 and discussed and approved a set of motions and appointments, including the 5-percent 
annual tuition increase over the next five years.

Aside from the tuition increase, the regents allowed, 
at UC President Napolitano’s request, Dr. Regis B. 
Kelly to hold a senior management advisor position 
to Napolitano for innovation and entrepreneurship. 
Kelly, the current director of the California Institute 
for Quantitative Biosciences at UC San Francisco, will 
receive an annual base salary of $403,000, which will 
not come from state funds.

According to the UC Regents Committee on 
Compensation, Kelly will help the University of 
California capitalize on its research.

“The development of these alternative revenue 
sources has become increasingly important given the 
current financial realities facing the University,” the 
Committee’s report stated. “To accomplish these goals, 
he will bridge academia and commercial industries 
with entrepreneurial ventures.”

Another appointment made by the UC Regents, 
also requested by Napolitano, was that of Patrice 
Knight as AVP Chief Procurement Officer, UC Health, 
Office of the President. Neither tuition nor state funds 
will fund Knight’s $410,000 base salary, nor the esti-
mated $61,500 to $102,500 relocation compensation. 

Prior to her appointment to the position, Knight 
worked at IBM for more than 30 years, where she held 
vice president-level positions in Procurement, Global 
Supply, Supply Chain and Strategic Sourcing.

The statement regarding the appointment dis-
cussed how Knight’s position would enable the UC 
Health System to reduce operating costs.

“This appointment is a key position for UC Health’s 
efforts to better control costs and manage the overall 
enterprise more efficiently. The purchasing activity of 
UC medical centers amounts to $2.4 billion annually,” 
the report concluded. “Patrice Knight’s charge will be to 
develop programs and processes to achieve a target of 
$150 million in savings over three years.”

Five-percent tuition increases were also approved for 

BY TINA BUTOIU associate NEWS Editor

The San Diego City Council met on 
Tuesday, Nov. 18 and unanimously 
approved the Pure Water San Diego 
program — a 20-year water recycling 
project expected to purify up to 15 
million additional gallons of drinkable 
water daily by 2023. 

Under the new program, wastewa-
ter would first be sent to an Advanced 
Water Purification Facility, where it 
will undergo several purification pro-
cesses like membrane filtration and 
advanced oxidation. Afterward, waste-
water will be blended with imported 
water in an environmental buffer — 
the San Vicente Reservoir, in this case 
— before finally being sent to a regular 
drinking water plant for distribution. 
The reclaimed water would be moni-
tored at all stages of purification.

Eventually, the Pure Water program 
would bypass the natural reservoir, 
sending water straight to the final treat-
ment plant for direct potable reuse. San 
Diego is currently using funds from 
Proposition 50 and Proposition 84 to 
research additional protective barriers 
for this DPR method. 

Although the short-term goal is to 
provide 15 million gallons per day by 
2023, the city’s long-term hope is that 
more advanced facilities will increase 
output to 83 million gallons of puri-
fied water by 2035, accounting for 
over one-third of the city’s total supply. 
The program may eliminate the need 
for expensive upgrades to the exist-
ing Point Loma Wastewater Treatment 
Plant, which currently cleans sewage 
that is pumped into the Pacific Ocean. 
Pure Water San Diego is funded by 
a variety of grants with an estimated 
total price tag of $3.5 billion. The city 
is currently providing free tours of the 
advanced treatment plant. 

According to the City of San Diego 
Public Utilities Department currently 
imports up to 85 percent of its water. 
With recurring droughts and depleted 
reserves, the city had been working 
with other organizations to find ways 
to maximize water usage since 2004. In 
January 2004, City Council authorized 
a water-reuse study to comprehen-
sively research all opportunities for 
recycling water, and a second study 
was conducted in 2009. The compiled 
data culminated into the Pure Water 
San Diego program.

A demonstration project at 
Miramar was also implemented in 
2007 to test its feasibility. Operating 
a study-scale facility, the city found 
that the process efficiently provided 
water that met or exceeded all federal 
and state -safety standards. Since 2008, 
Orange County has already been using 
a similar purification process as well.

San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer 

City Council 
Passes Water
Recycling 
Program

SAN DIEGO

The city hopes the program 
will generate over 15 million 
gallons of water per day 
over the next eight years.

BY  An drew H uang
Senior Staff Writer

See WATER, page 3

Tuition Set to Rise, Following 
UC Board of  Regents Vote

TUITION ON THE UP AND UP: At its meeting last week, the University of California Board of Regents voted to approve a tuition 
plan that could raise fees by up to 5 percent for each of the next five years — assuming the state declines to increase funding to 
the UC System. Above, students protest the hikes last week. We break down the increaes in FEATURES, page 6. 

PHOTO BY CORY WONG /GUARDIAN

STU DENT  LI FE

Students and Alumnus Develop New Earplugs 
Hush earplugs allow certain sounds to be filtered out and can connect to smartphones.

BY   Jacky To
Senior staff writer

Two current UCSD students, along 
with a UCSD alumnus, launched a 
Kickstarter campaign on Nov. 12 to 
raise $100,000 to begin manufacturing 
Hush earplugs. The Hush earplug is a 
“smart” earplug design, which allows 
its users to choose which sounds they 
want to block out and which sounds 
to allow in.

The founders of Hush designed 
the earplugs primarily for people who 
want to block out noise while they 
sleep while still being able to hear their 
alarm clock in the morning. 

“The vision for Hush is to provide 
people a way to sleep in the context of 
the increasingly noisy world around 
them”, mechanical engineer and UCSD 
Jacobs School of Engineering alumnus 

Daniel “Ewok” Lee said.
Users can connect the earplugs 

wirelessly to their smartphones and 
use Hush’s app to filter which alarms 
and alerts they want to allow to wake 
them up. Users can also choose which 
noise-maskers they want to hear.

At first, when they built the pro-
totype for the Hush earplugs, they 
ran into a design issue that made it 
uncomfortable for people to wear the 
earplugs while sleeping on their side. 
After many tests and iterations, they 
eventually developed a design for the 
earplug to avoid this problem.

“Testing and having real people 
sleep with it for entire nights was 
insightful to learn how to continuously 
improve our design,” Lee said. 

Lee founded Hush with Daniel 
“Chesong” Lee, Hush’s software engi-
neer, who is attending UCSD part-
time, and Daniel Synn, Hush’s designer 

and a structural engineer —  who 
is taking a year off from school to 
dedicate his time to the company. The 
three cited the noisiness of their col-
lege environment as one of the reasons 
that prompted them to develop the 
idea for Hush.

“I couldn’t use earplugs because I 
always had this anxiety that I wouldn’t 
wake up to my alarm clock,” Lee said. 
“That’s when I thought, ‘Why not just 
put a speaker on the inside of the ear-
plug so that I could still hear the things 
I needed?’ Plus, when it sounded, I 
wouldn’t have to disturb anyone else.”

In addition to the negative aspects 
of their college experience, the three 
founders explained that their positive 
experiences at UCSD were also con-
tributing factors to their determination 
to build their own company. 

“Hush actually started as a 

See EARPLUGS, page 3

See TUITION, page 3



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

TACO SHOP

www.eataburrito.com

858-456-0462

FREE
TACOS
ROLLED

Buy any 4 Burritos
(Cali, La Jolla, Vegi, 
or Scripps) burritos. 
Get 15 Rolled Tacos 

with cheese!

No Cash Value • Must have 
coupon • Cannot combine 
coupons at the register • 

Expires 6/15/2015

FOLLOW US
@ucsdguardian

DO YOU TWEET? WE DO!

@UCSDGuardian

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. 12 pages of journalism only 
a UCSD student will understand. The reason why will 
SHOCK YOU.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Kyle Somers

Nilu Karimi

Taylor Sanderson

Siddharth Atre

Alwin Szeto

Joselynn Ordaz

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Lifestyle Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Shermin Alein, Lauren Koa, Zev Hurwitz

Copy Readers
Andrew Chao, Caroline Lee, Jennifer Grundman, Micaela 

Stone, Kriti Sarin

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Teiko Yakobson, Jonah Yonker

UCSD researchers performed a 
study to determine the effect that 
the removal of grid cells within the 
brain would have on the precise 
firing patterns of specialized nerve 
cells, known as place cells. 

These are located in the 
hippocampus — a brain structure 
critical to memory. The study was 
led by professor of psychiatry and 
neurosciences Dr. Robert Clark 
and was published in the medical 
journal “Cell Reports” on Nov. 6. 

Grid cells are a group of 
spatially selective cells found 
primarily in the medial entorhinal 
cortex of the brain that create 
a cognitive representation of a 
topographical map of the subject’s 
environment. 

Clark and his team obtained 

their findings by performing 
their experiments on rats using a 
microsurgical procedure developed 
specifically for this experiment. 

It lesions the MECs of the 
rats’ brains and destroyed all grid 
cells and other targeted spatially 
selective cells.

The following behavior of 
the rats, including their inability 
to remember the location of a 
resting platform in a water maze, 
demonstrated that the removal of 
grid cells did in fact disrupt place 
cell precision and stability. 

However, the rats were still 
able to perform many other 
memory and navigational tasks that 
scientists had previously assumed 
would be impossible if grid cells 
were destroyed.

“We were able to see that the 
lesioning of grid cells did disrupt 
navigational tasks,” Dr. Jena Hales, 
co-author of the study, told the 
UCSD Guardian. “But we did not 

see disruption of other place tasks, 
like noting that an object had been 
moved to a different location.”

The firing of place cells was 
also recorded when rats entered a 
familiar place, which demonstrated 
that the ability to recognize 
locations was not impaired.

Overall, the observed behavior, 
along with the electrical recordings 
of signals transmitted from the 
hippocampus of the rats, suggested 
that place cells had continued to 
develop and were still active despite 
the removal of spatially modulated 
grid cell input to these neurons.

According to Dr. Clark, 
this study was conducted as 
basic research meant to further 
the scientific community’s 
understanding of a process, but the 
implications could be important 
for future research that is more 
relevant to the human condition.

“It has been proposed that these 
same physiological algorithms 

might be used by humans to 
mentally navigate and then turn 
thoughts into long-term memory,” 
Clark told the UCSD Guardian. 
“By understanding how normal 
memory works, we have a better 
chance of understanding and 
treating memory problems like 
those associated with Alzheimer’s 
disease.”

Place cells have been recorded 
in the hippocampus since 1971, but 
grid cells have only recently been 
recorded. 

In 2014, the scientists John 
O’Keefe, May-Britt Moser and 
Edvard Moser were awarded the 
Nobel Prize in Physiology or 
Medicine for their discovery of the 
cells. 

UCSD Research Leads to Better Understanding of  Memory

readers can contact
Brynna Bolt   bbolt@ucsd.edu 

SCIENCE  AND  TECHNOLOGY

BY Bryn na Bolt
staff writer

ucsdguardian.org

CAN’T GET ENOUGH?  

FIND MORE ONLINE AT: 
In the Nov. 20 issue, a cover 
story on student protests was 
incorrectly attributed to Tina 
Butoiu The credit should have 
gone to Meryl Press, with 
additional reporting by Tina 
Butoiu.

The UCSD Guardian cor-
rects all errors brought to 
the attention of its editors. 

Corrections can be sent to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org.

Corrections: 

Fax: 858-534-7035



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

Friday, Nov. 14
12:40 a.m.: Suspicious Person
A possible psych subject was walk-
ing westbound down Gilman 
Drive and screamed obscenities 
at Community Service Officers. 
Information only. 
8:13 a.m.: Information
A UC vehicle was driving recklessly 
on Hopkins Drive, ignoring con-
struction signs and hitting a flag-
man with its side mirror. Referred to 
Parking & Transportation Services.
9:43 p.m.: Excessive Alcohol
A female was found passed out on 
the steps leading to the Croutons 
restaurant. Transported to hospital.

Saturday, Nov. 15
12:39 a.m.: Battery
The victim reported being punched 
in the face by an intoxicated room-
mate in the Village East. Report 
taken.
8:55 p.m.: Medical Aid
An adult female in the Village 
East had an allergic reaction to 
an unknown food. Transported to 
hospital.

Sunday, Nov. 16
2:39 p.m.: Information
Geisel Library security asked the 
subject to leave for taking pictures 
inside the building. Information 
only.
6:20 p.m.: Attempted Burglary
Two unknown suspects unsuccess-
fully attempted to enter a locked 
room in the Economics Building. 
Report taken.

Monday, Nov. 17
6:15 p.m.: Information
Two subjects were soliciting books 
and donations at the La Jolla Del Sol 

apartments. Information only.
Tuesday, Nov. 18
3 p.m.: Disturbance
The reporting party stated that 
Thornton medical staff were mis-
treating her and attempting to kick 
her out of the hospital. Checks OK.
7:05 p.m.: Injury
A young adult male fell off his 
skateboard near Galbraith Hall and 
suffered a head injury. Transported 
to hospital. 
8:20 p.m.: Suspicious Person
An adult male was stumbling around 
the Revelle Keeling Apartments 
draped in a white blanket, possibly 
under the influence of drugs. Closed 
by adult citation.

Wednesday, Nov. 19
5:48 p.m.: Information
An oil spill was reported near the 
Gilman Parking Office. Referred to 
Environment, Health & Safety.
11:02 p.m.: Medical Aid
A young adult female in the Sixth 
College Apartments had trouble 
breathing. Medics responded.

Thursday, Nov. 20
12:52 p.m.: Collision
A vehicle in Lot 701 stopped in the 
roadway and backed into another 
car. Report taken.
6 p.m.: Collision
A UC cart crashed into a cement 
barrier while attempting to avoid a 
pedestrian. Report taken.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

six graduate-professional degree pro-
grams, including journalism, leadership 
education and teacher education at UC 
Berkeley; public policy at UC Riverside; 
and technology management at UC 
Santa Barbara. Additionally, a 20-per-
cent tuition increase for 2015–2016 
was approved for the nursing graduate-
professional degree programs.

Other budgetary approvals includ-
ed the allocation of funds for the pre-
liminary plans to build more graduate 
and professional housing at UCSD’s 
East Campus. UC San Diego Housing 
Auxiliary Reserves will fund the nec-
essary $4,871,000. Capital improve-
ments will also include improvements 
to UC Health System’s Outpatient 
Pavilion, estimated to cost $140 mil-
lion which will be taken from external 
finances, gift funds, hospital reserves 
and operating leases.

In addition, the budget approved 

the UCSD Health System’s acquisition 
of a regional imaging company and its 
expansion of its existing joint venture 
to include liver transplants. The specif-
ics of the acquisition have not yet been 
released to the public.

In response to the systemwide 
tuition hikes approved at the meeting, 
UCSD students held two protests last 
week. The first was a sit-in protest on 
Tuesday, Nov. 18, the day before the 
Regents’ Committee on Long Range 
Planning approved the tuition increase, 
and the following protest was a call-in 
and email-in protest on Friday, Nov. 21 
after the full board of regents approved 
the hike on Nov. 20.

UC Student Association University 
Affairs Chair and A.S. Vice President 
of External Affairs Allyson Osorio said 
students could possibly stop the hike.

“Any student knows the UC sys-
tem needs more funding and we can 
possibly stop this hike,” Osorio said. 
“Students will have to step in and advo-

cate for the future. We’re [going to] 
have to fight for the UC system, and we 
need to get everyone on board because 
this is a California issue.” 

A.S. Vice President of Finance Igor 
Geyn stated the tuition increase will 
not affect the A.S. budget.

“Tuition and student fees have been 
kept separate historically for multiple 
reasons, and I think this will con-
tinue into the future as well. Because 
the A.S. activity fee primarily funds 
non-academic aspects of the student 
experience, the A.S. budget will con-
tinue to reflect the needs and priori-
ties of the students,” Geyn said. “One 
thing I could see happening initially is 
students taking a closer look at where 
their money is going, including tuition, 
college fees, A.S. fees, etc., which I 
think will be great for accountability 
across the board.” 

Some Graduate Programs Will Also Experience Fee Increases

Tina  Butoiu   cbutoiu@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

school project for an engineering 
entrepreneurship course, MAE 154, 
led by Dr. Delson,” Lee said. “Without 
this course, I wouldn’t have realized 
how awesome being an entrepreneur 
is.”

Moreover, the founders met and 

befriended each other at UCSD, which 
allowed them to develop the idea for 
Hush together.

“If I hadn’t come to UCSD, I 
wouldn’t have met my co-founders like 
I did and have been a part of this awe-
some company,” Synn said.

The three expressed that they are 
excited for the future of Hush and wish 

to continue growing the company for 
many years to come.

“We can’t wait until we see Hush in 
actual retail channels,” Lee said. “We 
hope to build out Hush into the long 
term.”

Hush Earplugs Originated from a UCSD Undergraduate Course

Jacky  To   j6to@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

and many other environmental groups 
endorsed Pure Water San Diego as a 
much-needed effort to reduce water 
waste and the city’s dependence on 
outside regions for clean water. They 
made efforts to dispel the negative, 

“toilet-to-tap” image commonly asso-
ciated with such technology.

“For our community to continue 
to prosper, it will take truly integrated 
water management and infrastructure 
approaches,” San Diego Coastkeeper 
waterkeeper Matt O’Malley said in 
a Nov. 13 press release. “The Pure 

Water program is exactly this type of 
approach, dealing with ocean -water 
quality improvement while also pro-
viding a locally controlled drinking 
-water supply.”

Andrew  Huang   aehuang@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

New Program Will Improve Quality and Safety of  Ocean Water

▶ TUITION, from page 1

▶ EARPLUGS, from page 1

▶ WATER, from page 1



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORCHARU  M EHRAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Globalization has changed the way the international economy works. These days, how money is spent in the first world influences politics in countries abroad more than is known. 
In many cases, if the goods are imported and cheap, it’s bad news for 
the exporting country. 

The garment industry is notorious for the exploitation and mis-
treatment of workers. Corporate chains deliberately outsource their 
factories to countries with lax labor laws. A good example is Bangla-
desh, where brands such as Wal-Mart, JC Penny, H&M and Gap have 
factories set up, according to progressive news site CommonDreams. 
The working conditions in the factories are brutal, and Bangladesh’s 
factories are infamous for lethal fires. According to Clean Clothes 
Campaign, more than 500 Bangladeshi workers have died in garment 
factory fires since 2006. 

Something students don’t realize is that college-logo apparel 
is mostly made in sweatshops like Bangladesh’s. It may be hard to 
believe that a group of students can completely alter the practices 
of these established industries, but the best way for young adults to 
positively and significantly influence countries abroad is through 
paying attention to what they buy. This is the idea of voting with your 

money, and it should be taken more seriously. 
Like Bangladesh, there’s college apparel being made in the sweat-

shops in the Dominican Republic, according to the United Students 
Against Sweatshops. However, in early 2013, students collectively 
joined with workers in Dominican Republic to pressure brands in the 
region to create better working conditions. The result is a living wage 
factory known as Alta Gracia. A living wage means factory workers 
have decent hours, safe working conditions and better pay. Because 
of the improved wages, many workers can now afford to take out 
loans for new businesses or start a college savings account for their 
kids, thus contributing to their local economy. Best of all, this Alta 
Gracia gear is already available at the UCSD bookstore for relatively 
cheap prices. 

Then there is the food industry. Take the Chiquita company, 
which is one of four companies selling bananas globally. While 
supplying Americans their bananas, they’ve also supplied $1.7 mil-
lion in payments to the United Auto-Defense Forces of Colombia 
between the years of 1997 and 2004, according to their own records. 
The AUC is the umbrella rebel group responsible for countless hu-
man rights violations committed during Colombia’s 50-year armed 

It is unacceptable that law-abiding San Di-
egans of sound mind and good moral character 
are chained to the sheriff ’s discretion in obtain-
ing a concealed carry permit. Self-defense, as 
decided by a 9th Circuit panel, should be the 
only reason relevant.

UCSD students have no need to worry about 
guns on campus. California law prohibits weapons at 
universities unless a person with a concealed carry 
permit gets written permission from the university’s 
president, an improbable scenario. 

Citing FBI crime statistics, economist John 
Lott argues that concealed carry laws decrease 
the murder, rape, and aggravated assault rates. 
Lott also updated his data after finding that 
despite having the worst recession in over half 
a century, 2010 had the lowest crime rate in 
decades. Furthermore, an increase in crime in 
San Diego is about as likely as the UC regents 
cutting tuition. Murder rates are at their lowest 
in 40 years — a trend that began with a steep 
decline in crime since the early ‘90s. Interestingly 
enough, Lott observed that this coincided with 
expansion of gun rights at the state level. 

And yet, despite reality, people seek to un-
dermine not just San Diegans, but all Americans’ 
Second Amendment rights. Perhaps they should 
heed the words of John Adams as he ensured a fair 
trial for British soldiers derided for defending them-
selves in a conflict they would have most certainly 
been killed in had they not been armed. “Facts are 
stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes … 
they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.”

—  JORDAN UTLEY-THOMSON
Staff Writer

Legally Allowing Concealed Guns 
Raises Questions for Public Safety 

An Open Carry Policy Would Hold 
Individuals More Responsible for Firearms

San Diegans Should Not Fear New 
Policy and Have a Right to Self-Defense

Previously in San Diego, carrying concealed 
guns required a good cause for authorization, such 
as a specific, identifiable threat to a person. This is 
no longer the case since the law was weakened by a 
split 9th U.S.Circuit Court of Appeals decision. Now 
the rather ambiguous need for self-defense can serve 
as justification to apply for a concealed gun permit. 
There still needs to be carefully placed restrictions 
on the handling and distribution of firearms, despite 
allowing more people to apply for gun permits.

Since the ruling of the panel, it is unclear how 
many requests for gun permits will be granted. 
Around 10 percent of requests for gun permits 
are denied, according to the San Diego Sheriff ’s 
Department. An open carry law would be the best 
policy. UCLA professor Adam Winkler, a gun-law 
expert, said, “If you don’t want many guns on the 
street, the answer is open carry.”

 If a gun handler is not comfortable visibly 
displaying their firearm to the city, San Diego 
shouldn’t be comfortable equipping that person 
with a pistol. 

People deserve transparency and honest com-
munication with regard to potential risks. The San 
Diego Association of Governments found that 72 
percent of gang-related crime in San Diego correlat-
ed with gun use. An open carry policy is an impor-
tant way to combat this. Being visibly equipped with 
a gun attracts a bit more attention than most people 
care for. This would ensure that people who carry 
guns in public are willing to take complete respon-
sibility. The Second Amendment may guarantee the 
right to bear arms, but it doesn’t justify the conceal-
ment of all weapons from public awareness.

— CASSIA POLLOCK
Contributing Writer  

Carrying guns, even concealed ones, only 
increases the risk of someone pulling one out 
and transforming a benign incident into a tragic 
homicide. Today, fewer Americans think that 
guns provide the best form of self-defense. The 
Law Center to Reduce Gun Violence cited an 
April 2010 poll, which found that 57 percent of 
registered voters across the United States feel 
less safe after learning that concealed guns may 
lawfully be carried in public.

Attorney Chuck Michel, who represented the 
plaintiffs challenging San Diego›s gun restrictions, 
said, “No longer will criminals have the security 
of knowing that their victims are defenseless in 
public.” However, the Inter-university Consortium 
for Political and Social Research conducted a 
survey of incarcerated felons and found that 75 
percent of those interrogated reported carrying 
a gun while committing a crime because “there’s 
always a chance my victim would be armed.”

Chances are that minor confrontations will also 
escalate more quickly if the opposite sides have 
guns instead of fists at their disposal. In November 
2009, a study by the American Journal of Public 
Health found that someone carrying a gun for self-
defense was 4.5 times more likely to be shot during 
an assault compared to a victim without a gun.

Allowing concealed guns in public spaces 
also raises the obvious question of public safety: 
Is it now enforced by the citizen or by trained 
professionals, such as the police? Letting people 
carry concealed guns raises more questions than it 
answers and is in no way a guarantee for a reduced 
threat to public safety.

— MARCUS THUILLIER
Contributing Writer

QUICK TAKES A RECENT RULING BY THE 9TH U.S. CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS HAS OPENED THE DOORS TO A POSSIBLE CONCEALED CARRY POLICY FOR FIREARMS IN SAN DIEGO COUNTY. 

See DOLLAR, page 5

How to 
Survive This 
Thanksgiving
Weekend

Thanksgiving is coming up, and we know there’s nothing worse than a holiday that 
forces you to eat sweet potato 
casserole and endure suffocation in 
the form of hugs and sloppy kisses 
from grandma. Make your life easier 
and follow these steps to make sure 
you can survive this upcoming 
holiday in one piece.

The most obvious solution 
is to skip the holiday altogether. 
Tell your parents that you have a 
day-long midterm on Thursday 
that you cannot miss and convince 
them that the academic calendar is 
always wrong.

If this excuse doesn’t fly past 
mom’s radar, miss your flight on 
purpose to spend the least amount 
of time at home as possible. If 
you’re flying home, book your 
SuperShuttle to the airport way too 
late or conveniently “forget” to do 
so at all. Make sure to completely 
over-pack for the weekend and hold 
up airport security checkpoints 
by forgetting you have liquids in 
your bags and electronics in your 
pockets. You’ll receive bonus points 
if you can’t get home on time for 
Thanksgiving dinner at all and are 
forced to give thanks at a Hudson 
News newsstand.

If you’re a freshman or a recent 
transfer, you probably already know 
that trying to do long distance 
with that special someone from 
high school just isn’t working out. 
Skip the Thanksgiving “talk” with 
your soon-to-be-ex completely by 
ignoring all their calls, texts, IMs 
and desperate Snapchats to get your 
attention. Save time and energy 
on the break-up and find someone 
on Tindr or Yik Yak and cheat on 
your significant other before you 
both get home. Make sure to post 
the details about the affair on your 
social media. If you’re short on time, 
pull a Catfish and make someone 
up. Photoshop yourself into pictures 
with Kim Kardashian or Ryan 
Gosling and make sure to post these 
images on Facebook, Instagram and 
Twitter to avoid meeting up with 
your S.O. at all. 

Properly dress for every family 
occasion by leaving your pants at 
home. If your family is celebrating 
with a fancy dinner, show up 
disheveled in your favorite fuzzy 
bathrobe. Make sure that you and 
your outfit are noticed by loudly and 
sporadically mentioning how many 
loans you took out to go to school 
and how many more you’ll need 
to take out when tuition increases. 
Keep a cashbox at hand throughout 
the entire weekend and remind your 
family and friends that they should 
be less Scrooge-y this holiday season. 

Nosy aunts and uncles will likely 
want to bore you with questions 
about who you’re dating and how 
work or school is going, so create 
and print out handout copies of 
a personal FAQ to avoid wasting 
your breath. Successfully deflect 
all conversations or even speaking 
to family members by refusing to 
answer questions already addressed 
on your sheet.

With any luck, you’ll break free 
of your family’s love and respect and 
be smooth sailing the entire way 
back to UCSD next weekend.

How-to
Guru
opinion@ucsdguardian.org

Voting With 
Our Dollars

This holiday season, college students 
should be mindful of  where they choose 

to spend their money.

ILLUSTRATION BY ALICE HSIEH

BY ayat amin  staff writer



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

ASCE.UCSD.EDU
For more information, contact ASCE at

avpconcerts@ucsd.edu or (858) 534-0477

WORLDFRONT WINDOW By David Juarez

Making Informed Purchases Can Have a Positive Impact on Global Markets

conflict. The fight between the AUC 
and the Colombian government is 
not only destabilizing overall, but it is 
also specifically hurtful to the banana 
workers in the fields. According to 
the National Union School, between 
1991 and 2006, the conflict resulted 
in 668 unionist deaths from one main 
banana union alone. Those unions 
benefit workers by giving them more 
rights that keep them from being 
exploited. As farfetched as it may 
sound, buying a Chiquita banana in 
America indirectly funds the fight 
against the Colombian government 
and exploits the very workers that 
picked those bananas. 

In the case of the bananas, buying 
locally provides a way for students to 

not invest their money in the Colom-
bian conflict while still getting their 
fruit. For one, students are keeping 
capital away from Chiquita and the 
AUC. Secondly, buying local means 
money stays in the community. The 
New Economics Foundation, an in-
dependent British economic think 
tank, found that twice as much 
money stays in the community 
when residents buy locally. 

The broad impact of a single pur-
chase is a direct result of globalization. 
Although sometimes harmful, there is 
a positive side to this. It’s a hierarchi-
cal system with consumers at the top, 
followed by corporations with workers 
underneath. The money starts with 
the consumers and flows down to the 
workers, meaning that ultimately, the 
consumers have the power. 

The fact of the matter is that 
consumer dollars already vote. 
Whenever something is purchased, 
the money goes towards influencing 
some system somewhere. Stu-
dents should start thinking about 
the economies they are funding 
through the items they buy. Ten 
dollars spent on clothes can either 
go towards funding a sweatshop 
or funding a living wage factory. 
Either way, the consumer gets their 
goods, but where their money went 
makes a huge difference. Every time 
someone buys something, they are 
supporting and voting for a system, 
and it’s about time students become 
informed voters. 

▶ DOLLAR, from page 4

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear Editor:
The passage of the “Long-Term 

Stability Plan for Tuition and Financial 
Aid” by the UC Board of Regents 
marks another milestone in the almost 
four-decade long transformation of 
the UC system. Concocted behind 
closed doors without any transparency 
or consultation with the most affected 
groups, this latest move by the regents 
is symptomatic of what one scholar 
has called neoliberalism’s penchant 
for allowing corporate-state leaders 
to decide both the questions and the 
answers surrounding key areas of 
public concern.

As a political gambler, UC 
President Napolitano showed herself 
to be skillful. First, she called the bluff 
of Gov. Jerry Brown and won. Then, 
the courageous students who had 
opposed Napolitano’s plan in effect 
were enlisted by the UC system to 
lobby the governor for more funding. 
In the blink of an eye, the students 
had become allies of Napolitano 
against whom they had protested 
only hours before. Suddenly, students 
were expected to sell the University of 
California to Sacramento — the task 
that UC bureaucrats have failed to do 
since the financial crisis began.

Moving forward, students must 
be alert to the trap of privatizing 
neoliberal logic. Despite the vote 
last Thursday, Brown is not the 
opposite of Napolitano, but rather 
her ideological partner. Neither is 
committed to restoring the land 
grant and public character of the UC 
system. Neither is aware of conditions 
on the ground at each campus and 
how they affect students who are 
being forced to pay more for less.

At the same time, dysfunction 
throughout the entire system 
has produced distrust between 

campuses and the President’s 
office, between faculty senates 
and an increasingly bloated corps 
of administrators and between 
students and the entire system. 
The so-called “Stability Plan” 
means stability for privileged 
power brokers at each campus and 
more instability for working-class 
students and their families. 

UCOP’s paternalistic claim that 
“now families can better budget their 
money” is offensive. Here we are not 
far from the colonial master who tells 
his subjects: “This is going to hurt but 
it will be good for you.” The fact that 
Chancellor Khosla echoed the claim 
in his letter to the campus is at best 
disappointing.

At UCSD, no one who is paying 
attention believes the public relations 
slogan “student-centered campus.” 
Students face larger classes, ad 
hoc and uncoordinated academic 
support services, a fragmented and 
ineffectual “diversity” infrastructure, 
an overworked and demoralized staff 
and a campus climate that continues 
to be hostile for students from 
historically excluded communities.

As we return in January from 
the holiday breaks, students will 
have to connect with those who are 
seeking to change the entire context 
for higher education. Rather than 
simply reacting to the tuition hikes, 
they will have to organize to amend 
or repeal Proposition 13. They will 
have to oppose the calls for a speed-
up to graduation forcing students to 
graduate in four years — three years 
in Gov. Brown’s recent proposal. 

Students and their allies will 
have to imagine ways in which 
higher education in California is 
more than vocational tracking and 
a cash cow for those seeking to 
maintain a broken system.

                                 — Jorge Mariscal
Professor, Literature Dept.

Students Should Rally 
to Change Higher Ed

readers can contact
ayat amin    a6amin@ucsd.edu 



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSOUMYA KURNOOLfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

In light of the UC Board of Regents’ decision to raise tuition for five years, the UCSD Guardian breaks 
down what the tuition increases actually mean for the average student.

Behind the UC Tuition Hikes
Written by Teiko Yakobson // Photos by Cory Wong

Just when it felt like the dark age of perpetual tuition hikes and uncer-tainty was finally stalled for good, the University of California Office of the President swooped in and dropped a proposal to increase tuition up to 
5 percent for the next five years. This means that tuition could cost as much as 
$612 more next year and $3,372 more by 2019. The UC Board of Regents, in 
a 14–7 vote, approved the proposal this past Thursday, ending the three-year 
tuition freeze that had only just begun to buffer the burden of ever-increasing 
debt for college students. 

With various government and UC leaders pointing fingers at each other to 
take cuts to foster the essential budget increases, one can only imagine where 
the students — whom many voices are calling “hostages” in the situation — are 
being left under all of the crossfire.

For many, the future does not look bright. Optimism was gone from the 
speeches of several student leaders who urged against the proposal at the start 
of the UC Regents board meeting on Tuesday afternoon. Caitlin Quinn, External 
Affairs Vice President of UC Berkeley’s A.S. Council, chastised the board for giv-
ing students only two weeks to digest the possibility of tuition increase and to 
raise awareness until the board’s final vote. She added that A.S. representatives 
were “left out of the conversation” and, thus, unable to provide essential com-
munication between their peers and UCOP.

“You all are probably going to say that students would never like a tuition increase,” 
Quinn said. “And while that’s probably true, we like being blindsided even less.”

Graduate students will also face several challenges due to the tuition increase: 
UC Berkeley’s Graduate Assembly External Vice President Iman Sylvain pointed 
out that graduate students do not receive the same financial aid as undergradu-
ates and will have to continue taking out more student loans. Higher tuition 
will also increase the cost of teaching assistants — more so for those who lack 
California residency and pay non-residential supplemental tuition — so compe-
tition for TA positions will escalate while international graduate students could 
potentially be rendered too expensive to hire.

“This limits our diversity and our ability to hire and recruit the best and 
brightest scholars the world has to offer,” Sylvain said.

As for undergraduates, Louise Cabansay, Student Union Assembly External Vice 
Chair of UC Santa Cruz, expressed concerns over the growing number of students 
forced to drop out of school when finding they are unable to cover the full cost of 
quarterly fees. Those who do manage to find enough funds to make it to graduation 
are exiting the University of California with larger and larger amounts of debt.

While UC President Janet Napolitano’s tuition increase plan has brought anx-
iety to students, staff and government officials alike, there are some other issues 
that the plan does meet and address in the interest of students. For example, if 
tuition is not increased, the UC system would be tempted to allocate a higher 
number of prospective admission spots to out-of-state students, who pay higher 
tuition, instead of California residents to cover the budget gap. Napolitano 
assured in her opening remarks on Wednesday’s UC Regents meeting that this 
not the goal of the UC system, and by increasing tuition, she aspires to extend 
enrollment of native Californian students by at least 5,000 spots.

“This fall, applications to UC appear to be running at a record pace — again,” 
Napolitano said. “UC has long stood as a beacon of hope for young Californians. 
This plan ensures UC will stay that way.”

Other targets of the plan include expanding the variety and amount of 
coursework offered, hiring more faculty for smaller class sizes and reducing 
the amount of time needed to reach graduation. In terms of financial aid, 
Napolitano told the board that the proposal will allow the UC system to “con-
tinue our robust return-to-aid policy” by ensuring that one-third of tuition dol-
lars be given back to students as aid money.

“This plan will allow UC to continue its national leadership on financial aid,” 
Napolitano said. “At a university where 42 percent of our more than 180,000 
undergraduates come from low-income families, further strengthening our vig-
orous financial aid program is paramount.”

Despite its promises, the tuition increase is still being met with opposition 
from not only students but also government officials, as Gov. Jerry Brown was 
one of several regents to vote against the plan. Brown has advocated other strate-
gies to bring down costs while improving the education experience for students, 
such as getting students to graduate in three years by offering a wide base of 
online classes and allowing students to receive academic credit for work and 
military experience.

“Let’s look at alternative pathways, alternative designs,” Brown said in a state-
ment to the Los Angeles Times. “This is not Wall Street. This is University of 
California, and we ought to be different.”

The state had originally promised to increase funding for the UC system by 
4 percent if tuition remained frozen at its current number, but after last week’s 
UC Regents vote, this is no longer the case. In January, the 2015–16 state budget 
should be proposed and only time will tell what sort of future will be carved out 
for students.

readers can contact
teiko  yakobson   syakobso@ucsd.edu 



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

Newly appointed UCSD Police 
Chief David Rose has something 
on his resume that few people in his 
position can claim: a diploma from 
the school he is sworn to protect. Ini-
tially intending to follow his parents 
into the medical field, Rose is a Tri-
ton who graduated magna cum laude 
with a Bachelor of Arts in political 

science in 1994 instead. However, his 
path to a career in law enforcement 
began long before graduation. 

“I started as a [Community Service 
Officer] here when I was a student,” 
Rose said. “I really enjoyed serving 
the community. Public service was my 
ideal. I started as a student dispatcher 
and then thought, ‘Well, I might as 
well be a police officer.’”  

After graduating from the police 
academy, Rose ended up right back 

where he started, now as a full-time 
officer with the UCSD Police De-
partment. After more than 30 years 
of slowly rising through the ranks, 
from CSO to full-fledged police of-
ficer with certificates for completing 
several programs at the FBI National 
Academy, Rose was promoted to his 
current position as the man in charge 
on campus, overseeing a department 
with over 60 full-time staff members.

With such a long tenure on cam-

pus, Rose has been a part of a wide 
variety of different events, ranging 
from the Sun God Festival to hosting 
the Dalai Lama. He specifically re-
calls Bill Clinton’s 1997 visit to cam-
pus as the commencement speaker. 

“When Clinton spoke as sitting 
president, there was an incidence 
of not-so-nice fliers posted around 
campus and we were actually able 
to get that cleaned up,” Rose said. “It 
was a great feat of teamwork behind-

the-scenes, from residential security 
officers who responded to the street 
sweepers who came out early, that 
really showcased what makes our 
department unique.”

When asked what else has 
changed in the last few decades, 
Rose brings up a viewpoint one 
wouldn’t normally expect from a 
professional peacekeeper. 

 

 Apply now for 2015 and learn more about each program at usfca.edu/asgrad. 

 

 

GRADUATE PROGRAMS AT

UNIVERSITY OF 
SAN FRANCISCO

CHANGE THE WORLD FROM HERE

 

MASTER’S PROGRAMS AT USF
> Analytics 

> Asia Pacific Studies

> Biology 

> Biotechnology 

> Collegiate Athletics 

> Computer Science 

> Development Economics 

> Economics 

> Environmental Management 

> International Studies

> Public Aairs 

> Sport Management 

> Urban Aairs 

> Writing, MFA

WITH SPECIAL GUESTS:  PAPER DAYS

STEP ROCKETS

DECEMBER 4 | THE LOFT
DOORS @ 8:00PM | SHOW @ 8:30PM

$5 for UCSD undergrads &

$10 for general admission

ASCE.UCSD.EDU
For more information, contact ASCE at

avpconcerts@ucsd.edu or (858) 534-0477

An Officer for the Students
The new police chief David Rose discusses his experiences with law enforcement as a student at 

UCSD and his plans for improving campus safety.

See ROSE, page 8

BY  sam  Shapi ro
contributing writer

INFOGRAPHIC BY SHERMIN ALEIN/GUARDIAN

UCSD Police Department Resources

Bike Theft 
Prevention

Sexual
Assault

Community Service 
Officer Program

Ensure your bike isn’t stolen

•	 use a sturdy U-Lock

•	 lock up your wheel and 
bike frame

To help recover of  your bike in case of  
theft, register it with the state of  California 

at the UCSD Bike Shop for $6.

The UCSD Police Department 
guarantees sexual assault victims 
who wish to report their assault: 

•	privacy

•	a female officer (if active)

•	no prejudgement

•	help finding counseling

•	a clear explanation of 
criminal justice proceed-
ings

SUNSET to 1 A.M.
student escorts are available 

After 1 A.M. 
police escorts are available

To report an assault, call

858-534-4357
To arrange for an escort, call

858-534-9255



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

“We used to do eight to 10 con-
certs a year here and I’d like to see 
that come back,” Rose said. “It’s 
more work for our cops, but I think 
it’s more opportunities for students 
to have fun.”

When Rose sat down with the 
UCSD Guardian, he was eager to re-
mind people that the police are here 
to help the students and staff. 

“I still remember what it’s like to 
be a student here,” Rose said. “We 
aren’t the ‘fun police’ trying to stop 
people from having a good time. We 
just want people to be safe.”

His current pet project is reviving 
the Community Service Officer pro-
gram that had first enticed him to pur-
sue a career in law enforcement. For 
now, that means trying to increase the 
number of students in the program, 
which currently boasts around 60 ac-
tive-paid student members.

“The year before I started work-
ing there, it was called ‘Joe’s Escort 
Service’ and it was run by a group 
of frat guys who saw a need in the 
community to provide a service that 
no one was providing,” Rose said. 
“Also probably a good opportunity 
to meet girls. And so the university 
went, ‘I think it’s a good idea, but I 

think we should be the ones provid-
ing it’ and so they asked the police 
department to start the current sys-
tem and it took off from there.”

In terms of other pressing cam-
pus safety issues, Rose identifies bike 
theft as a common but preventable 
problem. Rose’s biggest advice for 
protecting your property is to know 
your bike’s serial number. He says the 
department is able to recover a decent 
amount of stolen bikes but it’s very dif-
ficult to prove the bike is stolen with-
out the serial number for evidence.

“Bike thefts are always on peo-
ple’s minds and we got hit relatively 
hard this fall,” Rose said, when asked 
about which campus safety issues 
are currently taking precedence. “It’s 
important that if you see something, 
say something. I know we’re stealing 
that from New York, but it really is 
true. The students and staff provide 
a lot more eyes and ears than our 
cops possibly can, and if something 
doesn’t look right, it probably isn’t.” 

He also shed light on the police 
department’s efforts toward prevent-
ing sexual assault. 

“You always hear the statistic that 
20 percent of college women will 
experience an incident involving 
sexual assault during their college 
career, and it’s true,” Rose said. “It’s 

actually probably an underreported 
statistic, but I think we’ll see a rise in 
reports as we’re able to get more and 
more information out there. Our 
department has always been very 
proactive regarding this issue and 
we’re working closely with a num-
ber of awareness groups, specifically 
Nancy Wahlig’s [Sexual Assault & 
Violence Prevention Resource Cen-
ter], on campus to help move closer 
to eradicating this problem.”

With so much experience making 
sure the campus runs smoothly and 
safely, Rose seems content with his 
new position and longtime home and 
appears eager to be a big part of the 
police department’s future. 

“You’re on the ocean,” Rose said. 
“You’ve got brilliant people sur-
rounding you. It keeps you young. 
I’m grateful for the opportunity. It’s 
something I’ve aspired to I wouldn’t 
say all of my career, but as I became 
sergeant and then lieutenant, I saw 
it as a possibility. We have great cops 
and great personnel here, so my goal 
is to support them and get them the 
resources they need.”

Aurelio
GLOBAL MUSIC // HONDURAS

Wednesday, Dec. 3 / 8pm
Price Center East Ballroom

STUDENT TICKETS $12
CALL (858) 534-TIXS (8497)
Or visit the Price 
Center Box Ofﬁce 

“One of the most extraordinary 
and passionate Garifuna 
artists of our time”

Rose Offers Improvements to Multiple Campus Security Issues
▶ ROSE, from page 7

readers can contact 

sam shapiro sjshapiro@ucsd.edu

Like us on Facebook

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER facebook.com/
ucsdguardian



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

guard Aubree Callen led the Falcons 
with 22 points. 

On Saturday, Tritons had another 
good start against Western Washing-
ton, as they led 15–9 after 7 minutes of 
play. The Vikings answered with a 10–0 
run to set the tone for a wild game full 
of point streaks. Immediately after, the 
Tritons rebuffed with a 12–0 run to re-
gain a 27–19 advantage. However, the 
Vikings fought back to within 2 points 
and trailed 31–29 at halftime. 

“I think that every team is looking 
for more consistency,” VanDerveer told 
the UCSD Guardian. “We still have 
a lot of new players, and for some of 
them it is the first time they play to-
gether.” 

The two teams traded baskets and 
leads after the break. With 6:02 left in 
the game, UCSD jumped to the biggest 
lead of the game, 63–54, after a layup 
by senior center Dana Webster. With 
1:13 left, the Tritons led with a 72–65 
score. 

The Vikings started to inch closer, 
with their senior guard Jenni White 
hitting a three-pointer and sophomore 
guard Taylor Peacocke making a pair 
of free-throws. After Shokoor turned 
it over on the next possession, White 
hit a stunning clutch jump shot to tie 

the game at 72 with 28 seconds left in 
regulation. 

UCSD scored the first basket in 
overtime but could not maintain its 
lead. Down 77-80 with time running 
out, UCSD tossed up three consecutive 
three-pointers on its final possession 
but failed to convert, resulting in the 
bitter defeat. 

“It is a game that we should have 
won in regulation,” VanDerveer said. 
“We did everything well, had the lead. 
In overtime, we just missed a couple 
of shots and could not get the win. We 
played two very good teams and our 
team competed.”

Seto had 22 points and Shokoor 
contributed with a game-high 14 re-
bounds to go with eight points. Sopho-
more guard Haley Anderson and se-
nior forward McKennan Bertsch shot 
14 and 12 points, respectively.

With the pair of road losses, the Tri-
tons are now 1–2 overall on the season. 
UCSD will next host the 2014 UCSD 
Thanksgiving Classic on Nov. 28 and 
Nov. 29 at RIMAC Arena. The Tritons 
will face Academy of Art University on 
Friday, Nov. 28 at 5 p.m. and Azusa Pa-
cific University on Saturday, Nov. 29 at 
3 p.m.

rest of the game. It was junior guard 
Hunter Walker who sealed the victory 
for the Tritons. Overall, he had a stel-
lar, well-rounded game, finishing with 
12 points, four rebounds six assists and 
two steals in only 24 minutes of play. 
With two seconds remaining in the 
game, Walker drew a foul and sank a 
free throw to give his squad the three-
point lead and ultimately the win. 

”Anytime you can win on the road, 
its important,” Olen said. “Especially 

against good teams, being a younger 
group winning some close games early 
in the year is encouraging and hope-
fully it will pay off later in the year.”

The Tritons have a tough sched-
ule to start off the season with its first 
seven games on the road. They travel to 
Denver, Colorado next week for a set of 
back-to-back games against Colorado 
School of Mines and Fort Lewis start-
ing on Friday, Nov. 28. 

UCSD now awaits the national 
championships, where it will host 
the country’s best Division-I teams 
at the Canyonview Aquatics Center 

pool. However, the Tritons will first 
host Brown University on Saturday, 
Nov. 29 in a play-in game that will 
serve as the final obstacle to the 
NCAAs finals bracket tournament. 
If UCSD advances, the blue and gold 

will play in the finals championship 
held from Saturday, Dec. 6 through 
Sunday, Dec. 7.

SURVEY

asce.ucsd.edu

Take the ASCE Entertainment Survey. Give input on 

what kind of events, music genres, and artists you 

want to see. This survey determines what artists 

ASCE selects for Sun God Festival, Hullabaloo, and 

other concerts throughout the year. 

http://studentvoice.com/ucsd/asceentertainment

Make sure your voice is heard! 

For questions, contact avpconcerts@ucsd.edu.

Water Polo Will Host Brown University in NCAAs Play-In Game
▶ M. WATER POLO, from page 12

readers can contact
brandon  yu    bcyu@ucsd.edu 

The UCSD swim and dive team 
hosted the A3 Performance Interna-
tional for the sixth consecutive year 
at the East Los Angeles College Swim 
Stadium this past Thursday through 
Saturday. Going up against a slew of 
Division-I teams, both squads saw suc-
cess as the men’s team grabbed second 
place with 1246.5 points and the wom-
en took sixth with 543 points.

The highlight of the meet for 
the Tritons came from sophomore 
Michael Cohn, who won his 200-
yard backstroke event, grabbing 
first in the preliminaries with a time 
of 1:47.18 and earning a new best 
UCSD time. Cohn swam over a sec-
ond faster in the final with a time of 
1:46.04, falling just .14 seconds out-
side of being UCSD’s first swimmer 
this season to earn an automatic 
NCAA qualifier.

Other highlights saw the men take 
the 200-medley relay with a season-
best 1:30.09. The time set by the med-
ley team of senior Sean Malley, junior 
AJ Zavala, freshman Kevin Wylder and 
junior anchor Cole Heale made the 
NCAA B-cut. The women’s 200-med-
ley team, consisting of sophomores 
Austine Lee and Jaimie Bryan, senior 
Jaclyn Amog and junior co-captain 
Colleen Daley managed to place sixth 
with a season-best time of 1:44.40. 

“I think we stepped it up. Every-
one is having a lot of fun and getting 
behind each other and cheering. I’m 
really proud,” Daley said.

In the final of the men’s-100 free-
style, 200-medley winner Heale picked 
up fourth place at 45.54. In the wom-
en’s-200 breaststroke, Bryan’s 2.17.37 
time and senior Eva Chen’s personal 
record of 2.17.93 gave UCSD fifth and 
sixth place, respectively.

UCSD saw success on both sides 
in the 1,650-freestyle mile. For the 
women, freshman Stephanie Sin took 
an impressive fifth place (17:03.15) in 
her first time competing in the event. 
On the men’s side, sophomore Sa-
sha Mitrushina took third place with 
15:43.69. Both swimmers earned 
NCAA-consideration.

In the 400-free relay, UCSD once 
again saw success on both sides, with 
both men and women garnering sea-
son-best times. The women’s team of 
Daley, sophomores Catherine Woo 

and Natalie Tang and freshman anchor 
Angie Phetbenjakul took seventh with 
a time of 3:27.16. The men’s relay team, 
consisting of sophomore Julian Jacobs 
and seniors Jack Galvan, Malley and 
Heale, turned in a mark of 3:01.70 to 
take third place, earning UCSD anoth-
er pair of NCAA B-cuts.

“I think we did a good job,” interim 
men’s head coach Daniel Perdew said. 
“They’ve had a lot of energy this week 
and they brought that today. It’s a long 
meet, and there’s a lot of swimming.”

UCSD swimmers have one compe-
tition left in the calendar year as half 
the team travels across San Diego to 
compete, women only, against both the 
San Diego State University Air Force 
and University of the Incarnate Word 
at 2 p.m. at the Aztec Aquaplex on 
Monday, Dec. 29.

SWIM/DIVE

UCSD Hosts A3 Performance Invitational
Tritons compete well against slew of Division I competition at annual A3 meet. 

BY  liam  leahy
contributing writer

readers can contact
liam  leahy     lleahy@ucsd.edu 

Triton Men Will Travel to Play in Denver
▶ M. BASKETBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
  daniel  sung    d2sung@ucsd.edu 

Thanksgiving Classic Next Up for Women
▶ W. BASKETBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
marcus  thuillier    mthuilli@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY MEGAN LAO /GUARDIAN



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
crossword

ACROSS
1 Devious, in a way
4 Bad states
9 You often see a lap in one
14 Bullet in a deck
15 Strange
16 Kind of trader
17 Royal sleep disturbance, in a tale
18 Break from soldiers’ training?
20 Ill-advised
22 Flames’ org.
23 Gives the slip
24 Clown settlement?
27 Old waste allowance
28 Resemble strongly
33 ID necessity, often
36 Plow into
37 Like Chinese dishes, frequently
38 International affair?
42 It may be gross in med sch.
43 OPEC member
44 Development units
45 Picks
47 Monopoly card
49 O. Henry stories?
54 Pizza chain
58 Like Bizet’s only symphony
59 Night light
60 Copperfield’s limo?
63 Short sentence about a long term
64 Center of Cleveland?
65 Some plots
66 “I reckon not”
67 Noodleheads
68 “Siddhartha” author
69 It’s up to you

DOWN
1 “Mr. Smith Goes to Washington” director
2 Shore thing

3 Dough-raising need
4 __ story
5 Fine point
6 August comment
7 Warbling sound
8 IPO overseer
9 Malibu and Tahoe
10 Guadalajara greeting
11 Ideal for Joshua trees
12 “Now that makes sense”
13 Trio in an NBA game
19 Entitle, as an altered file
21 Ancient Indo-European
25 Swift reptile
26 Vividly colored fish
29 Used as an elevator
30 Blob’s lack
31 Rubberneck
32 Eye cells
33 NEA supporters
34 Fine-tune
35 Fall birthstone
36 Itinerary abbr.
39 Have a better crew than
40 Burkina __
41 See 6-Down
46 Group with common interests
47 Some booth occupants
48 Proverbs follower: Abbr.
50 Heiress, perhaps
51 Equestrian tools
52 Maker of Advantix cameras
53 Blizzardlike
54 Urban hazard
55 Proverbial thorn
56 “A Death in the Family” novelist
57 England’s Portsmouth Harbour and 

others
61 “As if!”
62 Mariner’s hdg.

BIKES
Pink and yellow beach cruiser - Custom 
Urban Firmstrong pink and yellow beach 
cruiser. Animal print seat cover and cup 
holder. A bike any girl would love to have. 
Only been ridden a few times. Mint con-
dition. Selling for $150 OBO. Listing ID: 
95637721 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

KHS Comp FXT Aluminum Frame Full 
Suspension Mountain Bike - Full suspen-
sion mountain bike for only $250! It’s worth 
at least $300 now and was over $1400 
new. Rock Shox front shocks, aluminum 
frame, Grip Shifts, terrific condition rims 
and tires. It’s a large sized frame that will fit 
someone around 6ft. Listing ID: 95637730 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Bontranger Big a Race Sweep MTB 
Handlebars - New set of Bontranger MtB Big 
Sweep Race handlebars, 31.8 clamp size, 
620 mm 12’ sweep. Listing ID: 95637723 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

FURNITURE
Clays KENSINGTON dining chairs - Set of 
six modern dining chairs. Finish is an Eros, 
stripe. Fabric is a faux leather. All arm chairs. 
Selling the set for $3800.00. The set is new. 
Retail for $8900.00. Listing ID: 95768639 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Low Rolling Stool - It’s heavy duty Stool 
with heavy duty rollers on it. The uphol-
stery is in good condition. It’s a short stool. 
Without a back so it fits under things and 
out of the way until you need it. 15” Tall 
Custom made and upholstery is like new. 
$25. Listing ID: 95768637 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

10 drawer dresser and 2 drawer dresser 
$75- Beautiful light brown wood dressers 
for sale! Listing ID: 95390201 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

ELECTRONICS
Toshiba HD camcorder $180- I am sell-
ing my Toshiba HD Camcorder in Perfect 
condition. It comes with all the cables and 
carrying case. Listing ID: 95768631 at ucs-
dguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

Ipod Nano 11 in 1 Accessory Kit ... New in 
Box - Selling for $15. Listing ID: 95768623 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Hp color laser jet 2600n printer - I have for 
sale a used printer. Hp color laser jet 2600n. 
It needs ink for the writing. I’m asking 
for $50 or best offer. Listing ID: 95768624 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

LECTURE
NOTES

NOW OPEN!
An A.S. enterprise that pays 

student note-takers to take notes 
for a variety of courses. Current 
Notes (note-taker is in the class) 
are sold on a subscription basis 

and are available for pick up every 
Monday morning.

Archive Notes (from a previous 
quarter) are pre-ordered and the 

entire quarter's notes are available in 
a bound packet.

HOURS OF OPERATION
Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm

Occasional Sat: 10am-2pm

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu

Located o
n Level 1 

at the Stu
dent Cent

er

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising
ucsdguardian.org

g e t  i n f o rm e d . . .

READ
EVERY MONDAY & THURSDAY

visit

more content. . . new, bold look!

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .
new, bold look!

more
content. . .

ucsdguardian.org

bold, new
look!

ucsdguardian.org



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
THU11.27

Tahrir

CAMPUS
CALENDAR
NOV 24 - NOV 30

2014 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

MON11.24 WED11.26TUE11.25
1pm
MEET UPS: CAREER CONVERSATIONS - BLACK 
RESOURCE CENTER
Informal and fun career chats with a career advisor.

2pm
HUNGRY FOR HEALTHY: THANKSGIVING 
THEMED - THE ZONE
Come join us for another lovely cooking demo of 
Thanksgiving Themed Mocktail & Breakfast Kale & Quinoa 
with The Student Health Advocates! Hungry for Healthy is 
free; all supplies and materials provided. Space is limited 
and is first come, first served.

2:30pm
MEET-UPS: CAREER CONVERSATIONS - 
STUDENT VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Informal and fun career chats with a career advisor.

5pm
AA CAMPUS MEETING - THE ZONE
Open AA Meeting held at the Zone every Monday from 
5:00 PM- 6:00 PM. Questions? Contact the Zone at 
zone@ucsd.edu

5pm
FILM SERIES: RELIGION, THE BODY, AND EVIL 
- PEPPER CANYON HALL, RM 121
Undergraduates: Come explore the themes of religion, the 
body and evil through film. Our Fall Film Series kicks off 
with a screening of The Omen (1976). Upcoming 
screenings will feature the Exorcist, Rosemary's Baby, 
Constantine, or Angel Heart. Each film presentation will be 
followed by an informal discussion about the film and its 
relation to these three themes. Sponsored by the 
Department of Literature's Program for the Study of 
Religion, which focuses on the critical study of religion. 
Free admission.

8am
FRESHMAN SEMINAR PROGRAM
Check out the Winter Quarter 2015 academic seminar list! The 
Freshman Seminar Program offers a wide variety of educational 
topics in a small class format for first-year freshmen. *Get to know 
your professor *Meet incoming students *The small class size 
encourages class discussion  *Receive one unit of credit on a P/NP 
basis. Students enroll through WebReg during the freshman 
enrollment period with regular classes. Seminars are open to 
first-year freshmen (and first-year freshmen with sophomore 
standing). Seminars can be a great educational experience and 
compliment your regular classes! Check out the seminar website for 
course descriptions, schedules and pre-enrollment instructions for 
advance standing.

11am
ART AND SOUL: MINI WREATH MAKING - THE ZONE
Make your own mini wreath to decorate your home! Workshops are 
free; all supplies and materials provided. Space is limited and is first 
come, first served.

1pm
MEET-UPS: CAREER CONVERSATIONS - 
CROSS-CULTURAL CENTER
Informal and fun career chats with a career advisor.

4pm
DE-STRESS POWER HOUR: R&R SQUAD AND 
DE-STRESS WITH BIOFEEDBACK - THE ZONE
Come out to the Zone to get a free massage and while you're 
waiting, measure your stress levels through De-Stress with 
Biofeedback!

FRI11.28
7am
JOSHUA TREE NATIONAL PARK 
ADVENTURE - OUTBACK ADVENTURES 
RENTAL SHOP (PEPPER CANYON)
Spend the weekend in this premier climbing and 
adventure destination! We will go on day hikes, learn 
about, flora and fauna in the park, camp under the 
stars and spend a day rock climbing! We will cover 
all the information that you need to enjoy yourself 
during the trip; no climbing experience necessary. 
Climbing gear, guides, transportation, and meals are 
included in the trip price. Pre-trip meeting: 
Wednesday, Nov. 26 at 6pm at the Outback Rental 
Shop. Signup online, in person, or call 
858-534-0684. Early Bird Pricing (Before 10/20): 
UCSD students $160. Others $200. After 10/20: 
UCSD students $180. Others $240. This event 
brought to you by Outback Adventures and UCSD 
Recreation.

12pm
BAJA ON HORSEBACK - OUTBACK 
ADVENTURES RENTAL SHOP (PEPPER 
CANYON)
Put yourself back in the "Old West" where the 
cattle roamed. We will head to a private ranch in 
Guadalupe Valley. After instruction in horseback 
riding, we will ride through shady oak groves, hidden 
water pools, quiet secluded valleys and vast 
mountain ranges throughout the 2800 acre ranch. Of 
course, we will feast on authentic Mexican dishes, 
and if all that isn't enough to convince you, imagine 
seeing your friends in chaps! Pre-trip meeting: Weds, 
Nov 19 at 6pm at the Outback Rental Shop. Signup 
online, in person, or call 858-534-0684. Early Bird 
Pricing (before 10/20): UCSD students $295. Others 
$375. After 10/20: UCSD students $325. Others 
$400. This event brought to you by UCSD Recreation 
and Outback Adventures.

5pm
THANKSGIVING EXCHANGE PROGRAM - 
VARIOUS LOCATIONS
This program is a wonderful opportunity for both 
international students and host family members to 
learn more about each othersâ cultures and meet 
new friends. It is a great way for international 
students to learn firsthand about American culture, 
and spend time with an American family. Many 
students and host families are returning participants 
each year!

11am
FITNESS ZONE: YOGA - THE ZONE
This class will move from one asana (pose) to the 
next. Each class is a unique sequence of asanas. 
Classes take on a life of their own with the 
culmination of collective energy, movement and 
breath. Lead by FitLife instructor Jennie Olson-Six.

2pm
R&R SQUAD - THE ZONE
The R&R Squad is in! Come in and de-stress with a 
massage! Learn more about our well-being 
resources on campus while get a 5-10min 
low-intensity back, neck, and arm massage from 
one of our trained wellness peers!

6pm
TRIVIA NIGHT - THE LOFT
Come and enjoy Trivia Night! Hosted by local 
comedian Dallas McLaughlin, the night is sure to be 
full of interesting questions and funny surprises! 
See you there! FREE.

7pm
OUTREACH TRIVIA NIGHT - HOME PLATE 
CAFE
FOOD, FACTS, FRIENDS, & FUN! Come to Home 
Plate Café to meet new people and test your 
knowledge of various trivia categories! Free entry to 
all UCSD students, teams of 4, and prizes for 
winning team! Make this a weekly event and turn 
up the competition! Happy hour prices on food and 
drinks for trivia participants! ALL STUDENTS 
WELCOME!

SUN11.30
11:59am
WINTER GAMEFEST’S CALL FOR ARTISTS - 
PRICE CENTER
Call for artists to be featured at Winter GameFest 2015! 
Currently accepting any type of art piece or project that 
incorporates video games and/or technology including, but 
not limited to:
fan art | installations | glitch art | comics | collage | new 
media | internet art | conceptual design | speculative 
design | cosplay Email images and a brief description to: 
WinterGameFest@gmail.com

THU11.27
HOLIDAY AIRPORT 
SHUTTLE
CAMPUS AND TO/FROM SAN AIRPORT
The Holiday Airport Shuttle provides students 
transportation between UCSD Rupertus Lane (map) and 
the San Diego International Airport (Terminals 1, 2, and 
Commuter) during Thanksgiving, winter, and spring 
breaks.Holiday Airport Shuttle provides students 
transportation between UCSD Rupertus Lane (map) and 
the San Diego International Airport (Terminals 1, 2, and 
Commuter) during Thanksgiving, winter, and spring 
breaks.

8am
BLACK CANYON KAYAK AND HOT SPRINGS - 
OUTBACK ADVENTURES RENTAL SHOP 
(PEPPER CANYON)
Back by popular demand! Moving up the river, the 
valley turns to canyon with walls towering out of the 
river. Camping on the river next to the Arizona Hot 
Springs we will be able to soak away the winter cold. 
We will enjoy a heated waterfall in Goldstrike Canyon, 
explore a sauna cave, and turn around at the mighty 
Hoover Dam. This is one of our most awesome trips, 
and it fills early, so register soon. Pre-trip meeting: 
Weds, Nov 19 at 6pm at the Outback Rental Shop. 
Signup online, in person, call 858-534-0684. Early Bird 
Pricing (Before 10/20): UCSD students $295. Others 
$335. After 10/20: UCSD students $325. Others $360. 
This is a UCSD Recreation and Outback Adventures 
event.

11am
THANKSGIVING BREAK MEAL OPTIONS - 
CAFE VENTANAS OR RES LIFE OFFICES
Staying on campus for Thanksgiving weekend? Worried 
about food options? No problem! UC San Diego will be 
offering several options for non-resident students to 
stay well-fed and participate in holiday traditions over 
the weekend! Join us for the All-Campus Thanksgiving 
Feast on November 27th (Tickets on sale for $5 at Cafe 
Ventanas now) or indulge in a Thanksgiving Grocery 
Bag ($10 voucher at Res Life Offices).  Enjoy good food 
and give thanks!

to.ucsd.edu

WE’RE BACK
NEXT WEEK,

CHECK US OUT! M-F: 10am-3pm
ON LIBRARY WALK!



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

After being blown out by UC Riv-
erside in its final preseason matchup 
last weekend, the UCSD men’s bas-
ketball team bounced back strong, 
kicking off its regular season with two 
impressive road victories. Tritons first 
pulled off a comeback 72–69 victory 
against Academy of Art University on 
Wednesday and escaped with a nail-
biting 69–66 upset against No. 19 and 
conference opponent Cal Poly Pomo-
na on Saturday.  

In their season opener against 
Academy of Art University, the Tritons 
dug an early 11-point hole in the first 
half. They had a solid half offensively; 
however, their defensive lapses allowed 
Academy to hit 63 percent of its at-
tempts. But with balanced team contri-
butions, the Tritons would cut the lead 
down to only one by halftime. 

Junior forward Drew Dyer led 
the way for the Tritons, recording 25 
points on 7-10 shooting, six of those 
attempts coming from the three-
point line, where he remained red hot 
throughout the game. 

The Tritons’ determination on the 
board was one of the underlying fac-
tors of the victory. The Tritons out-
rebounded the Urban Knights 31–24, 
allowing the Tritons to score 14 sec-
ond- chance points to Academy’s six. 
Twelve of those second-chance points 

came in the second half. Junior for-
ward Zach McMillan had a team-high 
six rebounds in the game, while also 
posting six points and three assists.

UCSD took the final lead change 
at about halfway into the second half 
after a three-pointer by sophomore 
guard Jeff Van Dyke, who finished 
with 11 points off the bench. The team 
would continue to shoot lights out, 
making six out of nine three-pointers 
in the second half. 

For their California Collegiate Ath-
letic Association opener three days 
later, the Tritons upset the perennial 
powerhouse Cal Poly Pomona, a team 
they have not beaten in the last 12 
meetings. Despite the unsuccessful his-
tory against Pomona, head coach Eric 
Olen and his team was determined go-
ing in to the game. 

“For us we have the same mind-
set every time,” Olen told the UCSD 
Guardian. “We want to compete on 
every possession, focused on our job 
and our execution and be aggressive 
regardless of who were playing — to 
be physical and aggressive, try to attack 
and keep pressure on the other team.”

The Tritons displayed a balanced 
offensive performance, with four of 
their starters scoring in double dig-
its. The story of the night was UCSDs 
barrage of three pointers, in which the 
Tritons made 43 percent of their 30 
attempts. Three-point specialist and 
junior guard Aleks Lipovic had a team-

high five treys for a total of 15 points. 
“I think experience from this week 

will help us in [limiting turnovers] be-
cause when we do take care of the ball, 
we’ve been able to execute pretty well 
in both of the games; we shot good per-
centages,” Olen remarked. “We got a lot 
of the shots we wanted and we feel like 
if we can get the shots that we want, we 
feel really good about our team scoring 
points.”

Freshman guard George Buaku got 
the nod to start and did not disappoint; 
he finished with 11 points and four re-
bounds, going a perfect 3–3 from be-
yond the arc. 

“[Cal Poly Pomona] went with a 
smaller lineup so we wanted to make 
sure we were matched up so that we 
could try and guard them,” Olen said. 
“George [Buaku] did a great job of be-
ing ready to go and made an impact 
when he got that opportunity.”

Again, the Tritons would be able 
to convert on their second-chance op-
portunities, scoring 16 second-chance 
buckets to Pomona’s seven. Despite 
cooling off from Wednesday’s game, 
Dyer still managed to score nine points 
and corralled a team co-high seven 
rebounds. Zach McMillan also went 
seven off the glass.

UCSD was in the lead for most 
of the game until halftime, when the 
score was tied at 34, but the Tritons 
would regain and hold the lead for the 

On to Nationals
MEN'S WATER  POLO

No. 6 water polo wins WWPA league title to earn a bid to the 2014 national championships.  
BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR // PHOTOS USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

Claiming its 17th Western Water Polo Association Championship title, the No. 6 UCSD men’s water polo team cruised to the top of the conference 
tournament this past weekend with a 15–9 semifinal victory 
against California Baptist University and a 12–6 finals vic-
tory against Loyola Marymount University. 

With this championship victory, the Tritons earned 
a ticket into the 2014 National Collegiate Men’s Water 
Polo Championship, which will be held at home at 
Canyonview Aquatics Center. The win against LMU also 
marked UCSD head coach Denny Harper’s 600th career 
coaching win. 

“It feels amazing,” senior goalkeeper, co-captain and 
tournament MVP Cameron Ravanbach told the UCSD 
Guardian. “We have eight seniors, and it’s just a good 
way to go out. We still have games coming up, and we’re 
not done, but it’s an amazing feeling.

On Saturday morning, UCSD faced off against the 
CBU Lancers after securing a first-round bye as the 
tournament’s No. 1 seed. The Tritons’ offense took no 
breaks, as four Triton hat tricks kept the Lancers at bay 
for the victory. 

However, early on, both squads appeared neck and 
neck after trading leads in the first frame. A pair of goals 
from senior utility Matt Michalko and a goal each from 
fellow senior utilities Josh Stiling and Lukas Syka put the 

score at 4–3 after the first quarter.
Despite the back-and-forth opening, UCSD asserted 

its status in the second period with superior play on 
both ends of the pool. While Ravanbach and the Triton 
defense shut out the Lancers, UCSD tallied four more 
scores to close out the half with a 8–3 edge. Michalko 
found the back of the net for the first Triton hat trick, 
while Syka, junior utility Chase Cockerill and senior 
utility Luca De Vivo all tallied a goal each.

The second quarter surge was all the Tritons needed, 
as UCSD would outscore the Lancers 7–6 in the second 
half. Stiling, Syka and De Vivo would each complete 
their own hat tricks in the victory. Ravanbach finished 
with 12 saves on the day.

“The thing about Cal Baptist is that they only have 
four solid guys,” Ravanbach said. “They don’t really go 
deep into their bench. We knew we were just going to 
swim them, counter them and put our shots away. Our 
offense did an amazing job.” 

In Sunday’s championship match, the Tritons domi-
nated from start to finish. UCSD came out hot, with a 
pair of opening goals from Cockerill and senior 2M Joe 
Dietrich and Cockerill. While the Lions responded with 
a goal of their own, it would be their only score for the 
rest of the half. UCSD’s defense performed impressively, 
even barring an LMU goal after a goalie ejection was 

issued to the Tritons. 
On the offensive end, the Tritons would put six 

unanswered goals into the cage to close out the half with 
a dominating 8–1 lead. 

Amazingly, UCSD would continue to build upon 
their advantage early in the second half, going up 12–1 
in the third quarter after a goal from Syka.

The Lions would finally respond with two goals at 
the end of the quarter and three more in the final frame, 
but the Triton lead proved too substantial to overcome. 

“We had the best of both worlds today,” Ravanbach 
said. “Our offense was on, our defense was phenomenal. 
It was a really good balance. Everyone did their job.” 

Dietrich finished the game with a hat trick while 
Cockerill, Higginson and Syka recorded a pair of goals 
each. Ravanbach turned in 16 saves in the final match, 
en route to earning the WWPA Tournament MVP award. 

“It’s great and I’m grateful, but I’ve got to thank the 
defense most of all.” Ravanbach said. “They really work 
on getting the ball in the weaker guys’ hands and forcing 
the bad shots, which I’m able to easily pull down.” 

Dietrich, Stiling and Ravanbach all earned a spot on 
the WWPA All-Tournament First Team, while Syka was 
named to the Second Team. 

See M. WATER POLO, page 9

MEN'S  BASKETBALL

Tritons Open Season With Road Wins
UCSD slips past Academy of Art, pulls off upset against No. 19 Cal Poly Pomona. 

BY  dan i el  su ng
associate sports editor

See M. BASKETBALL, page 9

WOMEN'S  BASKETBALL

UCSD Falls on the Road
Tritons record two narrow losses at Crossover Classic.

The UCSD women’s basketball 
team went 0–2 at the West Region 
Crossover Classic at Western Wash-
ington University this past weekend. 
On Friday, Seattle Pacific University 
defeated UCSD 71–66 before the Tri-
tons lost to Western Washington 80–
77 in overtime on Saturday.

On the opening day, the Tritons 
battled back and forth with a strong 
Seattle Pacific squad. UCSD took a 24–
18 lead after redshirt freshman guard 
Taylor Tanita sank a three-pointer. The 
shot was one of only three made the 
whole game, during which the Tritons 
went a poor 3–19 from beyond the arc. 

“We had a poor shooting night, but 
I am not that much concerned about 
the shooting percentages because we 
have very good shooters on the team,” 

UCSD head coach Heidi VanDerveer 
said. “What kept us in the game is that 
we did everything else well, like get-
ting back in transition defense or box-
ing out.”

Despite the advantage, the Falcons 
answered with an 11–4 run to end the 
period and take a 37–32 lead into the 
locker room. 

The Tritons came back strong after 
the intermission, consistently fighting 
to keep the game within reach. With 
2:37 left in play, the Tritons battled 
from behind to tie things up at 60 
each. The minor comeback proved in-
sufficient, as Seattle Pacific retook the 
lead and remained ahead until the end. 

Senior guard Miranda Seto scored 
17 points for UCSD and junior foward 
Farrah Shokoor added 16 points and 
10 rebounds for her first double-dou-
ble of the season. Seattle Pacific’s senior 

BY  marcus  th u i lli er
staff writer

See W. BASKETBALL, page 9

W. Basketball
M. Basketball

M. Water Polo
W. Basketball
M. Basketball

  11/28
   11/28
   11/29      
   11/29 
   11/29

VS Academy of Art
AT Colorado School of Mines
VS Brown University
VS Azusa Pacific University
AT Fort Lewis University

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS


