
VOLUME 48, ISSUE 15  THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

LET’S  GET 
STUFFED

Will you be in San Diego for 
next week’s Turkey Fest? We’ve 

got you covered. Recipes 
and celebration ideas in the 

UCSD Guardian’s Thanksgiving 
Holiday guide.

CAMPUS   IN   THE  DARK

A  COURT  ORDER

UCSD   needs  new  lighting

Basketball   Begins  season

OPINION,  Page  4

SPORTS,  Page 12

THURSDAY
H 67 L 56

FRIDAY
H 66 L 53

SATURDAY
H 68 L 54

SUNDAY
H 71 L 52

FORECAST

VERBATIM
The 
surest 
way to 
keep your 
sinuses 
and hands 
clean of bacteria is a full-
body hazardous material 
suit.”

- The Guru
How-to-Guru

OPINION PAGE 4

INSIDE
A Couple of Derps ........... 2
Prop. 47 .......................... 4
Album Reviews ............... 9
Crossword .................... 10
Women’s Volleyball ....... 12

“

Weekend,  PAGE  6

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG 

CAMPUS

Students Protest Tuition Hikes

A student-organized protest was held on Library Walk on Tuesday, Nov. 18, to contest the pro-posed tuition hike that eventually passed in the 
Committee on Long Range Planning at the University 
of California Regents’ meeting held the next day, Nov. 
19. The full-voting members of the Board of Regents 
will vote later to finally reject or approve the plan. 

If the tuition increase plan passes, which was rec-
ommended by the UC Office of the President due to 
budget gaps in the UC system and a lack of funding 
from the state of California, it will institute an annual 
5-percent increase that will occur over the next five 
years. 

Approximately 300 students attended the protest 
and were encouraged to wear all black. 

A.S. Vice President of External Affairs Allyson 

Osorio explained that the number of people in atten-
dance will demonstrate to the Board of Regents that a 
larger group of students than anticipated care about the 
tuition increase.

“I think that many times, people think it’s only the 
activist students that come out, and I think UCSD just 
proved that it’s not that and a lot of people that are 
being affected by this,” Osorio said. “I know this will 
help us when it comes to getting Californians involved 
to know what’s going on because not many people 
know what’s going on and I think our numbers will be 
able to show that to the San Diego community.”

In regards the two newly appointed Regents Eloy 
Ortiz Oakley and John A. Perez, Osorio said that she 
worked with Perez in her first year of college and he 
was proactive with the University of California Student 

United We Sit
Over 300 students gathered in solidarity on Library Walk against the proposed tuition hikes, which would raise tuition by over 25 
percent over the next five years. Photo by Cory Wong/Guardian.

See PROTEST, page 3

Several hundred scientists and 
engineers convened for the second 
U.S. Trillion Sensors Summit on 
Nov. 12 and Nov. 13, hosted at the 
Estancia La Jolla Hotel & Spa. Over 
30 speakers gave presentations 
at the convention, with topics 
ranging from sensor applications 
in medicine, security, sports and 
communications. 

The TSensor Summits were the 
brainchild of Dr. Janusz Bryzek 
and dean of the UCSD Jacobs 
School of Engineering Albert 
Pisano. They, along with other 
organizers, had been working on a 
possible forum for groundbreaking 
microelectromechanical 
technologies since 2010. This latest 
TSensor Summit primarily focused 
on ideas for health care research 
and industry. 

Pisano believes that sensors 
have the potential to revolutionize 

the way our world works, with 
widespread and surprising uses 
in countless disciplines. He also 
felt that San Diego was the perfect 
location to develop these new 
sensors.

“When we started organizing 
this conference, we really didn’t 
know what hot idea would 
emerge,” Pisano said in a Nov. 9 
U-T San Diego article. “But as the 
topics coalesced, there emerged a 
wonderful theme of ‘the lab in a 
test tube’ transitioning to ‘the lab 
on your body’ and finally morphing 
into the concept of ‘the lab in your 
body.’”

The event was organized into 
nine sessions, each with its own 
theme and chair. Five keynote 
speakers were interspersed among 
the other presentations. They 
were Dr. Flavio Bonomi, CEO of 
IoxWorks, Inc; Maciej Kranz, vice 
president of Corporate Technology 
Group at Cisco Systems; UC 
Berkeley professor Kris Pister; Rob 
Chandhok, senior vice president 

at Qualcomm Technologies; and 
UCSD nanoengineering professor 
Joseph Wang, who opened the 
Summit talks. 

Wang, who is among a multitude 
of researchers at UCSD working 
on wearable sensor concepts, 
unveiled temporary tattoos with 
electrochemical monitors that are 
capable of measuring a variety of 
body conditions, according to the 
Jacobs School of Engineering.

“The skin is an important 
sensory function,” Wang said in 
a Nov. 13 Electronic Engineering 
Times article. “The skin is not only 
our own body, but it could be the 
body of any host like a building, a 
tree or a moving car.”

The Summit concluded on 
Friday, Nov. 14 with several 
technical lab tours that showcased 
the various projects currently being 
created at the UCSD Center for 
Wearable Sensors. 

TSensor Summit San Diego is 

SAN  DIEGO

Hundreds Attend Second TSensor Summit
Co-founded by the Jacobs School Dean, the convention took place last week in La Jolla. 

BY   An drew  H uang
senior staff writer

See SUMMIT, page 3

UCAB Opts 
Not to Renew 
Lease for 
Porter’s Pub 

UNIVERSITY CENTERS

The UCEN Advisory Board 
announces that the restaurant 
and concert venue will be 
replaced by a new tenant.

BY  Kyle  som ers
senior staff Writer

The lease on Porter’s Pub, which 
expires in May 2015, was not renewed 
by University Centers. The University 
Centers Advisory Board will begin 
looking at offers for the space current-
ly occupied by the pub in June 2015. 

In a meeting held two weeks ago, 
UCAB voted not to renew the pub’s 
lease due to poor feedback from 
the UCSD community, which was 
attained through several student sur-
veys. The feedback mentioned prob-
lems with low sales and limited access 
to the stage for students, along with 
issues related to individual cases and 
human resource problems. 

UCAB Chair Claire Maniti 
refrained from disclosing the specifics 
of the renewal of the lease due to the 
sensitivity of the information between 
the pub and University Centers.

Porter’s has a “stage that was paid 
for, built and run by student fees,” 
Maniti said. Due to this, Porter’s is 
obligated to appropriate the stage for 
student-organized events and allow 
those events to have priority over 
their own, non-student related events, 
which are hosted on that same stage. 

In its public statement, UCAB 
provided the figure that only approxi-
mately 30 student events were held 
at the student-owned stage since the 
pub was given control of it and its 
events in 2008. According to UCAB’s 
statement, the vast majority of the 
events Porter’s held were for public 
events such as concerts, as opposed to 
student events. 

However, Porter’s calendar, which 
was provided to the UCSD Guardian 
by Porter’s Pub owner Stephen Lawler, 
showed that over 56 student events 
were held on the stage in the 2013–
2014 academic year. These 56 events 
are not including the smaller student 
events that occurred on the stage, such 
as the biweekly meetings held there by 
groups such as the Engineering Wine 
Society. 

UCAB’s statement provided a 
potential explanation to the discrep-
ancy on the number of events the 
pub held by mentioning a “lack of 
adherence to University Centers’ res-
ervation procedures, lack of response 
to reservation requests, being charged 
for using the space and being misled 
into noncompliance with Center for 
Student Involvement and TAP forms.”

Porter’s still maintains the option 
of sending a “request for proposal” 
— UCAB’s process of searching for 
a new vendor to occupy the space. 
However, Maniti explained to the 
Guardian that if UCAB were to renew 
the pub’s lease after the RFP process, 
the stage would most likely not be 
included in the renewal because of 
the problems it has caused for student 

See PORTER’S, page 3

BY tina  butoiu    associate NEWS Editor



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

A COUPLE OF DERPS By Elyse Yang

TACO SHOP

www.eataburrito.com

858-456-0462

FREE
TACOS
ROLLED

Buy any 4 Burritos
(Cali, La Jolla, Vegi, 
or Scripps) burritos. 
Get 15 Rolled Tacos 

with cheese!

No Cash Value • Must have 
coupon • Cannot combine 
coupons at the register • 

Expires 6/15/2015

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

Registration for FALL Qtr is NOW open!

Register online at 
as.ucsd.edu/saferides
A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get 3 FREE rides per quarter.
Students must register at least 24 hours
prior to their first ride. 

A.S. Safe Rides 

asucsd asucsd

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. “Is Meryl Press a publishing 
company?”

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Kyle Somers

Nilu Karimi

Taylor Sanderson

Siddharth Atre

Alwin Szeto

Joselynn Ordaz

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Lifestyle Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Shermin Alein, Sidney Gao, Allison Kubo

Copy Readers
Andrew Chao, Caroline Lee, Jennifer Grundman, Micaela 

Stone, Kriti Sarin

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Teiko Yakobson, Jonah Yonker

Researchers at the UCSD School 
of Medicine are launching a new 
program to help San Diego busi-
nesses end distracted driving, 
UCSD News Center reported on 
Nov 7. The program will be the 
newest component of the larger 
“Just Drive — Take Action Against 
Distraction” campaign.

The program will offer free 
technical assistance to employ-
ers who are interested in crafting 
or strengthening bans on their 
employees using cell phones while 
driving. The California Office of 
Traffic Safety is funding “Just Drive” 
through the National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration as 
part of a nationwide effort to edu-
cate the public about the dangers of 
distracted driving so as to improve 
roadway safety.

According to the program’s dis-
tracted-driving program coordina-
tor Angelica Barrera-Ng, during the 

first program year of “Just Drive” 
— March to September 2014 — 38 
companies and 3,874 people partic-
ipated in 59 classes that it hosted. In 
its second project year — October 
to the present — eight companies 
and 909 people have so far partici-
pated in 19 classes.

The program is a response to 
a distracted-driving epidemic that 
the National Safety Council esti-
mated is responsible for more than 
a fourth of all automobile crashes 
in 2012. The NHTSA estimates that 
distracted driving was implicated in 
approximately 421,000 injuries and 
3,328 deaths in 2012. 

Research suggests that talking 
on a cell phone, either hands-free or 
handheld, is as dangerous as driving 
with a blood -alcohol content of 
0.08, the legal limit in California. 
Additionally, a study conducted at 
Texas A&M University found that 
using voice-to-text messaging is 
as dangerous as manual text mes-
saging, while UCSD News Center 
reports that there is new evidence 
suggesting that it’s even more dan-
gerous.

“The risks posed by visual 

or manual distractions are easy 
to understand,” Ddirector of the 
Training, Research and Education 
for Driving Safety Linda Hill, direc-
tor of the Training, Research and 
Education for Driving Safety, said. 
“But what people appreciate less 
is the impact of cognitive distrac-
tions, caused by engaging the brain 
in nondriving tasks. Cognitive dis-
traction causes inattentional blind-
ness, and as a result, drivers have 
a greatly impaired ability to attend 
to and respond to what is in front 
of them.”

Despite the research results, 
hands-free cell-phone usage while 
driving remains legal in California, 
a result unsurprising to Hill.

“It takes a long time to enact 
laws; they lag behind research,” Hill 
said. “It is also difficult to pass laws 
that can’t be enforced, and it’s hard 
for law enforcement to see when 
someone is talking but hands-free.”

Though the program is not 
aimed at changing laws, Hill told 
the UCSD Guardian that it is sup-
portive of legislation to ban cell 
phone use while driving.

Hill also asserts that many peo-

ple cite a sense of obligation to 
work responsibilities as a leading 
motivator for risky driving behav-
iors. She argues that a company 
policy that bans cell -phone usage 
while driving can remove any doubt 
of what’s expected and prioritized. 
Furthermore, it would help reduce 
a company’s risk of liability from 
being sued for damages, should an 
employee cause harm to another 
person while driving and using a 
cellphone.

Moreover, businesses shouldn’t 
worry about such policies hurt-
ing their productivity, as an NSC 
survey showed that only 1 percent 
of companies with total cellphone-
while-driving bans reported seeing 
a decrease in productivity. 

In addition to helping businesses 
implement these policies, UCSD 
researchers will continue to offer 
one-hour, no-cost workplace classes 
that discuss the dangers of distract-
ed driving to San Diego businesses 
and agencies in collaboration with 
the California Highway Patrol.

Medical School Launches New Program to Curb Distracted Driving
CAMPUS

BY  jacky  to
staff writer

ucsdguardian.org
CAN’T GET ENOUGH?  FIND MORE ONLINE AT: 

readers can contact
jacky  to   j6to@ucsd.edu 



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

 

 

KEEP  
CALM 

AND 

CALL A  
LAWYER 

 
Student Legal Services FREE & CONFIDENTIAL Legal Counseling and Education for: Landlord/Tenant ~ Student Conduct ~ Traffic Tickets & Other Citations ~ Business Start-Ups ~ More! 

(858) 534-4374  sls.ucsd.edu  sls@ucsd.edu 

Association.
“[Perez] offered the middle class 

scholarship and this is affecting the 
middle class the most directly, start-
ing next year, so I think it’s going 
to be a huge thing to have him on 
the board,” Osorio said. “I think he 
can provide a perspective of some-
one that [has] been in office and 
has [written] leg-
islation that has 
helped students 
and has worked 
with students [...] 
and from his track 
record, I do think 
his vote may help 
the students.” 

The protest 
began with A.S. 
Vice President of 
Equity, Diversity 
and Inclusion Iris 
Delgado, who ini-
tiated the group 
chanting and 
encouraged stu-
dents to sit down and participate. 
The chant included phrases such as 
“Hey, hey! Ho ho! Tuition hikes have 
got to go!” and “No cuts! No fees! 
Education should be free!” 

Graduate students and professors 
spoke at the event about their views 
regarding the potential increase and 
how the lack of opportunities that 
future students would have with the 
passage of the plan. They also dis-
cussed how the increase reflects a 
gradual privatization of the public 
university system. 

UCSD graduate student and 
literature Ph.D. candidate Niall 
Twohig explained that the protest 
is a common fight for access to a 
public education. 

“Our fight [...] is for all of the 
California people and for a critical 

education rather than a corporatized 
and militarized education,” Twohig 
said. “I think the energy is amazing 
and it’s inspiring that the students 
are not just fighting for themselves 
as individuals, but fighting for future 
generations who need access into 
this public university.”

Members from different student 
organizations including the Students 
of Affirmative Action Committee, 

Black Student Union and 
Movimiento Estudiantil Chicanola 
de Aztlan spoke on the matter and 
their disapproval on the proposed 
increase. 

Other A.S. Council members, 
including President Robby Boparai, 
Osorio, VP Campus Affairs Amber 
Hawthorne and VP Finance and 
Resources Igor Geyn, read a state-
ment to the crowd that was written 
on behalf of UCSD students. That 
same statement was also sent to the 
Office of Financial Aid and UCSD 
Chancellor Pradeep Khosla. 

Boparai commented that the pro-
test was the first time where mem-
bers of Greek life, SAAC, athletes 
and  A.S. Council members were all 
present for a common cause.

“This is bigger than anything I’ve 

seen at my time at UCSD so far,” 
Boparai said. “We’ve built a commu-
nity on our campus that we’re able 
to advocate together on anything 
that affects us, so if the University 
of California San Diego tries to pass 
something that infringes student 
rights, we know that we can mobi-
lize students again like this.” 

An “open mic” was later held 
where students were allowed to 

share their feel-
ings on the mat-
ter.

Sixth College 
senior Francisco 
Javier Garcia 
explained how 
his expectations 
were exceeded 
by the amount 
of students in 
attendance, but 
how the proposed 
increase makes 
him fear for his 
little sister’s col-
lege education.

“Its a beautiful 
thing to see so many different com-
munities come through [and] how 
different communities are already 
seeing these problems,” Francisco 
said. “Things are just getting to a 
point where you can’t ignore; we 
have to come together, we have to 
love each other, we have to show 
that solidarity, because if we don’t, 
then we lose everything. This is 
something that’s going to continue, I 
mean, I’m worried about [...] people 
that I don’t even know that are try-
ing to find an education that get dis-
couraged because they see a paper 
that says ‘You can’t afford it’.”

Additional Reporting by Associate 
News Editor Tina Butoiu.

Student Organized Protest Draws Faculty, Graduate Students

Professor of Spanish and Chicano Literature Jorge Mariscal was invited to speak at the protest 
on his feelings of mutual disdain towards the potential increase. Photo by Cory Wong/Guardian.

readers can contact
Meryl Press  mpress@ucsd.edu

organizations.
The potential new vendors will 

be placed through a screening pro-
cess by UCAB to determine which 
of them will best fill the role of 
the space’s future occupant. Maniti 
indicated that a “pub” or “tavern” 
concept may be continued. 

Vendors interested in the space 
must participate in a four-to-six-
month application process that 
involves a series of steps, where each 
step may take up to one month to 
complete. Some of these steps include 
the vendors submitting a proposal 
for how they intend to use the space 
and having their services sampled to 
check for quality and legitimacy.

One concern of the student body 
is that another business may not 
be able to bring the same caliber 
of concerts to campus. Some of 
the past concerts at Porter’s have 
included headliners such as Tyler, 
The Creator; Run the Jewels; The 
Neighbourhood; Kendrick Lamar 
and Grimes.

UCSD department of visual arts 
professor Brett Stalbaum expressed his 
sentiment toward the loss of Porter’s.

“At a time when it feels like 
the university is expelling its char-
acteristic third spaces —  – the 
last places on campus that have a 
local character such as the Che Cafe 
and the Crafts Center,” Stalbaum 
said. “Losing Porter’s Pub and the 
diverse entertainment opportunities 
it brings would be another tragic 
loss of authentic cultural experienc-
es on campus, not to mention the 
replacement of a minority-owned 
business.” 

Lawler refused to comment on 
whether or not he intends to pursue 
the lease through the request for 
proposals process.

Porter’s will have full control 
over the stage until they formally 
leave campus in June 2015. Maniti 
explained that regardless of whether 
or not a vendor is chosen by Fall 
2015, the stage will still be utilized 
by student organizations to put on 
student-run events and shows. 

Additional reporting for this story 
by Associate News Editor Meryl 
Press. 

UCAB Will Screen Potential Pub Tenants

readers can contact
Meryl Press  mpress@ucsd.edu

▶ PROTEST, from page 1 ▶ PORTER’S, from page 1

only the second Summit held in the 
U.S., with the previous conferences 
located in cities like Munich, 
Germany and Stanford, California. 
The next TSensor Summit will take 
place in Tokyo, Japan on Dec. 8 to 
Dec. 9.

The organizers’ long-term 
aspiration is for scientists to 
install at least one trillion sensors 
worldwide, adding to the millions 
of existing sensors, within a single 

generation. 
In turn, the new technology will 

achieve “Abundance,” an Earth with 
clean energy, a clean environment 
and general prosperity for all. 
Bryzek explained that Abundance 
would become possible as sensors 
fuse computing, communication 
and sensing in a “Third Technical 
Revolution.” 

Next TSensor Summit to Take Place in Tokyo

readers can contact
Meryl Press  mpress@ucsd.edu

▶ SUMMIT, from page 1



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORCHARU M EHRAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Keep the 
Environment
Healthy While
You Are Sick

Many folks dread flu season 
— and why not? Being sick is not 
the most fun you can have during 
midterms and can be harmful for 
your body, your immune system 
and those around you. But there is 
no greater victim of illness than the 
environment.

Each season, thousands of tissues, 
hundreds of pills and millions of 
gallons of water are eliminated in the 
name of human wellness. But that 
certainly isn’t fair to Mother Nature 
— we have a responsibility to make 
sure that we take care of our Earth 
BEFORE we take care of ourselves. 
This week’s guru gives you some ways 
you can save the planet even when 
you are sick.

 First and foremost, the outright 
lie that you need to wash your hands 
to remain germ-free in order to avoid 
sickness is incredibly misleading. Not 
a single drop of the precious, drought-
era tap water needs to be wasted in 
the name of germ prevention. The 
surest way to keep your sinuses and 
hands clean of bacteria is a full-body 
hazardous material suit. Sure, you’ll 
stand out in lecture — but not because 
of the suit. Peers will admire your 
commitment to saving the planet by 
not bathing, washing or scrubbing 
and wasting water in the process.

 Wearing a hazmat suit full-
time will also help preserve the air 
quality. Human respiration results 
in carbon dioxide emissions, which 
directly contribute to global warming. 
Humans have been around much 
longer than have Hummer H2s and 
are thus a collectively bigger threat 
to carbon dioxide emissions than are 
automobiles. By making sure you 
recycle your own breathing air by 
keeping it all in your hazmat suit, you 
help protect the environment

As an added bonus, you’ll save 
water on laundry by just wearing the 
hazmat suit for the entire duration of 
the sick season (which runs from the 
start of fall to the end of summer).

 For runny noses, our go-to 
since childhood has been to grab 
a box of Kleenex (or Puffs, for the 
economically-minded student) and 
go nuts blowing snot at 100 miles 
an hour into a square tissue. A huge 
portion of our garbage is filled with 
used tissues (the same is also true for 
not-sick freshman males) and that 
translates to cubic miles of landfills 
full of our snotty booger-catchers.

While it certainly makes sense 
to be kind to trees and to ensure we 
are making full use of our tissues, 
this may be the year we need to start 
sharing our tissues with others. So 
if you’re sick, then your roommate 
probably is too — sharing your tissues 
will not only bring you closer together, 
but it will make you more conscious 
of your impact on the environment.

 Used needles are dangerous to 
the environment, so when getting 
a flu shot, make sure you ask the 
vaccine administrator to recycle the 
needle from the previous patient. 
The possible health risks are far less 
dangerous than the impact of too 
many thrown out medical needles on 
the environment. Good health comes 
from a good environment and you 
will be directly contributing to the 
improvement of the world we all 
live in. 

How-to
Guru
opinion@ucsdguardian.org

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG

See LIGHTS, page 5

Proposition 47 Frees Up Much-Needed Funding

With California citizens voting to pass Proposition 47 in the recent midterm 
election, our governor, legislature and 
the University of California Board 
of Regents have some important 
decisions to make. Prop. 47, in 
essence, will release many non-violent 
criminals from California prisons, 
based on new sentencing guidelines. 
If everything goes as planned, these 
actions are meant to free up hundreds 
of millions of dollars of state money 
which was previously being spent 
on the over-crowded state prison 
system, and funnel it into things like 
a fund for crime victims and, most 
importantly for us, the California 
Department of Education. 

A large amount of cash could 
not come at a better time, especially 
for UC students. Just yesterday, the 
Long-Term Planning Committee of 
the UC Board of Regents voted to 
allow a tuition increase that will raise 
tuition by more than $3,000  over 
the course of the next five years. 
This is devastating for so many of 
the accomplished students who have 
worked hard to be able to attend UCs 

but are likely going to be priced out 
of the education they deserve. Our 
professors and TAs have long been 
underpaid, our facilities are in poor 
condition, there is a noticeable lack 
of affordable on-campus housing and 
students are leaving UC campuses 
with enormous debt.  But we also 
know that money doesn’t grow on 
trees: it has to come from somewhere. 

It is with these things in 
mind that we urge the Board of 
Regents, Governor Brown and the 
administrators of the UC campuses to 
explore alternate options for funding 
the crown jewels of the California 
higher education system. A majority 
of the money freed up by Prop. 47 
should be put towards the UC system 
and improving the status quo. We 
have a number of suggestions for 
what can be fixed. First and foremost, 
the administrators and Regents who 
this tuition hike is going to benefit 
the most monetarily should accept 
pay cuts, in the light of the financial 
hardships faced by actual educators 
and hard-working students at the UC 
campuses. Additionally, less freshmen 
should be admitted to the system. 

The size of incoming classes has been 
continuously increasing, and while 
we understand that the higher-ups of 
the system want as many tuition-
paying students as possible, it is not 
financially feasible at this point for 
this many students to attend and for 
the system to remain in the slightest 
bit cost-efficient. We also agree with 
Governor Brown’s suggestions to offer 
more online courses and certifications 
based on proven work experience to 
avoid classroom overcrowding.

We are disappointed today 
that the Board of Regents and UC 
President Janet Napolitano have 
forgotten who they are here to 
serve. Their duty is to protect the 
students and educators of the UC 
system, not to line the pockets of a 
select few. With the passing of Prop 
47, the state has an opportunity 
to reinvest funds into a system 
that was supposed to be its pride 
and joy. We sincerely hope that 
the Regents, the legislature and 
Governor Brown will consider 
reversing their decision to raise 
tuition in light of more viable 
alternatives.

Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Rachel Huang
MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
MANAGING EDITOR

Charu Mehra
OPINION EDITOR

Meryl Press
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Tina Butoiu
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

 
Aleksandra Konstantinovic

MULTIMEDIA EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice weekly at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 2014. 
Views expressed herein represent the majority vote of the 
editorial board and are not necessarily those of the UC 
Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the 

Guardian staff. 

In light of increasingly frequent police reports about students being assaulted on or near campus, it’s obvious that UCSD has a safety problem. On such a sprawling 
campus littered with pitch black forests and shadowy nooks, 
we feel that student safety is not being prioritized as it can 
and should be. We have complained before, and we will 
complain again: The lighting at UCSD is utterly insufficient 
to guarantee the safety of our students. 

Last year, a student was stabbed in front of Center Hall. 
Just last week, a student was almost kidnapped at a Nobel 
Drive bus stop. The emails students received after these 
incidents suggested some “general safety considerations.” The 
first safety consideration: “Whenever possible, travel well-
lighted, busy routes” — apt advice, particularly for commuter 
students traveling alone at night and especially now that 
the sun sets at a premature 4:46 p.m. This advice, however, 
is extremely difficult to heed given the meager lighting at 
UCSD. 

As any student who has experienced night classes during 
the fall and winter quarters understands, UCSD becomes an 
eerie place at night when you’re alone. We can easily name 
several locations that need better lighting: Scholar’s Drive 

through Thurgood Marshall College, the Eucalyptus Grove 
bus stop under the bridge, the canyon path behind Snake 
Path and Geisel Library, the forest path leading up to the 
Mandeville bus stop — the list is inexhaustive. It is one thing 
for commuter students to feel uneasy traveling across campus 
at night, but for those that live at the university, it is even 
more unacceptable that they should worry about the safety of 
their own home. 

Admittedly, administration has made efforts to improve 
the lighting situation. Revelle College, for example, has 
replaced lamp bulbs along certain walkways with LED bulbs, 
providing brighter and longer-lasting illumination. This is a 
much further and more concrete effort than last year, when 
administration only made half-hearted and unsuccessful 
attempts to address the issue through emails polling apathetic 
students on the best locations for additional lighting. As we 
said before, those were largely futile efforts, so it’s gratifying 
to see some tangible progress starting in Revelle. However, 
this is not enough and on too small a scale to really make an 
impact. We would still like to see something more sweeping 
— something that will affect more ground than the limited 
area of only one of our six colleges. 

Campus administration must prioritize improving campus safety.

Let There Be Light

ILLUSTRATION BY JENNA MCClOSKEY



LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

         (Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Do you suffer
from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 

blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You will 
be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 
752-6979 or email (study@lji.org), and 

mention the Sette-Allergy study to find 
out more information.

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get
HAY FEVER? • are generally healthy,

with no known diseases
• are willing to donate blood

• weigh at  least 110 lbs.
• are between the ages of 18-65

• are non-smokers (past or present)
• have no history of substance abuse

We are conducting a research study to analyze the 
immune system, of healthy people to understand how 

genetic factors affect the function of immune cells.  
We are looking for volunteers who:

Qualified participants will be asked to provide 
information regarding their medical history and will 

be compensated up to $300 for their time and 
donating blood.

Are you a

If you would like more information 
or think that you may be eligible for 

this study, please call our study 
coordinator at(858) 752-6979 or 

email study@liai.org

HEALTHY PERSON?

We also understand that the 
university may simply not have the 
funds to accommodate our need. It’s 
been a difficult past few years for the 
University of California, with steady 
decreases in state funding. Gov. 
Jerry Brown’s recent veto deferred 
$50 million that would have gone to 
facilities maintenance — funds could 
have paid to install more light fixtures 
around campus or hire a larger, better-
equipped security force. Regardless, 
more money needs to be reallocated 
to improving lighting. If that means 
less money will go to maintaining 
things like the Stewart Art Collection, 
then so be it. Student safety should 
be a much higher priority than the 
administration seems to regard it.

However, what we do not want 
is a long, drawn-out battle on how 

to fund this project. While last 
year’s transportation referendum 
proved that under duress, students 
are willing to accept higher fees for 
necessities, this is not to say that 
we condone another student fee 
increase, especially with the prospect 
of UC President Janet Napolitano’s 
tuition hike. A referendum should 
only be considered as a last resort, 
but given the precedence set by the 
transportation issue, it is viable, if not 
preferable.

There are plenty of 
environmentally sustainable, 
cost-efficient lighting options 
administration can look into since 
they’re so strapped for cash. UC 
Davis, for example, whose Smart 
Lighting Initiative, which seeks to 
improve indoor and outdoor lighting 
efficiency, has saved them up to 25 
percent in energy since 2007. The 

initiative’s website boasts that their 
installations have led to “significant 
energy, maintenance, carbon and 
economic savings.” With UCSD’s 
budget in its current state and 
maintenance funding often deferred 
to sustain other university resources, 
UC Davis sets a promising example 
for our own university to follow. 
As students, we should not have to 
worry that our university is unsafe, 
at any given time of day. We cannot 
allow the frequency of the police 
reports to desensitize us or the 
administration to the fact that these 
dangers are very real and very close. 
Above all, administration needs to 
show us that they prioritize us and 
our safety, and the way to do that now 
is to make sure we feel safe going to 
school here. One more lamp lighting 
up a eucalyptus forest path might 
mean all the difference.

O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

FUNGLY By Kyle Trujillo

Better Lighting on Campus Would Greatly Improve Nighttime Safety
▶ LIGHTS, from page 4

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Dear Editor,
As a graduate of the Cal State 

University system and one who 
worked professionally at UCSD, 
I continue to be appalled by fee 
increases with no end in sight.  
During over five years I worked at 
the UCSD campus, there was never 
one day that some huge construction 
project was not underway.  It has 
always seemed that all of this 
infrastructure was, and continues 
to be built, largely on the backs of 
students who had to beg and borrow 
for their education.  These “spare 
no expense” edifices continue to be 
built unceasingly, with departments 
competing to have the latest and 
greatest edifices.  Meanwhile, many 
of these projects do not provide 
classrooms or student housing, but 
are rather facilities by which the 
vast resources and reputation of 
the UC system can be marketed to 
industry and government.  (UCSD 
is the largest employer in San Diego 
County, yet only a small fraction of 
staff has anything to do with teaching 
students.)  To add insult to injury, the 
regents and top administrators are 
again giving themselves raises.

The real problem could be that 
the priorities and mission of the UC 
system place the education of students 
very low on a long list of priorities, 
while keeping the students near the 
top of the list as a primary source of 

money to make all the other things 
happen.  

The state is long overdue to create 
legislation to overhaul the system, 
make the regents accountable to 
the student body and the public 
and institute independent audits 
to determine, realistically, 1) how 
much of a student’s fees actually goes 
for their education, professors and 
whiteboard markers, as opposed to 
grandiose capital investments when 
ample classroom space already exists 
and 2) how much, if any, of the 
millions of dollars the regents receive 
from the many lucrative private and 
government contracts made possible 
because of these investments of 
student fees ever finds its way back to 
educating a single student.  

We are suffering an antiquated 
system of appointed, all-powerful, 
well-entrenched governing regents 
at the helm, with their dubious 
connections, deciding how billions 
of student and tax dollars are spent 
while answering to no one. Simply 
implementing democracy could 
change all this:  making it possible 
for students and the public to vote 
on and vote out the regents!  And we 
need light of day transparency:  real, 
independent auditing of UC budgets!  

With actual public scrutiny and 
accountability, it seems less likely 
that we would see five years of fee 
increases being pontificated as if by 
royal decree.

                                - M.E. Rothbart
Former UCSD Staff Member

Press Pause on 
Campus Construction

Like us on Facebook

facebook.com/
ucsdguardian



A&E EDITOR // JACQUELINE KIM 
ENTERTAINMENT@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

LIFESTYLE EDITOR // NILU KARIMI
LIFESTYLE@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

WEEKEND
ARTS   |   FOOD & DRINK   |   LIVING   |   FILM  &  TV   |   MUSIC   |   THINGS  TO  DO

Happy Thanksgiving Day — or, shall I say, Happy Transaction Day.
That’s right. When Corporate 

America decided to overstep its 
boundaries once more and do 
Thanksgiving a solid — quid pro quo 
the status quo — our rein on this 
national holiday began to slip. The 
commercialization of Thanksgiving, 
a consumer tumor, has distorted 
what was once a festive day to cel-
ebrate the Pilgrim’s first harvest.

This malignancy has crept closer 
to Thanksgiving every year. For the 
clueless nincompoops who aren’t 
au courant, I’m talking about Black 
Friday or, more appropriately, Gray 
Thursday. People are leaving their 
Thanksgivings earlier every year just 
to go shopping for Gucci labels sewn 
onto Goodwill thrifties. Even worse, 
retail stores like Walmart, Macy’s, 
Target and Kohl’s have pushed their 
hours to start as early as 6 p.m. on 
Thanksgiving, further promoting this 
mindless behavior. Can you believe 
this asinine bull-caca? Getting caught 
shopping at these retail stores is pun-
ishment enough for your reputation, 
but perusing their already 50-percent 
off sales rack stacked with “Black 
Friday deals” confirms polarizing 
levels of basicness in America. Why 
would you sacrifice time with family 
and friends just to look like a matron 
on a budget?

Imagine the already overworked 
employees — chained by work 
contracts that have somehow cir-
cumvented the unions. Their eyes 
are dead because they left the family 
party early to serve slobs that need 
a last-minute dead bird, somehow 
mustering a “Welcome to Walmart.” 
It is practically a hate crime to 
impose these disgusting restrictions 
on employees so they can part ways 
early on their Thanksgiving feasts. 
Alex from Target is crying.

Furthermore, not participating 
in Gray Thursday does not give 
anyone a free pass to participate in 
Black Friday, either. Doors may start 
flinging open like flying flatulence at 
midnight, but that leaves no excuse 
to ditch family. That hideous plaid 
shirt was there two weeks ago, and 
five dollars off doesn’t make it any 
more salvageable. Flat-screen televi-
sions should have been purchased 
before the Super Bowl, not when 
Best Buy decides to match eBay 
prices sold by a recluse kleptoma-
niac. Seasonal blends — whatever 
Pumpkin Spice Latte knock-off is 
available — at Starbucks will be 
there for the next two months, so 
calm your nipples. The only valid 
excuse for a Black Friday would 
be half-off textbooks and univer-
sity tuitions that don’t inflate by 5 
percent each year. It’s an audacious 
thought that shopping has out-pri-
oritized spending time with people 
who actually love and care to spend 
time with you. But I guess if you’re 
desperate to show off your baggy 
eyes and lack of consideration, then 
it’s a perfect match.

This Thanksgiving, be thankful 
for all the things that you have: fam-
ily and friends — and mean it. Put 
away the smartphones and enjoy 
an intimate evening at home (or on 
a road trip) with the ones you love 
the most. Throw on a vinyl of nos-
talgic jazz music, watch the Super 
Bowl, listen to your grandmother 
blather about her experiences with 
the panini press mammogram at the 
Geriatrics hospital. Or ignore Upton 
Sinclair’s “The Jungle” and contribute 
to the massacre of steroided turkeys. 
You’ll have plenty of time to shop for 
deals on the other 364 days of the 
year, trust.

Half-Off  
Holidays: 
The New 
Thanksgiving

Christian  Gella  cgella@ucsd.edu
Gobble,  Gobble

Ingredients:

2 cups of GF flour (rice or 
tapioca based)
2 teaspoons of baking powder
1 egg 
8 tablespoon of butter (cold)
1/4 cup sugar
1 teaspoon of salt

Instructions:

1. Heat your oven to 350 F.
2. Coat the inside of the oven bag with flour, grease the inside and insert vegetables.
3. Coat your turkey with butter or oil and sprinkle seasoning over it.
4. Put the turkey in the bag, tie the bag shut. Cut slits into the top of the bag.
5. Bake your bagged turkey (Baking times will vary based on the size of your turkey. For smaller turkeys of 8 to 16 pounds, bake for 2 to 2.5 
hours. For larger turkeys of 16 to 25 pounds, bake for up to 3.5 hours).
6. Let your turkey sit in the bag for at least 15 minutes before removing it to feast upon its flesh.

Un-canned Cranberries 

Ingredients:

12 ounces fresh cranberries
1/2 cup water
3/4 cup orange juice 
3/4 cup dried cherries 
1/4 cup + 3 tablespoons of 
brown sugar 

Instructions:

1. Combine all ingredients in a medium saucepan. 
2. Set the pan over a medium-high heat and bring 
the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium 
and let simmer for 12 to 15 minutes or until the 
cranberries pop, stirring frequently. 
3. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and cool com-
pletely. 
4. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.  

For those that can’t or don’t want to eat gluten, it can be torture staring at a pie with its 
delicious filling surrounded by a gluten-packed, flour-based crust. Here’s the recipe for a 
GF crust that won’t tamper with the taste of any mouthwatering pie you make.

This Thanksgiving, try these easy, Guardian-
approved recipes that will make Granny proud.

Gluten-Free Pie Dough

Canned cranberries that are served alongside Thanksgiving dinners will always hold 
a special place in the hearts of millions around America. However, for the brave soul 
who dares stray away from the tradition of cans, there are many delicious alternatives, 
including this dried cherry and orange cranberry sauce.  

Instructions:

1. Mix all of the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl.
2. Add the egg and butter and mix together with your 
hands. The butter should be in small pieces and not 
completely melted into the dough.
3. If the dough is too dry to form together, slowly add 
water and mix until the dough is wet enough.
4. When the rest of the pie is ready, separate the dough 
into two equally sized pieces. These will be the top and 
bottom. Apply extra flour to the cutting board and rolling 
pin to prevent sticking. Roll out the dough and complete 
the rest of the pie according to the pie recipe.

Turkey-in-a-Bag
Stumped on what exactly makes Grandma’s turkey so quintes-
sentially Thanksgiving? We may not have her secret recipe, but 
we’ve got something manageable for the everyday college chef: 
It’s simple, easy and doesn’t require years to perfect the art of 
baking a giant bird in a small oven. 

Ingredients:

1 turkey-sized oven bag
1 turkey
1 tablespoon of flour
2 tablespoons of vegetable oil, melted butter
(Add seasoning and vegetables to your own discretion — try car-
rots, sweet potatoes, onions, salt, pepper, basil or rosemary)ILLUSTRATION BY JENNA MCCLOSKEY/GUARDIAN

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG

ILLUSTRATION BY JENNA MCCLOSKEY/GUARDIAN

ILLUSTRATION BY JENNA MCCLOSKEY/GUARDIAN

PAGE LAYOUT BY LAUREN KOA AND RACHEL HUANG



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

ASCE.UCSD.EDU
For more information, contact ASCE at

avpconcerts@ucsd.edu or (858) 534-0477

WITH SPECIAL GUESTS:  PAPER DAYS

STEP ROCKETS

DECEMBER 4 | THE LOFT
DOORS @ 8:00PM | SHOW @ 8:30PM

$5 for UCSD undergrads &

$10 for general admission

C irca late 1980s, at Disney Studios right before its “renaissance,” some brilliant 
producer decided that a Victor Hugo 
novel about a poor kid ridden with 
birth defects, an objectified gypsy and 
a crazy cleric would make for a perfect 
animated film. That’s the only rational 
explanation for what became 1996’s 
“The Hunchback of Notre Dame.” And 
sure, it worked — to an extent. Just ask 
a Hugo purist with a vendetta against 
comic-relief gargoyle statues.

Then ask said-purist to head over 
to the La Jolla Playhouse and watch 
the North American premiere of “The 
Hunchback” musical, produced by 

the Disney Theatrical Group. What 
remains from the animated film is 
the earworm-inducing score of eight-
time Oscar winner Alan Menken, 
and by the Disney Legend’s standards, 
the music is his darkest and most 
haunting to date.

The plot itself is vaguely 
reminiscent of the Disney film: 
Claude Frollo (Patrick Page), a man 
of the cloth, reluctantly takes in 
his orphaned, deformed nephew 
Quasimodo (Michael Arden) and 
hides the boy away in the majestic 
Notre Dame Cathedral, of which the 
hunchback becomes the bellringer. 
Quasimodo ventures outside the walls 

of Notre Dame for the first time in 
his life as he sneaks into a carnival 
hosted by the Parisian Romani. As 
a result, he befriends the beautiful 
Esmeralda (Ciara Renee) and stirs 
the ire of his stern uncle, who also 
seeks the Romani woman’s attentions. 
Enter a third man infatuated with 
Esmeralda, the freshly decorated 
captain Phoebus (Andrew Samonsky, 
who brings enough suave swagger 
to outdo a Disney prince), forming a 
love quadrangle inevitably followed 
by heartache and tragedy. The more 
adult, complex themes that had 
been muted in the animation are 
accentuated on the stage, making 
this production geared more towards 
audiences who either grew up 
watching the 1996 film or are looking 
for another musical adaptation in the 
vein of “Les Miserables.”

However, the cast infuses its 
performances with just the right 
amount of Disney-esque appeal to 
offset the darker nuances of the story 
through powerhouse vocals. Arden, 

in particular, steals the show with his 
deeply sensitive, moving portrayal of 
his crippled and deaf protagonist. In 
pure Menken fashion, Quasimodo’s 
“I want” song, “Out There,” as well 
as his duet with Esmeralda, “Top 
of the World,” makes the most of 
Arden and Renee’s soaring voices, 
but in a way more soulful than 
saccharine, contrasting their animated 
counterparts. As the foreboding 
antagonist, Page also delivers 
powerfully resounding numbers, 
especially in the vengeful “Hellfire.” 
Supported by the stunning, intense 
choral group SACRA/PROFANA and 
accompanied by artful lighting, the 
number provides just one of many 
moments that are more thrilling live 
than anything animation or CGI could 
achieve.

Because of this lack of Hollywood 
magic, the stage itself had to be 
adapted to smoothly transition 
from the exterior to interior of the 
cathedral, as well as from its first floor 
to the attic in which Quasimodo lives. 

The Playhouse has worked around 
this potential snag through its clever 
and intricately carpentered set design, 
mainly consisting of a detailed, 
majestic replica of Notre Dame’s rose 
window. Equally arresting in their 
grandeur are the bells of Notre Dame 
themselves, which ring in time to the 
Oscar-nominated score and hold a 
commanding character all their own.

All of these seemingly minute 
details are nowhere to be found in 
the original Disney film, making 
this musical the greater masterpiece 
and, needless to say, the better 
adaptation. But because of the latter, 
anyone expecting a typical Disney-
produced play may find themself 
sitting uncomfortably by the end 
as both hero and villain are mired 
in moral ambiguity. Yet it is this 
newfound complexity that will put this 
musical right on track to becoming a 
Broadway hit.

—     jacqueline  kim
A&e editor

PLAY   REVIEW

A Disney classic is revamped for the stage in a 
lavish performance of love and lust.
Directed by Scott Schwartz
Written by Peter Parnell 
Starring Michael Arden, Patrick Page, Ciara Renee, Andrew Samonsky 
Runs Oct. 26 to Dec. 14
Location La Jolla Playhouse

The  hunchback  of  notre  dame PHOTO COURTESTY OF THE LA JOLLAPLAYHOUSE  



8     T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  WEEKEND

Where: Ballantyne, in El Cajon
When: Sunday, Nov. 23, 12 p.m. 
How to get there: MTS 150 South to Old Transit 
Center, Green Light Trolley 

If sunny skies and palm trees aren’t the autumnal-
holiday you’ve been awaiting, East County’s Mother 
Goose Parade may be just what you need to slip into 
the festive spirit. The free annual celebration fills 
the streets of El Cajon with cheerful clowns, expert 
equestrians and quirky characters eager to kick off 
Thanksgiving week. Already longing for mistletoe 
and reindeer? Santa Claus will be parading along-
side over 100 other entries to remind guests that 
Christmas is just around. Grab yourself a spot along 
Ballantyne Street by 12 p.m. and watch striking 
floats, spirited marching bands and an assortment 
of lively performers march the holiday spirit into San 
Diego. Make your way down to the Mother Goose 
Village in Parkway Plaza for exciting carnival rides 
and a celebratory craft fair. Take a break from your 
tedious fall workload and join thousands of attend-
ees in welcoming the holiday season.  

— Karly Nisson
Contributing Writer

Where: Seuss Room, Geisel Library 
When: Wednesday, Nov. 26, 2014, 12 p.m. to 
1 p.m.

The school library has always been an irreplace-
able source of knowledge for UCSD students and 
the place where everyone finds solutions to their 
academic problems. However, one vital question 
remains unanswered — how do you call a turkey? 
Geisel Library will host the UCSD Library’s Annual 
Turkey Calling Show. This free, open-to-everyone 
event will be held at noon on Nov. 26, the day 
before the Thanksgiving, in the Seuss Room. This 
show, with such an intriguing title, is designed as 
an old-school live-radio broadcast that is going to 
feature special guests from the UCSD Library and 
will be accompanied by the music of the Teeny-
Tiny Pit Orchestra. Voice actor Glen Motil, musi-
cians Christian Hertzog and Kirk Wang and other 
performers will not only involve the “studio audi-
ence” in the discussion of how to call a turkey like 
a pro. Laughs, music and turkey calls — that’s 
what the Turkey Calling Show is all about. 

— Olga Golubkova
Contributing Writer

Where: Highway 101 and D Street, Encinitas 
When: Thursday, Nov. 27, 8 a.m. 
How to get there: MTS 101 North

Prices: 
5k Fun Run $34, 10k Race $44 

Before digging into Thanksgiving dinner, get a little 
exercise and do some good for the community by 
participating in the annual Encinitas 101 Turkey 
Trot. This trot starts and finishes under the famous 
Encinitas sign, and the course runs along the 
historic 101 highway, offering views of the ocean for 
the majority of the race. You can choose to register 
either for the 5k Fun Run or the 10k race. The ma-
jority of the proceeds go to the North County Com-
munity Services Food Bank, and you’re welcome to 
bring a bag of nonperishable food items to donate 
directly to the food bank. Additionally, if you’re feel-
ing festive, there will be a costume contest during 
the 5k Fun Run — the top three costumes will 
receive cash prizes. 

—Monica McGill
Staff Writer

GIVE THANKS
around SAN DIEGO

MOTHER GOOSE PARADE TURKEY CALLING SHOW ENCINITAS 101 TURKEY TROT

Looking for something to do during this Thanksgiving that doesn’t 
involve hours of baking a dead bird? Check out these fun events!

ILLUSTRATIONS BY ELYSE YANG



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9
seeds
by tv  on  the  radio
Release Date Nov. 18

An otherwise beautiful art-rock album is undermined by a 
few ugly moments.

Unless you’re an engineering student, a B is a bit disappointing when it comes to grades. It doesn’t give you 
the satisfaction of having excelled yet it’s 
not enough to whip you into doing bet-
ter next time. Likewise, TV on the Radio 
is the master of making pretty good music 
and throwing just 
enough “whatever” 
songs into an album to 
keep it from standing 
out at the end of the 
year. Spoiler alert: the 
Brooklyn band’s fifth 
album, “Seeds,” is no 
different.

If we leave out a 
few straggling songs, 
“Seeds” is a slow, 
pretty and sometimes 
psychedelic-sounding 
album — the kind of 
thing that is most cut 
out for people on LSD, 
but wouldn’t sound 
weak or weird to the casual listener. It’s quite 
the opposite of weak and weird, actually. 
The title track in particular wobbles and 
purrs with its synthesized bass and baritone 
vocals. In this and other songs, TV on the 
Radio pulls off the feat of making a powerful 
beat without drum sounds. The bell-infused 
chorus of “Quartz” and the calming intro to 
“Ride” also pull this off beautifully, giving 
great moments of release from a band so 
heavily oriented toward percussion.

There are plenty of other highlights, 
as well, besides the well-crafted vibe and 
rhythm of the album. “Winter” knowingly 

teases the listener by withholding the beat 
for the first half of the song and “Careful 
You” features  highly danceable instrumenta-
tion behind the sweetly-phrased vocals. The 
album is especially well-executed in the way 
that it winds down from the wild “Lazerray” 
to the calming “Trouble” to the zen-esque 

closer, “Seeds.”
So what went 

wrong? The culprits 
holding back the 
band’s music this time 
around are “Could 
You,” “Test Pilot” and 
“Love Stained.” These 
three hold some of the 
most upbeat feels on 
the album, and in the 
past, TVOTR has had 
some shining examples 
of up-tempo rock (see 
their 2006 hit “Wolf 
Like Me”). But “Wolf 
Like Me” was tightly 

produced and truly 
exciting. “Could You” tries to do this like 
an uncle who thinks he’s fun but just drones 
on and drinks a little too much at family 
reunions. “Test Pilot,” meanwhile, borrows 
its melody from some more annoying pop 
songs on the radio and “Love Stained” tries 
to hold itself up on such a flimsy beat while 
the rest of the album is so strong in compari-
son. If TVOTR knew where to make cuts, 
then it could make great albums instead of 
just great efforts.

— Kyle  Somers
A&E associate editor

veneer
by september  girls
Release Date Nov. 24

Dublin-based girl group reiterates its gloomy yet 
redundant EP.

ALBUM  REVIEW

Hallucinatory and shadowy composi-tions are a strange element for any band but are perfectly suitable for 
September Girls. Hailing from the coast of 
Ireland, the young band established in 2011 
grasps noise-induced punk tones and imple-
ments them within its newest release, “Veneer.” 
It’s almost impossible to 
listen to September Girls 
without wanting to vio-
lently move your body to 
the rhythmic yet drowsy 
beats they embrace 
within each song. Despite 
the fact that it is only four 
songs and many vocals 
and guitar melodies 
become redundant, their 
newest EP is harmoni-
cally engaging.

Having released 
only a couple of EPs and 
one full-length album, 
September Girls have 
not branched too far away 
from their roots. “Veneer,” the title song and 
single off of the EP, resembles “Green Eyed,” a 
release from 2012, in that the guitar’s intensity is 
slowly built as the song progresses. Along with 
the guitar, four members of the quintet continue 
to provide vocals for intricate songs like these 
on both previous releases and this album, add-
ing a wide spectrum of euphonious sounds. 

“Veneer” also sounds a lot like “Black Oil” 
and “Butterflies,” two other songs off of the EP. 
All three songs have overwhelmingly enunci-
ated cymbal crashes on the drums, dirty guitar 
melodies and echoic vocals that virtually make 
the short EP sound like one long song. This 

is a substandard feature to the album because 
it doesn’t allow the band to showcase all of its 
musical attributes. Although September Girls’ 
previous album, “Cursing the Sea,” was a full-
length album, it encapsulated a great deal of 
different vibes, ranging from beachy to urban 
punk. Seeing as there are only four songs that 

make up this distorted 
EP, each song should 
embody different tones, 
rhythms and vibes.

Obscure beach tunes 
are to be expected from 
September Girls, but un-
fortunately, the only song 
that contains the rugged, 
relaxed tone is “Melato-
nin.” The atmospheric 
sound of this single song 
is enough to draw any 
skeptic listener to click 
and play more of their 
music. To many listeners’ 
dismay, they will find 

that the rest of the EP 
does not account to the same style they heard 
but rather is a fuzzy and heavier swirl of songs.

The musicality that September Girls present 
is not up to par with their previous releases. 
However, the discomfort that each song pres-
ents is somehow enthralling. The overpowering 
guitar throbs and theatrical vocals craft the EP 
in a peculiar way. It does just enough to reiterate 
their minor-key zest and relaxed vibe. 

—    Alex  Diaz
contributing writer

ALBUM  REVIEW

COURTESY OF WME ENTERTAINMENT
USED WITH PERMISSION FROM BIG HASSLE MEDIA



10 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D Ay,  N o v e m b e R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . o R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

crossword

ACROSS 
 1  Sweetheart
 6  Volvo rival
 10 Double agent
 14 Post fresh troops
 15 “M*A*S*H” star
 16 Actor Estrada
 17 Overdo the drama
 18 Welfare
 19 Kidder’s “Superman” role
 20 Patient’s complaint
 23 False name
 24 Thalia’s sister
 25 Hot tub
 27 Climbs on
 31 In the crow’s-nest
 35 Island near Java
 38 Seldom seen
 39 Start of physician’s reply
 42 Hitch
 43 Major following?
 44 Below, poetically
 45 Meal
 47 Thurman of films
 49 Defense grp.
 52 Steps
 57 End of physician’s reply
 60 Icahn or Sagan
 61 1982 Disney flick
 62 Musical exercise piece
 63 Watch face
 64 Aaron or Williams
 65 Song from “West Side 

Story”
 66 Last word in a threat
 67 Dates
 68 __ we a pair?

  

DOWN 
 1  Author Adler
 2  Detroit dud
 3  Exxon rival
 4  Metz morning
 5  Other side’s agent
 6  Cut, as wood
 7  Motrin alternative
 8  Oil-well firefighter Red
 9  Vinegar choice
 10 Capital of Victoria
 11 Dental exam?
 12 Subway route
 13 Squeeze (out)
 21 Rascal
 22 Robert or Lance
 26 Touch against
 28 Granny
 29 Lively pace
 30 Third son
 31 Pre-1991 atlas abbr.
 32 Johnnycake
 33 Snare
 34 Specialized cell structure
 36 ABA member
 37 Stead
 40 Promises to marry
 41 Bete noire
 46 Wok sauce
 48 NYC arena
 50 Nimbi
 51 Certain bee
 53 Perfume from petals
 54 Harden
 55 French sculptor
 56 Elbow grease
 57 Spinnaker or spanker
 58 Historic stretches
 59 Pen fills
 60 B-F connection

#UCSDNEWS
#NOFILTERS @ucsdguardian

#FOLLOW US

LECTURE
NOTES

NOW OPEN!
An A.S. enterprise that pays 

student note-takers to take notes 
for a variety of courses. Current 
Notes (note-taker is in the class) 
are sold on a subscription basis 

and are available for pick up every 
Monday morning.

Archive Notes (from a previous 
quarter) are pre-ordered and the 

entire quarter's notes are available in 
a bound packet.

HOURS OF OPERATION
Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm

Occasional Sat: 10am-2pm

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu

Located o
n Level 1 

at the Stu
dent Cent

er



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

alongside junior middle blocker Ka-
meron Cooper, who had 13 kills and 
freshman middle blocker Alyssa Mc-
Neely, who had 12. Sierks added a dou-
ble-double with 43 assists and 10 digs, 
bringing her season total to 21. 

“We came into the match focused 
and ready to play,” UCSD head coach 
Ricci Luyties told the UCSD Athletic 
Department. “Even though we started 
down early, we didn’t get rattled. It was 
nice to see everyone respond to their 
good plays with confidence and know 
that our time would come.”

The win marked the second time 
in the year the Tritons swept Monterey 
Bay; the first time was at RIMAC Are-
na on Oct. 10. 

“Everyone came up big in crunch 

time,” Luyties said. “They really played 
together as a team tonight.”

UCSD ended the season tied for 
sixth in the CCAA but did not place 
in the top eight in the NCAA’s Western 
Region, effectively ending the Tritons’ 
2014 campaign. 

“We didn’t finish how we wanted,” 
Luyties told the UCSD Guardian. 
“We’re always striving for the playoffs 
and we lost a lot of close sets and some 
things didn’t go our way, but we played 
hard all year.”

Brenton and junior outside hit-
ter Danielle Dahle were recognized 
by the CCAA for their performances 
this year. Brenton was selected for All-
CCAA First Team honors. She led the 
Tritons with 337 kills, a kill-per-set av-
erage of 3.30, a hitting average of .254 
and in points with 409.5 this season 

— placing fourth in kills and points 
and fifth in points-per-set for the en-
tire CCAA. Dahle was noted as an 
honorable mention, holding second in 
kills with 278 and 310 points with nine 
double-doubles in 2014 while surpass-
ing her 1,000th kill mark. 

As Brenton is the only senior, most 
of the team is expected to return for the 
2015 season next fall. 

“We’re getting a lot of players 
back next year,” Luyties told the 
UCSD Guardian. “We’ve got a whole 
new team coming in and a lot of the 
players who were redshirted this year 
will make us a lot more competitive 
next year.”

of 56 goals and 40 steals. Stiling was 
also recently named the WWPA Player 
of the Year for the second time in his 
collegiate career. 

“We rely on the senior leadership,” 
Harper said. “All of these guys have 
been through plenty of these wars and 
they know just how difficult this is.” 

Senior goalkeeper Cameron Ra-
vanbach, who was also named to the 
All-WWPA First Team, will also man 
the cage, hoping to maintain the stal-
wart presence he has been all season. 
Under Ravanbach, UCSD holds the 
league’s best goals allowed per game 
(6.23) statistic on the season. 

“I try to focus on the week of 
practice, try to visualize gameplay,” 
Ravanbach told the UCSD Guardian. 
“One of my main goals is to shoot for 
conference tournament MVP because 
I know that if I get that, we win the 
tournament.” 

The Tritons are by and large the top 
squad to beat. Coming in as the second 
seed is No. 14 UC Davis, who UCSD 
defeated 10–6 in their one meeting this 
season. In the third seed is Air Force, 
who lost to our blue and gold in con-
vincing fashion by a 17–7 result in their 
single matchup. 

The Tritons also beat fourth-seeded 
Loyola Marymount twice on the year 
(7–2, 9–7), while defeating Santa Clara 
University (11–8) and California Bap-
tist University (12–9) each once. De-
spite the undefeated league record and 
the clear favorite for the conference 
crown, UCSD is wary of entering the 
tournament with complacency. 

“We’re going to be confident, but 
definitely not cocky.” Ravanbach said. 
“Everybody is going to come after us, 
and we know that this is going to be a 
battle. You think we’re going to come 
out on top, but at the same time it’s not 
going to be a trip to Baskin’ Robbins.” 

As for beyond the WWPAs, the Tri-

tons intend to stay focused on what is 
at hand. UCSD looks to make an im-
pact on the ultra-competitive national 
stage, especially with NCAA Cham-
pionships held at home this year, but 
qualifying for competition has yet to be 
guaranteed. Without a first-place finish 
this coming weekend, the Tritons will 
be forced to watch the NCAAs from 
the stands. 

“There’s nothing better than being 
able to host a national championship at 
your own pool,” Ravanbach said. “With 
us having such a good year so far, it’s 
like the stars aligning being able to po-
tentially have a huge upset and get to 
that championship game. It’s a great 
incentive to push through conference 
and host.” 

The Tritons opening semifinal 
match will start at 11:15 a.m. on Satur-
day, Nov. 22. 

Supe
rhero

 Cele
brati

on

FREE FOR ALL UCSD UNDERGRADS
NOVEMBER 21, 3-6PM, MATTHEWS QUAD

Churros
El Tigre

Little
Caesars

Delicioso
Catering

Food Truck
Kettle

Masters 
Kettle Korn

WWPA Champion Will Qualify Earn NCAA Tournament Berth
▶ M. WATER POLO, from page 12

Tritons Fail to Qualify for Postseason after Disappointing Season
▶ W. VOLLEYBALL, from page 12

CLUB  SPORTS

Table Tennis: On Saturday, Nov. 16, the UCSD club table tennis team 
attended its first tournament at the Los Angeles Table Tennis Association, 
hosted by UCLA. Varsity won third place in the tournament while senior 
Johnny Cheung, junior Khoi Nguyen, graduate Jinhui Yan and sophomore 
Jason Qiu had standout performances over their respective opponents. 
JV1 achieved second place in the tournament and lost only to UCLA while 
JV2 came in fourth. Senior Carson Cheung and senior Liu Pei Hong had 
especially difficult matches but performed very well. The women’s team also 
placed fourth in its division. 

COMPILED BY BRITTNEY VIERRA

Ultimate Frisbee: The UCSD women’s club ultimate frisbee team traveled to 
California State University, Long Beach for the Jive Turkeys tournament last 
weekend and saw wins over the host team and the University of Redlands. 
The team was large enough to split into two teams, X and Y, for the early 
rounds, but merged for the final round.  UCSD dominated every round of the 
tournament and recorded zero losses over the duration, ultimately winning 
the entire tournament in the final round in another match against Long 
Beach.

Roller Hockey: The Tritons’ club roller hockey team continued its undefeated 
streak against rivals University of Arizona, Chico State University and 
defending National Collegiate Roller Hockey Association Division-II 
champion, California State University Fullerton. UCSD this improved its 
overall record to 9–0 this year. 

Lacrosse: UCSD club lacrosse hosted the Triton Play Day last weekend with 
participants coming from as far as the Philippine Islands. The Tritons faced 
local rival Cal State San Marcos for the first game of the day, ultimately tying 
with the Cougars. The Filipino National team beat the Tritons in a close 
match to end the day. 

Equestrian: The UCSD Western Equestrian Team travelled to California 
State Polytechnic University, Pomona last weekend for the Zone 8 Region 2 
Intercollegiate Horse Show Association horse show. Competitors included 
students from Cal Poly Pomona, Arizona State University, University of 
Arizona and Mt. San Antonio College. Several schools brought horses to 
be used in the competition; riders randomly selected the horses they would 
ride for their sessions before competing on them without warming up. On 
Saturday morning, sophomore Allison Oseas took home the sixth place 
ribbon in the intermediate division and she placed seventh in the afternoon 
show. 

readers can contact
  brandon  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
  john  story     jstory@ucsd.edu 



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  2 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

MEN'S  WATER  POLO

UCSD Begins Postseason with WWPAs
Tritons will enter tournament as No. 1 seed, automatically advance to semifinals. 

WOMEN'S  VOLLEYBALL

Tritons Conclude Season
Volleyball splits on the road in final pair of matches. 

Holding a pristine 6–0 record in 
conference play, the No. 6 UCSD men’s 
water polo team will open up its post-
season as the top seed in the Western 
Water Polo Association Champion-
ships hosted by Loyola Marymount 
University this Friday, Nov. 21 through 
Sunday, Nov. 23. With the first seed, 
the Tritons have secured a first-round 
bye and will automatically compete in 
the semifinals against the lowest-seed-
ed team that advances. 

“If everybody even remotely does 
their job, we’re going to get our 17th 
championship,” UCSD head coach 
Denny Harper said. “The feeling is that 
we’re better than everybody else. With 
that said, it’s going to be a challenge, as 

it always is.” 
A strong and substantial class of 

eight seniors will lead the Tritons as 
they embark on what hopes to be a 
long postseason journey. Among the 

veterans is senior utility Josh Stiling, 
who has been dominant on both ends 
of the pool all season, with team highs 

BY  bran don  yu
sports editor             

Women’s volleyball ended the sea-
son this past weekend with mixed re-
sults. The Tritons fell 3–1 on Friday to 
California State University East Bay but 
won the following day in a sweep over 
California State University Monterey 
Bay. UCSD ended the regular season at 
14–12 overall and 12–10 in the Califor-
nia Collegiate Athletic Association.  

Even with senior opposite Caitlin 
Brenton’s 18 kills, the Tritons could 
not power through East Bay’s hitting 
advantage. The Pioneers averaged .256 
on the night to just .190 averaged by 
UCSD. The Tritons won the first set 
25-19, dropped the following two and 
were just edged out 29–27 in the final 
set for the Pioneer win, despite outhit-

ting them .231 to .226. 
In addition to Brenton’s stand-

out performance, junior setter Heidi 
Sierks earned her 20th double-double 
of the 2014 season with 39 assists and 
17 digs while sophomore outside hit-
ter Makensie Bates tallied 22 digs, and 
freshman outside hitter Amanda Colla 
had 13 kills and 10 digs. 

Saturday’s victory at The Kelp Bed 
was the closing match of the 2014 sea-
son and marked a three-game straight 
sweep over Cal State Monterey Bay. 
UCSD easily commanded the offensive 
advantage through all three sets, hit-
ting .317 compared to the Otter’s .262 
on the night. 

Brenton continued her kill streak 

BY jo h n  sto ry 
associate sports editor             

See W. VOLLEYBALL, page 11

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

See M. WATER POLO, page 11

Ready for Action
Women’s Team: After abruptly ending its season due to a monumental collapse in the open-
ing game of the conference playoffs last year, the 2014–2015 women’s basketball squad is back 
with a vengeance. The team has started off strong, as it kicked off the regular season with a bang 
last week via an overtime victory against University of Mary. While the Tritons have a long road 
ahead of them, the two games played thus far (one exhibition, one competitive) have registered 
a promising outlook. After losing senior starters in forward Erin Dautremont and guard Megan 
Perry, a new set of Tritonsalready appear ready to emerge as the leaders of the coming season. 

Senior guard Miranda Seto, the leading scorer last season, is already looking to elevate her game 
even further. Seto had a stellar shooting performance against the exhibition game against No. 6 
Stanford, tallying a game-high 24 points and racking up a team-high 20 points in the win over 
University of Mary. Freshman guard Taylor Tanita has also recorded impressive numbers in only 
her first two collegiate starts this year. Tanita’s offensive abilities may prove crucial down the 
stretch to lighten the load on Seto’s back. Senior guard Stephanie Yano returns to reprise her role 
as a routine playmaker and senior forward McKennan Bertsch will be relied on for her fair share 
of buckets. Perhaps most pressing is the Tritons’ lack of presence in the paint. While UCSD has 
always been an outside-shooting team, senior center Dana Webster will need to step up down low 
to maintain a larger presence for the undersized Tritons. 

Men’s Team: With the new season upon us, the UCSD men’s basketball team returns to the 
court with a returning core lineup and numerous new faces. Losing the team’s leading scorer 
James McCann and the team’s leading rebounder MacKenzie McCullough to graduation, the 
Tritons will have large shoes to fill this upcoming season. 

Taking the reigns as team leader will most likely be junior forward Drew Dyer. Last season, 
Dyer averaged 12.2 points and 5.6 rebounds while also performing when it mattered most, 
hitting a buzzer-beating shot at Chico State. Sophomore guard Adam Klie will also be met 
with high expectations. The California Collegiate Athletic Association Freshman of the Year 
averaged 10.1 points and 3.7 in 28 minutes of play and is expect to see more minutes and 
build on his stellar first season. Junior guard Hunter Walker, who posted 9.2 points and 4.7 
rebounds while also leading the team in blocks and second in steals, looks to have another 
breakout season. Freshmen guards George Buaku and Grant Jackson will have ample oppor-
tunities to prove that they, despite their inexperience, can each assume the role of a facilitating 
point guard, while junior guard Aleks Lipovic will be at the other end of those passes for a 
three-pointer, shooting consistently well last year, making 145 from beyond the arc on a team 
high 0.434.

Coaches: Eric Olen returns in his second season as head coach after spending the previous 
nine years as an assistant for the Tritons. Last season, Olen led the Tritons to a 15–11 season, 
just one game shy of making the CCAA playoffs. The Tritons were predicted to finish 11th 
in conference last season but finished at a well-deserved seventh place.  Joining Olen as first 
year assitant coaches will be former Triton Clint Allard and Brendan Clowry. Allard spent 
the past two seasons as an assistant head coach at Cal Poly Pomona, where the Broncos went 
41–10 during his stint. Brendan Clowry most recently was an assistant coach at Point Loma 
Nazarene University in San Diego. 

Coaches: Heidi VanDerveer returns for her third straight season as the UCSD head coach. 
VanDerveer, who has built up an illustrious resume in coaching, no doubt has the knowledge, 
experience and leadership skills to push the Tritons to a better finish than last season. While she 
led UCSD to a solid 22–11 record and second-place finish in conference during her first year, last 
season’s bitter postseason exit appeared as a disappointing finish. Betsy Butterick and Chelsea 
Carlisle will return as assistant coaches, while recent Point Loma Nazarene University graduate 
Savannah Erskine will join VanDerveer’s staff this season as the third assistant coach. 

Outlook: With a more than capable returning squad, the Tritons have potential to do seri-
ous damage in the 2014–2015 campaign. While a preseason poll pegged UCSD to finish fourth 
in conference standings, the squad can easily exceed such expectations. While last year’s 
league title-winner Cal Poly Pomona looks poised to repeat, there is no telling what upsets the 
Tritons can manufacture this year. 

readers can contact
  brandon  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 

 daniel  sung     d2sung@ucsd.edu 

As they begin their seasons, the men’s and women’s basketball teams look poised to have a strong year.
BY BRANDON YU & DANIEL SUNG  SPORTS EDITOR & ASSOCIATE EDITOR// DESIGN BY JOSELYNN ORDAZ // PHOTOS BY ALWIN SZETO

Swim & Dive
W. Basketball
M. Basketball

M. Water Polo
Cross Country

  11/20
   11/21
   11/22
   11/22
   11/22

AT A3 Performance Invite
AT Seattle Pacific
AT Cal Poly Pomona
AT WWPA Championships
AT NCAA West Regionals

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

Outlook: With so many new faces and such a young team, the Tritons will have its fair 
share of struggles early on in the season. However, the Tritons will show glimpses of the 
strong team they can become for the next few years. Despite being predicted to finish 
ninth in conference this season, it will not be surprising to see Olen and his team exceed 
expectations again in a race to make the postseason as the underdogs of the conference.

BASKETBALL  SEASON  PREVIEW




