
OUR ENDORSEMENTS P. 4 
CANDIDATE PROFILES P. 6

A LOOK AT 
BOTH SIDES

Voting for UCSD’s 2014–15 
A.S. Council begins today. 
Students can vote for A.S. 
president, vice presidents 
and senators on TritonLink 

this week, April 7 to April 11.  

ELECTION  WEEK

WIN  STREAK  AT  SEVEN

2014   A.S.    Endorsements

Tritons  sweep  Cal  StatE   L.A.

Opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

MONDAY
H 85 L 57

TUESDAY
H 87 L 60

WEDNESDAY
H 89 L 58

THURSDAY
H 82 L 56

FORECAST

INSIDE
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Endorsements ................. 4
A.S. Candidate Profiles .... 6
Sports ........................... 12

FeATURES,  PAGE  6

PHOTO BY SIDDHARTH ATRE/GUARDIAN

 THE A.S. COUNCIL ELECTION VOTER GUIDE

New History  
Course 
Awaits DEI
Approval

ACADEMICS

BY Yan   Gao 
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

The UCSD history department has 
added a new course — HITO 155: 
Race, Sports and Inequality in the 20th 
Century — to its spring curriculum. 
Although the department initially 
claimed that the course fulfills UCSD’s 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Requirement for graduation, it is 
still pending approval, and students 
currently enrolled will not receive the 
DEI fulfillment for Spring Quarter 
2014. 

Originally, the history department 
sent out an email on Tuesday, April 2 
to all UCSD students promoting the 
new course and stated that it fulfills 
UCSD’s DEI requirement. However, 
this was a miscommunication between 
the faculty and staff, as the faculty did 
not approve the course for the DEI 
requirement yet.
The history department notified 
students enrolled in the course of this 
change on Friday, April 4. However, 
students who are not enrolled were 
not informed.

Currently, the Educational Policy 
Committee is reviewing the course 
and deciding on whether or not it 
fulfills the DEI requirement. The 
committee expects the decision to be 
finalized in May or June of 2014.
The students currently taking HITO 
155 will not be able to fulfill the DEI 
requirement this quarter with this 
class. However, if EPC later approves 
the course for DEI fulfillment, students 
will receive the credit retroactively.

UCSD history professors Daniel 
Widener and Robert S. Edelman are 
instructing the class this quarter with 
an emphasis on race and inequality 
within the sports industry in the 
20th century.

According to the history 
department’s email, the course will 
cover the “patterns of exclusion and 
participation” with a focus on African 
Americans, Latinos and Native 
Americans. In addition, the latter part 
of the course will integrate a global 
perspective analyzing racial inequality 
and address the “multibillion dollar 
world of American sports [that] is 
shaped fundamentally by racial and 
ethnic matters.”

Undergraduate Student Affairs 
Coordinator Maggie Tilley worked 
closely with the history department to 
promote the new course.

“I think it will actually draw in more 
students to the history major because 
[the course includes] race, sport and 
inequality,” Tilley said. “I think a lot of 
students on campus are interested in 
sports [which would] draw in athletes 
and attract more students.”

The class runs on Tuesdays and 
Thursdays from 9:30 a.m. to 10:50 a.m. 
at Sequoyah Lecture Hall 148.

Teaching assistants across all UC campuses participated in a strike organized by the United Auto Workers demanding 
the elimination of the 18-quarter restriction and reducing class size. Above, TAs protest in front of Geisel Library.

Slate Heads Debate Campus Issues
A.S. COUNCIL

BY  andrew  huang  senior staff wriiter

Presidential candidates Kyle Heiskala of Let’s Act! and Robby Boparai of Tritons 
Forward debated transportation, Sun God and spending at Price Center Plaza. 

A.S. Council representative candidates have started wrapping up their campaigns in preparation for the Week 2 elections starting 
April 7. Both slates’ last major campaign event was the 
A.S. presidential debate between Let’s Act! candidate 
Kyle Heiskala and Tritons Forward candidate Robby 
Boparai, held on Thursday, April 3. 

The debate covered the most important issues facing 
the next council, including UC Student Association 
membership, Sun God and student involvement. 
Although both candidates agree on the need for 
greater student outreach and cooperation with college 
councils, they differ greatly on several, key issues.

Heiskala addressed the recent criticisms of UCSA, 
stating that he sees its potential to be effective and 
that reform discussions are going in a good direction. 
He also believes that the biggest issue is that there is 
too much focus on the current structure of UCSA 
rather than on giving power to the students. 

Boparai took a harder stance against UCSA and 
how it operates, citing its large distance from UCSD 
as the reason for the strained and disconnected 
relations between the two institutions. Boparai 
assured that the Office of External Affairs would be 
strongly committed to catering to the interests of all 
UCSD students. 

CAMPUS

UC System Releases Campus Climate Report
The results of a survey, conducted on all nine University of California campuses 
finds Jewish, Muslim students report feeling the most uncomfortable at UCSD.

See DEBATE, page 3

The results of UCSD’s Campus 
Climate Survey were released 
on March 19, 2014 and indicate, 
among other things, that Jewish 
and Muslim students feel the 
most uncomfortable on campus of 
religious groups. 

According to ASUCSD VP 
External Vanessa Garcia, former 
UC President Mark Yudof 
commissioned a systemwide campus 
survey for the first time in 2012, 
based on recommendations from 
the President’s Advisory Council 
on Campus Climate, Culture and 
Inclusion. 

“The Campus Climate survey 
was made in regards to a series 
of disturbing and offensive events 
at several UC campuses,” Garcia 

said. “UCSD’s 2010 Compton 
Cookout was a huge catalyst to the 
systemwide creation of the survey. 
This event showed a clear need 
to survey all members of the UC 
community, and access how campus 
environment can affect a person’s 
ability to work and learn.”

Concluding on March 29, 
2013, the survey covered a wide 
range of issues, including how 
“comfortable” students of several 
religious groups felt around campus. 
Jewish respondents had the lowest 
percentage of people that were 
comfortable or very comfortable 
overall, although more Jewish 
students were comfortable in class 
and work units specifically than 
were others.

Garcia believes that the survey is a 
good first step to improving campus 
inclusion but she also questions 
the reliability of the results since 

only 27 percent of the UC system’s 
total community participated in 
the survey — and only 24 percent 
responded at UCSD itself.

Sam Hauss, the president of 
UCSD’s Union of Jewish Students, 
points out that the survey took 
place in the midst of the heated 
Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions 
against Israel debate and that the 
high tensions at the time generally 
do not reflect those of the school. 

“UJS tends to stay out of political 
debates,” Hauss said. “For the 
most part, we have good working 
relationships with different student 
groups on campus.”

After the largely unpopular Fall 
Quarter 2014 schedule changes 
to accommodate the Jewish High 
Holidays, Hauss coauthored a 
resolution, which A.S passed, 

BY an drew  h uang
senior staff writer

See SURVEY, page 3
readers can contact

Yan   Gao     Yag016@ucsd.edu 

OVERHEARD

When you’re in a 
hunt, every game 
means something, 
and they don’t get 
less important as the 
season goes on.”

-Eric Newman
UCSD BASEBALL HEAD COACH

SPORTS, PAGE 12

“

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO /GUARDIAN

PHOTOS BY SIDDHARTH ATRE & TAYLOR SANDERSON /GUARDIAN

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 43            MONDAY, APRIL 7, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Dorothy has hormones because 
of Kelvin.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Zoe McCracken, Amber Shroyer 

Copy Readers
Clara Chao, Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Emily Bender, Rosina Garcia, Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

VOTE FOR YOUR
A.S. LEADERS

FOR MORE INFORMATION,
VISIT AS.UCSD.EDU/ELECTIONS

OR CONTACT
ASELECTIONS@UCSD.EDU

ON TRITONLINK.UCSD.EDU
FROM APRIL 7 - 11

SCIENCE  AND  TECHNOLOGY

Study Finds Signs of  Autism in Early Stages of  Pregnancy
UCSD researchers discover that autistic children are missing key genetic markers in the cerebral cortex.

A recent study led by professor of 
neurosciences and Director of the 
UCSD Autism Center of Excellence 
Eric Courchesne and Doctor Ed 
S. Lein of the Allen Institute for 
Brain Science in Seattle reveals the 
possibility that autism can arise 
during a baby’s early development in 
the womb.

The New England Journal of 
Medicine published the findings of 
the study in its March 27 online 
edition, detailing how the researchers 
analyzed over 25 different genes in 
brain tissues of children with and 
without autism post-mortem.

Some of the specifically chosen 
genes acted as biomarkers for brain-
cell types in distinct layers of the 
cortex. These genes are known as 
control genes. 

In early brain development, the 
brain cells in each cortical layer 
develop into specific types, each with 
a unique pattern of brain connectivity 
that plays an essential role in 
processing information. 

The researchers analyzed the 
six layers of the cortex for any 
abnormalities in the early development 
of these brain cells in each specific 
cortical layer. They discovered that 
in children with autism, vital genetic 
markers were missing in brain cells of 
multiple cortical layers.

“This defect,” Courchesne said 
in an April 3 UCSD News Center 
article, “indicates that the crucial early 
developmental step of creating six 
distinct layers with specific types of 
brain cells — something that begins 
in prenatal life — had been disrupted.”

The lack of such genetic markers 
greatly affects the frontal cortex and 
the temporal cortex of the brain, giving 

insight into why autistic individuals 
display a different array of symptoms. 
The frontal cortex is crucial to 
communication and understanding of 
social cues while the temporal cortex 
pertains to language.

However, the visual cortex that 
is associated with perception and is 
usually not affected by autism shows 
no signs of the disruptions found in 
the frontal and temporal cortices. 

Due to the findings of the study, 
scientists have come closer to 
discovering what may trigger autism 
to develop, a task that often requires 
scientists to study adult brains.

“The fact that we were able to 
find these patches is remarkable,” 
Lein said. “This suggests that these 
abnormalities are quite pervasive 
across the surface of the cortex.”

Although the researchers have yet to 
discover the cause of why the defects 
occur, they stressed the significance 

of the fact that the defects were 
found at focal patches of the cortex, 
indicating that the abnormalities are 
not uniform throughout the cortex. 

“The finding that these defects 
occur in patches rather than across 
the entirety of cortex gives hope as 
well as insight about the nature of 
autism,” Courchesne said.

Since the defects occur in patches, 
the study supports the notion 
that the brains of young, autistic 
children can rewire connections 
to make up for the losses in early 
development. It also explains why 
toddlers diagnosed with autism 
show immediate improvement upon 
early treatment — a result that has 
scientists hopeful of answering the 
question of how the recovery of 
these connections occur.
 

BY  karen  to
senior staff writer

readers can contact
Karen  to     kato16@ucsd.edu 



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

that condemned the decision and 
the administration’s failure to 
consider student input. He cited the 
alienation many Jewish students felt 
following the announcement and 
seeks to reform the UC’s religious 
accommodation policies. The 
resolution passed unanimously on 

Feb. 5. 
UCSD’s Muslim Student 

Association also responded to the 
climate survey results, which state 
that Muslim students were more 
likely to be “very comfortable” 
overall, although less so in specific 
departments and classes.

“The Muslim Student Association 
stands in solidarity with all oppressed 

people of the world,” it said. “We’re 
for inclusive practices and for the end 
to bigotry. We have also advocated 
for sensitivity training for faculty and 
staff in order to improve relationships 
between students and faculty to foster 
a better learning environment.”

As for issues on campus, Heiskala 
wants to emphasize student safety 
at the Sun God Festival and make 
sure local health systems aren’t 
overburdened. He also believes 
that there are a lot of great ideas 
for improving the parking situation 
at UCSD, including a continued bus 
program and parking availability 
sensors, that need more revenue to 
be effective.

Boparai also planned to focus on 
making sure the Sun God Festival 
continued to receive sufficient 
funding from A.S. Council. He 
noted that although student health 
and safety was a top priority, he also 
wants to make sure that the event 
is “at the same caliber as it has 
been in the past.” With regards to 
campus parking, he stressed the need 

to reduce UCSD’s Transportation 
Services’ revenue deficit and to make 
sure that the administration takes the 
ASUCSD MOVES office seriously. 
Additionally, he thinks that the Greek 
community is expanding and should 
be granted Greek housing. Contrarily, 
Heiskala believes that this problem is 
secondary to many other issues.

Later, Heiskala expressed 
enthusiasm for working together with 
everyone on A.S. Council and the 
six college councils — focusing on 
effective communication rather than 
on petty conflicts. Boparai expanded 
on this issue, saying that A.S. Council 
needs to get more student input and 
find out what people need to make 
the best decisions. Boparai also said 
that all A.S. senators needed to be 
accountable and work past conflicts. 
He notes that it isn’t productive if 
college councils feel attacked.

One final point Boparai made 
was the need to innovate the 
A.S. budget to give students the 
necessary resources to succeed. 
Boparai suggested implementing an 
A.S. coffee cart or dining hall to 
raise additional revenue, to which 
Heiskala responded that the coffee 
market on campus is already too 
saturated. 

Although both candidates 
resolved to unite the student body 
and capitalize on UCSD’s passions 
and traditions to make change 
happen, Let’s Act! focuses on 
maintaining UCSD’s traditions and 
uniqueness while Tritons Forward 
primarily aims to find new revenue 
sources and represent a diverse 
group of students.

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.
Thursday, March 27
5:23 a.m.: Suspicious Person
A transient lay in front of a door at 
UCTR 965 and refused to move. Field 
interview administered.
9:26 a.m.: Medical Aid
The subject was found unconscious 
but breathing, having possibly been 
exposed to toxic gas after accidentally 
cutting into the Engineering Building 
I’s ventilation system. Transported to 
hospital, building evacuated.
11:39 p.m.: Welfare Check
According to a Scripps Memorial 
security officer, a subject was yelling 
suicidal threats on Voigt Bridge. 
Transported to parent.

Friday, March 28
5:45 p.m.: Information
A tree fell by Outback Adventures, 
blocking the road but causing no 
injuries. Information only.
9:02 p.m.: Drunk in Public
Several minors were found consuming 
alcohol near Porter’s Pub. Closed by 
adult citation, one transported to detox.

Saturday, March 29
9:27 p.m.: Noise Disturbance
Multiple children were running 
around and screaming at the La Jolla 
Del Sol apartments. Will cooperate.

Sunday, March 30
10:40 p.m.: Marijuana Contact
There was a reported smell of 
marijuana near Stewart Hall. 
Information only. 

Monday, March 31
12:29 a.m.: Medical Aid
A subject experienced stomach 
pains in the Revelle Apartments. 
Transported to hospital.
12:39 p.m.: Animal Call
A small dog was left inside a vehicle at 
Lot 406. Checks OK.
1:39 p.m.: Found Narcotics

Narcotics were turned into the UCSD 
Police lost and found. Report taken.
2:16 p.m.: Information
According to a passerby, a vehicle 
had a broken window in Lot 702. 
Information only.

Tuesday, April 1
1:23 a.m.: Suspicious Circumstances
Two subjects were reportedly running 
from Lot 359 after what sounded like 
a window breaking. Field interview 
administered, Checks OK.
8:25 a.m.: Injury
A subject slipped and suffered a 
knee injury in the Mesa Day Care. 
Transported to hospital.
10:15 p.m.: Citizen Contact
An unknown person locked a bicycle 
to the reporting party’s bicycle near 
Geisel Library. Information only.

Wednesday, April 2
5:44 a.m.: Medical Aid
The subject passed out and suffered 
a head injury in Africa Hall. 
Transported to hospital.

Thursday, April 3
3:18 a.m.: Drunk in Public
A Community Service Officer 
attempted to wake up a subject 
sleeping near Burger King. Field 
interview administered.
10:40 a.m.: Non-injury Accident
An 18-wheeler truck hit a parked 
pickup truck near Lot 507. Report 
taken.
1:27 p.m.: Information
A student accidentally pressed a 
Housing and Dining security alarm. 
Information only.
8:35 p.m.: Suspicious Person
The suspect removed a hubcap from 
the victim’s vehicle at Lot 701. Report 
taken.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

Prior to Elections, Both Candidates Stressed Student Involvement
▶ DEBATE, from page 1

Jewish and Muslim Students Respond to Climate Survey Results
▶ SURVEY, from page 1

readers can contact
Andrew  Huang     aehuang@ucsd.edu  

readers can contact
Andrew  Huang     aehuang@ucsd.edu 

WRITE  •  DESIGN  •  ILLUSTRATE  •  PHOTOGRAPH  •  ADVERTISE  •  MARKET

   INFORMATION SESSION
Friday, April 11, 5 P.M. Guardian Office (Second Floor of the Old Student Center) 

Want to know more? facebook.com/ucsdguardian

SHOW US WHAT YOU’VE GOT.



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

ENDORSEMENTS

PRESIDENT

ROBBY BOPARAI TRITONS FORWARD
W ith the broad spectrum of issues that next year’s A.S. Council will face, our campus needs a president that can bring UCSD forward. With upcoming uncertainty about the 
Sun God Festival and campus transportation capabilities, the best 
candidate is Tritons Forward head Robby Boparai. Boparai, a third 
year Earl Warren College human biology major, has the plans, the 
skills and the experience needed to lead UCSD into 2015.

Boparai’s political experience comes from his extensive work in 
Academic Affairs. He served on A.S. Council this past year as the 
Associate Vice President of Academic Affairs 
and previously served as director of Academic 
Affairs for Warren College Student Council. 
As a member of the A.S. Bylaws Committee, 
Boparai worked to ensure fairness in elections 
and accountability for council members.

Internal issues marred the first few months 
of the 2013–2014 council, but Boparai pledges 
to forego slate politics and will work with all 
the members of council regardless of current affiliations. His choice 
of slate members shows his commitment to ensuring that a diverse 
group of voices are heard on the fourth floor of Price Center. 

Boparai has already proven his ability to provide leadership and 
tangible action on campus and recognizes that there is a void to fill. 
As a member of the pre-health fraternity Phi Delta Epsilon, Boparai 
founded the Professional Fraternity Council. Next year, he hopes 
to help A.S. Council generate internal revenue by opening an A.S.-
owned coffee cart and working on plans for an A.S.-owned dining 
hall to compete with Housing, Dining and Hospitality.

Perhaps most remarkable about Boparai is his pragmatism and 
drive to follow logic for policy advising. He recognizes the poten-
tial roadblocks in working with UC President Janet Napolitano, 
the Graduate Student Association on campus and the UC Student 
Association, but he advocates open communication with all three 
and strives to keep those relationships alive while prioritizing the 
needs of UCSD undergraduates.

Boparai recognizes the potential for all students to participate in 
challenging and changing the status quo at UCSD. “You don’t need 

to be A.S. president to make a difference on 
this campus,” he told the UCSD Guardian edi-
torial board in his interview on Friday. Student 
leadership and cooperation will come into play 
next month when Sun God Festival’s future 
may be determined by the health and respon-
sibility of students during the Week 7 event. 
Safety is the number one Sun God concern for 
Boparai, followed closely by the festival’s con-

tinuation into next year and A.S. Council’s ability to keep it fiscally 
viable for future generations of Tritons.

Strengthening campus spirit through better relations with UCSD 
Athletics and finding alternative funding sources for a potential 
move to Division I sports are key to Boparai’s plans for student life. 
But first, ensuring passage of next month’s transportation referen-
dum is the top priority for Boparai, should he take office in Week 5.

The Guardian recognizes strong leadership potential for Boparai. 
We truly believe in his priorities and plans and we endorse the 
Tritons Forward head for A.S. President in the 2014 election.

RESPONSIBILITIES
• Acts as the student body’s official 
representative and chief executive 
officer of the A.S. Council.

L et’s Act! candidate Jehoan Espinoza has the experience, the ideas and the attitude to be the first ever Vice President Campus Affairs, a position formerly known as Vice President Student 
Life. Espinoza comes from a diverse background with ties to, and an 
understanding of, many sectors of student life. His qualifications are 
also superb, with A.S. Council experience as campus-wide senator 
this past year. Throughout his three years as a student, he has been 
involved in MEChA, Multicultural Greek life, Interfraternity Greek 
life, club athletics and A.S. Council. 

To reach out to these and other communities, Espinoza 
plans on holding bi-monthly forums and improving overall A.S. 
involvement among average students. 

He served as VP external for MEChA and gained experience 
working with campus administrators as a campus-wide senator. 
As campus-wide senator, he created the Tritons for Diversity, 

Equity and Inclusion program and hopes to further institutional-
ize diversity training on campus. 

If elected as VP of Campus Affairs, Espinoza primarily hopes 
to maintain existing student traditions, such as finding a perma-
nent graffiti art space and ensuring that Sun God is continued 
in the future. In addition, he hopes to make students feel more a 
part of the campus; one of his ideas is to utilize the often-barren 
third floor of Geisel as a space for student expression. 

Another of his plans is to have a student intern serve as a 
liaison between A.S. Council and student organizations. He also 
hopes to implement a method of encouraging and supporting 
student organizations’ usage of A.S. funds in executing events. 

While Espinoza applauds council’s work this past year with 
the transportation referendum and various senator projects, an 
area where he thinks A.S. needs improvement is in its communi-
cation with college councils. He plans to further involve and col-
laborate with the college councils next year and to hold council 
members accountable with A.S. report cards.

Espinoza is equipped with the knowledge and experience for 
this job while keeping the best interests of students in mind. His 
concrete ideas and feasible plans are what the student body needs 
in their first VP of Campus Affairs.

RESPONSIBILITIES
• Works as an intermediary between students and
 administrators. 
• Serves as interim A.S. President in the case of a vacancy.

T he UCSD A.S. Council is an extremely large stu-dent governing body compared to that of other universities, but meetings often last hours, and 
members have described the ineffectiveness of their 
positions. The Bylaws Referendum solves these prob-
lems to better represent students in council and ensure 
that representatives are qualified for their positions.

The latest referendum stipulates that the elected Vice 
President Finances and Resources position become an 
appointed Financial Controller, ensuring that the person 
in charge of millions of students’ dollars is skilled and 
not merely the one with the best-campaigned slate. 

Additionally, two International Senators will be 
added to represent an important group on campus that 

is largely unrepresented in Council. International stu-
dents compose 10.8 percent of freshmen students and 
12.9 percent of incoming transfer students.

The addition of an Academic Representative 
Council adds responsibility to the Academic Senator 
positions and ensures that they are effectively serving 
the needs of their constituents. 

The bylaw changes seek to best represent and serve 
the student body, the ultimate purpose of student gov-
ernment, and we endorse this referendum.

The Graffiti Art Space Advisory Vote will not 
change anything tangibly and is not necessarily a 
deciding vote, but should display students’ need and 
desire for a space dedicated to artistic expression.

BYLAW AND GRAFFITI REFERENDA: YES

2014–15  A.S. COUNCIL

You’ll be glad to hear that the red and turquoise banners on Library Walk aren’t for 
naught; starting April 7, students can head to TritonLink to vote on candidates for the A.S. 
Council elections. Although there are just two slates now, in place of years with the myriad 
options of years past, picking between candidates (and taking more than their haircut into 
consideration) can be a daunting task. 

Fear not, because we have spent much of the past week interviewing the candidates for the 
campus-wide senator, vice-president and president positions. There were many intelligent and 
promising candidates from each slate and many difficult decisions to make, but ultimately these 
prospective leaders are all up to the job. We based our judgments on the candidates’ knowledge 
of campus issues, experience and potential to make the UCSD campus a better place.

Photos used with permission from the candidates

VICE PRESIDENT OF CAMPUS AFFAIRS

JEHOAN ESPINOZA LET’S ACT

PHOTO BY BRIAN MONROE/GUARDIAN



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

Economics major Aisha Ali of Let’s Act! 
wants to bring a louder voice to transfer 
students. A senior transfer herself, Ali is the 
current media officer for the Sixer Tritons 
and Recreation for Transfers and is big on 
advertising as a tool to increase engagement. 
She hopes that by giving much-deserved atten-
tion to the countless organizations and cam-
puswide events that exist at UCSD, students 
will have the resources they need to preserve 
their culture, especially considering the recent danger to UCSD tradi-
tions like Sun God and Graffiti Hall. Also a member of the Student 
Affirmative Action Committee, Ali wants to break through the A.S. 
bubble to create greater accessibility for transfers and international stu-
dents in order to ensure that the student voice is heard. 

VICE PRESIDENT OF 
FINANCE AND RESOURCES

IGOR GEYN
TRITONS FORWARD

L et’s Act! candidate Eden Berdugo has all the makings of a great Vice President External Affairs candidate. She has a 
clear direction for the external office and the 
experience to make these goals a reality. The 
Thurgood Marshall College junior has substan-
tial external office experience from working as 
the Campus Organizing Director and Access 
to Higher Education intern, and has a strong 
relationship with the UC Student Association 
that will help increase communication to better 
represent UCSD’s top priorities.

Berdugo has proven to be extremely knowl-
edgeable on issues facing UCSD, and brings 
deep experience as an active member of the 
current A.S. Council. Berdugo gave us specific 

examples and plans to expand the reach of the 
external office as well as thoughtful critiques 
on how the council should improve in fulfilling 
its mission. She believes that council members 
should ask more questions to engage more criti-
cally in discussions before passing unanimous 
resolutions, and that both the college councils 
and A.S. should consider workshops to increase 
communication between both parties. Berdugo 
aims to increase the accessibility of the external 
office by reaching out to the college councils to 
collaborate on their goals.

Most importantly, Berdugo is very mindful 
of what UCSD students value, while having 
the clear ideas and the activist experience to 
campaign on their behalf. She is regularly 
found leading grassroots movements through-
out campus. In Fall 2012, Berdugo was instru-
mental in organizing campus leaders to ensure 
the passage of Proposition 30. Her experience 
in campaigning for Fund the UC and IGNITE 
makes us confident in her ability to fight for 
what UCSD students want and need.

We found Berdugo to be passionate, 
approachable and ready to connect with stu-
dent leaders. We are confident that she’ll do a 
great job in advocating student needs.

VICE PRESIDENT OF EXTERNAL AFFAIRS

EDEN BERDUGO LET’S ACT!

RESPONSIBILITIES
• Advises the President and council on 
all fiscal issues.
• Oversees activity-fee distribution.

W ith eight spaces open in every election, the campus-wide senator position is a major route for new leaders to get into 
A.S. Council. Each candidate is responsible for 
many aspects of student life ranging from event 
planning to student outreach. Let’s Act! and 

Tritons Forward each fielded several compelling 
candidates with bright ideas for engaging students, 
livening up the campus and saving money along 
the way. We’re backing those who we felt had the 
most innovative plans for improving UCSD and 
the right experience to represent our student body.

Seraphin Raya of Let’s Act! 
is a strong supporter of better 
communication between A.S. 

Council and its constituents, and favors a system 
with more input from college councils. Moreover, 
his involvement with ASCE has inspired him to 
raise awareness of events and activities on campus, 
particularly through improving the partner-
ship between A.S. Council and its departments. 
He also advocates the A.S. report card, which 
increases the accountability of members on A.S. Council and allows stu-
dents to ensure that progress is being made on their behalf. As a Thurgood 
Marshall College residential assistant, Raya is very in touch with student 
needs and hopes to solve problems such as overcrowding in dining halls and 
transportation issues faced by commuters. His eagerness to reach out to stu-
dents and make internal improvements to A.S. Council would be valuable to 
the council’s effectiveness in the coming year.

SERAPHIN RAYA    
LET’S ACT!

Driven by an extensive background 
in campus involvement, Parthu Kalva of 
Tritons Forward is a model advocate for 
the slate’s theme of diversity. He calls for a 
diversification of perspectives within A.S. 
Council, and strongly advocates for greater 
student representation and seeks to partner 
with local departments and expand student 
involvement to improve A.S. outreach. He is 
also a leader in diasporic activism with sev-

eral student cultural organizations, including UCSD Project Rishi and 
Coalition of South Asian Peoples. Kalva has an innovative, personal 
project that will reform student organization infrastructure by creat-
ing an online framework to connect students with appropriate faculty 
advisors. Kalva has the vision and enthusiasm to bring tangible solu-
tions to the table and address UCSD’s issues.

Tritons Forward’s Brandon Kim 
believes in the strength of a unified cam-
pus — one in which slate politics don’t 
impede decision-making and collabora-
tion wins out over drawn-out stalemate. 
According to Kim, building a more cohe-
sive relationship between A.S. and the 
student body it represents will help foster 
a more unified university. To that end, 
he plans to employ social media, which 

he considers to be underutilized by student government, citing 
Twitter, Instagram and Triton TV as valuable but largely untapped 
resources. With the use of social media to inform students on issues 
like transportation or to increase transparency, he hopes to better 
connect the council to its constituents. As a club volleyball athlete 
and member of the Undergraduate Accounting Society, Kim hopes 
to bring fresh eyes and a fresh image to A.S. Council.

Dominick Suvonnasupa of Tritons 
Forward is a financially experienced can-
didate with ambitious visions to involve 
the transfer community, support student 
organizations and expand professional 
opportunities for UCSD students. He is 
also a member of the All Campus Transfer 
Association. Suvonnasupa hopes to expand 
students’ professional opportunities by 
using A.S. resources to establish a profitable 
relationship with career services and alumni 
networks. He advocates funding student 

organizations and mobilizing A.S. outreach in order to market under-
represented organizations and their respective events. With his fresh 
ideas and enthusiasm to improve campus climate, Suvonnasupa is a 
prime candidate for campus-wide senator.

As a current campus-wide senator, Let’s Act!’s 
Simran Anand is knowledgeable about the issues 
that UCSD faces and knows where more progress 
can be made. Her previous experience in this 
position will prepare her and help her improve for 
a second term in the fourth floor office. 

Although she did not complete a senator proj-
ect this year, she sat on many committees and has 
ambitious plans for a senator project next year. 
Additionally, she is a strong proponent of A.S. 
report cards to hold future senators and Associate Vice Presidents account-
able for making progress and accomplishing their goals.

She wants to work with CAPS on mental health issues as well as hold 
worker-appreciation events in response to the recent strikes. Additionally, 
she stressed that members of A.S. Council should maintain good relation-
ships with each other by attending retreats and lunch dates, and that the 
council as a whole maintains good relationships with college councils. This 
approach to solving partisanship and gridlock will ultimately help A.S. 
Council make more progress this year.

Let’s Act!’s Sierra Donaldson, an environ-
mental studies and ecology major, has experi-
ence as an A.S. senator and, because she has 
seen firsthand the flaws in Council’s operations, 
has insight on how to fix them. The sophomore 
Revelle College student served as a physical sci-
ences senator this year — a position she believes 
is “ineffective” and should look very different 
in the future. Donaldson has a proven record 
of supporting campus-wide lobbying initia-
tives, women’s rights and environmental sustainability. A campus cyclist 
herself, she is a first-person advocate for more bike locks, riding paths 
and campus safety. The UCSD Guardian endorses Donaldson for her self-
described “passionate” approach to addressing important campus issues.

Joey Giltner of Tritons 
Forward, an Earl Warren 
College junior transfer stu-
dent, is and has been very involved in stu-
dent government. He is particularly passion-
ate about student welfare and campus spirit. 
He currently serves on the Warren College 
Council, representing Warren transfer stu-
dents. Giltner wants to initiate projects such 
as hosting social or athletic events to help 

transfer students fit into the UCSD community and building more 
affordable lockers on campus for commuters. Giltner is also a social 
activist and works closely with the LGBT community to promote gen-
der equality and resources on campus. With his enthusiasm and spirit, 
Giltner celebrates the idea of student involvement and will work to 
spread awareness on hot issues such as transportation and student life. 

JOEY GILTNER    
TRITONS FORWARD

SIERRA DONALDSON    
LET’S ACT!

PARTHU KALVA    
TRITONS FORWARD

RESPONSIBILITIES
• Complete at least two projects 

each year, one of which must ben-

efit the entire campus.

• Serve on at least two campus-

wide committees.

• Vote on council floor.

RESPONSIBILITIES
• Educates the student body on issues 
affecting UCSD at the city, state and 
national level.
• Lobbies officials and legislators on 
behalf of the student body.
• Serves as the UC Student Association 
representative for UCSD.

I t was heartening for us to talk with Igor Geyn of Tritons Forward, a straight-talking candidate with intelligent goals and a clear 
understanding of the steps that ASUCSD needs 
to take to improve and expand, on a budget. 

Geyn already has an impressive resume on 
campus as an Eleanor Roosevelt College rep-
resentative and Alpha Epsilon Pi philanthropy 
chair, to name a few. As his double major 
in economics and political science suggests, 
Geyn displayed an intimate knowledge of the 
current, financial issues facing our campus 
and how he would go about solving them. 
These ranged from the high-profile problems, 
such as the transportation crisis, to the slightly 
less so, such as our membership in the UC 
Student Association.

One of Geyn’s core initiatives is his plan for 
cutting financial waste and boosting efficiency 
at A.S. Council’s administrative level. He wants 
to increase inter-departmental relations and 
help cut back on redundant expenditures while 
simultaneously opening positions for students 
to get job experience. Also commendable are 
his plans for making ASUCSD more self-sus-
tainable through expanded revenue-generating 
services, and his ideas that include providing 
financial planning assistance to struggling 
organizations such as the Che Cafe and the 
General Store.

Geyn also understands the scope of the 
current disconnect between students and A.S. 
Council. As one of the executives for SOVAC, 
the UCSD organization that aims to increase 
voter participation, he knows that students feel 
isolated from the election system. In response, 
he suggested remedies in which student organi-
zations become more involved with the legisla-
tive stream, with A.S. Council mobilizing dif-
ferent communication media to interact with 
the student body and make decision making 
purely democratic.

From his intelligent commentaries and 
ambitious plans, we know that Igor Geyn will 
be a smart, effective VP Finance, so he gets the 
UCSD Guardian’s endorsement.

Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Rachel Huang
MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
MANAGING EDITOR

Kelvin Noronha
OPINION EDITOR

Morgan Jong
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

Gabriella Fleischman
NEWS EDITOR

Yan Gao
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR 

Aleksandra Konstantinovic
MULTIMEDIA EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the University 
of California at San Diego. Contents © 2014. Views expressed 
herein represent the majority vote of the editorial board and are 
not necessarily those of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD 

or the members of the Guardian staff. 

CAMPUS-WIDE SENATORS

SIMRAN ANAND    
LET’S ACT!BRANDON KIM    

TRITONS FORWARD

AISHA ALI    
LET’S ACT!

DOMINICK 
SUVONNASUPA    

TRITONS FORWARD



E
leanor Roosevelt College 
junior and Associated 
Students presidential can-
didate Kyle Heiskala initially 
tried to stay out of campus 

politics. More focused on getting involved 
with the issues directly rather than with the 
student government surrounding them, the 
environmental systems major started his 
freshman year working with the Student 
Organized Voter Access Committee to orga-
nize the mayoral forum and increase the 
percentage of student voters on campus.

“[Working with SOVAC] was where I 
first saw the light in people’s eyes when 
they could interact in civic engagement,” 
Heiskala said. “I tried not to push myself 
into elected positions because I really 
liked working on the ‘issues’ [pertaining to 
UCSD students] … To this point, I’ve been 
focused on improving the campus on an 
issue-based approach, and I wanted to lend 
my experience further to the presidency.”

Heiskala’s slate, Let’s Act!, focuses on 
preserving campus traditions and revers-
ing the negative trend that he believes 
has been building with events such as the 
removal of Graffiti Hall, the increase in 
surveillance and the lack of financial sup-
port at the statewide level.

“There are a lot of things that built this 
trend, that UCSD’s traditions and aspects 
that make us unique and stand apart from 
the other UC schools have been coming 
into danger, so we are going to reverse that 
trend by using our experience ... so that 
we can make positive, permanent change,” 
he said.

A San Diego native, Heiskala was the 
kid in high school that had a lot of wide-
spread interests and a constantly changing 
group of friends.

“I was the person who probably knew 
everyone but didn’t have a set social 
group,” Heiskala said. “I floated around, 
hung out with different groups of people depending on how I was feeling. I knew the guys 
on the football team but I also was very involved in the AP classes.”

He was captain of his golf team, enjoyed roller hockey and helped install a five-panel 
senior mural which featured students’ silhouettes at various times of day.

Heiskala has worked on several projects to improve the campus as a whole, both 
through its students and its facilities. For example, in his work with SOVAC, Heiskala 
helped establish OVAL, or the Online Voter Access Link, which allows undergraduates to 

F
or Earl Warren College junior 
Robby Boparai, medicine was a 
career choice that simply made 
sense. Boparai, who hails from 
Bakersfield, was routinely exposed 

to underserved populations that faced prob-
lems such as obesity and diabetes, inspiring 
him to provide services to the underprivileged 
as a doctor. He actively researches emer-
gency medicine, volunteers at the emergency 
department of the UCSD Medical Center 
and has worked at a free clinic in Tijuana. 
Yet outside of the clinic, Boparai is not only 
dedicated to medicine; he is running for A.S. 
president on the Tritons Forward slate. 

Though the choice to run for president 
may seem out of line with his career goals, 
Boparai makes it clear that politics and medi-
cine are very much connected.

“Being A.S. president is a leadership posi-
tion, and so is being a physician,” Boparai said.

Leadership is quite important to Boparai 
who considers it an integral part of his identity.

“First and foremost, I consider myself a 
leader who is open to input of other people,” 
Boparai said.

Before he came to college, Boparai was 
involved in leadership in high school student 
organizations and his school’s Associated 
Student Body. In particular, he was an active 
member of his high school’s speech and 
debate team, in which he participated in  both 
Parliamentary and Congressional Debate. 
He also participated in competitions with 
the local chapter of Health Occupations 
Students of America and his school’s Science 
Bowl team, campaigned with his youth reli-
gious group to educate the community about 
Sikhism and participated in Bollywood dance 
and “bhangra,” a traditional Indian dance.

“In high school, I was relatively outgo-
ing,” Boparai said. “I always wanted to get 
involved, but I also always focused on aca-
demics and intellectual development.”

Boparai says he could not have imagined 
himself running for A.S. president in college, as his high school’s ASB was nowhere near 
as politically divisive as A.S. Council.

The change came when he chose to attend UCSD as a human biology major. He chose 
to come to the school because he considered UCSD strong in its premedical program and 
wanted to take advantage of its research opportunities. Living right next to the beach was 
an added bonus, as he found his passion of surfing.

“When I got admitted to UCSD, my friends told me, ‘You’re going to the ocean. You 

6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  D AT E  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY  RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

SERVING AND PRESERVING THE SPIRIT OF ENGAGEMENT

KYLE HEISKALA ROBBY BOPARAI

See HEISKALA, page 7 See BOPARAI, page 7

BY  sydn ey  reck  
features editor

BY  sou mya  ku rnoo l
associate features editorTRITONS FORWARDLET’S ACT!

ROBBY BOPARAI KYLE HEISKALA
EDUCATION   INDIVIDUALITY
DIVERSITY   ENGAGEMENT

REFORM   INNOVATION
SPIRIT   EMPOWERMENT

1.

2.

   MEET THE CANDIDATES
For the past week, candidates from the Let’s Act! and Tritons Forward slates have had a con-

stant presence on Library Walk while campaigning for the upcoming elections. In case you 
haven’t had a chance to stop and talk to those campaigning, here’s a look behind the presidential 

candidates of each slate. Voting begins on TritonLink April 7.

3.

4.

GAIN MORE RESOURCES 
FOR STUDENTS NEEDS

PROVIDE LARGE SCALE 
STUDENT RESOURCES 

PROMOTE CULTURAL 
EVENTS ON CAMPUS

REDUCE A.S. COUNCIL
BUDGET’S DEPENDENCE ON  

        STUDENT FEES

1.

2.

PRESERVE CAMPUS 
TRADITIONS

EDUCATE STUDENT
POPULATION ABOUT
IMPORTANT ISSUES

INSPIRE STUDENTS
TO GET MORE INVOLVED
IN CIVIC ENGAGEMENT

HELP UNIVERSITY EMBRACE 
DIVERSITY & PULL DIVERSE 
GROUPS TOGETHER

5. MAKE TRANSPORTATIONA MAIN FOCUS 

6.

3.

EMPOWER STUDENTS TO 
GET MORE INVOLVED IN 
STUDENT ORGS

4.

TARGET TRANSPORTATION 
AS AN URGENT ISSUE

5. CREATE MOBILE APP TO SHOW EVENTS HAPPENING 
AT UCSD

6.

Page layout by Amber Shroyer // Photos by Siddharth Atre



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  D AT E  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

provide their feedback on relevant issues on 
campus. Heiskala has also helped to improve 
alternative transportation through the Student 
Sustainability Collective, which has recently 
convinced the university to commit to con-
struction of over $1 million worth of bike 
improvements and infrastructure.

When asked what his first act as president 
would be if elected, Heiskala responded with 
one word: education.

“I think that there’s a lot of education that 
needs to happen this quarter because there 
are two very important things that will hap-
pen by the end of the quarter –– we’ll know if 
we have an extended bus program, and we’ll 
know if we have a Sun God Festival [next 
year],” Heiskala said. “So I see it as my job 
and [that of] the entire A.S. to educate the 
student body as much as possible.”

Tristan Britt, Let’s Act! Vice President 
Finance candidate, believes Heiskala would be 
an effective A.S. president because of his well-
rounded experience in handling student issues.

“We have such a diverse campus and in 
order to accomplish tasks and goals as A.S. 
president, you need to be able to reach out to 
other leaders on campus and work with them 
to achieve those goals, and he’s definitely 
shown that in his work [with the transportation 
referendum and SOVAC],” Britt said.

As his major might suggest, Heiskala 
is also interested in improving life beyond 
UCSD, particularly in modern society’s eco-
logical footprint. 

“I’m really passionate about sustainability,” 
he said. “There’s been talk of ecological 
disaster on the horizon in 30 years, and my 
major focus is on public policy. I want to 
really get into the field as quickly as possible 
and make a really huge impact [in order] 
to ensure that the way that we’re using the 
planet’s resources [is such that we] leave 
things for future generations.”

Using his passion for ecological sustain-
ability, Heiskala was one of two students 
that helped initiate the Climate Action Plan 
Task Force charged by the Chancellor to re-
evaluate UCSD’s Climate Action Plan, which 
was written in 2008 and had not been updated 
since. The Climate Action Plan details an 
initiative to achieve climate neutrality in the 
face of global climate crisis in seven catego-
ries: academics, energy, operations, procure-
ment, recycling, transportation and water. 

Like many of UCSD’s undergraduates, 
Heiskala doesn’t have a clear career path, but 
he has a larger goal that he hopes to achieve 
after college.

“I don’t have a set career in mind,” 
Heiskala said. “I just know that I want to 
change the world as much as possible, as 
much as one person can, and I want to inspire 
others to do the same. Whatever career path 
I have, I know that I’ll continue to strive to 
make as much change as possible and hope-
fully save the world in the way that we won’t 
be exploiting our natural resources as much.”

Let’s Act! Seeks to Educate Students About Issues Tritons Forward Encourages Student Involvement
▶ HEISKALA, from page 6

readers can contact readers can contact
sydney  reck     sreck@ucsd.edu soumya kurnool     skurnool@ucsd.edu 

need to know how to surf,’” Boparai said.
At the time, Boparai didn’t know how to 

swim very well. Before his freshman year at 
UCSD, he prepared by swimming and watch-
ing surf videos. A few months into his first 
quarter, he bought a used board and took 
a rec class on surfing, and his hobby took 
off. Despite his busy schedule, Boparai still 
makes it a point to surf around once a week. 
Surfing has become an outlet for Boparai and 
a way to bond with people fellow surfers in his 
fraternity, Phi Delta Epsilon, his college and 
A.S Council.

“When you’re on the ocean, waiting for a 
wave, that’s the one place where I’m relaxed,” 
Boparai said. “I’m one of those people who is 
always thinking about the changes I want to 
make and about the future. [The ocean] is the 
only place where I’m in the now.”

Boparai has used the freedom that college 
offers to also pursue leadership development 
and networking. As a freshman, he became 
involved in Phi Delta Epsilon, a premedi-
cal professional society. As a sophomore, 
he joined the Warren College Council. As 
a junior, he became a part of A.S. Council. 
Boparai is currently A.S. Associate Vice 
President of Academic Affairs and is in his 
second term as Director of Academic Affairs 
on Warren College Council.

“Warren College Council taught me that 
I can change things [at UCSD],” Boparai 
said. “A.S. taught me that there is a reason to 
change things and a reason to engage others to 

change things, too.”
Suffice to say, Boparai embraced involve-

ment in his passions at UCSD and wants 
other students to do the same. If elected, his 
slate hopes to increase student involvement 
in organizations and to make the university 
more accessible to students who are looking 
for resources, whether it is research funding 
or funding for student organizations. Boparai 
specifically hopes to get students to involve 
themselves in at least one student organiza-
tion, which is the first step in dispelling the 
stereotype that UCSD is “socially dead.”

Slate members, such as Revelle College 
freshman Angela Aguilar, consider Boparai 
very approachable.

“I think he’d be a great president because he 
is approachable and friendly, and he’d be willing 
to answer anything,” Aguilar said. “So I think he’s 
the sort of guy you can have as a friend.”

Boparai also considers himself to be a 
people’s person at the end of the day.

“I love helping people,” Boparai said. “I’m 
very extroverted, and I love being around 
people. I hate being by myself. On any given 
day I want to be with others.”

Boparai also refuses to let politics change 
him as a person.

“I’m not a very political person, but I just 
want to make change that helps the students,” 
Boparai said. “I want to stay true to what I 
believe in without compromising what I want 
to do to play the political game.”

▶ BOPARAI, from page 6

WRITE  •  DESIGN  •  ILLUSTRATE  •  PHOTOGRAPH  •  ADVERTISE  •  MARKET

SHOW US WHAT YOU’VE GOT.
   INFORMATION SESSION

Friday, April 11, 5 P.M. Guardian Office (Second Floor of the Old Student Center) 
Want to know more? facebook.com/ucsdguardian



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  D AT E  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

Find out more about our psychology programs today. 310.568.2317 • 866.503.5460 
psychology-masters@pepperdine.edu • gsep.pepperdine.edu

amy’s
intent:

To transform lives. 

Her game plan: A Master of Arts 
in Clinical Psychology with an 
Emphasis in Marriage and 
Family Therapy from 
Pepperdine.



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

SAINT MOTEL
THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER

THU4.10 • 8pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
4 . 0 7  -  4 . 1 3

2 0 1 4 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

MON4.07 WED4.09TUE4.08
STUDENT LOBBY CONFERENCE - 
SACRAMENTO, CA
Apply to go on an all-expenses paid trip to 
Sacramento, CA from April 4th - April 7th to the 
University of California Student Association’s annual 
Student Lobby Conference! The Office of External 
Affairs and Triton Lobby Corps will be giving UCSD 
students the tools, resources, and training to lobby 
members of the California Legislature on issues of 
accessibility, affordability, and quality of a UC 
education. It is an empowering experience in which 
students have the opportunity to influence the future 
of their own education!

4pm
WOMEN’S CENTER HIRING!
Interested in feminism and social justice? Are you an 
undergraduate student? Apply to be an intern at the 
Women's Center during the 2014-15 academic year. 
For more information and applications, visit 
women.uscd.edu. Applications are due Monday, April 
7th by 4pm at the Women's Center. Contact: 
women@uscd.edu

7pm
BLABBERMOUTH – THE LOFT, PC
Have a song or story to share? Blabbermouth is a 
monthly event held at The Loft, giving writers of 
prose, poetry, and fiction - as well as musicians and 
performers - a place to share their art. Enjoy some 
bites and beverages and support your fellow 
students.

9am
GRAD STUDENT APPRECIATION BREAKFAST – 
WOMEN’S CENTER (ABOVE HI-THAI, NEAR 
MAIN GYM)
Are you a grad student? Join the Women's Center for 
coffee, yummy pastries, and a chance to connect with 
other graduate students at UCSD. Always wanted to 
check out the Women's Center but you've been too 
busy to stop by? Here's your chance to learn more 
about the resources we offer and how you can 
connect. All are welcome, including kids!

12pm
MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN LOCAL SCHOOLS – 
INFO SESSION: PC RED SHOE RM, PRICE 
CENTER WEST LEVEL 2
Make a Difference in Local Schools: Join 
EducationCorps! Join EducationCorps and commit to 
4 hours each week at a local school in the 
underserved parts of San Diego. EducationCorps 
provides an unforgettable opportunity for hands-on 
experience in the educational field. For more info: 
EducationCorps@ucsd.edu, 858-822-5539 or visit us 
at Price Center East Level 3, Rms 3510 & 3511. 
Contact: EducationCorps@ucsd.edu. Website: 
http://educationcorpsucsd.wordpress.com/

4pm
GRAD SLAM: COMPETITION FINALS – SSC, 
MULTIPURPOSE ROOM
Don't miss UC San Diego's graduate students at their 
finest as they present their research and SLAM their 
way to a $2500 grand prize! The presentations are 
three minutes long and are, essentially, a mini 'TED 
talk' about graduate researchers' work. Reception and 
refreshments to follow! Contact: 
cpmurphy@ucsd.edu

8pm
MCCE’S INFO NIGHT AND TUTORING 
ORIENTATION – GREEN TABLE ROOM, PC 
WEST
MCCE is a service/social organization that was 
created in 2010 to encourage cultural awareness and 
diversity. Our aim is to use education and cultural 
celebration to create an environment that is 
welcoming to people of all identities, backgrounds, 
and cultures. Learn about our COMMUNITY SERVICE, 
TUTORING/MENTORING programs and our 
CULTURAL APPRECIATION Events. FREE PIZZA WILL 
BE PROVIDED! Our orientation on tutoring/mentoring 
students at University City High School will follow the 
GBM. 

FRI4.11
4pm
TRITON GAMES – CANYONVIEW AQUATIC CENTER
Think you could survive the Hunger Games? Test your 
strength and stamina at Triton Games! Featuring both an 
elite and team division, this event will allow you to show 
off your skills on land and in water. Compete as an team of 
two tributes for a chance to win the the title of Ultimate 
Triton Triton Team. Receive a $50 prize. Elite Division - the 
Ultimate Triton Man and Ultimate Triton Woman will EACH 
receive a $25 prize. Open Division - For fun. Carnival style 
games if you're looking for fun and a little competition! 
Register at recreation.ucsd.edu/registration

7:15pm
FAME SPRING FASHION SHOW – PC BALLROOM 
EAST
Free Admission! Don't know what to wear for Sun God this 
year? Come out to our free fashion show this Friday, April 
11 to find some outfit inspiration just in time for the 
season of music festivals! We will be featuring clothes 
from ASOS, Triton Outfitters, Ava Adorn and Luv Surf 
Shop. There will be goody bags, refreshments and raffles 
for free swag such as ASOS vouchers to fulfill your 
shopping needs. We will also have a special guest 
performance by Finesse Dance Company

8pm
THE DODOS AT THE LOFT – THE LOFT,PC
The Dodos are coming to UCSD! They are an Indie Folk 
duo originally from San Francisco. Their newest album 
'Carrier' evokes the emotions of love and loss, and reflects 
on the impact people have had in their life. Doors: 8pm / 
Show: 9pm. UCSD Students: $10.00. General Admission: 
$15.00. Contact: ucenmarketing@ucsd.edu

10am
LIVES DEPEND ON IT! UC SAN DIEGO BLOOD DRIVE 
– BLOODMOBILE ON LIBRARY WALK
Lives depend on it! UC San Diego Blood Drive, April 8-10, 
2014, 10:00a.m. to 3:30p.m., Bloodmobile on Library Walk. 
Schedule an appointment by calling 1-800-4MY-SDBB 
(1-800-469-7322) or log onto: 
http://sandiegobloodbank.org and provide Sponsor Code: 
UCPC. Walk-ins are welcome as openings are available. 
Earn points by donating blood and shop on-line at the 
Donors 4 Life store. For more info: Tonia Snee, 
858-534-0286, tsnee@ucsd.edu. 

2pm
REFLECTIONS ON PRINCE RUPERT’S DOG: 
WITCHCRAFT AND PROPAGANDA DURING THE 
ENGLISH CIVIL WAR – SOCIAL SCIENCES BUILDING 
(SSB), ROOM 107
In this talk, Mark Stoyle (Professor of Early Modern History 
at the University of Southampton) explores the fantastical 
rumors which circulated around Charles I's famous nephew, 
Prince Rupert of the Rhine, and his dog, “Boy”, during the 
English Civil War of 1642-46: rumors which suggested that 
Rupert was an occult practitioner, while his canine 
companion - far from being a genuine dog - was in fact a 
beautiful woman who had transformed herself into the 
shape of an animal through magical art.

3:30pm
TASTER TUESDAY PRESENTS ‘PASSPORT TO 
CULTURE: INDIA’ – STUDENT SERVICES CENTER, 
ROOM 300
Join the weekly conversation to hear current students talk 
about life in their home country or state. Enjoy a traditional 
taste of food from the highlighted region each week! Week 2 
will showcase the culture of INDIA. Come earn your 
passport and 'travel around the world'! All students 
welcome and no registration required! Sponsored by Sixth 
College Student Affairs. For more info, contact: Shawn Fore, 
Outreach Coordinator, 858-822-6978, sfore@ucsd.edu.

4pm
‘DOING GOOD BETTER’ SOCIAL INNOVATION 
SEMINAR – PC WEST, RED SHOE ROOM
This spring, Center for Student Involvement - Community 
Service is hosting 'Doing Good Better', a 7-week seminar on 
social innovation. This free, non-credit seminar will teach 
undergraduate and graduate students how to take action to 
solve local and global challenges. Space is limited, so 
register today at http://ccl.ucsd.edu/registration. Tuesdays, 
April 8 through May 20. 4:00PM.

SAT4.12
9:30am
CIGARETTE BUTT CLEAN UP! – PC PLAZA 
Join The Zone for our 2nd annual Kicking Butts Off Campus 
Clean-Up! We need at least 50 volunteers to take part in 
helping us make our campus beautiful for just one hour of 
clean-up! Free snacks and 'Sun God says...' shirts for the 
first 100 volunteers who register! Register at: 
http://ucsdcleanup2.eventbrite.com/

THU4.10
12pm
‘THE NEW BLACK’ FILM SCREENING – LBGT 
RESOURCE CENTER
'The New Black' documents the story of 
African-Americans grappling with the LGBT issue 
through the lens of the recent marriage equality 
movements and the fight over civil rights. Activists, 
families and clergy examine the issues in the black 
community's institutional pillar - the black church. 
Free and open to the public. Presented by LGBT 
Resource Center. Contact: rainbow@ucsd.edu

8pm
SAINT MOTEL –THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER
'Saint Motel makes chic and sprightly music with 
hints of ironic malevolence. On 'Voyeur'- the 
group's first full-length release - the guitars clang 
briskly while the vocals ascend from high tenor to 
outright falsetto. The band members have a strong 
sense of style:  Saint Motel is wise to highlight its 
cunning arrangements and breathless execution.' - 
Mark Jenkins / The Washington Sierra Trading 
Post. Doors: 8pm / Show: 9pm. UCSD Students: 
$10.00 / General Admission: $15.00. Contact: 
ucenmarketing@ad.ucsd.edu

8pm
BILL SHANNON – THE WHITE BOX, 2590 
TRUXTUN ROAD, SAN DIEGO
Bill Shannon is an internationally renowned artist, 
break dancer, and skate punk who wields his 
crutches as tools of expression and weapons of 
provocation. Born with a rare hip defect that 
prevents him from standing and walking without 
crutches, Bill’s legendary street performances and 
videos challenge narrow notions of ability. This 
event runs through Saturday, the 12th. Tickets: 
ucsdboxoffice.com. 

8pm
GYPSY, A MUSICAL FABLE: PRESENTED BY 
THE MUIR MUSICAL ENSEMBLE – UC SAN 
DIEGO MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
Students from all majors are invited to join, 
regardless of their theater experience, from all six 
colleges. The musical provides students a chance 
to develop skills in leadership, public speaking and 
project management. Three performances will be 
held—April 10, 11 and 12th—at 8 p.m. at the 
Mandeville Auditorium on the UC San Diego 
campus. UCSD Students: $10.00. General 
Admission: $15.00. Tickets can be purchased at 
the UC San Diego box office 



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  A P R I L  7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 Washing machine sequence
6 Pirate’s booty
10 Twilight time
14 Start of an old Army slogan
15 Rock group’s trip
16 In the past
17 Jack of rhyme
18 Against
19 Persia, now
20 2005 Margaret Peterson Haddix chil-

dren’s thriller
23 1958 #1 hit sung in Italian
25 In error
26 Hot tub
27 Lyricist Gershwin
28 Title holder
31 Classic language, and with 61-Across, 

hint to the puzzle theme found at the 
starts of 20-, 37- and 57-Across

33 Property measure
35 Moray, e.g.
36 Yak
37 Accumulate wealth
42 On Soc. Sec., say
43 Simpson judge
44 Schoolbook
46 “Beak” for “nose,” e.g.
49 100 bucks
51 “__ the ramparts ...”
52 Trip segment
53 Thurman of “Kill Bill”
55 Fashionable
57 Non-remunerative athletics
61 Cherish
62 Aussie greeting
63 Singer Baker
66 Till bills
67 Fish organ
68 Prepare to advance after a fly ball
69 Computer adventure game
70 Oxen connection
71 Ed of “Lou Grant”

DOWN
1 Network with an eye
2 Slangy assent
3 Parking lot siren
4 Andean beast
5 Matador’s foe
6 Men-only party
7 Refuses to
8 Writer
9 Reaction to personal loss
10 “__ What Comes Natur’lly”
11 Pre-riot state
12 Garlicky shrimp dish
13 Nairobi native
21 Most recent
22 Key above D
23 By way of
24 SeaWorld attraction
29 Teachers’ org.
30 Fairylike
32 Lie alongside
34 Bring in
36 Capri’s Blue __
38 Transition to the next subject
39 Ear: Prefix
40 Las Vegas Strip feature
41 Marked, as a ballot
45 Sample
46 Sinuous ski race
47 Tart, as a citrus drink
48 Mescal sources
49 Aerobic exercise, in gym-speak
50 List of mistakes
54 Seriously humid
56 Old lab burners
58 Final grade factor
59 Polio vaccine developer
60 War journalist Ernie
64 Election Day: Abbr.
65 Mo. for fools?

A�ly now!
Email your resume & portfolio to
asgraphicstudio@ucsd.edu

BIKES
Mongoose Detain (temecula) $100 - hello I 
have a nice road/cruise bike for sale im ask-
ing for $100 OBO bike is in good condition 
and terrific tires and brakes. thanks have a 
great day Listing ID: 83951162 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Trikke Air T78 Deluxe Air (Chula Vista) $220 - 
The T78 Deluxe is a customized riders dream 
vehicle, for bigger kids and adults. Coming 
equipped with all air 8.5” tires on black fin-
ished machined aluminum rims. The comfort 
of air is accompanied by the added grip 
with air tires, making riding longer dura-
tions ideal. You will find styled accents and 
upgraded components throughout the 
T78Deluxe. The aluminum handlebar set up 
with improved grips along with a durable 
steel frame and adjustable handlebar height 
allows riders twelve years and up to ride 
with comfort, confidence and the ability to 
continually grow with this ultimate carving 
fitness machine. You or your kid will discover 
new fun and fitness. (All major muscle groups 
engage while riding a Trikke carving vehicle). 
You can also fold down the frame with the 
trigger lever to easily store or transport. 
Listing ID: 83951160 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

5 BICYCLES $125 SUPER SALE (Imperial 
Beach) - $125 - I’m also throwing in a control-
ler charger. Hdmi cable, and Both control-
lers work great! I cleaned out the profiles 
and game history already says there’s 228GB 
free. Reason why I’m selling is I don’t play 
as much. Its works really great though and 
it has a warranty from Wal-Marts insurance. 
NO LOW BALLERS!!!! But offers are welcome-
Shoot me a text or call. If I don’t answer leave 
a message w.name and number and I’ll call 
back after 4:30pm Listing ID: 83951206 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation.

ELECTRONICS
Xbox 360, 6 games, 2 controllers (Vista) $260- 
Hello, I am selling these college textbooks 
ranging from $5-to$30 obo (please be rea-
sonable.) All books are in good condition no 
rips, highlighting, writing or missing pages. 
These books are fairly new and the psychol-
ogy book is brand new. Please contact me 
with any questions. Thank you! Listing ID: 
82617153 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Dhd Power Equalizer (SD Downtown) $20 - 
IM SELLING A DHD POWER EQUALIZER WITH 
SRS. ASKING $20. Listing ID: 83951204 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

IPAD 32 gig 3G $125 - Cash only, Ipad first 
gen works great. Used Cord and Charger. Call 
or text at 858-8eight0-seven4five Listing ID: 
83951203 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information.

TICKETS
Tickets for Arctic Monkeys at San Diego State 
Open Air Theatre in San Diego - $120 - 
Buy Arctic Monkeys Tickets for Wednesday, 
August 06, 2014 7:30 PM at San Diego State 
Open Air Theatre in San Diego, California. 
Listing ID: 83951274 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Tickets for Air Supply at Humphreys Concerts 
By The Bay in San Diego California - $154- Buy 
Air Supply Tickets for Saturday, September 
13, 2014 7:30 PM at Humphreys Concerts By 
The Bay in San Diego, California. Listing ID: 
83951273 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program! bE ELECT A LEADER.informed.

VOTE FOR YOUR
A.S. LEADERS

FOR MORE INFORMATION, VISIT
AS.UCSD.EDU/ELECTIONS OR CONTACT

ASELECTIONS@UCSD.EDU

ON TRITONLINK.UCSD.EDU
FROM APRIL 7 - 11



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  A P R I L  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

the Tritons two points.
On the field, Triton athletes per-

formed just as admirably as their 
teammates on the track. Junior 
throws Nash Howe, the defending 
California Collegiate Athletic Asso-
ciation champion, finished second 
in javelin with a toss of 214-48.” 

Sophomore decathlon Dan Gol-
ubovic finished sixth in the high 
jump, jumping 1.95 meters, and 
senior pole vault Clint Rosser fin-
ished seventh in the pole vault. 
Sophomore jumps Randy Cope-
man jumped into the UCSD record 
books this weekend with his eighth 
place, 45-10” finish in the triple 
jump. Copeman is ninth all-time for 
UCSD.

On the women’s field side, junior 
heptathlon Veronica Bradley fin-
ished seventh in the high jump. Her 
jump of 1.58 meters tied with SDSU 
and Cal Poly jumpers Karsen Sper 
and Hannah McDaniel.

Overall, the UCSD men’s team 
lost only to Cal State Long Beach, 
which nearly doubled the Triton’s 
point total of 89. The men’s team 
beat several Division I schools in-
cluding University of Southern Cal-
ifornia and UCSB and beat the de-

fending champion Sacramento State 
by 10 points. 

“The big focus is on the team 
competition for this one,” Salerno 
said. “Both teams competed very 
well. The second-place finish by the 
men’s team rates as a landmark mo-
ment in the history of the program.”

The women earned 49 points, 19 
of which came from the 10K. San 
Diego State dominated the meet, 
winning for the fourth straight 
year. The nationally ranked Aztecs 
earned 178 points, beating Cal State 
Long Beach by 65 points.

“We had an amazing meet across 
all the event areas,” UCSD women’s 
head coach Darcy Ahner said. “This 
truly was a team effort by both the 
men and women and is yet another 
indicator of the quality of this young 
team.” 

The Tritons now hope to build off 
of their momentum as a portion of 
the track and field squads will travel 
to Arizona to take part in another 
multiple-day competition in the Sun 
Angel Classic from April 11 to 12, 
while another segment will battle at 
Claremont in the Pomona-Pitzer In-
vitational on April 12. 

Did you get
hay fever?

Do you suffer
from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 

years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 
pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 

how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 
people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 

blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You will 
be compensated for your time and trouble. 

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE 
ALLERGY STUDY

(Volunteers from Japan)

Have you lived
in JAPAN?

Contact our study coordinator at
(858) 752-6979 or email (study@lji.org),

and mention the Sette-Allergy study
to find out more information.

Do you experience allergies that are induced by a change 
in the season? We are looking for allergic individuals to 

donate blood to help us study how seasonal pollens such 
as weeds, grasses, or trees induce allergies. The focus of 
our research is to better understand how your immune 

system may cause allergies.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of 
age, you will be asked to provide a blood donation 
(similar to what is provided at a blood bank) and 

compensated for your time and trouble. 

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE 
ALLERGY STUDY

Do you get
hay fever?

Contact our study coordinator at
(858) 752-6979 or email (study@lji.org),

and mention the Sette-Allergy study
to find out more information. 

Do you suffer from:
runny/stuffy nose, 
watery/itchy eyes, 

congestion, sneezing,  
sinus pressure?

Second-Place Finish Historic for Tritons
▶ TRACK & FIELD, from page 12

readers can contact
Clay Kaufman    gckaufma@ucsd.edu 

geles starter Greg Humbert early on. 
Shirley went 3-for-4 in his first lead-

off performance, racking up two dou-
bles and two runs. Junior first baseman 
Michael Mann saw his second four-
RBI performance with a team-topping 
28 RBI on the year to round out the 
13–2 win.

Cruz (4–2) took the mound for 
the seventh time this season to pitch 
a seven-inning shutout in the night-
cap — the first single-pitcher shutout 

for UCSD in 2014. Offenses appeared 
stagnant for both teams during the fi-
nal game of the series, as the score was 
2–0 after all seven frames. Freshman 
outfielder Christian Leung and senior 
infielder Garrett Tuck each finished the 
game with their first two-hit perfor-
mances of 2014. 

With regular season play coming to 
a close, the Tritons appear to be pro-
ducing their best baseball thus far go-
ing into the final stretch of conference 
action. 

“Every game from here on out is 

important,” UCSD head coach Eric 
Newman said. “When you’re in a hunt, 
every game means something and they 
don’t get less important as the season 
goes on.”

UCSD continues to play on the road 
in the coming week with a nonconfer-
ence matchup against No. 18 Califor-
nia Baptist University on Wednesday, 
April 9 at 6 p.m. preceding a four-game 
CCAA series at Cal State Stanislaus 
next weekend.

Tritons Now Third in CCAA, Look Towards Postseason Berth
▶ BASEBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
John story    jstory@ucsd.edu 

in the program’s Division II era since 
2001. The Tritons also finished with a 
season-high 11 service aces, the high-
est number reached in over three years. 

“We stuck with it the whole time, 
which was nice,” sophomore outside 
hitter Eric Barber said. “We’ve had 
some times where we’ll have a lead 
and give it away, but we did a good 
job playing till the end [tonight].” 

The first set began with a back 
and forth between both squads as 
UC Merced kept things close at 6–5. 
However, the Tritons shed their slow 
start, jumping ahead 12–6 and al-
lowing nothing more for the rest of 

the night. UCSD finished off the set 
with a 25–13 win. 

In the second and third sets, the 
Tritons started strong with 8–1 
and 9–1 leads, respectively. In both 
frames, UCSD only built upon their 
large advantages, winning the third 
set 25–10 and the fourth set 25–11. 

Every Triton recorded playing 
time in an all-around stellar effort. 
Senior opposite Johl Awerkamp led 
UCSD with a match-high nine kills 
on .583 hitting, along with three 
aces and two blocks. Barber also 
earned eight kills and hit an amaz-
ing .700. Sophomore outside hitter 
Kirill Rudenko put in a match-high 
five aces while adding five kills. 

UCSD will now play in its final two 
games at home on Friday against Pa-
cific University and Saturday against 
Stanford University. The Tritons will 
look to close out the season strong 
at RIMAC Arena, with both games 
beginning at 7 p.m. 

“I’d like to beat both these teams,” 
Barber said. “I think we’ve been 
playing really well towards the end 
of the season. We took a game off of 
Irvine last night, and we could defi-
nitely take a game or two, even beat 
Stanford and Pacific, so I think it’ll 
be a good last week for us.” 

Volleyball to Conclude Season Hosting Pacific, No. 4 Stanford

▶ M. VOLLEYBALL, from page 12
UCSD 6, Cal State Los Angeles 3   4/03/2014
Player
SANCHEZ, Gradeigh lf
LEWIS, Erik 2b
LA FACE, Nick dh
MANN, Michael 1b
RAHN, Justin rf
CRUZ, Troy 3b
LARSEN, Jack cf
LEVY, Brett c
HOWSLEY, Tyler ss

ab
2
3
4
3
3
3
2
2
3

26

r
0
0
0
1
2
1
0
0
1
6

h
0
1
1
0
1
2
0
0
1
6

rbi
0
1
1
0
0
1
0
2
1
6

bb
0
1
0
1
1
1
1
0
0
6

so
2
0
0
0
1
0
1
0
0
4

po
2
1
0
11
1
0
2
5
2
27

a
0
0
3
0
0
0
0
0
4
10

lob
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
5

Pitcher
DONATELLA, Justin W
ZEMAN, Scott

ip
8.0
1.0

h
4
0

r
3
0

er
2
0

bb
1
0

so
5
0

ab
26
3

bf
28
3

np
126
11

TOTALS 

UCSD 4, Cal State Los Angeles 3    4/04/2014
Player
SANCHEZ, Gradeigh lf
LEWIS, Erik 2b
LA FACE, Nick c
RAHN, Justin rf
MANN, Michael 1b
CRUZ, Troy 3b
LARSEN, Jack cf
LEVY, Brett c
HOWSLEY, Tyler ss

ab
4
4
4
4
4
3
2
2
3
30

r
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
1
0
4

h
1
0
1
0
0
1
1
0
1
5

rbi
0
1
0
0
0
1
2
0
0
4

bb
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
0

10

so
1
1
1
1
2
1
1
0
2

10

po
1
1
0
3

14
0
0
6
2

27

a
0
6
0
0
0
1
0
2
1
11

lob
1
0
0
2
0
0
0
1
0
5

Pitcher
SCOTT, Trevor 
CARILLO, Javier
KOLODIN, Dan W

ip
7.0
0.2
1.1

h
5
1
0

r
3
0
0

er
3
0
0

bb
0
1
0

so
7
0
1

ab
26
3
4

bf
26
5
4

np
100
20
19

TOTALS 

UCSD 13, Cal State Los Angeles 2   4/05/2014
Player
SHIRLEY, Brandon rf
LEWIS, Erik 2b
LA FACE, Nick dh
RAHN, Justin rf
CRUZ, Troy 3b
MANN, Michael 1b
LARSEN, Jack cf
LEVY, Brett c
HOWSLEY, Tyler ss

ab
5
4
4
6
4
5
5
4
5

46 

r
2
3
2
1
0
1
1
1
1
13

h
3
2
1
3
0
3
2
2
2

19

rbi
0
1
1
3
0
4
0
2
1
12

bb
0
2
1
0
0
0
1
1
0
6

so
1
0
1
2
1
0
0
1
1
9

po
3
1
0
2
1
11
2
3
2
27

a
0
5
0
0
1
0
0
0
3
10

lob
0
0
0
4
0
0
4
0
2
15

Pitcher
FASSLER, Blake
RIESER, Chad W 
HART, David
FRIEDBERG, Dean

ip
3.0
1.2
3.1
1.0

h
4
1
1
0

r
1
0
1
0

er
1
0
1
0

bb
0
3
1
0

so
1
2
0
2

ab
13
6
11
3

bf
14
9
12
3

np
61
42
37
15

TOTALS 

UCSD 2, Cal State Los Angeles 0   4/05/2014
Player
SHIRLEY, Brandon rf
LEWIS, Erik 2b
LA FACE, Nick c
RAHN, Justin rf
MANN, Michael 1b
LARSEN, Jack cf
LEUNG, Christian dh
TUCK, Garrett 3b
HOWSLEY, Tyler ss

ab
3
4
2
2
4
3
3
3
3
27

r
1
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
2

h
0
0
0
1
1
2
2
2
0
8

rbi
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
2

bb
1
0
2
1
0
0
0
0
0
4

so
1
1
1
0
3
0
0
0
1
7

po
1
3
3
1
8
0
0
1
2

21

a
1
4
0
0
2
0
0
1
2
11

lob
3
1
0
0
2
1
0
0
0
9

Pitcher
CRUZ, Troy W

ip
7.0

h
4

r
0

er
0

bb
2

so
2

ab
23

bf
26

np
94

TOTALS 

readers can contact
Brandon Yu    bcyu@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY SIDDHARTH ATRE/GUARDIAN FILE



This past Friday and Saturday, the 
UCSD track and field teams hosted 
the 21st annual Cal-Nevada Cham-
pionship. The event pulled high-level 
athletes from more than 20 schools in 
various parts of the titular states, but 
the Tritons stood up to the challenge, 
with the men finishing second overall 
and the women earning seventh. 

The two-day, twenty-event meet saw 
much success for both UCSD squads. 
The men and women’s teams sat in 
fourth and third place, respectively, 
after day one. 

“We had a great first day,” UCSD 
men’s head coach Tony Salerno told 
the UCSD athletics department. “Both 
the men’s and women’s distance squads 
in particular really performed well.”

After the first day of competition, 
UCSD had six Tritons qualify for finals 
on day two, recording three NCAA 
provisional qualifying marks. 

Sophomore distance Paige Hughes 
stole the show on Friday with a domi-
nating victory in the 10K. Her time of 
37 minutes,  4.39 seconds was 16 sec-
onds ahead of SDSU sophomore dis-
tance Grace Hanshaw. Hughes’ big fin-
ish, as well as the strong performances 
from her teammates junior distance 
Madison Tanner (37:58.17) and soph-
omore distance Chandler Colquitt 
(37:58.20), gave the Tritons 19 points 
on the first day.

Senior All-American Lauren Irish 
earned a NCAA provisional mark 
while hitting a personal record with 
her time of 1:01.66 in her season debut 

in the women’s 400-meter hurdles.
On Saturday, after eclipsing the 

NCAA provisional mark in the 
preliminaries on Friday, freshman 
sprints Jared Senese finished second 
in the men’s 800-meter with a time of 
1:51.62. He missed first place by half a 
second, earning the fifth-fastest time 
in program history. 

Junior distance Carlos Bojorquez, 
a San Diego native, earned the first-
place spot in the 1500-meter for the 
Tritons, finishing his section with a 
time of 3:55.18. Bojorquez finished a 
full second above UC Santa Barbara 
freshman Andrew Verdin. 

In other men’s distance events, soph-
omore distance Scott Acton finished 
the 10K in third, running the nearly 
six miles in 31:09.07, six seconds be-
hind the photo finish of Jackson Bright 
from UCSB and Jose Penaloza from 
Cal State Fullerton. Sophomore dis-
tance Tareq Alwafai finished the 5K in 
sixth with a time of 14:41.20, earning 
the Tritons four points.

Junior sprints Keith Rose finished 
second in the 100-meter dash. His 
time of 10.71 was a season best but 
not enough to beat Cal State Los An-
geles’s Gregory Veals, who won the 
men’s 200-meter dash and earned the 
Men’s Outstanding Track Athlete of 
the Meet.

Junior sprints Sabrina Pimentel fin-
ished second in the 800-meter dash 
with a time of 2:12.75, just one second 
behind SDSU sophomore Dynasty 
Gammage. Fellow junior distance An-
neke Kakebeen improved her time 
in the 3,000-meter steeplechase to 
11:14.13, finishing eighth and giving 

SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  A P R I L  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Tritons Sets Record Against UC Merced UCSD Finishes Strong at 
Cal-Nevada Championships

MEN'S  VOLLEYBALL TRACK  &  FIELD

UCSD falls to No. 7 UC Irvine before recording best hit percentage versus UC Merced.

The Triton men earn second overall, while the 
women place seventh among over twenty colleges. The UCSD men’s volleyball team 

went 1–1 in this past Friday and Sat-
urday’s contests, losing 3–1 to No. 7 
UC Irvine before routing UC Mer-
ced in a record-setting 3–0 win. In 
spite of the one loss, the two match-
es counted as a successful effort for 
the struggling Tritons who are now 
3–22 overall and 1–21 in the Moun-
tain Pacific Sports Federation. 

On Friday, UCSD fell to UC Irvine 
in four sets, as the two-time defend-
ing national champions’ offense ap-
peared too much for the Tritons to 
handle. UCSD’s .260 hitting percent-
age paled in comparison to the Ant-
eaters’ whopping .561. Moreover, se-
nior outside hitter Nick Iorfino was 
the only player for UCSD to reach 
double-digits in kills with 16, while 
Irvine had three athletes do so. 

While the Tritons kept it close in 
the first set, the Anteaters led from 
start to finish. The Tritons were 
two points behind at the 12–10 and 
15–13 marks, but Irvine ultimately 
secured a 25–20 victory. 

In the second set, UCSD rebound-
ed quickly with a tense 25–22 win. 
The Tritons and Anteaters battled 
hard throughout, before UCSD 
pulled away with a 5–0 run to lead 
24–21 and essentially close out the 
set. 

“We got off to a good start [in 
the second set],” UCSD head coach 
Kevin Ring said. “We sided out real-
ly well. I thought we really could’ve 
opened up that game. We missed out 
on some opportunities to score, but 
we kept siding out.” 

However, the Anteaters refused to 
allow another Triton advantage as 
they took the third and fourth sets, 

leading entirely throughout both. 
The third set saw UC Irvine jump 
ahead with a 15–9 edge. The Tri-
tons consequently failed to trim the 
deficit to less than four points in the 
25–18 loss. 

The fourth and final set showcased 
UC Irvine’s most dominant per-
formance as the Anteaters jumped 
to a 7–1 lead,  a lead scarcely con-
tested throughout the frame. UCSD 
lost the set and match with a 25–13 
score. 

Despite the defeat, Ring viewed 
the effort positively as the Tritons 

fought hard against their high-rank-
ing opponent. 

“It was nice to get what I think is 
our best lineup back on the court. We 
haven’t had that lineup for a lot of our 
matchups this year,” Ring said. “Games 
one and three, even though we lost, I 
thought we played pretty well, and we 
did a real nice job in game two.” 

The Tritons responded to Friday’s 
loss with a resounding victory against 
UC Merced with a record-breaking 
3–0 sweep. UCSD hit a whopping 
.554, the highest mark ever achieved 

BY  bran don yu
sports editor

by clay kau fman
staff writer

See M. VOLLEYBALL, page 11

See BASEBALL, page 11

See TRACK & FIELD, page 11

PHOTO BY SIDDHARTH ARTE/GUARDIAN FILE 

T he No. 29 nationally ranked UCSD baseball team swept a four-game series against Cal State Los Angeles over the week-end, bringing its winning streak to seven, an all-season best. The Tri-tons, who played the first two con-
tests at home before visiting Cal State 

Los Angeles for the final two games, 
moved to 21–10 overall and 17–7 in 

the California Collegiate Athletic As-
sociation play. 

This weekend’s sweep puts UCSD in 
the third qualifying spot for the league 
championship in early May. The Tri-
tons will meet three of the bottom four 
teams in the CCAA for their final 12 
conference games of the year, all but 
guaranteeing a postseason berth.

Thursday’s opener saw the Triton 
squad best Cal State Los Angeles 6–3 
and sophomore right-hander Justin 
Donatella (5–1) throw his fifth win of 
the year. Leading the UCSD pitching 
staff, Donatella allowed two earned 
runs, both coming in the first frame 
off of a double across eight innings. Se-
nior Scott Zeman relieved Donatella to 
throw a perfect ninth inning and record 

his fourth save of the 2014 campaign. 
Triton bats overcame a 3–0 deficit 

to clinch the 6–3 win by mounting a 
comeback in the seventh. Junior infield-
er Erik Lewis made the play of the game 
when he drove in a crucial run batted in 
late in the game to give UCSD the win. 
Sophomore Troy Cruz, the only Triton 
to start all 31 games, finished 2-for-3 on 
the night and earned a walk, triple, run 
and RBI. 

Game two at Triton Ballpark on Fri-
day saw a 4–3 victory for UCSD. The 
Tritons erased another 3–0 deficit, find-
ing the win after freshman outfielder 
Jack Larsen singled to center and drove 
in two for a walk-off victory in the 
ninth. 

“It’s always a good feeling coming in 
clutch for your team,” Larsen said. “We 
kept on battling, stayed with our ap-
proach and came up big again.”

In the third contest, the Tritons 
slugged a season-best 19 hits off the 
Golden Eagles’ staff to score 13 runs. 
Freshman outfielder Brandon Shirley 
started the offensive onslaught with a 
leadoff double on the second pitch of 
the game, unnerving Cal State Los An-

Sweeping to Seven

M. Golf
M. Tennis
W. Tennis
Baseball

W. Water Polo

   4/7
   4/8
   4/4   
   4/9
   4/11

AT Mustang Intercollegiate 
VS Point Loma 
VS Point Loma
AT California Baptist University
VS Cal State San Bernardino

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

BASEBALL

UCSD goes four-for-four in series against Cal State L.A. to extend win streak to seven games. 

BY John Story ASSOCIATE SPORTS EDITOR

PHOTO BY NHAN NGUYEN/GUARDIAN FILE




