
VOLUME 48, ISSUE 8  MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

STUDY ABROAD 
GUIDE

This issue, the UCSD 
Guardian gives you a 

glimpse into how it would be 
like to study abroad in ten 
of the most popular study 

abroad destinations.

DOG   GONE   RACISMS

THE  COMEBACK  KIDS

sdusd's  new  policies 

Water  Polo   Rallies  Against  LMU

opinion,  Page   4

sPORTS,  Page  12

MONDAY
H 74 L 59

TUESDAY
H 75 L 60

WEDNESDAY
H 80 L 60

CUM AFTR
H 80 L 59

FORECAST

VERBATIM
How college 
councils go 
about spend-
ing (or not 
spending) 
their back-
funding has 
the potential to develop into the 
drama du jour — but it doesn’t 
have to.”

- Soren Nelson
POINT OF ORDER

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Average Cat .................... 2
Quick Takes .................... 4
Classifieds .................... 10
Calendar ....................... 11
Cross Country ............... 12

“

features,  PAGE  6

ILLU
S

TR
ATIO

N
 B

Y
 A

N
N

IE
 LIU

G
U

A
R

D
IA

N

University of California admin-
istrators recently announced plans 
to partner with the College Board in 
order to implement a new campaign 
designed to eliminate academic bar-
riers for low-income and underrep-
resented high school students. An 
internal meeting between UCSD’s 
Early Academic Outreach Program 
and the College Board on the “All 
In” campaign, which will target pro-
spective UC students with poten-
tial for taking advanced-level high 
school courses, is set to take place 
on Nov. 10.

The University of California’s 
EAOP will work with the College 
Board’s Western Regional Office to 
better prepare these students for 
college admission. 

The proposed methods include 

increasing the number of students 
who take the PSAT/NMSQT — the 
SAT practice exam. Using the exam 
results, the All In campaign organiz-
ers hope to identify students who 
show the potential to partake in 
more rigorous high school courses, 
such as Advanced Placement cours-
es, and encourage them to enroll. 

The All In campaign will also 
attempt to bring awareness, training 
and advising to both students and 
parents on the importance of taking 
the PSAT/NMSQT and following 
up with advanced-level high school 
courses.

In the Class of 2014, 49 percent 
of California high school students 
sat for the PSAT/NMSQT. Of these 
test takers, 39 percent scored high 
enough, according to the College 
Board’s standards, to demonstrate 
potential to excel in one or more AP 
classes. However, only 31 percent 
of those who reached the College 

Board benchmark did enroll in rec-
ommended AP courses.

Rafeael Hernandez, the direc-
tor for University of California, 
San Diego’s EAOP, is helping to 
implement the campaign’s strate-
gies within the San Diego Unified 
School District. Other cities with 
targeted districts include Fresno, 
cities within the Inland Empire, 
Long Beach, Los Angeles, Oakland 
and Sacramento.

“It is our hope to identify stu-
dents who show such potential and 
increase the number of them who 
are UC eligible,” Hernandez said. 

However, the purpose of the pro-
gram is not necessarily to increase 
the number of students going into 
the University of California system, 
but to further encourage students to 
pursue higher education in general.

The University of California’s 

UC  SYSTEM

UC Attempts To Diversify AP Class Enrollment 
New Partnership With College Board to Prepare High School Students For Higher Education. 

BY   bryn na  bolt
contributing writer

At the San Diego City Council 
Environment Committee’s recom-
mendation, the full Council consid-
ered and approved a Level 2 Drought 
Alert status on Monday, Oct. 20. 
The alert, which imposes manda-
tory water usage restrictions on San 
Diego residents, will go into effect 
on Saturday, Nov. 1, with no planned 
end date.

The San Diego County Water 
Authority recommended a move to 
the Level 2 status earlier this past 
summer, aiming to reduce water con-
sumption among member agencies 
by up to 20 percent. San Diego Mayor 
Kevin Faulconer also urged the City 
Council to approve the Drought Alert 
status in an Oct. 7 press release.

“Working together as a commu-
nity, San Diego has done a tremen-
dous job in the past in responding 
to the call for water conservation,” 
Faulconer said. “For that, we say 
thank you, and now we must ask 
for your continued help as we face 
the uncertainty of future rainfall and 
water supplies at critical levels.”

The Level 2 Drought Alert will 
implement multiple regulations that 
were outlined in Faulconer’s press 
release. This includes a fixed schedule 
for lawn and landscape irrigation, a 
limit on automobile washing at cer-
tain times, the use of recycled water 
whenever possible and a ban on most 
ornamental fountains. They add on 
to existing year-round restrictions 
previously set in 2011. 

The city will assign about 10 staff 
members from the Public Utilities 
Department to uphold the mandates 
at no additional cost to water ratepay-
ers. Smartphone users can also report 
waste incidents with San Diego’s new 
Waste No Water app. 

Faulconer’s press secretary, Craig 
Gustafson, emphasized that enforce-
ment was more focused toward edu-
cating citizens about conservation 
measures rather than strictly penal-
izing them.

“The vast majority of people 
immediately correct their actions 
once they are notified by the city 
of a possible violation,” he told the 
UCSD Guardian. “If they do, no fine 
is issued.”

This is the second Drought Alert 
enacted in San Diego. The previ-
ous one lasted from 2009 to 2011, 
although the city, as well as the rest of 
Southern California, still experienced 
serious shortages before and after the 
alert status. 

According to San Diego 
Coastkeeper, a nonprofit grassroots 
organization that advocates for the 
protection of the region’s freshwater 
resources, the Metropolitan Water 

Council 
Restricts 
City-Wide
Water Usage

SAN  DIEGO

Regulations include limits on 
car washing, fixed schedule 
for landscape irrigation, and 
bans on ornamental fountains.

BY an drew  h uang
senior staff Writer

BY zev hurtwitz  Senior Staff Writer

CAMPUS

Three Colleges Reduce GEs

Three colleges announced changes to general education requirements last week in an apparent effort to boost four-year 
graduation rates.

Sixth, Revelle and Eleanor Roosevelt Colleges 
all sent emails to students on Wednesday, Oct. 
22 announcing the changes. All three colleges’ 
general education requirements have lowered the 
total amount of courses students need to complete 
college-specific requirements.

Students in Sixth College will no longer need 
to fulfill course requirements in “Ethical Context” 
and “Social Context” areas. Additionally, all 
courses taken for major credit can now also count 
to fulfill any other applicable general education 
requirements.

Furthermore, Sixth College students will 
no longer have limits on how many Advanced 
Placement credits can satisfy general education 
requirements. Sixth College Dean of Academic 
Advising Christine Fraser said that this rule, 
which previously limited one AP course to replace 

only one course per focus area, is already standard 
at other colleges.

“This change will help bring Sixth into 
conformity with the other colleges,” Fraser said.

Fraser also said that Sixth College students now 
have a total of 16 college-specific requirements — 
down from a previous 18.

ERC students will now have to complete only 
one fine arts requirement course, down from 
two. The change will also discard a previous 
requirement that at least one fine arts requirement 
be a “non-western” course.

“Now you will have the flexibility of any four unit 
fine art class, regardless of topic,” Interim Roosevelt 
College Provost Richard Madsen wrote in an email 
to ERC students on Wednesday. “If you have already 
completed the original two course requirement, the 
units can either be used as elective credit toward 
graduation, or if appropriate, the lower division 
course for the Regional Specialization requirement.”

Revelle students will see changes to their degree 
audits, as well, after their college’s advising 

See AUDITS, page 3

See DROUGHT, page 3

Sixth, Revelle and Eleanor Roosevelt Colleges all slash general education requirements. 

See AP, page 3

SWIM  &  DIVE

Leading Off
Triton swimmers prepare for a race during a day-long meet at Canyonview Aquatics Center on October 18. Story in SPORTS, Page 
12. Photo by Daniel Roberto/Guardian.



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Cap and Screw.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Lauren Koa

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Salena Quach

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Joselynn Ordaz

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa, Zoe McCracken

Copy Readers
Andrew Chao, Christina Lee, Jennifer Grundman Micaela 

Stone, Kriti Sarin, Regina Young

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Jonah Yonker

TACO SHOP

www.eataburrito.com

858-456-0462

FREE
TACOS
ROLLED

Buy any 4 Burritos
(Cali, La Jolla, Vegi, 
or Scripps) burritos. 
Get 15 Rolled Tacos 

with cheese!

No Cash Value • Must have 
coupon • Cannot combine 
coupons at the register • 

Expires 6/15/2015

SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

UCSD Medical Researchers Discover New Fusion Protein 

Research conducted at the 
UCSD School of Medicine has led 
to the identification of a new fusion 
protein, PTPRZ-MET, found in 15 
percent of secondary glioblastomas, 
or GBMs. The findings, published 
earlier this month in the online 
edition of Genome Research, 
offer valuable insight into the 
aggressiveness of the GBM brain 
tumors.

Dr. Clark Chen, vice chairman 
of Neurosurgery Research and 
Academic Development and Dr. Bob 
Carter.,. professor of surgery and 
chief of neurosurgery, were among 
the principal investigators. Both 
Chen and Carter are researchers at 

the Moores Cancer Center.
In their study, Chen and Carter 

used a technology called RNA-
Seq, a method typically used to 
identify and quantify both rare and 
common transcripts, to identify 
several new protein combinations. 
They collected data from 272 
clinical tumor specimens taken 
from patients diagnosed with either 
secondary glioblastoma or a form of 
the cancer’s precursor.

While past genomic profiling has 
yielded understanding of primary 
glioblastoma, secondary glioblastoma 
has remained a relative mystery. In 
most cases, primary glioblastoma 
appears in older subjects with little to 
no history of malignant precursors. 
Secondary glioblastoma, the more 
deadly of the two, more often appears 
in younger patients and progresses 

from low-grade, less aggressive 
tumors into full-blown GBMs.

The study was meant to profile the 
changing RNA landscape of GBMs 
during the progression of the tumor.

It discovered a recurrent fusion 
of the PTPRZ and MET genes in 
the transcripts of those affected by 
secondary glioblastoma. Such genes 
are not normally found next to 
each other, and most of the fusion 
junctions identified occurred in 
seemingly random locations. These 
findings revealed that the RNA 
sequences of brain tumors grow 
increasingly more abnormal as 
they become more malignant. The 
PTPRZ-MET fusion proved to be 
extremely aggressive, and patients 
afflicted with such a fusion showed 
significantly higher mortality rates 
relative to patients afflicted with 

non PTPRZ-MET-harboring GBMs.
The further implications of this 

study could mean that research has 
taken another step towards a more 
personalized oncological care.

Still, Dr. Jie Li, co-author of the 
paper, emphasizes that personal care 
could still be a ways into the future.

“These patients may have or may 
not have this PTPRZ-MET protein,” 
Li said. “We hope we can see some 
kind of affect by the inhibitor to 
suppress the tumor growth and 
prolong survival.”

Researchers are unsure if, over 
time, other pathways will become 
activated in order to replace the 
inhibited pathway within the tumor 
cell.

BY   bryn na  bo lt
staff writer

readers can contact
brynna  bolt  bbolt@ucsd.edu 

ucsdguardian.org

CAN’T GET ENOUGH?  FIND MORE ONLINE AT: 



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

LIGHTS  &  SIRENS
Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police 
Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

Friday, Oct. 17
10:52 a.m.: Medical Aid
A young adult female had a seizure 
and passed out in Galbraith Hall. 
Transported to hospital.
3:30 p.m.: Excessive Alcohol
An intoxicated female had difficulty 
getting up and exiting a Metropolitan 
Transit System bus. Transported to 
hospital.
11:40 p.m.: Grand Theft
A backpack containing a laptop and 
miscellaneous papers was left on a 
table at Porter’s Pub and stolen, with 
the loss totaling $1,404. Online report.

Saturday, Oct. 18
12:45 a.m.: Excessive Alcohol
An intoxicated subject battered San 
Diego Fire Department paramedics 
at the South Mesa Apartments. 
Transported to hospital.
10:33 p.m.: Injury
A student at the Village West 
suffered a hand wound while 
carving a pumpkin. Transported to 
hospital.

Sunday, Oct. 19
12:17 a.m.: Disturbance
An adult female reportedly 
screamed and tried to exit a vehicle 
as it drove away from the Matthews 
Apartments. Report taken.
10:23 p.m.: Battery
A female subject battered an MTS 
bus driver and another rider after 
arguing over the bus fare and being 
asked to exit the bus. Report taken.

Monday, Oct. 20
12:19 a.m.: Suspicious Person
An adult male was staring at 
the reporting party in the Sixth 
College Apartments laundry room, 

making her feel uncomfortable. 
Checks OK.
2:14 a.m.: Information
According to a Community Service 
Officer, a vehicle had apparent tire 
damage and was left at the Pangea 
Parking Structure for a long period 
of time. Information only. 
11:18 p.m.: Medical Aid
A young adult male in the Sixth 
College Apartments stated his body 
was tingling all over. Transported 
to hospital.

Tuesday, Oct. 21
2:44 a.m.: Injury
A young adult male sprained his 
ankle while playing basketball at the 
Tamarack Apartments. Transported 
to hospital.
9:12 a.m.: Injury 
A young adult female fell off her 
skateboard, suffering a head injury 
and road rash. Information only.
11:54 p.m.: Public Intoxication
An intoxicated male threw rocks and 
fought with security at Porter’s Pub. 
Closed by adult arrest.

Wednesday, Oct. 22
9:40 a.m.: Welfare Check
An adult male was reportedly 
standing on a ledge at the Gilman 
Parking Structure in a possible 
suicide attempt. Transported to 
hospital for evaluation.

Thursday, Oct. 23
10:01 a.m.: Citizen Contact
A motorcyclist almost hit the 
reporting party while pulling into a 
parking space. Information only.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer 

office announced it was completely 
eliminating the three-course area 
focus requirement. Additionally, the 
language proficiency requirement for 
transfer students was removed from 
the curriculum.

Revelle Provost Paul K. L. Yu told 
the UCSD Guardian that general 
education changes were determined 
during a review of the curriculum 
by the Revelle College Executive 
Committee.

“In connection with that review, 

the committee considered proposals to 
streamline requirements in an effort to 
improve the time-to-degree for Revelle 
College students, without diminishing 
the quality of a UCSD education,” 
Yu wrote in an Oct. 24 email to the 
Guardian.

Sarah Spear-Barrett, dean of 
academic advising at ERC and chair 
of the intercollege Council of Deans 
of Academic Advising said that the 
changes for all three colleges’ curricula 
were discussed independently at the 
college level, before being approved in 
an Oct. 14 meeting.

A 2012–13 report on graduation 
rates showed that in 2008, the four-
year graduation rate at UCSD was only 
56 percent — though 81 percent of 
students finished their degrees by the 
end of their sixth year.

“We’re really excited about the 
changes,” Sixth College Provost Daniel 
J. Donoghue told the Guardian. 
“We’ve implemented these changes 
to help streamline students’ time to 
graduation.”

District supplies 45 percent of San 
Diego’s water but has only one-third 
of its stored reserves remaining. 

San Diego entered a voluntary 
Level 1 Drought Watch status in July, 
reducing water use by 4.4 percent in 
August and 5.7 percent in September. 
Even so, Coastkeeper lobbied City 
Council to further increase cutbacks 
on usage to help alleviate the crisis. 

“Since the governor declared a 
drought state of emergency in January 
2014, San Diego Coastkeeper has met 

with representatives from the staff 
and elected bodies of regional cities 
and water agencies to urge them to 
take action,” Coastkeeper Executive 
Director Megan Baehrens said. “[The 
alert] is not a quick fix, and this is not 
a temporary drought — the way we 
think about water and how we use it 
must evolve with climate and popula-
tion realities.”

Coastkeeper praised the City 
Council’s unanimous passage of the 
Level 2 Drought Alert, stating that 
it would continue to work with San 
Diego officials to enforce and educate 

the public about the passed guide-
lines. The organization’s waterkeeper, 
Matt O’Malley, added that such cut-
backs should eventually become the 
norm in San Diego and the state as 
well.

In response to California’s grow-
ing water deficiency, UCSD itself cre-
ated the Clean Water Utility Initiative 
in 2009 to organize responsible water 
management and green infrastruc-
ture improvements. 

Reduction in Courses May Accelerate Degree Completion Rates.

readers can contact
zev  hurtwitz  zhurtwitz@ucsd.edu 

▶ AUDITS from page 1

New Drought Alert is First Status Change for City Since July  
▶ DROUGHT from page 1

readers can contact
andrew huang  aehuang@ucsd.edu 

involvement with the All In cam-
paign is a part of a much wider mis-
sion to diversify UC campuses. 

Other new UC initiatives that 
aim to increase the diversity of col-

lege campuses include the Puente 
Project, a program focused on 
increasing the literacy development 
of high school and community col-
lege students hoping to enroll in 
four-year colleges and universities, 
and Scout, a program that allows 

middle and high school students 
to take college prep, AP, Honors, 
International Baccalaureate and 
recovery courses online.

Several UC-Backed Initiatives to Boost Learning Are in the Works 
▶ AP from page 1

readers can contact
andrew huang  aehuang@ucsd.edu 

TWEET US @UCSDGUARDIAN



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORLAUREN  KOAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

College 
Councils, Be 
Smart About 
Backfunding

soren  nelson 
senelson@ucsd.edu

point of order

Backfunding. It’s a word that, for those of us who are involved in student 
government, elicits a range of 
emotions. Last year, after an 
extended and dramatic debate that 
all but destroyed A.S. and college 
council relations, it was decided 
that A.S. Council would pay college 
councils close to a quarter million 
dollars — money that should have 
been allocated to college councils 
over many years, and for whatever 
reason, hadn’t been. It was a windfall 
for college councils, some of which 
(including mine) had been struggling 
financially. For an already cash-
strapped A.S. Council, it was painful.

  For the time being, backfunding 
is no longer an issue. How college 
councils spend their newfound 
wealth, however, is an issue — or 
at least is about to become one. 
From the College Business Office, 
the office that handles the college 
councils’ money, to members of A.S. 
Council, organizations have started 
questioning college councils on how 
they plan to spend the money and 
when they’re going to start.

I want you to imagine you’ve just 
won the lottery. It’s exciting, right? 
We’ve all daydreamed about how we 
would spend a big pot of money. But 
this time, there’s a catch: You have to 
decide how to spend it right there on 
the spot. With the pressure mounting 
from the CBO and members of 
A.S. Council to start spending the 
money, that’s how college councils 
are starting to feel. The reality is 
that our time in office is too short 
to see any meaningful long-term 
projects through to completion. Some 
councils have suggested pooling our 
money to host an event that, without 
this kind of money, would not have 
been possible before. Collaboration 
has never been strong between 
college councils, and without a strong 
organization like A.S. Concerts and 
Events to coordinate the details, an 
inter-college collaboration seems 
unlikely. Quite frankly, we have no 
idea how to spend the money.

How college councils go about 
spending (or not spending) their 
backfunding has the potential to 
develop into the drama du jour — but 
it doesn’t have to. There are some 
things we can do as student leaders to 
help avoid that.

First, college councils need to 
get serious about what they’re going 
to do with the money. Charge a 
committee, devote a meeting to the 
topic or poll your constituents — 
whatever you have to do to decide 
how you want to move forward. 
Make a plan and stick to it.

Second, members of 
A.S. Council and the UCSD 
administration need to take the 
pressure off. College councils are 
used to handling large sums of 
money. In fact, it’s our primary 
function. Let us do what we do 
best. Give us time to make an 
inclusive, reasoned plan for how to 
use the money.

Third, and most important, 
remember whose money this is. It 
belongs to the students. Whether 
it’s in one bank account or another 
should make little difference. This 
money was given to us by them to 
do a job. 

So let’s get to work. 

YouTube has been swept by a pranking trend, but not all pranks are 
created equal. For example, one video on YouTube involves a man putting 
a cardboard cutout of his girlfriend’s cat on the edge of a windowsill. The 
girlfriend comes in, the cardboard falls, she cries and hilarity ensues. 
Eventually, all is well when he tells her the truth. Pranks like this should 
be seen as bearable and perfectly fine for entertainment.

However, there is a dark side to this fad. Sam Pepper’s method of 
turning sexual harassment into a joke, while an isolated incident, is no 
laughing matter and should not be taken lightly. The very essence of 
pranking is derived from a mischievous intent to cause some level of 
discomfort in somebody and inspire laughter out of everybody else. The 
problem, though, lies between the line of minor discomfort and a blatant 
disregard of human dignity, and by infringing on a number of women’s 
personal space, Pepper has crossed that line.

Does this mean that a purge of the genre is necessary — that every man 
or woman waiting to prank some hapless soul is as petty and perverted as 
Pepper? Of course not. 

There is a world’s difference between being slightly embarrassed over 
a prank versus feeling one’s personal autonomy violated. There is nothing 
wrong with a harmless prank meant to get a little humor out of the day, 
but Pepper’s actions were anything but innocent. If convicted of these 
allegations of sexual harassment, Pepper should be punished to the full 
capacity of the law.

—  JORDAN UTLEY-THOMPSON
Contributing Writer

Society Should Not Accept Videos Showcasing 
Sexual Harassment as Humor or Entertainment  

Sam Pepper’s Videos Are Not Representative of  
Entire YouTube’s Harmless Pranking Trend

Apparently, pinching the bottoms of uncomfortable-looking women in 
online videos is Sam Pepper’s preferred method of raising awareness for male 
sexual harassment. After his video received 20 million views, the Internet 
responded with a predictable backlash and YouTube removed the video. In no 
instance should abusive behavior be excused as humorous entertainment.

According to a study by the Pew Research Center, young women between 
ages 18 and 29 are the most susceptible to experiencing severe forms of online 
sexual harassment, so it’s completely ironic to suggest that directly harming 
women will increase the focus on male victims. Several anonymous women 
have used YouTube as a platform to express outrage against Pepper and even 
Laci Green, the creator of YouTube’s Sex Positive channel who started a petition 
asking Pepper to stop making these videos, which got over 100,000 signatures. 
This response clearly shows that allegations of rape and assault made against 
Pepper are no laughing matter. 

Pepper represents a bigger problem, as more online comedians use abusive 
behaviors as entertainment. On YouTube, comedian Adrian Van Oyen asks 
indignant couples for a threesome. The channel Whatever has a girl approach 
strangers and tell each of them she is pregnant with his baby, and the channel 
Simple Pickup motorboats women’s breasts allegedly for breast cancer awareness. 
These channels lack the qualifications to justify their jokes as social experiments. 
The term awareness does not automatically redeem the exploitation of strangers 
in videos, and the backlash that Pepper has received as a result of his video 
demonstrates that society does not accept this kind of humor as funny.

— CASSIA POLLOCK
Contributing Writer

QUICK TAKES YOUTUBER SAM PEPPER HAS BEEN CHARGED WITH SEXUAL ASSAULT ALLEGATIONS AFTER THE MEDIA BACKLASH OF HIS VIDEO GRABBING FEMALE’S BOTTOMS.

A Paw-ful Policy

San Diego Unified School District use of  a detection dog and searches of  student 
property to solve student violence is a racially charged violation of  privacy.

Since the school year started, San Diego Unified School District high schools have seen an increased amount of violence on their campuses. Outside our La Jolla bubble, several violent fights 
among African-American and Latino students have broken out and 
have even led to a few arrests. Surprisingly, these fights have been over 
random, high school-esque problems and issues, such as ownership 
of a skateboard. But instead of communicating with students to solve 
conflicts and violence, several SDUSD high schools have arbitrarily 
employed a drug-sniffing German shepherd in an attempt to make their 
campuses safer. 

The district specifically purchased a trained drug-sniffing dog 
and SDUSD principals have the power to request the presence of 
this dog on their campuses at any time. San Diego schools have 
been allowed to employ drug-sniffing dogs since 2002, they previ-
ously had to pay an outside agency for this service. But having a 
drug-sniffing dog at these particular schools now not only inhibits 
students’ privacy, it also demonstrates how law enforcement wrong-
fully chooses to racially profile minorities in the more extensive 
fight against youth drug use. 

This latest decision is a racist policing and intimidation tactic 
and one that does not belong in schools, especially where the pres-
ence of this drug dog has been fruitless since its onset. Additionally, 
unwarranted invasions of privacy and racial bias should have no 

place in any education system. Employing more high school conflict 
counselors, on-campus security and other methods on campus 
would be a far better investment to try and prevent campus vio-
lence. 

Administrators should be putting their energy and attention 
towards measures that can solve conflicts, rather than making 
racially charged decisions. In its efforts to supposedly improve 
safety, the district has only targeted schools with higher minority 
enrollment. Of the nearly 2,000 students at Lincoln High School, 
over 1,200 of them identify as Latino and about 500 identify 
African-American. On the other hand, approximately 800 of the 
1,100 students at Coronado High School, also in the district, are 
white and have not been subjected to the random drug searches 
that their counterparts at Lincoln must face.

The San Diego Union-Tribune listed some of the schools 
— including Lincoln High School, San Diego High School and 
Clairemont High School — where the district dog has been used 
to conduct student searches. Virtually all of the schools listed are 
located in urban, minority-dominated areas, while schools like La 
Jolla High School and the aforementioned Coronado High are both 
predominantly white campuses and located in more affluent areas, 
receiving no searches at all. Administrators are wrong to think that 
they can turn a blind eye to what their richer neighbors are doing and 

See SEARCH, page 5

BY  rosina  garcia  contributing writer
illustration   by  jenna mccloskey



their selective presence at poorer 
campuses does not foster a healthy 
or wholesome learning environment 
for their students. If anything, these 
students and puts them in a position 
that assumes they have already done 
wrong, effectively overturning the 
American value of “innocent until 
proven guilty.” 

Parents of these students have 
rightfully questioned whether or 
not the presence of this dog actually 
makes the campuses safer. Fox News 
reports that many parents have 
expressed concern about the random 
searches and how they breach their 
children’s privacy. It’s been reported 
that searches can be conducted at 

any time, and authorities do not 
need the students’ permission to 
conduct a search of their belongings. 
This is not only unjustified, but also 
unlawful as these types of searches 
would normally require warrants. 
And in order for a search warrant 
to be issued, a judge needs to deter-
mine if there is probable cause at a 
specific location by a specific person 
or persons. 

Earlier this year, NBC San Diego 
reported that a student brought a 
loaded gun to Hilltop High School, 
and a search warrant was issued 
thereafter to search his house for 
other weapons. In this case, prob-
able cause was established because 
the authorities had reason to check 
to make sure the student was not 

in possession of other weapons. A 
legitimate reason should always be 
established as to why a student’s 
personal belongings are being 
ransacked. 

Drugs are pervasive at multiple 
schools in the greater San Diego 
area, but the fact that only the 
schools with high minority popula-
tions have been targeted with the 
drug-sniffing dog program indi-
cates a hidden agenda with heavy 
racial undertones. Authorities will 
do well to put an end to a program 
that has been a mistake from the 
start before they further widen the 
disparity among social groups. 

O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

• are generally healthy,
with no known diseases

• are willing to donate blood
• weigh at  least 110 lbs.

• are between the ages of 18-65
• are non-smokers (past or present)

• have no history of substance abuse

We are conducting a research study to analyze the 
immune system, of healthy people to understand how 

genetic factors affect the function of immune cells.  
We are looking for volunteers who:

Qualified participants will be asked to provide 
information regarding their medical history and will 

be compensated up to $300 for their time and 
donating blood.

Are you a

If you would like more information 
or think that you may be eligible for 

this study, please call our study 
coordinator at(858) 752-6979 or 

email study@liai.org

HEALTHY PERSON?
LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

         (Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Do you suffer
from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 

blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You will 
be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 
752-6979 or email (study@lji.org), and 

mention the Sette-Allergy study to find 
out more information.

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get
HAY FEVER?

Correction(s): 
The illustration credit for the 
Oct. 23, 2014 story “Pave the 
Way for More Parking” was 
mislabeled as the work of Elyse 
Yang. The illustration pictured 
is the artwork of Irene Luu.

The Oct. 23, 2014 story “Cafe 
Ventanas’ Waffle Theme is Not 
a Hit” lacked an illustration 
credit. The illustration should 
be credited to Jenna McCloskey 
and is pictured below.

WORLD FRONT HERO By David Juarez

New Security Policies Presumes Wrongdoing from Students of  Color
▶ SEARCH, from page 4

The UCSD Guardian corrects all 
errors brought to the attention of 
its editors. 
Corrections can be sent to 
editor@ucsdguardian.org.

readers can contact
rosina  garcia    rmg008@ucsd.edu 

LIKE US ON 
FACEBOOK.

facebook.com/
ucsdguardian



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY  RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

AROUND THE WORLD
with the UCSD Guardian

Art by Annie Liu

Students interested in studying abroad can rest assured that they are in good company. According to the Office 
of Student Research and Information, 1,100 UCSD students studied abroad in 53 different countries during the 

2012-13 academic year alone. Specifically, students have the opportunity of going abroad through the Global Sem-
inars, Education Abroad (UCEAP), Opportunities Abroad, departmentally hosted programs through the University 

and other independent programs. UCSD’s Programs Abroad Office (pao.ucsd.edu) offers a step-by-step guide to 
planning a trip abroad, as well as more information about each specific program. In this issue, our writers give you 
a glimpse into the sights, sounds and cultures of some of the most popular study abroad destinations. Bon voyage!



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

    

TRAVEL. LEARN. LIVE.

BUILD YOUR 
STUDY ABROAD
eap.ucop.edu

Study Abroad with the  
University of California
EXPLORE MANY OPTIONS 
MULTI-CITY • INTERNSHIPS  
RESEARCH • SUMMER  
SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY 

43 
CoUntrieS

115
UniverSitieS  
ServinG

ALL  
UC MAjorS

UCSD Study Abroad Fair
October 27, 11 am–3 pm
Price Center West Ballroom

SPAIN
Written by Chanelle Wang

We all know that you haven’t been practicing the 
Spanish that you spent four years learning in high 
school. Why put all that time to waste? Study abroad 
in Spain, and you’ll have the wonderful opportunity 
not only to relearn the language you have long forgot-
ten, but also to embrace the beauty of the country.
Spend the weekdays studying in the courtyard of the 
Alhambra, a castle located in the city of Granada, 
and spend the weekends partying in Ibiza, an island 
just off the coast of Spain. For those who hold naps 
dear to their hearts, find solace in “la siesta” from 2 
p.m. to 5 p.m., during which every shop, restaurant 
and school shuts down to allow their workers to rest 
during the hottest part of the day in the comfort of 
their own homes. Later, test your physical abilities and 
agility by successfully running with the bulls without 
a scratch in San Fermin at the annual Running of the 
Bulls festival.

Pack your tank tops, shorts and bathing suits for 
the summer, but don’t forget to bring a few jackets as 
it does get cold during the winter. Spain boasts a rich 
culture and has breathtaking views that everyone is 
sure to enjoy after a long day of academics.

Aside from English being one of the official 
languages, the convenience and inexpensiveness 
of transportation throughout the country and the 
plethora of hawker centres — open-air food courts 
— with an even greater amount of food to eat 
inside, Singapore will wholly satisfy any student 
keen on studying abroad. Under UCEAP, students 
intending to study abroad will be applying to the 
National University of Singapore, not only a well-
esteemed university for Singaporeans but one of the 
top universities worldwide in several fields includ-
ing engineering, technology and life sciences. The 
chance for renowned education is coupled with 
the rare opportunity to study in an economic hub 
of Southeast Asia, as the costs of budget airlines 
through countries such as Myanmar, Thailand and 
Vietnam will keep your wallet happy and satisfy 
your wanderlust. If I were you, I’d dive into tempta-
tion and bite into the Singaporean “apple.”

SINGAPORE
Written by vincent pham

AUSTRALIA
Written by TINA BUTOIU

When considering where to 
study abroad, aim high and think 
down under. Australia offers a jolly 
fun beach experience. 

Some of the majors the 
UCEAP caters to in Australia 
include communication, politi-
cal science and marine biology. 
Students can study in a university 
in Brisbane, Canberra, Melbourne, 
Perth, Sydney, Wollongong or the 
University of Queensland on the 
coast.

If you enjoy water activi-
ties at La Jolla Shores, you will 
surely be amazed snorkeling at 
Australia’s Great Barrier Reef and 
surfing at Sydney’s Bondi Beach. 
Furthermore, Australia’s bound-
less wildlife and natural preserves 
nurture the adventurous soul with 
plenty of outback adventures all 
around the country. If you are into 
the urban side of life, fear not, 
Sydney’s stunning skyline and jazz 
clubs surely will not disappoint.

Would you like to gain a whole-package 
experience in the world-renowned University of 
Cambridge? The Pembroke King’s Programme 
is your chance. This eight-week summer pro-
gram is hosted in two of the 31 colleges of 
Cambridge, Pembroke and King’s College, right 
in the heart of the beautiful and prosperous 
Cambridge City. Don’t worry too much about 
packing before the trip — they have malls no 
less fancy than our very own UTC.  

After being accepted to Pembroke King’s 
Programme, you are free to select three 
courses from a pool of 50 topics covering 
almost any field you can imagine. Courses 
are “‘Cambridge’ in style, content and stan-
dard.” The Formal Halls might also interest 
you: five formal dinners throughout the two 
months where everybody dresses up, sits in 
the Harry Potter-style dining hall and gets 
ready to be provided with great cuisine and 

wine by the suited-up servers. Since the pro-
gram goes through the UCEAP, credits and 
your GPA will be transferred back to UCSD 
without much of an administrative struggle.

Besides the dining halls that serve great 
food, the have-it-all Cambridge City will 
certainly light up your hopes of British 
cuisine with its stellar restaurants, bars and 
eateries. 

CAMBRIDGE, ENGLAND
Written by Yiulin  Liu

BERLIN, GERMANY
As people who go to school in California, 

UCSD students are truly aware that nothing 
contributes to the educational process as much as 
studying in a diverse, open-minded community. 
It is safe to say that Berlin is one of the few places 
where cultural diversity and the vibrant environ-
ment of a European capital allows you to get out 
of your comfort zone and develop as a person.

Offering five study abroad programs in Berlin, 
UCEAP provides students with a unique oppor-
tunity to take classes in one of the two big-
gest universities of the German capital — Free 
University of Berlin or Humboldt University. 
Language courses are not mandatory, but taking 

a German language class will allow you to experi-
ence life as a true Berliner (and we are not talking 
about the famous jelly doughnuts).

UCEAP academics, together with Berlin out-
of-class activities, can change your perspective 
on a huge variety of topics, from 20th century 
European history to the world history of street 
art. And of course, after a month, semester or 
year in Berlin, the local club scene will change 
your understanding of what it means to “party 
hard.”

The only sad part of studying abroad in bus-
tling Berlin is moving back to small town La Jolla. 
But who says you can’t go back?

JAPAN
Written by Teiko yakobson

From the bustling subway stations of Tokyo to 
the antique Kyoto streets where kimono-clad geisha 
can still be seen floating amongst civilians, Japan 
will breathe culture into every moment of your 
experience. If a bowl of authentic ramen catered to 
perfection is worth having to leave your shoes at the 
door, then consider sending yourself to this exciting 
country.

UCEAP is the way to go if you want the cer-
tainty of courses transferring and the certainty that 
financial aid will apply. While programs are centered 
on Japanese culture, science majors can also apply 
to Osaka University, Tohoku University and Tokyo 
University, where you’ll lend a hand on cutting-edge 

research (no Japanese language skill required).
Japan cycles dramatically through all four sea-

sons, which means you can expect hot, humid sum-
mers and cold, snowy winters. There’s also two rainy 
seasons, but take comfort in knowing that every store 
will be selling umbrellas at that time!

The good news about the supposed “language 
barrier” is that nearly all Japanese people understand 
English; the bad news is that not everyone has the 
courage to speak it to you. Those who do, how-
ever, will be enthusiastic about meeting and having 
a chance to practice their English with you — and 
will be glad to tour you around wherever you like 
in return. 

written by OLGA GOLUBKOVA



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

Eighty-seven years ago, F. Scott Fitzgerald said that “the 
American in Paris is the best American.” The true beauty of 
Paris — a city that seems forever trapped in a magnificent 
sepia Instagram filter — is that an observation made almost 
a century ago holds up as if it were made yesterday, a fitting 
tribute to perhaps the only city that truly stretches as far as 
the eye can see.

For French speakers, there is no better way to find true 
cultural immersion than by studying at the UC Center in 
Paris. Not as fluent in the language? There are several pro-
grams for beginners, including a few that allow the quarter 
abroad to be split between London and Paris.

Looking for that French experience but wary of the big 
city life? No problem. Exchange programs at the University 
of Bordeaux or the University of Lyon allow for a more tra-
ditional campus experience, as long as you feel comfortable 
braving the chilly winter. Whether you’re just an average 
Jacques looking for a fun few months or a souffle connois-
seur with an appetite for knowledge, there’s sure to be a 
program for you.

FRANCE
Written by Sam Shapiro

If you enjoy a diversification of ethnic 
food, religion and a multitude of culture, then 
participating in a study abroad program in India 
is the right place for you! India is known for being 
very colorful and culturally complex: intermixing a 
population of rural, traditional and agrarian people. 
It houses one-sixth of the world’s population, with 
over a billion people that live in the subcontinent 
and has one of the fastest growing economies of the 
world. UCSD offers study abroad in several cities in 
India, including Hyderabad, Pune, Mumbai, New 
Delhi, Jaipur and Kumaun. The program is open 
to majors in communication, anthropology, gender 
studies, history, Hindi, philosophy and business. 
If you are involved in one of these majors and are 
considering studying abroad, then India might be 
the perfect place for your international experience! 

INDIA
Written by Meryl Press

Located between the Pacific Ocean and the 
Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica is a beautiful country 
with mountains as tall as 2,000 feet and countless 
beaches. Because the country has a climate so similar 
to UCSD’s, the students who choose to study in Costa 
Rica will have the perks of feeling at home and the 
opportunity to get a tan in an exotic land. 

Because Costa Rica abolished its military in 1948, 
its government was able to concentrate its funds 
towards education and health programs, making 
Costa Rica a very attractive country for study abroad 
programs. While learning Spanish in a country sur-
rounded by natural beauty, students can also study in 
one of the richest wildlife reservations in the world 
— future scientists will receive hands-on training for 
research in the many rainforests and labs located in 
Costa Rica.

When students want to take a break, they can 
visit one of the many mountains in Costa Rica, 
such as those in Arenal Volcano National Park. You 
can choose from many outdoor activities, such as 
whitewater rafting, canoeing, waterfall repelling and 
hiking, which can take visitors to a lake in which they 
can swim and enjoy the scenery. Costa Rica is one 
of the most visited tourist destinations and can offer 
much to UCSD students studying there.

COSTA RICA
Written by SOO YUN PARK

Located between the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean 
Sea, Costa Rica is a beautiful country with mountains as tall 
as 2,000 feet and countless beaches. Because the country has 
a climate so similar to UCSD’s, the students who choose to 
study in Costa Rica will have the perks of feeling at home 
and the opportunity to get a tan in an exotic land. 

Because Costa Rica abolished its military in 1948, its 
government was able to concentrate its funds towards 
education and health programs, making Costa Rica a very 
attractive country for study abroad programs. While learn-
ing Spanish in a country surrounded by natural beauty, 
students can also study in one of the richest wildlife reser-
vations in the world — future scientists will receive hands-
on training for research in the many rainforests and labs 
located in Costa Rica.

When students want to take a break, they can visit one of 
the many mountains in Costa Rica, such as those in Arenal 
Volcano National Park. You can choose from many outdoor 
activities, such as whitewater rafting, canoeing, waterfall 
repelling and hiking, which can take visitors to a lake in 
which they can swim and enjoy the scenery. Costa Rica is 
one of the most visited tourist destinations and can offer 
much to UCSD students studying there.

BOLOGNA,
 ITALYWritten by 

SOO YUN PARK

PHOTO BY TED MCGRATH/FLICKR

PHOTO BY SANDEEPACHETAN.COM/FLICKR

PHOTO BY VALERIA BOLZAN/FLICKR

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 E
U

S
TA

Q
U

IO
 S

A
N

TI
M

A
N

O
/F

LI
C

K
R

ucsdguardian.org

check us out online.



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

Tritons Conclude Regular Season, Will Prepare for CCAAs

there and really battling the guys.”
UCSD’s men’s team finished with 

32 points, with junior Scott Acton (sev-
enth), junior Daniel Franz (11th) and 
senior Daniel Hauptman (15th) as the 
three other Triton scorers. Following 
behind the blue and gold were Califor-
nia Collegiate Athletic Association op-
ponents San Francisco State, who took 
second place, and Cal State Monterey 
Bay, who finished third. 

The women’s side looked as domi-
nant as the Triton men, with all five 
scorers finishing in the top 14 in the 6K 
race. Behind sophomore Skyler Storie 
(first place from Dixie State), Triton 
junior Corinne Hinkle finished at a 

team-best fourth place with a time of 
22:37.8. Junior Paige Hughes crossed 
the line at fifth, while junior Chandler 
Colquitt took ninth on a sprint finish. 
Seniors Madison Tanner and Michelle 
Le Roux completed the race in 11th 
and 14th, respectively.

“[Alwafai and Hinkle] both really 
stepped into really strong leadership 
positions for us this year,” Garcia 
said. “Corinne has done a great job 
leading by example [in] the way she 
contributes to the team throughout 
the week and not just on weekends. 
She’s been great. She did a good job 
today against some of the best girls 
in the western region.”

The women’s group finished with 
43 points, topping Azusa Pacific (62 

points) and Cal State Monterey Bay 
(102 points).

“Before this season even started, 
we sat down and we said we need to 
do better than [last season],” Garcia 
said. “We need to defend our posi-
tion and also make a run for the 
conference title. I’m just really ex-
cited to see that the team is ready to 
embrace that challenge.”     

Sitting at second in conference 
standings, UCSD now faces a two-
week break before the start of the 
postseason. The Tritons will run in the 
CCAA Championships hosted by Cal 
State San Bernardino on Nov. 8.

▶ CROSS COUNTRY, from page 12

readers can contact
marcus  thuillier   mthuilli@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BYMEGAN LEE/GUARDIAN

The freshmen made their first ap-
pearance for the Tritons in the pool 
and did not disappoint. After her im-
pressive performance at the Blue vs. 
Gold Scrimmage last week, Stephanie 
Sin continued her strong start to her 
college career, winning the 200 free-
style (1:53.33) and the 500 freestyle 
(5:05.11). Freshman Julia Toronczak 
also had a memorable debut, sweep-
ing the backstroke races with times 
of 58.14 and 2:05.95. Other freshmen 
winners included Haley Hamza 
(1000, 10:42.47), Angie Phetben-
jakul (100 free, 53.40) and Kevin 
Fink (200 fly, 1:56.23).

“Half our team [is] first years, and 
it’s going to be a great couple of years 
before I’m gone,” Zavala told the UCSD 
Athletics Department. “Young team, a 
lot of talent, a lot of depth. So it’s excit-
ing what we can do, break some new 
records and get as many people in Na-
tionals as we can.”

Sophomore transfer and Solana 

Beach native Michael Cohn, making 
his Triton debut, was able to eventu-
ally pull away from the pack to take 
first place in the 200 backstroke. 

Remaining individual winners 
for UCSD were junior Kyle Nader 
(1,000 free, 9:46.91) and senior Sean 
Malley (100 fly, 52.25).

Despite the one-sided result, 
UCSD garnered a satisfying win 
over a rather tough opponent. The 
Tritons look forward to a week off 
before they face off against inter-
state rival and Division-I school UC 
Santa Barbara. The Tritons will be 
traveling north to meet the Gauchos 
on Nov. 7.

“[There are] some mental strate-
gies going into preparing for Santa 
Barbara,” Falcon said. “[They’ve] got 
former [UCSD head] coach Matt 
Macedo over there. [There are] some 
tricks up our sleeve that we’re ready 
to pull out for that meet.” 

▶ SWIM, from page 12

readers can contact
clay  kaufman   gckaufma@ucsd.edu 

@UCSD_Sports 

UCSD Will Next Travel to Face UCSB



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
crossword

ACROSS
1 Hippie adornments
6 Weaponless self-defense
10 Semi driver, at times
14 Ancient people of south-central 

Mexico
15 François’s “with”
16 Neutrogena rival
17 Salem trials crime
19 All in a huff
20 Shouts to a matador
21 Convertibles, slangily
23 More nimble
26 Worked in a soup kitchen
27 Corp. head
28 “Our Gang” dog
30 North Pole crew
33 VCR button
34 Articulated
35 Remove from text
36 Clumsy vessels
38 Jeweler’s glass
40 Dept. of Labor agency
41 Pity-evoking quality
43 Photos, briefly
45 Met, as a poker bet
46 Moral principle
47 Porterhouse, e.g.
48 Doe in “Bambi”
49 Surround, as with a circle of light
51 “Believe It or Not” guy
53 1996 loser to Bill Clinton
55 “M*A*S*H” Emmy winner for acting, 

writing and directing
56 Childlike race in “The Time Machine”
57 Press suppression
62 Smelter’s waste
63 Dian Fossey subjects
64 Chicago hub
65 Makes doilies
66 Da’s opposite
67 Bit of casino action

DOWN
1 Gift adornment
2 Inventor Whitney
3 No. on a receipt
4 Fake drake, e.g.
5 Hauls with effort
6 Where pickles are packed
7 Charlottesville inst.
8 Offset, as expenses
9 Square dance group
10 Rocker Elvis
11 Aorta, for one
12 1870s Dodge City VIP
13 Deli loaves
18 Trix and Kix
22 Elation
23 Predicament
24 Study intently
25 Shake things up
26 Set the stage for
29 Pedro’s uncle
31 Natural gas component
32 Shipping route
35 “The Munsters” actress Yvonne
37 Galas
39 Pizzeria offering
42 Cinco y tres
44 Vagrants’ hangout
47 Inclined to doze
50 Highway through the Yukon
52 Old Turkish VIP
53 Second to none
54 Earthen stewpot
55 Type of coach: Abbr.
58 Society page word
59 Crone
60 Vexation
61 Word before se

BOATS
31’ Cabo Yachts Express 2000 - The Cabo 
Express is the standard against which all 
other offshore fisherman are measured! 
They are known for their precise handling, 
exceptional performance and excellent 
engineering. Cabos are heavily built on 
an easy-riding deep-V hull, have a wide 
beam and a fine entry which makes them 
the “gold standard” for serious offshore 
fishermen. In addition, the accommoda-
tions below are something to be seen. Los 
Tiburones is outfitted with the very best 
electronics and has been kept absolutely 
ship shape and squared away by very expe-
rienced owners. Her twin Yanmar diesels 
have low hours. It’s hard to imagine there 
can be a better priced Cabo on the mar-
ket today. If you’re considering a Cabo or 
any other top-of-the-line sport-fisherman, 
Listing ID: 94110862 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Hobie, Prindle, Nacra, Tornado Sails & Parts - 
1981 LANCER 28 MK5 TERRIFIC CONDITION 
for $6800 Great boat for fun on the ocean I 
have enjoyed it very much but sadly I must 
sell it due financial hardship. Specs: LOA 28’ 
Beam 8’ LWL 24’ Sail Area 309 sq-ft Draft 3’ 
Displ 4900 pounds Ballast 2200 lbs Sleeps 
five comfortably. fully functional galley 
and head. Plenty of storage. 6’ head room 
throughout Marine Radio 35 pound anchor 
9.9 horsepower Nissan Tohatsu outboard 
can cruise easily at eight knots at 4500-
5000 rpm. Took it to Catalina and Ensenada 
a few times for the best weekends I’ve 
had on the water Comes with great slip in 
Mission Bay minutes from open ocean Call 
Azze at show contact information I can’t 
always check my emails Thanks Listing ID: 
93573385 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

1981 LANCER 28 MK5 Sailboat Sail Boat - 
1981 LANCER 28 MK5 TERRIFIC CONDITION 
for $6800 Great boat for fun on the ocean I 
have enjoyed it very much but sadly I must 
sell it due financial hardship. Specs: LOA 28’ 

Beam 8’ LWL 24’ Sail Area 309 sq-ft Draft 3’ 
Displ 4900 pounds Ballast 2200 lbs Sleeps 
five comfortably. fully functional galley 
and head. Plenty of storage. 6’ head room 
throughout Marine Radio 35 pound anchor 
9.9 horsepower Nissan Tohatsu outboard 
can cruise easily at eight knots at 4500-
5000 rpm. Took it to Catalina and Ensenada 
a few times for the best weekends I’ve 
had on the water Comes with great slip in 
Mission Bay minutes from open ocean Call 
Azze at show contact information I can’t 
always check my emails Thanks. Listing ID: 
93573383 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

FURNITURE
Vanity Sink - used in attractive con-
dition ready to be install, no cracks on 
marble,comes with the faucet.hablo cas-
tellano y frances. Listing ID: 94110605 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

New Queen Tempurpedic Mattress & 
Fram For Sale - I am selling my brand new 
Tempur-Pedic mattress and frame. I pur-
chased the bed a couple of months ago 
for a little over $4,000 (as the photo of my 
receipt will prove) because I wanted to treat 
myself to an amazing bed since the last bed 
I was using was very, very old. I purchased 
the bed directly from Sleep Train in Mission 
Valley. As of lately I’ve found myself in a 
financial state where the money is much 
more important than the comfort, though 
I will miss this awesome bed. The bed has 
a remote control that elevates the head 
and foot areas of the bed separately. The 
mattress style is medium firm (they come 
in soft, medium, firm, etc.) It comes with a 
hypo-allergenic mattress protector (cover) 
so that the actual mattress doesn’t get 
filled with dander or accidentally stained 
with liquid. The mattress itself is covered 
under a 25 year warranty that has not even 
been registered yet, which means when 
you register it, it will be under YOUR name! 
Listing ID: 93573329 at ucsdguardian.org/

classifieds for more information

Ashley Furniture Millennium Rowley Creek 
(discontinued)10piece counter hight tab 
- Purchased from Ashley Furniture store 
8yrs ago. Used in fair condition Table, eight 
chairs and hutch. 2 of the chairs have tears 
the other six chairs are in fair condition. 
The table has a rough spot as show in the 
pictures. I’ll even throw in the dishes =0) 
Serious buyers/offer only. Cash only. You 
will need a truck to pick it up. Listing ID: 
93495169 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

ELECTRONICS
Sony HandyCam with a Built in Projector - I 
purchased at Sony Store on Feb 2014. Great 
conditions. Rarely used it. Did not need 
this anymore. Comes with a box. It has 2 
years warranty. Give me a best offer. Not 
interested in trading. Listing ID: 93573328 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Beats by dre studio wireless - I have for sale 
a pair of used but in terrific condition white 
studio beats headphones that are wireless 
and rechargeable comes with box case 
charger and wire if you don’t want to listen 
to music wirelessly I’m asking 120$ O.B.O 
Listing ID: 93495167 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Sony Home theatre SF2000 - I want a small 
1 for my bed room so if you like Sony 
come to get it. $100 OBO. See images, 
terrific condition, full accessories, no box, 
i loss it. Info and price you can see at 
Sony web: http://www.sonystyle.com/
webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ProductDis
play?catalogId=10551&storeId=10151&
langId=-1&partNumber=HTSF2000 I’m 
in Oceanside. Contact me via email. No 
trade for tattoo work,pls. Thank’s and have 
a good day. Dung Nguyen. Listing ID: 
92237996 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

LECTURE
NOTES

NOW OPEN!
An A.S. enterprise that pays 

student note-takers to take notes 
for a variety of courses. Current 
Notes (note-taker is in the class) 
are sold on a subscription basis 

and are available for pick up every 
Monday morning.

Archive Notes (from a previous 
quarter) are pre-ordered and the 

entire quarter's notes are available in 
a bound packet.

HOURS OF OPERATION
Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm

Occasional Sat: 10am-2pm

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu

Located o
n Level 1 

at the Stu
dent Cent

er



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

MOON HOOCH
THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER

THU10.30 • 8pm
Tahrir

CAMPUS
CALENDAR
OCT 27 - NOV 02

2014 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

MON10.27 WED10.29TUE10.28
11am
STUDY ABROAD EXPO - PC BALLROOM WEST
Stop by the annual study abroad expo to learn how you 
can study, intern, volunteer, and work abroad. This is UC 
San Diego’s largest study abroad fair, so don’t miss out! 
Over 80 study abroad providers will be in attendance to 
answer your questions and help you explore 
opportunities. !

6pm
DOCUMENTARY FILM: IN GOD’S LAND - 
ATKINSON HALL
“In God’s Land” tell the story of a village in Tamil Nadu 
that is robbed of its land by a temple in order to 
construct a development zone. The film critiques 
exploitation perpetrated by religion and class distinction 
and raises questions about notions of developmen

7pm
GLOBAL HEALTH: REFUGEES IN SAN DIEGO - 
THE GREAT HALL
The Global Forum will be hosting Dr. Wael Al-Delamey, 
professor of epidemiology and chief of the division of 
global health at the department of family and preventive 
medicine. He will be leading a discussion on global 
health, focusing on refugee health and the mental health 
of refugees from the Middle East and Africa in San Diego. 
Admission is free and open to the public, so invite your 
friends!

8:30pm
BITCHY BINGO - THE LOFT
The ladies are back!!! The infamous drag show is 
punctuated by games of bingo, whic gives 3 lucky 
people a chance to win cool prizes. Come join us for an 
evening of fun, laughter, games and entertainment that is 
sure to make you LOL.

11am
ART AND SOUL - THE ZONE
Get crafty and let your creative juices flow! Enjoy a 
stress-relieving and eco-friendly DIY project every week! All 
workshops are free and supplies are provided by The Zone. 
As space is limited, guests are allowed participation on a 
first come first served basis, so get there early to get a spot!

1:15pm
RESIDENCY & SCHOLARSHIP WORKSHOP 
-CHALLENGE KICKOFF EVENT - DOLORES 
HUERTA VERA CRUZ ROOM (OLD STUDENT 
CENTER)
Have questions about how to apply and change your 
residency status for tuition purposes at UCSD? Want to learn 
about scholarships for non-resident students? Come to the 
Residency & Scholarship Workshop with the UCSD 
Residency Deputy & Financial Aid Advisors to learn about 
how to qualify to change your residency status. Free food!

5:45pm
UC SANDIEGO 100K E-CHALLENGE KICKOFF 
EVENT - BEYSTER AUDITORIUM, RADY SCHOOL
Building a business: Will you turn your idea into a startup? 
COme join us for an inspirational evening! Featuring keynote 
speaker Waler O’Brien, a short film “Risking Aspirations”, 
and a musical performatnce by Melody Noel. Come earlly for 
free food and networking. Free event open to the public.

6pm
CAREERS IN STUDENT AFFAIRS - BLACK 
RESOURCE CENTER
Have you ever wondered how to turn your campus 
leadership experience into a career? From residential life to 
campus resource centers, join us for a panel on entering the 
field of student affiars, a collaborative effort between the 
Black Resource Center, the Raza Resource Centro and the 
Career Service Center. Food will be provided. 

8:35pm
GRIZFOLK - THE LOFT
Their songs speak of dusty deserts and the vagabonds that 
inhabit them, mixing America’s country music heritage with 
that of an electro-pop persuasion. Songs that sound both 
futurist and revivalist at once; It’s where folklore meets 
four-on-the-floor; where tumbleweeds meet turntables.

FRI10.31
12pm
INTERNATIONAL CAFE - INTERNATIONAL 
CENTER PATIO
Every Friday during the academic year, there are lunches 
$5 per person with a vegetarian alternative available. 
Interact with member of the UCSD community from all over 
the world while eating a delicious meal.

1pm
GENDER BUFFET: DOMESTIC VIOLENCE - 
WOMEN'S CENTER, STUDENT CENTER WEST
October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Join us for 
a discussion on the connections between patriarchy and 
violence, and how we can challenge the limited views on 
domestic violence. We hope to expand our understanding of 
violence, who victims and perpetrators of violence are, and 
the ways in which feminism can push back against 
violence. Free snacks, drinks, and conversation. The 
Women's Center is located in Bldg. 290, above Hi-Thai, 
across from the Main Gym

2pm
R&R SQUAD - THE ZONE
The R&R Squad is IN. Come in and de-stress with a 
massage! Learn more about our well-being resources on 
campus whilte you get a 5-10 min low intensity massage 
from one of our trained wellness peers.

8pm
ASCE ALL CAMPUS DANCE: FREAK OF TREAT - 
THE LOFT
The Monster Mash. The Zombie Twerk. The Headless Head 
ROll. What’s your favorite halloween dance move? Bring 
them all to Freak or Treat. Dress freaky and get a treat! 
Show off your best costume by entering the costume 
contest at the start of the event!

SUN11.02
7am
ROCK CLIMB MISSION GORGE - OUTBACK 
ADVENTURE RENTAL SHOP
Mission Trails Regional Park is a local hot spot for rock 
climbing only 20 minutes from campus. The climbing is 
excellent with routes for both first time and experienced 
clumbers. Our experienced and supportive guides will lead 
you through a fun and challenging profession of climbs 
throughout the day.

10am
REAL WORLD CAREER SERIES: MAPPING YOUR 
DIRECTION - WOMEN’S CENTER
Create a personalized “visual map” that connects key 
strengths, experiences and themes to assist with 
professional and personal growth through a fast paced, 
interactive session. FREE PIZZA!!!

2pm
R&R SQUAD - THE ZONE, PRICE CTR PLAZA
The R&R Squad is IN. Come in and de-stress with a 
massage! Learn more about our well-being resources on 
campus while get a 5-10min low-intensity back, neck, and 
arm massage from one of our trained wellness peers!

5pm
SUGAR SKULL PAINTING - THE LOFT
In honor of Dia de los Muertos, The Loft is hosting a Sugar 
Skull Painting Workshop! We’ll be having an instructor 
come in and teach us all about the beautiful traditions and 
culture behind the Day of the Dead and then she’ll give 
you your own skull to make with all kinds of delible 
decoration.

5:30pm
ELECTION DEBATES - SSC, MULTIPURPOSE 
ROOM
Join the College Democrates an COllege Republicans for 
our first debate of the year! Midterm elections are a week 
away and the candidates and issues on the ballot are as 
contentious as ever! Hear from both sides before you head 
to the ballot box on November 4th!

7pm
OUTREACH TRIVIA NIGHTS - HOME PLATE 
CAFÉ
FOOD, FACTS, FRIENDS, & FUN! Come to Home Plate Café 
to meet new people and test your knowledge of various 
trivia categories! Free entry to all UCSD students, teams of 
4, and prizes for winning team! Make this a weekly event 
and turn up the competition! Happy hour prices on food 
and drinks for trivia participants! ALL STUDENTS 
WELCOME!

SAT11.01
10am
FREE COMMUNICATION AND DIVERSITY 
WORKSHOP - DOLORES HUERTA RM
Training is offered in collaboration with the Center for 
Student Involvement and the National Conflict Resolution 
Center. Please visit http://welead.ucsd.edu to reserve your 
spot. Workshops include: The Art of Communication and The 
Diversity Advantage. 

8pm
JOYWAVE W/LEISURE CRUISE - THE LOFT
Joywave is an eclectic group specializing in alternative pop 
hailing from Rochester NY. With a catalog that deftly jumps 
between genre, Joywave’s “How Do You Feel?” EP 
demonstrates the ban’d pointed talent for blending 
influences.

THU10.30
1:30pm
THERAPY FLUFFIES - THE ZONE
Come de-stress and play with and pet therapy dogs at 
The Zone!

3pm
PASSPORT TO CULTURE - SCOTLAND - I 
HOUSE LOUNGES CUZCO/KATHMANDU
Learn about life and culture in other countries and 
states from current international and out-of-state 
students. Enjoy a traditional tastes of food from the 
highlighted region each week! Great for students 
interested in studying aboard.

6:30pm
KATE DURBIN: 'A COLLAPSE OF DISTANCE' - 
VISUAL ARTS FACILITY, PERFORMANCE 
SPACE 306
The Department of Visual Arts presents a lecture and 
performance by visiting artist Kate Durbin followed by 
an evening of performances, readings and 
performances for video by UC San Diego Visual Arts 
MFA graduate students Alexandra de Leon, Angela 
Jennings, Angela Washko, Kate Clark and Michael Ano 
and Erick Msumanje. Event is organized by Angela 
Washko.

8pm
MOON HOOCH W/ BOMB SQUAD - THE LOFT
FREE for UCSD Students $10.00 General Admission 
Doors: 8:00pmShow: 9:00pm Bomb Squad features: 
Tim "Figg" Newton - drums Tonga Ross-Ma'u - organ 
Ricky Giordano - guitar Moon Hooch Bio:

8:15pm
ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW - PC 
THEATRE
The cult classic is back by popular demand! It will ba a 
scandalous night of fun, food and film with your friends! 
Flashy (Halloween) costumes and wild bahavious 
encouraged! Free and open for all!

W/ BOMB
SQUAD



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  O C T O B E R  2 7 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

No. 6 UCSD Steals Comeback 9–7 Win
MEN'S  WATERPOLO

Tritons fall behind early, fight back with strong defensive effort to claim victory over No. 16 LMU
BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDIT0R // PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE

It took a poised comeback effort, but the No. 6 nationally ranked 
UCSD men’s water polo team stole a 9–7 road victory over No. 16 
Loyola Marymount University this past Friday. The Tritons improved 
to 10–8 overall on the year and remain 4–0 in the Western Water 
Polo Association

“Well obviously, when UCSD and LMU get together, anything 
is possible,” UCSD head coach Denny Harper said. “Certainly, our 
very slow start made for an interesting game. We held them to only 
two goals after the first quarter and did what we had to get the win.”

In a nonconference matchup against the Lions, UCSD appeared 
overwhelmed and sluggish in the opening frame, unable to stifle 
LMU’s opening offensive surge. By the conclusion of the first quarter 
of play, the Lions had already built up a comfortable 5–2 lead. 

However, the Tritons responded with impressive play on both 
ends of the pool for the remainder of the night, outscoring the Lions 
7–2 in the final three quarters. In the second period, the Tritons fired 
back with three unanswered goals to knot things up at five apiece. 

Senior utility Josh Stiling started the comeback with his second 
goal of the night, while senior utility Lukas Syka and junior util-
ity Chase Cockerill followed suit with scores of their own. LMU 
responded with a goal to pull ahead of the Tritons at 6–5 entering 
intermission. 

In the third quarter, the Lions opened up the scoring to extend 
their advantage, but the Tritons netted two in a row from sopho-
more driver Andy Moore and senior 2M Matt Michalko to tie the 
score at seven. 

During the final frame, UCSD bore down, holding LMU scoreless 
while securing the come-from-behind win with a goal from senior 
utility David Higginson and another from Stiling. 

“It wasn’t pretty, but I’m very proud of our poise and champion-
ship character,” Harper said. 

At the end of the night, UCSD’s defense and the unwavering 
presence of senior goalkeeper Cameron Ravanbach held the Lions to 
just one goal in the second half. Ravanbach recorded 11 saves, while 
Stiling finished with a hat trick. 

The Tritons will remain on the road this week, playing No. 12 
UC Davis on Friday, Oct. 31 before traveling to play Santa Clara 
University on Saturday, Nov. 1. After its next pair of matches, UCSD 
will hold a two-game homestand to close out the regular season and 
prepare for the WWPA Championship. 

“This is generally the time of year where gaps have been closed, 
and certainly within our conference there are, and will be, close 
games,” Harper said. “I’ll take an ugly win every day of the week.” 

SWIM  &  DIVE

UCSD Makes Impressive Season Debut
Tritons display early promise in dominant victory over Claremont-Mudd-Scripps.

The UCSD swim and dive teams 
easily handled the visiting Claremont 
Colleges this Saturday, winning the 
season opener against the Harvey 
Mudd Stags and Scripps Athenas for 
the seventh straight year. Both men 
and women dominated, with the men 
winning 178–117 and the women 182–
111 with 26 out of 28 races going in the 
Tritons’ favor. 

“Honestly, I feel that for the first 
meet of the year, we are swimming re-
ally, really well,” UCSD women’s head 
coach Corrie Falcon said. “The amount 
of people that got in-season bests this 
early really shows that they put in some 
good work this summer, and they’re 
ready to go early on.”

Amidst a day full of extraordinary 
performances, none were more out-
standing than the efforts of junior cap-
tain Paul Li. He won the 200 freestyle 
(1:42.71), the 500 freestyle (4:43.17) 
and the 200 individual medley 
(1:57.46) to lead all competitors with 
three individual victories. 

Senior Adam Springer was the 
first Triton to qualify for the Divi-
sion-II NCAA Championship, scor-
ing 303.97 points in the three-meter, 
beating the minimum standard by 
over eight points.

On the women’s side, junior 

Naomi Thomas won both butterfly 
distances (56.85, 2:05.50). Sopho-
more Jaimie Bryan won the 100 
breaststroke (1:05.41) and the 200 
individual medley (2:09.93), nar-
rowly defeating her senior team-
mate Eva Chen in the breaststroke 
by 0.4 seconds. Chen responded 
in the 200 breaststroke, taking first 
place with (1:05.45), Bryan trailing 
just 0.9 seconds behind her.

“I definitely continue the good 
dual meets, the times that I am hav-
ing and for the A3 meet,” Chen said. 
“I want to be able to get myself in 
higher ranking with the times I have 

and hopefully get myself to Nationals 
and definitely continue that through-
out conference.”

The men’s breaststroke races pro-
duced similar results, with Triton 
teammates edging each other out by 
a hair. Junior AJ Zavala (58.27) fin-
ished less than a second earlier than 
sophomore Zachary Yong (58.59) 
in the 100 breaststroke. The 200 
breaststroke would again be neck 
and neck; however, this time with 
Yong (2:06.41) finishing 0.4 seconds 
ahead of Zavala (2:06.45).   

BY  clay  kau fman
staff Writer

CROSS  COUNTRY 

Dual Squads Finish First
Triton men and women take top spot in Triton Classic.

Both the UCSD women and men’s 
cross-country teams concluded their 
regular seasons with first-place fin-
ishes in this past Saturday’s 22nd 
Annual Triton classic. With strong 
showings from both squads, the Tri-
tons will look for success in the post-
season starting in early November. 

“One of the things we really em-
phasized in the whole buildup to this 
race was doing a better job of work-
ing together,” UCSD head coach Nate 
Garcia told the UCSD Guardian. 
“Our team did an awesome job of em-
bracing that challenge. That was really 
encouraging for me.”

The event started with the men’s 
10K race on Saturday morning. 
Olympic triathlete Jarrod Shoe-
maker, who was running as an un-
attached runner, posted a time of 
25:57.8 to win the event, followed by 
Triton junior and top runner Tareq 
Alwafai, who finished at 26:18.3. 
Senior Tanner Collins out-sprinted 
two opponents in the final meters to 
grab third place.

“[Alwafai], he’s just been a stud 
for us this year; he’s really coming 
into his own,” Garcia said. “He had a 
strong season last year, and he’s been 
taking that to the next level this year. 
He did a really good job of getting out 

BY  marcus  th u i lli er
contributing writer

See SWIM, page 11 See CROSS COUNTRY, page 11

PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE/GUARDIAN

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

readers can contact
brandon  yu   byu@ucsd.edu 

UCSD 

LMU

2
5

3
1

2
1

2
0

M. Tennis
M. Soccer
W. Soccer

M. Water Polo
W. Volleyball

  10/29
  10/30
  10/30
  10/31
  10/31

AT SoCal Championships
VS Cal State Dominguez Hills
VS Cal State Dominguez Hills
AT UC Davis
VS San Francisco State 

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


