
Undergraduate applications for 
University of California campuses 
will be released two months earlier 
this fall than in past years with a 
starting date of Aug. 1. The UC Of-
fice of the President announced the 
change in an April 11 UC News-
room release.

Students may begin filling out 
the application when it is released 
in August, but may not submit com-
pleted applications until November 
1, with the submission deadline set 
at Nov. 30, as has been the case in 
previous years.

UCOP Media Specialist Shelly 
Meron said the UC system made the 
change at the request of high school 
counselors and other UC academic 
advisors across the country.

“Counselors said it would be 
helpful,” Meron said. “We want to 
give students more flexibility and al-
leviate stress.”

The change allows the UCs to 
be aligned with many private uni-
versities, which use the The Com-
mon Application. The California 
State University system’s application 
timeline is more similar to the UCs’ 
old timeline: The application is open 
Oct. 1 through Nov. 30, the last day 
for submissions.

“We’ve considered making this 
change for a while,” Meron said. 
“This year was when we were ready 
to make it.”

Meron also said it would be dif-
ficult to speculate what the effect on 
the quality or number of applica-
tions received would be.

UCOP Assistant Director of Me-
dia Relations Dianne Klein told the 
Daily Californian that early submis-
sion of the UC application will not 
impact admissions decisions.

Meron further emphasized that, 

A.S. Council unanimously 
passed a resolution to increase 
campus resources for UCSD Asian-
American students on April 30 with 
a vote of 24–0–0.

The resolution was introduced by 
members of the Coalition for Critical 
Asian American studies. During last 
Council’s meeting, CCAAS presented 

an open letter detailing racist events 
that have been occurring in the past 
several months at UCSD and UCLA, 
along with a list of demands that 
entailed the creation of an Asian-
American studies program at UCSD 
and the hiring of new faculty members 
to teach and advise students pursuing 
Asian-American studies.

Many members of the Coalition, 
along with unaffiliated UCSD 
students, spoke out about their 
encounters with the Asian-American 

courses. Thurgood Marshall College 
student Mariko Kuga talked about 
her experience in an Asian-American 
course and how more students should 
have the ability to experience it for 
themselves.

“I think it’s extremely empowering 
to be able to study Asian-American 
culture in an academic setting,” Kuga 
explained. “I think it’s really cool 
to be able to learn about my own 
people and struggles, and I wish that 
more students had the opportunity 

to do that.”
CCAAS was developed during 

Winter Quarter 2011 by a small group 
of students who were frustrated with 
the lack of Asian-American resources 
on campus. In 2013, Asian-Americans 
comprised 49.5 percent of the UCSD 
undergraduate population, according 
to the 2012–13 undergraduate 
student profile.

Throughout the meeting, 

FREEDOM OF 
GENDER

Author and activist Janet 
Mock discusses her newest 

best-selling book and 
shared her experiences as 
a transgender woman of 

color with UCSD students.

SEARCH  AND  SEIZURE

HEADING  TO  NATIONALS

POlice  examining    phone  data 

Trtions  beat  pomona-pitzer

opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

MONDAY
H 70 L 55

TUESDAY
H 70 L 52

WEDNESDAY
H 72 L 52

THURSDAY
H 72 L 54

FORECAST

VERBATIM
Individuals 
can quickly 
and easily 
support causes 
they trust 
and believe 
in by sending 
bitcoins without complex 
arrangements with organizations 
or bank involvement.”

- Nico Hemsley
JUSTICE IS SERVED

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Anthony Davis ................. 7
Crossword .................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

“

FeATURES,  PAGE  6

USED WITH PERMISSION FROM DINA BOYER/FLICKR

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 51 MONDAY, MAY 5, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

UCOP Will 
Open 2014 
Application 
in August

UC  SYSTEM

The UC application will 
be open to high school 
students two months 
earlier than previous years.

BY  Ti na  Buto i u 
Contributing Writer

STUDENT  LIFE

CAMPUS

Student Business Services 
Updates ID Card Design
The new design aims to unite the six colleges under the image of 

the Triton Statue, and will include emergency contact information.

UCSD’s Student Business Services will begin issuing student campus cards redesigned to have an image of a Triton instead of Geisel 
Library on the front, beginning with this year’s 
incoming freshmen and transfer students.

Outgoing A.S. Council Social Sciences Senator 
Colin King, Campus-Wide Senator Fifi Akel and 
former Campus-Wide Senator Mio White spon-
sored the “Resolution to Replace Geisel Library 
with a Triton on the University of California, San 
Diego Campus Cards” as part of their term proj-
ects. A.S. Council voted to pass the resolution as 
Act #136 on May 29, 2013. 

The act stated that the Triton is the “only 
image that unites the six colleges with school 
spirit and campus pride” since it’s the official mas-
cot of UCSD. The resolution therefore endorsed 
removing Geisel Library, a perpetual image of 
“classroom-based education,” in favor of display-
ing the Triton to increase university spirit and 
remind students to view their college experience 

holistically. Furthermore, each student’s emer-
gency contact information will be printed on the 
back of his or her card in case it is lost.

“The resolution was [made] to gain more support 
from different offices around campus to increase 

See ID CARD, page 3

A.S.  COUNCIL

Student Leaders Vote to Support Asian American Studies Program

By  M eryl  Press
Staff Wrter

The Coalition for Critical Asian American Studies wrote a resolution requesting services for Asian American students.

LIVIN’ THE GOOD LIFE
The Zone’s third annual Good Life Festival featured a pool with life-size hamster balls and other activities intended to promote 
healthy living. The festival was held in Town Square and Matthews Quad on Thursday, May 1. Photo by Megan Lao/Guardian

The new Student ID Card will feature the Triton Statue.
Photo from UCSD News Center.

BY  Andrew  huang  senior staff writer

See RESOLUTION, page 3

See APPLICATION, page 3



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Brandon: “You know how we 
always write about sports?”

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Amber Shroyer, Lauren Koa

Copy Readers
Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Rosina Garcia, Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

 

ASIAN EGG DONORS NEEDED
We are seeking attractive and intelligent women

under the age of 29 to help our clients create their family.
If you are interested in becoming an egg donor 

or just want to receive more information 
about the process please contact us.

Information is free and there is never 
an obligation if you inquire.

info@aperfectmatch.com or 1-800-264-8828

$25,000 plus expenses
CA Health and Safety Code Section 125325: “Egg donation involves a screening process. Not all potential egg donors are selected.

Not all selected egg donors receive the monetary amounts or compensation advertised. As with any medical procedure, there may be 
risks associated with human egg donation. Before an egg donor agrees to begin the egg donation process, and signs a legally binding 
contract, she is required to receive specific information on the known risks of egg donation. Consultation with your doctor prior to 

entering into a donor contract is advised.”

 

EGG DONORS NEEDED
We are seeking attractive and intelligent women 

of all ethnicities under the age of 29 to help 
our clients create their family.

If you are interested in becoming an egg donor 
or just want to receive more information 

about the process please contact us.
Information is free and there is never 

an obligation if you inquire.

info@aperfectmatch.com or 1-800-264-8828

$15,000 plus expenses
CA Health and Safety Code Section 125325: “Egg donation involves a screening process. Not all potential egg donors are selected.

Not all selected egg donors receive the monetary amounts or compensation advertised. As with any medical procedure, there may be 
risks associated with human egg donation. Before an egg donor agrees to begin the egg donation process, and signs a legally binding 
contract, she is required to receive specific information on the known risks of egg donation. Consultation with your doctor prior to 

entering into a donor contract is advised.”

F E S T I V A L

for a cause

? For more informationvisit asce.ucsd.edu

The "About the Music" Grant Program is 
designed to raise money for underdeveloped 
music programs in San Diego County Public 

Schools. The program helps to provide 
greater resources for teachers and provide 

their students with new and creative ways to 
learn about the emerging world of music.

With public funding for music programs being 
so scarce, we are encouraging you to donate 

and help support the next generation of 
musicians today!

For more information and ways you can help 
the cause, visit facebook.com/sungod4acause 

or sungodfestival.ucsd.edu/philanthropy

CAMPUS

Rady School of  Management Launches Entrepreneurship Program

The UCSD Rady School of 
Management launched a new social 
entrepreneurship workshop that 
aims to inspire youth from under-
privileged backgrounds to pursue 
their visions of social innovation. 

The first lecture of five was on 
Jan. 26, the final lecture was on 
March 23 and the participants will 
present their initiatives on June 1.

The workshop was developed by 
the Consulate General of Israel Los 
Angeles, the UCSD Rady School 
of Management, the San Diego 
County Office of Education, the 
Anti-Defamation League and the 
Ken Jewish Community.

The program was geared toward 
students of Jewish and Latino back-
ground. Seventeen high school par-

ticipants in the San Diego County 
attended the Jan. 26 lecture, given 
by Rady School associate profes-
sor of behavioral sciences and mar-
keting Ayelet Gneezy, who is also 
the faculty chair of the U.S.-Israel 
Center of Innovation and Economic 
Sustainability.

Following the final lecture on 
March 23, the students were split 
into groups of two to three to begin 
constructing social initiatives of 
their own with Rady MBA students 
serving as mentors.

Director of Academic Affairs at 
the Consulate General of Israel Los 
Angeles Joshua Hoyt views the project 
as a collaborative effort toward honing 
future leaders in social innovation.

“There’s a real push on the part 
of students at UCSD to see the 
next generation of undergraduate 
students succeed,” Hoyt said. “The 
MBA students are guiding the par-

ticipants to be minded towards their 
own success and to be thinking 
about pursuing education.”

The students will continue work-
ing on their social initiative projects 
throughout April and May in prepa-
ration for a concluding event on 
June 1, where they will get to present 
their social initiatives to a panel of 
judges for a $1,000 award to facilitate 
the winner’s future implementation.

 Deputy Consul General of Israel 
Dr. Uri Resnick thinks encouraging 
students to pursue projects geared 
toward social improvement is sig-
nificant to developing relations with 
worldwide communities.

“We think that the power of 
grass-root movements, innovation 
and social entrepreneurism and the 
wonders that it has done in Israel can 
be implemented anywhere, like in the 
communities here,” Resnick said.

Among the planned attendees  

at the event are Resnick and the 
Consul General of Israel and David 
Siegal — who will be representing 
the Southwest United States and 
awarding a $1,000 prize to the win-
ning  initiative.

Having monitored the progres-
sion of the workshop, Resnick hopes 
to duplicate it again at UCSD’s Rady 
School of Management, as well as 
other surrounding communities.

“This is a pilot project that 
we’ve begun at San Diego,” Resnick 
told the Guardian. “We envision 
it becoming institutionalized and 
repeated at the Rady School of 
Business. We currently have another 
project that we’re implementing in 
the San Fernando Valley with the 
goal of beginning similar projects 
like this elsewhere.”

BY  Karen  To    
Senior Staff Wrter

The program aims to inspire youths of Jewish and Latino backgrounds to pursue projects for social improvement.

readers can contact
karen  to   kato@ucsd.edu 



other than the application availabili-
ty date, the UC application itself will 
be unchanged. UCSD Admissions 
did not respond to UCSD Guardian 
requests for comment by press time.

The Common Application, used by 
more than 500 universities worldwide 

according to the organization’s website, 
opens for registration on Aug. 1. How-
ever, many private institutions require 
supplemental application materials 
which are released on an individual ba-
sis by each university; oftentimes, these 
are available after August 1.

According to The Common Ap-
plication, 754,545 students used The 

Common Application in 2013–14, a 
13-percent increase from the 2012–
13 application period. Meanwhile, 
183,272 students applied to at least 
one of the UC campuses for Fall 
Quarter 2014.

N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

8 95 6 7 THU FRITUE WEDMON

The Center for Student Involvement's Community Service Area, in conjunction with the UC San Diego Bookstore and the One Stop Desk, are proud to present the UCSD Cares Campaign. 
The campaign strives to raise awareness and inspire action for local, national, and global social issues. We are a community service campaign bringing together different organizations 
(students, staff, faculty, alumni, and non-profit) to promote philanthropic awareness and create a unified community which truly shows that UC San Diego Cares.

ucsdcares.ucsd.edu

May
ucsdcares.ucsd.edu

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

“WHO CARES?” FILM 
SCREENING
12 PM – 2 PM
The Forum, Price Center 
East (4th Floor)
Help us kick off UCSD 
Cares Week as we watch 
this documentary about 
social entrepreneurship 
around the world.

PEACE CORPS INFO 
SESSION: Grad School 
Partners 2 PM-3:30 PM
Career Services Center, 
Horizon Room

DERBY DAYS: Dunk Tank 
Fundraiser 
12PM - 4PM Library Walk

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

UCSD BLOOD DRIVE
10 AM-3:30 PM 
Library Walk 

DERBY DAYS: California 
Pizza Kitchen (CPK) 
Fundraiser 
11 AM - 10 PM CPK 

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

UCSD BLOOD DRIVE
10 AM-3:30 PM 
Library Walk 

PEACE CORPS OFFICE HRS
10 AM-3:30 PM
Career Services Center, 
Room 119
Meet one-on-one with a 
Peace Corps representative.

“INOCENTE” FILM 
SCREENING + PANEL
7-9 PM Student Center, 
Dolores Huerta/Philip 
Vera Cruz Room 
This award-winning 
documentary tells the 
story of a homeless 
teenage girl from San 
Diego who dreams of 
becoming an artist. 

DERBY DAYS: "Pie a 
Sigma Chi" Fundraiser
12 PM - 4 PM Library Walk

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

UCSD BLOOD DRIVE
10 AM-3:30 PM 
Library Walk 

“URBAN REFUGEES IN 
UGANDA” FILM 
SCREENING & PANEL
3:30-5 PM
Sixth College Dogg House

DERBY DAYS: Derby 
Dating Show Fundraiser
7:30 PM - 9:30 PM
Price Center

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

COMMUNITY SERVICE 
SHOWCASE
9 AM-3 PM 
Library Walk 
Student and community 
organizations will share 
information about their 
causes and offer 
volunteer opportunities. 
Collect stickers from 6 
tables to receive a free 
In-N-Out burger (while 
supplies last).

Receive 20% off school supplies between May 5–9 from the UCSD Bookstore to benefit “Tools for Schools” or donate your change to benefit “Tools for Schools.”
*Donate school supplies to benefit schools throughout San Diego. Donation boxes are located in the UCSD Bookstore, Goody’s, and John’s Market.

UC San Diego Cares WeekUC San Diego Cares Week
13TH ANNUAL

STUDENT INVOLVEMENT
CENTER FOR

May 5th-9th

pressure on administrators for the 
project,” King said in an online state-
ment. “We feel the design encom-
passes the UC San Diego Triton 
Spirit and offers a timeless icon that 
will grow with the campus.”

King adds that the change will be 

made at no extra charge to students 
or the school.

Working in conjunction with the 
Campus Cards Office, A.S. Council 
will introduce the newly styled ID 
cards to the entering freshmen class 
in Fall Quarter 2014, as well as to any 
student with a damaged card needing 
a replacement. The old design will 

exist alongside the new one until the 
old design is eventually phased out 
through attrition by 2018. Previews 
of the new student ID card were 
made available on TritonLink and 
Blink on Thursday, May 1. 

New Campus ID Cards Will Be Distributed Fall Quarter 2014
▶ ID CARD, from page 1

readers can contact
andrew  huang     aehuang@ucsd.edu 

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.
Friday, April 25
6:35 a.m.: Medical Aid
The subject experienced kidney 
pains while urinating in Miramar 
Building 4. Transported to hospital. 
11:10 p.m.: Suicide Attempt
The subject made suicidal com-
ments to friends near the Sixth 
College Apartments. Transported to 
hospital.
Time Unknown: Fraud
The victim’s checking account number 
was used to purchase goods at Torrey 
Pines Center South. Report taken.

Saturday, April 26
12:46 a.m.: Damage
A pinecone hit and broke a window-
pane in the Sixth College Apartments, 
possibly due to bad weather condi-
tions. Report taken.

3:01 a.m.: Disturbance
A resident in the Sixth College 
Apartments kept hearing crackling 
noises and requested a sweep of the 
area. Checks OK.

Sunday, April 27
3:05 a.m.: Citizen Contact
A student was drunk in public and 
arrested for disorderly conduct, 
resisting a public officer and battery. 
Closed by adult arrest.
11:25 a.m.: Medical Aid
A subject fainted and fell in the 
shower in Latin America Hall. 
Transported to hospital.

5 p.m.: Injury
Two bicyclists collided near the 
Applied Physics and Mathematics 
building; one was transported to the 
hospital while the other refused medi-
cal treatment. Report taken.

6:42 p.m.: Information
A subject was reportedly shoot-
ing birds on a beach near La Jolla 
Farms Road — San Diego Police also 
responded. Unable to locate.

Tuesday, April 29
9:27 a.m.: Injury
A skateboarder collided with a vehicle 
near Muir Lane, receiving minor inju-
ries. Report taken.
1:04 p.m.: Medical Aid
A subject passed out from possible 
heat stroke near the Faculty Club. 
Transported to hospital.

Wednesday, April 30
10:36 a.m.: Fire
A small grass fire ignited behind the 
Student Health Center. Report taken.
11:45 a.m.: Traffic Hazard
According to the San Diego Police, 
traffic was backed up near La Jolla 
Shores Drive due to a fallen tree and 
light pole. Information only.
7:35 p.m.: Petty Theft
A subject attempted to conceal food 
and leave Pines without paying. 
Referred to Student Conduct. 

Thursday, May 1
2:02 a.m.: Noise Disturbance
A subject was riding a bicycle in a 
hallway and slamming doors in the 
Village East 1. Verbal warning issued. 
9:30 p.m.: Citizen Contact
An unknown person threw dirt 
on the reporting party’s bicycle in 
the Hopkins Parking Structure. 
Information only. 

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

ELYSE YANG/GUARDIAN

Coalition member Irving Ling 
expressed his frustration with the 
lack of resources that are funneled 
into the Career and Psychological 
Services to address the needs of 
the Asian/Asian-American/Pacific 
Islander student population.

“This is not to bash CAPS, but 
they’re short-budgeted,” Ling said. 
“We produced an Asian/Pacific 
Islander resources lifebook … and 
the first thing that comes out of the 

staff member’s mouth is ‘We don’t 
have resources for your community,’ 
and I wasn’t even asking them for 
money.’”

Ling said in an interview 
that the API lifebook is a resource 
guide for incoming freshmen and 
transfer students. Students and staff 
spearheaded the project; however, it 
was continuously stalled by the lack of 
administrative support.

Ling said that the resolution will 
reaffirm the community’s support 
of students for the creation of 

Asian-American Studies and the 
establishment of increased campus 
resources for Asian-American and 
Pacific Islander students at UCSD.

“As we continue to collaborate 
with students, staff, faculty and 
administration affecting these 
changes on campus, the resolution 
will continue to be a representation 
of student voice in the process,” 
Ling said. 

CCAAS Hopes to Increase Collaboration with Administration
▶ RESOLUTION, from page 1

readers can contact
meryl  press     MPRESS@ucsd.edu 

The Common Application Will Also Open to Students in August
▶ APPLICATION, from page 1

readers can contact
tina  butoiu     cbutoiu@ucsd.edu 

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER

@UCSDGUARDIAN



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Bitcoin Will
Transform
Charitable
Institutions

The aphorism “absolute power corrupts absolutely” rings true in any financial system, 
including within charitable orga-
nizations. There is hardly a short-
age of altruistic individuals, but in 
many cases, generous donations are 
embezzled by leaders within non-
profit organizations. Some charities 
lie about where their money goes and 
secretly pay themselves consulting 
fees or arrange unnecessary fundrais-
ing contracts with close contacts. A 
CNN report found that the 50 worst 
charities in America devote less than 
4 percent of donations to direct cash 
aid. Additionally, many disguise the 
meager amount of money that reach-
es those in need by inflating the value 
of goods they donate to the people 
they claim to help. 

These facts make it hard to trust 
charities, but should not discour-
age altruism. Rather, they should 
motivate a change in how charitable 
organizations handle their finances. 
Individual corruption is largely a 
product of flaws in the system as a 
whole; switching to a new bitcoin 
system will help charitable donations 
reach their intended recipients.

A decentralized form of currency, 
like bitcoin, will restructure the finan-
cial system and is already revolution-
izing the way charitable organizations 
operate. Bitcoin has two properties 
with the potential to decentralize 
financial power and increase account-
ability: the first is by allowing clients 
to be in full control of their money 
instead of collecting and using it like 
banks; this eliminates the need for 
centralized control of money or regu-
latory institutions that have failed us 
in the past. Additionally, bitcoin uses 
a public ledger for financial transac-
tions, so any potential donor can look 
up every transaction the organization 
has made as long as the organization 
has made their bitcoin address public. 
Individuals can quickly and easily 
support causes they trust and believe 
in by sending bitcoins, without com-
plex arrangements with organizations 
or bank involvement.

Additionally, bitcoin is safe cur-
rency. Users can make backups of 
bitcoin and encrypt those copies, 
which can’t be done with real money. 
It is also possible for an organiza-
tion to segregate bitcoins and require 
multiple people’s encryption keys for 
the account, which protects against 
greedy insiders and outside threats. 

Bitcoin is already facilitating tan-
gible good in the world. For example, 
in Pensacola, Florida, the city council 
dealt with its homeless problem by 
banning sleeping outdoors, banning 
washing or shaving in public bath-
rooms and bussing the homeless to 
other cities — displacing the problem 
rather than facing it. In response to 
the situation, a man named Jason 
King started a bitcoin-funded orga-
nization that provided meals to the 
homeless. It was such a success that 
the projected expanded to build 
homes and actually began paying the 
homeless to help with the project. The 
organization made a direct impact 
on the lives of homeless people and is 
known to be trustworthy because of 
its financial transparency.

By increasing transparency and 
accountability within organizations 
and offering a simple means of altru-
ism, bitcoin has the potential to make 
the world a little bit better for every-
body, especially the disadvantaged.

QUICK  TAKES A RECENT ARTICLE IN THE ATLANTIC ARGUES THAT OUR MINDS WORK MOST EFFECTIVELY IN NATURAL ENVIRONMENTS, A THEORY THAT CAN POTENTIALLY BE APPLIED TO CLASSROOM SETTINGS AND THE WORKPLACE. 

When writing essays or working out math prob-
lems, it’s often suggested that students briefly step 
back from their work and let their mind mull over 
it. Rigid, structured work environments are not 
always conducive to this idea of learning. In order 
for universities to fulfill their purpose as a center for 
learning, they need to provide natural and relaxing 
areas that promote collaboration and discussion. 

The library may be one of the most popular 
places to study, but it’s just not a forum for col-
laboration. What students need is a place as infor-
mative as a teaching assistant’s office hours yet 
still as social as the dorm common room. Google’s 
Manhattan Engineering Director Craig Nevill-
Manning noted that everything in the company’s 
office design “was geared toward making it easy 
to talk.” In other words, fostering more natural 
communication among employees is one of the 
first steps toward productivity. 

Perhaps Warren Lecture Hall doesn’t warrant 
skylights and flora, but the creation of uncon-
ventional study spaces is a plausible compromise. 
Students need to be able to change where they work 
so that they are constantly stimulated. Architecture 
firm Gensler has noted just how important it is for 
“individuals [to] have the time and space to imag-
ine, muse, write, reflect, create and just be alone 
with their thoughts.”

That’s harder to do in a concrete bedroom or 
even in a library with windows. Stimulus is what’s 
necessary to learn — stimulus to think about the 
task at hand or even to daydream can lead to better 
results in the end.

—  DEREK UNG
Staff Writer

Traditionally Structured Environments 
Promote Focus and Efficiency

Work Spaces Should be Dependent 
on the Nature of  the Occupation       

Creative Work Environments Allow 
for Better Learning and Performance

Henry David Thoreau went to the woods to 
learn and be inspired about life. According to The 
Atlantic, occupations that require creativity benefit 
from settings akin to nature, as they supposedly 
reduce stress. But while it can be fruitless to fit 
300 plus students into a lecture hall and expect to 
them be inspired to learn while staring at the giant 
periodic table on the bleak, gray ceiling, a more free-
form and natural environment is not necessarily the 
answer for everyone.

For many, the typical office atmosphere with a 
desk and cubicle keeps them from getting distract-
ed, thus allowing them to be more productive — 
explaining the mass exodus to Geisel during Finals 
Week. High-profile businesses in the creative 
fields have given people more opportunity to add 
color to their workplace or otherwise customize 
their space, but there are limitations. This type of 
environment might be impractical for people with 
jobs that require order and structure, such as for a 
banker or judge. In regard to creative, open offices, 
architectural firm Gensler noted that “when focus 
is compromised in pursuit of collaboration, neither 
works well.” Several such occupations demand that 
employees work with efficiency and discipline, 
but an open space with bright colors, for example, 
would lead to the wandering minds that are more 
valuable to creative professions. 

Moreover, the expenses to convert unstimulat-
ing offices to some sort of ecosystem are probably 
unnecessary. In the end, one type of working space 
is not going to accommodate everyone’s style, even if 
it did work for Thoreau.

—  ROSINA GARCIA
Contributing Writer

Companies like Google claim to have integrated 
individualism within the workplace. Citing studies 
on evolutionary behavior, they advocate a work-
ing environment that stresses free-form, personal 
space, arguing that the traditional, closed-off office 
space hinders productivity and discourages work-
ers’ interaction. This has led to the question of how 
to apply this model outside of business, with sug-
gestions that the sort of creativity inspired by the 
open office could enhance classroom learning.

But the idea of an open office already has its 
critics. Maria Konnikova of The New Yorker cites 
several studies in her post on “The Open-Office 
Trap,” arguing that people suffer from distraction 
and disorganization when removed from their 
structured workspaces. Forcing the new office 
space model into the classroom environment is 
not promising either. The application of business 
ergonomics to classroom design fails on several 
fronts; first and foremost in that classroom facilities 
are designed with listening in mind. The sort of 
creative freedom that the individual workspace is 
meant to inspire engenders a potential for distrac-
tion: email, Twitter, news and the more “pressing” 
things a student might find. Moreover, this model 
is highly space inefficient on a larger scale. In the 
bigger classes at UCSD, for example, a natural, 
ergonomic space for each student is impractical.

Far from fostering personal discovery, personal-
ized spaces only encourage the ideas of the indi-
vidual, instead of the new ideas being presented. 
Imposing a one-size-fits-all solution on the issue is 
not a great way to encourage true individuality.

—  JOSEPH COFFEY
Contributing Writer

In the Information Age, personal information has moved from file cabinets to computers to our pockets. With 61 per-cent of Americans now owning smartphones, law enforce-
ment agents’ right to make unwarranted searches of these very 
personal devices has become a topic of contention. Cell phones 
are undoubtedly a vast and potentially valuable source of infor-
mation for criminal investigators. But to what extent are officers 
violating citizens’ Fourth Amendment rights by searching and 
seizing cell phones upon — or sometimes even before — arrest? 
It seems, in many cases, that either privacy or efficacy of law 
enforcement must be sacrificed. However, the establishment 
of practical rules that define the need for a warrant can sim-
plify this currently divisive issue and protect privacy without 
obstructing justice.

Two recent Supreme Court cases involving unwarranted cell 
phone searches have brought this dispute to the fore. The first, 

Riley v. California, involves Californian David Riley, who was 
pulled over in San Diego for driving with expired tags. Police 
found guns under the car’s hood, prompting a search of his 
cell phone that indicated he might be involved in gang activity. 
Digital files extracted from the phone ultimately led to his con-
viction for several felonies. 

The second, United States v. Wurie, centers around Brima 
Wurie, who was arrested in Boston, Massachusetts after police 
witnessed a drug-related transaction. At the police station, offi-
cers confiscated Wurie’s phone in order to trace an incoming 
call, which provided more evidence to assist in his conviction. 
Both cases’ outcomes support the idea of phone searches, but 
other situations demand police restraint.

This is because unwarranted cell phone searches have not 
always led to conviction and can be subject to misuse. On 
March 30, 2008, Nathan Newhard was pulled over for drunk 

See SEARCHES, page 5

NICO  HEMSLEY  NAHEMSLEY@ucsd.eduJUSTICE   IS   SERVED

Unlimited Data

ILLUSTRATION  by elyse  yang

Police’s legal authority to search suspects’ cell phone data should depend on
the severity of the offense and the need for relevant information.

BY  hailey  sanden    contributing WRITER



driving in Culpeper, Virginia. In a 
routine search of his person, officers 
apprehended Newhard’s phone and 
uncovered nude photos of him and 
his girlfriend. The officers pro-
ceeded to share the compromising 
images around the police station. 
The violation of privacy caused 
Newhard to suffer from anxiety and 
ended up costing him his job as a 
public school teacher.

For the same reasons that cell 
phone searches can be an invalu-
able tool for criminal investigators, 
they can also be colossal violations 
of privacy. Smartphones can — and 
often do — contain private mate-
rial such as appointments, photos, 
notes and emails, as well as personal 
information via health and banking 
mobile applications. Law enforce-
ment’s ability to search through any 
phone’s information based solely on 
the owner’s arrest for a petty crime 
seems quite unsavory. Furthermore, 
policies like “stop and frisk” make it 
easier for law enforcement to violate 
people’s privacy without just cause.

Conversely, if a warrant is always 
required before cell phone searches, 
potentially case-altering informa-
tion can fall victim to destruction of 
evidence. Some criminal organiza-
tions have their own information 
technology departments, capable 
of remotely wiping cell phone data 
upon an individual being taken 
into custody. In these situations, 
required warrants would destroy 
police officers’ ability to access the 
treasure trove of criminals’ smart-
phone information. This contrast 
speaks to the need for a clearer set 
of guidelines to determine whether 
or not a warrant might be required 
in a given situation.

One proposal allows unwar-
ranted cell phone searches in “emer-

gency cases” — an exception that 
already exists for searches of homes 
and computers. Another permits 
unwarranted searches when it is 
necessary to protect an involved 
officer’s safety. A distinction might 
also be drawn between serious 
and non-serious cases, keeping in 
mind whether not there is probable 
cause for a search. For example, 
in Riley’s case, finding guns in his 
vehicle might have permitted such 
a search. Newhard’s case, however, 
provided no such cause. Another 
option for striking a balance 
between maintaining privacy and 
facilitating police work could be 
limiting cell phone searches to only 
material relevant to the crime. Such 
qualifications aspire to limit the 
ability of law enforcement to “seize 
and search” cell phones, without 
cutting them off entirely from this 
potentially valuable source of inves-
tigative information.

As such, the justices have begun 
to propose similar rules that police 
officers can apply to determine 
whether or not a warrant might 
be required in a given situation. 
The gravity of the situation should 
ultimately determine how much 
latitude officers have — a terrorist 
attack that threatens millions, for 
example, requires drastic measures 
and a certain immediacy not justi-
fied by a minor drug offense.

It is evident from the many 
case-by-case distinctions that offi-
cers can’t use a “one size fits all” 
approach to warrantless searches. 
Although many of these propos-
als require clearer parameters, it 
is only through a discussion and 
exploration of such possibilities 
that a practical solution to this 
complex issue can be found.

O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

SOLVE FOR X By Philip Jia

▶ SEARCHES, from page 4

Circumstances of  Crime Should Determine 
Legality of  Warrantless Phone Search 

THE GUARDIAN.
EMAIL OPINION@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG TO GET YOUR OPINIONS PUBLISHED IN

readers can contact
hai ley  san den    hsanden@UCSD.EDU



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY  RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

F
or those seeking a role model in what seems to be 
an endless struggle to find acceptance in an intoler-
ant society, look no further than Janet Mock. A for-
mer staff editor of People online magazine and an 
established writer, Mock shocked peers when pub-

licly disclosing — for the first time — her identity as a transgen-
der woman in a 2011 Marie Clare article. The article revealed the 
details of her misgendered childhood, the ignorance from class-
mates and teachers manifesting in cruel insults to her identity, 
her eventual journey to Thailand for sexual-reassignment sur-
gery at the age of 18 and her 
gradual victory in achieving 
the gender Mock has always 
taken to be her own. 

The reaction has been far 
from detrimental. Since the 
release of the Marie Clare 
article (titled “I Was Born 
a Boy”), Mock has become 
an active voice for the trans-
gender community and 
has gained a huge follow-
ing. Earlier this February, 
she released a book called 
“Redefining Realness: 
My Path to Womanhood, 
Identity, Love & So Much 
More,” landing her a spot as 
a New York Times bestsell-
ing author. Her perspective 
offers a unique insight into a lifelong progress as a transgender 
woman of color.

Last Thursday, Mock spoke about her book at the UCSD 
LGBT Resource Center before holding a forum for UCSD 
students to ask for advice that might inspire their own paths as 
lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex and asexual 
students on campus. The discussion began with a reading from 
a chapter in her book, detailing the time from her birth to her 
re-introduction to her 10th grade classmates after beginning her 

medical transition, as well as how she rose to embody her 
namesake idol Janet Jackson.

“I loved her fiery curls and her equally vibrant smile, 
features that the older girls said I had in common with the 
singer,” Mock recited. “There is power in naming yourself, 
in proclaiming to the world that this is who you are.”

Affirming her new name was the first step, but Mock 
admits that the further trials and tribulations came with 
inducing others into accepting a person they suddenly 
found themselves unacquainted with. Name and gender 

changes on public records 
were only a few of the 
necessities for her transi-
tion that Mock, raised in 
an impoverished family, 
couldn’t afford financially.

“So I postponed the 
legal process until I was 
18 and wield[ed] the 
power of self-determina-
tion, announcing to my 
peers and my family that 
I would only answer to 
‘Janet’ and ‘she’ and ‘her’ 
pronouns,” Mock said. 
“After that class assembly, 
I continued to improvise, 
creating the space I need-
ed for myself at school 
with a group of supportive 

friends, teachers and teammates. Instead of embarking on a 
series of conversations with my school staff, I let my denim 
capris, my brown, tribal pattern[ed] choker, my crown of 
curls and my growing bust do the talking.” 

However, coming out about being transgender is not, by 
any means, a requirement for Mock, who sees her public 
declaration as a choice she made for herself. 

“What I’ve noticed in the recent online trans[gender] 
community is this judgment of women who live [with the 

Bestselling author and transgender activist Janet Mock spoke at UCSD last week about her experiences with gender and her latest book.

See JANET, page 8

BY TEIKO YAKOBSON CONTRIBUTING WRITER

SHE CAME TO LIBERATE

       THE GIRLS

PHOTOS BY DINA BOYER FOR SAN FRANCISCO LGBT COMMUNITY CENTER /FLICKR



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

ucsdguardian

.
org

YOUR
NEWS
NOW!

From his vinyl record released in 1988 
called “The Ghost Factory” to a modernized 
Biblical myth in his 2009 opera “Lilith,” UCSD 
professor Anthony Davis is no stranger to 
composing critically acclaimed music.

Davis, who is a professor of integrative stud-
ies with emphases on piano and composition, 
received a Grammy Nomination in 1993 for 
“Best Contemporary Classical Composition” 
and has performed and composed for compa-
nies all over the world in places such as New 
York, Boston, Paris, Greece, Poland and Spain.

The 1975 Yale graduate released his “Notes 
from the Underground” in March 2014. This 
album consists of three tracks: “You Have the 
Right to Remain Silent,” “Wayang V” and “Notes 
from the Underground,” each of which consists of 
numerous movements that feature sounds from 
the piano and two types of clarinet. Composed 
by Davis, “Notes from the Underground” was 
an ongoing project with the Boston Modern 
Orchestra Project, a full, professional orchestra 
based in Boston, Massachusetts that is committed 
to performing and recording new music. 

“The process of creating the album was 
great,” Davis said. “Deciding what pieces to 
record and what order they will be in was fun. 
You also had to think about what music to 
record, putting all the elements together [and] 
raising money to hire guest artists and [rent] 
studio time.”                                         

To become skilled in music may be a chal-
lenge for some, but for professor Davis, play-
ing and composing is second nature.

“I started music by playing classical piano,” 
Davis said. “I started that when I was 6 years 
old. It was something that I always enjoyed. I 
would come home from school and just play 
the piano; it was my way of expressing myself.”

Davis first became interested in jazz and 
composing in the 10th grade, which he spent 
in Italy. He then ventured on to receive an 

undergraduate education at Yale University 
and, upon graduating with a bachelor’s degree 
in music, began his professional career. Davis 
was involved with many different groups in 
New York and finally had a chance to write a 
musical orchestra.

However, success in the music and per-
formance field did not come overnight for 
Davis. Before publishing “Notes From the 
Underground,” Davis had composed numer-
ous operas. He is best known for composing 
“X, The Life and Times of Malcolm X,” an 
opera based on the life of the civil rights leader 
Malcolm X which premiered at the New York 
City Opera in 1986. As a result, Davis rose to 
prominence as X was the first opera composed 
based on a contemporary, political person.

For Davis, the most memorable part of his 
musical career is when “X, The Life and Times 
of Malcolm X” premiered. It was a big achieve-
ment for him as it represented a culmination 
of what he had done, and working with differ-
ent operas on different projects was incredibly 
exciting for him. 

Davis understands that mastering the art 
of music, composing and performing does not 
come easy, but he believes that persistence  in 
pursuing one’s vision is the most important 
step toward success in music.

“Be persistent and develop your vision of 
music,” he said. “Don’t be worried about the 
commercial potential or how it fits in with 
other things. Try to explore what is your idea, 
what is your perception of music and realizing 
that to the best of your abilities.”

Such a personal take on success comple-
ments Davis’s view of music as an all-unifying 
and truly human force.

“Music is all about the spirit. It’s what 
makes us human, what makes us one, what 
gives us the energy to move forward,” Davis 
said. “Music is about a realm of consciousness 
that goes beyond who we are as individuals.”

A Seasoned Musician
UCSD music professor Anthony Davis speaks about his latest jazz 

album, “Notes from the Underground,” and creating music.

BY  chan elle  Wang
staff writer

readers can contact
chanelle  Wang    chw153@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD EXTENSION



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

concept of] ‘self ’  —  this idea that you’re not doing anything for the 
community if you’re living [for yourself]; you’re not choosing to be 
out as a trans woman,” Mock said. “I find that kind of critique to be 
kind of ridiculous, knowing how unsafe it is to be a woman that is 
trans[gender], visibly and openly.”

Mock is proud to be a beacon of hope for other trans women of 
color, bringing them a sense of recognition through her own openness 
about herself and her story. She aspires to bring the transgender com-
munity together and convince everyone to listen to each other.

“For me, I want to create a world where we don’t judge each other’s 
decisions on who we disclose to,” she said. “I think that we should not 
be judging people who choose for survival purposes and for safety and 
access to not tell their entire life stories to every person that they know. 
Instead, we should be critiquing a society [in] which [it] is unsafe to be 
a woman that is trans.”

As the evening transitioned to the question-and-answer portion, 
Mock, an active Twitter user, took the confused presenter’s iPad into 
her own hands and read aloud the questions addressed to her through 
the hashtag #ucsdjanet.

“What can university staff do to support college students that are trans?” 
Mock read from the feed of questions. Mock admitted that she did not dis-
close that she was transgender during college,  but when she attended high 
school, there was one social worker in particular to whom she looked for 
support during her transition period from ‘Charles’ to ‘Janet.’ 

“She always advocated for me,” Mock said in response. “Instead of me 
having to go to every single teacher saying, ‘Can you update the attendance 
sheet?,’ she would go and do that because these were her colleagues and she 
could speak to them in a different way, coming from the same place of power 
… instead of me having to do that all on my own. I think having those kinds 
of advocates in school is so important, and all you need is one. One who is 
willing to be loud, willing to advocate for you.”

When asked how UCSD lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, 
intersex and asexual  students can deal with problems they face on 
campus, Mock says that “finding your people” is most important. Her 
closest friendships are with other queer women of color because of the 
similar challenges they endure. 

“Any time you are in these spaces that are not necessarily built for you 
— spaces in which people are saying you’re not supposed to be here but not 
really saying that, but you can feel it — [you need] to have that space to go 
in and build your own little pocket of support,” Mock said.

Mock Critiques Intolerance of  Transgender Individuals and Encourages the Creation of  Trans Support

▶ JANET, from page 6

PHOTOS BY DINA BOYER FOR SAN FRANCISCO LGBT COMMUNITY CENTER /FLICKR

READERS CAN CONTACT TEIKO YAKOBSON AT SYAKOBSO@UCSD.EDU



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

recorded a hat trick apiece. With the 
win, the Tritons are now on a ten-
game winning streak and look to 
continue their impressive play going 
into their third NCAA finals in the 
last four seasons. 

“I don’t think, as a whole, we 
played a really good game,” Lizotte 
said. “There were a lot of mistakes — 
a lot of individual mistakes and a lot 
of team defensive mistakes. [But] it’s 
just going to prepare us for NCAAs 
come Friday.” 

UCSD now looks ahead to 
second-seeded UCLA, who finished 

with a 26–3 record overall this season 
and are the No. 2 team in the nation. 
While the Tritons understand the 
tough challenge ahead, they will 
approach the upcoming match with 
poise, having come close to defeating 
the Bruins in an 8–6 loss on Feb. 22. 

“It’s a team we only lost to by two 
goals earlier in the year,” Kreutzkamp 
said. “They’ve been playing amazing 
ball lately, so we’re going to really 
have to come up with our best game 
of the year by far to be able to stay in 
this game.” 

The Tritons will face off against 
the Bruins next Friday, May 9, at the 
University of Southern California’s 

Uytengsu Aquatics Center. If UCSD 
advances, it will continue to play 
in the winner’s bracket through the 
weekend, with the championship 
match scheduled for Sunday night. 
Friday’s match will begin at 3 p.m.

“They’re certainly going to be 
favored ahead of us,” Kreutzkamp said. 
“It’s going to take a big upset for us 
[to win], but it’s not impossible. We’re 
going to come in with the attitude that 
nothing’s impossible and that we can 
give them a game. If things go our way, 
I think we can get a win.” 

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 

Do you suffer from:
runny/stuffy nose, watery/itchy eyes,

congestion, sneezing, sinus pressure?

Do you get hay fever?

Do you experience allergies that are induced by a change in the 
season? We are looking for allergic individuals to donate blood to 
help us study how seasonal pollens such as weeds, grasses, or trees 
induce allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how your immune system may cause allergies.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, you will 
be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to what is provided at 

a blood bank) and compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

(Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get HAY FEVER?

Do you suffer from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 
blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You 

will be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 
 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information.

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 
Do you enjoy the smell

of fresh-cut grass?
Is a picnic under a newly

blossoming tree enjoyable?
We are looking for people that do not suffer from allergies to 
donate blood to help us study how seasonal pollens cause 
allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how the immune system causes allergies and why 
non-allergic people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, 
you will be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to 

what is donated at a blood bank) and compensated $100 for 
your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

UCSD Will Face No. 2 UCLA in First Round of  NCAA Play

▶ WATER POLO, from page 12

readers can contact
BRANDON  YU    BYU@ucsd.edu 

Baseball Finishes Third in Standings, Will Play CSU at CCAAs

throw in preparation for the postsea-
son later in May.

“This was a great team win,” UCSD 
head coach Eric Newman said to the 
Athletics Department. “We got con-
tributions from a lot of guys, and our 
bullpen really did a nice job putting up 
zeroes and passing the baton.”

The Tritons repeated their nine-
run performance on Friday, beating 
the Coyotes 9–6 in the series’ second 
contest. Both teams put two on the 
board in the first frame, but UCSD 
pulled ahead in the third and main-
tained its lead throughout. Junior left-
handed pitcher Trevor Scott shutdown 
Coyote bats, and the Tritons extended 
their lead by three in the seventh. The 
ninth inning saw Cal State San Ber-
nardino rally to score three, but the 
Coyotes were unable to close the gap. 
Scott struck out six over seven frames, 
allowing only three runs on eight hits 
and no walks.

“I thought Trevor [Scott] was 
outstanding today,” Newman said. 
“He pitched around some tough luck 
and really executed well. Offensively, 

we were good in spurts and I liked 
how we started the game the first 
three innings.”

Back at Triton Ballpark for the 
series-closing doubleheader on Sat-
urday, the Tritons celebrated their 
seven seniors — right-handed pitcher 
Blake Fassler, infield Spencer Frazier, 
catcher Nick La Face, Hart, outfield/
left-handed pitcher Justin Rahn, in-
field Garrett Tuck and right-handed 
pitcher Scott Zeman — before starting 
action. Offensive powerhouses La Face 
and Rahn will leave hard-to-fill holes 
in the order after both having league-
leading seasons in 2014. La Face was 
also recently honored with Capital 
One All-District Academic Honors for 
his second year in a row. 

Game one of the doubleheader 
started with Coyote success at the plate, 
leading to their 4–0 lead after the visi-
tor seventh. However, with two away 
in the bottom of the seventh, UCSD 
benefitted from the Cal State San Ber-
nardino staff walking five straight, 
leading to the Tritons’ first run. La Face 
capitalized in the following at bat by 
hitting his league-best fifth triple this 
year, clearing the bases and knotting 

up the game. Junior first base/outfield 
Michael Mann followed two batters 
later with an RBI single, and Shirley 
knocked in another in the eighth frame 
to close the scoring and seal a 6–4 
comeback win. Hart went 3.2 innings 
on the mound, a career-long at UCSD, 
and recorded his first win as a Triton.

UCSD broke its six-game win 
streak in the final game of the series, 
losing 3–4 in the nightcap. Sopho-
more infield/right-handed pitcher 
Troy Cruz took the mound for the 
11th time and allowed Cal State San 
Bernardino to rally from behind in 
the seventh to rebuttal with a come-
back victory of its own. 

With the regular season behind 
them, the Tritons now prepare for 
the CCAA conference champion-
ships taking place this Thursday 
through Saturday in Stockton, Cali-
fornia. Facing No. 6 Chico State, 
UCSD split its only series against 
the Wildcats this season. First pitch 
is scheduled for 7 p.m. at Banner Is-
land Ballpark. 

▶ BASEBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
JOHN  STORY  JSTORY@ucsd.edu 

Occidental Invite Presents Final Chance for NCAA Qualifiers

through Saturday. At the end of the 
three-day meet, both Triton men and 
women finished in second place, while 
a host of individual UCSD athletes 
earned a spot on the podium in their 
respective events. 

Going up against eight women’s 
teams and six men’s teams, the Tritons 
faced a slew of tough visiting confer-
ence challengers. 

“As our people often do in big 
meets, we really overachieved, you 
could say,” UCSD men’s head coach 
Tony Salerno said. “Almost across the 
board, we had people step up and do 
some pretty amazing things.” 

The meet began on Thursday with 
the men’s decathlon and women’s 
heptathlon. Junior heptathlon Veron-
ica Bradley and freshman decathlon 
Dan Golubovic highlighted the open-
ing events with two solid starts to the 
combined event. 

Both Tritons’ competitions car-
ried over to Friday, when they finished 
strong and each secured podium fin-
ishes. Bradley recorded 2,925 points 
in the high jump en route to her third-
place effort in the heptathlon. Golubo-
vic, a redshirt freshman for the major-
ity of the year, not only won the entire 
decathlon, but also set the stadium re-
cord at 6,898 points and is now second 
in school history in the event.

“[The decathlon] is a pretty re-
markable event for a freshman,” Saler-
no said. “It usually takes quite awhile 

to develop into that. [He] looks pretty 
good … that’s really an amazing event.” 

In total, 10 final heats were held on 
Friday and seven Tritons made their 
way to the podium.

“Across the board, it’s just amaz-
ing what they brought, what it took 
to make the podium. It was intense,” 
UCSD women’s head coach Darcy 
Ahner said.

Sophomore distance Paige Hughes 
was the favorite heading into the 
10,000 meter and did not disappoint. 
Hughes won handily, with a time of 37 
minutes 32.91 seconds, nearly 16 sec-
onds ahead of the next finisher. Fellow 
sophomore distance Chandler Colquitt 
also stood on the podium in third with 
a time of 37:50.81.

Senior distance Kellen Levy and 
last year’s CCAA 10K champion suc-
cessfully defended his title with a late-
race push, besting his personal record 
by nearly 41 seconds and finished 
with a time of 31:12.33 to stand atop 
the podium. 

On Saturday, UCSD continued to 
shine, putting in several more personal 
and team bests. All-American junior 
throws Nash Howe won the javelin for 
the second year in a row with a throw 
of 225’4”. Fellow junior All-American 
sprints Sabrina Pimentel, who broke 
the school record in the 800 meter sev-
eral weeks ago, won in the same event 
with a time of 2:13.48.

Junior sprints Keith Rose came 
in second in the 100 and 200-meter 
dashes with times of 10.72 seconds and 

21.30 seconds, respectively. In both 
heats, Rose fell to CCAA Track Ath-
lete of the Year Gregory Veals of CSU 
Los Angeles. However, Rose’s time still 
broke the school record he set earlier in 
the year.

Senior All-American hurdles 
Lauren Irish also put up a personal 
best in the 400-meter hurdles with 
a time of 1:01.40, good enough for 
third place and the fourth best time 
in UCSD history. 

“We are young and we are fighting,” 
Ahner said. “A fire has been lit. It’s re-
ally amazing to see suddenly the com-
petitiveness this team has.”

Both sides finished second behind 
Chico State University. The men re-
corded a total of 177.5 points, and the 
women tallied 188.66 points. Chico 
State’s men, winning by nearly a hun-
dred points, won their eleventh straight 
conference title, while the women, 
winning by only nine, took their fifth 
straight title.

Now, with NCAAs looming ahead, 
the Tritons have only the Occidental 
Invitational remaining before heading 
to nationals. With only Howe having 
qualified so far, UCSD will send those 
on the brink of qualifying to Eagle Rock 
for the final invite in a last ditch effort to 
acquire more qualifiers for the Division 
II Championships in late May. The one-
day Occidental Invitational will begin at 
11 a.m. on Saturday, May 10. 

▶ TRACK & FIELD, from page 12

readers can contact
CLAY  KAUFMAN  CKAUFMAN@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

crossword

ACROSS
1 Heartless
5 Run in a traffic jam?
9 “__ fan tutte”: Mozart opera
13 Hodgepodge
14 Aquarium clapper
15 Be silent, in music
16 Tropical fruit that grows underground?
18 Autobahn autos
19 Exceeded, as a budget
20 Ankle-swelling cause
21 Church game played with cans and 

bottles?
24 Workout unit
27 More cunning
28 Not away
32 Michigan college town
37 Italian cheese from the Florida Keys?
39 Snobs
40 Fictional author of “The World 

According to Bensenhaver”
41 Spot to get off
43 Grant opponent
44 Fled what was once Zaire?
51 Body shop offering
52 SWAT team supply
56 Jet trail
57 Jargon of ancient Yucatán?
59 Nanos and minis
60 Drive the getaway car for, say
61 Prefix with dollar
62 Last word sung with champagne in 

hand
63 Presidential power
64 Future J.D.’s hurdle

DOWN
1 Designer Chanel
2 Patron saint of Norway

3 Like glowing coals
4 Hall of Fame second baseman Bobby
5 Stern with a bow
6 Chain that serves the Grand Slam 

breakfast
7 Fall behind
8 “Strange Magic” band
9 Bay of Naples isle
10 Continental divide?
11 Baseball commissioner since the ‘90s
12 “__ big deal”
15 Military higher-ups
17 G.I. ration
20 Witnessed visiting
22 Enduring opus
23 Navel buildup
24 Bailiff’s request
25 Compound containing a hydroxl group
26 Spitting sound
29 Giant great who wore #4
30 Library volumes?
31 Avian homemaker
33 Hook (up)
34 False god
35 Brute
36 Weapon in Clue
38 Hardly at all
42 “When I’m ready”
44 The King
45 Lathered up
46 Food fowl
47 Battery terminal
48 “Peachy keen!”
49 “For Me and My __”
50 Bay window
53 Wildebeests
54 Indian mausoleum city
55 Flue coat
57 Dallas cager, briefly
58 He’s next to Teddy on Mount 

Rushmoret Miss Gulch in a 1939 film
60 Pull hard

FURNITURE
NEW Platform Bed in Full, Queen or King 
- $249- Full $239 Queen $249 King or Cal 
King $339 All Components are available as 
well. Call for prices. Thank you Listing ID: 
84908346 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Bistro Wedge Table & Island- Our Bistro 
Wedge table named due to its slight 
design, This piece cinched with hand laid 
wood individually stained pieces finished 
with epoxy resin can be made in vari-

ous sizes which determines cost. At Killier 
kitchen Island & Table the focus is on 
making you the envy of your block . Our 
product is made to give your home a 
terrific look. For ALL Prices & Ordering 
Protocol:1. Let us know the LENGTH and 
WIDTH (this is ‘mandatory’ on our custom 
work) 2. Let us know the LOOK of it or as 
best you can. 3. We quote a price by phone 
or email (its simple) - you can think it over 
or make a decison, you’ll let us know. 4. If 
yes, we then can go over information with 
you to make it as you wish & take a deposit, 
the balance paid at pick up. Listing ID: 
84908343 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

PRE-OWNED Guest Chair Blue $149 - Please 
come visit our showroom for more Used 
desks, Tables, Files ,lobby chairs, office 
chairs and more...... Used Guest Chair Blue 
Fabric $149.. Used Lateral File starting at 
$295. We are a Full Service Office Furniture 
Dealer selling quality Chairs, Desks, 
Files and Panel Systems at Affordable 
Discounted Prices.Please visit our show-
room at 8840 Miramar Road, San Diego, 
CA 92126 or contact us at show contact 
details Office Furniture OutletStore Hours: 
M-F 8am to 5:30pm Sat 10am to 4pmList-
ing ID: 84908336 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information.

Sage Green Sofa and Chaise - $300 - 
Slightly used sage green sofa and chaise. 
The pair was purchased about 7 years 
ago from the Ashley pyramid in Miramar. 
Fabric is micro-fiber. Cushions still hold 
shape. There is one tear (less than an inch) 
at a seam on the backside of the couch 
which can easily be sewn. Furniture was 
well taken care of in a non-smoking home 
with no pets. Excellent lounging furniture 
that is still stylish. Cash only. Delivery not 
provided. Sofa $240. Chaise $120. Both 
for $300. If purchased new, price would 
be around $800 plus tax. Approximate 
dimensions of sofa: Width (side to side) 88” 
W, Height, (top to bottom) 37” H, Depth 
(front to back) 35” D.Listing ID: 84864715 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information.

TICKETS
Tickets for Backstreet BoysAvril Lavigne at 
Viejas Arena At Aztec Bowl (formerly - $81 
- Buy Backstreet BoysAvril Lavigne Tickets 
for Wednesday, May 28, 2014 7:30 PM at 
Viejas Arena At Aztec Bowl (formerly Cox 
Arena) in San Diego, California. Listing ID: 
84908402 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

UCSD BLOOD 
DONOR ALLERGY 

STUDY: 
Subjects with either current 
allergy symptoms to inhaled 

allergens (cat, grass, dust 
mite), or healthy non-allergic 
volunteers, needed as blood 

donors for research study. 
Will be reimbursed $20 for 

blood donation.
Contact Dr. Broide, 

Department Medicine 
(619-335-8685).

LOVE DRIVING? 
Get the perfect 
part-time job: 

• Earn $12.85/hour
• Work on campus
• Flexible schedule

• Paid training
• Hiring now for summer 

training
• UCSD students only

Details at 
shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

Tickets for Armin Van Buuren at Valley 
View Casino Center (Formerly San Diego 
- $73 - Buy Armin Van Buuren Tickets for 
Saturday, May 10, 2014 8:00 PM at Valley 
View Casino Center (Formerly San Diego 
Sports Arena) in San Diego, California. 
Listing ID: 84908389 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

BIKES
2006 Suzuki M109 - $8500 - 2006 Suzuki 
M109 RThis beautiful 2006 Suzuki M109R 
is in excellent running condition with very 
low miles (6967mis). This motorcycle has a 
couple very minor scratches and a broken 
front left turn signal from the last shipment 
back from Japan. The motorcycle is 1800cc 
and has absolutely no problem when 
it needs to get up and go. Motorcycle 
cover and gear can be negotiated sep-
arately. If you would like to view this 
great piece of machinery please contact 
me.Full Financing & Nationwide Shipping 
AvailableFor additional info please call 
877-566-6686Vehicle located in San Diego, 
CA Ad Id# 107210 Posted Dec. 27, 2013 
.Listing ID: 84908275 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

2006 BMW R1200gs - $5800 - Clean 
Title, White BMW GS 1200 ADVENTURE 
Approximately. 36,000mis, Continental 
TKC 80 Twinduro Dual Sport Tires, com-
plete service done at BMW less than 25mis 
ago. Work included the following: com-
plete oil change, new air filter, 12k service, 
brake fluid flush, new battery, rear drive oil 
change, gear box oil change, new brake 
pads, new handlebar grips - total work cost 
approximately. $1,400. Also have cover, 
owners manual, and tool kit. Listing ID: 
84908274 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Surly Pacer 58cm (Carmel Valley) $1200 
- Surly Pacer 58cm Blue with decals 
removed in superb condition. Uncut 
steerer tube. It just doesn’t get ridden 
because I have a few too many bikes. 
Campagnolo Veloce black ten speed group 
set. Compact double 50/34 crankset with 
172.5 arm length. Cassette is 13-29 so it’s 
very easy on the hills. Fulcrum Racing five 
wheelset, Continental GP4000 4-season 
28mm tires, Tektro R539 long reach brake 
calipers, Kalloy seatpost, Kappa pas pro-
longo saddle, Salsa Cowbell 44cm handle-
bars, Tektro brake interrupters, FSA stem 
and Lizard Skins bar tape. $1,200 call/
text show contact information. Listing ID: 
84908272 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

OFFICIAL SUN GOD 2014
MERCHANDISE

THIS WEEK ON LIBRARY WALk • 10am-3pm
ON SALE NOW

SHOP ONLINE - SGF.ucsd.edu A�ly now!
Email your resume & portfolio to
asgraphicstudio@ucsd.edu



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  1 1

SODA PANTS 
ALBUM RELEASE PARTY  - THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER

FRI5.09 • 7:30pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
5 . 0 5  -  5 . 1 1

2 0 1 4 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

MON5.05 WED5.07TUE5.06
12pm
‘WHO CARES?’ FILM SCREENING – THE 
FORUM, PC EAST LEVEL 4
Help us kick off UCSD Cares Week 2014 as we watch 
this documentary about social entrepreneurship 
around the world. The film carries an empowering 
message: anyone can be a changemaker It starts with 
having a vision for society while seeking 
accomplishment in one's life through improving the 
lives of others. This event is part of UCSD Cares Week 
ucsdcares.ucsd.edu. Admission is free for all UCSD 
students, staff, and faculty. 

4pm
AGAINST EQUALITY: QUEER REVOLUTION NOT 
MERE INCLUSION – LGBT RESOURCE CENTER
This launch of 'Against Equality: Queer Revolution Not 
Mere Inclusion', a collection of all of the collective's 
books in one concise edited volume published by AK 
Press in April 2014, is the collective's first opportunity 
to share its newest work with a southern California 
audience. Ryan Conrad, the co-founder of the Against 
Equality, will be joined digitally by collective members 
Yasmin Nair and Karma Chavez for this exciting book 
launch and discussion. *Copies of the book will be sold 
if you want to get your own signed copy. Contact: 
rainbow@ucsd.edu

6pm
OPEN MIC NIGHT – GENERAL STORE CO-OP
It's that time again - time for our Quarterly Open Mic 
Night! Join us at the General Store in the Original 
Student Center for a night of art and music provided by 
your fellow students! ANY performances are welcome: 
Swing by the store to talk to one of us about it AND 
sign up on our google doc. Please include your name, 
what you will be doing at open mic and any time 
preference (if you have one). We can't wait to hang out 
and jam with you! Contact: gstorecoop@gmail.com

7pm
BLABBERMOUTH – THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER
Have a song or story to share? Blabbermouth is a 
monthly event held at The Loft, giving writers of prose, 
poetry, and fiction, as well as musicians and 
performers a place to share their art. In honor of Cinco 
de Mayo, this month's Blabbermouth will feature 
special guests David Romero with Perla Negra Quintet. 
Nationally recognized Spoken Word Artist, David 
Romero, will be a special guest host, with spoken word 
performances and band accompaniment. Enjoy some 
bites and beverages and come support your fellow 
students. Call 805-990-4192 or visit our Facebook 
page for more info! Contact: jthartono@ucsd.edu

6pm
INTRO TO 1950S JITTERBUG SWING DANCING – 
CROSS CULTURAL CENTER, ARTSPACE
The Cross-Cultural Center - Breather Series Presents: 
Intro to 1950s Jitterbug Swing Dancing. Take a flashback 
to the 50s and join us for an intro to Jitterbug swing 
lesson! It's a fun and energetic partner dance. No 
partner required to participate. We will rotate partners to 
help you learn faster and meet new people. This lesson 
will be taught by Violeta Gonzales and Brandon Frost 
from the San Diego swing dance community. Cost: 
FREE! Everyone is welcomed to 'SWING' by! No 
experience or partner necessary. For more information 
contact: Violeta Gonzales at violetag@ucsd.edu. Contact: 
violetag@ucsd.edu

7pm
‘INOCENTE’ FILM SCREENING & PANEL – 
HUERTA/VERA CRUZ ROOM (ORIGINAL STUDENT 
CENTER)
Join us to watch the award-winning short documentary 
'Inocente,' which tells the story of a 15-year-old 
homeless girl from San Diego who dreams of becoming 
an artist. After the film, hear from a panel of local experts 
on youth homelessness and the arts. This event is part 
of UCSD Cares Week and the Speak and Spark Service 
series. Admission is free for all UCSD students, staff, 
and faculty. For more info, contact: Tiveeda Stovall, 
CSI-Community Service Program Coordinator, 
tstovall@ucsd.edu

7pm
THE VISUAL LANGUAGE OF COMICS/MANGA – 
MUIR ROOM, PRICE CENTER EAST LEVEL 2
Professor Neil Cohn has been conducting psychological 
experiments examining the comprehension of Comic 
Books/Manga, and will present the results of a recent 
study run here at UCSD. This event is also a great 
opportunity to participate in student-run comic book 
experiments. Contact: jep037@ucsd.edu

8pm
FASHION QUARTERLY MAGAZINE 
SPRING/SUMMER ’14 LAUNCH PARTY – THE 
LOFT
Are you ready for the most fashionable event of the 
season? Come celebrate with Fashion Quarterly for the 
launch of our new spring/summer '14 issue! Reasons to 
come: Browse through and win copies of our magazine; 
enjoy free appetizers from Zanzibar; listen to live music 
from UCSD's very own Huj Music; win raffle prizes such 
as $25 gift cards from The Cottage La Jolla, gift 
certificate to Graffiti Beach, and discounts & goodies 
from ASOS; shop from FQ Thrift Shop featuring clothes 
$3 and up. Dress up and show your style! In addition, 
you can meet the artist behind the amazing artwork 
currently displaying at the Loft, Charity Vincent, a 
graduating Visual Arts major at UCSD. Contact: 
drobertson9000@gmail.com

SUN5.11
4pm
MOONLIGHT HIKE COWLES MOUNTAIN - MEET AT 
THE OUTBACK RENTAL SHOP IN PEPPER CANYON
Cowles Mountain is just 20 minutes from campus in 
Mission Trails Park. Hiking three miles in the moonlight 
and taking in the panoramic views of the skyline are a great 
way to spend a few hours away from campus. Signup 
online under Hiking, in person at the Rental Shop (behind 
Pepper Canyon), at the Surf Shop (in Price Center), or over 
the phone at 858-534-0684. Early Bird Pricing (before 
close on 4/21): Current UCSD students $18. All others $25. 
After 4/21: Current UCSD students $21. All others $28. 
This event brought to you by Outback Adventures and 
UCSD Recreation. Questions? Contact Simon Teal: 
steal@ucsd.edu

FRI5.09
10am
YOU’RE INVITED! FREE OFF CAMPUS HOUSING MEET 
& GREET – LIBRARY WALK
Need help finding a place to live?  HDH is coordinating a 
special one-day event to assist students with their transition 
to off-campus housing. Several local apartment communities 
will be on hand to answer your questions about how to lease 
a unit on their property.  If you’ve been thinking about living 
off campus, take advantage and gather info from several 
properties at once. The event is FREE—see you there!

7:30pm
SODA PANTS ALBUM RELEASE PARTY – THE LOFT
UCSD'S beloved band Soda Pants is finally launching their 
debut album! They will be performing their new music as well 
as giving out downloads to their new album - free with the 
$10 ticket! Come out to The Loft to celebrate with them and 
show support! Looking forward to seeing all their Kickstarter 
donators there! Ticket: $10 (includes free album download). 
Contact: ucenmarketing@ucsd.edu

8pm
SLIPPERY WHEN WET: A WEEKEND OF IMPROV – 
GALBRAITH HALL 157
Slippery When Wet, UCSD's long-form improv troupe, will be 
running a special engagement in Galbraith Hall 157 the 
evenings of May 9 and May 10. The two shows will be 
entirely improvised, and as such, will be completely different 
from one another. We are super excited for this unique 
opportunity! Free and open to the public. Contact: 
ChrisAldama@gmail.com

2pm
LIVING ON THE HYPHEN: LATINA MIGRANTS – 
WOMEN’S CENTER (ABOVE HI-THAI, NEAR MAIN 
GYM)
Do you feel connected to the experience of Latina 
immigration? Would you like to learn more about these 
experiences? Join us as we share stories and discuss some 
of the issues that Latina immigrants are facing today. This 
event will feature art work from Latin@s in the UCSD 
community who wanted to tell their story. All are welcome 
and encouraged to attend. Free food! Contact: 
women@uscd.edu

4pm
DEADLY IMPLICATIONS: THE RECENT RISE OF 
SECTARIANISM IN SYRIA – SOCIAL SCIENCES 
BUILDING (SSB), ROOM 107
Peter Sluglett’s paper will attempt to chronicle and analyse 
these developments, with a particular focus on Syria since 
the beginning of the uprising, but also in the context of the 
‘religious policy’ of the Syrian government since the 1980s, 
and events in neighbouring states. Peter Sluglett is a 
historian of the 19th and 20th century Arab Middle East of 
the area, which is now Iraq, Syria and Lebanon. He is 
interested in 'straight' political and socio-economic history, 
as well as in the urban social history of a somewhat wider 
area.

5pm
CHINA’S CURRENT CHALLENGES AND US-CHINA 
RELATIONS – THE GREAT HALL, UC SAN DIEGO
2014 Robert F. Ellsworth Memorial Lecture. China and its 
new leadership are at an important domestic policy 
crossroads just as the risk profile of their neighborhood in 
Northeast Asia is spiking. Ambassador Clark T. Randt, Jr., 
former U.S. Ambassador to the People's Republic of China, 
will discuss these challenges and risks, and their importance 
for United States-China relations. Free to attend, but 
registration is required. A reception will be held after the talk. 
Part of the 21st Century China Program at UC San Diego. For 
more info contact: lisalee@ucsd.edu. 

6pm
GATORADE PONG TOURNAMENT MAKE-A-WISH 
FUNDRAISER – RIMAC PATIO (NEAR HOME PLATE)
This is UCSD's red carpet, kick-off graduation party event for 
the class of 2014! Grads are invited to bring their family and 
friends to this not-to-be-missed event for all things 
graduation related. Free food, networking with Alumni, find 
out about class rings, diploma frames, grad announcements, 
take senior portraits, sign the 2014 class plaque, thousands 
of dollars worth of drawings, PLUS discounts and sales 
exclusive to this night only. Triton Grad Packs will be on sale 
too. Co-Hosted with UCSD Alumni Association. Contact: 
mpotter@ucsd.edu 

SAT5.10
7pm
LAZER TAG – 6TH RES HALL QUAD
Come out and get down in the dark! We'll be featuring 
laser tag and other fun activities that are better to do in 
the dark. FREE LASER TAG, PIZZA, and TICKETS TO 
X-MEN DAYS OF FUTURE PAST. Presented by Inter 
College Residents Association (ICRA) at UC San Diego. 
Contact: icra@ucsd.edu

THU5.08
1:30pm
THERAPY FLUFFIES – THE ZONE, PRICE 
CENTER PLAZA
Come relax and de-stress with our fun-loving 
certified therapy dogs. Join us at The Zone every 
week and relax with these playful pups! Questions? 
Contact The Zone, 858-534-5553

5pm
REDEFINING THE SELF: FINDING THE ‘I’ IN 
ALL OF MY IDENTITIES – WOMEN’S CENTER 
(ABOVE HI-THAI, NEAR MAIN GYM)
No one is JUST their gender, race, religion or 
disability; everyone is a combination of all of their 
identities. Individual Identity is a fluid phenomenon 
that encompasses all social identities and the 
experiences that come with them. Come join us for 
FREE FOOD and dialogue as we RE-Define Identity 
and find the 'I' in all of them!! Contact: 
women@uscd.edu

6pm
‘CONTACT’ FILM SCREENING & DISCUSSION – 
ATKINSON HALL
The Arthur C. Clarke Center for Human Imagination 
presents 'Contact' (1997), adapted by Carl Sagan 
from his original novel and directed by Robert 
Zemeckis. Starring Jodie Foster and Matthew 
McConaughey. The event is free and open to the 
public. Please RSVP for admission. Doors open at 
5:40PM. Screening begins at 6:00PM. Contact: 
info@imagination.ucsd.edu



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M AY  5 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

WOMEN’S WATER POLO BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITORPHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO

Tritons Qualify for NCAAs
No. 12 UCSD defeats Pomona–Pitzer 13–9 in NCAA play-in game this past Saturday at home, 

earning a spot in the NCAAs Finals bracket this Friday at USC’s Uytengsu Aquatics Center.

The No. 12 nationally ranked UCSD women’s water polo team began its NCAA championship journey this past Saturday, May 3, defeating Pomona-Pitzer College 13–9 in an NCAA play-in game on home turf at the Canyonview Aquatics Center. 
With the victory, the No. 7 seeded Tritons advance into the finals bracket that includes the 
nation’s top eight teams and will face No. 2 seed UCLA in the next round. 

Saturday afternoon’s game was a tense thriller, as the Tritons held on to a slim lead 
throughout the entire contest against a persistent Sagehen squad. 

“[The match] was tough-fought,” UCSD head coach Brad Kreutzkamp said. “Pomona 
certainly came ready, and I thought they outplayed us quite a bit. Fortunately, I think our 
depth and speed carried us through.”

Goals from senior utility Sarah Lizotte and sophomore 2MD Alexis Wieseler opened 
the scoring and gave the Tritons an early 2–0 edge. Pomona-Pitzer would rebuttal with a 
score, but UCSD retained a 2–1 advantage at the end of the quarter. 

“I think we came out flat,” Kreutzkamp said. “There were a couple shots that we 
should’ve made early in the game that really would’ve set the tempo.”

In the second period, the Tritons and the Sagehens seemed to exchange goals back and 
forth with every possession. With every goal the Tritons netted to extend their lead, the 

Sagehens returned with a score to tighten the advantage back up. Both groups tallied 10 
goals in total as UCSD held on to a slim 7–6 lead at halftime. 

“I thought we got really excited,” Kreutzkamp said. “We really tuned it up. You score 
five goals in a quarter — usually you pretty much set yourself up for a win. However, 
Pomona, you got to give them all the credit — never quit. They kept coming back at us.” 

After receiving two kick-out penalties, Lizotte was forced to sit for the entire third 
quarter to avoid a third foul and consequent ejection. 

“It’s hard watching your team play while you feel like you can’t be a part of it,” Lizotte 
said. “It’s difficult in any sense. I obviously wanted to help them and be a part of that 
experience, but it’s part of the game.” 

In spite of Lizotte’s temporary absence, the Tritons managed to fare well, as the second 
half began with a sniper shot landing in the back of the cage from sophomore attacker 
Julia Kirkland to put UCSD up by two. The Tritons and Sagehens each scored once more 
in the third period to put the score at 9–7 entering the final frame. 

With the match tightly contested throughout, UCSD finally pulled away in the fourth 
quarter, going on a 4–1 run to seal the victory at 13–9. 

Lizotte finished the match with a team-high four goals, while Wieseler and Kirkland 

See WATER POLO, page 9

Winning three out of four games 
over Cal State San Bernardino this 
weekend, the No. 20 UCSD baseball 
team won its final series of the regu-
lar season this past Thursday through 
Saturday. The Tritons (32–14, 26–10 
overall) head into the postseason 
third overall in league standings and 
will first face second-seeded Chico 
State University this Thursday in the 
California Collegiate Athletic Asso-
ciation conference tournament. 

UCSD took two games over Cal 
State San Bernardino on Friday in 
San Bernardino before returning to 
Triton Ballpark to split Saturday’s Se-
nior Day doubleheader.

In the series opener on Thursday, 
redshirt freshman outfield Brandon 
Shirley put the Tritons on the board 
in the second inning with a two-run 
double. The Triton offense would to-
tal seven more runs in the game while 
the Coyotes struggled offensively in 
the 9–2 UCSD victory.  

Sophomore right-handed pitcher 

Justin Donatella, on a pitch limit to 
save his arm for the upcoming post-
season, threw four frames and al-
lowed six hits and two runs. Senior 
right-handed pitcher David Hart took 
the next two innings on the mound 

and threw out the Coyotes in order in 
the sixth for a short outing. By the fi-
nal pitch, UCSD had worked through 
five of its staff, giving each a chance to 

UCSD Closes Season With Series Win Track and Field Squads 
Finish Second at CCAAs

BASEBALL TRACK  &  FIELD

Tritons win three games in series versus CCAA opponent Cal State San Bernardino 
BY  joh n  sto ry

associate sports editor UCSD posts strong results at conference championship, 
hosted at Triton Track and Field Stadium this past week.

After a season full of broken re-
cords and impressive performances, 
the UCSD track and field team put 
up perhaps its best showing in the fi-

nal competition of the season as a full 
squad, as the Tritons hosted the Cali-
fornia Collegiate Athletic Association 
championships at the Triton Track 
& Field Stadium this last Thursday 

BY  clay  kau fman
staff writer

See  BASEBALL, page 9 See TRACK & FIELD page 9

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 N
H

A
N

 N
G

U
Y

E
N

/G
U

A
R

D
IA

N

PHOTO BY NHAN NGUYEN/GUARDIAN

M. Golf
Softball

Baseball
W. Crew

W. Water Polo

   5/05
   5/08
   5/08
   5/09
   5/09

AT NCAA Regionals
AT NCAA Regionals 
AT CCAA Championship
AT Dad Vail Regatta
AT NCAA Championship

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


