
 
THANKS TO 
BANKS

Elizabeth Banks stars in 
the latest comedy “Walk of 
Shame,” coming to theaters 
May 2. We chatted with ev-
eryone’s favorite funny girl 

about her hilarious role.

PENNY  PINCHING

HAWTHORNE'S  PLAN

Funding  our  student  orgs

  new  v.p.   will fight  for  sports

opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

THURSDAY
H 94 L 62

FRIDAY
H 92 L 63

SATURDAY
H 86 L 55

SUNDAY
H 75 L 57

FORECAST

VERBATIM
Comparing 
CodeBabes 
to Code.
org or Khan 
Academy...  
is like com-
paring cats 
and dogs. They’re entirely 
different and one is obviously 
far superior to the other.”

- Lauren Koa 
TECHNICALLY SPEAKING

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Briefs .............................. 2
Letter to the Editor .......... 5
Restaurant Review .......... 7
Crossword .................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

“

weekend,  PAGE  6

P
H

O
TO

 U
S

E
D

 W
IT

H
 P

E
R

M
IS

S
IO

N
 F

R
O

M
 F

O
C

U
S

 W
O

R
LD

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 50 THURSDAY, MAY 1, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Two UCSD students accused of setting twin fires in Price Center last year pleaded not guilty to all charges at their arraignment on 
Tuesday, April 29.

Hoai Vi Holly Nguyen and Maya Land were both 
present in the San Diego Superior Court Central 
Division County Courthouse as they entered their 
pleas to eight charges through their attorneys. 
According to Nguyen’s counsel, Eugene Iredale, both 
students had been charged with two counts each 
for arson of a structure, arson of property, setting a 
reckless fire to property and setting reckless fire to 
a structure.

On Dec. 3 of last year, firefighters evacuated Price 
Center after two separate fires broke out in restrooms 
on the first and second floors of the building before 
extinguishing the fires and ruling that both had been 
set deliberately. Police later arrested Nguyen, who 
was 22 at the time, after surveillance footage showed 
her and Land entering Price Center shortly before 
the fires were ignited. Land, 21, later turned herself 
into authorities.

“We plan to vigorously contest these charges,” 
Iredale told the UCSD Guardian after the arraignment. 
“We have two clients who are young and idealistic, 
and we have hope that justice will prevail.”

Initial San Diego Police Department reports 
speculated that the fires had been set in response 

to a plan to bring a Starbucks branch to campus 
to replace Espresso Roma in Price Center. The 
University Centers Advisory Board had been in a 
meeting regarding the Starbucks plan at the same 
time the fires were set. The vote ultimately passed 
11–4–0 in favor of a Price Center Starbucks branch.

District Attorney Agustin Pena, who has served as 
the prosecution in the case thus far told the Guardian 
that “eco-terrorism” was not being considered as a 
motive in the case.

“We’re treating this case like any other arson case,” 
Pena said. “We have provided sufficient evidence 
against the defendants to proceed to trial.”

Land’s counsel, Jessica McElfresh, said that her 
client’s prospects in the case are “excellent” but 
declined to comment further on what strategy the 
defense will employ as the case goes to trial.

Because trials usually begin within 60 days of 
arraignment, Land and Nguyen had originally 
been scheduled to appear in court before criminal 
court Judge Kathleen Lewis in June. However, both 
defendants told Lewis that they would waive their 
right to a trial within that time frame in order to 
find a court appearance that would suit both the 
defendants and the prosecution.

Both Land and Nguyen are due back in court for 
a procedural hearing on July 1, and trial for both 
students’ cases is set to begin July 29.

Members of A.S. Council voted 
against several amendments to the 
current Council election bylaws on 
April 30, maintaining the illegality of 
the formation of election “super slates” 
and cross-council endorsements.

The concept of super slates — an 
alignment of college-specific and 
campuswide slates through means of 
financial and other election-related 
support — faced controversy in the 
2013 A.S. Council election.

“You can’t really tell if [super slates] 
win on merit or the ability to reach 
out to more students,” incoming A.S. 
Council President Robby Boparai said. 

This led to last year’s unanimous 
decision to prohibit the creation of 
super slates, an idea introduced by 
Boparai, Alex Noronha, Colin King 
and Andy Buselt — all members of 
A.S. Council at the time.

The coalition — excluding Boparai, 
who recused himself due to conflicts of 
interest because he ran for A.S. Council 
president — added to the bylaws 
that “under no circumstances shall 
a campuswide slate provide election 
support for a college-specific slate” and 
that “all slates must make a goodwill 
effort as to not be complicit in any sort 
of alignment between a campuswide 
and a college council slate,” all of which 
council members attempted to remove 
via the amendments proposed at last 
night’s meeting.

According to outgoing Social 
Sciences Senator and Elections 
Committee member Colin King, these 
amendments came after a series of 
grievances associated with super slates 
that were filed by the Tritons Forward 
slate during this past council election.

The grievances involved A.S. 
Council slates Tritons Forward and 
Let’s Act! as well as Muir College 
Council slate GLAD. Boparai and 
Tritons Forward, filed two grievances 
against Let’s Act! and GLAD due to 
actions seen as complicit with super 
slate and slate alignment behavior.

Although the amendments were 
meant to prevent similar grievances 
from happening again, Boparai 
thought the issue should have been 
solved by amending the language in 
college council elections bylaws.

Conversely, Vice President 
Finances and Resources Sean O’Neal 
stated that slates’ ability to support one 
another is an exercise of free speech 
and expression as a comment in the 
A.S. Live Blog. However, a guest on 
the blog commented that super slates 
give power to “hyper-visible people” 
and that taking away super slates 
is “empowering students who are 
typically disenfranchised from A.S. as 
an institution.”

A.S. COUNCIL

In response to recent 
election grievances, 
Council prohibited cross-
council endorsements.

Super Slates 
Are Banned 
From Future 
Elections

BY    m ekala n eelakantan 
Senior Staff Writer

CRIME

Price Center Arson Suspects 
Plead Not Guilty in Court

UCSD students Hoai Vi Holly Nguyen and Maya Land, charged with eight 
counts of arson and reckless fire setting, will begin trial proceedings in July. 

SPRING  QUARTER  POLITICAL  DEBATE

For full coverage of the debate see page 3

BY  zev  hurwitz  editor in chief

readers can contact

Mekala  neelakantan       mneelaka@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact

Zev  Hurwitz     zhurwitz@ucsd.edu 

UCSD COLLEGE DEMOCRATS COLLEGE REPUBLICANS AT UCSD

TOPIC #1 – Should voters be required to bring photo identification to polls?
DANIEL FIROOZI EMILY GOLDENBERG
Voter ID laws place an undue burden on minorities and 
students, which is a form of voter suppression rather than 
true democracy. The government should work towards ex-
panding voting accessibility.

Voter IDs are a simple and efficient way to combat vot-
ing fraud and increase confidence in the electoral process. 
Governments should take steps to provide free Voter IDs 
to all citizens.

TOPIC #2 – What is the role of unions in the economy?
ZANE RICE AUSTIN PETERS
Public and private sector unions protect workers from the 
government and reinforces the power of collective bar-
gaining to promote fair wages and fair pay. 

Individuals have the right to join private and public sector 
unions. However, in most cases they benefit the few at the 
cost of the many.

TOPIC #3 – What should be the focus of improving the American economy?
MAXIMILIAN COTTERILL MARCO VASQUEZ
The economy should focus on closing the income inequal-
ity gap by raising the minimum wage, increasing public 
funding to education and investing in infrastructure proj-
ects.

The economy should take steps to free up markets, increase 
opportunities for small businesses, incentivize investment, 
ensure that entitlements are sustainable by re-prioritizing 
the federal budget.

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO /GUARDIANPHOTO BY TAYLOR SANDERSON/GUARDIAN

G
R

A
P

H
IC

 B
Y

 D
O

R
O

TH
Y

 VA
N



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. The A.S. Gossip Column.

General Editorial: editor@ucsdguardian.org
News: news@ucsdguardian.org

Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa

Copy Readers
Clara Chao, Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Rosina Garcia, Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker

A COUPLE OF DERPS By Elyse Yang

JENNY AND THE JETS By Jenny Park

 

ASIAN EGG DONORS NEEDED
We are seeking attractive and intelligent women

under the age of 29 to help our clients create their family.
If you are interested in becoming an egg donor 

or just want to receive more information 
about the process please contact us.

Information is free and there is never 
an obligation if you inquire.

info@aperfectmatch.com or 1-800-264-8828

$25,000 plus expenses
CA Health and Safety Code Section 125325: “Egg donation involves a screening process. Not all potential egg donors are selected.

Not all selected egg donors receive the monetary amounts or compensation advertised. As with any medical procedure, there may be 
risks associated with human egg donation. Before an egg donor agrees to begin the egg donation process, and signs a legally binding 
contract, she is required to receive specific information on the known risks of egg donation. Consultation with your doctor prior to 

entering into a donor contract is advised.”

 

EGG DONORS NEEDED
We are seeking attractive and intelligent women 

of all ethnicities under the age of 29 to help 
our clients create their family.

If you are interested in becoming an egg donor 
or just want to receive more information 

about the process please contact us.
Information is free and there is never 

an obligation if you inquire.

info@aperfectmatch.com or 1-800-264-8828

$15,000 plus expenses
CA Health and Safety Code Section 125325: “Egg donation involves a screening process. Not all potential egg donors are selected.

Not all selected egg donors receive the monetary amounts or compensation advertised. As with any medical procedure, there may be 
risks associated with human egg donation. Before an egg donor agrees to begin the egg donation process, and signs a legally binding 
contract, she is required to receive specific information on the known risks of egg donation. Consultation with your doctor prior to 

entering into a donor contract is advised.”

FOLLOW US
@ucsdguardian

▶ UCSD Will Gain New Laboratory
A patient of the UCSD Shiley Eye 

Center granted $6.5 million to start 
a new laboratory that will explore 
new methods to reverse vision loss 
and blindness. The laboratory will be 
named after former president of the 
University of California system and 
UCSD chancellor Richard C. Atkinson.

Director of the Shiley Eye Center 
Dr. Robert N. Weinreb, a graduate 
of Harvard Medical School and 
UC San Francisco, will oversee the 
research activities of the Richard C. 
Atkinson Laboratory for Regenerative 
Ophthalmology. 

The goals of the laboratory include 
restoring vision and regenerating 
tissue afflicted with glaucoma, 
muscular degeneration and other eye 
diseases, storing and archiving other 
specimens and integrating biomedical 
engineering approaches into vision 
therapies. The lab will utilize novel 

stem cell approaches consistent with 
those of UCSD’s Sanford Clinical Stem 
Cell Center.

▶ Preuss Ranked Best in S.D. County
U.S. News & World Report recently 

ranked the Preuss School UCSD in its 
list of “Best High Schools” — the best 
high school in San Diego County, as 
well as fifth best in California, 10th 
best charter school in the country and 
42nd best overall in the nation.

The Preuss School is a middle and 
high school operated by UCSD and is 
located on the college’s campus. The 
charter school requires that all of its 
prospective students be from a low-
income family in which neither parent 
graduated from a four-year college. 
At 97 percent, Preuss has the second 
highest minority population of the top 
five California high schools.

As part of the single-track college 
preparatory program, every Preuss 

student takes at least 6 Advanced 
Placement courses in high school. 
All 96 of its most recent graduates 
were accepted to four-year colleges 
while previous classes consistently 
had acceptance rates over 90 percent, 
according to the UCSD News Room.

U.S. News & World Report 
evaluated high schools based off their 
students’ overall performance on state-
mandated assessments, as well as on 
how effectively they educated  African-
American, Latino and economically 
disadvantaged students. The 
organization also used performances 
on advanced placement AP and 
International Baccalaureate exams to 
determine how prepared students are 
for college-level work.

▶ Skaggs School Appoints New Dean
UCSD announced that Dr. James 

H. McKerrow will be appointed as 
the second Dean of the Skaggs School 

of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical 
Sciences on April 29. He will replace 
Dr. Palmer Taylor on July 1.

McKerrow holds a doctorate in 
biology from UCSD. He currently 
works at UC San Francisco serving 
as a professor of pathology and 
director of its Center for Discovery 
and Innovation in Parasitic 
Diseases. He also served as the 
university’s vice chair for research 
and education in the department of 
pathology from 2003 to 2012.

McKerrow is an expert in 
neglected tropical diseases and 
has had extensive experience in 
natural product research and drug 
discovery and development. He has 
co-authored more than a dozen 
book chapters and has published 
more than 250 articles. 

BRIEFS by  Jacky To   Contributing writer

readers can contact
jacky  to    j6to@ucsd.edu 



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

UCSD College Democrats and 
College Republicans at UCSD held 
their Spring Quarter 2014 debate on 
April 29 in the Dolores Huerta Room 
at the Old Student Center, tackling 
topics such as voter identification laws, 
the role of public and private sector 
unions and each organization’s visions 
for a sustainable economic future. 

The event was cosponsored by 
the UCSD Guardian and Student 
Organized Voter Access Committee, 
with Guardian editor-in-chief Zev 
Hurwitz moderating the three part 
debate. Eighteen minutes were spent 
on each of the first two topics. For each 
topic, College Democrats and College 
Republicans both prepared a two-
minute introduction, three-minute 
rebuttal, two-minute rebuttal and one-
minute concluding statement. During 
the last section of the debate, each 
party created 10-minute powerpoint 
presentations on their visions of 
America’s economic future.

UCSD College Democrats Director 
of Membership Daniel Firoozi argued 
that voter identification laws suppress 
votes from disadvantaged groups in 
order for Republicans to win elections. 

“You got to look at the statistics,” 
Firoozi said. “Ninety-eight percent of 
voter fraud is committed by mail. Voter 
photo ID doesn’t fix that.

In her rebuttal, College Republican 
Emily Goldenberg argued that photo 
identification acts in the interest of 
the people to prevent voter fraud and 
is supplementary to the current state 
voter identification laws. 

“We are in favor of modernizing 
our election system,” Goldenberg said. 
“It is only fair to assume that the noble 
institution of election will be viable, 

that no one could possibly break our 
elections because we have protected 
ourselves against such violations of 
our liberties.”

Upon moving on to the next 
section, College Democrats and 
College Republicans disputed over the 
topic of the role in which unions play 
in the U.S. economy. 

College Republicans claimed that 
unions hurt the opportunities of the 
average American, while College 
Democrats argued that unions expand 
the middle class. 

Chair of College Republicans 
at UCSD Austin Peters, who 
acknowledged that his parents and 
grandparents are members of unions, 
claimed that unions only benefit a few 
at the cost of many.

“We believe that unions in the 
21st-century economy have done 
more to diminish opportunity than to 
withstand them,” Peters said. “Unions, 
on the basis of their existence, are 
exclusionary. That’s how they raise the 
wages above the average workers.”

UCSD College Democrats Director 
of Campus Political Affairs Zane Rice 
asserted that all people have the right 
to join unions.

“We should support laws that 
increase worker rights,” Rice said. “We 
believe everyone ought to be able to 
join the union and ought to be a part 
of the system.”

During his rebuttal, Rice defended 
the strong correlation between 
cohesive teacher-union protection 
and education success in Finland. 
Later, Peters reiterated his stance on 
the individual’s right to decline union 
membership and proposed that states 
adopt right-to-work laws that employ 
fair hiring.  

College Republicans also advocated 
economic sustainability for small-

business reforms, incentivizing 
investments, entitlement reforms and 
prioritizing the federal budget. College 
Democrats supported raising the 
minimum wage, Obamacare, education 
reforms, immigration reforms and 
investment in infrastructure. 

“Businesses need customers, and 
customers need businesses,” College 
Republicans at UCSD Vice Chair 
of External Affairs Marco Vasquez 
said. “The scope of legislating small 
businesses is to insure that everyone 
can have the same opportunity to 
offer products and the best price, 
and be able to use their services by 
re-evaluating regulations.”

UCSD College Democrats Director 
of Communications Maximilian 
Cotterill critiqued income inequality 
and advocated to adjust the minimum 
wage according to inflation rates.

“Many of our policies are aimed 
at restoring the American Dream,” 
Cotterill said. “Social mobility has 
stagnated and is no longer what it has 
been in the past.”

Both parties were very satisfied 
with the crowd turnout at the debate, 
although Vasquez thought the debate 
focused too much on national 
platforms than on policies.

“I thought it was interesting that the 
Democrats spent all the time attacking 
party ideals,” Vasquez said. “I think the 
purpose of the debate is to focus on 
policies and solutions.”

Firoozi credited the large amount 
of spectators at the event to aggressive 
advertising on campus through flyers 
and social media.

“I think we promoted really hard,” 
Firoozi said. “We definitely think the 
[free] food helps too.”

8 95 6 7 THU FRITUE WEDMON

The Center for Student Involvement's Community Service Area, in conjunction with the UC San Diego Bookstore and the One Stop Desk, are proud to present the UCSD Cares Campaign. 
The campaign strives to raise awareness and inspire action for local, national, and global social issues. We are a community service campaign bringing together different organizations 
(students, staff, faculty, alumni, and non-profit) to promote philanthropic awareness and create a unified community which truly shows that UC San Diego Cares.

ucsdcares.ucsd.edu

May
ucsdcares.ucsd.edu

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

“WHO CARES?” FILM 
SCREENING
12 PM – 2 PM
The Forum, Price Center 
East (4th Floor)
Help us kick off UCSD 
Cares Week as we watch 
this documentary about 
social entrepreneurship 
around the world.

PEACE CORPS INFO 
SESSION: Grad School 
Partners 2 PM-3:30 PM
Career Services Center, 
Horizon Room

DERBY DAYS: Dunk Tank 
Fundraiser 
12PM - 4PM Library Walk

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

UCSD BLOOD DRIVE
10 AM-3:30 PM 
Library Walk 

DERBY DAYS: California 
Pizza Kitchen (CPK) 
Fundraiser 
11 AM - 10 PM CPK 

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

UCSD BLOOD DRIVE
10 AM-3:30 PM 
Library Walk 

PEACE CORPS OFFICE HRS
10 AM-3:30 PM
Career Services Center, 
Room 119
Meet one-on-one with a 
Peace Corps representative.

“INOCENTE” FILM 
SCREENING + PANEL
7-9 PM Student Center, 
Dolores Huerta/Philip 
Vera Cruz Room 
This award-winning 
documentary tells the 
story of a homeless 
teenage girl from San 
Diego who dreams of 
becoming an artist. 

DERBY DAYS: "Pie a 
Sigma Chi" Fundraiser
12 PM - 4 PM Library Walk

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

UCSD BLOOD DRIVE
10 AM-3:30 PM 
Library Walk 

“URBAN REFUGEES IN 
UGANDA” FILM 
SCREENING & PANEL
3:30-5 PM
Sixth College Dogg House

DERBY DAYS: Derby 
Dating Show Fundraiser
7:30 PM - 9:30 PM
Price Center

TOOLS FOR SCHOOLS DRIVE* 

COMMUNITY SERVICE 
SHOWCASE
9 AM-3 PM 
Library Walk 
Student and community 
organizations will share 
information about their 
causes and offer 
volunteer opportunities. 
Collect stickers from 6 
tables to receive a free 
In-N-Out burger (while 
supplies last).

Receive 20% off school supplies between May 5–9 from the UCSD Bookstore to benefit “Tools for Schools” or donate your change to benefit “Tools for Schools.”
*Donate school supplies to benefit schools throughout San Diego. Donation boxes are located in the UCSD Bookstore, Goody’s, and John’s Market.

UC San Diego Cares WeekUC San Diego Cares Week
13TH ANNUAL

STUDENT INVOLVEMENT
CENTER FOR

May 5th-9th

Council Holds Final Meeting of  
Term, Discusses Super Slates

As I walked into the A.S. Council 
meeting, Director of Student Conduct 
Ben White was hosting a special 
presentation regarding the Student 
Conduct Code and how cases will be 
handled at Sun God Festival this year.

There will be a no-guest policy for 
the Village and I-House and a no-host 
policy for all residential colleges. Also, 
if a student is dis-
missed for highly 
egregious acts like 
selling drugs on 
campus, sexual 
assault and so 
forth, they may be excluded from Sun 
God Festival the following year. For 
egregious seniors, their degree may 
be delayed or suspended for a quarter. 
UCSD also has the ability to exercise 
off-campus jurisdiction if any high 
level, egregious acts do occur beyond 
its borders.

Members of the Coalition for 
Critical Asian-American Studies 
presented an open letter resolution 
to A.S. Council in order to hold the 
Council accountable for the multiple 
promises the Council made to their 
communities.

CCAAS Member Irving Ling 
explained his reasoning for speaking 
to the Council.

“One of the reasons we’re here 
is because I don’t want something 
to happen on this campus that will 
[negatively] impact students that will 
force us to take action,” Ling said. “We 
want accountability from this Council 
and from the next Council. 

Ethnic Studies major Nicholas W. 
requested that A.S. Council review the 
statistics and pass the resolution.

“Why is it that our stories con-
tinue to be silenced?” he said. “How 
does it feel to know that I have to 
learn about the white majority his-
tory, but no one has to learn about 
my history?”

The resolution passed unani-
mously 24-0-0.

The meeting then moved to the 
bylaw changes that Social Sciences 
Senator Colin King presented to cre-
ate “super slates” for College Councils 
and A.S. elections, and whether or not 
members who run for separate coun-
cils should have the ability to support 

each other during 
elections.

Engineering 
Senator Jerry Narez 
commented on his 
former experiences 

with super slates.
“I ran in a super slate and I didn’t 

like it,” Narez said. “I’m really in favor 
of making sure that colleges run for 
colleges and A.S. runs for A.S.”

King compared disallowing slates 
from endorsing each other to an A.S. 
Council dictatorship.

“We do not dictate the college 
councils for what they do,” King said. 
“I think that it’s really irresponsible on 
our part if we make an overarching 
rule and dictate free speech.”

Eleanor Roosevelt Senator Kris 
Klein believed that passing this 
amendment limits students’ ability to 
express their opinions.

“Elections are about ideas, and 
when you’re wearing material from 
another slate, it’s about expressing 
support for those ideas that you have 
in common,” Klein said. “Limiting the 
ability for those individuals is not an 
accurate depiction of what’s going on.”

The amendment was tabled indefi-
nitely with a vote of 14-7-1.

This year’s A.S. Council had its 
last meeting as councilmembers, 
and next week, there’ll be a whole 
new crowd of faces to remember. 
Despite the fact I just started writ-
ing this column last month, I’ll 
be one of the “most experienced” 
people in the room!

meryl  press 
mpress@ucsd.edu

new  business

CAMPUS

College Parties Debate Looming Issues 
BY  yan  gao associate news editor

readers can contact
yan  gao    yag016@ucsd.edu 



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

California Senate Bill 850, introduced by state Sen. Marty Block (D-San Diego), 
would allow up to 20 community-
college districts to offer a new, special 
type of baccalaureate degree in a new 
pilot program. This new initiative 
would give students the opportunity 
to earn four-year degrees at local 
junior colleges and thus increase 
the accessibility of higher educa-
tion. With rising market demand 
for skilled workers, SB850 will help 
supplement traditional, four-year col-
leges and offer a cost-efficient way to 
attain a degree.

If passed, the bill would place 
accredited students and adults in 
high-demand career fields and 
improve California’s employment 
outlook. Based on the California 
Employment Development statis-
tics, California currently has an 8.4 
percent unemployment rate with 
approximately 3 million people out 
of work. Under SB850, commu-
nity colleges can create a four-year 
degree program that is not offered 
by any accredited four-year college 
nearby and streamline entry into the 

job market for degree holders. While 
this has obvious benefits for high-
school students matriculating into 
college, the plan is even more ben-
eficial for people that are currently 
unemployed, as the program could 
offer them higher education oppor-
tunities so that they can re-enter the 
job market. Ultimately, the goal of 
the bill is to create one million bach-
elor’s-degree jobs by 2025, which is 
crucial in maintaining California’s 
economic competitiveness. 

In addition, it allows students to 
achieve a four-year degree without the 
burdensome fees of a traditional, four-
year institution and lead low-income 
workers to high-earning fields. This 
would open up several, new career 
options for community-college gradu-
ates — Time Magazine reports that 
software developers, operations man-
agers and registered nurses all require 
a minimum education background of 
a four-year bachelor’s degree. The bill 
also specifically mandates that bac-
calaureate programs’ tuition should 
not exceed the cost of attendance of 
full-time students at a California State 
University campus. 

Despite student and profes-
sor skepticism over the quality of 
education and the credibility of the 
degree, the four-year baccalaureate 
program is not a replacement for the 
traditional college degree, but rather 
a reform of community-college 
education. The bill will amend the 
California Education Master Plan, 
which limited community colleges 
to 14th grade-level education, and 
will lead to new course curricula 
designed by select community-
college districts.

SB850’s education reform in 
community colleges will ultimately 
foster a more educated and quali-
fied workforce. By allowing bac-
calaureate programs in junior 
colleges, students and adults alike 
can attain higher educations and 
four-year degrees at lower costs. 
It will not only create more jobs 
in the next decade, but also place 
talented and qualified workers 
into demanding fields. If passed, 
SB850 will change the blueprint of 
community-college education and 
open up more opportunities to dis-
advantaged groups. 

Breaking  
the Bank

The incoming A.S. Council will need to 
re-examine its budget to cut spending and 
generate sustainable funding for student 
organizations.

ILLUSTRATION BY LYNN HAO

See RESERVES, page 5

CodeBabes  
Won’t Teach 
You How to 
Program

lauren  koa  lkoa@ucsd.edu
technically
 speaking

Since people are generally excited about “teach people to code” campaigns, it’s pretty funny to 
see people riled up about CodeBabes, 
the website that uses busty women 
wearing cat T-shirts to lure newbie 
programmers to learn coding basics. 

It all really sounds like a joke 
because CodeBabes believes that it has 
successfully developed a revolutionary 
program that will motivate students 
to learn how to code. After “teach-
ing” viewers basic HTML and CSS 
and quizzing them on what they’ve 
learned, CodeBabes’ idea of a proper 
reward is a slow strip from their 
female instructor.

This is only one of the many 
aspects of CodeBabes that makes 
the site overtly sexist, but for sev-
eral reasons, I just don’t care. I’m not 
offended, mainly because CodeBabes 
is just not worth the Internet rage it 
has been getting. The “babes” spend 
most of their time removing superflu-
ous accessories and articles of cloth-
ing, like their glasses and suspenders. 
And even if you pass each one of their 
quizzes, you won’t see anything more 
from the instructor than what you can 
see at Victoria’s Secret or the beach.

The biggest controversy is really 
just over the incentive system the 
website prides itself on and the ridicu-
lous statements CodeBabes has made, 
such as “girls are hot, but coding is 
hotter.” And while I in no way support 
how the organization glorifies treating 
the female body as a reward, people 
who have flamed the organization 
seem to be expecting CodeBabes to be 
something more than what it is.

The standards people have held 
the website to are unnecessary 
because no one is really trying to 
learn how to code through watch-
ing CodeBabes’ videos. Comparing 
CodeBabes to Code.org or Khan 
Academy — legitimate organizations 
supported by big names like the Gates 
Foundation and private investors — is 
like comparing cats and dogs. They’re 
entirely different and one is obviously 
superior to the other.

Ironically, CodeBabes is getting 
precisely the attention and publicity 
it wanted; it’s made headlines and it’s 
getting the web traffic CodeBabes 
probably aimed for. It just seems 
laughable that people think this web-
site alone will make the Silicon Valley 
more sexist or more male dominant  
because I really don’t see how it could. 
Those are a different set of problems 
caused by the lack of women in the 
field and a lack of respect for the 
women who are present. 

If you hate everything that 
CodeBabes stands for, just leave it 
alone, because it’s already doomed 
to fail. CodeBabes has a pathetic 
YouTube following and an unimpres-
sive number of views on its videos. 
People serious about programming 
won’t learn everything they need from 
a series of three-minute videos and 
four-question quizzes, and people 
who are serious about getting their 
internet thrill will be unimpressed and 
bored after a few videos. 

CodeBabes is far from becoming 
a viral phenomenon, but the easiest 
way to let a ridiculous Internet post 
die is to let it run its course. After 
all, the internet community, fortu-
nately, let go of the LOLcats trend in 
favor of the far superior, much funny 
Doge memes.

S.B.850 Increases Access to Higher Education

Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Rachel Huang
MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
MANAGING EDITOR

Kelvin Noronha
OPINION EDITOR

Morgan Jong
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

Gabriella Fleischman
NEWS EDITOR

Yan Gao
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

 
Aleksandra Konstantinovic

MULTIMEDIA EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 

2014. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

In one of the final acts of its term, A.S. Council voted last month to bypass its own bylaws and dig into the already-strained Mandated Reserves to help fund student organiza-
tions. Because a total sum of $60,000 (or roughly 17 percent of the 
total reserve fund) had to be called up to replenish the account that 
pays for activities and events, we can no longer argue, as we did in 
October 2013, that cuts in other A.S. departments would enable 
sufficient spending on organizations.

Trimming the edges will no longer work in trying to ensure 
that student groups can be fulfilled while A.S. Council remains 
in the black. With only one day remaining of the 2013-14 
Council term though, we don’t have any expectation that student 
organization-funding reform will make any headway before the 
weekend. However, the next A.S. Council needs to critically reas-
sess the protocol for allocating funds, the amounts to which each 
organization is entitled and possibly how many organizations are 
allowed to exist. 

We’re certainly not interested in seeing fewer or less promi-
nent student organizations on campus. Religious, social, cultural, 
Greek and political groups are the lifeblood of social activity on 

campus and we see only negative ramifications for a reduced 
presence here. The new Council will need to determine, though, 
the procedure for organizations applying for their funding. We 
think that the most responsible solution is a strict cap on the 
amount of money that an organization can request per year.

The most glaringly obvious solution to the funding issue is to 
ask the beneficiaries of student organizations (i.e. students them-
selves) to pay a little more per quarter from student fees. A very 
modest fee increase levied on students could generate new funds 
for activities, as well as add to the mandated funds for financial 
aid. We think that this might be the smartest way to ensure the 
future of organizations without taking a huge toll on students.

The Center for Student Involvement estimates that nearly 600 
student organizations currently exist on campus. Assuming that 
each organization averages 10 members and that each member 
belongs only to one organization, a whopping 25 percent of cam-
pus is involved in student organizations. The number of student 
beneficiaries of social group-activity planning and spending 
(think “free pizza”) is likely even higher. With such a high num-
ber of active students, modest fee increases would greatly improve 



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

climate for funding student groups.
Were each of the current 23,805 

undergraduates to give an extra $1 
to student activity fees per quarter, 
the revenue would more than cover 
the $60,000 extra needed this year 
to cover an unanticipated increase 
in funding requests. Additionally, 
a very modest fee increase should 
not enrage students as other fee 
increases have.

Any given organization cannot 
currently treat A.S. Council as a 
private bank account — the funds, 
as we’ve seen, are already limited. 
But as student fee revenue is finite, 
Council should be more transparent 
about annual request limitations. 

There are of course some organiza-
tions that come nowhere near the 
maximum that A.S. Council can 
afford. On the other hand, though, 
there are organizations that are 
very familiar with using the fund-
ing request forms and which take a 
nice portion of A.S. money. Those 
groups should work to make neces-
sary adjustments to their internal-
funding plans to include more fun-
draising efforts and other avenues 
for revenue.

To additionally help spare the 
student organizations, Council 
should also look toward mak-
ing some internal cuts to other 
departments, including its Pancake 
Breakfast or Bear Garden event. 
Council could also do a better job of 

consolidating elections into a single 
general election, thus streamlining 
the entire process and cutting down 
on the associated expenditures. 
Finally, the climate for student entre-
preneurship should be relaxed to 
allow more direct fundraising and 
moneymaking for student organiza-
tions with oversight to ensure that 
nonprofit status is maintained.

We’re quarters, if not years, away 
from a fee increase of this sort, as 
Council will first need to push its 
upcoming transportation referendum 
to fund our bus passes. But as the keys 
get handed over to the new Council, 
we hope that smart choices will be 
made to ensure that student organiza-
tion funding won’t further deplete 
A.S. Council’s emergency piggy bank.

SAMUEL MERRITT UNIVERSITY
The top-rated California School of Podiatric Medicine
(CSPM) is recognized for:

• Early clinical experience and small class size
• Premier preparation for residencies
• High tech human simulation lab
• State-of-the-art Motion Analysis Research Center
(MARC)

SMU educates health care leaders 
and is the first choice for 
students and faculty

STEP INTO YOUR FUTURE
BECOME A DOCTOR OF PODIATRIC MEDICINE

800.607.6377
Oakland, CA

ucsdguardian

.
org

YOUR
NEWS
NOW!

FUNGLY By Kyle Trujillo

A Modest Student Fee Increase Can Generate Needed Revenue
▶ RESERVES from page 4

Dear Editor, 
We, the Coalition for Critical 

Asian American Studies at UCSD, 
want to raise awareness regarding the 
issues of campus climate for Asian 
and Pacific Islander students who 
are often left out of these discus-
sions. Conventionally, API students 
have been constructed as the “model 
minorities” — high achieving, self-
sufficient and silent. We are always 
assumed to have access to all resources 
we need socially, mentally, academi-
cally and financially and that we feel 
safe on this campus. We can no longer 
hold on to these damaging stereotypes 
because we have our struggles, we 
need support and resources and we 
are not silent! Despite rhetoric that 
constructs API students as “overrep-
resented,” we see the truth: The API 
community is critically underserved 
through the lack of representation in 
administration, faculty, staff, student 
services and curriculum. 

Despite comprising nearly half of 
the undergraduate student popula-
tion (11,878 students, which is 49.5 
percent of the UCSD undergraduate 
population), what are the services 
that our communities have on this 
campus? With regards to mental-
health resources, Counseling and 
Psychological Services at UCSD has 
only one full-time Asian American, 
non-administrative, clinical staff 
member. No program currently exists 
at UCSD for Asian American studies, 
and the course offerings have been 
severely limited. What are the educa-
tional, professional and developmental 
opportunities that our students lose in 
never learning about the history and 
current issues that face their commu-
nities today in education, health and 
medicine, politics, business, law and 
other fields?

We, the Coalition for Critical 
Asian American Studies at UCSD, 
demand:

• The creation, establishment 
and sustained funding of an Asian 
American studies minor program.

• Open new faculty hiring lines 
that will teach and advise students 
pursuing Asian American studies.

• The creation of new classes that 
span topics such as Asian American 
women’s studies, Asian American 
sexuality, Asian American health and 
Southeast-Asian American history 
and contemporary issues.

• Increase hiring of API staff to 
serve as resources for the API student 
population in campus life.

• The creation, establishment and 
funding of an Asian, Pacific Islander, 
Middle Eastern and Desi American 
Research and Resource Center

• Increase college access, outreach 
efforts and resources for Asian Pacific 
Islander students, especially those who 
identify as Southeast-Asian American 
and Pacific Islander.

• The creation, establishment and 
funding for an API welcome day dur-
ing Triton Day, as well as the [creation 
of] an API student life book.

• Increased funding for and per-
manent investment in SPACES, which 
has consistently provided growth and 
development of a number of different 
access and retention programs that 
serve the API communities at UCSD.

• Increased funding for and per-
manent investment in ethnic studies, 
critical gender studies and literature.

• Increased funding for and per-
manent investment in CAPS to hire 
clinical staff and develop community 
programs for API students and stu-
dents of color.

• Making transparent the disag-
gregated statistics for admission and 
retention of Asian American and 
Pacific Islander students.

- Coalition for Critical Asian 
American Studies at UCSD

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

API Community Needs 
More Campus Resources



Batman, Sex 
and Violence: 
Reboots, 
Away!

versus!
nathan   cook
nick  yang

A&E EDITOR // JACQUELINE KIM 
ENTERTAINMENT@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG
LIFESTYLE EDITOR // VINCENT PHAM
LIFESTYLE@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGWEEKEND

Q

WALK OF FAME
Elizabeth Banks goes from news reporter to 
news headline in an epic “Walk of Shame.”

Written by Devon Munos // Staff Writer

Meghan Miles, played by Elizabeth Banks in “Walk of Shame,” has an unexpected sleepover that leads to a nightmare she can’t wake up from. In the film, which 
opens May 2, the budding journalist trades in her sweatpants for a 
short, yellow dress and a girls’ night out, but things quickly get out 
of control. After going home with a man she meets at a bar (James 

Marsden), Meghan is offered a chance at promotion to be a news 
anchor, but every obstacle possible gets in the way, keeping her 
from her dream job. Banks has played many memorable characters, 
such as Effie in “The Hunger Games” films and Avery Jessup on 
“30 Rock.” We found out what separated her experience in “Walk of 
Shame” from these other roles.

You shot all over Los Angeles for this 
film. What was your favorite part about 
touring all over the city?

A
Downtown LA is sort of a hipster 
haven right now. There’s so many 
great restaurants — my favorite 
part about making this movie was 
the good food. I didn’t eat a lot of it 
because, I don’t know if you saw that 
dress, but I was definitely on a diet 
the entire time I was making this 
movie! But I really enjoyed finding 
out more about the city in which I 
live and discovering a lot of great new 
restaurants, and we shot a lot at night, 
so we had a lot of really fun evenings 
hitting the bars and really living this 
character!

Q Do you ever think that men have to make a walk of shame, or are men just too shameless?
A

Of course, they can have a walk 
of shame! The great thing about 
Meghan Miles and this night [cap-
tured in the movie] is that we are 
calling it a walk of shame, but I actu-
ally don’t think she feels particularly 
shameful about what happened. 
This is about a woman at a crisis 
point who feels like she’s lost control 
over her life, and … she’s really lost 
control over this night, so it’s really 
about figuring out how to take con-
trol back in your own life. I think 
that we’ve all had those nights when 
we just want our own beds.

Q What attracted you to working on this particular film?
A

I felt like I knew who Meghan was, and I 
thought I could be funny. It really comes 
down to that. I really wanted to do a role 
that uses my abilities as a comedienne — 
I don’t get to do that very often! Or, if I 
do, it is usually in support of funny lead-
ing men, and I love my funny men, but 
I relish the opportunity of being able to 
play this character, present a complicated 
girl who is figuring out what to do with 
her life and is really a good girl at heart 
and is misperceived. I think that there 
are a lot of good messages in the movie, 
like not judging a book by its cover and 
the misperception of women, gener-
ally, who do certain things like go home 
with a man after meeting him at a bar. 
She doesn’t have any shame about these 
things. I felt like she is a really free char-
acter, and I wanted to delve into that.

Q Do you relate to Meghan? Was there ever a moment when you felt that you needed to take control back in your life?
A

Yeah, of course. You have to see a little 
bit of yourself in every character you 
play and bring some experience to it. I 
spent my early twenties in Philadelphia 
and New York — big cities — where I 
definitely had a lot of fun nights like 
you’re supposed to in your 20s, and I 
was telling someone earlier that I get 
easily carsick, so I hated to get into 
taxis at the end of the night, and I felt 
really lucky that I lived in really walk-
able cities. And I spent a lot of nights 
— I mean, don’t tell my mother — but 
I spent a lot of time walking home 
from places. That sense of finding your 
way — that’s what this movie is about.

Photo used with permis-
sion from Focus World

Design by
Zoe McCracken

Adaptation is the name of the game in Hollywood these days, and superhe-
roes are at the focus of this trend. 
With the continued success of the 
Marvel Cinematic Universe and 
the Christopher Nolan-produced 
Batman and Superman flicks, 
other studios are looking to follow 
suit. But as Marvel actors such as 
Robert Downey Jr. look to move 
on to other projects, will Marvel 
reboot or continue their universe 
undisturbed? Will superheroes get 
the James Bond treatment? Does 
remaking and rebooting franchises 
in this way make for good enter-
tainment?

NATHAN: Here’s the main thing 
about remakes, Nick. Why do we, 
as an audience, regularly go out to 
see the same story we’ve already 
read, seen or heard? Take Batman, 
for example. If there had never been 
any Batman reboots, any different 
takes on the character, we’d still be 
stuck with the wacky Adam West 
version of the character. We go to 
see new takes on the same charac-
ters. If there had never been any 
reboot of the franchise, we wouldn’t 
have gotten Heath Ledger’s Joker. 
It just goes to show that characters 
need to be able to respond to the 
times and the changing society in 
which they’re portrayed. 

NICK: Well, Nathan, I ques-
tion whether movies are the right 
medium for such a reimagining to 
happen. If a storyline is imminently 
appealing or endearing to an audi-
ence, there will already be a group 
of people working to preserve that 
text in some way due to its cultural 
importance. It is inevitable that 
some stories will fade away with the 
times as they lose relevance. That’s 
why Batman has been with us for so 
long. We identify with his story of 
the everyman using his wits to fight 
back against crime and oppression. 
“The Dark Knight” was merely a 
reflection of decades’ worth of char-
acter development done throughout 
the Golden, Silver and Modern age 
of comics. 

NATHAN: Just because there are 
bad adaptations and reboots doesn’t 
mean that we should deprive 
ourselves of the good ones. Take 
Shakespeare, for example. There 
have been thousands, if not mil-
lions, of Shakespeare adaptations 
— and most of them were probably 
bad. But that doesn’t diminish the 
story, and it doesn’t change the fact 
that every once in a while an excel-
lent, mind-blowing Shakespeare 
play or film comes along. Remakes 
and reboots allow for creative free-
dom, and they allow — every once 
in a while — a brand new take on 
a character we love to completely 
blow us out of the water.  

NICK: Well, as good as some reboots 
might be, too often does the true 
meaning of the material get reduced 
to a watered down version of the 
original. Movies are meant to appeal 
to a general audience, so elements of 
the original story are cannibalized 
in favor of dumbed-down action, 
sex and violence. Step back and try 
to consider the damage a reboot can 
do to a franchise, scaring away new 
fans and turning away old ones. Like 
Galactus from the Marvel universe, 
reboots may technically have the 
ability to revive a universe, but what 
usually happens is these worlds end 
up devoured. 



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

You want to fast-track your startup or corporate venture. We offer 
a proving ground for innovation: the new Master of Science in 
Entrepreneurship and Innovation at USC Marshall School of Business.

Offered through Marshall’s Lloyd Greif Center for Entrepreneurial Studies 
— consistently ranked among the top programs in the nation — the MSEI 
equips you with critical skills and maximizes your marketability. 

Study full- or part-time, and customize your degree to meet your specific 
goals. Put yourself in the driver’s seat with the MSEI — a hands-on, 
experiential program to expand your ability and accelerate your career.

Learn more, and apply online at marshall.usc.edu/msei

READY. SET. LAUNCH.

IS BACK

Take summer classes at  
San Diego Miramar College. 
Courses are only $46 a unit. 
Classes start June 16 
Visit sdccd.edu for more information.

A bathtub descending from the ceiling is one of the last things that comes to mind when con-
sidering a psychologically thrilling 
play about the Internet and post-
Iraq war, but Quiara Alegria Hudes 
manages to stitch these together to 
invent an explosive, award-winning 
play. “Water by the Spoonful” 
chronicles the life of Elliot Ortiz 
(Rey Lucas), a former Marine now 

working as a cashier at a Subway 
while tormented by memories of 
serving overseas. Tackling psycho-
logical issues such as trauma and 
addiction, the play starts as two 
separate stories — in real life and 
on the Internet — that intersect. 

There’s no doubt that Lucas 
possesses the charisma to pull off 
such a daunting lead role; Elliot is 
maimed by the war, and the actor 

conveys the tension seamlessly. 
Whether it’s quippy bickering with 
his ambitious older cousin Yazmin 
(Sarah Nina Hayon) or enduring 
the ghost of an innocent bystander 
(M. Keala Milles Jr.) he killed in the 
war, Lucas gives the audience the 
raw fear and passion needed. 

Elliot’s life soon tangles with that 
of his biological mother, Odessa 
(Marilyn Torres), early in the play 
when he receives a call revealing 
that his adoptive mother has passed 
away. Odessa herself has another 
occupation: She runs an online chat 
room — on one of those ancient, 
pre-2000 PC computers — for crack 
addicts to prevent relapse, though 
her leadership is dubious at best as 
Odessa teeters relapse herself.

With such a detailed story line, 
it would seem difficult to stage such 
a complexity; yet, the production 
each actor to accentuate key emo-
tions for critical moments. There is 

no denying the brilliancy of the vir-
tual chat room settings: Neon lights, 
in tandem with futuristic, 8-bit-
esque transition music, reverberate 
across the room and convey a space 
of distant intimacy. Other moments, 
such as Elliot’s haunting trauma 
escalating overwhelmingly as the 
stage dims and the ghost — repeat-
edly demanding his passport in 
Arabic with a horrifying aggression 
— cloaked in scarlet light, magnifies 
the vengeful nature of the war. 

Despite a hefty cast, the script 
manages to distribute enough 
growth for at least half the ensemble 
(which admittedly isn’t bad), but it 
makes it difficult for the viewer to 
keep track of connections among all 
eight characters. Despite that, the 
play makes the effort to fully flesh 
out Elliot and Odessa. Elliot, as a 
person, is beyond guarded; it isn’t 
until he can open up to his sister 
and biological mother, grappling 

with the dysfunction of his life in 
his injuries and scarring memories, 
that he begins to change. Hayon 
and Torres help to catalyze Lucas’s 
performance; Torres faces the dif-
ficult challenge of providing for 
the online and real world but does 
so almost seamlessly, providing a 
dynamic, tender character herself. 
She maintains order by moderating 
the online chat room but does so 
with humor, even though she is a 
remarkably tragic character.

“Water by the Spoonful” is a tall 
order — much more than a table-
spoon — that requires demanding 
capability, but both the cast and 
production do an excellent job 
of filling the shoes of the 2012 
Pulitzer Prize-winning play by vir-
tue of their tremendous talent.

 —      Christian   Gella
Staff Writer

PLAY    REVIEW

Location The Old Globe
Run Time April 12 to May 11
Cast Rey Lucas, Sarah Nina Hayon, Marilyn Torres, M. Keala Milles Jr., 
Ruibo Qian, Keith Randolph Smith

water by the spoonful
The 2012 Pulitzer Prize-winning play hits the 
Old Globe with themes of trauma and addiction.

PHOTOS USED WITH PERMISSION FROM THE OLD GLOBE

Rey Lucas (“Believe,” “Blue Bloods”) brilliantly portrays a traumatized soldier broken by the Iraq War in the Old Globe’s 
latest play. Drama Desk nominee Sarah Nina Hayon, far right, plays his cousin Yazmin in a complex story of family ties.



8     T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  WEEKEND

The Guardian samples the world’s cuisine in San Diego. This week: Italy.
GUARDIAN GOES GLOBAL

I talian cuisine, like many other ethnic cuisines, tends to get oversimplified to the public as 
just pizza and pasta. Though pizza 
and pasta are definitely a big part 
of Italian cuisine, each region of 
Italy has different specialty dishes 
that feature the crops and livestock 
of that specific region. Davanti 
Enoteca’s menu stays true to Italian 
style, embodying the culture and 
flavors of Italian regions such as 
Tuscany, Campania and Sicily. 

Recommendation: Go with a 
group of friends.

If you want to get a taste of dif-
ferent regions of Italy, ordering dif-
ferent dishes and sharing is the way 
to go. For the table, start out with the 
ricotta and honey comb cheese plat-
ter ($8). The savory ricotta cheese 
paired with sweet honey served 
on top of a thin, crispy and warm 
Pugliese-style bread (from the region 
of Puglia) is simple but combines 
fresh flavors that are a phenomenal 
way to awaken your palate. 

At this point, you might want to 
consider ordering something to wash 
everything down. There are a num-
ber of local San Diego beers such as 
Stone IPA, SD ($6) and imported 
Italian beers, such as Moretti ($6), 

on tap. Or, if you’d like to feel sophis-
ticated and order wine, Davanti 
Enoteca is the right place because 
“Enoteca” literally translates to “wine 
repository.” Don’t worry if you have 
no idea what is what — there’s an 
in-house sommelier who can suggest 
wines for you and let you try before 
you buy. If you’d prefer to try a classic 
Italian cocktail, order from the “Adult 
Beverages” menu, which features a 
number of classic aperitivo cocktails 
such as the Spritz ($11), which is a 
pretty reddish-pink drink that has 
aperol, prosecco, soda and orange.

One of the advantages of order-
ing with a group is that you can all 
order different dishes and try a bit 
of each. At Davanti, your taste buds 
can take a trip through almost every 
region of Italy through these dishes: 
Mascarpone Polenta ($14), Pizza con 
Prosciutto e Rucola ($15) and Spada 
Davanti ($16). The Mascarpone 
Polenta is traditionally a Northern 
Italian dish from the region of 
Lombardy that has a smooth, creamy 
and cheesy texture that pairs well 
with the ragu (a meat-based sauce) 
of the day. Served in a piping hot 
pot, the waiter will then spread out 
the polenta on a rustic wooden 
board and mix in the ragu, which 

features the meat of the day, such as 
pork shoulder, veal or lamb. If you 
are vegetarian, ask for the ragu on 
the side. At Davanti, pizza is made in 
the traditional thin-crust Neapolitan 
style, featuring the flavors of the 
Campania region. The Pizza con 
Prosciutto e Rucola is savory, smoky 
and spicy; it has no sauce, two dif-
ferent varieties of regional cheeses — 
mozzarella from Campania and fon-
tina from Val d’Aosta — and topped 
with thinly cut prosciutto, which 

comes from northern and central 
Italy, and spicy arugula. For a taste 
of Sicily, order the Spada Davanti. 
The Spada, which means “sword-
fish” in Italian, is grilled to perfec-
tion, coated with bread crumbs and 
served with chilies from the region 
of Calabria and brussels sprouts that 
will make you reconsider anything 
bad you’ve ever said about them. 

For those looking to expand 
their knowledge of regional Italian 
cuisine, the dining experience at 

Davanti is unbeatable. Overall, 
Davanti is a bit expensive for your 
average college student, but it is a 
great place to take your parents or 
friends that are willing to split the 
cost. Davanti’s environment, ser-
vice and culinary style is about as 
Italian as it gets; so, if you are look-
ing for authenticity, Davanti is the 
place to go.

HOURS:
Mon. to Fri.: 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. 
Sat.: 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Sun.: 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.

LOCATION:
1655 India St.
San Diego 92101

DAVANTI ENOTECA

readers can contact
Sh elby  N ewallis    SNewallis@ucsd.edu 

Located in San Diego’s Little Italy, Davanti Enoteca blends a traditional Italian menu with a modern flare. Menu items 
range from the familiar flatbreads to lesser known Riccio di Mare e Granchio. Photo by Siddarth Atre /Guardian

W atching “Fading Gigolo” is like eating Campbell’s Chicken Noodle Soup. 
There’s not enough bits of chicken, 
but, for some reason there are enor-
mous chunks of celery everywhere. 
Like the store brand soup, this film 
just does not have enough of the 
good stuff.

Fioravante (Turturro) is a soft-
spoken florist. His close compan-
ion is Murray (Woody Allen), a 
comedic former bookstore owner 

and Fioravante’s soon-to-be pimp. 
As the two pack up Murray’s now-
closed shop, the older man tells 
Fioravante the story of how his 
wealthy dermatologist, Dr. Parker 
(Sharon Stone), wants to have a 
threesome with her equally wealthy 
(and hot) friend Selima (Sofia 
Vergara) and a man. He claims that 
she asked him if he knew anybody 
who would take part (you know, 
just a normal conversation between 
a doctor and a patient) and, look-

ing Fioravante straight in the eye, 
tells him that he answered yes. 
From this opening, the two begin 
a lucrative venture in prostitution 
while troubling the Hasidic Jewish 
community at large. As to why this 
particular community, the reason 
probably lies more in Allen’s influ-
ence than anything.

The chicken bits of the soup 
that is “Fading Gigolo” are those 
moments of charm. Murray’s inter-
actions with the large black family 
that he lives with, headed by Othella 
(Tonya Pinkins), are touching. He 
cares for them, and when one has 
lice, he takes them to the Hasidic 
Jewish widow, Avigal (Vanessa 
Paradis) who treats it. Incidentally, 
he ends up talking her into receiv-
ing some “therapy” from a friend 
of his who specializes in her kind 
of loneliness. But, as amusing as 
Allen’s character is, one cannot help 
but be disturbed by his manipula-
tive tendencies.

What’s worse, though, is 
Paradis’s acting. In her meetings 
with Fioravante, there’s no sex, few 
words, little facial expression and 
zero chemistry. Every line she utters 
is short and refuses to explain what 
she is thinking. It’s possible that she 
is supposed to be this way because 
of her community, which the film 
portrays as repressive and judg-
mental. The film attempts to make 
some commentary on isolation, or 
Orthodox Judaism or both. It’s hard 
to tell. Mostly, it just feels like some-
thing offensive is happening. 

It seems Avigal serves as a foil 
to Parker and Selima, two sexu-
ally adventurous eccentrics. Parker 
seems dissatisfied with her cur-
rent partner, while Selima has no 
particular reason to be hiring a 
prostitute other than perhaps his 
discretion. All three women seem 
to be looking for someone to sat-
isfy their need for intimacy but on 
different levels. Fioravante’s value 

to the wealthy women is his acces-
sibility and his discretion, but he is 
also medicine for Avigal’s loneliness. 
Companionship that accepts all of 
a person’s quirks is important. It’s 
on this sentiment that the film just 
barely gets by.

At one point, Fioravante tells 
Murray that his clients are “vulner-
able people,” but that’s the deepest 
the film ever goes with this thought. 
It could have analyzed the strange 
power dynamic that is companion-
ship for sale and the exploitation on 
both sides, but it chose instead to 
dwell on its Jewish satire. If there’s 
a lesson to be learned here, it’s this: 
If one story involves parodying an 
entire community and the other 
analyzes materialism and sex, go 
with the latter. That would have 
more bits of chicken.

 —      Raquel  Calderon
Staff Writer

MOVIE    REVIEW

Director John Turturro
Release Date May 2
Starring John Turturo, Woody Allen, Sharon Stone, Sofia Vergara, 
Vanessa Paradis, Liev Schreiber

Fading  Gigolo
John Turturro’s comedy hits some of the 
right spots but is ultimately dissatisfying.

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM MILLENNIUM ENTERTAINMENT

John Turturro and Woody Allen 
— renowned for their directing, 
screenwriting and acting 
credits — take the screen as 
thoughtful florist Fioravante 
and manipulative bookstore 
owner Murray, respectively. 
The unlikely duo plots a sleazy 
scheme in the film, a 2013 
Toronto International Film 
Festival selection.



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9
U pon turning a corner from the modern extravagance of a Maserati dealership, there is 
a rare portal to the rural American 
past — Pannikin Coffee & Tea. 
Furnished with aged wood and 
multicultural abstract art, Pannikin 
has an antiquated, homey feel, 
coupled with the definite cleanliness 
of modern standards. Olden blues 
and jazz songs play with rooted 
soul throughout this cafe, finalizing 
a near-authentic 1930s ambiance. 
After conversing with a very atten-
tive and affable barista, it’s easy to 
see that Pannikin’s specialties are 
coffee, tea and baked goods.

Pannikin offers a wide array 
of coffees, ranging from common 
drinks such as the “White Mocha” 
to their specialties such as the “Jimi 
Hendrix.” Rich with flavor and in 
no way compromising potent roasts 
for dashes of sweetness, Pannikin 
serves a strong blend worthy of any 
coffee connoisseur. “White,” “Chai” 
and “Earl Grey” are just some of 
the many teas also available for 
those who seek a lighter drink still 
packed with flavor.

Situated conveniently in 
Pannikin’s front display case is 
an assortment of all-natural muf-
fins and savory quiches, perfect 
for quick, grab-and-go bites. The 
muffins have an organic, chunky 
feel, unrestrained by the typical 
household metallic molds of the 21st 
century. With a generous serving 
of fruit in muffins, flavors such as 
blueberry-banana or cranberry-apple 
stand out with distinctly unique 
tastes. Though definitely flavorful 
and texturally satisfying, the muffins 
have one downside: They’re pretty 
dry. Coupled with a thirst-quenching 
drink, however, this minor issue is 

easily resolved. Turning away from 
sweets, Pannikin also offers delecta-
ble quiches in two appetizing flavors: 
spinach and ham. After choosing 
the perfect slice, customers have the 
option of adding rich, melted ched-
dar cheese on top. The quiches have 
a firm, spongy texture packed with 
a plethora of savory goodness. The 
only paltry complaint is the bland-
ness of the crust. Because the quich-
es, like muffins, are pre-made, the 
crisp, flaky crusts that they originally 
possessed are not as apparent after 

half a day in the counter. However, 
this minor shortcoming pales greatly 
in comparison to the overall filling, 
mouth watering satisfaction that the 
appetizer provides.

Pannikin is definitely a one-
of-a-kind wonder. Whether you’re 
looking for a change of ambiance or 
just an appetizing, all-natural snack, 
Pannikin Coffee & Tea is the eccen-
tric, charming cafe for you.

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 

Do you suffer from:
runny/stuffy nose, watery/itchy eyes,

congestion, sneezing, sinus pressure?

Do you get hay fever?

Do you experience allergies that are induced by a change in the 
season? We are looking for allergic individuals to donate blood to 
help us study how seasonal pollens such as weeds, grasses, or trees 
induce allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how your immune system may cause allergies.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, you will 
be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to what is provided at 

a blood bank) and compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

(Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get HAY FEVER?

Do you suffer from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 
blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You 

will be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 
 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information.

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 
Do you enjoy the smell

of fresh-cut grass?
Is a picnic under a newly

blossoming tree enjoyable?
We are looking for people that do not suffer from allergies to 
donate blood to help us study how seasonal pollens cause 
allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how the immune system causes allergies and why 
non-allergic people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, 
you will be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to 

what is donated at a blood bank) and compensated $100 for 
your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

HOURS:
Mon. to Sun.: 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.

LOCATION:
7467 Girard Ave. 
La Jolla, CA 92037

PANNIKIN COFFEE & TEA

ANNIE CHEN
CONTRIBUTING 

WRITER

WITH

RECOMMENDED:
Quiche, Spinach or Ham

$

readers can contact
AN N I E  CH EN    ANC005@ucsd.edu 

A local favorite, Pannikin Coffee & Tea serves up a wide range of menu items from breakfast to brunch to early 
dinners. Pannikin’s spatious patio allows cafe-goers to enjoy the weather or a good book. Megan Lao /Guardian

ILLUSTRATION BY AMBER SHROYER 



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

PETS
Adopt Frost of CA a American Eskimo Dog 
*** Fostered in San Diego, CA *** Hi, I’m 
Frost. I’m just over one year old and con-
sidered a toy sized American Eskimo. I was 
born with a heart murmur but have had 
that fixed by a very special doctor at UC 
Davis. Listing ID: 84801361 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Adopt Timmy a Shepherd, Yellow Labrador 
Retriever. Timmy is 4.5 mnths old and 
weighs 18lbs. He is great with other dogs, 
nice with kids and cats are ok. He is very 
friendly and playful, walks well on a leash, 
and loves to be around people. Timmy was 
found as a stray by a local American resi-
dent. Listing ID: 84801360 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

Maltese x Shih Tzu - Designer Puppy – 
MalShi. Precious male MalShi or Teddy 
Bear designer puppy named ‘Ryder’. * 

Mother - Shih Tzu * Father - Maltese * eight 
weeks old and ready to go home! * Current 
on Shots and Deworming * Veterinarian 
Checked and Cleared * Clean Bill of Health 
* 8-10lbs Fully grown * Micro chip (option-
al) * House breaking Kit (optional) * Starter 
Bag of Premium Puppy Food Listing ID: 
84801359 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

ELECTRONICS
Otterbox - iPad Mini - Asking for $40. 
Listing ID: 84801347 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Canon Powershot Elph 330 HS Black 
12MP 10x zoom lens 3” LCDColor: Black. 
12 Megapixels Zoom: 10X optical zoom 
LCD: 3” Digic five processor (much faster 
than previous gen Digic four processor so 
it has a much shorter lag time between 
shots). It can shoot 12MP photos and high 
def full 1080p resolution video with a 
push of a button. Good quality picture 
even with low light. Listing ID: 84801346 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

HP 5520 Printer - Asking for $100. HP 
Photosmart 5520 e-All-in-One Print/Scan/
Copy/Web. Great all-in-one printer- still 
in the box, never been used!! Listing ID: 
84801345 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

TEXTBOOKS
Grossmont/Cuyamaca textbooks - Other 
Voices, Other Vistas $4. Nothing wrong 
with this one. -An Introduction to 
Chemistry for Biology Students $20. Never 
even touched this book. -College and 
Career Success $60 - Bought the book for a 
class then found out I needed etext. Terrific 
condition no writing in it that I’ve seen.
Listing ID: 84500709 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Cookbooks & Textbooks & Reference 
Books - We are moving overseas and 
selling lots of other stuff along with our 
books: COOKBOOKS $5.00 each. Listing ID: 
84433118 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

College Text Books - 1. The Singing Book 
(2nd Edition) (Terrific Condition , Never 
Used ) $80.00 (Sold) - 2. Reading and 
All That Jazz (4th Edition) (Like-new con-
dition) $25.00 - 3. The Longman Writer 
(8th Edition) (Attractive Condition) $45.00 
- 4. The Exceptional Child (6th Edition) 
(Attractive Condition) $20.00 (Sold) - 5. 
The Real World (2nd Edition) (Excellent 
condition) $80.00 - 6. Exploring Biological 
Anthropology (2nd Edition) (Excellent 
condition) $80.00 - 7. Your Health Today 
(Custom Edition For Southwestern College) 
(Excellent condition) $70.00. Listing ID: 
84433117 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

UCSD BLOOD 
DONOR ALLERGY 

STUDY: 
Subjects with either current 
allergy symptoms to inhaled 

allergens (cat, grass, dust 
mite), or healthy non-allergic 
volunteers, needed as blood 

donors for research study. 
Will be reimbursed $20 for 

blood donation.
Contact Dr. Broide, 

Department Medicine 
(619-335-8685).

LOVE DRIVING? 
Get the perfect 
part-time job: 

• Earn $12.85/hour
• Work on campus
• Flexible schedule

• Paid training
• Hiring now for summer 

training
• UCSD students only

Details at 
shuttledrivers.ucsd.edu

FIND US!

SUN GOD BABIES
SPECIAL EDITIONCROSSWORD

ACROSS
3.    The place with all of your organization needs
5.    The best falafels on campus
6.    Artists who have the prime spot in the festival lineup
9.    The walls of this room are decorated with Sun God history
10.  A place to work off your banana split and also do the splits
15.  Can’t afford a lawyer? Well the school has supplied on-call 

lawyers here
17.  Nathaniel Rathbun
23.  Where you sign up for classes in person
24.  Sun Gods House DJ
25.  Played “Hemptathalon Smoker #1” in Mac & Devin Go to 

High School
26.  Enter the Lion’s den with this Berkeley alum 

DOWN
1.    Hitsong = Cough Syrup
2.    Get help with HUM, MCWP, DOC, MMW, WCWP, and CAT
4.    Lead vocalist of Young the Giant
7.    In 2010, they released a self-titled album
8.    Katy Perry’s collaboration with one of the Sun God headliners
11.  Guitarist of Young the Giant
12.  They have really nice bagels in this student run food place
13.  Home of the La Jolla Symphony
14.  Nominated for 2013 BET Rookie of the Year
16.  "It's hard out here for a pimp."
17.  Student organizers of the Sun God Festival
18.  It accesses dining dollars and doors and you need it with you at all 

times during Sun God
19.  Packages come and go, but this government-run office is here to stay
20.  The thing that you need to get into the festival
21.  A funny UCSD alum
22.  This DJ is mad decent sgf.ucsd.edu

15

13

23

1

9

2

4

25

11

7

14

19

8

2118

12

6

5

20

24

10

3

26

16

17

22

NOW
ON SALE

OFFICIAL SUN GOD 2014
MERCHANDISE

IN STORE & ONLINE
sgf.ucsd.edu



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

hardware tomorrow.” However, the 
Tritons were unable to repeat their 
impressive finishes on Sunday as 
UCSD team came up short against 
multiple nationally ranked oppo-
nents. 

In the Varsity 8 Grand Final, 
UCSD crossed the finish line fourth, 
finishing in 7:13.10, nearly 21 sec-
onds behind No. 4 Humboldt State.

The Varsity 4 was able to make the 
podium, placing third with a time 
of 7:59.95, coming up short behind 
Humboldt State. 

In the second Varsity 8 Grand Fi-
nal, UCSD finished with similar re-
sults to those of the first heat, plac-
ing fourth and finishing in 7:22.52, 
over nine seconds slower than the 
first race. UCSD finished in sixth 

place the Novice 8 with a time of 
7:00.03.

“Overall, it was a solid day for the 
team,” Truex said. “Having all boats 
competing in [the] Grand Finals 
was a first for us.”

The Tritons will now travel across 
the country for the Aberdeen Dad 
Vail Regatta in Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, which will take place from 
May 9 to 10. The event will mark the 
Tritons’ final regular season meet 
before they travel to Indianapolis 
for the NCAA Championships at the 
end of the month.

“We are still looking to find our 
top speed,” Truex said. “We need to 
buckle down over the next 10 days 
before heading to the East Coast.”  

La Face most notably turned every at-
bat into a highlight. La Face finished 
game one 4-for-4 with two doubles, 
his second home run of 2014, four 
runs batted in and four runs. In 
game two, Rahn also hit a ball out of 
the park for the second time in 2014 
while batting in five runs and crossing 
home plate six times on the day. 

Junior left-hander Trevor Scott (5–
2) started on the mound in the first 
game and exited after pitching five in-
nings and allowing only two runs, one 
earned, on five hits. 

Sophomore infielder Troy Cruz, the 
only Triton to start all 42 games, con-
tributed to the offense by going 2-for-
3 with three runs scored in game one.

“This was probably one of the best 
team-offensive days that we’ve had,” 
UCSD head coach Eric Newman 
said. “It wasn’t one guy. Although we 
did have some guys have some pretty 

good days, we got production out of a 
lot of areas.”

In the second match, freshman 
centerfielder Jack Larsen hit his first 
collegiate long ball during a five-run 
fourth inning, bringing the score to 
11–0. UCSD tallied five more in the 
seventh inning to seal the 16–0 win

Cruz (7–2) took the mound for 
the tenth time in 2014 in the night-
cap, throwing five frames and earn-
ing his fifth consecutive winning 
decision. Following two other reliev-
ers, senior right-hander Scott Ze-
man closed the game for the Tritons 
by striking out the last two batters 
swinging after allowing a walk with 
one away.

With the postseason drawing near, 
California Collegiate Athletic Asso-
ciation rivals Chico State and Cali-
fornia State Polytechnic University 
Pomona battled to remain in first 
place, with Chico taking two games 
at home. UCSD gained one game 

over Cal Poly Pomona, keeping its 
position at third in the league. Sec-
ond-place Sonoma State defeated Cal 
State Stanislaus at home, maintain-
ing its advantage over the Tritons.

“I want us to play the best baseball 
we can play at the end of the year,” 
Newman told the Guardian. “What-
ever that means, however many 
wins, I just want us to become the 
best team we can be.”

 UCSD concludes regular season 
play in a four-game series against Cal 
State San Bernardino this weekend 
at Triton Ballpark. Saturday’s Senior 
Day doubleheader is scheduled for 2 
p.m., starting with a special recogni-
tion of graduating seniors before the 
first pitch is thrown. The Tritons will 
commence postseason play the week 
after, though the schedule has yet to 
be determined.

sorts of events that they can host 
together,” Hawthorne said. “I would 
also like to work with Ken Gross on 
having another spirit night during 
[Fall Quarter 2014].”

While Hawthorne’s position 
covers many facets of student life, 
her approach is very rooted in her 
athletics background. She believes 
UCSD’s athletics are the key to a 
more unified Triton community 
and a better overall campus 
environment. 

“My whole position is, in a broad 
sense, to improve campus spirit and 
raise the excitement of the overall 
climate,” Hawthorne said. “I am a 
huge supporter of that coming out of 
athletics because it is something that 

is nonpolitical, and it is something 
people can really rally around.”

One of her primary goals is to 
liven up sporting events, and she has 
several ideas on promoting visibility 
for the Triton sports squads.

“I want to work with the AVP of 
Concerts and Events on having a 
Bear Garden, potentially on RIMAC 
field before sporting events so that 
everyone is really amped up and 
there is a good campus vibe going 
into the game,” she said.

Beyond that, the push for a move 
to Division I for the UCSD Athletics 
Department is still a top priority. 
Hawthorne believes that pushing for 
increased student awareness of and 
enthusiasm in Triton athletics are 
the keys to doing so. 

“I want to get A.S. and all the 

different groups on campus to know 
about athletic events to foster their 
interest,” Hawthorne said. “With 
that, if a [Division I] referendum 
were to come around in the next 
couple years, there would be a 
heightened love for the athletic 
programs throughout campus.”

Though she no longer sports a Triton 
uniform herself, she is still passionate 
about the sports community.

“I came to UCSD really excited 
about athletics,” Hawthorne said. 
“That love never died. [Running 
for A.S.] was more about getting 
involved in the whole campus 
community, and athletics is still 
very dear to my heart.”

Complete the survey by May 23 for your chance to win!
Sponsored by UC San Diego Student Life and University Centers

Looking for OFF CAMPUS housing?

Tell us about your search experience
for a chance to WIN an iPad mini or
Triton Cash gift cards!

bit.ly/liveoffcampus

Hawthorne Plans to Liven Sports Events, Push for D-I Athletics 
▶ HAWTHORNE, from page 12

readers can contact
kirsten  willmon    kwillmon@ucsd.edu 

Baseball to Face CSUSB in Final Series of  Regular Season 
▶ BASEBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
john  story    jstory@ucsd.edu 

Crew to Row in Dad Vail Regatta Before 
Shooting for NCAAs at the End of  May

readers can contact
clay  kaufman    gckaufma@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION BY UCSD ATHLETICS/GUARDIAN

▶ W. CREW, from page 12



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

In its last nonconference action 
of the year, the No. 13 UCSD men’s 
baseball team easily swept Azusa 
Pacific University in a doubleheader 
last Saturday. The wins place UCSD 
at a 29–13 overall record going into 
its final regular season series against 
Cal State San Bernardino this com-
ing weekend. 

Triton bats lit up the Cougar 
pitching staff in both games, pro-
ducing an 11–7 advantage to win 
game one and handing Azusa Pacific 
a devastating 16–0 shutout loss in 
the evening contest. 

While the Tritons all hit with suc-
cess, seniors outfielder/left-hander 
Justin Rahn and centerfielder Nick 

A.S. Council’s incoming Vice President of Campus Affairs and former Triton volleyball captain 
Amber Hawthorne intends to use her new position to push Triton athletics to greater heights. 

BY KIRSTEN WILLMON STAFF WRITER
DESIGN BY DOROTHY VAN

PLAYER SPOTLIGHT AMBER HAWTHORNE

Setting for Success

UCSD Routs Azusa in Doubleheader Triton Rowers Show 
Strength at WIRA Races  

BASEBALL WOMEN'S  CREW

Tritons win 11–7 before exploding offensively in 16–0 shutout victory on Saturday. 
BY  joh n  sto ry

associate sports editor

ewly elected A.S. Council Vice President of Campus 
Affairs Amber Hawthorne knows a thing or two about what 

it takes to be a leader. After entering UCSD as a high-profile 
volleyball recruit, Hawthorne spent two years on the Triton 

women’s volleyball squad before making her  move to student 
politics. Her time in athletics included one year as the team 

captain, giving her quite the leg up on her political competition 
in terms of leadership qualifications. 

Hawthorne’s sports life started not in volleyball but in softball. 
It was not until a spontaneous tryout for a volleyball team that 
Hawthorne found her way into the game. 

“My sister was going to try out for a recreational team,” 
Hawthorne told the UCSD Guardian. “When we got to the 
tryout, she decided she didn’t want to try volleyball just yet. 
Since we were there, I figured I might as well try it.” 

Hawthorne went on to play both junior varsity volleyball 
and softball at Granada Hills High School and lettered for both 
sports her sophomore year. By her junior year, however, she quit 
softball to make volleyball her primary focus.

“I had been playing [softball] since I was six, and by the time 
I got to my high school years, volleyball was fresher and had 
caught my interest,” Hawthorne said.

Soon enough, she began to attract collegiate volleyball 
recruiters and, in her sophomore year, received her first letter 
from UCSD’s then-head coach Tom Black. 

“I visited the school three times before my senior year,” 
Hawthorne said. “I fell in love with the campus, the climate and 
the sort of overall campus vibes.”

In her freshman year as a Triton, she started 14 matches 
during the 2011 fall season and was one of just three Tritons 
to play in all 102 sets. By the end of only her first year, 
Hawthorne recorded seven double-doubles along with balancing 
her academics — a standout freshman campaign that earned her 

California Collegiate Athletic Association All-Academic Award 
as well. 

As a sophomore and newly minted captain in 2012, she 
started all 31 matches, playing 114 of 115 sets. She was selected 
All-CCAA Second Team and led the team with 26 service aces. 
Hawthorne also recorded 12 double-doubles on the season and 
tallied the team’s only triple-double of the year with 14 kills, 39 
assists and 20 digs at Cal State Monterey Bay.

Yet with such a successful collegiate volleyball career only 
halfway finished, the accomplished Triton felt something was 
missing. Hawthorne was in search of a more well-rounded 
college experience.

“By the time I got to college, I was seeing all my friends 
involved in different things,” Hawthorne said. “So I really wanted 
to branch out and get a different taste of the college experience.”

Since her departure from athletics, she truly has branched out. 
Hawthorne has utilized her newfound free time to work under 
Student Services as a college ambassador and also joined Greek 
Life as a member of Pi Beta Phi — all on top of making her mark 
in student government. 

Her new position will certainly provide pressures and 
challenges, but Hawthorne plans to meet them head-on. She 
intends to waste no time in her position as she plans for 
increased campus spirit and event attendance for UCSD’s 
athletic programs. 

“I want to do a lot of personal communication with Tritons 
Athletes Council and with the Greek community [to] see if there are 
s ome 

See HAWTHORNE, page 3

“I came to UCSD really excited about athletics. That   
love never died.”

— Amber Hawthorne 

All three boats advance to Grand Finals at WIRAs for 
first time in UCSD history and face tough competition. 

The No. 5 nationally ranked 
UCSD women’s rowing team com-
peted at the Western Intercollegiate 
Rowing Association Championships 
this weekend in Sacramento, Cali-
fornia. While none took first place, 
all three Triton boats advanced to 
Sunday’s Grand Finals.

In Saturday’s qualifying rounds, 
UCSD snagged second place in the 
Varsity 8 heat, posting a time of 7 
minutes, 12.70 seconds, a mere third 
of a second ahead of UC Davis. 
Humboldt State came in first, win-
ning by 12 seconds.

In the Varsity 4 race, the Tri-
tons once again finished second in 
8:05.30, five seconds behind No. 4 
Humboldt State and three seconds 
ahead of third place Seattle Pacific 
University. UCSD’s Novice 8 fin-
ished third with 7:38.70, marking 
the first time in school history in 
which all three boats earned spots in 
the Grand Finals.

“It was a great team performance,” 
head coach Colin Truex told the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “Get-
ting every boat into the Grand 
Finals is something we can all be 
proud of and we’ll be going for some 

BY  clay  kau fman
staff writer

See  BASEBALL, page 11 See W. CREW, page 11

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 N
H

A
N

 N
G

U
Y

E
N

/G
U

A
R

D
IA

N

Track & Field
Baseball
Softball
Softball
M. Golf

   5/01
   5/03
   5/03
   5/04
   5/05

AT CCAA Championships
VS Cal State San Bernardino
AT CCAA Championships 
AT CCAA Championships
AT NCAA Regionals

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

PHOTOS USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS AND TRITONS FORWARD

N




