
I’D RATHER BE 
THRIFTING

As fashion trends come and 
go, second-hand stores and 
thrift shops have become 

the source our generation’s 
styles. Read up on the best of 
San Diego’s hand-me-downs.

NO  LIGHTS,  NO  SIRENS

BASKETBALL  REBUILDS

sun  god  safety  improvements

ucsd  signs  new  recruits

opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

THURSDAY
H 67 L 61

FRIDAY
H 68 L 61

SATURDAY
H 69 L 61

SUNDAY
H 75 L 63

FORECAST

OVERHEARD

Throughout 
all the crazi-
ness that’s 
occuring 
right now, I 
wanted to 
send my love and support 
to all the family and friends 
of the late Ricky Ambriz.”

- Meryl Press
NEW BUSINESS

NEWS, PAGE 2

INSIDE
Birdland Finale ................ 2
Editorials ........................ 4
Film Review .................... 7
Calendar ....................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

“

WEEKEND,  PAGE  6

PHOTO COURTESY OF AQUA DESIGN INNOVATION

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 56                   THURSDAY, MAY 22, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

UNIVERSITY  CENTERS 

A.S.  COUNCIL

A.S. Judicial Board Strikes 
Down Changes to Bylaws

Uncertainty lies ahead for voter-approved tweaks to the A.S. Council 
constitution after the governing body loses power to implement them.

BY  Meryl Press  STAFF writer

The A.S. Judicial Board struck down the validity of a referendum amending the governing body’s 
bylaws on Tuesday, May 20. Following a 
student-filed grievance, the Judicial Board’s 
decision strips A.S. Council of the ability to 
implement voter-approved changes to the 
Council’s structure — which student leaders 
had planned to do for the 2015 general 
elections. 

Council’s Bylaws Committee had 
proposed several changes to the A.S. 
Constitution during the 2013-14 term, 
including changing VP Student Life to VP 
Campus Affairs, adding two International 
Senators to the Council and decreasing the 
number of First Year senators on Council 
from three to two. 

A grievance hearing was held in response 
to two complaints that Thurgood Marshall 
College UC Advisory Board Representative 
Ellen Kim filed against the new A.S. 
Council due to several alleged constitutional 
violations — including that the referendum 
language had not been available to students 
prior to and during the election except on 
the actual ballot.

Kim filed her first grievance based on four 
different violations — specifically that A.S. 
Council did not send out two emails to the 

student body with the referendum texts and 
that pro and con statements were not present 
on the ballot. 

The second grievance pertained to how 
the votes were counted — Kim argued 
that “abstain” votes should count when 
determining whether a majority vote passed 
or not, rather than being omitted completely. 
Although A.S. Council presides under 
Robert’s Rules of Order — meaning it does 
not count abstain votes — Kim claimed that 
there is no language that mandates elections 
to also follow Robert’s rules. 

Kim explained that both of these 
grievances were grounds to nullify the 
results of the student referendum vote.

Interim Advocate General Colin King 
defended A.S. Council at the hearings 
and argued that it was inappropriate that 
the hearing was held before the Judicial 
Board, rather than an elections grievance 
committee.

“This is an elections grievance [that] 
should be filed [and] considered as an 
elections grievance,” King said. “It happened 
during the elections process, and the 
complainant quoted multiple citations from 
the elections code.”

Thus, the main dispute was regarding 
whether the grievance should have been 

University Centers Advisory Board 
postponed an impending decision 
regarding whether or not to close 
down the Che Cafe facility next year 
during its meeting with Che Cafe 
representatives on Tuesday, May 20. 

Che Cafe Co-operative principal 
member Davide Carpano thinks that 
UCAB decided to postpone the vote 
because it noticed discrepancies in the 
information presented. UCAB Chair 
Sammy Chang agreed that the board 
tabled the vote in order to hear more 
information and to ensure that no rash 
decisions would be made.

There are many points of 
contention and confusion between the 
disputing parties. Carpano argued that 
University Centers is legally obligated 
to maintain the Che Cafe building 
under the Master Space Agreement. He 
further stated that although University 
Centers Director Sharon Van Bruggen 
had said that UCEN is not obligated 
to maintain the facility, she has yet to 
provide legal documentation as proof.

“Their job is to maintain our 
centers; those are standard landlord/
tenant things,” Carpano said. “From 
our perspective, they have failed. It’s 
fiscally irresponsible and unfair.” 

Chang said that it is unclear 
whether UCEN can complete its 
agreement when there is a dispute over 
what the Master Space Agreement 
means in regards to the Che’s loss of 
non-profit status. According to Chang, 
they expect to gain non-profit status 
back in about a month.

Another point of contention is 
whether or not the safety concerns 
that the fire marshal addressed were 
recommendations or actual mandates.

“While we agree that [the repairs 
are] important, and while we want our 
patrons to be in a space that is safe, 
we see this as a way to close the Che,” 
Carpano said. “We don’t agree with the 
way this is being carried out; they’re 
using the words of the fire marshal 
against us.”

Additionally, UCAB contends that 
the Che Cafe is indebted to UCEN, 
while the Che argued that its debt 
should have been forgiven along with 
the other co-operatives’ debt in their 
retroactive rent agreement.

Chang said that the meetings will 
continue and the decision can be 
tabled as long as UCAB would like to. 

“UCAB is trying to represent 
the entire student body’s opinions,” 
Chang said. “We’re working to ensure 
that every student has the greatest 
experience. If that means we have to 
divert resources somewhere else to 
make sure that things get funded, then 
UCAB will be taking that route.”

UCAB will hold a special meeting 
to discuss the Che Cafe and the budget 
on Friday, May 23 from 1 p.m. to 3 
p.m. at the Forum on the fourth floor 
of Price Center East.

UCAB
Postpones 
Vote On 
Che Cafe

BY   Gabri ella  Fleisch man
News Editor

See GRIEVANCES, page 3

IN  REMEMBERANCE

Ricky Ambriz (1993-2014)

Revelle College junior Ricky Ambriz, who passed away last Saturday morning around 2:30 a.m. 
was a computer science major involved in several student organizations. An online fundraiser for 
the family had raised over $8,600 by press time. Donations accepted at tinyurl.com/rickyambriz.

readers can contact
gabriella  fleischman   gfleisch@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY JONATHAN GAO/GUARDIAN



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Slam Piece.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa

Copy Readers
Micaela Stone, Kriti Sarin

Editorial Assistants
Emily Bender, Rosina Garcia, Charu Mehra, 

Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

JENNY AND THE JETS By Jenny Park

ON TRITONLINK.UCSD.EDU • MAY 19-23

F O R  MOR E I NF O R M A T I O N  V I S IT  AS .U CS D.E D U/ E L EC TIONS

UCSD STUDENT TRANSPORTATION FEE REFERENDUM

SCIENCE  AND  TECHNOLOGY

Researchers Find Genetic Risk Factor in Pre-mature Childbirth

Scientists at the UCSD School of 
Medicine published a study in the 
Journal of Experimental Medicine 
on May 5 showing a discovered 
genetic risk factor for premature 
births is related to genes that fight 
Group B Streptococcus bacteria. 
According to a news release by the 
UCSD Health System, these bacteria 
are found in the vagina or lower gas-
trointestinal tract of approximately 
15 to 20 percent of healthy women 
but may cause life-threatening 
infections in newborns, especially 
those born prematurely.

The human body has two recep-
tors that tell the body how strongly 
to react to the bacteria. One of the 
receptors, siglec-5, indicates that 
there should not be an immune 

response while siglec-14 encour-
ages a response. The two receptors 
work together to organize balanced 
responses to detected pathogens, 
although certain pathogens, such 
as streptococcus, can avoid innate 
immune responses by camouflag-
ing their surfaces with sugars that 
mimic the host’s cells. 

In the clinical study, UCSD sci-
entists looked at the occurrence of 
premature births and found that 
siglec-14 deficient fetuses are at a 
higher risk of prematurity, likely 
due to an imbalanced immune 
response to GBS infection. 

Dr. Ajit Varki, study co-author 
and distinguished professor of med-
icine and cellular and molecular 
medicine said in an interview with 
Bioscience Technology that the pre-
maturity factor, along with the GBS 
and corresponding receptors, have 

been found to be human specific.
“The expression of the two siglec 

proteins on the fetal membranes is 
also unique to humans,” Varki said. 
“Our study offers intriguing insights 
into why certain bacterial patho-
gens may produce uniquely human 
diseases.”

Dr. Victor Nizet co-author and 
professor of pediatrics and phar-
macy noted that having both recep-
tors does not prevent all infections 
or diseases.

“An earlier study showed that 
the presence of both receptors made 
you more at-risk of having chronic 
obstructive pulmonary disease,” 
said Nizet. “There are upsides and 
downsides to having both.”

Nizet said women who are found 
to have one receptor may be given a 
different treatment than those with 
two receptors.

“In the future, we can imagine 
our approach to preventing prema-
turity and infection in infants will 
take into account this new infor-
mation, and that management and 
therapy will be catered to the indi-
vidual,” Nizet said.

Additionally, other papers con-
cerning similar research have shown 
that both receptors were more likely 
to be present in some demographic 
populations than others.

“A previous paper showed that 
both of these receptors are found 
less frequently in the African popu-
lation or Asian populations com-
pared to Caucasian population,” Ali 
said. “However, there is no data to 
demonstrate this.”

BY  Ti na  Butoiu
Contributing writer

readers can contact
Tina  Butoiu     cbutoiu@ucsd.edu 

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER @UCSDGUARDIAN



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

Complete the survey by May 23 for your chance to win!
Sponsored by UC San Diego Student Life and University Centers

Looking for OFF CAMPUS housing?

Tell us about your search experience
for a chance to WIN an iPad mini or
Triton Cash gift cards!

bit.ly/liveoffcampus

Speaker Walks Out of  Forum 
During Heated Council Meeting

Hi friends! Welcome back from 
Sun God Festival!

A.S. President Robby Boparai 
stated that he was unsure of the 
cause of Revelle student Ricky 
Ambriz’s death on Saturday, but 
asked for a moment of silence in 
his honor.

Interim Advocate General Colin 
King walked out 
of the Forum due 
to his objection 
on Student 
Fee Advisory 
Committee 
Chair Sammy Chang’s presentation 
regarding transportation. Based 
on the fact that Chang heads the 
opposition to the transportation 
referendum, King wanted to avoid 
a grievance and believed that one 
might be filed due to the content 
within Chang’s “Parking and 
Transportation” presentation. 

Many council members 
questioned Chang over the logistics 
of the presentation and whether 
there was a possibility of biased 
information within it that could 
cause a student to file a grievance 
complaint.Chang explained that his 
presentation did not favor any one 
specific side.

“I don’t see anything wrong 
with my presentation,” Chang said. 
“This is more relevant to the A.S. 
budget then the referendum; I’m 
appealing specifically to the AVP of 
Enterprises.”

Things got spicy when King felt 
personally attacked by Chang. Chang 
had called King “Advocate General 
and Elections Manager,” prior to 
Chang’s statement of his reasoning 
for presenting the presentation.

Chang, who is also the chair of 
University Centers Advisory Board, 
later explained UCAB’s position on 
closing down the Che Cafe.

“We do appreciate what the Che 
[Cafe] has done as a representation 
of the value of a Che Cafe facility and 
cooperative,” Chang said. “It is noted 
that Che Cafe has its own insurance; 
however, Che Cafe facilities are to 
make sure that every single student 
who goes there is safe and our 
decision is based upon the entire 

student body.”
When Council 

requested the 
presentation 
be recorded so 
everyone may be 

held accountable, a chuckle occurred 
as Chang suggested the recording 
be posted on the A.S. website. 
Vice President External Affairs 
Allyson Osorio originally objected 
to the recording, due to a former 
presentation she had done that had 
been recorded without her consent. 

Recording the presentation had 
made Osorio feel uncomfortable. 
Chang, in contrast, laughed and 
stated that he loves to hear the sound 
of his own voice!

Have no fear, for the Parking 
and Transportation Presentation 
is here! In his presentation, Chang 
discussed the history of UCSD’s 
Transportation, beginning with 
Gregory Snee, the “father of UCSD 
transportation.”

Chang compared UC Davis’ 
student-run shuttles and how it 
provides 50 percent of Davis’ 
revenue and urged A.S. Council to 
continue to build UCSD and serve 
the students.

Throughout all the craziness 
that’s occurring right now, I wanted 
to send my love and support to all 
the family and friends of the late 
Ricky Ambriz.

Summer is almost here students, 
so stay strong everyone and I will see 
you all next week!

meryl  press 
mpress@ucsd.edu

new  business

A.S. Speaker King Plans to Appeal Judicial Board Decision

filed against A.S. Council or the A.S. 
Elections Committee. The Elections 
Committee hears cases up to two days 
after the grievances are discovered, and 
it dissolves two weeks after elections 
are over to ensure that if a grievance is 
filed, it is filed in a timely manner. 

Though these grievances exceeded 
that two-week period, Kim explained 
that UCSD provides her with a 
21-academic day window to file a 
grievance if it is against A.S. Council 
as a whole. Kim stated that since the 
election code violations fall under 
the Council bylaws, A.S. Council still 

has jurisdiction over the procedures, 
meaning it did not necessarily have to 
be an elections grievance.

The Judicial Board agreed that 
three of the four violations in the first 
grievance fell under ASUCSD Act 
528, which was within Judicial Board’s 
jurisdiction. It eventually ruled to 
overturn the amendment referendum 
results based on the evidence heard 
during the hearing. 

However, it ruled for King in 
the second grievance, finding that 
all acts of A.S. Council, including 
referendums, are conducted according 
to Robert’s Rules and the abstentions 
were correctly omitted from the final 

vote count. 
Kim later questioned former 

Advocate General Ernie Mejia about 
whether the election results are binding 
constitutional changes.

“It’s a recommendation to Council 
on behalf of ASUCSD,” Mejia said. 
“The Council has jurisdiction to adopt 
these changes by ASUCSD, [and] now 
it is up to A.S. Council to approve them 
to be put into effect next year.”

King expressed plans to appeal 
the Judicial Board decision in a 
future hearing.

▶ GRIEVANCES, from page 1

readers can contact
Meryl Press     mpress@ucsd.edu 

Chancellor Announces Four Finalists for VCSA
Administrators from UCLA, University of Texas-Austin, Purdue and UMass 
Amherst have made the cut to replace Alan Houston as head of Student Affairs.

UCSD Chancellor Pradeep K. 
Khosla announced the advancement 
of candidates Juan Gonzalez, Sam 
Bersola, Melissa Exum and Jean 
Kim to replace the Vice Chancellor 
of Student Affairs position in an 
email sent on May 15. 

Each candidate will have the 
opportunity to hold two open 
forums open to students and the 
public to discuss the candidates’ 
skills and expertise. The forum will 
include a question & answer panel.

The search committee in charge 
of the hiring process included 
Khosla, education studies associate 
professor Frances Contreras, 
former A.S. President Andy Buselt 
and Graduate Student Associate 
Representative Rahul Kapadia.

Once a new candidate is selected, 
current Interim Vice Chancellor of 
Student Affairs Alan Houston will 

step down from his position.
Duties of the VCSA office include 

overseeing student-related affairs 
and implementing UCSD’s vision 
of the nation’s leading student-
centered and researched-focused, 
service-orientated public university, 
according to the UCSD Office of the 
Chancellor website. The position 
provides executive leadership for 
general campus initiatives, improves 
the quality of student life, recruits 
undergraduates and collaborates 
with Academic Affairs regarding 
student retention. 

Gonzalez is the Program Head in 
Higher Education Leadership from 
the University of Texas at Austin. 
Bersola works as the Assistant 
Vice Provost from the University 
of California, Los Angeles. Exum 
serves as the Vice President for 
Student Affairs at Purdue University. 
Kim formerly held a position as the 
Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs 
& Campus Life in the University of 

Massachusetts, Amherst.
Chancellor Khosla invited all UCSD 

students to attend each candidate’s 
open forums.

Gonzalez held both sessions of his 
open forum on Wednesday, May 21 at 
Price Center. 

Bersola will hold his forums on May 
28 from 11 to 11:50 a.m. at the Forum 
in Price Center’s fourth floor and 1:30 
to 2:30 PM in the Multipurpose Room 
at the Student Services Center.

Exum will hold her first open 
forum from 11 to 11:50 a.m., also at the 
Price Center Forum, and her second at 
1:30 to 2:30 p.m. in the Multipurpose 
Room at the Student Services Center 
on May 30. 

The final candidate, Kim, will hold 
her forum on June 2, from 10 to 10:50 
a.m. at the Forum, and 1:30 to 2:30 
p.m. at the Multipurpose Room at the 
Student Services Center.

BY  justi n e  liang
senior staff writer

readers can contact
justine  liang   JjL096@ucsd.edu 



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Sun God Says...

Cooperation between students and 
the administration led to a more 
successful Sun God Festival, but 

there is still room for improvement.

It Takes a 
Village to 
Pay For
the Bus

ILLUSTRATION BY ROCIO PLASCENCIA

The 2014 Sun God Festival came and went this past weekend — swiftly but not without hitches. This year’s guinea pig fes-tivalgoers saw heightened security measures, many of which 
we had misgivings about. As the festival played through, however, 
we were pleasantly surprised to see that these new measures did not 
seem to obstruct students’ enjoyment.

The new registration system certainly increased the efficiency of 
wristband distribution. But beyond expediting wristband lines the 
Thursday before Sun God 2014 and acting as a safety blanket for 
emergency identification, there were no other obvious benefits stem-
ming from the addition of the barcode, making us wonder if it was 
worth instituting at all.

One of our primary concerns for this year’s Sun God Festival had 
been that the security clampdown and the very notion of a more 
restricted festival would incite even more wild behavior in students. 
It was widely expected that instances of excess drinking and use of 
illegal substances would surely skyrocket in defiance of the stricter 
regulations. Coupled with the abnormally sweltering heat that swept 
through La Jolla last week, we expected it would be a rough week-
end. Luckily, no incidence of a heat-related injury occurred, thanks 
in part to the success of A.S. Concert and Events’s well-advertised 
SGF Water Program. 

A lot of credit should go to ASCE, which presented a praisewor-
thy campaign on student safety in the days leading up to the festival. 
The emphasis on hydration during Sun God 2014 and the promo-
tion of the water station was an excellent call, particularly with the 
weather conditions.

ASCE’s safety video, on the other hand, fell short. We doubt it held 
much influence over student behavior; most probably ignored it or muted 
it, more focused on finishing registration as quickly as possible. What stu-
dents did pay attention to were the administration’s scare tactics. The no-
tolerance stance on alcohol and illegal substances and the rigid, intimidat-
ing front seemed to have cowed the student body into behaving itself. It’s 
sad that such a hardline and severe stance was needed and warranted, but 
we have to admit that it seemed to have had an effect. According to the 
Sun God Task Force, the number of arrests decreased 27 percent from last 
year’s festival. Clearly, students took ASCE and the administration’s warn-
ings and threats to heart, and we commend them on their cooperation. 

Despite the increased numbers of personnel, though, the staff was 
not as effective as students had been promised. Security stationed 
along Ridge Walk and in restricted housing areas, such as Eleanor 
Roosevelt College, was quite heavy, but they did not examine wrist-
bands very closely nor did they cross-check student IDs. This made 
it relatively easy to hide signs of wristband tampering and to smuggle 

Two weeks in and A.S. Council is already making us smile.Last week’s appointments of 
Sierra Donaldson, Seraphin Raya and 
Tristan Britt to various Associate Vice 
President positions were more than 
just the right move on A.S. Council’s 
part. The nominations and confirma-
tions of the former Let’s Act! candi-
dates not only show a willingness to 
pursue diversity, but a tangible effort 
towards that means diversity is already 
underway. If their appointments in 
the past few weeks are any indication, 
we can look forward to a year of an 
A.S. Council whose diverse voices 
represent most (if not all) of ours.

Former New York Senator 
William L. Marcy once proclaimed, 
“to the victor belong the spoils” after 
President Andrew Jackson loaded 
his cabinet with political allies and 
supporters. This so-called spoils 
system has indeed been employed in 
A.S. Councils of old — as recently as 
last year. At the start of the 2013–14 
Council’s term, then-AVP Academic 
Affairs Sammy Chang was denied 
an opportunity to repeat his stel-
lar performance in that position by 
a Council whose landside Keep it 
REAL victory had defeated Chang’s 
One Voice Slate. The job ended up 
going to Chang’s protege, current 

A.S. President Robby Boparai, who 
seems to have allowed bygones to be 
bygones.

This year, virtually all of the 
candidates that our editorial board 
met with before the Week 2 election 
voiced support for the transportation 
referendum as the solution to the 
commuter crisis for UCSD students, 
and it seems as though the current 
A.S. Council is on the same page and 
ready to work together.

Donaldson, Raya and Britt were 
strong candidates for campus-
wide senators and VP Finance and 
Resources, respectively, and we wor-
ried that a Tritons Forward sweep of 
the top 14 positions would shut out 
competitive voices on principle.

AVP Environmental Justice Affairs 
Donaldson’s work with advocacy 
issues and a deep internal knowledge 
on how A.S. works will be useful to 
the newly-instituted executive — 
which has only two years of combined 
Council experience. Raya’s campaign 
earlier this quarter showed strong 
resolve to keep our student leaders 
accountable; his famed “A.S. Report 
Card” idea received praise from 
both slates. Raya, at the helm of A.S. 
Concerts and Events, is well suited 
to keep his own office transparent, 
which is a necessity in the face of 

an uncertain Sun God Festival. Britt 
brings a high level of fiscal knowledge 
to the fourth floor, which will come 
in handy for an office that required a 
$60,000 bailout to keep student orga-
nizations afloat.

Additionally, nominees from the 
boards of both College Democrats 
and Republicans will ensure a bal-
ance of ideologies as well as diversity 
in Council chambers. Perhaps most 
notable of all is the decision to keep 
presidential runner-up Kyle Heiskala 
in charge of ASUCSD MOVES for 
another year. This move is not only 
the fundamental opposite of Chang’s 
rejection in 2013, but it is also the 
best one Council could have made, 
as Heiskala’s knowledge and passion 
for resolving the transit problem sur-
passes those of any other student we 
are aware of.

The forward-thinking choice to 
keep multiple Let’s Act! folks on the 
fourth floor occurs at a time when 
campus politics seem to have entered 
an era where slate ideas and prac-
tices transcend years and elections. 
We applaud A.S. Council on their 
efforts to promote an inclusive stu-
dent government unmoved by slate 
politics and hope to see Council pur-
sue future initiatives with the same 
open-minded mentality. 

See SECURITY, page 5

Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Rachel Huang
MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
MANAGING EDITOR

Kelvin Noronha
OPINION EDITOR

Morgan Jong
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

Gabriella Fleischman
NEWS EDITOR

Yan Gao
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

 
Aleksandra Konstantinovic

MULTIMEDIA EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 

2014. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

Council Moves Forward with Diversity in Recent Appointments

Too often, our campus falls into money troubles and our student and administrative 
higher-ups will ask us to help foot 
the bill. In the case of Transportation 
and Parking Services, as with the 
Student Health Insurance Plan, 
students are  again being asked to 
pay more to help offset the school’s 
departmental fiscal mistakes.

In the current TPS/Shuttles/
buses/bikes crisis, a simple econom-
ics error may end up costing com-
muters dearly if the current referen-
dum to raise fees by $50 per quarter 
fails. TPS has been paying for your 
seemingly “free” bus zone sticker 
with funds generated from parking 
tickets and permits. Unfortunately, 
there is no such thing as a free ride 
— again, TPS has been paying for 
buses with money earned in other 
operations. Not smart, it turns out, 
as TPS’ debt has spiked a decent way 
into the seven digits.

UCSD Confessions and Snaps 
vilify parking enforcement officers 
for giving out costly tickets for viola-
tions. But hey, those tickets pay for 
your roommate’s trip to CVS on the 
201. If the referendum fails, though, 
the cost of a bus sticker will spike 
from “free” to $72 a month, putting 
commuters in a tight spot while TPS 
further tightens its grip on parking.

Sure, we didn’t start this fire. Why 
should we have to pay for this?

Unfortunately, we have to go 
the distance here to ensure that our 
campus remains a bustling center for 
innovation, student life and diversity. 
We need this to pass.

In recent years, some previous fee 
increases would have actually made 
tangible change to campus, but fell 
flat at the ballot box.

It should have been a no-brainer 
that students would endorse an 
$11-a-quarter fee increase to pay for 
the maintenance of Price Center, the 
Old Student Center, Che Cafe and to 
reopen the Crafts Center. The 2013 
referendum’s passage could have 
meant a Price Center that was open 
24 hours a day as a perfect study 
space. The price seemed fair (down 
from an originally proposed $19) 
and eleven bucks per quarter comes 
out to only one dollar per week. 

But the referendum failed. Badly.
Why didn’t students want to help 

keep the main campus center in 
working order — let alone the UCSD 
Guardian’s office building, whose 
restrooms are often closed — for just 
a dollar a week? The choice seemed 
clear, but we rejected it anyway. Now 
Che is on the verge of shutting down 
and University Center’s Advisory 
Board is working to bring Starbucks 
to campus to help pay the bills.

My disdain for Caramel 
Macchiatos aside, the Starbucks 
move may be a necessity to help 
quench a growing UCAB thirst for 
extra cash — one that may have been 
avoided with the $600k we could 
have raised through the fee increase.

Voting is open until tomorrow at 
4 p.m. Let’s make sure that we can 
keep the buses flowing and the stu-
dent body going. I urge our readers 
to consider the plight of their fellow 
students and vote yes on the trans-
portation referendum.

BY  zev  h u rwitz 
Editor in chIEF

readers can contact
zev  hurwitz     zhurtwitz@ucsd.edu 

OP-ED



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

non-UCSD students into the festival 
or nonresidents into the Village and 
International House. Granted, close 
examinations would have caused 
enormous congestion and a fair 
bit of annoyance to all of us, so it’s 
understandable and somewhat wel-
comed that they could only afford 
cursory glances as students hurried 
by. Still, this calls into question how 
necessary the increased security 
force really was, especially since the 
no-guest policy dramatically reduced 
the number of attendees. 

Our largest critique is the 
extensiveness of the security and 

campus lockdown for the festival. 
We can grudgingly understand the 
reasoning behind blocking off sec-
tions notorious for hard partying, 
like the Village and I-House; in an 
effort to tamp down on that, we 
see why administration decided 
to restrict entry to those areas. 
However, the sequestering of the 
Village and I-House was fully pub-
licized, whereas that of ERC was 
not. Above all, we value transpar-
ency in our administration, and 
the fact they did not openly reveal 
that ERC would also be blocked 
off shows a lack of trust in the 
students. In hindsight, given the 
restraint students showed during 

the festival, we feel that this distrust 
is misplaced.

Overall, administration and its 
overly enthusiastic security upgrades 
handled the festival as well as we 
thought they would, and although 
there were oversights and excessive 
measures taken, the positive outcomes 
exceeded our expectations. But we 
also credit the student body with 
showing self-restraint and keeping the 
festivities at a manageable level. With 
the 2014 Sun God Planning Team 
already sending out emails with the 
subject line, “Help us plan for Sun 
God next year,” we take it that with 
continued student cooperation, UCSD 
will see a Sun God Festival 2015.

110 MEDICAL SCHOOLS
30 PHARMACY SCHOOLS
30 DENTISTRY SCHOOLS
25 NURSING SCHOOLS

25 PUBLIC HEALTH SCHOOLS

15 VETERINARY SCHOOLS
25 GRADUATE SCHOOLS

15 PA SCHOOLS
10 PHYSICAL THERAPY PROG.

10 OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY PROG.

CONFERENCE WILL INCLUDE:  

Registration, Transportation, & Housing Packages from UCSD Available For Under $100

Join us at the largest Pre-Medical & Pre-Health Conference in the Nation!

UCDPREHEALTH.ORG

WHY SHOULD I ATTEND?
Meet over 1200 Admissions and Health Professionals
Over 300 Workshops

Excellent Networking Opportunity
Deans of Admission Panels and Q&A

FUNGLY By Kyle Trujillo

Increased Personnel Did Not Significantly Improve Security 
▶ SECURITY, from page 4

Dear Editor,
The editorial concerning the Che 

Cafe that you published on Thursday, 
May 15, titled “In the Red,” presented 
an opinion based on faulty informa-
tion. Documents with the correct 
information are available on the 
University Centers website.

The editorial stated that renova-
tions would require “nearly a million 
dollars of student fee money.” While 
the original International Special 
Events Society report estimated 
$722,471 as the total cost of necessary 
renovations, the most recent report 
lists the cost as $491,000 to keep the 
Che operational for one year. This 
discrepancy was not explained by the 
University Centers Advisory Board.

The editorial also stated that “the 
cafe was under threat of closure from 
the fire marshal if necessary upgrades, 
such as fire alarms and sprinklers, 
were not made.” In fact, the fire mar-
shal’s report listed these upgrades 
as “strongly recommended” but not 
mandatory. The building is not under 
threat of closure from the fire marshal.

The UCSD Guardian has one of 
the loudest voices on campus and a 
responsibility to provide factually cor-
rect information to the public. This 
responsibility extends to the editorial 
section, where you have published 
misinformation as though it was fact. 
We request that you publish a retrac-
tion correcting these errors in order to 
avoid misinforming the public.

Statements like “the cafe’s inability 
to even pay reasonable rent … makes 
us question the competence of the 
venue’s management” make it clear 
that this editorial misunderstands 
the basic purpose of the Che. It does 
not exist to make money; it exists to 
provide a space and services that are 
otherwise unavailable on campus. 
The Che is a safe space (meaning that 

people are accepted regardless of race, 
religion, sexuality and gender) and a 
sober space. The Che provides a space 
for people of diverse backgrounds, 
ideologies and lifestyles to gather and 
be accepted. Meanwhile, student-
funded spaces like Game Room and 
The Loft, which operate at a loss, do 
not provide these spaces or services.

The survey cited in the editorial 
found that 17 percent of students had 
been to the Che Cafe. If accurate, 
that’s more than 3,000 people who 
have enjoyed the Che’s services. An 
online petition in support of the Che 
has more than 10,000 signatures, the 
majority of which are students’. There 
are few institutions on campus that are 
used by even half of the student popu-
lation. We all pay fees toward things 
that we don’t use ourselves because 
paying into this public fund fosters 
a more active and inclusive campus. 
Furthermore, those 17 percent of stu-
dents go there to be part of a commu-
nity, unlike the 60-plus percent who 
go to the Price Center to eat.

The cost to renovate the Che is 
certainly no more than $720,000, 
which is a drop in the bucket of 
University Center’s $10 million annual 
budget. The cost being considered 
is maintenance that, according to 
the Master Space Agreement for the 
co-ops, the University is contractu-
ally obligated to perform! University 
Centers has deferred this maintenance 
for at least a decade. They allowed 
these costs to build up before deciding 
that the total amount was not worth 
paying. This fiscal irresponsibility is 
not the fault of the Che.

 In consideration of the facts, the 
Che is worth the cost. We urge stu-
dents to support diversity and support 
the Che by signing our online petition 
and attending UCAB’s meetings.

– Josh Kenchel
Senior, Revelle College

– Davide Carpano
Senior, Thurgood Marshall College

LETTER  TO  THE  EDITOR

Editorial Overlooks the 
Che Cafe’s True Value



Buffalo Exchange is a recycling superstore for 
trendy, affordable and lightly used clothing. To 
promote sustainability within the fashion world, 
Buffalo Exchange allows patrons to sell or trade 

their clothes for cash or more clothing. The Hillcrest location is a great spot for men’s and 
women’s one-of-a-kind vintage pieces at a bargain price. Buffalo Exchange also sells shoes, 
accessories and even vintage luggage sets. To celebrate its 40 successful years as a consignment 
business, Buffalo Exchange is going on tour with a vintage Airstream trailer, showcasing 
hand-picked vintage western-wear reminiscent of the American West. Its tour stopped at 
the Hillcrest location on Saturday, May 17 and had an assortment of giveaways, free food 
and drinks and most importantly, vintage clothing. Stylish cowboy boots, Native American 
jewelry and prairie dresses were all neatly tucked away in the compact but wonderfully 
decorated trailer parked outside the store. The trailer was filled with various western imagery 
like bull horns, desert flowers and old black-and-white photos of the Southwest, including 
Buffalo Exchange founder Kerstin Block at the company’s first location in Tucson, Arizona. 
Musicians played acoustic guitar outside the trailer, asking patrons and passersby to join in 
singing and dancing.

A&E EDITOR // JACQUELINE KIM 
ENTERTAINMENT@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG
LIFESTYLE EDITOR // VINCENT PHAM
LIFESTYLE@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ARTS | FOOD & DRINK | MOVIES & TV | MUSIC | THINGS TO DO

WEEKEND
I'd Rather BE

THRIFTING

BUFFALO  EXCHANGE LA LOUPE  VINTAGE

3862 5th Ave, San Diego, CA 92103
Mon. to Sat.: 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Sun.: 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. 

La Loupe Vintage is a hole-in-the-wall treasure 
trove in the heart of University Heights. 
Nestled between bars and restaurants, La Loupe 
would go almost unnoticed were it not for the 

sale rack stuffed with goods that casually resides on the sidewalk. Inside, the store 
is reminiscent of a large and neatly stuffed closet. In such small square-footage, it’s 
remarkable how much clothing, shoes and jewelry fits within its walls. While the store 
is mostly women’s wear, there is a corner of men’s clothing and accessories. La Loupe 
specializes in vintage footwear, and there is a large selection of men’s cowboy boots 
and women’s high heels stuffed in nooks and crannies all over the store. The prices are 
affordable given the good condition and fashionable style of the clothing. Ladies: This 
is the place to go if you’re looking for stylish and chunky jewelry. La Loupe supplies a 
ton of vintage collectible and designer jewelry, and most of it is under $20. For vinyl 
aficionados, there is a small but well-selected record section of the store that sells 
mostly doo-wop, soul and psychedelic rock records from the 50s to 70s.

4646 Park Blvd. San Diego, CA 92116
Mon: Closed
Tues. to Sun.: 1 p.m. to 8 p.m. 

Frock You’s appeal does not just stem from its 
cleverly worded name but also from the carefully 
picked selection of vintage clothing and accessories 
that fill its walls. While Frock You lacks the thrifty 

aspect of some vintage clothiers, it makes up for it in the quality and selection of goods 
displayed. This vintage gem will not leave you exhausted from flipping through rack after rack 
because every dress, pair of shoes, necklace or bowtie has been selected to make you want it. 
The owners at Frock You have deliberately chosen the cream of the vintage crop to sell in their 
store. Because of this, most pieces are priced above an average college student’s budget. That 
being said, there is an option for those who want more bang for their buck; the store holds a 
seasonal “Huge Frocking Sale” every couple of months, and vintage vendors from all across 
San Diego set up booths full of vintage clothes and accessories for men, women and children 
at marked down prices of up to 75 percent off. Frock You’s owners send out newsletters in 
advance notifying customers of their seasonal sales and when extending hours early in the 
morning and late into the evening.

FROCK  YOU URBAN  RENEWAL

4121 Park Blvd, San Diego, CA 92103
Mon. to Tues.: Closed
Wed. to Sun.: 12 p.m. to 6 p.m. 

Urban Renewal is a newly established vintage 
and retro supplier in San Diego and is more 
of an odds and ends store than specifically a 
clothing or furniture store. Everything sold is 

definitely retro or has been restored in a way that gives it a kitschy 1960s vibe. Looking 
for mustard yellow and neon green floral print chairs? They’ve got it. A wall mirror 
collaged with pictures of Frida Kahlo? They’ve got that, too. And the best part is, much 
of the furniture, art and knickknacks are priced far below their knockoff counterparts 
sold at Urban Outfitters. Your trip to Urban Renewal will require some sifting and 
patience, but you will almost always find something cool to send a friend, like a vintage 
postcard ($1) or an accessory for your next trip to the beach, such as a flowery blue 
and pink suitcase from the 1970s ($16). Urban Renewal is the place to go if you’re 
looking for a one-of-a-kind gift or the perfect accessory for your dorm or home.

3773 30th St. San Diego, CA 92104
Mon. to Sat.: 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
Sun.: 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. 

    AVI SALEM STAFF WRITER
When you’re in the mood to shop, but your bank account says otherwise, the best alternative is a trip to chic second-hand clothing 

and accessory boutiques. Join the Guardian on a journey to some of the best thrift shops San Diego has to offer.

PHOTO BY BAXTER B. /YELP.COM PHOTO BY ADRIA D. /YELP.COM

PHOTO BY KAYLA D. /YELP.COMPHOTO BY JENNY V. /YELP.COM



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

TACO SHOP

www.eataburrito.com

858-456-0462

FREE

BURRITO

Buy any Burrito 

and Two Sodas, 

Get a Burrito Free

No Cash Value • Free Burrito must be 

of equal or lesser value • Must have 

coupon • Cannot combine coupons at 

the register • Expires 6/15/2014

 

TMC 198: TMC/CREATE PARTNERSHIP SCHOOLS PROGRAM 

ERC 89: ERC/CREATE MATH TUTOR CORPS    

EDS 198: COLLEGE ACADEMIC MENTORING PROGRAM (CAMP) 

 

Give Back, Earn Credit 
SECONDARY SCHOOL MENTORING + TUTORING PROGRAMS Open to ALL UCSD students | Transportation will be available To learn more about each program, visit:  http://create.ucsd.edu/opportunities 

Promote college access by serving as a mentor to local high school students. Gain tools and training 
through a weekly seminar.  

Contact: Indira Esparza at inesparz@ucsd.edu 

Support academic achievement by providing math tutoring to students at Lincoln High School. Gain 
training by veteran math educators through a bi-weekly seminar.  

Contact: Jacqueline Guan at j1guan@ucsd.edu 

Serve as tutors, mentors, and positive role models to first-generation college-bound youth at UCSD  
partnership charter schools: The Preuss School and Gompers Preparatory Academy.  

Contact: Brianna Nelson bnelson@ucsd.edu  

VOTE RESPONSIBLY!

THURSDAY,
MAY 22, 6-8PMVOTING

HOUR

HAPPY
AT THE LOFTAT THE LOFT

VOTING
HOUR

HAPPY
O F F I C I A L  P O L L I N G  L O C A T I O N

VOTE MAY 19-23 ON TRITONLINKUCSD STUDENT TRANSPORTATION FEE REFERENDUM

F O R  MO R E I N F O R M A TI O N
V I S IT  AS .U C S D .E D U / E L EC TI O N S

The story of “Godzilla” begins as Joe Brody (Bryan Cranston) investigates a 
nuclear power plant meltdown in 
Japan. Things go haywire when a 
giant insect, called Muto, awakens 
from the ground. The emergence 
of Muto calls Godzilla, who had 
been awakened decades ago by 
the radiation from a nuclear 

submarine, into action. Joe’s son 
Ford (Aaron Taylor-Johnson), an 
American Navy explosives expert, 
is recruited for a military mission 
to end the threats of Muto and 
Godzilla. Both monsters need to 
find and consume radiation, usually 
in the form of nuclear weapons, in 
order to live and cause mayhem. 
The most destructive creatures 

need humanity’s most destructive 
weapons. Like the original films, 
“Godzilla” treats the idea of nuclear 
energy and weapons with an 
appropriate amount of fear.

“Godzilla” doesn’t throw away 
plausibility and is smart in not 
relying on monster battles and 
suspension of disbelief. The air of 
realism that permeates the film, 
through discussions of natural 
history, the nuclear program and 
seismology, makes the experience 
more bone-chilling. Godzilla is 
not just a monster whose goal is to 
destroy buildings (although there 
is a lot of destruction); he is an 
animal, a so-called “alpha-predator” 
trying to survive. The filmmakers 
convincingly portray Godzilla as 
a force of nature brought about by 
humanity’s own scientific arrogance.

Equally impressive is the film’s 
use of sound. The volume isn’t 
blaring from start to finish, which 
makes Godzilla’s screams seem that 
much more jarring. The sounds of 
the quaking ground and crunching 
metal will send shivers down your 
spine. Alexandre Desplat’s grisly 
musical score further elevates the 
film and charges each scene with a 
unique energy. For a monster movie, 
“Godzilla” hits all the right notes. 

Each action scene is well-
choreographed and impressive in its 
own way. Unlike the messy scenes of 
films like “Transformers,” which are 
difficult to watch, Edwards keeps the 
camera steady and uses wide takes 
that allow the audience to focus on 
the image and take in the action. 
And because the plot comprises 
of more than one monster, the 

action scenes are more varied and 
less redundant than that of many 
mindless summer action movies.

Director Edwards shows how 
powerless humans were against 
this force of nature with his 
incredible sense of scale. Central to 
“Godzilla” is the idea of enormity, 
and Edwards frames the objects in 
a way that conveys their sweeping 
proportions, such as extremely 
wide cityscapes or showing 
Godzilla from a low, human angle. 
Ultimately, while respecting the 
theme of the classics, Edwards 
updated the beloved monster 
movie into the 21st century with a 
phenomenal visual spectacle and an 
authentic, realistic narrative. 

—      Naftali   BUrakovsky
Staff Writer

MOVIE    REVIEW

Director  Gareth Edwards
Release Date  May 16
Starring  Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Bryan Cranston, Ken Watanabe, 
Elizabeth Olsen, Juliette Binoche

GODZILLA
In this visually updated and more gritty 
remake, Godzilla remains king of monsters.

Godzilla overlooks the Golden Gate Bridge, preparing to destroy the city. Photo courtesy of ACESHOWBIZ. 



8     T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  WEEKEND

Before you even get a foot through the 
door, a pair of grumpy-looking bouncers 
might ask for identification. A group of us 
were carrying to-go containers of Dirty 
Bird wings, and once the bouncers saw 
them, they told us, “You can’t bring those 
in.” Already we felt a sense of uneasiness 

with the atmosphere at Bub’s, but then we heard Idina Menzel’s “Let it Go” playing from 
Bub’s speakers and tried our best to, indeed, let it go. Bub’s Dive Bar is a huge, orange-
tinted bar with peanut shells littering the floor. Wednesday is Bub’s specials night, 
which might explain why it was so packed and why patrons couldn’t bring boxes in. On 
Wednesdays at Bub’s, guests can pay $0.50 per wing and order in five-wing increments, 
but the huge caveat is that you can’t take any wings home (hence, no boxes allowed in), 
and everyone in your party must order a drink from the bar. This means that there is 
no way to have a designated driver because everyone is forced to buy a drink without 
passing one off to a friend. Rude staff members who were unwilling to explain our 
options left us further unimpressed and irritated. Our group opted not to take advantage 
of the special and ordered the Garbage wings instead because it best described our 
opinion of this dive. Garbage wings are a whopping $12, but they pack a punch. Toss 
super huge and juicy wings in buffalo, barbecue, honey mustard and teriyaki sauce with 
some bleu cheese, almonds, sesame seeds and onion and you have Garbage wings. Sweet, 
and just a bit smoky, these wings were bursting with flavor. If you like sweet and tangy 
flavors, these wings will do the trick, but if not, they will leave you confused as to why 
anyone would ever mix bleu cheese and sesame seeds in one dish.

Walk into Dirty Birds, and you’ll see 
Americana memorabilia plastered on the walls in 
between glowing beer signs and television screens 
broadcasting live basketball games and country 
music videos. Visit on a Wednesday night, and 
finding table seating should be no problem. Dirty 
Birds is small and loud, perfect for establishing an 
atmosphere of intimacy within a group because 
the only way to hear each other is to lean inward 

toward each other. After one Shania Twain music video, our group was ready to order a set 
of 10-piece wings with half classic Buffalo and half Dirty Bleu and a five-piece set of General 
Birds. You can get five wings for $7, 10 wings for $12 or 20 wings for $22. Go with a group 
for the best value because every five wings can be designated a different flavor, so ordering 
the 20-piece set and splitting the cost leaves you full of wings and relatively full of money. On 
Mondays at Dirty Birds, you can enjoy all-you-can-eat wings for the flat price of $13.99, and on 
Tuesdays, wings are half off. With a huge selection of unique flavors to choose from — ranked 
by spiciness, from totally “kick-free” to “fire-extinguisher-hot” — Dirty Birds lives up to its 
reputation as the wing stronghold of Pacific Beach. The classic Buffalo-flavored wings tasted 
like someone took concentrated Buffalo sauce extract and blasted it into the wings. If Buffalo 
sauce is your favorite flavor, these wings are your salvation. The Dirty Bleu wings are much 
more subtle, which is nice because the bleu cheese flavor is not overpowering at all. The real 
showstoppers are the General Bird wings, which are plump, juicy wings glazed in General Tso 
sauce. The perfect marriage of tang and spice, General Bird wings are a flavor fiesta for your 
palate. They say all good things come to an end; unfortunately, this party ended when we licked 
our baskets clean of any trace of General Birds.

WINNER

WAR OF THE WINGS
BY DIANA KRAIKITTIKUN STAFF WRITER

SHOWDOWN
The Guardian visits two wing bars, samples their best offerings and decides which will win a 

culinary duel for the last man standing. This week’s wing bars:

Dirty Birds
4656 Mission Blvd., San Diego, CA 
92109
Mon. to Wed.: 11 a.m. to 12 a.m.
Thu. to Sat.: 11 a.m. to 2 a.m.
Sun.: 11 a.m. to 12 a.m.

Bub’s Dive Bar
1030 Garnet Ave., San Diego, CA 92109
Mon. to Fri.: 11 a.m. to 2 a.m.
Sat. to Sun.: 9 a.m. 2 a.m.

DIRTY BIRDS
Dirty Birds’ welcoming staff and flavorful wings make it the perfect package for a group of friends looking for options and 
originality. The Garbage wings at Bub’s were delicious but couldn’t compensate for the unwelcoming atmosphere. There 
is definitely a reason you’ve probably heard of Dirty Birds and not Bub’s Dive Bar; this time around, believe the hype 
surrounding Dirty Birds, skip Bub’s and let the music video styling of Shania Twain and Keith Urban lull you into a wing-
induced stupor at Dirty Birds.

Films constantly distort our 
perception of time. An entire life span 
develops in 90 minutes; a single cut 
is enough to transform an instant 
into decades. Indeed, the collapse of 
time is what gives fiction its liberating 
power. Time moves freely through the 
screen without rules or restrictions. 
By the time the film rolls, a minute 
no longer implies 60 seconds — and 
no longer implies anything. “Locke” 

does not play this game; rather, it does 
the opposite. It makes every second 
painful, heavy and real. Time is felt 
throughout the film as an oppressive 
force. We are overwhelmed by its 
veracity, by the familiarity of it all. 
“Locke” smothers us in real time.

The night before the biggest project 
of his professional career, construction 
manager Ivan Locke (Tom Hardy) 
receives a phone call. He listens for 

a few seconds and learns that he is 
hours away from becoming a father. 
The child is the product of two bottles 
of wine at a lonely hotel — Ivan’s only 
impulsive moment in an otherwise 
carefully constructed life. What 
seemed like an impossible decision 
now appears clearer than ever: The 
universe may crumble, but he has to 
get to the hospital to take care of the 
woman carrying his child. The phone 
call ends just before the start of the 
film. By the time “Locke” begins, the 
call has been made and the decision 
reached. The climax precedes the film; 
the rest is only its consequence. 

We watch the drama unfold in 
a series of phone calls. Ivan drives 
to London as he battles on the 
phone with his emotional wife and 
legitimate children, his frantic co-
workers and the pregnant woman 
waiting at the hospital — the woman 

he hardly knows. Director Steven 
Knight (“Redemption”) forces us to 
stay inside the car the entire movie. 
There is no sight other than Ivan’s eyes 
and England’s streets. No chances 
for escape, no place to turn away. 
The spatial imprisonment is only 
enhanced by the exasperating nature 
of time. Knight does not accelerate 
a thing: Street after street, call after 
call, second after second, he lets the 
world fall down patiently into Ivan’s 
shoulders. Tom Hardy’s performance 
is more than just convincing — it is an 
inspiring force. We see a man fighting 
to do the right thing, a man whose 
future appears as dark as London’s 
highway, but he nevertheless has the 
courage to keep driving. Hardy’s dire 
expression, as seen from the rearview 
mirror, tells the true story of the film.

The screenplay is brutally honest. 
We hear an array of voices on Ivan’s 

phone, each different and unique 
but all painfully truthful. We sense 
the fear in their breathing; we can 
hear their broken expectations 
vibrating in the car’s speakers. Haris 
Zambarloukos’ (“Thor”) minimalist 
cinematography enables us to digest 
the energy of the voices. The takes 
are long and continuous, but the 
sudden changes in perspective 
structurally mimic the dialogue’s 
rhythm. “Locke” portrays a fleeting 
moment in a person’s life. If it’s the 
moment that defines him, we’ll never 
know. The film starts and ends in 
medias res; it has no beginning nor 
offers any resolution. It is, as Knight 
noted in an interview with Collider, 
just “an ordinary tragedy.” 

Perhaps that’s why it hits so hard.   

   —      mario  attie
contributing writer

MOVIE    REVIEW

Director Steven Knight
Release Date May 9
Starring Tom Hardy, Olivia Colman, Ruth Wilson

LOCKE
Knight’s real-time drama is as suffocating 
and truthful as the character it portrays.

Ivan Locke (Hardy) drives to London after receiving a surprising phone call that turns his life upside down. Photo used with permission from A24.

PHOTO BY SIDDARTH ATRE /GUARDIAN PHOTO COURTESY OF ELLISCONTRACTING.COM



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 

Do you suffer from:
runny/stuffy nose, watery/itchy eyes,

congestion, sneezing, sinus pressure?

Do you get hay fever?

Do you experience allergies that are induced by a change in the 
season? We are looking for allergic individuals to donate blood to 
help us study how seasonal pollens such as weeds, grasses, or trees 
induce allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how your immune system may cause allergies.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, you will 
be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to what is provided at 

a blood bank) and compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

(Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get HAY FEVER?

Do you suffer from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 
blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You 

will be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 
 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information.

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE
BLOOD DONOR ALLERGY

RESEARCH STUDY: 
Do you enjoy the smell

of fresh-cut grass?
Is a picnic under a newly

blossoming tree enjoyable?
We are looking for people that do not suffer from allergies to 
donate blood to help us study how seasonal pollens cause 
allergies. The focus of our research is to better understand 

how the immune system causes allergies and why 
non-allergic people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, and 18-65 years of age, 
you will be asked to provide a blood donation (similar to 

what is donated at a blood bank) and compensated $100 for 
your time and trouble. 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 752-6979 or 
email (study@lji.org), and mention the 

Sette-Allergy study to find out more information. 

BY DIANA KRAIKITTIKUN STAFF WRITER S
oaked in the diverse culture 
of North Park, which was 
named by Forbes magazine 

as “one of America’s best hipster 
neighborhoods,” Subterranean 
Coffee & Boutique will surprise 
you with its many edible offerings 
and boutique goods. The crimson 
red walls, stained glass pendant 
lights and jubilant hipster music set 
the tone for this intriguing coffee 
destination. With a quiet ambience 
and free access to Wi-Fi, the tables 
are filled with customers plugged 
into their laptops. Despite the more 
laid-back and studious atmosphere, 
don’t be surprised to find a small 
group of friends having a chat at a 
neighboring table. But don’t worry 
— customers are respectful to their 
surrounding neighbors.

Subterranean Coffee Boutique 
specializes in steamed scrambled egg 
dishes that includes no oils or milk. 
All breakfast sandwiches are stuffed 
with a hearty portion of eggs and 
are served before 3 p.m. Le Breakfast 
Sandwiche ($5) has scrambled eggs 
with tomato slices, mozzarella cheese 
and bacon on your choice of a bagel 
or an English muffin. For an extra 
$0.75, you can replace the standard 
bagel or English muffin with a flaky 
and warm croissant. Subterranean’s 
Breakfast Taco ($5) and Breakfast 
Burrito ($6.50) are also served with 
eggs in them. However, if you do not 
fancy these egg dishes, other sand-
wiches will meet your expectations 
with tuna, BBQ chicken, pepperoni 
or turkey. 

For drinks, don’t hesitate to try 
something innovative here. Some 
interesting choices include Bea’s 
Drink ($3.50), which is espresso, 
steamed milk with honey; and 
Reese’s Mocha, which is a mocha 
with peanut butter. In addition to 

the long list of tea options ($2.50 
each) including green, black, herbal 
and white teas, you will also find 
traditional Chinese teas such as 
Pu-erh and Oolong. The tea drinks 
are sugar-free by default; for those 
of you with a sweet tooth, ask 
for it sweetened. Among various 
smoothie choices, the Greek Yogurt 
Smoothie ($5) is highly recom-
mended. Its sweetness is just right 
with the help of honey, and the 
fresh strawberries, bananas and 

orange juice add lightness to the 
Vanilla Chobani Yogurt. 

While enjoying the food and 
drinks, feel free to browse the cafe’s 
selection of old books, accessories 
displayed in cupboards and small 
paintings decorating the walls. The 
cafe’s cool and diverse vibe offers 
a novel adventure that is sure to 
inspire the hipster in you.

HOURS:
Mon. to Wed.: 6 a.m. to 9 p.m.
Thurs. to Fri.: 6 a.m. to 10 p.m.

Sat..: 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Sun.: 7 a.m. to 9 p.m.

LOCATION:
3764 30th St. 
San Diego, CA 92104

SUBTERRANEAN COFFEE 
& BOUTIQUE

YULIN LIU
CONTRIBUTING 

WRITER

   WITH

$

readers can contact
YU LI N  LI U    yul110@ucsd.edu 

ILLUSTRATION BY AMBER SHROYER 

Once upon a time, the Black Keys was the best-kept garage rock secret in 
America. The Ohio duo, consisting 
of singer-guitarist Dan Auerbach and 
drummer Patrick Carney, came to 
prominence with 2010’s “Brothers” 
and its follow-up “El Camino” released 
in 2011. With catchy hooks and a 
sound drawn from American roots 
music — rhythm and blues, soul and a 
healthy dose of good ol’ rock ‘n’ roll — 
they have gone from recording demos 
in Carney’s garage to selling out in 
stadiums nationwide. As the Black 
Keys continue to refine its sound, 
TIME observes that the two have 
become “so good at what they do that 
they [are] no longer anyone’s secret.”

The Black Keys’ latest release, 
“Turn Blue,” encapsulates its 
signature sound but with a shift 

in mood that is darker than its 
previous releases. There’s an air of 
melancholy created by the sweeping 
minor chords and Auerbach’s reverb-
heavy vocals, paired with Carney’s 
steady, yet gentle drumming. The 
tempo has slowed down from their 
“Lonely Boy” days, as indicated by 
the nearly seven-minute long opener, 
“Weight of Love.”  Led Zeppelin-
esque melodies pulsate along with 
Auerbach’s echoing voice as he warns 
the listener, “Don’t give yourself away 
to the weight of love.”

The album was produced by 
Brian “Danger Mouse” Burton, the 
eclectic producer who has worked 
with everyone from Gorillaz to CeeLo 
Green (the latter resulting in the 
critically-acclaimed Gnarls Barkley 
project). At times, the album evokes 
another Danger Mouse project: 

Electric Guest’s “Mondo” album. 
Burton has a tendency to gravitate 
toward certain embellishments — 
subtle strings, hazy keyboards and 
vocals that oscillate between lower 
ranges and falsetto, all of which are 
found on title track, “Turn Blue.”The 
tempo quickens on tracks like “Fever,” 
the lead single, and “Bullet in the 
Brain.” The Farfisa organ on “Fever” is 
funky; paired with an infectious beat, 
it evokes The Zombies, circa 1964. 
With wailing guitar solos and heavy 
reverb, “Bullet in the Brain” gives the 
album a touch of psychedelia, calling 
to mind the nouveau-psychedelic acts 
MGMT and Tame Impala.

Overall, “Turn Blue” provides a 
full-album experience; the songs are 
cohesive, creating a mood that lasts 
throughout. It is slow and steady, 
measured and contemplative. Some 
critics have commented on the low 
energy of the album in comparison to 
“Brothers” and “El Camino.” However, 
the Keys’ minimalist approach must 
not be mistaken as it losing touch with 
its own sound. The blues-rock is still 
there, although refined and adapted 
for the constantly changing musical 
landscape of today.

—      Emily Bender
Editorial Assistant

"Turn  Blue" 
by  Black Keys
Release Date MAY 12

Eighth album from blues-rock duo exhibits 
psychedelic influences paired with a more 
melancholy vibe.

ALBUM  REVIEW

Black Keys members, from left, Patrick Carney and Dan Auerbach. 
Photo used with permission from Danny Clinch. via Warner Bros Records.



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

Complete the grid so
each row, column and
3-by-3 box (in bold
borders) contains
every digit, 1 to 9. For
strategies on how to
solve Sudoku, visit
www.sudoku.org.uk

SOLUTION TO
SATURDAY’S PUZZLE

Level:
1 2
3 4

© 2009 The Mepham Group. Distributed by
Tribune Media Services. All rights reserved.

9/14/09

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds
Classifieds $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classiﬁeds

BOATS
‘89 650sx part out. 1989 KAWASAKI 650SX 
Salvage, mariner filter, driveshaft, 2 hood locks, 
1 neg, cable, 2 engine plates, 2 pads, rear bum-
per, rebuilt crank (hydrolocked), idler gear, 2 
stock manifolds etc. Asking for $1,000.00  Listing 
ID: 85477233 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Folding 18’ Tri. Beautiful Farrier folding trail-
erable Tri 18’ 9” Strip planked main hull, loaded 
with tons of extras, a must see! Listing ID: 
85306737 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

‘89 650sx hull. 1989 Kawasaki 650sx White, Used, 
Private Party Asking for $150.00 . Listing ID: 
85477229 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

BIKES
Motorized Bicycle - Motorized gas powered 
bicycle, heavy duty and assembled by a manu-
facturer, pedal start for easy use, no drivers 
license required, cruises at 35 mph, two stroke 
with about 50 mi range, rear rack and front bag 
for lots of storage, horn and lights, use with 
or without motor, can deliver, call for more 
information, 425 or best, Troy show contact info. 
Listing ID: 85751866 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

Awesome Trek Trike - SELLING AWESOME 
TREK TRIKE .TERRIFIC CONDITION,ALL 
ALUMINUM,THREE PIECE CRANCKS ,LIKE NEW.. 
Listing ID: 85751865 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

Masi Track roller (80’s) - Up for sale is a 56cm 
Masi track bike from the 80’s. You could say it’s 
kind of rare. It was repainted by a prior owner 
and it wasn’t a great job, so it would be a great 
candidate for restoration... or just finish it and 
ride it. The frame and fork are straight, though 
there are a few minor dings in the top tube- 
common on track bikes from the bars hitting. 
Brev Masi horizontal dropouts, recent Torelli 
headset, Selle Italia seat ( weathered) profile 
design bullhorns with brake levers, a generic 
front brake (the fork was made for a brake as 
was the rear bridge), 700c Surly wheels with 
flipflop hub and two cogs. New generic tires. All 
you need is a chain, crank, bb and pedals and 
you’re riding. Listing ID: 85751864 at ucsdguard-
ian.org/classifieds for more information

TEXTBOOKS
Grossmont/Cuyamaca textbooks -Other Voices, 
Other Vistas $4/ Nothing wrong with this one. 
-An Introduction to Chemistry for Biology 
Students $20. Never even touched this book. 
-College and Career Success $60. Bought the 
book for a class then found out I needed etext. 
Terrific condition no writing in it that I’ve seen. 
Listing ID: 84500709 at ucsdguardian.org/clas-
sifieds for more information

Cookbooks & Textbooks & Reference Books. We 
are moving overseas and selling lots of other 
stuff along with our books: COOKBOOKS $5.00 
each. Listing ID: 84433118 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

College Text Books - 1. The Singing Book (2nd 
Edition) (Terrific Condition , Never Used ) $80.00 
(Sold) 2. Reading and All That Jazz (4th Edition) 
(Like-new condition) $25.00 3. The Longman 
Writer (8th Edition) (Attractive Condition) $45.00 
4. The Exceptional Child (6th Edition) (Attractive 
Condition) $20.00 (Sold) 5. The Real World (2nd 
Edition) (Excellent condition) $80.00 6. Exploring 
Biological Anthropology (2nd Edition) (Excellent 
condition) $80.00 7. Your Health Today (Custom 
Edition For Southwestern College) (Excellent 
condition) $70.00. Listing ID: 84433117 at ucs-
dguardian.org/classifieds for more information

UCSD BLOOD 
DONOR ALLERGY 

STUDY: 
Subjects with either current 
allergy symptoms to inhaled 

allergens (cat, grass, dust 
mite), or healthy non-allergic 
volunteers, needed as blood 

donors for research study. 
Will be reimbursed $20 for 

blood donation.
Contact Dr. Broide, 

Department Medicine 
(619-335-8685).

t
your vision,
our mission.

The Associated Students Store
Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

A�ly now!
Email your resume & portfolio to
asgraphicstudio@ucsd.edu

posted. CHECK OUT YOUR PICS FROMfacebook.com/tritonoutfitters



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

University of California Undergraduate Experience Survey

SURVEY
2014

UNDERGRADUATES - TELL US ABOUT LIFE
AT UC SAN DIEGO AND WIN BIG PRIZES

It's easy.
It takes only 20-25 minutes!

Take the UC Undergraduate 
Experience Survey 2014. 
Make a di�erence, 
and get a chance to win great prizes.

ucues.ucsd.edu

UC Undergraduate Experience Survey
UCSD Student Research and Information Office

45 VISA gift cards 
valued at $50.00 each
2 Apple iPad Minis

Participate and win.

Tell us how you see it!             
Look for your official email,
or go directly to:

Boasting an assemblage of five 
distinguished athletes, the UCSD 
track and field team will travel to 
Allendale, Michigan for the NCAA 
Division II Outdoor Track and Field 
Championships this Thursday, May 
22 through Saturday, May 24. With 
a crew of young newcomers and sea-
soned veterans, the small collection of 
Tritons will look to make an impact 
in a national field of 754 participants. 

UCSD’s squad consists of four 
Triton men — sophomore Carlos 
Bojorquez, junior Anthony Capitulo, 
redshirt freshman Dan Golubovic and 
junior Nash Howe — along with a 
lone Triton female competitor, junior 
Sabrina Pimentel. 

While Pimentel is the only Triton 
woman to qualify, she is perhaps the 
most experienced. 

Pimentel earned All-American 
status (placing within the top eight 
at NCAAs) in only her freshman year 
and is a three-time qualifier for the 

national event. She will compete as 
the tenth seed in the 800-meter run, 
for which she is the 2014 California 
Collegiate Athletic Association cham-
pion. Pimentel earned ninth overall in 
last year’s NCAAs in the same event.

“You always know that Sabrina’s 
going to bring it 100 percent, and 
we’ve always seen that through her 
career,” UCSD head coach Tony 
Salerno said. “We think her chances 
are pretty good about advancing into 
the finals and being an All-American.” 

Pimentel will begin competition in 
the 800 preliminaries on Friday.

On the men’s side, Howe 
will be returning for his second 
straight nationals appearance, 
while Bojorquez, Capitulo and 
Golubovic will all make their NCAA 
Championships debuts. 

Golubovic is easily the youngest 
of the entire troupe, qualifying for the 
first time despite seeing his first col-
legiate action just earlier this season 
as a redshirt freshman. 

“It’s pretty exciting,” Golubovic 
said. “It’s my first season competing, 
and I’m stoked about it. I don’t think 

All-American is out of my league. “ 
What makes Golubovic’s quick 

entrance into nationals even more 
impressive is his participation in 
the decathlon contest, a multi-event 
affair typically rare for freshmen 
competition. 

“We say it’s an old man’s event 
because there are so many technical 
events to develop and the level of 
competition is so high,” Salerno said. 
“Division II nationals usually takes 
two years [for decathlon athletes] to 
get to their first one. For him to get in 
his freshman year bodes pretty well.” 

This year’s CCAA champion, 
Golubovic holds the 11th seed out 
of a field of 15 participants and will 
compete on Thursday. 

Distance runner Bojorquez is a 
junior transfer from Mesa College 
who will represent UCSD in the 1,500 
as the 18th seed. Bojorquez placed 
second in the event at the CCAAs 
and will also compete on the national 
meet’s first day on Thursday. 

Although Bojorquez does not 
have top seeding, he expressed 
confidence in his abilities and the 

potential finishing at the head of 
the pack. 

“I ran a 3 minutes, 49 seconds as 
a freshman, and people tend to forget 
that,” Bojorquez said. “That would 
have put me in the top five in the 
nation. [I] feel like if I run a personal 
best, I probably have a good chance of 
winning nationals and breaking the 
school record.” 

Rounding out the Triton squad are 
javelin throwers Howe and Capitulo. 
Howe, a junior All-American who 
finished seventh in the javelin in 
last year’s national championships, 
was the only automatic qualifier for 
UCSD. He took top honors at the 
CCAAs in the event and will earn the 
number one seed for NCAAs with his 
best throw of 229-3. However, in spite 
of earning the top spot, Howe has 
nothing guaranteed. 

“I don’t have all that in mind,” 
Nash said. “I’m just going to go out 
there, do my thing and have fun with 
it. I’ve already pretty much done 
everything to be where I need to be in 
my training.” 

Junior thrower Capitulo will join 

Howe after just barely sneaking into 
the 20-man qualifying lineup as the 
20th seed. Capitulo earned third place 
in the javelin at the CCAAs. 

“The javelin field is pretty com-
pressed,” Salerno said. “[Capitulo’s] 
the last seed at [a distance of] 201, but 
even with a mild PR at something like 
210’, he can be an All-American.”

After a strong 2014 campaign, 
UCSD will hope to lay it all out on the 
line on the national stage. While the 
Tritons are not necessarily the top-
ranked squad entering the nationals, 
they have every intention to separate 
themselves from the mass of fellow 
competitors. 

“The guys who are here this year 
— I’ve seen the work each one of 
them have put in, and I’m super proud 
to be here with them,” Howe said. 
“I know everybody has a win or die 
trying [mentality], and that’s what I 
love about this group we got here. We 
put in the work so we can reap the 
rewards.”

UCSD Heads to NCAAs in Michigan
TRACK & FIELD

Five Tritons will compete in Allendale in four separate events from May 22 to May 24.

BY    bran don  yu
sports editor

readers can contact
Brandon yu    bcyu@ucsd.edu 

Sabrina Pimentel
800-meter

Nash Howe
Javelin

Carlos Bojorquez
1500-meter

Anthony Capitulo
Javelin

Dan Golubovic
DecathlonPHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS 



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  M AY  2 2 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Brett Oosdyke
PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM 
SANTA MARGARITA HIGH SCHOOL

Kenny Fraser
PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION 
FROM TURLOCK HIGH SCHOOL

Written by Brandon Yu & Daniel Sung 
 Sports Editor and Associate Sports Editor 

Clowry is the most recent addition to the Tritons — a May 12 announcement 
declared him an assistant coach — and he has an impressive amount of experience. 
Clowry acted as the assistant coach to crosstown school University of San Diego 
for the 2013–14 season, but he appears to have been everywhere else beforehand. 
He played four years of collegiate basketball at Gardner-Webb University in North 
Carolina before playing professionally in Egypt and Australia. He coached extensively 
in all three countries and most recently led the University of San Diego to a National 
Christian Collegiate Athletic Association championship. 

Former UCSD basketball captain and assistant coach Clint Allard returns as associate 
head coach. As a four-year starter, Allard led the Tritons to a program-best 18–1 record, 
their first California Collegiate Athletics Association tournament championship and their 
first NCAA Division II West Regionals appearance in 2008. Allard spent another four sea-
sons with UCSD as an assistant coach. He also served as an assistant coach to No. 24 Cal 
Poly Pomona, helping the Broncos to a 28–3 record and on to their first CCAA regular sea-
son crown and tournament championship. Allard, who clearly knows his way around Triton 
basketball, will play a crucial role in individual player development, scouting and recruiting.

After coming just shy of clinching a postseason berth in March, the UCSD men’s basketball squad concluded this past season on a bitter note. Finishing with a 15–11 
record, the Tritons recorded the program’s most wins in five years during their 2013–14 campaign but still fell short of making a playoff run. In response to the season’s 
disappointing end, UCSD has already taken major strides in pushing next fall’s squad to newer heights, signing five new recruits and adding two new members to the 
coaching staff in only the past month. Take a look at the UCSD Guardian’s guide to the host of new talent that will don blue and gold in the upcoming season. 

Clint Allard  Associate Head Coach Brendan Clowry  Assistant Coach

Buaku is a 6-foot-2-inch, 170-pound point guard from 
El Toro High School in Lake Forest, California, with the 
potential to earn serious playing time in his freshman year. 
He earned the Most Valuable Player award in his team’s South 
Coast League in his senior year and averaged 12.4 points, 4.8 
assists, 4.5 rebounds and 1.7 steals per game. After leading 
El Toro to a 26–3 record in his final season, he was named 
to the California Interscholastic Federation Southern Section 
Division IA First-Team. As an all-around playmaker, Buaku 
stands to take over for graduating senior and point guard 
James McCann. 

George Buaku – PG

A 6-foot-5-inch, 195-pound swingman of Oaks Christian 
High School, Flannery is a capable scorer who can potentially 
provide the Tritons with consistent points off the bench. He 
was named the Tri-Valley League Player of the Year after 
leading his team to a strong 26–7 season with 14 points, 7 
rebounds and 4 assists in his senior year. Flannery also earned 
a spot on the Second Team All-Ventura County and scored 
a team-high of 19 points in the California Interscholastic 
Federation Division IVAA title game, where the Lions came 
up short to JSerra Catholic High School despite a strong 
offensive display from Flannery.

Jordan Flannery – F Fraser is a 6-foot-7-inch, 185-pound forward from Turlock High School who will bring much-needed inside presence 
and rebounding ability to the under-sized UCSD squad. 
Despite his height, Fraser will need to fill out his tall frame 
and become physically stronger to compete on the collegiate 
level. Fraser averaged 17.5 points, 9.5 rebounds and 1.8 blocks 
per game as a senior and was named First Team All-Central 
California Conference. As the UCSD team has consistently 
struggled in the past with the lack of a scoring big man, 
Fraser’s size and midrange jumper will play a huge role in 
changing up the Tritons’ game.

Kenny Fraser – F

The 6-foot-1-inch, 170-pound point guard comes from 
reigning California Division I state champion Monte Vista 
High School and will provide clutch experience on a large 
high school stage. Jackson averaged 10.1 points, four rebounds 
and three assists his senior year to lead the Mustangs to a 
nearly perfect 32–1, title-winning season and was named 
first-team all-league and Honorable Mention All-Metro. 
Though Jackson may not have size, his skills as a point guard, 
positions him to take on a significant guard role akin to that 
previously helmed by graduating seniors Matt Bailey and 
James McCann. 

Grant Jackson – PG
Hailing from Santa Margarita High School, a consistently 

high-profile high school contender, Oosdyke is a 6-foot-6-inch, 
200-pound shooting forward with an excellent spot-up game. 
In addition to hitting shots from the perimeter, Oosdyke also 
has a solid touch in the paint. Combined with his size and 
frame, Oosdyke provides the potential to double up as both a 
desperately needed center and forward. He averaged 10 points, 
six rebounds and three assists and led the Eagles to a 26–9 sea-
son in his senior year en route to a CIF Southern Section 3AA 
championship victory. 

 Brett Oosdyke – F

Clint Allard

Grant Jackson

George Buaku
PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION 
FROM EL TORO HIGH SCHOOL

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION 
FROM MONTE VISTA HIGH SCHOOL

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION 
FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

Building 
For the Best

Triton Basketball has had a productive 
offseason, already signing five recruits 
and two coaches in the hopes of 
building the CCAA’s most elite squad.

Track & Field
Track & Field
Track & Field

W. Crew 
M. Crew

   5/22
   5/23
   5/24
   5/30
   5/30

AT NCAA Championship
AT NCAA Championship
AT NCAA Championship
AT NCAA Championship
AT IRA National Championship

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


