
GAMING 
PHILANTHROPY

A UCSD student has joined 
with Microsoft to create 

Bystanders to Upstanders, a 
mobile app that uses 
gaming techniques to 

promote volunteer work.

CRIMINAL JUSTICE

SOFTBALL SWEEPS

PROPOSED  PRISON  ReFOrm  bills

UCSD   perfect vs. stanislaus

opinion,  Page   4

sports,  Page  12

MONDAY
H 65 L 54

TUESDAY
H 61 L 51

WEDNESDAY
H 58 L 48

THURSDAY
H 63 L 53

FORECAST

VERBATIM
Our office is 
new, we’re 
working on 
a third con-
secutive prof-
itable year, 
the staff is 
talented and the ‘No Parents’ 
graffiti on our golf cart has 
nearly washed off entirely.”

- Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR’S SOAPBOX

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Sneha Jayaprakash ........ 7
Crossword .................... 11
Sports ........................... 12

“

FeATURES,  PAGE  7

USED WITH PERMISSION FROM B2U

VOLUME 47, ISSUE 41 MONDAY, MARCH 31, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

New bike improvements around UCSD, consisting 
of “sharrows” and “loop detectors,” are underway and 
will be implemented on Gilman Drive between Villa 
La Jolla Drive and Osler Lane/Scholars Drive South. 
Construction began on March 17 and is expected to 
finish by the end of Week 1 of Spring Quarter 2014. 

Sharrows are green shared lane markers that are 
located on both sides of the street. They alert drivers 
to the presence of bikers and acknowledge that bikers, 
along with vehicles, have the right to utilize the lane. 
Loop detectors are sensors in the pavements on the 
right side of the street that allow bicyclists to trigger 
green lights and are currently being installed by the 
San Diego Association of Governments.

Various sources such as campus donations, the 
TransNet local sales tax and SANDAG funded these 
transportation projects.

ASUCSD President Andy Buselt said that the 
project developed in response to the UCSD Bike and 
Pedestrian Master Plan, which developed in the spring 
of 2012. A.S. Council designed the project to create 
mobility infrastructure for cyclists and pedestrians 
around the UCSD campus. However, the plan had 
room for improvement and led to the creation of 
the Undergraduate Bike Report. A committee of 
undergraduate students, whose goal is to offer advice 
and critiques to the current Master Plan in order 
to improve the bicycle infrastructure on campus, 
submitted the report. 

The undergraduate committee emphasized safety 
and sustainability in their plans when they drafted 
their report last summer. The committee also created 

The University of California 
system has updated its Sexual 
Harassment and Sexual Violence 
policy in response to the Violence 
Against Women Reauthorization 
Act passed by President Barack 
Obama in 2013. 

Under the VAWA, educational 
facilities are required to adhere 
to specific regulations, including 
reporting incidents of dating 
violence, domestic violence and 
stalking, notifying victims of their 
rights and training of faculty and 
staff in rape prevention measures

The new UC policy was put into 
effect on Feb. 25, requiring campuses 
to report alleged assault crimes that 
may involve discrimination based 
on gender expression or sexual 
orientation. 

In addition, victims need to be 
informed of the sanctions that could 
be applied to the accused, giving a 
more comprehensible definition of 
consent to sexual interaction under 
the new policy. Faculty, staff and 
students are also required to receive 
training for sexual harassment and 
rape prevention. 

UC President Janet Napolitano 
assured the UC community that the 
new sexual harassment policy will 
be enforced effectively by students 
and staff at all UC campuses.

“We have no tolerance for sexual 
violence or harassment of any kind,” 
Napolitano announced in a March 7 
UCnet article. “The university must, 
and will, hold itself to the highest 
standards, and I expect all of our 
locations to do everything possible 
to make everyone aware of these 
standards.”

A.S. Council Vice President of 
External Affairs Vanessa Garcia 
believes that updating the policy 
is insufficient and urged for an 
increase in security improvements 
to provide a safer environment for 
students on campus.

“As a student who has lived on 
campus, I can say that I have felt 
unsafe walking around campus late 
at night,” Garcia explained. “There 
are not enough lights in several parts 
of [our] campus and pathways are 
poorly illuminated. Administration 
and [the Student Academic Resource 
Center] need to be held accountable 
for the disgraceful lighting around 
campus.”

Several cases of sexual assault, 
including a Jan. 18 gang rape and 
two late February rape cases at UC 
Santa Barbara preceded the sexual 
harassment policy update.

In addition, federal complaints 
filed by over 31 students of UC 
Berkeley have compelled the U.S. 

TRANSPORTATION 

Gilman Gains New Bike Lanes

BY  MERYL  PRESS   Contributing Writer   photo   by  taylor  sanderson 

Employers statewide may be required to raise wage levels if the new bill is passed.

BY  Karen  To
    Senior Staff Writer

UC  SYSTEM

VAWA 
Sparks 
UC-Wide 
Changes
The UC system will 
update its sexual 
harassment policies to 
improve campus safety. 

See HARASSMENT, page 2

See BIKES, page 3

New green street markings painted on campus’ Gilman Drive indicate that automobile drivers and bicyclists may 
share the right lane. Above, a bicyclist and an MTS bus cross Myers on March 30.

Parking Display Makes Its Debut

BY  andrew  huang    senior staff Writer   photo   by  taylor  sanderson

TPS inaugurated new parking availability displays in Gilman Parking Structure and will consider implementing the 
technology in other campus structures in the future, Above, a board shows the number of open spots in the lot.

UCSD Transportation and Parking Services will soon 
finish evaluating the effectiveness of Gilman Parking 
Structure’s electronic parking displays in preparation for 
possible expansion to other parking areas across campus. 

The current system, which involves placing sensors on 
each parking spot and relaying their availability to signs 
outside the building, is one of several pilot programs 
designed to make transportation more efficient and 
environmentally friendly at UCSD. 

According to ASUCSD MOVES Executive Director 
Kyle Heiskala, the displays were implemented earlier last 
quarter through a partnership with an outside company 
specializing in parking space monitoring, provided at no 
cost to the university.

“It’s an attempt to make our parking system more 
technologically innovative,” Heiskala said. “The hope 
is that it will reduce frustration and greenhouse gas 
emissions from people circling the parking structure 
looking for parking if you can see that there is no 
parking before you even go inside.”

Heiskala will coordinate with Director of 
Auxiliary Business Services Robert Holden and 

student engineers to establish and promote this new 
technology across UCSD.

For now, TPS is working to complete its collection and 
analysis of data from the tentative Gilman prototypes 
in order to evaluate their exact value to the school. If 
approved, these display signs will likely be installed in 
other university parking structures in the future. TPS 
also plans to integrate the information into websites and 
smartphone apps so people can locate available spots 
before even arriving on campus.

“After testing, Transportation and Parking Services 
will look for opportunities to request funding for 
further deployment based on climate emission impacts 
and enhanced customer parking services,” Director 
of Marketing and Communications for University 
Communications and Public Affairs Laura Margoni said.

The parking displays, along with other long-term 
environmental projects, should near completion 
throughout Spring and Fall Quarters 2014.

readers can contact
andrew  huang     aehuang@ucsd.edu 



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

Department of Education to initiate 
an investigation on the matter.

The complaints filed against 
UC Berkeley accuse officials of 
dissuading students from reporting 
assaults, neglecting to inform them 
of their rights and carrying out 
bias review processes that favor the 
rights of the accused.

Other public universities — such 
as UCLA, Chico State University 
and San Diego State University — 
have undergone similar allegations 
from their students and are currently 
being investigated as well.

Sofie Karasek, a junior at UC 
Berkeley who filed a complaint, 
expressed her doubt about the 
changes being implemented.

“In terms of impacting the culture 

on campus and changing the way 
cases are adjudicated, I don’t think 
it’s going to do much of anything,” 
Karasek said in a March 7 Los 
Angeles Times article. 

Currently, UCSD will begin 
implementing the new policy by 
providing orientation programs to 
train and inform students and staff of 
their new responsibilities to ensure 
the safety of students.

Life Theatre — an interactive 
training service — and the Office 
for the Prevention of Harassment 
and Discrimination will administer 
preventative programs on April 16 
on campus and in Hillcrest. The 
programs will detail UCSD’s VAWA 
responsibilities.

BIRDLAND By Rebekah Dyer

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

FOLLOW US
ON TWITTER

FIND US ON
FACEBOOK

California State University, Long Beach
College of Continuing and Professional Education

No formal admission to 
CSULB required

Earn units toward  
your degree

Enroll on a  
“space available” basis

Two 6 - Week Sessions
 May 27 – July 3 (S1S)

 July 7 – August 15  (S3S)

One 12 - Week Session
 May 27 – August 15 (SSD)

Lorinda Owens
5.95 in. x 5 in.
UC San Digo
Pub Date: 3/27, 4/3

More than 75 Online Summer Classes
(800) 963–2250 ext. 60001

CCPE-info@csulb.edu
www.ccpe.csulb.edu/summer

CSULB
SUMMER SESSIONS

2014

Registration begins April 7

SS_UCSD2v_Ad1_S14.indd   1 3/10/14   4:18 PM

#UCSDNEWS
#NOFILTERS @ucsdguardian

#FOLLOW US

readers can contact
karen  to     kato@ucsd.edu 

UC Students and Staff  Will Participate in New Sexual Assault Education Programs
▶ HARASSMENT, from page 1

LIKE US ON FACEBOOK
FACEBOOK.COM/UCSDGUARDIAN

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US 

ON TWITTER

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Zev has a bald spot under 
his yarmulke.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Emily Ku 

Advertising Director 
Noelle Batema

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Yan Gao

Kelvin Noronha

Morgan Jong

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Vincent Pham

Jacqueline Kim

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Zoë McCracken

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Susan Shamoon

Madeline Mann

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor

Associate News Editor

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

Lifestyle Editor

A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Training & Development

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa

Copy Readers
Clara Chao, Waverly Tseng

Editorial Assistants
Emily Bender, Rosina Garcia, Shelby Newallis, Jonah Yonker



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

UC Chief Financial Officer Peter 
Taylor will be leaving the UC system 
on April 25. Taylor plans to join 
a Los Angeles private foundation 
that seeks to improve education in 
underserved communities.

In the meantime, UC Executive 
Vice President for Business 
Operations Nathan Brostrom will 
oversee the finance division. UC 
Interim Chief of Staff to the CFO 

Cathy O’Sullivan will lead a review 
of business operations and the Office 
of the Chief Financial Officer. The 
UC Office of the President intends to 
include three campus representatives 
in this process and hopes to 
complete the review by June 30. 

UC President Janet Napolitano 
sent a press release on March 25 
explaining the situation.

“I accept Peter’s resignation 
with regret,” Napolitano said in 
the email. “Under his diligent and 
creative direction, he produced 

new and ongoing operational and 
investment practices that so far have 
generated hundreds of millions in 
net savings for the University — 
and California taxpayers.”

Taylor received his undergraduate 
degree from UCLA and worked 
for UCOP as CFO for five years. 
According to Napolitano’s email, 
Taylor “will always be available to 
assist the University of California.”

UC Financial Head Leave for Private Firm
UC  SYSTEM

BY  Gabri ella  Fleisch man   
news editor

Former CFO Peter Taylor announced plans to take a new job in Los Angeles.

readers can contact
Gabriella  Fleischman     jjl096@ucsd.edu 

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

UCSD MOVES Director Hopes Bicycle Usage Will Increase

the UCSD MOVES commission, 
which analyzes how UCSD students 
transport themselves to and from 
campus. Their goal is for students 
to work in institutionalized roles 
in order to advocate for the 
best options for active and mass 
methods of transportation. MOVES 
Executive Director Kyle Heiskala 
explained how MOVES is involved in 
all the current bicycle constructions 
on campus and what students can 
expect to see in the future.

“I have been developing 
presentations, working with the 
University and with committees 
to get three main projects 
implemented,” Heiskala said. 
“There is the University Centers 
Improvement: improving Hopkins 
Lane in between the Hopkins 
Parking Structure and Geisel 
Library. The second is down by 
Gilman Drive — extending bike 
lanes there. And the third is the 
construction of a bridge that will 

extend over Gilman Drive and 
Interstate 5 and will create a new 
east and west connection.”

These projects are ongoing and 
are said to be completed in the next 
couple of years. The Gilman Bridge 
is set to begin construction Fall 
Quarter 2015 and reach completion 
by 2016.

Director of Auxiliary Business 
Services Robert Holden explained 
how UCSD’s Transportation and 
Parking Services has been involved 
with the new bike lanes.

“Transportation and Parking 
Services knows and understands 
that there is a need for better 
bicycle access and that it is a 
component of the transportation 
systems linking campus,” Holden 
said. “Transportation and Parking 
Services staff have provided input 
and helped to review any changes 
in the project. The department 
is interested in all modes of 
transportation to campus and 
will use the information to shape 
its plans for the future, including 

planning for the light rail and 
making sure that bicycles are 
included in those plans as well.”

In addition, three bike repair 
stations will be placed in front of 
RIMAC, Geisel and the Student 
Services Center, possibly along with 
an extended bike-sharing program.

Heiskala hopes the bicycle 
projects will continue to grow in 
the next few years.

“The percentage of commuting 
right now is 2.25 percent,” Heiskala 
said. “My goal for the campus is to 
double our commuting to 5 percent 
by 2017.

Buselt believes bikers’ experiences 
will be enhanced due to the ongoing 
transportation projects. 

“Once implemented, this new 
bike path will be the best, single 
improvement for bikes and cyclists 
this campus has seen,” Buselt said. 
“It will clear up a major congestion 
site in the center of campus.”

▶ BIKES, from page 1

readers can contact
meryl  press     mpress@ucsd.edu 

Thursday, March 20
3:41 p.m.: Vandalism
The subject was actively spray 
painting a sidewalk near Goody’s. 
Report taken.
6:25 p.m.: Information
An alarm went off in a fume hood in 
Endurance Hall. Checks OK.
6:38 p.m.: Medical Aid
Two subjects fell off their skateboards 
at Voigt Dip. Transported to hospital.

Friday, March 21
12:22 a.m.: Reckless Driving
A vehicle near the Pangea Parking 
Structure was driving at a high speed 
with subjects hanging out of the 
vehicle. Unable to locate.
1:03 p.m.: Bicyclist Stop
A group was trick biking on the 
Revelle Plaza fountain and stairs. 
Cancelled after dispatch — subjects 
left area.
7:14 p.m.: Fire Alarm
An individual had tampered with 
the fire alarm in the Village West 
Building 1. Report taken.

Saturday, March 22
10:29 a.m.: Injury
A juvenile soccer player suffered a leg 
injury at Warren Field. Transported 
to hospital.
11:16 p.m.: Quiet Hours Contact 
Six citations were issued at Earth Hall 
South for underage consumption of 
alcohol and use of false IDs. Closed by 
adult citations.
11:16 p.m.: Noise Disturbance
Yelling was reported at a basketball 
court near the North Mesa 
Apartments. Written warning issued.

Sunday, March 23
12:23 p.m.: Attempt to Contact
Parents were unable to reach their 
son at Earth Hall South. Referred to 
Resident Advisor.

9:18 p.m.: Citizen Contact
Three subjects flashed a green laser 
pointer at a Residential Security 
Officer that drove by. Will cooperate. 

Monday, March 24
12:06 p.m.: Disturbance
A subject was yelling at passerby near 
the Music Building. Unable to locate.
12:25 p.m.: Medical Aid
A subject felt lightheaded and about 
to pass out at the Torrey Pines Center 
South. Transported to hospital.
11:36 p.m.: Noise Disturbance
Loud singing and guitar playing 
was reported at the North Mesa 
Apartments. Will cooperate. 

Tuesday, March 25
8:40 a.m.: Non-injury Accident
A large tree branch fell on a school 
bus near Gilman Drive. Report taken.
5:39 a.m.: Information
A dog was locked in a vehicle at 
Lot 309 but did not appear to be in 
distress. Information only.
12:15 p.m.: Petty Theft
A student left the Pines restaurant 
without paying for a beverage. 
Student conduct referral given.
1:31 p.m.: Found Property
An Assistant Resident Dean found 
a pocket knife with a blade longer 
than 2.5 inches at Argo Hall. Student 
conduct referral given. 

Wednesday, March 26
4:04 p.m.: Hit and Run - No Injuries
The subject believed a taxi hit his 
vehicle in the Shiley Eye Center 
parking lot. Information only.
8:15 p.m.: Suspicious Person
A subject walked around 1 Miramar 
Building 4 selling candy. Unable to 
locate.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORKELVIN  NORON HAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Guardian is 
Here to Stay, 
Let’s Make 
It Great

During my April 2011 tour of the UCSD campus, our group stopped in the Old 
Student Center, and the tour guide 
told us about the opportunities 
for aspiring writers at the UCSD 
Guardian. From day one on campus, I 
sought to find and seize those oppor-
tunities. Now as I sit down for my 
first day of work as editor-in-chief, I 
marvel at how far the paper has come 
since my high-school-senior self first 
mused through an issue.

Our office is new, we’re working 
on a third consecutive profitable 
year, the staff is talented and the 
“No Parents” graffiti on our golf 
cart has nearly washed off entirely. 
The paper is in a strong position to 
expand our coverage and multime-
dia offering this year.

The same, unfortunately, cannot 
be said for all print newspapers on 
college campuses. Earlier this month, 
Elizabeth Orpina, my colleague at the 
Daily Aggie at UC Davis, announced 
that her paper would halt its print 
production schedule due to funding 
issues. The Daily Aztec at SDSU cut 
its printing schedule down to twice a 
week. It has become an unfortunate 
reality that student journalists have 
been forced to operate based on 
financial concerns as opposed to cov-
ering real campus stories.

At UC Davis, the student body 
voted overwhelmingly to help support 
the Aggie with a modest fee increase. 
This move would have allowed the 
Aggie to stay in print, but the fee’s pas-
sage was overruled and voided when 
administrators discovered a techni-
cal issue with the voting procedure. 
Despite strong student support for the 
cash infusion to the paper, the Aggie 
has been put on hiatus indefinitely.

However, through strong lead-
ership from my predecessors, the 
Guardian has remained in produc-
tion and looks to stay on newsstands 
for the foreseeable future. Our 
exclusive coverage of A.S. Council, 
as well as our stories on San Diego 
and potential issues for the UC sys-
tem as a whole, will only continue 
to expand and inform our campus 
community.

That said, if you like our coverage 
on something, send a letter. Think 
we’re doing something wrong? Let 
us know. Reader feedback is the best 
way for us to find out how we can 
best tweak our coverage to suit your 
interests and improve your news. 
Have a story tip? Let us know. You, 
as our reader, have the power to be 
vocal about anything and everything 
we’re doing, right or wrong.

And now, time for the feels. 
Angela and Arielle: You’ve left me 
with a really great operation. Your 
legacies live on through awards on 
the wall and open Spotify accounts, 
and I cannot thank you enough for 
your leadership.

Nikki, Rebecca and Allie: You’ve 
been incredible partners for me in 
News and Managing. I would not be 
here without your support.

All my current and former col-
leagues, thank you for your dedica-
tion and drive to make the Guardian 
what it is today.

Laira Martin. A year ago, we 
started this journey together, and 
now I’m picking up where you left 
off. Thank you for everything. Best 
of luck with your next step.

And finally, Mom. I know you’re 
reading this. Tell everyone I say hi.

zev  hurwitz  zhurwitz@ucsd.eduEditor's  Soapbox

The U.S. prison system is currently in dire 
need of reformation. Of the staggering 2.4 million 
American men and women currently behind bars, 
over half are serving time for nonviolent, drug-
related crimes. Each year, billions of taxpayer dollars 
are funneled into supporting woefully overcrowded 
U.S. prisons. With drug arrests on the rise, lengthy 
imprisonment for drug users has proved to be an 
ineffective solution to our country’s drug dilemma. 
The Smarter Sentencing Act and the Recidivism 
Reduction and Public Safety Act offer some relief for 
this problem by modifying outdated policies.

If implemented, the SSA would be a step in the 
right direction as it halves many minimum sen-
tences for various nonviolent, drug-related crimes. 
Mandatory minimums for these crimes are often 
extreme, with five years considered to be a relatively 
light sentence. Statistics posted by the National 
Institute of Drug Abuse claim that in 2012, 23.9 
million Americans above the age of 11 had used or 
abused an illegal drug or medication within thirty 
days of being surveyed. The increasing normality 
of drug consumption ultimately proves the social 
impracticality and inefficiency of employing impris-
onment in preventing drug abuse.

Working in tandem with the SSA, the RRPSA 
would allow prisoners to participate in beneficial 
educational, instructional and rehabilitative pro-
grams. Together, these two bills will pave the way 
for former drug users’ smooth and quick reinte-
gration into society. Years in prison for a single 
drug offense is an unnecessarily harsh punish-
ment, and with such an overwhelming proportion 
of the nation’s prisoners being convicted for non-
violent drug crimes, it is apparent that something 
needs to change. The SSA and RRPSA have the 
potential to bring about the positive modifications 
our prison system so desperately needs. 

— MIKAYLA MURRY 
Staff Writer

Strict Consequences Prevent Repeated 
Incarceration in the Long-Term

Rehabilitation Programs Combat 
Crime More Than  Imprisonment

Prison Reforms Would Create  
Reasonable Sentences for Drug Crime

The “land of the free” has the highest recorded 
incarceration rate in the world, possibly second only 
to North Korea’s unknown rate. If America cares 
to keep its liberty-loving moniker, reforms need to 
emulate the success of nations on the lower end of 
the incarceration spectrum, especially Scandinavian 
countries, where comprehensive rehabilitation pro-
grams prevent repeat offenses.

According to the U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics, 
716 of every 100,000 American adults are incarcer-
ated, which is more than ten times Sweden’s score 
of 67, Denmark’s 68 or Norway’s 71. 67.5 percent of 
released American prisoners are rearrested within 
three years, whereas Norway’s figure floats around 
20 percent. Clearly, Scandinavia has the right poli-
cies, and failing to recognize them as more success-
ful will continue costing American lives.

Bills like the Smarter Sentencing Act and the 
Recidivism Reduction and Public Safety Act may 
alleviate the problem, but only by reforming our 
fundamental criminal justice philosophy can we 
cure the underlying ills of mass incarceration. 
While America uses prisons to punish in the spirit 
of retributive morality, Scandinavia uses prisons 
to rehabilitate its inhabitants using humanistic 
psychology. According to Norway’s Directorate of 
Correctional Service, “you need a reason to deny a 
sentenced offender his rights, not to grant them.”

The offender’s life should resemble life outside 
prison as much as possible, in the interests of even-
tual release. Giving more rights to prisoners might 
rub us the wrong way, but our culture needs to drop 
the irrational “eye-for-an-eye” mentality and imple-
ment systems that work. Yes, this means prisons 
with more amenities, education, drug programs and 
mental health care, but it will free millions of people 
from the revolving door of American criminal jus-
tice, saving money and lives in the long run.

—  THOMAS FINN 
Staff Writer

In a nation where over 70 percent of released 
criminals are eventually reincarcerated, reducing 
criminal sentences seems like more of an attempt 
to avoid prison costs than a genuine effort to cut 
down on crime. Shocking crime figures dem-
onstrate a need to intensify punishment, not to 
eradicate it. Without harsh incentives to stay out 
of jail, criminals will simply return to their bad 
habits right after they’re let off easy.

The so-called “Smarter Sentencing Act” 
intends to halve the minimum jail sentence for 
drug crimes, ultimately reducing the conse-
quences for charges such as cocaine trafficking 
to a mere slap on the wrist. The debilitating 
effect that these offenders have on society is not 
adequately reflected in a prison term of just a few 
years; in order to effectively convey the fact that 
felonies cannot and will not be tolerated, the gov-
ernment needs to crack down on criminals and 
establish a stronger deterrent.

There is substantial evidence for the decrease 
in recidivism brought about by longer prison 
sentences. A study conducted by British scholars 
at Birmingham University using statistics from 
1994 to 2008 showed that a minor increase of 
one month in nonviolent offenders’ jail stays 
resulted in fewer offenses upon release. Clearly, 
extra jail time motivates criminals to change 
their behavior, thus diminishing the number 
of repeat offenders, reducing prison costs and 
minimizing crime in society. 

Justice needs to be less of a buzzword and 
more of a way to bring peace of mind to those 
whose lives have been torn apart by the realities 
of crime in America. The misguided lenience 
manifested in these reforms must be reevalu-
ated if the government truly wishes to mend our 
crime-ridden society. 

—KELVIN NORONHA 
Opinion Editor

QUICK TAKES THE SMARTER SENTENCING ACT AND THE RECIDIVISM REDUCTION AND PUBLIC SAFETY ACT WOULD REDUCE JAIL TIME FOR NONVIOLENT CRIMES AND ALLOW LOW-RISK PRISONERS TO EARN CREDIT FOR EARLY RELEASE.

Five hundred years ago, scholars strove toward the ideal of 
the fabled “Renaissance man,” best exemplified by figures such as 
Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo, Galileo, Copernicus and Ibn 
Sina, well-rounded individuals educated in a variety of disciplines. 
Five centuries later, society seems to have forgotten that these men, 
the founding fathers of modern science, represented the fruits of 
an education in all disciplines, with equal attention given to arts, 
humanities, math and the natural sciences. It is easy to discount 
the current value of an education in the arts and in traditional 
humanities such as philosophy. However, it is important, now more 
than ever, to appreciate the integral role played by these often-
overlooked fields in our society and culture.

Aside from the obvious reasoning that the arts make up the core 
of our cultural activities outside the workplace, more liberal fields 
of study are actually extremely valuable in the workplace, especially 
for those who want to move into positions of leadership. In a 2007 
study, researchers from the Federal Office of Occupational Statistics 
and Employment Projection found that employers search for general 
traits like good communication skills, critical thinking abilities and 
creativity in their potential hires. Humanities provide these founda-
tional skills. Qualities like a strong analytical mindset or eloquent 
verbal and written skills are essential for most careers and are not 
going to become obsolete any time soon. It is fairly easy to disprove 
the stereotype that liberal arts majors are all going to be unemployed 

Recovering Lost Arts

See HUMANITIES, page 6

Students have lost sight of the value in arts and humanities education, despite the 
foundational knowledge and versatile skills that these fields provide.

BY CHARU MEHRA STAFF WRITER 
ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG 



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

SOLVE FOR X By Phillip Jia

www.ucsdguardian.org

CAN'T  GET  ENOUGH?   
VISIT  OUR  WEBSITE



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  O P I N I O N

wpcarey.asu.edu/graduate

        boost 
 your career
Earn a master’s degree in as little as 
9 months from a top ranked business school.
Start this fall - there’s still time to apply!

really!

• Accountancy

• Business Analytics

• Finance

• Global Logistics

• Information Management

• Management

• Real Estate Development

• Taxation

ucsdguardian

.
org

YOUR
NEWS
NOW!

or left without career options. In 
fact, according to the Association of 
American Medical Colleges, “medi-
cal schools accepted 43 percent of 
the biological sciences majors, 47 
percent of physical sciences majors, 51 
percent of humanities majors, and 45 
percent of social sciences majors who 
applied in 2010.” The numbers speak 
for themselves: Clearly, humanities 
majors are equally respected when 
applying to elite institutions, even for 
studies in the natural sciences. The 
testimonials of medical school admis-
sions committee members back up 
this reasoning as well, stating that the 
“essential skills of acquiring, synthe-
sizing, applying and communicating 
information” can be achieved through 
“a wide variety of academic disci-
plines,” humanities included. 

Trendy majors such as computer 
science and biotechnology may make 
the most money at the moment, but 
given 30 years, the economy and the 
world in general may completely 
change the definition of what is or 
isn’t a practical degree or educational 
background. For example, in an arti-
cle for the Wall Street Journal, college 
administrator Philip Dean mentions 
the example of studying during the 
1980s. During the Cold War, many 
students believed that studying any-
thing Russia-related would be practi-
cal. Yet, once the war was over, these 
students were forced to find work 
in other fields. 20 years later, Russia 
is again at the forefront of political 
news and the these people’s skill-
sets are desired once more. Despite 
the lack of a clear market for their 
expertise, these people stayed well-
employed in the meantime, which 
speaks volumes about the versatility 
of the skills that they acquired in 
their education. Clearly, the value of 
a liberal arts education does not dis-
sipate over time. 

International students seem to 
have a better understanding of the 
cognitive benefits of a humanities 
education and all of the different 
ways in which it can be applied. The 
sheer popularity of the science, tech-
nology, engineering and mathemat-
ics fields in the U.S. is not echoed 
as loudly by the rest of the world. 
While there is no lack of students 
majoring in those disciplines, the 
majority of international students 
who come to the U.S. to pursue an 
education do not major in STEM 
fields, according to the National 
Science Foundation. The rest of the 
world still seems to see the impor-
tance of education for education’s 
sake, as opposed to only pursu-
ing things that will make the most 
money. But, this is an issue that can 
be easily fixed with time.

While it is unreasonable to expect 
that every student will major in some-
thing arts and humanities related, it is 
time we started bringing back some 
of the lost respect for these fields. 
They provide important foundational 
knowledge, valuable skills and a wider 
world view. Georgetown computer 
science professor Cal Newport argues 
that for those interested in the 
humanities, a major in those fields 
will not steer them in the wrong 
direction, but could be a useful com-
plement to a current practicality of a 
STEM minor. And, for those who are 
legitimately interested in STEM fields, 
a humanities minor can provide all of 
the aforementioned liberal arts skills 
without limiting major choices. 

Going forward, it is imperative 
that we do not forget just how crucial 
the humanities are to society and our 
culture. These fields represent knowl-
edge that runs deep and relates to just 
about everything, and it is time to give 
the humanities and arts the credence 
that they deserve.

Humanities Education Is a Valuable
Complement to Studies in STEM Fields
▶ HUMANITIES, from page 4

readers can contact
Charu  mehra    cmehra@ucsd.edu 

WE WANT TO
HEAR FROM YOU

BE HEARD
BY YOUR PEERS!

SEND YOUR 
LETTERS TO

OPINION@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

*



 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org

T o Sneha Jayaprakash, social media and game design are not typical avenues for encouraging volunteer work. However, through her new application, Bystanders to Upstanders, the Muir College 
sophomore aims to inspire high school and college students to get 
involved in their communities. The free app will be available in a limited 
release for beta testing at the end of April in app stores for Android, iOS 
and Windows 8. Jayaprakash predicts that the app will be available to 
everyone starting in late May.

With a $2,500 prize from Microsoft’s Challenge for Change in spring 
2013 already under her belt, Jayaprakash 
officially received $10,000 from another 
Microsoft program, Imagine Fund, this 
past January to combine gaming and 
social change — binging her funds to a 
running total of $12,500.

Jayaprakash, a computer science 
major who is working on the actual code 
for the app, currently has a team of 11 
UCSD students to continue development 
on Bystanders to Upstanders, which 
utilizes gaming strategies such as 
competition and a point system in order 
to encourage users to improve their 
communities in small, simple ways.

“You have this picture of a true 
volunteer as someone who is willing to 
go out there and maybe travel to another 
country and volunteer,” Jayaprakash 
said. “No one thinks, ‘Hey, there’s really 
easy ways to make change in your own 
community and in your own house.’”

Users can complete a challenge related to a particular issue and gain 
points by providing photo evidence. Tentatively, there are six categories 
to choose from: random acts of kindness, environmentalism, outreach, 
fundraising, social awareness and community service. As an example, 
Jayaprakash explains how users can influence their own senior citizen 
community.

“Depression in senior citizens is a huge problem that you don’t really 
hear a lot about, so we have a couple challenges that give ideas on how to 
reach out to the senior citizen community nearby,” she said. “It’s really easy, 
things like [...] starting a pen pal relationship — small things like that where 
it’s really easy to get proof.”

Competition, Jayaprakash says, is a key component in gaming that 
she believes will translate to her app and engage users in the way a 
video game would.

“I thought, ‘What are people really interested in? What do they spend 
a lot of time on?’ And the people on my floor last year would spend all 
night playing video games,” she said. “So if you have people [who are] so 
interested in gaming that they’re willing to sacrifice everything else, there 
has to be a way to take that addiction and put it into something good. So I 
thought if we incentivize it and put points to it, that gives it that competitive 

aspect that [people] really enjoy in traditional video games.”
An active volunteer since the eighth grade, Jayaprakash knew she 

wanted to spend her life giving back to others.
“As for what I wanted to do as an actual career, it’s really hard to 

make a living off of doing good things, which says something about 
our society,” Jayaprakash said.

She initially came to UCSD as a bioinformatics major, hoping to 
give back to her community through medical research. However, after 
taking a computer science course in her first quarter as a requirement 

for bioinformatics, Jayaprakash fell in love 
and immediately switched to computer 
science as her major. 

As for combining her interest in social 
change and her love for computer science, 
Jayaprakash became inspired by the book 
“Reality is Broken” by Jane McGonigal, 
which discusses the significance of 
gaming and the impact it has on the 
world. Jayaprakash explains the greater 
implications of a simple game designed to 
get users to do chores. 

“There’s a game [in the book] that 
combines chores and game design to make 
chores fun, so [it incentivizes] cleaning 
the toilet,” she said. “If you can make 
people do something like clean the toilet, 
social work is a lot more rewarding.”

Since acquiring funding from 
Microsoft, Jayaprakash has been 
contacted for many opportunities, from 

encouragement to apply to a peace prize competition which would 
award $25,000 to its winner, to the possibility of being featured in 
Glamour magazine’s Top 10 College Women.

Currently, Jayaprakash’s goals for her project include expansion 
and involvement of the UCSD community through participation in 
experiments supervised by the team. In addition to the 11 students 
working on a variety of areas, from technology to business and 
marketing, Jayaprakash hopes to bring in five more people, two to aid 
in humanitarian outreach and three to help organize the experiments 
into events on campus.

The aim of these experiments, Jayaprakash says, would be to 
gather data about the project’s target population in order to pinpoint 
exactly what the team can do to help encourage students to actually 
take action and help their communities. Of the over 120 interviews 
her team conducted so far, Jayaprakash notes that there are many 
passionate students who have done little or lacked resources to 
actually further their causes.

“Even people who are really interested in [projects] don’t get 
involved unless it’s facilitated for them,” she said. “We want to test out 
to what level facilitation makes a difference [and] what we need to do 
to get people to come out and do things on their own.”

GAME-CHANGING SERVICE 
UCSD sophomore Sneha Jayaprakash, sponsored by Microsoft, is working to help promote social change 

through gaming techniques in a mobile application called Bystanders to Upstanders.

BY SYDNEY RECK FEATURES EDITOR

U
S

E
D

 W
IT

H
 P

E
R

M
IS

S
IO

N
  

FR
O

M
 B

2U

 USED WITH PERMISSION FROM B2U

I feel like our public 
conversation about cancer 
has become anemic — has 
become too technical...There 
are many questions that are 
not being answered. Where 
are we going?”
SIDDHARTHA MUKHERJEE

“

READERS CAN CONTACT SYDNEY RECK AT SRECK@UCSD.EDU



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

Trying to decide if the 
USC School of Social 
Work is right for you?
Join us this spring in San Diego for one of the
following events, before our application deadline.

RSVP to sdac@usc.edu
619-726-4235

www.usc.edu/socialwork

Academic Center Tour & Speaker Panel   
Friday, April 11, 2014, 5:30pm - 7:30pm

Mental Health Social Work Day 
at the San Diego Padres vs. San Francisco 
Giants game, Petco Park 
Saturday, April 19, 2014, 4:00pm

P rescription drug abuse is overlooked but dangerous, constituting the second most abused drug group in adolescents. In 2008, prescription drug abuse killed more people than heroin and cocaine abuse, according 
to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. At UCSD, drug abuse is on the rise. 
In 2012, there were 25 reported drug law arrests and 588 reported accounts of 
drug law discipline, a significant increase from the 16 reports of arrests and 94 
reports of discipline in 2010.

“People don’t realize [prescription drug abuse] is even an issue,” Partners in 
Medication Therapy Director of Medication Therapy Management Services 
Sarah Lorentz said. “As it turns out, [society is] using more and more 
prescription drugs, and that includes opiates and other kinds of drugs. 
People don’t realize the drugs interact with one another.”

Lorentz heads a new group from the Skaggs School of Pharmacy and 
Pharmaceutical Sciences, called Partners in Medication Therapy. PMT 
partnered with the UC Student Health Insurance Plan to create the MTMS 
program. According to the American College of Preventive Medications, 
only around 51 percent of Americans read drug facts labels before taking 
their medications. PMT seeks to help people to understand how to 
responsibly use prescribed medications and understand the consequences 
of mixing these medications together. As a part of this program, PMT 
launched a website called http://mededucship.org in January to provide 
important and certified information about prescription drug abuse and 
its dangerous consequences. 

The project started with UCSD as a pilot program and plans to branch 
out to other campuses that also use UCSHIP, namely the Hastings College 
of the Law, UC Irvine, UCLA, UC Merced, UCSF and UCSC. 

In addition to statistics on prescription drug abuse, the website also 

features information on the interactions between various drugs and foods 
and how to understand drug facts labels. It links visitors to apps that can 
help them with managing pill consumption on a regular schedule. In order 
to get more traffic on the website and gain a larger audience, PMT has 
opened up weekly contests since February to quiz visitors on information 
posted on the site. Each weekly contest winner receives a $25 Amazon 
gift card. As of now, the website targets college students, a group that has 
become increasingly susceptible to prescription drug abuse, as indicated 
by a skyrocketing in abuse statistics — a 343 percent increase in abuse of 
opioids like Vicodin and OxyContin and a 93 percent increase in abuse of 
stimulants like Adderall between 1993 and 2005, according to the Clinton 
Health Matters Initiative.

“[Drug abuse can] start in college and could get worse in a very short 
time, ending in death and serious types of conditions,” Lorentz said. “We 
just want to make sure we’re getting the info out to students and thinking 
about the best ways to reach out to the student population.”

PMT hopes to prevent such problems from building up by emphasizing 
awareness about the issue of prescription drug abuse and its consequences, 
namely the risks of addiction and the interactions between different drugs. 

“Just because a medication is a prescription drug doesn’t mean it’s safe 
for anyone to take,” Lorentz said. “That’s why [PMT is trying] to teach 
people responsible use of medicine through their college years and their 
whole lifetime.”

Students who want more information about substance abuse can 
also consult the UCSD Student Health Center. The Counseling and 
Psychological Services also provides counseling for students with drug-
dependency problems and can be reached at 858-534-3755.

MEDICATION EDUCATION 
The director of Partners in Medication Therapy talks about the recent launch of meducship.org 

and the program’s goal to educate students about taking medications responsibly.

BY SOUMYA KURNOOL ASSOCIATE FEATURES EDITOR

READERS CAN CONTACT SOUMYA KURNOOL AT SKURNOOL@UCSD.EDU

Features Section Needs You!

Noticed anything on campus that you’d 
like us to investigate? Send us a tip! 

features@ucsdguardian.org



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

Athletics.
In the Varsity 8 duel, UCSD 

started off strong, taking an early 
lead. However, SDSU mounted a 
comeback to finish at 6:33.4, while 
UCSD rowed in seven seconds later 
at 6:40.8.

The Aztecs were also victorious 
in the JV 8, Varsity 4 and Open 
4+ races. Their largest margin of 
victory came in the open four race 
in which SDSU was able to finish 41 
seconds ahead of the Tritons.

Although UCSD fell short of the 
results they had hoped for, Truex 
was optimistic about his crew and 
their performances.

“It was a solid day for us against 
a greatly improved San Diego State 
team,” Truex said. “Each boat fought 

incredibly hard and rowed very well. 
We were definitely the underdog, 
but we were scrappy enough to press 
all the way down the course. I am 
proud of the way the team attacked, 
scraped and clawed for every meter.”

At the very least, Friday’s 
competition was crucial for the 
Tritons in gaining experience and 
preparing for next week’s meet. 

“It was a perfect way to tune up 
for the next two huge races that we 
have coming up,” Truex said.

The Tritons will look to get even 
with SDSU when they face the 
Aztecs again next Saturday at the 
annual San Diego Crew Classic in 
Mission Bay.

In the women’s hammer throw 
invitational final, freshman jumps/
throws Savanna Forry finished 
13th overall while sophomore 
throws Valerie Francis fouled out. 
Sophomore throws Giovanni Rico 
and freshman throws Nick Gastaldo 
earned seventh and eighth overall, 
respectively, for the men’s hammer-
throw invitational final. 

In the men’s open high jump, 
Triton sophomore jumps Sean Cook 
took second place with a top height 
of 6-4. 

On the track side, UCSD 
performed well in the long distance 
events, as sophomore distance 
Paige Hughes earned the top spot 
(4 minutes, 46.10 seconds) in the 
women’s open 1,500-meter and 
sophomore distance Tareq Alwafai 
finished second (4:01.94) in the 
men’s open 1,500. In the men’s 
open 800, junior distance Carlos 
Bojorquez was third with a time of 
1:53.35. 

“The [long distance runners] had 
a good meet,” men’s head coach 

Tony Salerno said. “Paige Hughes 
had a win, and [Bojorquez] ran well 
in his first 800 in a while.” 

In the second day of competition, 
junior Triton and All-American 
sprints Sabrina Pimentel earned an 
NCAA provisional qualifier with 
her third-place time of 2:13.16 in 
the women’s invitational 800. 

“She’s looking very strong and 
getting her race sense back,” Ahner 
said. “She’s getting her confidence 
back, and I think this meet really 
helped her do that.”

Senior pole vault Clint Rosser 
also earned an NCAA provisional 
qualifier in the men’s invitational 
pole vault with his second place 
finish (15-9.75). 

In the men’s javelin, junior 
Triton and All-American throws 
Nash Howe finished in sixth (228-
5). Howe went up against an elite 
array of competitors, including his 
brother senior throws Nick Howe 
(fifth, 231-7) and 2012 Olympians 
Sean Furey (first, 262-6) and Craig 
Kinsley (second, 251-2). 

Freshman sprints Erica Anunwah, 
sophomore sprints Amy Heins, 

sophomore jumps Kristin Sato and 
junior sprints Janay Pierce together 
placed third (47.76) in the women’s 
4x100 relay. In the men’s 4x100, the 
Tritons put in a sixth-place effort 
with a final time of 42.55. 

Linda Rainwater, a former UCSD 
national champion, briefly vacated 
her assistant coach position to 
compete in the invitational high 
jump, ultimately sharing first place 
(5-10.5) with Oregon’s Chancey 
Summers. 

With its first multi-day 
competition of the season behind 
them, UCSD now prepares to 
host the Cal-Nevada Collegiate 
Championships on April 4 to 5. 

“We’re going to enter everyone in 
the best places we can,” Salerno said. 
“It’s a selective meet. It’s dominated 
by Division I programs. If the team 
finishes in the top 10, that’ll be a 
great success.” 

Events will commence at noon on 
Friday at the Triton Track & Field 
Stadium.

Pimento Earned NCAA Provisional Qualifier in Women’s 800

▶ TRACK & FIELD, from page 12

readers can contact
brandon  yu    bcyu@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY BEATRIZ BAJUELOS/GUARDIAN FILE

▶ W. CREW, from page 12

readers can contact
daniel  suing    d2sung@ucsd.edu 

SDSU Rematch Slated for Next Weekend

PHOTO BY TYLER  KERN/GUARDIAN FILE



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

crossword

ACROSS
1 Precious stones
5 Burn a bit
9 Roe source
13 Most eligible for the draft
14 Like a snowy landscape
15 “Royal” nuisance
16 Put in pigeonholes
17 Duncan __: cake mix brand
18 Reformer for whom a Bible book is 

named
19 What little girls are made of, so it’s said
22 “That makes sense”
23 The Blue Jays, on scoreboards
24 Place for a napkin
27 Prof’s degree
28 Spat
31 C.S. Lewis’s “The Chronicles of __”
33 Out of harm’s way
35 Border
38 Prior to, poetically
39 Courtroom figs.
40 Light lunch
45 “Queen of Soul” Franklin
46 Supermarket checkout unit
47 Rainbow shape
50 Hesitant sounds
51 Mexican Mrs.
53 “Beats me”
55 Pleasantly concise
59 Fuzzy fruit
61 “Shucks!”
62 Castaway’s spot
63 Post-workout woe
64 Spud
65 Use a swizzle stick
66 Modernists
67 Previously, old-style
68 Coop residents

DOWN
1 Grapevine news
2 Sufficient
3 Combined two companies into one
4 Occupied, as a desk
5 Goatee’s location
6 __ legs: rear extremities
7 ‘50s nuclear experiment
8 Answer
9 Designer’s detail, briefly
10 Coffee flavoring
11 What we breathe
12 Genetic initials
14 “Just suppose ...”
20 Beatles meter maid
21 Some savings plans, for short
25 “__ That a Shame”: Domino hit
26 Writing tablets
29 Supply meals for
30 Iran’s official language
32 Thoroughfare
33 Labor Day mo.
34 Tidy
35 Jacob’s twin
36 College housing
37 Phone caller’s “Bet you don’t recognize 

my voice!”
41 Facetious “Of course”
42 Tell a story
43 Mortgage bank, e.g.
44 Andy’s old radio partner
47 “__ Fideles”: Christmas carol
48 Land, as a fish
49 Supplies food for, as an affair
52 Engaged in battle
54 Start of a request to a genie
56 Goes in haste
57 FBI employees
58 Depilatory product
59 Wichita’s state: Abbr.
60 Hockey surface

FURNITURE 
Garmin GPS- $50 - 1. 90% new. 2. Original 
amazon price: 99.5$. 3. Come with the GPS 
shelf. 4. Moving sale, so the price is a good 
one. Listing ID: 29654649 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information 

Study Table- $60 - Hi ~ I’m selling a desk. 
Except the drawers are tan colored. I’ve used 
this for only two quarters so it’s still in a pretty 
good condition. Let me know if you’re inter-
ested and I can send you photos of the actual 
desk. Listing ID: 29018100 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Desk- $40. Bought this desk from Ikea but it’s 
white with brown drawers. It’s still in pretty 
good condition since I’ve only used it for 2 
quarters. I can send photos as well. Let me 
know if you’re interested. Available ASAP.
Listing ID: 29018103 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

White Bed Frame- $175. I’m selling this bed 
frame that I bought from Ikea in March 2013: 
Only used for 9 Months, still in great condi-
tion! Available ASAP.  Listing ID: 29018105 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

HOUSING
PB Condo w/rooftop deck- $700 - My name 
is Erika. I am the only roommate currently 
living in the condo. I am a 23 year old, female, 
UCSD engineering student. I own a cat. I am 
very busy with my studies so I am not home 
very often. I enjoy the outdoors (sailing, hik-
ing, SUP, snowboarding). I am looking for a 
chill roommate who isn’t looking for a party 
house. I don’t smoke and rarely drink and 
I am looking for someone similar. Contact 
me if you would like to check the place 
out. I am on spring break so I am available 
to show the place for the majority of the 
week(except thursday during the day) email 
me @ : epoyntercl@gmail.com. Listing ID: 
29719254 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for 
more information

Spring Quarter Beautiful single room for rent 
next to UCSD - $700 - Whom WE are: Three 
extremely down to earth, easy-going, and 
super chill undergraduate students at UCSD. 
We have been living together for months and 
we are basically looking for the last member 
to join our crew as one house mate moved 
out early after completing his research 
work at UCSD. Whom are we LOOKING for: 
Someone who can keep things to them-
selves, quiet, and CLEAN, friendly, and blah 
blah. If this ad matches what you are looking 
for, please text me at 626-716-1613:) and we 
will chat more about details! Thanks. Listing 
ID: 29703287  at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Sublet in a double for Spring Quarter UCSD- 
$350. Available immediately for Spring 
Quarter! Double with another UCSD Student 
rent is 350/month and utilities no higher 
than 20/month. Apartment is at Whispering 
Pines apt complex only 1.5 minute walk to 
shuttle stop! Great deal, prefer UCSD student! 
Listing ID: 29703329 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

TEXTBOOKS
Student’s Solutions Manual to accompa-
ny Principles of General Chemistry - $20 
- For Sale: Student’s Solutions Manual to 
accompany Principles of General Chemistry 
By: Martin Silberberg Publisher: McGraw-
Hill Science/Engineering/Math. Listing ID: 
29576615 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information. Student’s Solutions 
Manual to accompany Principles of General 
Chemistry - $20. For Sale: Student’s Solutions 
Manual to accompany Principles of General 
Chemistry By: Martin Silberberg Publisher: 
McGraw-Hill Science/Engineering/Math. 
Listing ID: 29576615 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Graphic Design Service for Student Organizations!
Located in PC East, 3rd Floor asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  1 1

UC SAN DIEGO TRITON DAY
ALL CAMPUS

SAT4.05 • 8am-4pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

campus
C A L E N D A R
3 . 3 1  -  4 . 0 6

2 0 1 4

TUE4.01
11am
HEALTHY BACK-THE ZONE, PC PLAZA
Join us EVERY TUESDAY for a free interactive workshop to 
achieve and maintain a healthy back. This workshop will teach 
proper body mechanics and back strengthening exercises.

4pm
SUZANNE BOURGEOIS APPEARING @ THE UCSD 
BOOKSTORE-UCSD BOOKSTORE
Suzanne Bourgeois is the author of 'Genesis of the Salk 
Institute.' A personal account of the origins and early years of 
the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in La Jolla, California, it 
discusses the people who founded the Institute and built a 
home for renowned research leading scientists of the time as 
well as non-scientists of stature in finance, politics, 
philanthropy, publishing, and the humanities. The events that 
brought people together, the historic backdrop in which they 
worked, their personalities, their courage and their visions, their 
clash of egos and their personal vanities are woven together in a 
rich, engaging narrative. Bourgeois is Professor Emerita and 
Founding Director of the Regulatory Biology Laboratory at the 
Salk Institute.

THU4.03
10am
MEDITATION AT THE ZONE- THE 
ZONE, PC PLAZA
Join us for a guided meditation 
where you can: gain a greater 
mental clarity, achieve a peaceful 
state of being, learn techniques to 
de-stress, achieve harmony amid 
cognitive dissonance. Meditation 
led by Recreation FitLIfe 
instructor, Voula Athens.

WED4.02
7pm
SATIRE AND POP CULTURE IN ISRAEL: SAYED KASHUA, ISRAELI 
ARAB-INSTITUTE OF THE AMERICAS, HOJEL HALL
Screening of Arab Labor and talk by the show's creator, Sayed Kashua, with 
Q&A. LIMITED SEATING: RESERVE FREE ADVANCE TICKETS. Widely viewed 
as one of the most important contemporary writers in the Hebrew language, 
Sayed Kashua who has been called 'The Palestinian Seinfeld', draws on his 
Arab heritage and perspective to bring a fresh view to the Israeli cultural 
scene. Kashua's critically acclaimed 'Arab Labor' is an irreverent 
Hebrew-language comedy series piercing taboos of acceptable language and 
humor surrounding the prickly, long-standing status quo in which 
Palestinians and Israelis live side-by-side. The series won the Award for Best 
Television Series at the Jerusalem Film Festival. Kashua's sharp humor and 
satire made him a popular Israeli speaker on university campuses.

10pm
PARTY WITH A HEART ON- PORTER’S PUB
Sigma Phi Epsilon presents 2014's Party With A Heart On! All proceeds will 
be going to their philanthropy Sun Cup in helping LHON research (Leber's 
Hereditary Optic Neuropathy). The theme is 70s! So, Peace, Love, and Party 
With A Heart On! Ages 18+ Pre Sale: $7.00; General Admission: $10.00. 
Purchase tickets: http://www.showclix.com/event/sigep0402. Contact: 
gerardo.soto@porterspub.com

SAT4.05

10am
36TH ANNUAL CULTURAL 
CELEBRATION- THURGOOD 
MARSHALL COLLEGE
Thurgood Marshall College, in 
conjunction with UC San Diego and 
Triton Day, is hosting its 36th 
Annual Cultural Celebration - "Now 
Boarding, Destination: Everywhere!" 
on Saturday, April 5th from 
10am-4pm. Spend a beautiful day in 
San Diego tasting delicious 
international cuisines and touring 
artisan crafts from local vendors. 
Enjoy free live entertainment 
featuring a diverse range of 
performers, and have fun playing 
games from around the world. 
Experience one of the largest and 
longest standing traditions at UCSD! 
Parking and entrance to the event 
are free. Open to everyone and fun 
for all ages!

POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

WED, 4/2
1-2pm
VICE-PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATES DEBATE
PC PLAZA

THU, 4/3
12-1pm
PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATES DEBATE
PC PLAZA



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  M A R C H  3 1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

This past Friday, the UCSD 
women’s crew team could only 
secure one victory at Mission Bay 
out of five races against cross-town 
rival San Diego State.

The meet marked the rowing 
squad’s third event of the year, 
having posted solid performances 
at the Sacramento State Invitational 
and the Opening Day Regatta in 

Long Beach earlier this month.
UCSD’s only victory of the 

morning came from the Novice 8 
event in which the women finished 
the 1,930-meter course in 6:59.7. 
SDSU crossed the line at 7:04.5, 
nearly five seconds after UCSD.

“The novices carried the day, 
and the future looks very bright 
for the athletes in this boat,” Triton 
head coach Colin Truex told UCSD 

The UCSD men’s and women’s 
track and field teams took on a slew 
of competitors — including athletes 
from 27 colleges and 53 track clubs, 
along with various Olympians and 
alumni challengers — at the 36th 
Annual Aztec Invitational this past 
Friday and Saturday. The Tritons 
struggled in the hammer throw 
competitions, which were held at the 
UCSD Throwing Field, but found 
some success in the remaining 

events that were held at the SDSU 
Sports Deck. 

“We were a little sluggish, which 
tends to happen after finals and 
spring break, especially with the 
youngsters,” UCSD women’s 
associate head coach Darcy Ahner 
said. “We do have a young team, 
but we had some athletes that did 
pretty well.” 

On Friday morning, the Tritons 
were outshined on their home turf 
in the hammer throw competitions. 

SOFTBALL

Tritons 
Sweep 

Stanislaus
UCSD wins all four games of their 

series against Cal State Stanislaus, 
while allowing only 3 runs in total.

BY GURIKART SINGH
STAFF  WRITER

The No. 19 nationally ranked UCSD women’s softball team swept conference foe Cal State Stanislaus in a four-game series this past 
Friday and Saturday at the Triton Softball Field. 
The Tritons dominated the Warriors, managing 
to not only win all their games, but also allowing 
only one run or none in each of the four matchups. 

“We went up against Stanislaus, who is always a 
tough team to beat,” senior first baseman Caitlin 
Brown said. “We told ourselves to be aggressive 
this game and to score early and often.”

On Friday, senior shortstop Mya Romero 
racked up four runs batted in game one, while 
Brown managed to do the same in game two. The 
opener finished in five innings with the Tritons 
winning 10–1, and the second game ended after 
six innings with the Tritons victorious 8–0.

On Saturday, the Tritons continued their control 
of the series, winning game three with a score of 
9–1. In game four, senior right-handed pitcher 
Jennifer Manuel tossed a gem inside the circle to 
help UCSD complete the sweep with a 5–1 victory. 

The Tritons won the day on Friday, recording 
20 total hits as a team. Four hits came from 
sophomore outfielder Callie Grant, while 
sophomore utility player Amani Proctor, senior 
third-base Emily McQuaid and Brown all 
contributed three hits apiece. 

The Tritons also had an exceptional 
performance from the pitching staff, led by 
starting pitchers sophomore Alexis Edwards and 
Manuel. Altogether, UCSD finished both contests 
with only six hits allowed in 11 total innings. 

The Tritons followed their amazing performance 
on Friday with more stellar play in the second 
half of the series on Saturday. Grant led the day 
again with six hits, five runs and a stolen base. 
Sophomore catcher Katie Saunders contributed 
four hits and two runs batted in, and Brown 
produced three RBIs.

The pitching staff recorded another phenomenal 
performance — behind Edwards and Manuel 
again — as they only allowed two earned runs. 
Proctor also managed to steal her 12th base of the 

year, keeping her perfect record of 12–12 in stolen 
bases attempts. 

After winning this four-game series, the 
Tritons improve to scores of 22–6 overall and 
17–3 in the California Collegiate Athletic 
Association. Following this empowering win 
at home, UCSD will now participate at the 
Tournament of Champions in Turlock on April 
4 to 6.

“Overall our team is feeling good about this 
past weekend and is looking forward to carrying 
that momentum into this coming weekend at 
the Tournament of Champions in Turlock,” 
Brown told the UCSD Guardian. 

UCSD will play against Chaminade, Dominican 
and California Baptist on Friday and will move on 
to face Hawaii Pacific and Notre Dame de Namur 
on Saturday. The results of these contests will 
determine the schedule for Sunday. 

readers can contact
gurkirat  singh    gsingh@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY BEATRIZ BAJUELOS/ GUARDIAN FILE

Mixed Results at Aztec Invite
TRACK & FIELD 

Tritons appear rusty in competition against myriad 
of challengers at SDSU’s 36th annual invitational. 

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN

Tritons Struggle at Mission Bay
WOMEN'S  CREW

UCSD secures only one victory out of five contests 
against San Diego State University this past Friday.

PHOTO BY JOSEPH HO/ GUARDIAN
BY  Bran don Yu
SPORTS Editor

BY  Dan i el Su ng
Associate SPORTS Editor

See TRACK & FIELD, page 9 See W. CREW, page 9

FACTS&Figures
.392
The current batting average of 

senior catcher Nick La Face, good 
for second overall in 

the CCAA

1.69
ERA of sophomore pitcher Alexis 

Edwards, which ranks second 
overall in the CCAA

1:54.45
Time in which senior All-American 
Nicholas Korth broke a Division II 
national and school record in his 
200-yard breaststroke national 

title-winner at the NCAA. Champi-
onships on Saturday, March 15

4:49.51
Senior All-American Anji Shakya’s 
captured the national title in the 
500-yard freestyle at the NCAAs 

with her stellar time

229’3’’
Junior All-American Nash Howe 

achieved a top distance of 229’3” 
in the javelin on March 15, 

making him the current leader 
among all collegians, including 

Division I challengers

9
Number of wins, in the No. 11 
men’s tennis team’s perfect 

victory over Sonoma State on 
Sunday, March 16

20
Season high in kills by senior 

opposite Johl Awerkamp in men’s 
volleyball win against Cal Baptist  

on Thursday, March 13

221
Number of wins, in the No. 11 
men’s tennis team’s perfect 

victory over Sonoma State on 
Sunday, March 16

PAST TWO WEEKS
 IN REVIEW

Baseball
Track & Field
M. Volleyball

W. Crew
M. Crew

   4/3
   4/4
   4/4   
   4/5
   4/5

VS Cal State Los Angeles 
VS Cal-Nevada Championships
VS UC Irvine
VS San Diego Crew Classic
AT San Diego Crew Classic

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES




