
VOLUME 49, ISSUE 1  TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

BANNED BOOKS 
AT UCSD

UCSD Library will host a 
readout event in front of Geisel 

Library and a screening of 
“Fahrenheit 451” in the Seuss 
Room Oct. 1 for Banned Books 

Week in order to celebrate 
freedom of information.

A  TRITON  TRADITION

GRIZZLIES  COME  TO  RIMAC

sun god  needs  to  stay

nba  squad  to  practice  at  ucsd

opinion,  Page  4

sports,  page  13

WEDNESDAY
H 81 L 64

THURSDAY
H 86 L 64

FRIDAY
H 90 L 65

SATURDAY
H 91 L 66

FORECAST

VERBATIM
...though 
some may 
perceive 
the Council 
as little 
more than a 
financier of 
pizza parties, it would be a 
mistake for anyone to think it 
ends there.”

- Soren Nelson
POINT OF ORDER

OPINION, PAGE 8

INSIDE
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Letter from the Editor ...... 5
New to the Tube .............. 6
Calendar ....................... 15
Triton Fall Preview ........ 16

“

features,  PAGE  8

PHOTO BY KIM GARCIA 

Two UCSD students who pled 
guilty last month to setting a fire 
in Price Center may have to pay 
thousands in restitution to university 
agencies damaged physically and 
financially by the incident. 

Hoai Vi Holly Thuy Nguyen and 
Maya Land had both previously pled 
not guilty to eight felony charges in 
April 2014 before changing their plea 
to guilty to a single count of recklessly 
setting a fire as part of a plea deal 
early last month. The change-of-pleas 
were entered in court in a readiness 
hearing Sept. 1 as the case looked to 
be headed for trial.

Land and Nguyen were 21 and 22, 
respectively, when they were arrested 
in February after a surveillance video 
linked the two to being in the vicinity 
of Price Center around the time that 
two December 2013 fires were set in 
Price Center restrooms.

As a provision of their pleas, the 
students will serve just under three 
weeks in jail, will spend three years 
on probation and will need to pay 
restitution to UCSD for damage done 
to the restrooms and Price Center 
businesses, including the bookstore.

San Diego Deputy District 
Attorney Melissa Vasel told the 
UCSD Guardian last month that she 
estimates that restitution dues for this 
case could range around $10,000.

“Most of the damage was not to 
the restrooms themselves but to the 
lost business in Price Center when the 
building was evacuated,” Vasel said.

Police estimated that Price Center 
was closed for nearly an hour and a 
half during the fires on Dec. 3, 2013.

Eugene Iredale, legal counsel for 
Nguyen, told the Guardian on Sept. 3 
that he thought potential restitution 
figures from the university, including 
what he said was a reported “$7,000 
in lost-earnings damages” from a 
three-hour closure of the university 
bookstore, were “grossly inflated.”

Iredale noted that the restrooms 
on the first and second floor of 
Price Center where the twin fires 
were set are constructed with largely 
flame-resistant materials that likely 
would have survived such a fire with 
relatively little damage. 

“The damage to the restrooms 
themselves is probably only around 
$1,000, and even that might be 
slightly exaggerated,” he said.

Director of University Centers 
Sharon van Bruggen declined to 
speak to the Guardian.

TRANSPORTATION

BY    andrew  huang  senior staff writer

Arsonists 
May Pay 
Thousands 
for PC Fire

UNIVERSITY  CENTERS

Two UCSD students pled 
guilty Sept. 1 for a single 
count of recklessly setting fire 
to Price Center in 2013.

BY  zev h u rwitz
senior staff Writer

New Gilman Transit Center 
Begins MTS Bus Service

As the first of several planned transportation projects for the UCSD campus, the Gilman Transit Center became fully 
operational on Monday, Sept. 15, and features 
larger bus depots and dedicated bike lanes to 
better serve commuters in the UCSD area. 

Replacing the previous stops at Myers Drive 
and Russell Lane, the center contains four new 
bus turnouts and several queuing areas. It serves 
Metropolitan Transit System Routes 30, 41, 150 and 
921, as well as MTS SuperLoop Routes 201 and 202 
and North County Transit District Route 101.

According to a Sept. 12 campuswide email 
from Associate Vice Chancellor of Strategic 
Campus Resources Initiatives Brian Gregory, the 
center will also open service to MTS Rapid 237 on 
Oct. 13 and all UCSD campus shuttles beginning 
on Sept. 29. Until then, campus shuttle riders can 
utilize temporary stops near Mandeville Lane. 

Additional features will be added by the 2015 
Winter Quarter, including permanent lighting, 
guardrails and shade canopies. 

The San Diego Association of Governments 
first announced the project on May 22, and 
construction began on June 16. Director of 
Marketing and Communications Laura Margoni 
told the UCSD Guardian that the biggest challenge 
for SANDAG was the accelerated schedule set by 
UCSD.

“UC San Diego requested that [SANDAG] 
build the project during the summer quarter to 
minimize construction impacts on campus, which 
is approximately half the typical construction 
time for a project of this size,” Margoni said. 

She added that the operation’s success was 
due to extensive coordination between the teams 
involved and its phased construction plan.

Its completion coincides with the introduction 

FACULTY

Dr. Juan Gonzalez began 
performing his duties as the new 
Vice Chancellor – Student Affairs 
effective Sept. 1. Chancellor Khosla 
announced that Gonzalez would fill 
the position formerly held by Alan 
Houston on June 18.

As VCSA, Gonzalez’s 
responsibilities at UCSD include 
the development, assessment and 
improvement of services that meet 
and support the needs of students 
and the university’s mission. 

Gonzalez reconvened the 
Sun God Task Force, previously 
headed by Houston. The task 

force was charged with the task of 
analyzing data such as number of 
arrests and hospitalizations from 
previous festivals and making 
recommendations to improve 
aspects of the Sun God festival, such 
as student safety. The task force 
published their most recent report 
on August 31. Gonzalez reassembled 
the task force at a time when the 
future of the festival is in jeopardy 
due to increasing safety concerns.

Gonzalez told the UCSD 
Guardian that his primary goals as 
VCSA are to work with the entire 
campus on student issues such as 
health, wellbeing and retention. He 
also would like to assess UCSD 
programs and services.

In UCSD’s press release 
regarding the announcement, 
Khosla indicated that Gonzalez has 
a history of developing programs for 
improving the student experience 
throughout his career. 

“As a first-generation college 
graduate, Juan Gonzalez is 
committed to expanding college 
access, opportunity and success for 
students,” Executive Vice Chancellor 
of Academic Affairs Suresh 
Subramani said. “These core values 
make Juan uniquely qualified for 
the position of Vice Chancellor for 
Student Affairs at UC San Diego.”

For the past 22 years, Gonzalez had 
served as the Vice President of Student 

VCSA Reconvenes Sun God Task Force
Juan Gonzalez replaces previous Vice Chancellor  — Student Affairs Alex Houston

BY  jacky  to
staff writer

See BUSES, page 3

readers can contact
zev  hurwitz    zhurwitz@ucsd.edu See VCSA, page 3

Triton U-Pass UCSD Universal Transit Pass Program

Fall 2014 - Spring 2015: quarterly U-Pass stickers
Starting fall 2015: U-Pass incorporated into student ID 
card technology
Provides access to all regional mass transit bus and 
trolley/light rail routes provided by MTS and NCTD
Excludes the NCTD Coaster Train and MTS Rural (891, 
892 and 894) and Rapid Express routes (270, 280 
and 290)
Where to get your U-Pass Sticker: Between Gilman 
Parking Office and Pepper Canyon Hall or Library Walk 
outside bookstore, 8am-6pm (through Oct. 3)
Gilman Parking Office, 7am-8am and 6pm-7pm 
(through Oct. 3)
Valid through Dec. 31, 2014

PHOTO BY  SIDDHARTHE ARTE/ GUARDIAN 



Student tuition rates for University 
of California students will not increase 
for the coming school year after the 
UC Board of Regents’ three-day 
meeting last month, although some 
high-level campus administrators will 
begin seeing higher paychecks.

During the meeting, which ran 
Sept. 17 to –19 at UC San Francisco’s 
Mission Bay campus, the Regents 
approved pay raises for four UC 
chancellors. The increases ranged from 
5 to 20 percent for the chancellors at 
the Santa Cruz, Merced, Santa Barbara 
and Riverside campuses.

The Regents also confirmed 
Howard Gillman, most recently the 
interim chancellor at UC Irvine, to 

the full-time position.   Gillman will 
receive a starting compensation 
package of $485,000.

Gillman’s starting salary will eclipse 
UCSD Chancellor Pradeep K. Khosla’s 
total compensation package, which 
was $445,693 in 2013 — though Irvine 
is a much smaller campus than UCSD 
in total enrollment. Several board 
members, as well as UC President 
Janet Napolitano, explained that such 
increases are necessary to keep the 
UC schools competitive in attracting 
top administrators.

“When a UC chancellor’s 
compensation falls behind… the 
president shall recommend to 
the Regents an adjustment to the 
applicable chancellor’s compensation 
so that it is more competitive with 
… the average compensation,” the 
Regents wrote in a Sept. 18 report.

Khosla and the rest of the 
continuing chancellors were slated to 
receive 3-percent raises this year which 
followed a Regents decision in June.

The Regents also voted to confirm 
Nathan Brostrom as the system’s 
newest chief financial officer. The 
Daily Californian reported that his 
salary will be set at $412,000.

Earlier in the meeting, the Regents 
heard a report from The President’s 
Task Force on Preventing and 
Responding to Sexual Violence and 
Sexual Assault — a group formed 
by Napolitano in June to present 
recommendations for curbing the 
growing number of sexual assault 
incidents and investigations at several 
UC campuses in recent years.

The Task Force reported to 
the Regents on Sept. 17 with 
recommendations to adopt a new 

set of systemwide guidelines and 
protocols for response to instances of 
sexual assault, establish “confidential 
advocacy offices for sexual violence 
and sexual assault” on each UC campus 
by the end of this year, as well as new 
education and training programs.

“This excellent effort by the 
task force... is testament to the 
collaborative and rigorous approach 
the university is taking to become 
the national leader in preventing and 
combating sexual violence and sexual 
assault,” Napolitano said in a Sept. 
17 release. “We seek to establish a 
culture of trust and safety across the 
entire university community.”

The Regents are set to meet again in 
November at the UCSF campus.

2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

MEAGER MOUSE By Rebekah Dyer

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. ...OR NAH.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano 

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Gabriella Fleischman

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Lauren Koa

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Salena Quach

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Dorothy Van

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

News Editor
 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa, Joselynn Ordaz, 

Zöe McCracken, Amber Shroyer

Copy Readers
Micaela Stone, Kriti Sarin, Andrew Chao

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Jonah Yonker

3146 Sports Arena Blvd.  •  San Diego, CA 92110  •  619.221.0100  •  www.ultrazonesandiego.com

•  Group Events / 
Own the ZONE 
Hourly Rentals

•  Late Night at the ZONE — 
Midnight to 2am Fri & Sat

•  Thursday Night 
= “College Night” 
3rd Game Free

@UCSDGuardian
#OMG! Follow us on Twitter #NOW! 

UC  SYSTEM

Tuition Rates Will Not Increase for the 2014-15 Academic Year

BY  zev  h u rwitz
Senior Staff Wrter

UC Regents determine in three-day meeting that high-level administrators will receive substantial salary increases.

readers can contact
zev  hurwitz    zhurwitz@ucsd.edu 



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

LECTURE
NOTES SOFTRESERVES

An A.S. enterprise that enables professors 
to disseminate various course materials 
to their students.  These include 
course readers, lab manuals, class 
notes, sample exams, homework 
solutions, etc.
 

An A.S. enterprise that pays 
student note-takers to take notes 
for a variety of courses. Current 
Notes (note-taker is in the class) 
are sold on a subscription basis 

and are available for pick up every 
Monday morning.

Archive Notes (from a previous 
quarter) are pre-ordered and the 

entire quarter's notes are available in 
a bound packet.

HOURS OF
OPERATION

OPENS ON
WEEK 2!

Mon-Fri:
9am-5pm

Occasional Sat:
10am-2pm

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu assoftreserves@ucsd.edu

ONLINE SERVICE!
Pre-order your reader online at:

and pick it up at the Student Center 
softreserves.ucsd.edu

Located o
n Level 1 

at the Stu
dent Cent

er

Located on Level 1 at the Student Center

HOURS OF
OPERATION

Mon-Fri:
9am-5pm

Extended hours
til 6pm

Occasional Sat:
10am-2pm

of the new Triton U-Pass, which offers 
students unlimited ridership on all local 
bus and trolley routes throughout the 
year, due to the quarterly transportation 
fee passed in May. The U-Pass is 
available for pick up at the Gilman 
Parking Office, at the Bookstore on 
Library Walk and near Pepper Canyon 
Hall from Sept. 25 to Oct. 3. 

The Gilman Transit Center 
is part of a larger SuperLoop 

Project Plan, which aims to 
reduce greenhouse emissions and 
improve mass transit efficiency 
in the northern University City 
region in San Diego. SANDAG is 
working in conjunction with the 
MTS and California Department of 
Transportation to develop multiple 
regional projects outlined in the 
SuperLoop Plan. 

These projects include building 
a Gilman Drive bridge over the 
Interstate 5 freeway, an 11-mile 

extension of the MTS Trolley Blue 
Line’s service and widening Regents 
Road to four lanes, many of which are 
expected to start construction in 2015.

The office of Campus Resource 
Planning Initiatives’ On The Go 
website provides up-to-date overviews 
of SANDAG’s future proposals, which 
allows students to stay informed as 
each plan moves forward.

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.
Triton U-Pass for Universal Bus Access Available to Students
▶ BUSES, from page 1

readers can contact
andrew  huang    aehuang@ucsd.edu 

Thursday, July 31
7:50 a.m.: Suspicious Person
Revelle College custodians found a 
male suspect hiding in an apartment 
closet who fled when discovered. The 
custodians later found $100 worth of 
damages to a window screen. Report 
taken.
8:38 a.m.: Medical Aid
An adult female in Geisel Library had 
trouble breathing and experienced 
abdominal pains. Transported to 
hospital.

Wednesday, Aug. 20
6:24 p.m.: Injury
An adult female fell off the rock 
climbing wall at the Canyonview 
pool, possibly suffering a back injury. 
San Diego Fire Department medics 
responded. 
6:37 p.m.: Domestic Violence 
Disturbance
Respondents found an adult male 
who was extremely angry over a 
breakup and had broken items and 
created holes in the walls. Stay Away 
Order issued.
9:47 p.m.: Suspicious Person
A subject was staring at the reporting 
party and her friend, making them 
feel uncomfortable. Report taken.

Tuesday, Sept. 2
10:45 a.m.: Vandalism
Unknown suspect(s) tore the 
bedroom window screen of an 
unoccupied Revelle apartment. 
Report taken. 
10:47 a.m.: Medical Aid
An adult female had a diabetic 
reaction in the Moores Cancer 
Center. Referred to other agency.
10:58 a.m.: Information
A vehicle had a smashed-out 
window in Lot 208. Information only.

Saturday, Sept. 6
5:39 p.m.: Suspicious Person
A subject was violent with Scripps 
Hospital security officers after being 
escorted off property for illegal 
lodging. Closed by adult arrest.
9:27 p.m.: Suspicious Person
An intoxicated female was yelling 
obscenities and threats at other 
people. Closed by adult arrest.
10:54 p.m.: Citizen Contact
Subjects put handcuffs on a person 
as a prank, then later realized they 
did not have the key to unlock them. 
Cancelled after dispatch.

Saturday, Sept. 13
4:44 a.m.: Prowler
A Cuzco House resident heard 
something move in the bushes 
outside the window. Quiet on arrival. 
9:42 a.m.: Assist Other Agency
San Diego Police officers requested 
gate access while responding to a 
call of a subject stuck on a cliff near 
Blacks Beach. Checks OK.
4:50 p.m.: Information
Human waste was found outside the 
men’s restroom in the Stein Clinical 
Research Building. Information only.

Thursday, Sept. 25
10:44 a.m.: Welfare Check 
A subject in a hospital gown was 
walking down the sidewalk near 
Regents Road. Checks OK.
4:36 p.m.: Bicyclist Stop 
Four to five males were on BMX 
bikes using handrails to perform 
tricks. Field interview administered. 

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

Affairs for multiple universities. 
Most recently, he held the position at 
University of Texas at Austin whose 
student population is over 50,000. 
There, he oversaw an annual operating 
budget of over $100 million and the 
annual distribution of $600 million in 
financial aid. 

Gonzalez earned his doctorate 
in educational psychology from the 
University of Illinois at Urbana-
Champaign, his master’s in bilingual-
bicultural education from the 
University of Texas at San Antonio 
and his bachelor’s in Latin American 
studies from Texas Tech University.

Elsewhere, the search for a new 
Vice Chancellor for Equity, Diversity 

& Inclusion commenced on Sept. 3. 
Vice Chancellor for Marine Studies 
Margaret Leinen is chairing the 
committee in charge of the search, 
will be begin reviewing candidates 
in October and will continue until 
the position is filled. 

VC for Marine Studies Will Oversee the Search for New VCEDI
▶ VCSA, from page 1

readers can contact
jacky to    j6to@ucsd.edu 

@UCSDGUARDIAN



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORLAUREN  KOAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Just last week, the UC Board of Regents granted pay raises of as much as 20 percent to sev-
eral  UC chancellors. And in light 
of recent financial reports stating 
that the University of California 
lacks the budget to improve aca-
demic quality as well as important 
undergraduate and graduate student 
issues, it’s hard to find these hefty 
pay raises acceptable. Instead of sig-
nificantly increasing the salaries of a 
few top-ranking executives, it would 
have benefited UC students more to 
see that money address faculty-to-
student ratios, overcrowded campus 
housing, outdated technology, trans-
portation subsidies, lower tuition 
and facility maintenance. 

We’re not under the naive 
impression that UC chancellors 
will not or should never receive 
pay raises, but increasing six-figure 
salaries by 20 percent is extreme. 
Additionally, offering a starting 
salary of more than $90,000 above 
their predecessors’ to a brand-
new chancellor, as in the case of 
UC Irvine, seems both excessive 
and desperate. UC President Janet 
Napolitano reasons that these 
exorbitant pay hikes are due to the 
fact that UC chancellors apparently 

have the lowest salaries among the 
62 leading research universities 
in the Association of American 
Universities. However, in reality, 
UC chancellors’ base salaries trail 
by just 7 percent on average when 
compared only to the public uni-
versities on that same list.

There’s no arguing that high 
compensation packages can attract 
top administrators, but indulging 
in an escalating salary competition 
sets a dangerous precedent for our 
process of securing future campus 
leaders. The regents justify the pay 
hike for the chancellors at the Irvine, 
Merced, Santa Cruz, Santa Barbara 
and Riverside campuses by citing 
the departure of the most immedi-
ate chancellor of UC Irvine Michael 
Drake last June. Drake had spent 
30 years working within the UC 
system before accepting his new 
position as president of Ohio State 
University with a base salary of 
$851,303, over double his previous 
salary at UC Irvine. The UC system 
would be fooling itself to attempt to 
compete as we cannot afford to pay 
each chancellor such steep salaries 
at all 10 of our campuses. It would 
be impossible for the UC system 
to keep up in a salary race without 

taking a serious financial toll on its 
students, faculty and staff.

Even though the UC system may 
be competing for world-class admin-
istrators from public and private 
colleges with more funding or larger 
endowments, it’s clear that we have 
still found excellent administrators 
who have proven that they are moti-
vated by more than pay. Our very 
own chancellor Pradeep Khosla took a 
$35,000 pay cut to come to UCSD and 
will now see a 4.8-percent increase in 
salary. This is still much less than the 
newly appointed UC Irvine chancel-
lor and lower than the annual salary 
and additional compensation Khosla 
received in 2010 from Carnegie 
Mellon University. Additionally, dur-
ing his time here, Khosla has shown 
notable fundraising efforts and suc-
cesses in increasing the amounts of 
scholarships for first-generation col-
lege students.

The UC system is a public uni-
versity system, and many of our 
campuses rank among the best in the 
country and the world. Our adminis-
trators’ salaries may not be the high-
est, but this does not mean our stel-
lar programs and universities cannot 
draw the right leaders who believe in 
our system’s values.

A.S. Does 
More Than 
Just Fund 
Pizza Parties

soren  nelson 
senelson@ucsd.edu

point of order

Whether you like it or not, the 
Associated Students and college 
councils have an effect on your 
day-to-day life here at UCSD. 
The students we elect have direct 
influence over a myriad of issues, 
ranging from transportation to the 
Sun God Festival. So why is it then 
that the average student at UCSD 
doesn’t care about A.S. Council?

It’s a problem that has long 
plagued the Associated Students 
and their counterparts in the col-
lege councils. As Revelle’s A.S. 
Senator last year, I remember sit-
ting through meetings that would 
go well into the night, arguing 
about something that the students 
we represented clearly didn’t care 
about — made evident by the rows 
of empty chairs behind us. 

The question deserves ask-
ing: Why don’t students care more 
about A.S. Council? Should they 
care? As I see it, the answer is no, 
but only because students haven’t 
been given a good reason to care. 

The student government that 
students see and hear about most is 
dysfunctional and dramatic at best. 
The UCSD Guardian’s weekly cover-
age is rarely more than an account 
of how the council got confused by 
its own bylaws and proceeded to 
argue about them until midnight. 
Students and administrators (who, 
by the way, watch Council much 
more closely than most students do) 
haven’t been given a good reason 
to keep up with Council affairs — 
because the A.S. Council that most 
people see and hear about isn’t the 
one that really matters.

There’s another side to A.S. 
Council that merits more attention 
than it receives — one that I believe 
would engage students more effec-
tively than the grandstanding that’s 
a hallmark of A.S. councilmembers 
(myself included). Hundreds of 
thousands of dollars are poured 
into enterprises, services and stu-
dent organizations every quarter. 
Student leaders spend an incredible 
amount of time off-council lob-
bying and working with UCSD’s 
administration to protect and pro-
vide for students. With few excep-
tions, most decisions — good and 
bad — were influenced by someone 
involved in A.S Council. If you 
belong to a student organization, 
ride the bus to school or have been 
to Sun God Festival, there’s a group 
of people in Council that have 
helped to make that possible. That’s 
the side of A.S. Council that people 
should care about.

A.S. Council is just the public 
face of an institution that is more 
influential and far-reaching than most 
students would guess. And though 
some may perceive Council as little 
more than a financier of pizza parties, 
it would be a mistake for anyone to 
think it ends there. UCSD’s admin-
istrators look to A.S. Council as the 
voice of the students. With or without 
the input of those that we represent, 
members of A.S. Council have and 
will continue to be the driving force of 
this campus. 

If the Council wants students to 
care about A.S. Council and what 
we do, we need to do a better job of 
showing people what we do and how 
different our campus would look if we 
stopped doing it. 

Recent UC Chancellor Pay Raises Are Excessive and Irresponsible 

Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Rachel Huang
MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
MANAGING EDITOR 

OPINION EDITOR

Charu Mehra
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

Gabriella Fleischman
NEWS EDITOR

Meryl Press
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Tina Butoiu
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

 
Aleksandra Konstantinovic

MULTIMEDIA EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice a week at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 

2014. Views expressed herein represent the majority 
vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those 

of the UC Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the 
members of the Guardian staff. 

Sun God on Trial

See SUN GOD, page 5

Ask any student on campus: There’s no event during the year that is larger, more spirited or longer awaited than our beloved Sun God 
Festival. There’s no better day to be a Triton, and no 
better day to see our campus spirit in full swing and 
bustling with life. But yet again, we have the fate of 
this year’s festival back on trial. 

Over the summer, UCSD’s Council of Deans and 
Council of Resident Deans endorsed a decision to 
indefinitely suspend Sun God Festival 2015, citing 
safety issues as some of their main concerns. It’s clear 
that changes need to be made; what we need as a 
campus is major reforms to the festival, not a com-
plete shutdown. 

Administrators’ concerns for student safety are not 
completely unwarranted, but we believe the event is 
still on the up and up and that our Sun God Festival 
is worth saving as a 32-year-old UCSD tradition. We 
agree that last year’s security staff had been poorly 
trained and that high levels of alcohol incidents are 
concerning — despite a ban on non-UCSD affiliates 
that went in place last year — but we’re confident 
that students and administrators can collaborate once 
again to execute change. 

When students were warned last year that Sun 
God Festival 2014 might be in jeopardy, students 
and administrators worked collectively to improve 
the festival with a stronger emphasis on safety. This 
resulted in a decision to eliminate tickets for guests — 
a group that had accounted for a significant amount 
of hospital visits in the past — alongside increasing 
security measures and educational campaigns prior 
to the festival. Students responded well when they 
became aware that guest tickets may be the bargain-
ing chip for the festival and these changes did draw 
improvement: Sun God Festival 2014 saw a decrease 
of hospitalizations, down to eight from 48 in 2013, as 
noted by the Sun God Health & Safety Task Force in 
its data reports.

Though there is still plenty of room for improve-
ment, successes from the efforts of A.S. Concerts and 
Events and last year’s Sun God Task Force should not 
be forgotten. Last year’s Task Force moved wristband 
registration online and created new requirements for 
students to attain a wristband with a barcode con-
nected to their PIDs. Before being eligible to reserve 

ILLUSTRATION BY SNIGHDHA PAUL

Though the event is in need of  major 
reforms, the Sun God Festival is a 32-year 
UCSD tradition that should be continued.



a ticket for Sun God Festival 2014, 
students were also required to pro-
vide emergency contact informa-
tion and to watch a video created 
to educate students on health and 
festival safety. 

That being said, last year’s video 
was a solid attempt but tried a bit 
too hard to appeal to festivalgoers’ 
emotions, leaving some aspects of 
the video unfocused and lacking 
some crucial information for stu-
dents planning to attend the con-
certs. Direct educational campaigns 
are still the best ways to reach out 
to students, and the Task Force’s 
implemented video requirement 
could have been an excellent ave-

nue to impact nearly 20,000 student 
attendees. To make the video effec-
tive, however, the content will need 
to change. A video with an empha-
sis on safe transportation methods 
and student resources would be the 
most successful strategy to improve 
student health and safety during 
not only the day of the festival, but 
any day of the year. 

We’re optimistic that our festival 
can change, but also firm in the 
belief that the Council of Resident 
Deans’ report wrongfully references 
Ricky Ambriz as a reason to cancel 
the event. This is not only unjusti-
fied, but also inappropriate. Ambriz 
should be kept out of any discus-
sion determining the fate of Sun 
God Festival 2015, out of respect 

for his death, but also because 
the San Diego County Medical 
Examiner’s office confirmed that 
Ambriz died of an accidental drug 
overdose which isn’t necessarily 
directly tied to the festival. 

Last summer, administrators 
pulled a sneak attack by removing 
Graffiti Hall without student input 
or any notice. It goes without say-
ing that UCSD students will not 
respond well if this happens to our 
Sun God Festival. UCSD students 
can’t afford to lose another campus 
tradition nor any more of the min-
iscule amount of campus spirit that 
we have. While the festival’s fate 
is being determined, you can bet 
that we’ve got our eyes and ears all 
over it.

O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

SOLVE FOR X By Philip Jia

Festival Policies Should Emphasize Health and Safety Resources

LETTER  FROM  THE  EDITOR

Dear Readers,
As autumn hits our La Jolla 

campus, high school seniors 
become new Tritons, the euca-
lyptus leaves go from green to ... 
well, green and the rest of us fall 
into the routine that is fall quarter. 
UCSD will undoubtedly be faced 
with a number of new successes, 
challenges and changes, and it is 
my honor to continue at the helm 
of the UCSD Guardian and work 
to provide you with timely and rel-
evant news and coverage about our 
university and the surrounding San 
Diego area.

We’ve always reserved this 
space for comments and concerns 
from the UCSD community (and 
beyond), and this year is no differ-
ent. We truly value feedback from 
our readership, as it allows us to 
tweak what we do best: serve your 
needs and news consumption. I 
invite everyone within reach of this 
letter to send us your own letter 
to the editor and let us know how 
we’re doing. As the student journal-
ists of the Guardian, we work for 
YOU and hope that you’ll engage 
us as the year progresses.

This summer saw a sizable 
number of changes to campus, 
ranging from the topical (a new 
bus depot and new administrators) 
to the behind-the-scenes changes 
(the new UC system’s sexual assault 
policy and the recently signed “Yes 
means Yes” bill that will affect all 
state schools). As our campus con-
tinues to adjust to new times and 
personnel, it’s important to us that 
our readership is able to critically 
assess the goings-on around here 
and be heard on a universitywide 
level. The Guardian has, since 1967, 
been the student voice on campus 

and we hope we can continue to 
provide a space for your thoughts 
on these pages.

The Guardian itself is working 
on expanding our breaking news 
coverage as well as various aspects 
on our website. It has always been 
our mission to bring you news as 
we receive it, and new develop-
ments with our website will allow 
us to be faster and more relevant 
to events on and around campus as 
they happen. Each story has a com-
ments section at the bottom and, 
under my leadership, we will never 
disable that function. While we will 
ask that website comments remain 
civil and productive to healthy, 
online conversation, we welcome 
comments from readers with any 
and all viewpoints.

And finally, a strong operation 
like the Guardian relies on the 
hard work and energy from a team 
of dedicated students on campus. 
Our writers, photographers, art-
ists and multimedia staff are in 
the residence halls with you, take 
midterms with you and ride the 
bus with you (now for free with 
the new U-Pass!). Each quarter, 
we open applications for all UCSD 
students to join our team and 
help continue to keep our campus 
informed. I look forward to person-
ally reviewing every application we 
receive this fall, and I hope you’ll 
consider joining the Guardian 
Crew.

My inbox is always open at edi-
tor@ucsdguardian.org, and you 
can also reach our Opinion Editor, 
Lauren Koa, at opinion@ucsd-
guardian.org.

I wish all of our readers an 
enjoyable Welcome Week and hope 
that Fall Quarter 2014 is a success-
ful one for UCSD students and the 
university as a whole.

— Zev Hurwitz
 Editor in Chief

Your Voices Matter, and 
We Want to Hear Them

▶ SUN GOD, from page 4

GOT ISSUES?

BE HEARD
BY YOUR PEERS!

SEND YOUR 
LETTERS TO

OPINION@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US 
ON TWITTER

Real Student Journalism.
Write. Design. Photograph. 

The Guardian
Illustrate. Advertise. Video. 

Info Session - Free Pizza!

Friday, Oct. 10th
at 5pm

Find us on the 2nd Floor of the 
Old Student Center

www.ucsdguardian.org/jobs
Join our award-winning staff today!



A&E EDITOR // JACQUELINE KIM 
ENTERTAINMENT@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

ARTS | FOOD & DRINK | MOVIES & TV | MUSIC | THINGS TO DO

WEEKEND
New to the Tube

Now that “How I Met Your Mother” is over, you’re probably on the lookout for your next favorite series. We’ve boiled down network TV’s “good” 
shows that can fill that missing hole in your heart, “bad” series you’ll want to avoid and “(possibly) ugly” ones that can go either way.

The Good The  Bad
The Flash

A spinoff of the hit superhero TV series 
“Arrow,” “The Flash” captures the adventures 
of geeky detective-turned-superhero Barry 
Allen (Grant Gustin). With the considerable 
success that “Arrow” has brought to the 
CW, “The Flash” is expected to be nothing 
less than its predecessor, especially in terms 

of high-quality special effects. There are several riveting storylines in store that parallel the 
genuine nature of the comic book series, such as the truth behind the death of Allen’s mother, a 
host of other supervillain battles and a possible romance with Iris West (Candice Patton). With 
a charming ensemble to top it off — “The Flash” was created because of Gustin’s charismatic 
portrayal on “Arrow” — there’s no telling what comedic, dorky moments that simultaneously 
keep close to the intense, dramatic tone of “Arrow” will run across our screens this season.

—      CHRISTIAN  GELLA
 STAFF WRITER

Airs Tuesdays at 8 p.m. on The 
CW starting Oct. 7.

Gotham

Like Marvel’s “Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.,” “Gotham” 
is the DC Comics franchise’s attempt to recreate 
the success of its films (in this case, the recent 
Batman trilogy) on television. While it won’t 
feature any heroics by the caped crusader himself, 
“Gotham” focuses on the relationship between 
a young Bruce Wayne (David Mazouz) and 

Commissioner Gordon (Ben McKenzie). Using the flavorful setting of Gotham City (an aspect critically 
lacking in its Marvel counterpart), “Gotham” aims to cross Gordon’s path with the origin stories of many 
DC villains, including The Riddler (Cory Michael Smith) and The Penguin (Robin Taylor). Even for 
non-comic books fans, the show should stand on its own as a brooding detective tale with a solid cast of 
actors. With McKenzie in the lead as Gordon, vastly improved thanks to his transition from “The O.C.” to 
“Southland,” the forbidding streets of “Gotham” should be a perfect accompaniment to the bleakness of fall.

—      dieter  joubert
 senior STAFF WRITER

Airs Mondays at 8 p.m. on The 
CW starting Sept. 22.

How to Get Away with Murder
In a move from the big screen to the tube, Academy Award nominee Viola Davis (“The Help”) stars as 

a hard-hitting law professor, Annalise Keating, that teaches her students about the law by forcing them to 
break it in the new hit drama, “How to Get Away with Murder.” The morally corrupt Keating is an intrigu-
ing character that will do anything and use anyone, including her own students, to win her cases. She 
takes her pupils out of the classroom and into the courtroom in order for them to learn first-hand how she 
morphs the law in her favor. Under extreme pressure to show their worth, Keating’s students are willing to 
go to any means to help their professor. A show so drenched with questionable characters will keep viewers 
waiting in anticipation to see if there is any line that Keating and her students are not willing to cross. With 
Davis’ exceptional performance and characters so ethically twisted, audiences will be drawn to follow this 
suspenseful series into a guaranteed second season.

—      devon  munos
 STAFF WRITER

Airs Thursdays at 10 p.m. on ABC starting Sept. 25.

Maggie Q plays your typical cop role: a 
smart, no-nonsense lieutenant with a secretive 
past.  Except instead of tracking down your 
average everyday murderers, Beth Davis 
specializes in dealing with voyeuristic stalkers 
who terrorize the civilian population of L.A. 
Her foil is a smart aleck detective named Jack 

Larsen (Dylan McDermott), who is obviously meant to create tension between the two characters 
but only to become a predictable love interest later on. Thus, the show looks like a rehash of any 
other procedural like “Castle,” which was barely fresh then and is completely overdone now. On 
top of that, the show feels overly dramatic and could stand to lighten up. A sincere apology to 
“Stalker” if this is a gross misreading of the story arc, but it seems doubtful. Take some advice and 
check out reruns instead because it does not look like there’s anything new here. 

—      tynan  yanaga
 contributing WRITER

Jane the Virgin

Yes, that’s right. This show is really called 
“Jane the Virgin,” and it’s no joke. Or maybe it 
is. Taken at face value, there is barely enough 
potential for a cheesy chick flick, much less 
a syndicated TV comedy. Jane comes from 
a culture where virginity is a precious thing, 
and she learns not to forget it. However, one 

day, a nurse makes a horrible mistake and Jane ends up artificially inseminated. It’s an everyday 
occurrence, right? It sounds utterly ridiculous and extremely contrived, but if Gina Rodriguez 
can create a character who will act as the emotional anchor of this show, it just might work. 
There is possibly enough tension and awkwardness to make something out of very little, if only 
a few laughs’ worth. Otherwise, “Jane” will fall flat on its face, and no gimmick can save the 
show then.

—      tynan  yanaga
 contributing WRITER

Manhattan Love Story
In an overly stereotypical fashion, “Manhattan Love Story” is a train wreck of a romantic comedy 

stretched throughout an entire television season for your personal boredom. ABC’s new drama features 
young, horny Peter (Jake McDorman) who meets the overly emotional, purse-obsessed Dana (Analeigh 
Tipton). Despite a horrific first date, their dull characters try again. Oh, and as a special twist, the audience 
can hear all of the main characters’ obvious thoughts! You might hope that they have an interesting inner 
monologue that offers a look into the perspective of the opposite sex, or perhaps the writers are witty and 
the comedy offered through the main character’s insight is hilarious? No, sorry. Don’t bother watching 
because the flat pilot has nothing more to offer. It might be more entertaining to watch this show on mute 
and guess what the characters are saying yourself — we’ll guarantee you will get at least 90 percent right. 

—      devon  munos
 STAFF WRITER

Airs Tuesdays at 8:30 p.m. on ABC starting Sept. 30.

PHOTO COURTESY OF FLICKOUT

PHOTO COURTESY OF HOLLYWOOD REPORTER

PHOTO COURTESY OF NEWSLOCKER

PHOTO COURTESY OF RETURN DATES



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

New to the Tube
Now that “How I Met Your Mother” is over, you’re probably on the lookout for your next favorite series. We’ve boiled down network TV’s “good” 

shows that can fill that missing hole in your heart, “bad” series you’ll want to avoid and “(possibly) ugly” ones that can go either way.

The  Bad The (Possibly) Ugly
Stalker

Maggie Q plays your typical cop role: a 
smart, no-nonsense lieutenant with a secretive 
past.  Except instead of tracking down your 
average everyday murderers, Beth Davis 
specializes in dealing with voyeuristic stalkers 
who terrorize the civilian population of L.A. 
Her foil is a smart aleck detective named Jack 

Larsen (Dylan McDermott), who is obviously meant to create tension between the two characters 
but only to become a predictable love interest later on. Thus, the show looks like a rehash of any 
other procedural like “Castle,” which was barely fresh then and is completely overdone now. On 
top of that, the show feels overly dramatic and could stand to lighten up. A sincere apology to 
“Stalker” if this is a gross misreading of the story arc, but it seems doubtful. Take some advice and 
check out reruns instead because it does not look like there’s anything new here. 

—      tynan  yanaga
 contributing WRITER

Airs Wednesdays at 10 p.m. on 
CBS starting Oct. 1.

Jane the Virgin

Yes, that’s right. This show is really called 
“Jane the Virgin,” and it’s no joke. Or maybe it 
is. Taken at face value, there is barely enough 
potential for a cheesy chick flick, much less 
a syndicated TV comedy. Jane comes from 
a culture where virginity is a precious thing, 
and she learns not to forget it. However, one 

day, a nurse makes a horrible mistake and Jane ends up artificially inseminated. It’s an everyday 
occurrence, right? It sounds utterly ridiculous and extremely contrived, but if Gina Rodriguez 
can create a character who will act as the emotional anchor of this show, it just might work. 
There is possibly enough tension and awkwardness to make something out of very little, if only 
a few laughs’ worth. Otherwise, “Jane” will fall flat on its face, and no gimmick can save the 
show then.

—      tynan  yanaga
 contributing WRITER

Airs Mondays at 9 p.m. on The 
CW starting Oct.13.

Manhattan Love Story
In an overly stereotypical fashion, “Manhattan Love Story” is a train wreck of a romantic comedy 

stretched throughout an entire television season for your personal boredom. ABC’s new drama features 
young, horny Peter (Jake McDorman) who meets the overly emotional, purse-obsessed Dana (Analeigh 
Tipton). Despite a horrific first date, their dull characters try again. Oh, and as a special twist, the audience 
can hear all of the main characters’ obvious thoughts! You might hope that they have an interesting inner 
monologue that offers a look into the perspective of the opposite sex, or perhaps the writers are witty and 
the comedy offered through the main character’s insight is hilarious? No, sorry. Don’t bother watching 
because the flat pilot has nothing more to offer. It might be more entertaining to watch this show on mute 
and guess what the characters are saying yourself — we’ll guarantee you will get at least 90 percent right. 

—      devon  munos
 STAFF WRITER

Airs Tuesdays at 8:30 p.m. on ABC starting Sept. 30.

A to Z

At first glance, the premise of “A to Z” may 
look like the antidote to those who are still 
tragically mourning the nonsensical finale of 
“How I Met Your Mother.” It stars The Girl 
With the Yellow Umbrella herself (Cristin 
Milioti) and relies on a similar framing device. 
But in the pilot, the show already seems in 
danger of drowning in romantic cliches that 

would fit better in a film than a television show. “A to Z” chronicles the relationship between 
a hopeless romantic, Andrew (Ben Feldman), who works at an internet dating site, and an 
ambitious, no-nonsense lawyer named Zelda (Milioti). The show tells us that their relationship 
will last eight months, three weeks, five days and one hour. Already, the chosen narrative is 
clever (think “500 Days of Summer”), but the show’s dependence on clichés, such as destiny 
and second chances, are bland enough to mask the charming chemistry between its two leads.

—      Salena Quach
A&E Associate editor

Airs Thursdays at 9:30 p.m. on 
NBC starting Oct. 2.

Mulaney

On paper, “Mulaney” sounds like a classic 
in the making, giving stand-up comedian 
extraordinaire (and creator of SNL’s “Stefon”) 
John Mulaney the chance to work his hilarity 
with the likes of Martin Short and Nasim 
Pedrad. And yet, the previews so far have been, 
well, disheartening: “Seinfeld”-esque stand-

up bits are smashed together with bland, slapstick segments seemingly unrelated to any central 
theme. Louis C.K.’s “Louie” has proven that it’s possible to transition from stand-up to TV in a 
post-”Seinfeld” TV landscape. But “Mulaney” offers nothing new to the genre, with its namesake 
abandoning his wry yet congenial voice for the persona of just another cynical, middle-class New 
Yorker. Perhaps, like “Parks and Recreation,” this show simply requires a rocky first season to sort 
itself out, but for now, it’s hard to recommend to anybody but diehard fans of Mr. Mulaney.

—      dieter  joubert
 senior STAFF WRITER

Airs Sundays at 9:30 p.m. on Fox 
starting Oct. 5.

Selfie

Based on “My Fair Lady,” “Selfie” is ABC’s attempt to speak on contemporary issues in 
social media. The premise is simple: Self-absorbed Eliza Dooley (Karen Gillan) realizes how 
superficial her life is when her supposed “friends” aren’t exactly what they seem. Desperate to 
re-brand her image, Dooley enlists the help of Henry Higgs (John Cho). The major flaw of this 
pilot is that it seems like it’s only enough to shell out a single season. However, the cast makes 
up for this with their great comedic synergy that plays on the polarization between free-spirited 
Eliza’s lack of social graces and Henry’s stoic persistence in tandem with modern pop culture 
quips. There seems to be enough to pull this show into an arc for character development, 
but the writers need to know what direction they’re taking with sub-plots before the premise 
begins to stale.

—      christian  gella
 STAFF WRITER

Airs Tuesdays at 8 p.m. on ABC starting Sept. 30.

PHOTO COURTESY OF ABC7CHICAGO

PHOTO COURTESY OF NPR



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

UC SAN DIEGO
   TASTE SILK & SAY

‘GOODBYE MILK’

HEY

TRY SILK TODAY IN THE VAUGHN 
VARGUS DINING HALL FOR THE 

CHANCE TO WIN A 
$1,000 GIFT CARD 

& OTHER WEEKLY PRIZES. 

taste challenge
sweepstakes

To enter follow @LoveMySilk on Twitter and 
tweet at us about your Silk experience using 

#TasteSilkUCSD and #SweepsEntry.

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. Open to legal residents of the 50 United States (and D.C.), 18 (or the age of majority in your 
jurisdiction, whichever is greater) and older who are enrolled at a participating university at the time of entry, who hold a meal plan at their university 
and are enrolled in such meal plan prior to learning of this Promotion, and are not required by their university to purchase a meal plan. Begins 
12:00 AM ET 08/11/14 and ends 11:59:59 PM ET 10/17/14. For governing Offi cial Rules, including entry limits, odds, and weekly prize/grand prize 
descriptions and restrictions, visit TasteSilkChallenge.com. Sponsor: WWF Operating Company, 12002 Airport Way, Broomfi eld, CO 80021

Reading Out 
Against Book 
Banning
BY SOUMYA KURNOOL 
ASSOCIATE FEATURES EDITOR

Book banning is still a perti-nent issue and is not simply buried in the annals of his-
tory, as literary classics such as Toni 
Morrison’s “Beloved” and Harper 
Lee’s “To Kill a Mockingbird” are 
still frequently challenged today. 
This week, UCSD Library is bringing 
the American Library Association’s 
National Banned Books Week to 
campus with a readout event and 
film screening.

Business Librarian Adele Barsh 
is organizing this first ever readout 

event in front of Geisel Library on 
Oct. 1 from 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. 
A screening of the film adaptation 
of Ray Bradbury’s “Fahrenheit 451” 
will also take place tomorrow at 5:30 
p.m. in the Seuss Room in the Geisel 
Library. Free copies of the book will 
be provided to those in attendance. 

The readout event in particu-
lar was inspired by UCSD librarian 
Alanna Aiko Moore’s experiences in 
similar events held by other librar-
ies. The event will consist of stu-
dents and faculty reading excerpts 

from their favorite banned and 
challenged books and explaining 
why they chose those books. These 
books have been challenged by com-
munity members or banned legally, 
deemed “obscene or libelous.” The 
Library will provide some banned 
books on site for people to read 
aloud, though independent sugges-
tions are welcome.

“There’s a critical mass of people 
who get together across the country 
in different types of libraries that do 
this sort of readout to commemorate 

[the importance of] access to this 
kind of information,” Barsh said. 
“We want to reiterate that we are in 
favor of access to offensive informa-
tion and offensive viewpoints.”

Students and faculty can sign 
up in advance for a specific time 
slot on the Library Banned Books 
Week event website or submit vid-
eos of their readouts through the 
site if they cannot attend. Barsh also 
ensures that there will be white-
boards available for students to write 
down their thoughts and discuss the 

issues of intellectual freedom with-
out the pressures of public speaking. 

Geisel Library will also host a 
number of exhibits that touch on the 
history of banning books and some 
notable examples, including chal-
lenged graphic novels and banned 
books that have been converted to 
movies. These can be found in the 
2nd floor West Wing until the end 
of October. The Biomedical Library 
will also carry an exhibit on the 
issue of censorship.

Librarian Adele Barsh discusses UCSD Library’s Banned Books 
Week event at Geisel Library on Oct. 1 and its goal of raising 

awareness about censorship and intellectual freedom.

See BOOKS, page 10

PHOTOS BY KIM GARCIA

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSYDN EY  RECKfeatures@ucsdguardian.org



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

All youneed toknowﬁts
right inyourpocket.

pocket-sized

Take the latestSanDiegonews,sports&entertainment everywhereyougo.

Digital accessonly99centsaweek for theﬁrst fourweeks!
visitutsandiego.com/UCSDofferorcall1-866-317-1560

*Displayed ratesareperweek&subject to a4-weekminimum.Introductory rate is99centsperweek for theﬁrst fourweeksof subscription.Digital only rateof$3.49aweekwill applyafter the4week introductory rate.

 

TMC 198: TMC/CREATE PARTNERSHIP SCHOOLS PROGRAM 

ERC 89: ERC/CREATE MATH TUTOR CORPS    

CONT 150A: COLLEGE ACADEMIC MENTORING PROGRAM (CAMP) 

 

Give Back, Earn Credit 
SECONDARY SCHOOL MENTORING + TUTORING PROGRAMS Open to ALL UCSD students | Transportation will be available To learn more about each program, visit:  http://create.ucsd.edu/opportunities 

Promote college access by serving as a mentor to local high school students. Gain tools and training 
through a weekly seminar.  
Contact: camp@ucsd.edu 

Support academic achievement by providing math tutoring to students at Lincoln High School. Gain 
training by veteran math educators through a bi-weekly seminar.  

Contact: mathtutorcorps@ucsd.edu 

Serve as tutors, mentors, and positive role models to first-generation college-bound youth at UCSD  
partnership charter schools: The Preuss School and Gompers Preparatory Academy.  

Contact: partnershipschools@ucsd.edu  

Train Your Brain for
Optimum Performance

Brain Mapping

Brain Training

• Do you want to improve your focus and raise your GPA?
• Do you suffer from test anxiety?
• Are you looking for a better way to retain information?
• Stress management?  Information overload?

You Can Do Better
Neurofeedback can help!

Contact: Michael Villanueva, Ph.D.
Clinical Director, Alpha Theta Center

11230 Sorrento Valley Road • 858 952 7660

www.alphathetacenter.com

#OMG 
#LIKE US
#FOLLOW US
@ucsdguardian

PHOTOS BY KIM GARCIA

Follow us on Twitter

@ucsdguardian



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

P
H

O
TO

S
 FR

O
M

 D
A

V
ID

 K
LE

IN
FE

LD
 A

N
D

 B
R

E
N

D
A

 B
LO

O
D

G
O

O
D

UCSD, the No. 2 graduate school 
for neuroscience in the country — 
second only to Stanford University 
according to the 2014 U.S. News & 
World Report — is now officially 
funded by the President in some of 
its neuroscience research.

As part of President Obama’s 
Brain Research through Advancing 
Innovative Neurotechnologies 
Initiative, four UCSD faculty mem-
bers received grants of $300,000 
each, to be paid over a period of two 
years, on Aug. 18. Physics professor 
David Kleinfeld, assistant professor 
of biology Brenda Bloodgood, assis-
tant professor of cognitive science 
Andrea Chiba and adjunct profes-
sor of pharmacology Charles Stevens 
were among 36 scientists across the 
nation to receive the grants.

The aim of the BRAIN Initiative 
is to promote research projects that 
will generate a better understanding 
of how the brain functions in a vari-
ety of different organisms.

These grants, called EAGER for 
Early Concept Grants for Exploratory 

Research, were funded by Obama’s 
BRAIN Initiative and distributed by 
the National Science Foundation.

“The nice thing about the 
[EAGER] grants is that they’re fund-
ing projects that are fairly young in 
this maturation stage,” Bloodgood 
told the UCSD Guardian. “The orga-
nizational hope is that some fraction 
of them will actually work.”

In Bloodgood’s project, “A Novel 
Toolkit for Imaging Transcription 
in vivo,” the goal is the complete 
generation of fluorescent molecule 
“reporters” that can detect active 
protein transcription factors within 
the brain.

“We are looking in neurons,” 
Bloodgood said. “The reporters 
themselves are going to be made 
based on these molecular scaffolds 
that we’re developing, and then 
these molecular scaffolds can be 
engineered to recognize any protein 
of our choosing.”

Bloodgood attributes the inspira-
tion for her project to a series of con-
cept brainstorming sessions host-
ed by the UCSD Center for Brain 
Activity Mapping and the Kavli 
Institute for Brain and Mind. In 
these sessions, she met her collabo-

rator Geoffrey Chang, a professor at 
the Skaggs School of Pharmacy and 
Pharmaceutical Sciences.

“The whole field [of biology] is 
plagued by an inability to moni-
tor these proteins in live cells, in 
real time and in behaving animals,” 
Bloodgood said. “So I’ve been, in the 
back of my mind, just trying to keep 
my ears open to possible new ideas.”

But the application of these new 
ideas, she points out, is a long and 
difficult problem-solving process.

“It’s definitely not like in the 
movies, unfortunately,” Bloodgood 
said. ”You’re engaged with a prob-
lem for a long time and as you think 
about it more, you realize possi-
bilities and limitations. It really is 
an iterative process of starting and 
stopping and restarting before you 
actually solve the problem.”

Currently, Bloodgood and Chang 
are working on the physical devel-
opment of the molecular scaffolds. 
She hopes to make progress on this 
development by the end of this year.

Kleinfeld, another EAGER recip-
ient, names motor control as the 
focus of his project “Closed Loop 
Computing in the Brainstem.” 

“All of sensation is active,” 

Kleinfeld said. “We’re looking at the 
control of motion guided by sensory 
input at the lowest possible level.”

The brainstem, a connective 
structure that joins the brain to the 
spinal cord, has the lowest level of 
motor control because the number 
of connections between incoming 
sensory information and neurons is 
at a minimum, he said. 

The main idea of the project is 
to work backward from the neu-
ral reactions in the brainstem to 
determine the source of the body’s 
control of movement. This is done 
through the examination of the 
movements of mice and rats, whose 
natural inclination to explore their 
surroundings prompted the idea for 
the project.

“It was a question of where the 
motor control is, where it was much 
like the oscillator of a clock that 
was driving the whiskers back and 
forth,” Kleinfeld said. “We found 
this nucleus that generates the motor 
pattern, and ... it opened our eyes to 
the organization of how [the begin-
nings] of motor action are formed.”

Like Bloodgood, Kleinfeld 
acknowledges that his grant-winning 
project did not unfold overnight.

“Science doesn’t work the way 
they tell you in school,” he said. “It’s 
not like you sit in the library and 
have a great idea ... After maybe half 
a year’s worth of more experimen-
tation, we were finally able to put 
together a hypothesis and gather a 
little more data.”

Collaborators on Kleinfeld’s proj-
ect include UCSD graduate student 
Jeff Moore, Salk Institute professor 
of molecular neurobiology Martyn 
Goulding and Martin Deschenes of 
Laval University in Canada. They 
are currently in the testing stage of 
the project, using ultrathin wires and 
optical fibers to monitor the brain 
activity of the mice and rats.

Kleinfeld maintains that success 
in this project necessitates teamwork 
spanning a variety of disciplines.

“This is beyond one person,” 
Kleinfeld said. “It takes a couple 
people getting together, not neces-
sarily in a lab at the same time, 
but committing resources and skills. 
This is not a little one-lab project. 
Many people contributed to making 
this possible.”

The Brains Behind BRAIN
UCSD Professor David Kleinfeld and Assistant Professor Brenda Bloodgood discuss their 

respective projects after winning concept grants for brain research as part of a national initiative. 

According to Barsh, public and 
school libraries are subject to more 
challenges from taxpayers and con-
cerned parents than are academic 
libraries such as UCSD Library that 
have a tradition of protecting vari-
ous voices and viewpoints. 

Barsh first encountered chal-
lenged books in junior high, when 
she went to the library and checked 
out “Go Ask Alice” by Anonymous, a 
70s coming of age novel dealing with 
the “deep and dark issues” of suicide 
and overdose. When she found out 
that the book was being challenged 
and that the librarian was consider-
ing removing it from the collection, 
Barsh couldn’t help but question the 
mentality of book banners. 

“[After reading the book] I 
couldn’t believe why would people 
want to censor this,” Barsh said. “I 
thought I could handle it. I thought, 
‘Why would you think I couldn’t 
handle this?’”

Barsh now sees book banning 
and censorship as a cycle of contro-
versial issues through the decades. 
Though American readers are not 
as scandalized by homosexual imag-

ery, war imagery and even vampires 
as they were in the early 1900s, 
she notes that there are new issues 
such as American foreign policy and 
political views that strike a sensitive 
nerve in the public.

“Because people are still trying to 
figure out their opinions [on these 
issues] and what we should believe 
and what we shouldn’t believe, cen-
sorship and banning books is still 
alive,” Barsh said.

As a librarian, Barsh acknowl-
edges the complexity in providing 
intellectual freedom, especially 
when building book collections.

“A lot of times, we want to look 
at [developing collections] as black 
and white and to try to find the right 
way to do things,” Barsh said. “But in 
terms of making information avail-
able, there is a lot of grey area and a 
lot of complexity in our world. We 
need to build our collection and make 
things available so we can reflect 
that. That way, students, faculty and 
researchers have access to everything 
to grow and progress and thrive as an 
educational institution.”

readers can contact
soumya kurnool    skurnool@ucsd.edu 

▶ BOOKS, from page 8

UCSD Library Maintains the Importance of  Protecting Controversial and Offensive Viewpoints

BY    Syd n ey Reck
Features Editor

readers can contact
sydney reck    sreck@ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY KIM GARCIA



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

www.SiebelScholars.com

BIOENGINEERING
JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY 
CENTER FOR BIOENGINEERING
Mustafa Mert Ankarali
Iraj Hosseini
Carmen Kut
Joel Sunshine
Tuo Zhao

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE 
OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF BIOLOGICAL ENGINEERING

Josephine Bagnall
Isaac Alexander Chaim
Jing Ge
Rebecca Lescarbeau
Alec Nielsen

STANFORD UNIVERSITY 
DEPARTMENT OF BIOENGINEERING
Cheen Euong Ang
Miriam Gutschow
Shrivats Iyer
Kathy Wei
Yuan Yao

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, BERKELEY 
DEPARTMENT OF BIOENGINEERING
Sergey Boyarskiy
Wen-Chin Huang
Sophie Wong
Erh-Chia Yeh
Bo Zheng

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
DEPARTMENT OF BIOENGINEERING
Begoña Álvarez-González
Ronnie Fang
Todd Johnson
Sophia Suarez
Hermes Taylor-Weiner

BUSINESS
UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO
BOOTH SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
Lee Ettleman
Ali Khachan
Solomon Lee
Anna Pione
Neha Poddar

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE 
OF TECHNOLOGY
SLOAN SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT
Samuel Clark
Zachary Gil Freeman
Kevin Geehr
Christine Elizabeth Leach
Alexandra Wright

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
KELLOGG SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT
Jose Kunnackal
Katherine Rehberger
Joshua Reilly 
Ryan Shain
Christen Tingley

STANFORD UNIVERSITY 
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
Kelly Alverson
Elizabeth Bird
Peter Scott Nurnberg
Javier Ortega Del Rio
Sagar Sanghvi

COMPUTER SCIENCE
CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY 
SCHOOL OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Joydeep Biswas
Anca Dragan
Anirudh Viswanathan
Pengtao Xie
Adams Wei Yu

HARVARD UNIVERSITY 
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Nathaniel John Herman
Daniel Margo
Kevin Schmid
Yakun Sophia Shao
Stephen John Tarsa

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE 
OF TECHNOLOGY 
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Madeline Blair Aby
Polina Binder
Max Dunitz
Esther Han Beol Jang
Benoit Landry

PRINCETON UNIVERSITY
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Xiaozhou Li
Taewook Oh
Thiago Pereira
Omri Weinstein
Peter Zimmerman

STANFORD UNIVERSITY
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Michael Fitzpatrick
Hee Woo Jun
Ian Tenney
Mark Ulrich
Ding Zhao

TSINGHUA UNIVERSITY 
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Jun Hu
Yu Jiang
Lian Wang
Yang You 
Yongfeng Zhang

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, BERKELEY
COMPUTER SCIENCE DIVISION
Matthew Fong 
Henry Lu
Xinchen Ye

UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS
AT URBANA-CHAMPAIGN 
DEPARTMENT OF COMPUTER SCIENCE
Amirhossein Aleyasen
Lamyaa Eloussi
Gourav Khaneja
Jereme Lamps
Mayank Pundir

The Siebel Scholars program recognizes the most talented graduate 
students in business, computer science, and bioengineering. Each 
year, 85 are named Siebel Scholars based on academic excellence and 
leadership, and join an active, lifelong community among an ever-growing 
group of leaders.  We are pleased to recognize this year’s Siebel Scholars.  

Siebel Scholars Class of 2015
Congratulations 



12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

11AM-2PM OPEN HOUSE PRICE CENTER
COLLECT STAMPS TO WIN PRIZES!

Join forces with the superheroes of price center! 
The more stops you visit, the more chances you have  

TO WIN SUPER RAFFLE PRIZES!

SUPER FOOD
SPECIALS
11AM - 2PM
WHILE SUPPLIES LAST

PRICE CENTER PLAZA
DOORS: 8:30PM SHOW: 9PM

FREE FOR UCSD STUDENTS ONLY

Graffiti
ART Park

Graffiti
ART Park

Graffiti
ART Park

MONDAY, OCT. 13

GRAND
OPENING

artpark.ucsd.edu

PORTER’S
PUB

MANDEVILLE

STUDENT
CENTER B

GOT ISSUES?

BE HEARD
BY YOUR PEERS!

SEND YOUR 
LETTERS TO

OPINION@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US 
ON TWITTER

Real Student Journalism.
Write. Design. Photograph. 

The Guardian
Illustrate. Advertise. Video. 

Info Session - Free Pizza!

Friday, Oct. 10th
at 5pm

Find us on the 2nd Floor of the 
Old Student Center

www.ucsdguardian.org/jobs
Join our award-winning staff today!



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  13

A haiku about studying
for the LSAT:

No no no no no
No no no no don’t want to
No no no no no

BLUEPRINT CAN HELP.
888-4-BP-PREP
blueprintlsat.com

Fall classes in San Diego to prep for the
December LSAT start September 27.
Register with the code “BPFALL” for a
$100 discount on a live course!

The Memphis Grizzlies will hold 
training camps at RIMAC Arena 
from Sept. 30 to Oct. 3 in prepara-
tion for the upcoming NBA season. 

This marks the first time the 
Grizzlies will have training camp 
on the West Coast, after previ-
ously holding camps at Nashville, 
Birmingham and Spain in 2013, 2009 
and 2007, respectively. 

However, the decision to prac-
tice in La Jolla is not random; the 
Grizzlies’ principal team owner 
Robert J. Pera is a UCSD graduate. 
Before becoming one of the youngest 
billionaires in the world, 34-year-old 
Pera earned both his bachelor’s and 
master’s degrees in electrical engi-
neering from UCSD. 

The Grizzlies feature one of the 
NBA’s top big man combos with 
center Marc Gasol and forward Zach 

Randolph. The duo led the team to 
a 50–32 record and a No. 7 playoff 
seed last season. However, Memphis 
was ousted in the first round of the 
postseason by the Oklahoma City 
Thunder in a close seven-game series 
that resulted in four overtime games.  

In the hopes of making another 
playoff appearance in the competitive 
Western Conference, the Grizzlies 
added more depth to their roster this 
offseason, signing 17-year veteran 
Vince Carter, 2008 No. 2 overall pick 
Michael Beasley and drafting rookie 
forward Jordan Adams from UCLA. 

RIMAC is presenting itself as a 
popular destination for NBA teams 
and players, as this marks the third 
consecutive year in which UCSD 
has hosted an NBA team for train-
ing camp, with the Phoenix Suns in 
2012 and the Los Angeles Clippers 
just last year. 

Additionally, Clippers guard 
Chris Paul held his annual West 
Coast Youth Basketball Camp this 

past June, while Cleveland Cavalier 
forward LeBron James had his own 
youth basketball summer camps at 
RIMAC from 2009 to 2011.

With players and coaches on such 
professional levels consistently turn-
ing to UCSD’s facilities to host their 
basketball events, the Tritons them-
selves hope to bring their own glory 
to the RIMAC Arena court. After the 
men’s basketball team fell just short 
of a postseason berth and the wom-
en’s squad faced a bitter first round 
defeat in the conference playoffs, 
the Tritons have substantial hopes to 
erase last season’s disappointments. 

The men’s team begins its sea-
son with an exhibition game against 
Loyola Marymount on Thursday, 
Nov. 6, while the Triton women will 
face Concordia University in exhibi-
tion play on Friday, Oct. 24. 

NBA

Memphis Grizzlies to Train at RIMAC
Grizzlies owner and UCSD alumnus Robert J. Pera brings his NBA squad to La Jolla.

BY  Dan i el Su ng  
Associate Editor

readers can contact
Daniel Sung    d2sung@ucsd.edu 

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 A
LW

IN
 S

Z
E

TO
/G

U
A

R
D

IA
N

 F
IL

E

@UCSD_Sports

Follow us on



14 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
crossword

 ACROSS 
 1  W. alliance
 5  Radar spot
 9  Part of a negotiation
 14 Online auction site
 15 Talk wildly
 16 Choreographer Abdul
 17 Popular
 19 Spring flower
 20 Pampering letters
 21 Way too heavy
 22 Bay
 23 Nights before
 24 Sandbank
 26 Like Zorro
 29 “South Park” kid
 30 Grounded bird
 33 Galled
 34 Blueprints
 35 Indian bread
 36 Skidded
 37 Seethes
 38 Elevs.
 39 __ Aviv-Jaffa
 40 Tries out
 41 Montana city
 42 High-fashion monogram
 43 Serpentine warning
 44 One in a tub
 45 Greene of “Bonanza”
 47 Harbor helpers
 48 French brother
 50 Bilko’s nickname
 52 Drinking cup
 55 Embankment
 56 Art of the inanimate
 58 Shaq or Tatum
 59 Diminutive ending
 60 Skin-cream ingredient
 61 Olympic medals
 62 Hair colorings
 63 One Truman

 DOWN 
 1  Small salamander
 2  First victim
 3  Body powder
 4  Popeye’s Olive
 5  Bought off
 6  Bodies of water
 7  Currier and __
 8  Bases for statues
 9  Choices
 10 Animal life
 11 Not abridged
 12 Nobelist Wiesel
 13 Absorbed
 18 Held dear
 23 Barely managed to get by
 25 Geiger or Holbein
 26 Hazy
 27 City on the Rhone
 28 Degree of proficiency
 29 Narrow openings
 31 Photo finish
 32 Al or Bobby of auto racing
 34 Owned
 37 Hippie event
 38 Crude dwellings
 40 Theme of this puzzle
 41 Roll with a hole
 44 Military horns
 46 Nymph of mythology
 47 Hackneyed
 48 Apply the whip
 49 Vegas rival
 51 ABA member
 52 Distance measure
 53 E.T. vehicles
 54 Turns right
 57 Research center

BIKES
Fuji 3.0 newest 56 cm $345 - Excellent 
condition Listing ID: 91824440 at 
ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Like new! Cannondale road bike w/ 
Shimano 105 (UTC, UCSD area) $850- I’m 
selling my like new Cannondale CAAD eight 
with Shimano 105 groupo. I’ve had this bike 
for about 2yrs and have put maybe 1000 
mis on it in total. It has just been tuned up 
and ready for a new owner. It has never 
been dropped or crashed, and you can 
inspect it till your hearts content. I’m 5’6” 
and it fits me well. The bike will come with 
the water bottles and Shimano SPD pedals 
as shown. This is a road bike that’s built to 
climb fast and descent aggressively. If you 
are looking for a commuter, please look 
elsewhere as there are cheaper and more 
appropriate options. If you are looking to 
get into cycling, this is the bike you want. 
At this price, it’s a steal. Listing ID: 91824419 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Trek 7100 Road Bike ,Mountain Bike (City 
heights) $115- 24 speed,700 cc wheels 18 in 
frame ,missing front derailleur not effect at 
all ,besides work perfect,,ride smooth,selL 
FOR $115.show contact details. Listing ID: 
91824416 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information.

Boys bicycle + Razor Electric Scooter 
(CARMEL VALLEY) $150-Boy’s Magna 
Outreach 20 in Bike - blue 7-speed Index 
hardly used in good shape 70.00 and a red 

Razor Electric Scooter 80.00. if interested 
please call or text atshow contact info. 
Listing ID: 91679617at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information.

ELECTRONICS
Apple iPad 3rd Gen Black 16GB, Wi-Fi only, 
9.7in - $250- In a very good condition, have 
few minor scuffs and scratches from regular 
usages. Screen is clear, and all buttons are 
responsive. Comes with a smart case cover 
and doesn’t include charger. Located in San 
Diego, pick up and cash only, thank you. 
Listing ID: 91824570 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Kodak EasyShare C310 Digital Camera 
(downtown) $75- The Chimera Video 
Pro Plus one softbox kit is a US made 
lighting instrument built for demanding 
use in professional photography, film and 
TELEVISION applications. It is super rugged 
and very well made - not like the flimsy 
Chinese soft boxes. You can find out more 
here: http://www.chimeralighting.com/  
Cash and Local only. Listing ID: 81703335 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

FLASH - Soligor MK-30A - Canon Nikon 
Sigma Pentax Minolta (Fashion Valley) $35- 
Description: Metering options: Manual, 
Speed priority, Aperture priority. Manual 
power ratio - selectable: Full (1/1), 1/2, 1/4, 
1/8, 1/16, 1/32. Metering/distance table 
and TEST/charge indication button on 
back. Flash tilt angle: 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, 
90 degrees (90 is straight up.) Swivel angle: 
zero to 180 degrees (both directions, left 

and right) Zoom selection: 28mm, 35mm, 
50mm, 85mmf/stop indicator (+ ISO, ASA 
value) Distance indicator Test button.
Takes 4 AA batteries. Up your photography 
game with this gem! Attach to your DSLR 
(digital single lens reflex) or ANY hot shoe 
-- doesn’t matter if you own Nikon, Canon, 
Sigma, Pentax, Minolta, etc... It works with 
ALL cameras. Very versatile! No need to 
break the bank for the ability to control 
your lighting. Compare to other Nikon or 
Canon flashes worth $300. Please do not 
ask me if these are available; I will delete 
this ad when sold. Listing ID: 91638198 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information.

FURNITURE
For Sale: Dining Table and Chairs - $700- 
Dining table ($600) plus 4 chairs ($100) 
for sale $700. The table is white distressed 
painted wood with a grey zinc table top. 
Chairs are rattan in white with white 
cushion. Table measurements (76”l x 32”w 
x 29.5”h). Will sell separately. In great shape! 
Email me for more information. Thanks! 
Listing ID: 91824626 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Queen Pillowtop Mattress and Box Spring 
Set - $500- Jerome’s queen pillowtop 
mattress and box spring set. Originally $900 
before tax. Bought it less than 9 months ago, 
never used without a waterproof protective 
cover, smoke free home. Selling because 
I’m upgrading to a tempur-pedic. $500 obo. 
Listing ID: 91824624 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

The Associated Students Store
Contact outfitters@ucsd.edu for more info.

Create custom apparel to promote your
student organization with Triton Outfitter's
new Made TO Order program!

#UCSDNEWS
#NOFILTERS @ucsdguardian

#FOLLOW US



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

FIRST FRIDAY DANCE
PRICE CENTER PLAZA • FREE FOR UCSD STUDENTS

FRI10.03 • 9pm
Tahrir

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
Every MONDAY in The
Guardian Calendar
SUBMIT your EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

CAMPUS
CALENDAR
SEP 30 - OCT 5

2014 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

TUE9.30 THU10.02WED10.01
10am
JOG & SEE UCSD - SUN GOD 
LAWN
Join SARC and UCSD Strides in a 
jogging tour of campus. Find out 
where you classes are, where the 
coolest hangouts are and general 
safety tips as you run through 
our beautiful campus.

2:30pm
CROSS CULTURAL CENTER 
BLOCK PARTY - CROSS 
CULTURAL CENTER
The CCC’s Annual Block Party 
brings together social justice 
oriented student organizations, 
campus departments, community 
organizations, and friends! We’ll 
have music free food and lots of 
information to get you connected 
to campus resources. Enter to 
win raffle prizes!

8am
CHE CAFÉ PRESENTS SMASH 
BROS PROJECT M AND LOCAL 
VEGAN TREATS – CHE CAFÉ 
Come by the Che Café during 
Welcome Week for Super Smash 
Bros Project M (Brawl add on). 
Let the wonders of competitive 
cartoon violence bring you, your 
friends and fellow tritons to share 
in the delight of fair trade coffee & 
tea as well as an assortment of 
vegan treats. 

6pm
A.S. CHILL AND GRILL - SUN 
GOD LAWN
Come enjoy free BBQ and meet 
the members of the Associated 
Students! Find out how to get 
involved with one fo the many 
offices of student government 
including event planning, 
advocacy, service and 
sustainability!

SAT10.04
11am
MEET THE BEACH – LA JOLLA SHORES BEACH 
Open to incoming students (first years and transfers) are in for a treat 
at the beach. The 7th Annual Meet the Beach will include more free 
swag than you can handle, surf lessons, zumba class, pier tours and 
much, much more. (shuttles provided with wristband)

1:30pm
UNOLYMPICS - RIMAC 
FIELD, TRACK AND FIELD
The UnOlympics is a fun 
competition where all six UC 
Sand Diego colleges compete for 
the coveted Golden Shoe trophy. 
The UnOlympics games consist 
of a crazy bat spin competition, 
an obstacle course, a balloon 
relay and a dance routine.

4pm
BLACK RESOURCE CENTER 
BBQ AND WOMEN’S CENTER 
WELCOME WEEK FEST 
Kick back and relax with some of 
the hippest resource centers on 
campus. This even is open to the 
entire campus community and is 
sure to be a great time.

FRI10.03
9am
FREE ADMISSION TO BIRCH 
AQUARIUM AT SCRIPPS - 
SIO SHUTTLE
Show your student ID and 
receive ONE FREE ADULT 
ADMISSION during UC Sand 
Diego Welcome Week, 
September 28 – October 4!

11am
FIRST FRIDAY AT PRICE 
CENTER - PRICE CENTER 
EAST AND WEST
First Friday is back! Head over 
to the center of the campus for a 
fabulous day of free food, fun 
games, specials and live 
entertainment. 

MEET THE 2014-15 A.S. COUNCIL AND GET INVOLVED!MEET THE 2014-15 A.S. COUNCIL AND GET INVOLVED!

A.S. Chill & GrillA.S. Chill & Grill
THURSDAY,
OCT. 2, 6-8 PM
SUN GOD LAWN

FREE BBQ,
LIVE MUSIC,
& PRIZES!

For more info, please visit as.ucsd.edu



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
16 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T U E S D AY,  S E P T E M B E R  3 0 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Fall Season Preview

MEN'S  SOCCER

With the departure of nine seniors who led the way for the 
Tritons last season, this fall’s new squad has major gaps to fill. 
However, with a new batch of leaders, including senior forwards 
Alessandro Canale and Brandon Bauman, UCSD has a strong 
offensive arsenal to rely upon. Through nine games, the duo has 
a combined total of five goals and nine assists. 

On the defensive side, the Tritons are averaging less than a 
goal allowed per game and have recorded shutouts in all of their 
last three wins. 

As evidenced from their most recent match, a 2–0 loss to 
California Collegiate Athletic Association foe No. 22 Cal Poly 
Pomona, the Tritons still face a tough conference. 

 Yet if recent performances are any indication, the Tritons 
have the potential to take the league crown this year. UCSD will 
host Cal State San Bernardino on Friday, Oct. 3. 

WOMEN'S  SOCCER

Last year, the Tritons finished with a 7–11 overall 
record and failed to qualify for conference playoffs. This 
season, UCSD looks ready to improve upon its previous 
year’s disappointments but will likely struggle to finish 
with a winning record. 

Currently holding a losing record and sitting near the 
bottom of CCAA standings, the rest of the season will 
prove crucial for the Tritons, as every remaining game is 
against a conference opponent. With the sudden emer-
gence of an offensive powerhouse in freshman midfielder 
Jordyn McNutt (three goals, four assists) to aid senior 
midfielder Cassie Callahan (two goals), the Tritons do 
have the chance to take hold of their season down the 
stretch. 

However, barring a possible surge in the second half of 
the season, the outlook is rough. The Triton women will 
next take on Cal State San Bernardino at home on Friday, 
Oct. 3. 

MEN'S  WATER  POLO

Competing in a sport that has a limited amount of participating schools 
means you are almost always playing the best of the best. And among the 
elite, the blue and gold simply cannot keep up. 

With a strong ensemble of players, the UCSD men’s water polo squad 
is No. 8 in the nation, but at 4–6 overall, the Tritons have yet to pull a win 
against their competitors among the top ten, nationally ranked teams. 
While the NCAA championships will be held at home at the Canyonview 
Pool this season, there is little hope that the Tritons will do much damage 
on the national stage. 

Before qualifying, the Tritons must first top their conference champion-
ship, which in itself is no easy task. UCSD next hosts Loyola Marymount 
on Wednesday, Oct. 1.

WOMEN'S  VOLLEYBALL

Currently holding a 7–4 overall record and sitting at 5–2 in conference 
play, the Tritons have had a decent start to the season. With UCSD retain-
ing its starters from last year, the Tritons are set to establish their presence 
in a competitive conference. 

However, to take the CCAA crown this season they have to get past Cal 
State San Bernardino, who won the conference for the eighth straight year 
last November with a near-perfect 21–1 record. Beyond league play, things 
only get tougher, as the road to nationals requires taking on the top teams 
in the country. 

But with a core group in sync, UCSD has the full potential to make 
a run in the NCAA West Regionals and perhaps beyond. The Tritons 
next home game is on Friday, Oct. 10 against CCAA opponent Cal State 
Monterey Bay. 

Current Record: 6–3
National Ranking: No Ranking

Current Record:3–4–1
National Ranking: No Ranking  

UCSD has certainly lost some star power with the departure of its two national champions, 
18-time All-American Nicholas Korth and 19-time All-American Anji Shakya, and men’s 
head coach, Matt Macedo, who departed this past summer for a position at UC Santa Barbara. 
However, as a whole, the Triton swimming and diving squad is, as it always has been, a formi-
dable ensemble sure to maintain a presence at the NCAAs come March. Last season, the men 
finished seventh overall at nationals while the women placed fifth, and in total UCSD recorded 
an astounding 41 All-American performances. Even without last year’s leaders, the Tritons 
can surely improve this season and race for top 10 team finishes once again at nationals. The 
Tritons’ first competitive meet will be at home on Oct. 25 against Claremont-Mudd-Scripps. 

SWIMMING/DIVING
Current Record: N/A
National Ranking: No Ranking

Current Record: 4–6
National Ranking: 8

CROSS  COUNTRY

After strong showings in the first three meets of the season, UCSD has only one more 
meet, the Triton Classic on home turf, before competing in the CCAA Championships 
on Nov. 8. Though the Tritons have lost a host of strong senior runners from last season, 
junior Tareq Alwafai, last year’s only qualifying UCSD runner at nationals, remains and 
looks poised to lead the Tritons to a potential full team NCAA appearance. While the 
Triton women finished 11th at last year’s NCAA West Regionals, the men took sixth and 
fell just one place short of a full-team national qualification spot. With Alwafai leading the 
way, the Triton men can realistically aim for their full team to make the cut this season. 
The Triton Classic is set to take place on Saturday, Oct. 25 at Triton Track & Field Stadium. 

Current Record: N/A
National Ranking: 14 (Women), 16 (Men)

BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR 

Current Record: 7–4
National Ranking: 19

M. Water Polo
W. Volleyball

M. Soccer
W. Soccer 

M. Water Polo

   10/1
   10/2
   10/3   
   10/3
   10/3

VS Loyola Marymount
AT Humboldt State
VS Cal State San Bernadino 
VS Cal State San Bernadino
AT Air Force

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 A
LW

IN
 S

Z
E

TO
/G

U
A

R
D

IA
N

 F
IL

E

PHOTO BY NAHN NGUYEN/GUARDIAN FILE

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN FILE

readers can contact
BRANDON  YU    BCYU@ucsd.edu 

WHILE THE SCHOOL YEAR HAS ONLY JUST BEGUN, TRITON ATHLETICS ARE WELL UNDER WAY AS SEVERAL TEAMS ARE ALREADY FAR 
INTO THE FALL SCHEDULE. TAKE A LOOK AT THE GUARDIAN’S GUIDE TO WHAT LOOKS LIKE AN EXCITING FALL SEASON. 




