
VOLUME 48, ISSUE 19  MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

FINAL:
FOURTH

After winning the WWPA 
Tournament and beating Brown 
in the play-in game, the Triton 

water polo squad’s playoff 
run came to an end with a 

15-6 loss to UCLA. The Tritons 
finished in fourth place.

YEAR   IN   REVIEW

A  NEW  LENS

We  take  a  look  back  at 2014

equipping  cops  with   cameras

features,  Page   6

opinion ,  Page  4

MONDAY
H 71 L 54

TUESDAY
H 69 L 54

WEDNESDAY
H 69 L 56

THURSDAY
H 67 L 57

FORECAST

VERBATIM
This holiday 
season, I 
challenge you 
to be much 
jollier and 
kinder than 
12-year-old 
me. Help your 
grandparents set up a Facebook 
account, teach them how to take 

a selfie or even use Skype.

- Lauren Koa
Technically Speaking

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Average Cat .................... 2
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Crossword .................... 10
Calendar ....................... 11

“

SPORTS,  PAGE 12

PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE /GUARDIAN

MARCHING ON:  Students demonstrate on Friday Dec. 5 as a part of a Black Student Union-led protest anti-black violent incidents 
in recent weeks.

Student Organize Demonstration 
Against Anti-Black Violence

The Black Student Union held a demonstration in Price Center on Friday, Dec. 5, to raise aware-ness about the ongoing anti-black violence that 
police officers, security guards and vigilantes display 
toward black individuals. 

Approximately 70 BSU members, who wore all-
black with shirts which read “Black Lives Matter,” 
participated in the demonstration along with mem-
bers from other student organizations and individual 
students as well. They surrounded the lower levels of 
Price Center —  half of the members lay on the ground 
by Tapioca Express, while the other half lay near the 
entrance to the tunnel, which provides access to the 
other side of the food court. The remaining members 
read names off of a handout which was passed out to 
the students. The handout was from the Malcolm X 
Grassroots movement, which contained the names of 
black individuals whose lives were taken by police offi-
cers, security guards and vigilantes from the year 2012 
to the present.

BSU Chair Jazzalyn Livingston explained that 
because black students make up less than 2 percent of 

the UCSD student population, BSU felt responsible to 
speak out and mobilize on behalf of the members of 
the UCSD community that the group feels are dispro-
portionately affected by the gross malfeasance of the 
American justice system.

“It is disheartening and demoralizing as black stu-
dents to witness our people subject to police brutality, 
unfair execution of the law and a lack of protection 
under the law,” Livingston said in a statement to the 
UCSD Guardian. “The Black Student Union held this 
demonstration to raise awareness [of] the senseless kill-
ings of black people all across the country by the hands 
of police. We are also very well aware that these are not 
isolated incidents but a representation of the systematic 
structures of institutional racism, inequality and racial 
injustice, which is why it was extremely important for 
us to unmask the reality of our failed justice system 
while challenging the UCSD community to take a 
stance against it.”

Once each name was read off the handout, the mem-
bers stood up and formed two lines near the entrance 
of the tunnel, directing the attention of anyone who 

See BSU, page 3

 Story  and  photo  By   Meryl  Press    Associate news editor 

CAMPUS

California State Senate 
Democrats proposed a bill on Dec. 
2 that would end a new scholarship 
for middle-class students in the 
state’s public universities and to 
also enact a tuition hike on out-
of-state students.. In exchange, the 
bill would keep in-state tuition rates 
flat for five years and would accept 
more California residents into the 
UC system, adding to financial aid 
and college counseling.

According to a Dec. 3 SF Gate 
report, the bill, titled SB15, would 
cost between $342 million to $434 
million per year through 2018. 

The elimination of the middle-
class scholarship program, which 
pays up to 40 percent of tuition for 
undergraduates whose families earn 
between $80,000 to $150,000 per 
year, would contribute about $102 
million to $285 million towards 
tuition costs. 

This year, only about 73,000 
students received the middle-
class scholarships, averaging less 
than $1,000 per student, and it is 
estimated that about half the money 
available for the program will not 
be used this year because many 
students did not know about it, as 
stated in the SF Gate Report.

In order to maintain current 
resident tuition rates, SB15 would 
also increase tuition for out-of-state 
students by 17 percent, or $4,000 
per year, to help pay for the bill. The 
state would contribute an additional 
$66 million to $156 million a year to 
cover the rest.

Another component of the bill 
provides financial incentives for 
low-income students at the UC and 
California State University systems 
to graduate in four years. Each 
eligible student would receive $1,000 
to $2,000 a year for completing 
enough units to fully advance to the 
next year, stated the SF Gate Report. 
SB15 would also increase enrollment 
by 5,000 in-state residents into the 
UC system and 10,500 in the CSU 
system.

Furthermore, the CSU system 
estimates that, due to SB15, at least 
70,000 middle-class students will 
be eligible for other financial aid, 
while the University of California 
estimates 23,000 students will be 
eligible.

Though it may be several 
weeks or months before the UC 
administration takes a stance on the 
bill, UC President Janet Napolitano 
is pleased to see movement on the 
issue of tuition hikes.

“I welcome and applaud the 
Senate Democrats’ interest in 

Democrats 
Propose to Halt 
UC Tuition 
Increase

CAlifornia

State Senate Bill SB15, if passed, 
will increase tuition on out-of-
state students and will end the 
middle class scholarship

BY  jacky  to
Staff Writer

See SB15, page 2

UC  SYSTEM

Undocumented UC Students To Receive Legal Aid
UC Office of the President will give over $500,000 to fund the newly developed program

BY An drew H uang
Senior Staff writer

Thousands of undocumented 
students across the UC system may 
soon receive comprehensive legal 
services from the UC Davis School 
of Law Immigration Law Clinic. 
UC President Janet Napolitano 
announced on Nov. 21 that the clinic’s 
pilot program will be implemented 
on six campuses which lack formal 
law schools: UCSD, UC Santa Cruz, 
UC Merced, UC Santa Barbara, UC 
Riverside and UC San Francisco. 

The new legal services program 
was created in response to a 
recommendation by Napolitano’s 
Advisory Committee on 
Undocumented Students, whom 
she appointed soon after becoming 

president of the UC system. Kevin 
R. Johnson, dean of the UC Davis 
School of Law, is a member of 
the committee and made several 
proposals for Napolitano to consider, 
with the current pilot program 
eventually winning out. 

The UC Office of the President 
will provide over $500,000 to fund 
the endeavor, led by multiple UC 
Davis School of Law staff members. 

According to Leticia Saucedo, 
Director of Clinical Legal Education, 
UC Davis’ deep level of expertise in 
the field, as well as the high number 
of faculty involved in immigration 
law, made it well-suited to implement 
the project. 

“The immigration clinic at Davis 
has been around for 30 years, which 
is one of the longest immigration 

clinics in the country,” Saucedo said 
to the UCSD Guardian. “The pilot 
involves UC Davis providing legal 
services to the campuses that don’t 
have law schools — the idea being 
that campuses that do have law 
schools already have some sort of 
program going on with their own 
undocumented students.”

The pilot program will begin 
operations in early 2015 and will 
offer a multitude of similar services 
to undocumented and assembly bill 
540-eligible UC students, although 
each of the six campuses will have 
individualized centers. These 
include legal counseling clinics and 
informational sessions, processing 
of Deferred Action for Childhood 

See IMMIGRATION, page 2



AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

Registration for FALL Qtr is NOW open!

Register online at 
as.ucsd.edu/saferides
A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get 3 FREE rides per quarter.
Students must register at least 24 hours
prior to their first ride. 

A.S. Safe Rides 

asucsd asucsd

DO YOU TWEET? YAY SO DO WE!

@UCSDGuardian

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. Da fuq, BB Andru?!?!

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Kyle Somers

Nilu Karimi

Taylor Sanderson

Siddharth Atre

Alwin Szeto

Joselynn Ordaz

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Lifestyle Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Sherman Aline, Allison Kubo, Sidney Gao, Lauren Koa, Zev 

Hurwitz
Copy Readers

Andrew Chao, Caroline Lee, Jennifer Grundman, Micaela 
Stone, Kriti Sarin

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Teiko Yakobson, Jonah Yonker

walked through the tunnel to walk 
past the demonstrators as well. The 
members chanted different slogans, 
such as “What do we want? Justice! 
When do we want it? Now!”, “No 
justice, no peace, no racist police!”, 
a“Wake up” and “Shame.” They also 
shouted “We can’t breathe? You can’t 
breathe,” which was taken from the 
last words of Eric Garner, a 43-year-
old man who was put in a choke-
hold and strangled to death in Staten 
Island by a police officer because he 
was selling unlawful cigarettes. 

A police officer who watched 
the demonstration from the second 
story of Price Center spoke with the 
Guardian and said that he did not 
have enough knowledge of the actions 
that officers have taken toward black 
individuals to comment on the situ-
ations. He said that he could not 
comment on what occurred 3,000 
miles away but that there are people 
in all lines of professions who act 
incorrectly and that in police officers’ 
particular line of work, the effects of 
their incorrect actions are obviously 
greater. He explained that mistakes 
do happen and that there are always 
two sides to any story and said that 
what happened to Eric Garner was 
a tragedy. 

A.S. Council President Robby 
Boparai joined in the demonstra-
tion and said to the Guardian that 
he is excited to see UCSD students 
mobilizing.

“I think this is a really strong 
change for our campus … We’ve been 
a pretty politically neutral environ-

ment for a long time,” Boparai said. 
“I wanted to support [the demon-
stration] because I definitely think 
this is a worthwhile cause. Our stu-
dents should be pissed, you know. 
We should definitely mobilize and 
get students across the UC [system] 
to mobilize as well.”

Boparai explained that A.S. 
Council could write up a resolution 
letter based on the scope of the dem-
onstration, but without the support 
of the administration, further action 
couldn’t be taken.

“We need a louder voice, so I 
think that it’s time, especially with 
a new [Vice Chancellor of Equity, 
Diversity and Inclusion] coming in, 
to have more spaces for students to 
express their voices about issues that 
are going on and impact our univer-
sity to be a part of the issue,” Boparai 
said. “As students, we can raise the 
issue and try to make a change, but 
unless we are getting our univer-
sity on board, we’re kind of failing 
in that respect. It’s time for UCSD 
to do something, not just students 
at UCSD.” 

Livingston also commented that 
she hopes the university will provide 
support for students when situations 
like these arise and that the university 
would hold its faculty and staff to a 
higher expectation. 

The demonstration began at Price 
Center around noon and contin-
ued to Library Walk, at which point 
the members of the demonstration, 
and many individual students who 
had joined in, centered in front of 
Geisel Library. The approximately 
100 demonstrators formed a “circle 

of solidarity,” as they called it, and 
held hands while four-and-a-half 
minutes of silence was held for the 
four-and-a-half minutes that Michael 
Brown’s body was on the ground. 
After that, an open forum was held 
for anyone to speak. People spoke 
of their anger toward the injustice 
in the legal system, their individual 
experiences of prejudice from police 
officers and how African-Americans 
are still fighting for civil rights: “The 
white man has never been civil or 
right,” said one of the individuals in 
the circle.

External Vice Chair of BSU Brilon 
Cooper explained to the Guardian 
that black people in particular have 
been subjected to criminalization and 
dehumanization, and, due to that, 
BSU wanted to make the demonstra-
tion similar to “Black Lives Matter,” 
as well as to make a community effort 
to be united on an important issue 
such as this one. 

“This is not just a single incident 
kind of issue — this is a bigger issue 
than just these couple of incidents 
that are on the TV,” Cooper said. 
“Black lives matter because, clearly, 
what the media ... is telling us is that 
black lives don’t matter, but because 
we’re being dehumanized and we’re 
being criminalized, we’re not sup-
posed to be a part of that ‘all lives 
matter’ kind of thing.”

BSU Retention Coordinator 
Andre Thompson spoke in the circle 
and began calling to the police offi-
cers who were standing on the upper 
levels of Geisel Library watching the 
protest.

“I’m proud of everybody out here 

and the fact that the police are up 
there and watching us and are not 
up here in solidarity — they fear 
us,” Thompson said. “Why can’t you 
stand with us? I challenge you to 
stand out here with us.” 

The protest ended around 2:30 
p.m. with a “hollaback,” in which 
every member of the circle put their 
left hand on the right shoulder of 
the person standing next to them. 
Livingston, Cooper and another BSU 
member then yelled to the group 
“hollaback!” and the group respond-
ed with “I got your back!” 

Livingston said that the Mike 
Brown and Eric Garner cases are just 
some examples of the many injustices 
the community faces at the hands of 
police, vigilantes and security forces 
across the nation. 

“This system has no regard for 
black lives when there is evidence 
that we are being murdered, yet our 
killers are being set free. But on this 
day we declared and demand that 
others understand that ‘Black Lives 
Matter,’ as we chanted throughout 
Price Center East,” Livingston said. 
“Because if we don’t take a stand for 
change, then who will? And [if] we 
don’t take it now, then when? Now is 
the time for the UCSD community 
to wake up and stand on the side of 
justice.”

Livingston was unable to give fur-
ther details of what the BSU plans 
to do next but told the Guardian 
that the organization will be holding 
demonstrations in the future.

“This is a bigger issue than just these couple of  incidents that are on the TV”
▶ BSU, from page 1

meryl press    mpressg@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE ONLINE ucsdguardian.org



LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the 
Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

Wednesday, Nov. 26
9:54 p.m.: Suspicious Person
Two men with flashlights were on the 
roof of Pines. Checks ok.
10:57 p.m.: Vandalism
Words were etched into the plexiglass 
inside a Village East elevator. Report 
taken.

Thursday, Nov. 27
4:22 a.m.: Citizen Contact
Two students were cleaning vomit out 
of a car from an intoxicated friend in 
Lot P310. Field interview conducted.
9:46 p.m.: Information
A possible psych subject called UCSD 
police, wanting to pull a fire alarm 
and refused to cooperate with the 
dispatcher. Information only.

Friday, Nov. 28
1:58 p.m.: Animal Call
A puppy was left inside a crate in a 
vehicle at Lot P002. Checks ok.

Saturday, Nov. 29
4:06 a.m.: Suspicious Vehicle
An officer observed two subjects 
inside a vehicle with marijuana in 
plain view at Lot 207. Closed by adult 
citation.

Sunday, Nov. 30
2:44 p.m.: Burglary
Two subjects were charged with 
second degree burglary of the Art of 
Espresso coffee cart. Closed by adult 
arrest.

Monday, Dec. 1
12:07 p.m.: Injury 
A young adult female felt dizzy and 
fell on some bikes at Tenaya Hall. 
Medical aid refused.

Tuesday, Dec. 2
4:54 a.m.: Assist Other Agency
A subject went into the VA medical 

center and stated he was having 
homicidal thoughts. Gone on arrival. 
9:30 a.m.: Suspicious Person
An adult male reportedly recorded a 
video of a female in a Humanities and 
Social Sciences building bathroom. 
Closed by adult arrest.
10:10 a.m.: Petty Theft
Loss prevention officers reportedly 
chased a male subject suspected of 
stealing two textbooks at Lot P308. 
Closed by adult arrest.
1:53 p.m.: Found Property
A Facilities Management employee 
turned in found ammunition to the 
UCSD Police Department. Report 
taken.

Wednesday, Dec. 3
12:08 a.m.: Citizen Contact
A Sixth College Apartment resident 
complained of cigarette smoke odor 
coming through the window. Unable 
to locate.
4:55 a.m.: Medical Aid
A young adult female in Black Hall 
experienced lower abdominal pain 
and difficulty breathing. Transported 
to hospital.

Thursday, Dec. 4
7:39 p.m.: Information
Per San Diego Police, a male subject 
was reportedly urinating in public 
at the Gilman Parking Structure. 
Information only.
11 p.m.: Assist Other Agency
San Diego police officers were 
attempting to locate a suspect from 
an assault with a deadly weapon 
report at the North Mesa Apartments. 
Information only.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

Arrivals applications and training for 
volunteers in immigration services.

At UCSD, the UC Davis clinic 
staff will be working with licensed 
attorney and Undocumented Student 
Services Coordinator Jessica Munoz  
to assist students who such require 

legal counseling and advice. 
Should the program prove 

successful, it could potentially spread 
to other states seeking to remove 
barriers to higher education for 
undocumented youth. “This pilot 
program is just the beginning,” 
Napolitano said in her statement. 
“We want to create a model for 

other UC campuses and universities 
across the nation to provide legal 
representation for undocumented 
students on their campuses.”

maintaining the excellence, access 
and affordability of California’s 
system of public higher education,” 
Napolitano said in a press release on 
Dec. 2. “The bill introduced today is 
a promising first step toward making 
sure that public higher education 
benefits Californians today and for 
generations to come.”

However, University of California 
Student Association University 
Affairs Chair Allyson Osorio and  
UCSD student believes that SB15 
does not address the root of the 

problem.
“With three plans from elected 

officials now released to combat the 
UC’s actions, all of which [calling] 
for wildly different courses of 
actions, it is clear that the state 
is lacking leadership on a truly 
comprehensive plan to fix the 
institutional problems,” Osorio told 
the UCSD Guardian. 

She emphasized that the UCSA 
advocates for all UC students, 
regardless of in- or out-of-state 
status.

Gov. Jerry Brown has been 
reluctant to give more than a 

4-percent funding increase to each 
of the universities — especially UC’s 
— because the Board of Regents 
approved a tuition increase over his 
objection. In the SF Gate article, 
Brown also urged the colleges to 
cut more administrative fat, to rely 
more on online courses that could 
potentially save money and to live 
within their means., as stated in the 
SF Gate report.

UCSA Believes the Plans Illustrate A Lack Of  Leadership From the State

andrew huang    aehuang@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

Jacky To    j6to@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

▶ IMMIGRATION, from page 1

▶ SB15, from page 1

If  New Program Succeeds, Other States May Follow UC Approach

FOLLOW US 
ON TWITTER!

@UCSDGUARDIAN



4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  O P I N I O N

OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORCHARU  M EHRAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
Policing the Police

The American police force is running rampant while being completely 
underregulated and overarmed. 

A recent report from the White House has surfaced sug-gesting that military surplus in weapons and equipment was in unregulated distribution to police forces in the 
United States. 

This report comes during a time when police forces across 
the nation are attending peaceful marches and protests equipped 
with highly developed military gear. To calm things down, 
President Barack Obama went on national television and 
announced a plan that would provide training for police forces, 
regulation of the surplus in military gear and the purchase of 
50,000 cameras policemen would be equipped with. But Obama’s 
intervention is merely a stopgap in the public’s growing mistrust 
of the police. 

Obama first called to raise enough funds to provide 50,000 
body cameras to record police interactions with the public. 
According to the Associated Press, a “[2014] report from the 

Justice Department said there’s evidence both police and civilians 
behave better when they know there are cameras around,” but 
this resolution is far from being enough. Not every policeman in 
the nation will have access to the cameras, and it is not going to 
deeply change the way the police interact with citizens, especially 
with racial minorities. Policemen will just be more careful when 
they know they are on camera, but their behavior will probably 
deteriorate as soon as they are off camera. The effort is laudable, 
but it is just hiding the bigger part of the problem: access to mili-
tary surplus for police forces despite a lack of training.

The 2014 White House report says that, as the programs to 
furnish police forces with gear from the military have grown 
after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, “training has not 
been institutionalized, specifically with respect to civil rights and 
civil liberties protections, or the safe use of equipment received 
through the federal government,” and now a lot of unprepared 

See POLICE, page 5

QUICK  TAKES
ASSEMBLYWOMAN LORENA GONZALEZ (D-SAN DIEGO) IS GOING TO INTRODUCE A BILL IN THE CALIFORNIA 
LEGISLATURE TO MANDATE DOUBLE PAY FOR EMPLOYEES ON MAJOR HOLIDAYS.

Spread the 
Selfie Love 
for the 
Holidays

As millennials, we know the problems involving family and technology all too well. 
Older family members either like 
to call on us to fix their random 
gadget’s problem or like to report 
to our parents about the “weird” 
photos we were tagged in or our 
whereabouts. The struggle can be 
real and it can get tiring. But I read 
about a statistic that shocked me 
more than I’d really like to admit: 
Around 40 percent of adults over 
the age of 65 do not touch the 
Internet — at all. And to me, that’s 
actually pretty appalling.

 The rest of the Pew Research 
Center’s report was a lot easier to 
believe. Affluent seniors tend to use 
the Internet more often compared 
to those making less than $30,000 
annually. The 59 percent of adults 
ages 65 and up who do use the 
Internet love using it daily for email 
and social media, just like you or 
me, while the 66 percent of offline 
seniors answered that they needed 
help to get on the Internet. 

That last statistic actually 
doesn’t surprise me much, once 
I looked past my college student 
bubble. Living around the likes of 
mostly 20-somethings and rich La 
Jollans, I’ve been accustomed to 
seeing phablets whipped out of the 
tiniest purses and a smartphone in 
everyone’s hand. And alternatively, 
coming from the Bay Area — home 
of Silicon Valley, where the Internet 
is almost as essential to us as the 
air we breathe — is another source 
of the blanketed reality I lived in. 
But if you think about technology, 
the Internet and how much has 
changed in the last decade, it’s 
really not hard to imagine that 
someone who doesn’t access the 
Internet as much as we do could 
have trouble using it. And with 
new gadgets coming out every year, 
even our own parents could use the 
help catching up.

As kind and generous as my 
parents have always been, I’ve been 
pretty sure that over the years, 
my mom would intentionally gift 
me new tech products so I could 
conveniently teach her how to use 
them later. I’ve come to terms with 
this, and now my mom and I have 
an unspoken agreement on this. A 
few years ago, not so much. 

My cousins were green with 
envy when I received the first 
generation iPod nano for my 12th 
birthday when it released in 2006. 
A few months later, my mom got 
her own iPod and slyly asked me 
to import hundreds of ‘80s oldies, 
Bee Gees and Michael Jackson 
songs into it. Being the annoying 
and spoiled 12-year-old that I was, 
after downloading, importing and 
dragging each song into iTunes and 
on her iPod, I complained about 
how much work it was at every given 
opportunity. It probably took weeks 
for my family to hear the end of it.

So this holiday season, I 
challenge you to be much jollier and 
kinder than 12-year-old me. Help 
your grandparents set up a Facebook 
account, teach them how to take a 
selfie or even use Skype. You can 
still outsmart them and hide from 
them the hardly innocent photos 
on your Timeline, but you’ll be 
spreading the joy of selfies and social 
media. If that’s not enough incentive, 
DoSomething.org’s Grandparents 
Gone Wired campaign is even 
awarding a $10,000 scholarship to a 
lucky millennial that snaps a photo 
teaching a senior how to get online.

technically
 speaking

Not everyone has a choice about whether they 
work over Christmas and Thanksgiving. Those who 
care for young families or other relatives are often 
given special consideration and allowed to take 
those days off, and rightly so.

Shops that open on Christmas and Thanksgiving 
only do so because they think they will make a 
profit, and it’s not as if the CEO of Walmart is the 
one who will have to work over the holiday, so it is 
only fair that those who do have to work should be 
properly remunerated.

Membership of labor unions in America has 
declined by almost 50 percent in the last 30 years, 
says the Bureau of Labor Statistics — a change pre-
cipitated by decades of governmental marginaliza-
tion. Legislation such as that proposed by California 
State Assemblywoman Lorena Gonzalez is the only 
means by which workers’ rights will be promoted. 
In 2010, the richest 20 percent of Americans repre-
sented 88.9 percent of the net wealth in the country, 
according to the economist Edward Wolff at New 
York University, and thus the other 80 percent of the 
people represent the remaining 11.1 percent of the 
wealth. It is not socialism to suggest that those in the 
former category should bestow upon some of those 
in the latter twice their usual (often quite low) pay 
for two days of the year.

There will be those who say that such a bill is 
merely another regrettable political encroachment 
into the private sector, where it has no right to be. 
Those who espouse such views fundamentally mis-
understand the role of government; it is the politi-
cian’s job to represent the people who gave them 
their mandate to lead and to protect that electorate 
from the will of those they could not otherwise 
influence — in this case, corporations.

— SAM THOBURN
Contributing Writer 

Leave Laws Alone, Let Businesses 
Decide How to Compensate Workers

Commercialization of  Holidays Is 
Another Step in the Wrong Direction

Making Double Pay the Norm Will  
Revitalize Economy and Labor Market

Assemblywoman Gonzalez‘s heart is in the right 
place by trying to compensate labor for working on 
Thanksgiving and Christmas, but this assumes that 
more money is a fulfilling substitute for time lost 
with family and friends. This will only encourage 
the grotesque materialism that overshadows the 
spirit of the holidays.

Instead, California should look to the Northeast 
for advice: Maine, Massachusetts and Rhode Island 
are the only three states that prohibit businesses 
from opening on Thanksgiving and Christmas. This 
practice of limiting commerce on certain holidays 
is reminiscent of a time when blue laws, restrictions 
meant to preserve religious observance, could be 
found on the books of every state. Ironically, accord-
ing to a 2012 Gallup poll, the above three states have 
some of the highest rates of irreligion in the nation, 
showing that blue laws can have a secular basis.

But even so, a religious argument is easy to 
make, at least for Christmas day, especially for a 
developed country with both a 79-percent Christian 
population and over 55 percent of Americans citing 
religion as playing an important role in life, accord-
ing to figures found from a 2007 Pew Research 
Center survey and a 2013 Gallup poll respectively. 
These numbers are far higher than most other 
wealthy nations that have supposedly lost their faith 
alongside economic development. Even Scrooge 
gave Cratchit the day off out of respect for the cus-
tom.

All in all, it doesn’t hurt to close businesses for 
two out of the 365 days of the year. The average 
American worker spends 10.3 years of his or her life 
working anyway. People need to relax. Material pos-
sessions will always be there to purchase later, but 
family and friends don’t last forever.

— JORDAN UTLEY-THOMSON
Staff Writer  

Gonzalez’s plan to double employee compensa-
tion on holidays might seem like it was formulated 
with good intentions, but it is bound to have nega-
tive connotations for employees that don’t already 
work on these days.

Currently, most workers have the choice to work 
hours on major holidays like Thanksgiving and 
Christmas. There is already appropriate compensa-
tion for employees who work on holidays, as most 
businesses that remain open offer their staff time-
and-a-half pay, similar to most industries’ overtime 
compensation. There is a sufficient incentive for 
workers who either don’t have familial obligations, 
don’t celebrate these traditionally WASP-y holidays 
or are simply choosing to work. Increasing the 
time-and-a-half pay to double would tip the scales, 
forcing workers who wanted to take the holidays off 
to re-consider in the face of a significant financial 
incentive and being left at a complete disadvantage.  

Retail aside, self-employed people and other ser-
vice industries must be taken into account too. For 
example, what about airline pilots and attendants 
who work on Thanksgiving and Christmas? If this 
law mandates doubling their pay on these days, 
the cost of plane travel will also inevitably increase, 
not to mention other industries like hospitality, 
medicine and public safety workers like police and 
firefighters. The plan is simply not feasible for all 
these groups. 

The decision of how to compensate employees 
should remain in the hands of businesses who 
choose to remain open. Appropriate perks already 
exist at most businesses, and to try and force a 
higher pay grade on holidays would not only be a 
dangerous intrusion into the free market but is also 
unnecessary. 

— CHARU MEHRA
Opinion Editor  

BY marcus thuillier  staff writer

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

policemen have access to this equip-
ment. Recently, the surplus was on 
full display in the highly televised 
protests in response to the Darren 
Wilson non-indictment ruling. All 
this equipment makes the United 
States’ police among the most danger-
ous in the world. This police force is 
officially responsible for just over 400 
deaths over a calendar year, according 
to the FBI, and for over 1,000 deaths 
unofficially — that is, if you count the 
“unjustifiable police homicides,” a goal 
of the “Killed by Police” Facebook 
page. These numbers are far above 
and beyond those in other developed 
countries. Over the same time span, 
the police in the United Kingdom 
killed two people, while the German 
police killed six. The United States 

numbers are bound to be somewhat 
inflated by the larger population, but 
the extreme size mostly highlights the 
last point in Obama’s announcement: 
The police needs more training to 
deal with modern day America.

The climate of terror and angst 
in today’s American society leads 
police officers, especially unprepared 
ones, to make rash decisions. Just 
recently, in Cleveland, a surveillance 
camera caught a policeman shooting 
a 12-year-old that was playing with a 
fake gun. The story has not yet been 
completely investigated, but the police 
officer’s quick trigger shows just how 
unprepared policemen are to deal 
with these situations. More recently, a 
video surfaced of a New York police-
man holding a black man in a choke-
hold to handcuff him until he became 
unconscious. The man who was held 

down later died. Officials had video 
evidence proving the policeman’s 
guiltiness but failed to take action 
and indict him. These incidents are 
just a few examples of reasons people 
have to mistrust the police, but there 
is obviously also a lack of culpability 
within the justice system that is sup-
posed to keep the police accountable. 

Asking for cameras to equip police 
forces is a step forward to fight the 
consequences of having an overly 
aggressive police force. But there also 
needs to be closer attention paid in 
the long term to how the police force 
is formed, trained and how they use 
their weapons and position of power 
against civilians.

WORLDFRONT WINDOW By David Juarez

Police Are Alienating Citizens That They Are Supposed to Protect
▶ POLICE, from page 4

readers can contact
marcus thuillier mthuilli@ucsd.edu @UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US 
ON TWITTER

GOT ISSUES?

BE HEARD
BY YOUR PEERS!

SEND YOUR 
LETTERS TO

OPINION@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSOUMYA  KURNOOLfeatures@ucsdguardian.org
THE UCSD GUARDIAN’S

YEAR IN REVIEW
Written by Chanelle Wang Staff Writer // Soumya Kurnool Features Editor // Page Layout by Joselynn Ordaz

2014 has been a tumultuous year for the nation and for UCSD students, as well. The UCSD 
Guardian profiles some of the biggest headlines of the year and why they matter to 

students at UCSD.

Jan 2

On Jan. 1, 2014, Colorado became the first state to allow the sale of 
recreational marijuana to anyone 21 and over. One reason behind 
permitting the sale of cannabis is that it would generate substantial 
tax revenue. Consumers hoping to obtain recreational marijuana 
must be ready to pay the state tax of 25 percent for retail cannabis, 
plus the state sales tax of 2.9 percent. Both Colorado and Washington 
legalized the use of recreational marijuana in 2012, with Washington 
doing so a few months after Colorado did. Currently, only four out of 
50 states have legalized recreational cannabis: Colorado, Washington, 
Oregon and Alaska. California has legalized medical marijuana, but 
politicians are still debating on the legality of recreational marijuana.

Colorado Legalizes Selling of Recreational Marijuana

2014

march

2014

May 17

2014

MAY 27

2014

The dreaded Ebola virus, which has killed around 6,000 people in West Africa 
this year, sent waves of fear across the world in its latest outbreak in Africa this 
year. Researchers claim the Ebola epidemic of 2014 was started with the death 
of a 2-year-old boy from a village in Guinea in December 2013. The virus then 
spread to his family members, who experienced similar symptoms and subse-
quently passed away, creating a cascade of sickness that intensified in March in 
countries such as Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Symptoms of Ebola Virus 
Disease include a “sudden onset of fever, intense weakness, muscle pain, head-
ache, nausea and sore throat, followed by vomiting, diarrhea, impaired kidney 
and liver function and, in some cases, internal and external bleeding,” as stated 
by the World Health Organization. EVD eventually spread across West Africa 
and made its way to America through workers helping patients in Monrovia, 
Liberia on July 24, 2014. From then on, Ebola infected 10 Americans and 
caused two deaths. Of the 10 infected Americans, two cases were contracted in 
the U.S., four cases were first diagnosed in the U.S. and six cases were evacuated 
to the U.S. from other countries. UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest is one of 
the hospitals authorized by the California Department of Public Health to treat 
any potential Ebola cases in the San Diego area.

United States Faces Recent Ebola Outbreak

Fellow Triton Ricardo “Ricky” Ambriz died as a result of a drug overdose 
on the night of UCSD’s annual Sun God Festival. After returning to his 
apartment in the Village East Tower, it is reported that he collapsed at 1:30 
a.m. Medical personnel quickly transported the computer science student to 
Scripps Memorial Hospital La Jolla, where he was pronounced dead at 2:30 
a.m. on May 17, 2014. Medical reports detected low levels of alcohol and the 
5-APB drug, also known as “Benzo Fury,” in his system at the time of death. 
Ricky Ambriz’s death was announced as an accidental overdose. Ambriz was 
an active member of the Triton family. He was a graduate of the UCSD Sum-
mer Bridge Program and a member of the Phi Iota Alpha fraternity as well 
as MEChA. He was also involved with OASIS and worked in the Climate, 
Atmospheric Science and Physical Oceanography business office at Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography.

Revelle Student Dies After Sun God Festival

On May 27, Elliot Rodger, a student at Santa Barbara City College, stabbed 
three people to death in his apartment and then shot three more people 
before killing himself. Seven others were wounded. That night before the 
rampage, Rodger had posted threats in a YouTube video. He repeatedly 
expressed frustration that “girls have never been attracted to [him],” a state-
ment that has been used to explain why he opened fire in front of the Alpha 
Phi sorority house and killed two sorority sisters. Students from all UC 
campuses expressed solidarity with the victims of the shooting, and around 
1,000 students at UCSD took part in a vigil to commemorate the victims of 
the shooting. The event opened up dialogue about gun control and posses-
sion of firearms that has continued to this day.

Communities Mourn the Loss of 6 Santa Barbara Students

USED WITH PERMISSION FROM FLICKR USER EUROPEAN COMMISSION DG ECHO

CORY WONG /GUARDIAN

JONATHAN GAO /GUARDIAN

DANIEL ROBERTO /GUARDIAN

2014



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

 

 Apply now for 2015 and learn more about each program at usfca.edu/asgrad. 

 

 

GRADUATE PROGRAMS AT

UNIVERSITY OF 
SAN FRANCISCO

CHANGE THE WORLD FROM HERE

 

MASTER’S PROGRAMS AT USF
> Analytics 

> Asia Pacific Studies

> Biology 

> Biotechnology 

> Collegiate Athletics 

> Computer Science 

> Development Economics 

> Economics 

> Environmental Management 

> International Studies

> Public Aairs 

> Sport Management 

> Urban Aairs 

> Writing, MFA

AUG 9

2014
On Aug. 9, 2014, African-American 18-year-old Michael Brown was fatally shot by 
white police officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson, Missouri. Despite allegedly having 
his hands up in surrender and being unarmed, Brown was reportedly shot five 
times. The circumstances of the shooting roused a nationwide concern regarding 
the behavior of American law enforcement toward African-Americans. Demonstra-
tors across the United States from cities like New York City and Los Angeles have 
made their voices heard through protests for an end to police brutality, especially 
against those of color. In Washington, D.C., demonstrators held silent “die-ins” to 
empathize with Brown, who lay on the street for four hours after Wilson’s deadly 
shots. Movements such as #DontShoot and #PrayforSTL on social media allowed 
the younger generation to make a statement and be heard. Tritons also took part 
in the Ferguson protests as they used their cars and bodies to block traffic on the 
busy northbound I-5. On Nov. 24, 2014, the grand jury chose not to indict Officer 
Wilson, and on Nov. 29, 2014, Wilson resigned from office with no severance.

Students Protest Decision Following Darren Wilson Case

OCT 21

2014

The Che Cafe was ordered to vacate the premises after a San Diego County 
Superior Court judge ruled against the Che Cafe’s appeal on Oct. 21. A 
campus facility since 1980, the Che Cafe had its cooperative status repealed 
by the Graduate Student Association in June in a 24–2–3 vote, was accused 
of failing to pay its rent, thereby going against the Master Space Agree-
ment contract it signed with UCSD in 2006. In May, the University Centers 
Advisory Board voted to remove the costs of repairing the Che, which 
include safety hazards identified by the UCSD fire marshal in 2010, from 
the budget. The Che Cafe and its supporters responded by protesting the 
eviction notice during the Save the Che Rally on Oct. 28. 

Che Cafe Served with Imminent Eviction Notice

nov 20

2014
The UC Board of Regents approved an annual 5-percent tuition increase for 
undergraduates for the next five years. The plan, developed by current UC 
President Janet Napolitano, intends to keep tuition “as low as possible and … as 
predictable as possible.” Napolitano believes that the tuition increase is necessary 
to cover rising costs and open enrollment to more California students. UC stu-
dents at all campuses have protested against the proposed tuition hike by holding 
rallies and even blocking the entrance of the building in which the UC Board of 
Regents holds their meetings. At UCSD, students organized an Occupy Peterson 
movement in which students orchestrated an overnight sit-in in Peterson Hall. 
Tritons also marched in protest, beginning at Silent Tree. On Nov. 20, 2014, the 
UC Board of Regents passed the tuition-increase plan 14–7, despite the angry 
protests of students.

Board of Regents Passes an Annual 5-Percent Tuition Increase

DANIEL ROBERTO /GUARDIAN

MERYL PRESS /GUARDIAN

CORY WONG /GUARDIAN

2014



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

A DAY OF AID
LGBT Resource Director Shaun Travers discusses the issue of AIDS

 and the fight against it at UCSD. 
Written By Soo Yun Park Contributing Writer // Infographic By Sherman Aline and Allison Kubo 

Globally, 35 million people are living with HIV/AIDS today, and 1.5 million AIDS-related deaths were record-ed in 2013 alone, according to reports published by 
UNAIDS, the World Health Organization and UNICEF. World 
AIDS Day, an all-day event, was hosted by UCSD on Dec. 1 to 
raise awareness and advocate education regarding the prevention 
and treatment of this widespread disease. 

Since its emergence in the early 1980s, AIDS, a disease 
caused by the virus HIV, has been elusive, preventing scien-
tists from discovering a cure. However, HIV medications have 
become so effective that the number of AIDS diagnoses in the 
world is much lower than it used to be before such treatments. 
Medication allows patients with HIV to lead mostly normal lives 
and enjoy a longer life expectancy, according to Shaun Travers, 
director of the UCSD LGBT Resource Center and chair of the 
committee in charge of this year’s World AIDS Day event.

World AIDS Day, first started on Dec. 1, 1988, has grown 
globally as more schools, institutions and individuals worldwide 
have begun hosting the event. This year, UCSD showcased the 
AIDS Memorial Quilt, the world’s largest continual community 
art project, first exhibited in 1887. This year’s theme “Getting 
to Zero” asks for the effort of the community worldwide to get 
to zero HIV infections, zero discrimination against those living 
with HIV and zero HIV/AIDS-related deaths. A free, private 
testing for HIV/AIDS was available all day.

Travers believes that getting to zero in terms of infection and 
discrimination will be possible with this generation.

“With the new potential ways that we can reduce the infec-
tion rate, I think that we can absolutely get to zero,” Travers said. 
“We can certainly get to zero in terms of discrimination, and 
that’s about education, that’s about people learning about HIV, 
it’s about learning about not having shame in terms of what it 
means to live with HIV, what it means to be HIV positive.”

Many of the panels at World AIDS Day focused on support-
ing specific gender and racial groups infected with HIV/AIDS 
such as women, Hispanics, African Americans and transgender 
youth. According to the Health and Human Services Agency, 
youths (13 to 24 years of age) comprised 5.8 percent of the total 
number of people in the San Diego County diagnosed with AIDS 
from 2007 to 2011. Of that 5.8 percent, 87.1 percent were male 

and 12.9 percent were female. And from 1981 to 2011 in San 
Diego County, of the youth diagnosed with HIV, 36.3 percent 
were Caucasians, 17.7 percent were African Americans, 41 per-
cent were Latino and 5 percent reported “other” races.

Although 65 percent of people in need are receiving treatment 
for HIV/AIDS today, many countries still lack or deny access 
to treatment, failing to adequately prevent the epidemic from 
spreading. Travers stated that some studies show a 94 percent 
chance of preventing HIV/AIDS through treatments and regular 
condom use. Risks of being infected and passing on the infection 
can also be high due to the misconceptions and lack of education 
about the disease. As reported by UNAIDS, 19 million people 
of the 35 million infected do not know that they are affected by 
HIV/AIDS.

“I think often a misconception is, ‘Oh, that’s really [only] 
happening on the continent of Africa and in specific African 
countries,’” Travers said. “It is still certainly impacting people 
right here in San Diego County. There is no cure for an HIV 
infection, there is no cure for AIDS. But there are things that 
people can do to protect themselves. Consistent and regular 
condom use is ideal.”

Dr. Ankita Kadakia, a physician specializing in HIV/AIDS 
treatment at UCSD’s Owen Clinic, spoke at a panel at World 
AIDS Day about pre-exposure prophylaxis, or PrEP, a pill taken 
once a day to help reduce the risks of being infected with HIV/
AIDS. With the research facilities at UCSD, many students have 
taken an interest in the work being done for HIV/AIDS. 

“It was very exciting to be at Dr. Kadakia’s talk and have stu-
dents — undergraduate students — be so inspired to continue to 
go into research, to want to go to graduate school, to want to be 
the researchers that are making a difference,” Travers said. “It’s so 
inspiring and empowering to see how our students are engaged, 
how our students are thinking about how they can educate other 
students.”

Students at UCSD who have been affected with HIV/AIDS 
are provided with many resources and support centers to turn 
to. The San Diego LGBT Community Center, UCSD’s LGBT 
Community Center and our Owen Clinic are a few of the many 
clinics that students can go to if they seek help with obtaining 
medication and how to live with the disease.

readers can contact
Soo Yun  park   syp008@ucsd.edu 

Statistics Worldwide Statistics Locally

San  Diego  LGBT  
Community  Center
thecentersd.org 
(619) 692-2077

UCSD   LGBT
 Community  CEnter
lgbt.ucsd.edu
(858) 822-3493
UCSD  Owen  Clinic
owenclinic.ucsd.edu 
(619) 543-3995

 RESOURCES:



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

For many athletes, the last time to 
represent their school is a moment 
of rebirth. When the time comes to 
hang up that jersey for the last time, 
the pressure is on to put everything 
on the line in the final moments of 
a career. Seniors Michelle Le Roux 
and Madison Tanner of the wom-
en’s cross country team and senior 
Tanner Collins of the men’s squad 
can hang their singlets and flats 
up knowing they did their school 
proud in their final collegiate per-
formances on the national stage. 
The senior Tritons, along with the 
entirety of the women’s cross coun-
try squad that qualified for nation-
als, produced respectable results at 
the NCAA Championships, held 
this past Saturday in Louisville, 
Kentucky. 

A week earlier, the women 
qualified as a whole team at the 

NCAA West Regionals, utilizing an 
extremely effective team-based pack 
running strategy. This Saturday, the 
Tritons stuck to that same success-
ful approach in a 21st place overall 
team finish. 

Junior Marie Diaz was first to 
finish for the Tritons, coming in 
at 76th place with a time of 22 
minutes and 40.7 seconds. Not far 
behind was Le Roux who finished 
in 116th with a time of 23:01.3. 
Juniors Corrine Hinkle and Paige 
Hughes finished within one and a 
half seconds of each other at 23:15.6 
and 23:17, respectively. Overall, 
the Tritons’ 21st place finish was a 
solid effort out of the 32 competing 
squads. Grand Valley State swept 
the top three places and went on to 
win the team award as well.

Collins was the lone representa-
tive for the men’s squad. He earned 
his spot at the NCAA Championships 
at the West Regionals with a per-
formance that won him All-West 

Region Honors. His time of 32:12.2 
for the 10-kilometer course this past 
weekend earned him a 78th place 
finish out of 245 of the top runners 
from all over the country. Adams 
State University won the team title 
on the men’s side for the sixth time 
in seven years, led by its repeating 
individual title winner junior Tabor 
Stevens. 

UCSD concludes its season on 
a remarkable note. Everyone, from 
top to bottom, performed admirably 
at Tom Sawyer Park, and the seniors 
can rest easy knowing all the blood 
and sweat poured into the program 
over the years was well-spent. The 
Tritons will lose crucial members in 
seniors Le Rou, Tanner and Collins 
but will still maintain a strong core 
of experienced runners for next 
year’s campaign. 

“We try and take what they give 
us,” Olen said. “They did make an ef-
fort to limit our opportunities from 
three-point range, so that opened 
up some space for us to attack the 
basket and make some plays around 
the rim.”

Sophomore guard Adam Klie 
and Walker had identical stat lines, 
both scoring 16, three rebounds and 
two assists. Junior forward Drew 
Dyer and Van Dyke also scored in 
double digits, finishing with 10 and 
12, respectively. Walker has been 
averaging 12.6 points, 3.4 rebounds, 
2.6 assists and two steals in the last 
five games.

“Hunter is a very versatile guy. 

He can play different positions, and 
he really makes things easier from 
a matchup standpoint,” Olen said. 
“Offensively, he has done a better 
job this year being more efficient. 
Part of it is shot selection; some of 
that has been the matchup that he 
has gotten.”

 The Tritons will be put to the test 
in their next slate of games, as they 
face off against No.17 California 
Baptist University (5–1) on Friday, 
Dec. 12, before hosting a five game 
homestand over a span of three 
weeks against the California Colle-
giate Athletic Association’s strongest 
squads. 

UCSD to Close out Roadstand on Friday
▶ M. BASKETBALL, from page 12

readers can contact
  daniel  sung     d2sung@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
  clay  kaufman     gckaufma@ucsd.edu 

BY clay  kau fman 
staff writer

CROSS  COUNTRY

Strong Triton Performances at Nationals
Tanner Collins and the women’s cross country team finish respectably at NCAAs. 

@UCSD_Sports

Follow us on Twitter

Water Polo Concludes Season with 16–11 Overall Record
           

The Cardinal piled on the lead with 
five more goals in the third quarter, 
while UCSD could only muster one 
score from Stiling. The final frame on 
the Tritons’ year was a high-scoring 
affair, as both squads scored five 
apiece to conclude the match at a 
20–11 tally. 

Dietrich and Stiling both found 
the back of the net four times, while 
Ravanbach recorded only four saves 
against the Cardinal’s high-powered 
offense. Stanford’s junior Bret 

Bonanni finished with an amazing, 
game-high eight goals. 

Following the third-place match, 
top-seeded No. 1 UCLA went on to 
take the national title against third-
seeded No. 3 USC in an intense 9–8 
thriller. The UCLA win shattered 
a six-year streak of Trojan NCAAs 
titles. 

After an impressive 2014 season, 
the Tritons will lose a strong class of 
eight seniors in Luca De Vivo, Diet-
rich, David Higginson, Dan Lorch, 
Matt Michalko, Ravanbach, Stiling 
and Lukas Syka, each of whom 

paved the way to UCSD’s home pool 
NCAAs Final Four appearance. 

“We have a great program,” 
Harper said. “The culture in our 
program is great. Great players 
help perpetuate that. It isn’t just the 
coaching staff. These eight seniors 
that we’ve had, though, raised the 
level of accountability and responsi-
bility in this program. They’ve set the 
table for even greater things.”

▶ M. WATER POLO, from page 12

readers can contact
  brandon  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
crossword

ACROSS
1 Humped beast
6 Sidewalk eatery
10 Drive in reverse, with “up”
14 McCain beater
15 State with assurance
16 Double-reed woodwind
17 Final bios
18 Grand Theft Auto, e.g.
20 Young man
21 General __ chicken: Chinese dish
23 Stateroom
24 Become fuzzy
25 Nine-to-five grind
27 Sterling afternoon serving pieces
31 Tense
32 Take it easy
33 A/C capacity meas.
36 Best poker pair
37 Dew’s chilly cousin
39 Rachel’s sister
40 Golfing standard
41 Committed perjury
42 Actor Danny
44 Ideal mate
46 Brings into harmony
49 Sales staff members, briefly
50 Made an effort
51 Conceal
52 Highest-ranking USN officer
55 Annual English sports event that 

begins today, and a hint to this puz-
zle’s theme

58 AM/FM apparatus
60 52-Down son
61 Croon
62 Bucky Beaver’s toothpaste
63 Make over
64 Toy dog, briefly
65 Dud of a car

DOWN
1 Chilly
2 “Mamma Mia!” group
3 Word after nurse or milk
4 CPR performer
5 Final race segment
6 Frolic
7 Hertz competitor
8 G-man
9 Before, in poetry
10 “The African Queen” costar
11 Addis __
12 Stand-up performer
13 New Hampshire city
19 Musical eightsome
22 Foolproof
24 Some men’s underwear
25 Actress Charlotte and explorer John
26 Per what was previously mentioned
27 Suds source
28 Ancient Andean
29 Ogle
30 Wear gradually
33 Suspenders alternative
34 After-bath powder
35 “This can’t be good”
38 Gridiron zebras
39 Pastoral places
41 Tennis great Ivan
43 Put in danger
44 Zuni or Hopi home
45 Recoil in fear
46 Battling
47 “Survivor” unit
48 Measured with a stopwatch
51 Goose’s cry
52 Sixth-day creation
53 Flintstone pet
54 Ghostly sound
56 Paranormal ability
57 Conk out
59 Gorilla, e.g.

AUTO
2006 Ford F 150 White - This truck is super 
clean inside and out and it has ice cold air 
and near new tires!!! It has been dealer 
serviced and it will sell fast!!!!  Listing ID: 
96660397 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

2005 Honda Civic Ex - This is a very well-
maintained vehicle with only 96K miles!  
Listing ID: 96660395 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

1969 Plymouth Roadrunner - Newer dual 
exhaust, power brakes, power steering, A/C, 
bucket seats, console, original factory AM 
radio, additional modern stereo under the 
dash. Listing ID: 96586299 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

FURNITURE
IKEA TV/Entertainment Stand - Less than 
4 yrs old. Amble shelving, DVD storage, 
and a small drawer. Can fit a 40”width and 
25” Height television no problem. Terrific 
condition with minor wear. Listing ID: 
96660415 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Brown Leather Recliner - Extremely com-
fortable and super plush chocolate brown 
leather recliner with no signs of wear and 
tear. Extra cushion. I bought new at Costco 

for $699 3 years ago. I’m practically giving it 
away. Listing ID: 96660411 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Nice table and chairs - The chairs have 
carving and have nice cloth tie downs that 
can be removed. The table is 30 in. tall x38 
wide.x 54 long. The chairs are 18ins to the 
seat and are 18x18, total height is 46 ins. 
Attractive condition. Can be sold sepa-
rately. Each chair $20 and the table $35. 
Listing ID: 96586302 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

ELECTRONICS
7 Inch widescreen portable DVD player for 
car, plane, camping - With a convenient 
on-screen display menu, multiple viewing 
angles, subtitles, multiple viewing speeds 
zoom functions and a private headphone 
jack, the V-Zon could be your traveling 
companion for a long time to come. Enjoy 
your DVDs anytime, anywhere, with this 
unit! Listing ID: 96529581 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Sony Playstation 4 like new PS4 - I have a 
literally like new PS4 for sale. It is a black 
PS4 with a controller and all of the other 
necessary wires needed and original box. 
It still has a manufacture warranty on. I 
am asking $350 for it. Listing ID: 96529580 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Samsung 40” 1080p LCD HDTV - Samsung 
LN40B530 40-inch high definition 
TELEVISION with 1080p resolution, excel-
lent picture. Like new. Can be wall mounted. 
Comes with remote and stand. Asking $400 
obo. Listing ID: 96529575 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!.com/ucsdguardian

LECTURE
NOTES
IS HIRING
NOTETAKERS
FOR WINTER ‘15

Pick up an application at
Lecture Notes in the

Student Center

Must have 3.0 or better

Application & SAMPLE NOTES
 are due Wed of finals week

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

LINK’S JANGMADANG TOUR
PC WEST, RED SHOE ROOM

MON12.08
Tahrir

CAMPUS
CALENDAR
DEC 08 - DEC 14

2014 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

MON12.08 WED12.10TUE12.09
1pm
MEET UPS: CAREER CONVERSATIONS - BLACK 
RESOURCE CENTER
Informal and fun career chats with a career advisor.

2:30pm
MEET-UPS: CAREER CONVERSATIONS - 
STUDENT VETERANS RESOURCE CENTER
Informal and fun career chats with a career advisor.

5pm
AA CAMPUS MEETING - THE ZONE
Open AA Meeting held at the Zone every Monday from 
5:00 PM- 6:00 PM. Questions? Contact the Zone at 
zone@ucsd.edu

8pm
LINK’S JANGMADANG TOUR- PC WEST, RED 
SHOE ROOM
Liberty in North Korea's (LiNK) Cal-West Nomads will be 
making a presentation about the current state of North 
Korea. 

11am
ART AND SOUL: CD ORNAMENTS - THE ZONE
The shiny new way to spruce up your room for the holidays. 
Workshops are free; all supplies and materials provided. 
Space is limited and is first come, first served.

4pm
DE-STRESS POWER HOUR: R&R SQUAD AND 
DE-STRESS WITH BIOFEEDBACK - THE ZONE
Come out to the Zone to get a free massage and while you're 
waiting, measure your stress levels through De-Stress with 
Biofeedback!

8pm
ARGENTINE TANGO CLUB WEEKLY GUIDED 
PRACTICA - MAIN GYM - WEST BALCONY
Argentine Tango Club presents a guided practica for 
beginners and advanced beginners from 8-9 pm on 
Wednesdays during spring quarter. No partner is required. No 
prior experience is necessary! The guided practica is free for 
club members

SUN12.14
2pm
LA JOLLA SYMPHONY: STILL (AFRO-AMERICAN 
SYMPHONY) AND BEETHOVEN’S 9TH - MANDEVILLE 
AUDITORIUM
William Grant "Still" (Afro-American Symphony) Ludwig van 
Beethoven Symphony No. 9 Guest artists: Natalie Mann, soprano; 
Southwell Peabody, mezzo-soprano, Enrique Toral, tenor; Ron 
Banks, bass.

FRI12.12
11am
FITNESS ZONE - THE ZONE
Challenge yourself and workout at The Zone with a 
new classes each week led by a certified UCSD 
Recreation Instructor.

12pm
INTERNATIONAL CAFE - INTERNATIONAL 
CENTER PATIO
Every Friday during the academic year, there are 
lunches $5 per person with a vegetarian alternative 
available. Interact with member of the UCSD 
community from all over the world while eating a 
delicious meal.

4pm
AUTHOR APPEARANCE: FRANCINE MARY 
NETTER, MEDICINE’S MICHELANGELO - 
UC SAN DIEGO BOOKSTORE - 1ST FLOOR
This is the first biography of the illustrious figure 
Frank Netter MD. 

7pm
OUTREACH TRIVIA NIGHT - HOME PLATE 
CAFE
FOOD, FACTS, FRIENDS, & FUN! Come to Home 
Plate Café to meet new people and test your 
knowledge of various trivia categories! Free entry to 
all UCSD students, teams of 4, and prizes for 
winning team! Make this a weekly event and turn 
up the competition! Happy hour prices on food and 
drinks for trivia participants! ALL STUDENTS 
WELCOME!

8:15pm
TRITON’S FALL SHOW - PRICE CENTER 
THEATER
Love music? Want to end your fall quarter with a 
bang? Its that time of the year again! The UCSD 
Tritones are once again holding the Annual Fall 
Show! Our set features amazing songs from your 
favorite artists, including Foster the People, Florida 
Georgia Line, and The Neighbourhood! We have 
been working hard all quarter and can't wait to 
perform for our friends, family, and a cappella 
supporters!

SAT12.13
7:30pm
GOLDEN BOY - SHEILA AND HUGHES POTIKER 
THEATER
Clifford Odet's 1937 ensemble driven play about Chasing 
the American Dream arrives re-imagined in a boxing ring at 
the Sheila and Hughes Potiker Theatre this December.

THU12.11
10am
MEDITATION AT THE ZONE - THE ZONE, PC 
PLAZA
Join us for a guided meditation where you can: gain 
greater mental clarity, achieve a peaceful state of being, 
learn techniques to de-stress, and achieve harmony amid 
cognitive dissonance.

1:30pm
THERAPY FLUFFIES - THE ZONE
Come de-stress and play with and pet therapy dogs at 
The Zone!

8pm
MARSHALL UNPLUGGED: OPEN MIC NIGHT - 
OCEAN VIEW TERRACE
Want to show UCSD your TALENT? Come perform at 
OVT's Open Mic NIght! Read poetry, sing, rap, play a 
guitar, piano or the spoons. Everyone is welcome to 
perform and watch. No sign ups necessary. Just show 
up!

SURVEY

asce.ucsd.edu

Take the ASCE Entertainment Survey. Give input on what kind of 
events, music genres, and artists you want to see. This survey 

determines what artists ASCE selects for Sun God Festival, 
Hullabaloo, and other concerts throughout the year. 

http://studentvoice.com/ucsd/asceentertainment

Make sure your voice is heard! 

For questions, contact avpconcerts@ucsd.edu.



With just three games left on the 
road before returning to La Jolla for 
its long-awaited home opener, the 
UCSD men’s basketball team looked 
to end its nine-game road stint on a 
strong note in Northern California. 
However, the results were some-
what mixed as the Tritons first took 
a heartbreaking 64–62 loss to Cal 
State Monterey Bay in the final sec-
onds on Friday before dominating 
Cal State East Bay 76–65 the follow-
ing night.

UCSD (4–2) was edged by Mon-
terey Bay (4–3) in an intense final 
three seconds on Friday that ended 
with a desperate full-court heave 
from junior guard Hunter Walker.  

The Tritons struggled out of the 
gate offensively, hitting only 26 per-
cent of their attempts in the first half 
to fall into a 30–22 deficit 20 min-
utes into the game. In the second 
half, Cal State Monterey Bay ap-
peared to pull away with the game, 
slowly creating a 13-point lead. 

UCSD, however, would not go 
down without a fight, slowly crawl-
ing back into the game and cutting 
the lead down to one with six min-

utes remaining in the game. Much 
of the Tritons’ offense in the come-
back effort was a result of their de-
fensive plays, as the Tritons scored 
28 points off of 19 forced turnovers. 

“We did a much better job get-
ting some stops and creating some 
turnovers, leading to chances offen-
sively,” UCSD head coach Eric Olen 
said. “We struggled shooting in 
the first half, so we had some good 
opportunities to get it going offen-
sively, got us going a little bit. It gave 
us a really good chance to win the 
game, but we came up a bit short. “

In the final minutes, both squads 
kept each other within reach. Walk-
er’s three-pointer brought the Tri-
tons to a one-point deficit with two 
minutes remaining. Down one and 
with the shot clock turned off, the 
Tritons had to foul with 20 seconds 
left, ultimately giving the Otters a 
three-point lead.

Off an inbounds play with three 
seconds left, sophomore guard Jeff 
Van Dyke used a pump fake to free 
himself and sank a clutch three-
pointer to tie the game at 62 apiece. 

Despite the shot, Otter guard 
Mateo Jones was able to quickly 
sneak behind the Triton defensive 
down to receive a Hail Mary pass 
and make a routine layup, giving the 

Otters the two-point lead with only 
1.7 seconds remaining on the clock. 
One final heave from Walker just 
barely missed, and the Tritons hope 
for a comeback victory was quelled.

Sophomore guard Aleks Lipo-
vic scored 14 points and added 
two steals. Walker finished with 11 
points, two rebounds and two steals. 
Van Dyke recorded 14 points, shoot-
ing four for five from behind the arc. 

The Tritons would not make 
the same mistake of playing from 
behind against Cal State East Bay. 
UCSD, who would only led by one 
at halftime, wasted no time in the 
second half, quickly creating a com-
fortable lead. 

The Pioneers’ heavy defensive 
pressure forced the Tritons to drive 
the ball and denied them their of-
fensive forte of shooting the three. 
However, UCSD made it clear that 
it could score in ways other than 
shooting the deep ball. 

UCSD had 36 points in the paint 
while attempting a season-low 12 
three-pointers. The offensive was 
clicking on all cylinders, converting 
on a season-high 52 percent while 
the defense held Cal State East Bay 
to only 37-percent shooting.

See M. BASKETBALL, page 9

UCSD Takes Fourth at NCAAs
MEN'S WATER  POLO

Despite two home losses in their Final Four appearance, the Tritons closed out a spectacular 2014 campaign.
BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR // PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE

MEN'S BASKETBALL

Tritons Struggle to Maintain Consistency
CSUMB slips past UCSD in the final seconds while Tritons dominate CSUEB. 

BY Dan i el su ng
associate sports editor

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN FILE

SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  8 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

W. Basketball
M. Basketball
W. Basketball
M. Basketball
Swim & Dive

  12/12
   12/12
   12/21      
   12/21 
   12/29

AT Cal Poly Pomona 
AT Cal Baptist University
VS Cal Poly Pomona
VS Cal Poly Pomona
AT San Diego State

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

Despite a strong and valiant effort, the No. 6 UCSD men’s water polo team failed to keep up at Canyonview Pool during this past weekend’s National Collegiate Men’s Water Polo Championships. The Tritons fell 15–6 to first-seeded No. 2 UCLA in 
the semifinals on Saturday and lost to second-seeded No. 1 Stanford 20–11 on Sunday in the 
third-place match.
UCSD concludes its 2014 campaign with a 16–11 overall record and, in spite of this weekend’s 
losing effort, caps off a season full of improbable success. 
         “The outcome of these last two games is nothing to take away from the season that we’ve 
had and the careers that we’ve had at UCSD,” senior utility Josh Stiling said. “Making it this far 
was the cherry on top to one of the best periods of my life. I’m just glad that I got to share it 
with some of my best friends and a great coach.”
          Saturday afternoon’s semifinals matchup opened up as a tight battle. While the Bruins 
took an early lead on the first possession of the game, the Tritons fired back with a goal from 
senior 2M Joe Dietrich. UCLA would score one more to take a narrow 2–1 edge by the end of 
the first quarter.
         Both squads remained neck-and-neck early on in the second frame, until UCLA finally 
broke loose halfway through the period. 
After the Bruins netted an early score in the quarter, Stiling responded for the Tritons with a 
goal to maintain a reachable 3–2 score. However, after a strong showing from both defenses, 

UCLA went on a 5–1 run in the final minutes of the half to stifle any realistic hopes of a Triton 
victory. 
          “We would make a move to counter [UCLA], and then the very next possession, they 
would answer right back,” Dietrich said. “Maybe if we got some timely stops after that, it could 
have been a different game. Ultimately, we went out and executed what we could. They’re just a 
really good team.”
           Leading by a 8–3 score entering the final two quarters, the Bruins cruised to the cham-
pionship final. UCSD would score three goals in the second half to UCLA’s seven. Dietrich 
would finish as the Tritons’ top scorer with a pair of goals, while senior goalkeeper Cameron 
Ravanbach recorded eight saves in the losing effort. 
           “I thought that we actually executed a darn good game plan, but at the end of the day, 
UCLA is too strong and too deep,” UCSD head coach Denny Harper said. “There’s a reason why 
they went undefeated in [Mountain Pacific Sports Federation] play.”
           During Sunday’s third-place match against second-seeded No. 1 Stanford, another late 
first-half push overwhelmed the Tritons. 
           UCSD managed to keep up with the Cardinal in the opening stretch of play as goals 
from Stiling and Dietrich put the score at 4–2 after one quarter. The Tritons did cut the defi-
cit to a 5–4 score in the early minutes of the second frame, but similar to the Bruins’ efforts, 
Stanford broke free with a 5–1 run to conclude the half at a 10–5 score. 

See M. WATER POLO, page 9


