
THE 2014
MIDTERM ELECTION

California Govenror Jerrry 
Brown is one of several 

candidates seeking statewide 
election this year. Read our 

endorsements of candidates 
and ballot measures in this 

year’s voter guide.

A  CHALLENGING  52ND

TRITONS  BOW  OUT

Peters,  DeMaio  keeping  close

Postseason   cut  short  for   Soccer

Features,  Page  4

sports,  Page  12

MONDAY
H 72 L 50

TUESDAY
H 81 L 53

WEDNESDAY
H 86 L 57

THURSDAY
H 87 L 57

FORECAST

VERBATIM

The ultimate goal is that 
Mexico and California work 
together in these areas that 
are needed to secure a more 
sustainable future and a 
long-lasting regional eco-
nomic development.”

- Leonardo Beltran
Deputy Secretary of 

Energy, Mexico

NEWS, PAGE 2

INSIDE
Average Cat .................... 2
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Peters/DeMaio ................ 4
Crossword .................... 10
Water Polo .................... 12

“

OpIniON,  PAGE 6

UCSD Ranks 
Eighteenth in 
New Global 
Report

CAMPUS

The La Jolla Campus is one of 
five public schools in the top 
20, following UC Berkeley, 
third, and UCLA, eighth. 

BY  Brian   I n i gu ez
staff Writer

UCSD has been ranked the 
18th best university in the world 
and the third best University of 
California school in a new global 
ranking released by U.S. News & 
World Report.

UCSD was one of only five public 
US schools ranked in the top 20 
schools. UC Berkeley and UCLA were 
ranked third and eighth, respectively. 

The report measured a total of 
10 weighted factors that contributed 
to a school’s overall score. Some 
factors included global and regional 
research reputation, the number 
of highly-cited papers, the quality 
of international collaboration and 
the number of persons receiving a 
doctorate from that school. 

The data collected for the study 
were based on survey-like responses 
from participants. According to 
the U.S. News & World Report 
website, the main objective was “to 
create a comprehensive snapshot 
of academics’ opinions about 
world universities [and] ha[ve] 
respondents give their views of the 
disciplinary programs with which 
they were familiar.”  

UCSD scored highly in multiple 
categories in the national arena 
and was ranked first in behavioral 
neuroscience, third in bioengineering, 
fourth in econometrics, seventh 
in the biomedical field for schools 
offering doctorates and eighth for 
Top Public Universities. 

This high standing is consistent 
with other ranked reports as well. 
The Academic Ranking of World 
Universities placed UCSD as the 
14th best university in the world 
earlier this year, and the Center for 
World University Rankings named 
the university 20th best. 

“UC San Diego is home to many 
of the world’s top scholars who 
are at the forefront of their fields 
and who are conducting research 
that is transforming lives,” UCSD 
Chancellor Pradeep K. Khosla said 
in a statement. “We are very proud 
of this new ranking that recognizes 
the strength and talent of our 
campus members and the impact of 
our work.”

The 2014 release of the U.S. 
News & World Report’s Best Global 
Universities Ranking Report is the 
first for the magazine, and the effect 
of ranking a school higher in this 
particular report is difficult to predict. 
However, new student enrollments 
have increased 51 percent in the past 
decade overall. Sixty-six percent of 
these enrolled students are freshmen, 
and 34 percent are transfer students.

By meryl Press   associate news Editor

UC  SYSTEM

Tuition Increase Likely for 2015 
UCSD students should expect tuition to rise 

between 4 and 5 percent for the next school year, 
according to a member of the UC Board of Regents.

For the past three years, tuition has 
remained stagnant across the University of 
California system. However, while tuition was 
frozen, expenses continued to grow, which led 
UC Regents Board Member George Kieffer 
to speculate in an interview with the UCSD 
Guardian that tuition will likely rise soon. 

Kieffer said he presumed that the raise would 
affect both in-state and out-of-state students. 

“It’s difficult to foresee a healthy future without 
building tuition in some way,” Kieffer said. “I think 
we should be prepared to face a sense of reality that 
tuition cannot be frozen forever, and in the end 

that’s not sustainable [or] a solution.”
Kieffer, who has been a Regent since 2009, said 

he feels tuition increases, when necessary, should 
not come as a shock to families.

“It would be smarter to make these increases 
smaller and consistent and to provide some 
planning ability for parents and students, rather 
than to [make] dramatically larger increases without 
any advance notice,” he said. 

The state has slowly withdrawn funding from 
UC campuses for the past 20 years, which has 
reduced UCSD’s funding to one-third of the amount 
it had previously received from the state. Along with 
this, Gov. Jerry Brown recently vetoed a $50 million 
funding bill that was aimed at addressing deferred 
maintenance in UC facilities. 

See TUITION, page 3

readers can contact
Brian  iniguez  biniguez@ucsd.edu

TRANSPORTATION

Construction Begins on New Parking Structure
The garage, planned for east campus, is scheduled to be completed by December 2015. 

UCSD’s Campus Architect Joel 
King announced the construction of a 
new East Campus Parking Structure in 
an email to university affiliates on Oct. 
29. The parking structure will host 
1,200 new parking spaces and will be 
built atop Lot P756. 

Construction officially began on 
Nov. 1 and is expected to last until Dec. 
1 of next year.

Director of Auxiliary Business 
Services Robert Holden told the UCSD 
Guardian that UCSD is building the 
new parking structure to replace the 
surface lot spaces that are being lost to 
construction.

“All surface lots are designated 
as building sites,” Holden said. “As 
buildings are added, the campus 
loses available parking. This structure 
is to address the impact of the new 
buildings that have been built and are 
being built on East Campus.”

Holden told the Guardian that 
the new structure is being built to 

incorporate energy storage and to 
maximize efficiency. The lighting will 
be LED, but the design will allow the 
structure to capture existing light, 
which will decrease the need for 
additional light during the day.

Though the construction of the 
new structure will cost $25 million, 
it was specifically modeled to be self-
sufficient. Patient and visitor fees alone 
will cover the costs, and students fees 
will not be affected at all.

The structure will only replace 
existing patient, visitor and staff 
parking. Thus, it will have no impact 
on student spaces, even during 
construction.

While Lot P756 will be 
permanently closed for the duration 
of construction, the university will 
relocate its “A” and “ADA” parking 
spaces to Lot P760 and Lot P751, 
respectively, and Lot P760’s “B” 
spaces to Lot P783. The construction 
zone will absorb a row of parking 
spaces in Lot P703 as well.

During construction, UCSD will 
narrow Health Sciences Drive to two 
lanes. Flagmen will be present to 

keep public traffic from entering the 
construction staging area and will 
provide direction to construction 
vehicles.

UCSD is also going to close the 
sidewalk and stairs on the north side 
of Health Sciences Drive. Pedestrians, 
however, will be able to travel on a new 
staircase located at the intersection of 
Voigt Drive and Health Sciences Drive 
which leads to the south side of Health 
Sciences Drive.

Additionally, UCSD will close the 
sidewalk in front of Lot P756 on the 
east side of Medical Center Drive, 
which will require pedestrians to 
use the west sidewalk along Medical 
Center Drive.

Bicyclists will have to share the 
road with vehicle traffic as UCSD will 
remove the dedicated bike lanes.

UCSD will relocate the SuperLoop 
bus stop that is currently on the east 
side of Medical Center Drive to the 
north side of Medical Center Drive 
near the corner of Campus Point Drive. 

BY   Jacky To
senior staff writer

Splat-o-Lantern
A 500-pound, candy-filled pumpken plummeted off the roof of Tioga Hall during the the annual Muir College Pumpkin Drop on 
Friday, Oct. 31. The splatter left by the pumpkin exceeded the previous record of 100 feet.  Photo by Siddarth Atre/Guardian.

readers can contact
jacky to j6to@ucsd.edu

VOLUME 48, ISSUE 10  MONDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

 

TACO SHOP

www.eataburrito.com

858-456-0462

FREE
TACOS
ROLLED

Buy any 4 Burritos
(Cali, La Jolla, Vegi, 
or Scripps) burritos. 
Get 15 Rolled Tacos 

with cheese!

No Cash Value • Must have 
coupon • Cannot combine 
coupons at the register • 

Expires 6/15/2015

Registration for FALL Qtr is NOW open!

Register online at 
as.ucsd.edu/saferides
A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get 3 FREE rides per quarter.
Students must register at least 24 hours
prior to their first ride. 

A.S. 

asucsd

Safe Rides 

asucsd

CALIFORNIA

UC President Announces New Partnership With Mexico 

University of California President 
Janet Napolitano and the Mexican 
Secretariat of Energy Deputy Secretary 
of Energy Leonardo Beltran met at 
the Lawrence Berkeley National 
Laboratory on Oct. 30 to sign a 
memorandum of understanding, 
which outlined the nature and scope of 
collaboration between the two parties 
over the next five years. 

Collaborations mentioned within 
the MoU focused on finding renewable 
energy resources and included possible 
research, meetings between scholars, 
scientists and administrators and 
development of graduate programs in 
the field of renewable energy. 

“The deepening collaboration and 
projects we are developing between 
Mexico and California will contribute 

to the much-needed efforts against 
climate change,” said Beltran in a 
statement released on Oct. 30. “The 
ultimate goal is that Mexico and 
California work together in these 
areas that are needed to secure a more 
sustainable future and a long-lasting 
regional economic development.”

The signing was a part of a much 
larger UC system-Mexico initiative 
that was launched in January and 
based in UC Riverside. The goal of 
the initiative is to create a sustained, 
strategic and equal partnership 
between the UC system and Mexico 
by unifying existing programs, such as 
academic collaborations and student 
exchange programs, while developing 
new programs as well. The initiative 
further addresses common issues, such 
as that of renewable energy. 

In May, Napolitano began a 
round of meetings between the UC 
system and Mexico by traveling 

to Mexico City to sign a previous 
and withstanding MoU with the 
Mexican National Council of 
Science and Technology. This first 
MoU extended the UC system 
and Mexico’s prior Agreement of 
Cooperation in Higher Education 
and Research, which focused on 
academic partnerships.

The initiative chose the UC 
Berkeley lab as the location of the 
signing due to the UC system-
supported Mexican postdoctoral 
research set to take place there in 
the near future. After the signing, 
the group, including UC Riverside 
Chancellor Kim Wilcox, toured 
various parts of the lab, including 
the Advanced Light Source and 
FLEXLAB. These areas of the lab 
allow researchers to develop and test 
building systems under real world 
conditions, either individually or as 
an integrated system. 

The purpose of the postdoctoral 
stays will be to complete specific 
laboratory, library or field research 
and to undertake specialized 
training. The first three postdoctoral 
researchers chosen to be a part of 
the program will begin working in 
January 2015. 

“Berkeley Lab is proud to be the 
site for the signing of this historic 
MoU,” said Berkeley Lab Deputy 
Director Horst Simon. “Now is the 
right time for California to work 
on these issues of common interest 
with Mexico as they focus on their 
energy sector. I’m looking forward to 
seeing more collaboration between 
UC and SENER that will further 
our mutual research efforts and 
continue our tradition of bringing 
science solutions to the world.”

BY  bryn na bo lt
staff writer

readers can contact
Tina butoiu   cbutoiu@ucsd.edu 

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Nice work, pal.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Lauren Koa

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Kyle Somers

Taylor Sanderson

Siddarth Atre

Alwin Szeto

Dorothy Van

Joselynn Ordaz

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Associate Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Lauren Koa, Zoe McCracken

Copy Readers
Andrew Chao, Caroline Lee, Jennifer Grundman, Micaela 

Stone, Kriti Sarin, Regina Young

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Teiko Yakobson, Jonah Yonker

ucsdguardian.org

CAN’T GET ENOUGH?  FIND MORE ONLINE AT: 



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

As a result, Kieffer explained that 
the UC Regents have taken several 
steps in dealing with the lack of 
funding, such as the implementation 
of the Working Smarter Initiative 
and increased efforts in private and 
statewide philanthropy.

The Working Smarter 
Initiative is the implementation 
of a systemwide change that will 
combine the purchasing power of 
all UC campuses and reduce UCSD’s 
expenditures, which will allow more 
money to be funneled into programs 
such as teaching and research. 

Kieffer also commented on 
placing a potential cap on the 
amount of out-of-state students that 
UCSD accepts due to complaints 
from the public that not enough 
California students are being 

admitted. He explained that every 
accepted out-of-state student’s 
tuition payments fund an in-state 
student’s tuition. Therefore, it is a 
balancing act of how much space 
and money are available, along with 
a cultural balancing act of what type 
of student body is best for UCSD. 

“Our position thus far has 
been that we are not [limiting 
in-state students] — we’ve taken 
every [in-state] student, and we’ve 
actually created more resources by 
taking out-of-state students, [which 
is] helpful in a time of economic 
tightening,” Kieffer said. “So, how 
much we can continue to do — that 
is a question that I have, [but] I 
think within a year we’ll have an 
answer, if not sooner.”

The University of California 
Student Association released a 
petition that went live on Oct. 30 

which demands that the UC system 
roll back tuition levels. When 
the Guardian questioned Kieffer 
on the scope of impact that the 
petition might have on the regents’ 
decision to increase tuition, he 
explained that it does not want to 
raise tuition but that it has run out 
of options. 

“In the end, we’re going to have 
to make a judgment about whether 
there is a tuition increase or not on 
what’s best overall for the University 
and its continued success,” Kieffer 
said. “But a petition itself doesn’t 
change things, [and] we’re at a point 
where the low-hanging fruit is not 
available.” 

UC Regent: Student Petition Will Not Impact Tuition Decision.
▶ TUITION, from page 1

readers can contact
meryl press  mpress@ucsd.edu

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

Friday, Oct. 24
8:38 p.m.: Injury 
A young adult male cut his hand 
on broken glass in Tenaya Hall. 
Transported to hospital.
10:44 p.m.: Person Down
An officer observed an adult male 
passed out by Lot P357. Closed by 
adult arrest.

Saturday, Oct. 25
1:48 a.m.: Drunk in Public
An adult male was cited for 
underage consumption of alcohol 
from an open container. Closed by 
adult citation. 
7:43 p.m.: Suspicious Person
An adult female approached people 
on Gilman Drive and asked for 
money. Cited.

Sunday, Oct 26
3:35 p.m.: Injury
A young adult male’s head was 
bleeding after falling off his bicycle 
on Library Walk. Transported to 
hospital.
9:54 pm.: Explosion
The sound of an explosion was 
reported by the Village West, with 
no signs of smoke or fire. Unable to 
locate.

Monday, Oct. 27
12 p.m.: Grand Theft
An unattended backpack with a 
wallet, laptop and clothing inside 
was stolen from Price Center, with a 
total loss of $1,000. Report taken.
4 p.m.: Animal Call
An unleashed puppy knocked over 
a toddler in the Coast Apartments, 

with no injuries reported. Report 
taken.
5:34 p.m.: Information
A subject in the Village West was 
reportedly hanging from the 14th 
floor and climbed back in, claiming 
to have been trying to get across to 
the next floor. Information only.

Tuesday, Oct. 28
10:39 a.m.: Fire
The Internal Medicine Group 
Building 1 was evacuated due to 
smoke coming from a faulty air 
conditioning fan. Information only.
2:51 a.m.: Injury
An adult female fell from her 
wheelchair and suffered a head 
injury by the Myers bus stop. 
Transported to hospital.
9:24 p.m.: Suicide Attempt
A young adult female stated to her 
roommates that she was going to 
attempt suicide. Transported to 
hospital for evaluation.

Wednesday, Oct. 29
5:56 p.m.: Citizen Contact
A subject was allegedly sending 
inappropriate Facebook photos to 
the reporting party. Information 
only.
6:37 p.m.: Burglary
Two male subjects were reportedly 
trying to open a car door in the 
Hopkins Parking Structure. Unable 
to locate.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

Looking for a Job?

www.ucsdguardian.org
Come check us out at



FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSOUMYA KURNOOLfeatures@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

G Your Free to Be plan mentions expanding the market for student loans — is that the best way to keep student debt down? 
CD The default rate is unaccept-ably high, and banks are saying “we don’t have any wiggle room — either pay it or default” — 

and if you default, they’ll go get 
their money back from the government. So 
let’s find some flexibility. And if banks are say-
ing, “The law made me do it,” well, then let’s 
change the damn law. Interest rates are anoth-
er big contributor to debt, and interest rates 
should be benchmarked to the treasury note. 

Finally, I think there should be more com-

petition. Community banks, credit unions 
— allowing them to service these loans puts 
more competition in the marketplace, which 
is always a good thing. 

We’re also looking at different classifica-
tions of professions where we could index to 
percentage of income rather than a strict prin-
cipal plus interest rate. I would also want to put 
an entrepreneur clause in there, where there is 
some protocol for an entrepreneur starting a 
small business to do three years or two years at 
a lower percentage of their income.

Student Issues and 
Candidate Voices

The race for the 52nd Congressional seat has gar-
nered national attention as Democratic incumbent 

Scott Peters and Republican challenger Carl DeMaio 
fight for an edge over each other. Though not all 

UCSD student voters live in the 52nd district, many 
will be affected by the outcome of this close and gritty 

race. We sat down with both candidates to find out 
how they see issues that are essential to students like 

tuition, loans and healthcare.

Democrat

Scott
Peters

Republican

Carl
DeMaio

How do we keep tuition rates low?G
CD  Well, it starts with making sure people can pay off their loans, and that’s why I’m trying to fix the absurdly high interest 
rate and allow for these flexible workout pro-
grams when people fall on hard luck. Second, 
pension reform — and I’m going to be push-
ing a bill in California for reforming pensions 
— that’s a huge cost to everyone. People al-
ways said we couldn’t solve this city’s financial 
problems without cuts to services and more 
revenue in taxes, but we did it. And I think 
any government enterprise can be more effi-

cient, including the UC and CSU systems. 
I’m going to work with students and outside 
advocates to take a look at the UC budget and 
see if we can avoid tuition increases. No one 
has ever tried it. Everyone has always taken 
the bureaucrats’ word that we’ll have to in-
crease tuition by 5 percent. Well, can I take a 
look at the budget and sharpen the pencil and 
see where I can find savings? I think that stu-
dents should not be afraid to offer their ideas. 
You’ve got better ideas than these people in-
side the system because you take a fresh ap-
proach to the challenges. 

G What do you think of the Affordable Care Act? What parts do you like and what might you do differently?
CD My goal is to expand more competition in health insurance, giving people more options and allowing them 
to buy across state lines. The whole Hobby 
Lobby issue is very easily solved by what I’m 
proposing because instead of your employer 
choosing your healthcare, you will be able to 
control your healthcare. So if your employer 
says, “Here’s your insurance policy, and we’ve 
already negotiated that we won’t cover certain 
things.” Fine, give me my policy; I’m going 
to go exchange it on the market for a policy 
I want. Maybe your policy doesn’t give you 

access to a physician you want. The exchange 
model lets you convert that into a policy that 
covers your preferred doctor. 

Why would we limit someone’s ability to 
choose their healthcare? That’s supposed to be 
a Republican idea. That’s why I want to take my 
own party on that issue. It’s okay to say that the 
other side had a good idea — the exchange. 
Now let’s take it and make it better with some 
of these other innovations.

I don’t agree with the mandates of the 
Affordable Care Act and that the government 
has control over people’s healthcare policies. I 
think individuals should be able to decide that. 

G  How do you think we can lower tuition and how can we make college more afford-able,  whether that’s through government funded loans, open market loans, what are your thoughts?
SP Well, it’s a huge concern. First off ... I’m a product of finan-cial aid myself. My father is a minister, and my mother stayed 
home with me and my sisters. Back when I 
was in high school, there was no doubt that if 
I studied hard and got into college that I could 
afford it because we had grants, we had low 
interest loans, we had a work-study program 
and I was able to work my way through school, 
and that’s how I started my career. Today the 
challenge is bigger because, first of all, [state-
wide] tuition has gone up a lot, and, in fact, in 
real terms, a public university education is 300 
percent more expensive than it was 30 years 
ago, adjusted for inflation. As residents of the 
state, we all have to be advocates for lower tu-
ition ... One thing we have to do is make sure 
that tuition is attainable for people and also 
not put us in the position where we have to 

sell off the full price spots to people from out 
of the state or out of the country — we want to 
prioritize California kids. ... I’ve got two bills 
in Congress to help lower [student economic] 
burden. The first is a bill that would make the 
interest rate on federal student loans a maxi-
mum of 4 percent ... Anything over 4 percent, 
you’re making money on the loans like you’re a 
bank. Or say to young people when we charge 
them 6, 8, 10 percent, “You should pay for the 
federal budget deficit.” So this bill would take 
a lot of pressure off of that by not gouging kids 
for having student loans. A second bill I have 
would allow your employer to match your re-
payments. … I see it would help induce people 
to work at the company, provide a tax benefit 
for the company and would help us take some 
pressure off the default rate.

G Our next biggest issue is probably healthcare so we were wondering what you thought of the Affordable Care Act. What parts you liked, what parts you didn’t like, if you would vote to keep it, or if you would try something different?
SP I don’t support repealing it. ... I voted to make changes al-ready. ... I said if you’re paying [for insurance], you’re going to 
keep it. I thought that was President Obama’s 
promise. I said we should give individuals 
the same non-compliance we gave compa-
nies. … We can’t go back to when too many 
people were getting their primary care in the 
emergency room, and it was the biggest cause 

of personal bankruptcy [because] people 
couldn’t pay their catastrophic healthcare bills. 
... Now we have an issue with the supply of 
doctors. We have to make sure that we’re sup-
porting graduate medical education — that’s 
a big thing at UCSD. We have to make sure 
we’re reimbursing physicians in a way … that 
we increase competition, which is the whole 
mechanism from which we’re supposed to 
provide affordability. 

G What’s a good political thing to do to reduce the effects on climate change and then, of course, to temper the effects of drought in San Diego?
SP I’ve spent a lot time on climate. I’m the Chair of the Demo-crats’ climate task force. ... When I was on City Council, I 
was [the] big proponent on active transpor-
tation and walking and biking. One of the 
best things you can do for the environment 

is think about the way you build your cit-
ies. … We’ve installed a lot of bike lanes, al-
though we have a long way to go. I built that 
[Metropolitan Transit System] SuperLoop. ... 
I’m also in support of finishing the trolley to 
UCSD, which is a big federal investment. 

Q&A continued on page 5

Compiled by Tina Butoiu, Aleksandra Konstantinovic and Zev Hurwitz 
Senior Staff Writers

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 A
LW

IN
 S

Z
E

TO
/G

U
A

R
D

IA
N

P
H

O
TO

 B
Y

 A
LE

K
S

A
N

D
R

A
 K

O
N

S
TA

N
TI

N
O

V
IC

/G
U

A
R

D
IA

N



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

• are generally healthy,
with no known diseases

• are willing to donate blood
• weigh at  least 110 lbs.

• are between the ages of 18-65
• are non-smokers (past or present)

• have no history of substance abuse

We are conducting a research study to analyze the 
immune system, of healthy people to understand how 

genetic factors affect the function of immune cells.  
We are looking for volunteers who:

Qualified participants will be asked to provide 
information regarding their medical history and will 

be compensated up to $300 for their time and 
donating blood.

Are you a

If you would like more information 
or think that you may be eligible for 

this study, please call our study 
coordinator at(858) 752-6979 or 

email study@liai.org

HEALTHY PERSON?
LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

         (Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Do you suffer
from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 

blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You will 
be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 
752-6979 or email (study@lji.org), and 

mention the Sette-Allergy study to find 
out more information.

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get
HAY FEVER?

G Are there any congress-people you’re looking forward to working with?

CD When it comes to chang-ing the party on some of the social issues, I hope my friend Richard Tisei wins in Massa-
chusetts. We’ll make history together as two 

openly gay Republicans winning this term. We 
want to move the needle.

I want to work on a lot of our regional is-
sues with Susan Davis and Juan Vargas and 
Darrell Issa and Duncan Hunter. 

Q&A continued from page 4

Carl DeMaio

G What can we do to reduce the effect we’ve had on the climate? 

CD I’m approaching it from a standpoint of act locally, think globally. If we eliminated all the carbon emissions from 
our country, in 5 to 7 years, China and India 
would more than make up for it. So my strat-
egy is to find out how we might lead the world 
in sustainable operating, sustainable living 
and renewable energy. If we can develop prod-
ucts that meet these criteria, we not only have 
a way to solve our issues locally but sell those 
alternatives to China and India.

We actually have the opportunity to move 
away from coal and to cleaner, natural gas and 
then from natural gas to solar and wind, and 
we absolutely need to do that. 

Water transportation is a huge source of 
emissions, and my hope is that we’ll be able to 
take a look at our recycled water and how to 
use our desalination plants to reduce our foot-
print. As a Republican, I’ll be one of the only 
voices on my side of the aisle pushing these is-
sues, and I’m proud of that.

G What can we do about the drought?

CD One of the only things we can do is expand our supply, look-ing into recycled water and de-salination. But we can also look 
at where it’s used. Seventy percent is used in 
landscaping, and we can do better than that. 

San Diego has historically done a good job. 
Moving forward, we need to have a water rate 
structure that when you save water, you save 
money. People will do more when they see the 
financial savings. 

Scott Peters

G You mentioned desalination. Is that the best way to keep San Diego with water?

SP
So in San Diego we’ve done a 
good job on getting ready for a 
drought. We used to be depen-
dent on the Bay Delta. … Sec-

ond, we’ve been building local storage for a 
while. ... One of the issues at the state is that 
the Sierras have always been effectively our 
reservoir, the snowpack. But the snowpack 
is 20 percent of what it’s been, so we have to 
build real storage and San Diego’s been do-
ing it. De-sal is part of it. It’s not going to 
be cheap; it’s going to be pretty expensive, 
but maybe that technology can continue 
to improve. And then recycling —  we’ve 
been doing it. … What we’ve got to do now 

is recycle our [sewage] right here on land 
through something called pure water. When 
I was first on the Council it was called Toilet 
to Tap. It’s just science. Water to water ... By 
the end of my term we had five out of the 
eight of us to run a pilot program to start, 
and now the entire council is for it, including 
the mayor because it’s going to be way better 
than doing an unnecessary operation to send 
water out the pipe and then raise sewage 
rates up huge amounts. Carl never supported 
that at all, but I think it’s the right way to go, 
and, if we do it right at the federal level, we 
will be able to call that in compliance with 
the Clean Water Act.

G Are there any congress-people in office right now or running for election that you would like to work with?
SP

I like Kyrsten Sinema from Ar-
izona; she and I have worked 
on a lot of veterans’ issues 
together. I like working with 

Raul Ruiz and Ami Bera who are physicians 
in California. ... I’ve enjoyed working with a 
couple of Republicans. Tom Rice — who is a 

really conservative guy from South Carolina 
— he and I are pushing the Harvard Busi-
ness School Eight-Step Program to get the 
economy moving, and I’m trying with the 
Democrats; he’s trying with the Republicans. 

Check out the Guardian’s

Website

UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGCheck us out at ucsdguardian.org/jobsLOOKING FOR A JOB?



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  O P I N I O N

OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORLAUREN  KOAopinion@ucsdguardian.org

In regards to the worst drought in 
history, California has made its defining 
mark as the most water-consuming state 
in the country. With that in mind, we fully 
endorse Proposition 1, which authorizes 
$7.12 billion for surface and groundwater 
storage, ecosystem protection and 
restoration, drinking water protection and 
other general water supply infrastructure 
projects. We support this proposition 
because it protects and grows the U.S. 
economy, is environmentally friendly, 
safeguards our current water supply and 
is supported by both democrats and 
republicans, farmers, conservation groups 
and community leaders. The UCSD 
Guardian urges a “yes” vote for this critical 
ballot measure.

1YESPROP

With the full-on implementation of 
the Affordable Care Act, the health 
insurance requirement for all Americans 
is in place, but nothing stops companies 
from raising premiums on policy-holders. 
An independent commission currently 
regulates insurance rates, but that panel 
is not subject to any sort of election by 
California voters. Prop. 45 gives power to 
a voter-elected insurance commissioner 
to review the panel’s decisions and 
make smart choices for health costs in 
California. The UCSD Guardian supports 
Prop. 45 as it increases accountability for 
cost-setters to the voters of California and 
helps prevent extreme rises in healthcare 
costs.

45YESPROP2YESPROP

The Rainy Day Budget Stabilization 
Act, also known as Proposition 2, 
is essential in successfully building 
up the state reserves that have been 
depleted due to the state of our current 
economy and California’s lack of recent 
contributions to said reserves. The act 
will allow California to comfortably 
add funds into the reserves by reducing 
the required overall annual deposit 
and will create an additional reserve 
specifically for K-14 public education. 
Every supporter of the California 
public school system should vote “yes” 
on Prop. 2. 

Proposition 46 would raise the cap 
on malpractice damages cap from the 
current amount of $250,000 to $1.1 
million in order to require doctors 
to undergo drug and alcohol testing. 
Although the law could prevent substance 
abuse by physicians and thus potentially 
save lives, it will undoubtedly increase 
healthcare costs for patients since 
healthcare providers will be forced to 
pay more for malpractice insurance 
and lawsuits. Additionally, rising costs 
will inevitably affect the approaches to 
care doctors and patients take to saving 
money, with both parties looking to 
cut costs rather than to make the best 
decisions for their health.

46NOPROP

Proposition 48 allows for the 
construction and operation of a casino 
by the the North Fork Rancheria of 
Mono Indians and the Wiyot Tribe 
in Madera County. The casino would 
require the group to pay the state one-
time payments of $16 million to $35 
million and $10 million a year for 20 
years. Opponents argue that a new 
casino will create a gambling culture 
in the state. However, Las Vegas is only 
hours away by car which means those 
who gamble will still gamble but pay 
taxes to Nevada. No one can argue 
that a simple, new source of revenue 
could ameliorate the economic status of 
California.

48YESPROPYESPROP

The complicated and oftentimes archaic 
nature of California’s current drug policy 
results in unfair sentencing, overcrowded 
prisons and thousands of lives ruined. 
This year, Gov. Brown was given a court 
order to reduce prison populations that 
have skyrocketed to between 150 percent 
and 200 percent capacity, conditions that 
are not conducive to rehabilitation. Prop 
47 reduces sentences for nonviolent drug 
possession in a time when marijuana is 
being quickly legalized by states across the 
country. Our own University of California 
Student Association has worked hard 
to change the state’s sentencing on drug 
crimes that often victimizes minority and 
low-income populations. For common 
sense drug sentencing, we endorse Prop 47. 

47

With the midterm elections coming up this Tuesday, the UCSD Guardian has compiled a number of endorsements for the 
candidates and ballot measures which we feel will best advance the common goals of the UCSD student population. The 

endorsements below include the political races which are most relevant and applicable to our readership.

2014 VOTER GUIDE



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

45

48

JERRY BROWN FOR  CALIFORNIA GOVERNOR

Strong gubernatorial leadership in Sacramento that is beneficial to 
University of California students 
had been rare in the years leading 
up to Gov. Jerry Brown’s third 
term in the statehouse. In a state 
as large and diverse as California 

is, students of the UC System have 
to compete with a myriad of other 
issues taking up the governor’s 
agenda.

Despite the overwhelming 
nature of the job, Brown, who 
was also governor in the 1970s 
and 1980s has prioritized the UC 
system, kept fees stable, increased 
funding and has worked to 
build a rainy-day fund that helps 
better allocate higher education 
spending.

Brown not only has the right 
ideas for the state but the expertise 
and track record of someone who 
gets things done. The crown jewel 
of his latest stint in Sacramento 
— 2012’s proposition 30 — saved 
UC students thousands in tuition 
fee increases, while also ensuring 
continued funding to the UC and 
California State University systems.

With an approval rating above 
57 percent and recent polls giving 
him a hefty lead over Republican 
challenger Neel Kashkari, Brown 
has opted to spend this campaign 
season focusing on pushing voters 
to support Propositions 1 and 
2 — two bipartisan ballot items 
that will save money for rainy days 
and buy water infrastructure for 
non-rainy days (and years). Along 
with the First Corgi, Sutter, Brown 
has crisscrossed the state in recent 
weeks to push these bills — using 
the war chest of campaign money 
solely to push the two measures 
and seemingly neglecting his own 
re-election.

Such is the nature of Brown. 
Confident that his record stands 
on its own merit, he agreed to 
only one debate with Kashkari — 
an awkward and poorly publicized 

matchup that conflicted with the 
NFL’s season opener — though 
Kashkari had insisted on as many 
as ten meetings.

Usually a straight shooter, the 
governor is unafraid to stray from 
party lines (even with a legislature 
just short of a supermajority in 
the Capitol) when he deems it 
necessary. The governor recently 
signed a host of bills that came 
from both sides of the aisle 
limiting gun use, promoting safer 
sex practices and banning single-
use plastic bags.

Brown is probably looking at 
his last election as he prepares 
to take on California’s top job 
for the fourth time. His strong 
record of supporting students and 
Californians makes him the right 
person to lead the state into 2015 
and beyond.

GAVIN NEWSOM 
LT. GOVERNOR

The role of lieutenant governor is of particular interest to UC students, since the person who takes this 
office also sits on the Board of Regents. 
With the first provision of Prop 30 set to 
expire in the upcoming term, it’s essential 
that we elect someone who understands 
that the UC system cannot balance its 
budget on tuition hikes alone. 

Lt. Governor Gavin Newsom has 
demonstrated a commitment to keeping 
tuition low and helping students graduate 

without debt. Newsom was the only Board of Regents member to 
vote against a tuition hike in 2012, and with his support for Prop 30, 
we believe that he, along with Gov. Brown, will be best able to help 
the UC system navigate its next set of financial woes. 

As mayor of San Francisco, Newsom was key in raising the city’s 
minimum wage to one of the highest rates in the country. He’s also a 
proponent of the tech industries there, which many UCSD students 
will enter after graduation and understands how to move the 
economy forward.

Newsom is a longtime pioneer of controversial policies, beginning 
with his unconditional support of marriage equality in 2004 and 
culminating today in his belief that marijuana should be legalized 
and government-regulated. We appreciate his forward-thinking 
policies and his dedicated efforts to making them reality. 

As a bonus point, Newsom really seems to like UCSD, having 
made at least two trips to our campus this year. First and foremost 
though, we endorse him for his strong progressive record and his 
support of students everywhere.

JOHN CHIANG
STATE TREASURER

As California voters head to the polls in a pivotal time for the state, strong financial leadership 
in Sacramento will prove crucial to 
the state’s success. With decades of 
tax law experience and two terms 
as California State Controller under 
his belt, John Chiang is the natural 
choice for California State Treasurer. 
Chiang’s leadership through the Great 
Recession helped maintain California’s 
financial health and resulted in the first 

consecutive balanced budgets in nearly a decade, preserving 
important funding for state education and public safety. His 
tenure as State Controller saw him expose several major city 
financial scandals, proving his dedication to transparency and 
accountability.

Chiang’s opponent, Greg Conlon, has a respectable track 
record as a financier but is largely unmatched against Chiang’s 
experience and success in Sacramento.

Also endorsed by several major California newspapers, such 
as the Los Angeles Times and the San Diego Union Tribune, 
Chiang has demonstrated that he has earned the support and 
trust of a wide spectrum of Californian citizens.

As a Controller, Chiang prioritizes fiscal accountability, 
and his California Strong initiative hosts free seminars to 
promote financial growth for small local businesses and non-
profit organizations. The UCSD Guardian Editorial Board 
wholeheartedly endorses John Chiang for California State 
Treasurer.

MARSHALL TUCK
SUPERINTENDENT

KAMALA HARRIS
ATTORNEY GENERAL

As a position that oversees the public schools that primarily feed into California’s higher 
education system, the Superintendent 
of Public Instruction is an important 
role. For this office, the UCSD 
Guardian endorses Marshall Tuck. 

Tuck has a strong record of 
turning around struggling schools, 
especially as founder and CEO of the 
Partnership for Los Angeles Schools. 
He successfully increased four-year 

Kamala Harris earns the Guardian endorsement for her stellar performance as our California 
Attorney General since 2011.

A University of California, Hastings 
alum, Harris has a firm stance on 
education and has fought truancy 
with several bills to combat increased 
absenteeism in K-12 schools. Her 
second annual report on elementary 
school truancy break down chronic 
absences and truancy rates from 2011 to 

See TUCK, page 8 See HARRIS, page 8



2013, showing the amount of funding 
lost each year due to students skipping 
school and tracking percent changes 
over the past two school years.

For California homeowners, 
Harris penned the California 
Homeowner Bill of Rights, which 

was signed into law to increase 
transparency in the mortgage and 
foreclosure system. Harris fights 
for equality through her LGBT 
community advocacy and fights 
against human trafficking through 
the use of technology and the 
establishment of an anti-trafficking 
work group.

If re-elected, we expect nothing 
less than Harris’s continued efforts 
to fight for her top issues, but we’d 
also like to see her voice in other 
issues she has merely dabbled in. 
Harris’ track record shows that she 
has our best interests at heart and 
the political ambition to keep up 
this momentum into a second term.

8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  O P I N I O N

ucsdguardian.org

check us out online.

Marshall Tuck for State Superintendent of  Public Education
graduation rates at multiple Los 
Angeles schools by over 60 percent. 
Additionally, he created a nationally 
renowned program known as Parent 
College, which seeks to better 
involve parents in their children’s 
education. 

Tuck also served as the president 
of Green Dot Public Schools, a 

thriving charter school company 
based in Los Angeles. He increased 
the number of their charter high 
schools from one to ten, over four 
years. Tuck’s previous experience 
and openness to charter schools is 
an integral facet of his candidacy. 
His passion for ensuring that all 
Californian K-12 students get a 
stellar education shines through in 

the many successful projects he has 
worked on. 

Tuck is dedicated to cleaning 
up the messes that have been 
made in education by Sacramento 
bureaucrats and politicians for far 
too long. The Guardian’s editorial 
board endorses Marshall Tuck for his 
strongly progressive platforms and 
his commitment to positive change. 

▶ TUCK, from page 7

Re-elect Kamala Harris for California State Attorney General
▶ HARRIS, from page 7

GOT ISSUES?

WE WANT TO HEAR 
ABOUT THEM!

BE HEARD.

GET PUBLISHED.



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

A haiku about studying
for the LSAT:

No no no no no
No no no no don’t want to
No no no no no

BLUEPRINT CAN HELP.
888-4-BP-PREP
blueprintlsat.com

Fall classes in San Diego to prep for the
December LSAT start September 27.
Register with the code “BPFALL” for a
$100 discount on a live course!

Take

advantage of

ALL WE
OFFER

More clinics 
and experiential 
courses.

cwsl.edu/clinics

CWSL_UCSD_2014_01.indd   3 10/24/14   10:07 AM

shutout with junior goalkeeper Itzel 
Gonzalez. The Tritons went on to out-
shoot Cal State Dominguez Hills by a 
dominant 19 shots to ten.  

“We knew coming in to it that it 
was going to be a huge game,” Callahan 
said. “Overall it was just such a great 
night. We are peaking at the right 
moment. We are really confident going 
into the CCAAs.” 

Unfortunately, the Tritons failed to 
maintain their momentum on Sunday, 
as the sixth-seeded Tritons could 
not keep up with third seed Cal Poly 
Pomona, who remains undefeated on 
home turf. 

Entering the match, UCSD had 
shut out their past five opponents. 
However, the Broncos quickly ended 
the streak, when junior midfielder 

Arika Ontiveros netted her shot in 
only the sixth minute of play to give 
Pomona a 1–0 edge. 

“Unfortunately we came today, and 
for some reason, [during] the first 
half we didn’t play to the level we’ve 
been playing for the last eight games,” 
McManus told the UCSD Athletics 
Department. “It came back to haunt 
us.” 

Less than ten minutes later, UCSD 
was awarded a penalty shot after the 
Broncos committed a foul in the box. 
Callahan stepped up for the kick and 
the opportunity to tie the match up, 
but amazingly, her shot was saved by 
a diving freshman goalkeeper Ricki 
Ives. The Tritons failed to capitalize on 
any other chances, while the Broncos 
added to their lead with another goal 
in the 57th minute.

UCSD outshot the Broncos 14–12 

in the match but ultimately saw its 
season come to an end with the 2–0 
conclusion. Cal Poly Pomona advanc-
es to face second-seeded Chico State 
next Friday. 

As for the Tritons, their incred-
ible season, highlighted by their 
clutch run toward the end, con-
cludes on a tough note. UCSD will 
have large holes to fill next season 
with the departure of senior offen-
sive leaders Cassie Callahan and 
Izzy Pozurama. 

“It’s a bad ending to the season 
because we’re a better team than 
what was on the field the first half 
today,” McManus said. “The second 
half was us. But the season’s over, 
and we start again next year.” 

Tritons End Season on Bitter Note, Finish 9–6–3 on the Year
▶ W. SOCCER, from page 12

opportunity off the line in the 79th 
minute, and McElfresh produced two 
brave saves in the last ten minutes to 
earn his eighth shutout on the year. 

“This was a special one for us, 
especially us seniors.” Bauman told the 
UCSD Guardian. “Knowing that we 
were in [qualification for the CCAAs] 
kind of took the pressure off. But the 
fact that a win would [give us] third 
in the conference and we would get 
to host gave us that extra boost. I’m 
happy with the win.”

On Sunday, the third-seeded 
Tritons were held in a deadlocked 
match against sixth-seeded Cal State 
Stanislaus.

UCSD’s best chance of the first half 
came through good link up play when 
Bashti produced a low cross which was 
nearly met by senior midfielder Jacob 
Valadez with 10 minutes gone.

Both sides had great set piece 

opportunities as they shared 13 cor-
ners between them in regular time, 
though neither side could capitalize.

In the 87th minute, it took a 
quick reaction stop from goalkeeper 
McElfresh to keep UCSD in the 
game, when the Warrior’s sopho-
more midfielder Jose Acosta made a 
skilfull solo run through the Triton 
defence.

In overtime, both teams made 
sure not to concede with the golden 
goal rule in place. Each squad regis-
tered only one shot a piece. 

With neither side finding the 
back of the net through 120 minutes 
of play, both squads entered into a 
shootout. 

Bauman took the first kick for 
the Tritons but failed to net his shot. 
Following Bauman’s missed chance, 
both UCSD and CSUS traded suc-
cessful kicks until the Warriors’ fifth 
kick missed, saving the Tritons from 
elimination. However, in the next 

set of shots, Beloff missed for UCSD, 
while the Warriors’ freshman mid-
fielder Rafael Chavez secured his 
shot to finally end the match. 

“Our guys are fighters, and I 
think they’re winners,” men’s soc-
cer head coach Jon Pascale told the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “They 
left it all on the table, and I thought 
we played well. Stanislaus is a tough 
team to break down and get goal 
scoring opportunities against.” 

Despite a strong season full of 
impressive performances, the Tritons 
have little hope of continuing their ath-
letic year. The NCAA announcement 
for qualifying schools will take place 
on Monday, Nov. 10. 

“There’s a lot of good teams out 
there,” Pascale said. “We’ll see what 
they decide. If they call our number, 
we’ll be ready to go.”

Soccer Awaits Announcement for NCAA Tournament Qualifiers
▶ M. SOCCER, from page 12

readers can contact
  liam  leahy     lleahy @ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
  marcus  thuillier     mthuilli @ucsd.edu 

@UCSD_Sports

Follow us on



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
crossword

ACROSS
1 Bar mixer
9 Long pace
15 Tangy dessert
16 Deceive
17 Sets free
18 In the prior month
19 Precisely
20 Shrek, for one
22 Beat overwhelmingly
24 Taxing mo.?
25 Title role for 13-Down
30 Riled (up)
31 Has much too much, briefly
33 Self-centered types
35 Jerusalem prayer site
37 Negri of silents
41 Pelota catcher
42 Buck tail?
43 Unrestricted trading areas
46 Le Car maker
47 “Michael Collins” actor
48 Spaniards roll theirs
51 Easy gaits
52 UFO pilots, in theory
54 Discover with effort
56 Wild West showman
58 Edge (out)
59 Community west of Montebello, Calif.
63 Unwavering
67 Bureau compartment
68 Like much of Rossini’s work
69 Groups of eight
70 Lunch order that can follow the starts 

of 1-, 35- and 43-Across

DOWN
1 Shifting mechanism
2 Lost love in “The Raven”
3 Düsseldorf feature?

4 Cowboy’s footwear
5 __-cone
6 Brief photo sessions?
7 Craps cube
8 Man of many morals
9 Disparaging remark
10 1977 Bronson/Remick mind-control 

thriller
11 Stoolie
12 First name in tyranny
13 Actor DeLuise
14 Rock producer Brian
21 Hosts, at times
23 “And __!”: “Absolutely!”
24 Said positively
26 Former Sanyo competitor
27 Russian despot
28 WWII French battle site
29 Nobel Peace Prize city
32 Window sticker
34 Prepare Parmesan
36 “Mustn’t do that”
37 Computer connection
38 Letters near zero?
39 O’Brien’s predecessor
40 Med school subj.
44 Like Mr. America
45 Melancholy
48 Rabbitlike rodent
49 Backwoodsy
50 Soapbox output
53 Greenhorns
55 Marriage acquisition
57 Propellers on ponds
59 Tokyo, once
60 Pendulum path
61 Met
62 Defunct flier
64 AQI user
65 One of a D.C. 100
66 Former Monterey Bay fort

BIKES
Bicycle - Custom tall bike very fun much 
easy then looks to ride $150 Call mike at 
show contact details Listing ID: 94110544 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

NEW Schwinn Tourist 28” 700c bike - This 
post is for a new Schwinn Tourist “Hybrid” 
bike. This bike has never been used. See 
4th photo for detail on visible damage to 
the paint. Bike has not been registered and 
comes with owner’s manual.

This is a red and white men’s road/racing 
bike. Listing ID: 94110542 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Bicycle: Men’s Trayl Dispatch 700c Hybrid 
Bike - This versatile hybrid bike offers an 
upright comfortable ride and lightweight 
allow rims perfect for a short trip to the 
market or longer rides on the bike path. 
Originally costed $300 and bought it 
around 9 mons ago. I rarely used it so I 
figured it’s time to part ways. It’s in superb 
condition, with a couple almost-unnotical-
ble scratches. The left handle brake is a bit 
loose but still works. I’ve heard it is easy to 
fix Listing ID: 94110536 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

ELECTRONICS
Beats by dre studio wireless - I have for sale 
a pair of used but in terrific condition white 
studio beats headphones that are wireless 
and rechargeable comes with box case 
charger and wire if you don’t want to listen 
to music wirelessly I’m asking 120$ O.B.O 
Listing ID: 93495167 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Sony Home theatre SF2000- I want a small 1 
for my bed room so if you like Sony come to 
get it. $100 OBO. See images, terrific condi-

tion, full accessories, no box, i loss it

 Listing ID: 93339227 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Big Screen TV(56”Jvc/Model-Hd-56g786) 
- LIKE NEW, BEAUTIFUL PICTURE, IN 
ECCELLENT CONDITION. HAS A NEW BULB. 
VERY LIGHT, NOT A HEAVY MONSTER 
TELEVISION.....TODAYS LIST PRICE ON 
OVERSTOCK .COM IS $1,931.95 .... I WOULD 
LIKE TO GET $350.00- BUT I WILL CONSIDER 
OFFERS. I HAVE A NEW TELEVISION NOW, 
SO I DON’T REALLY NEED THIS ONE. ITS AN 
AWESOME TELEVISION, IT NEEDS TO GO TO 
SOMEONE WHO WILL ENJOY IT. TELEVISION 
HAS ALL THE CONECTIONS YOU NEED, 
GAMEING, CABLE, COMPUTER, INTERNET...
LOOK IT UP ON THE INTERNET....$250 FIRM 
Listing ID: 93495162 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

FURNITURE
PLANTER BENCH, Bookshelf, PATIO CHAIRS 
and STOOLS - Bookshelf in good condition, 
black color, adjustable shelving, measures 
29.5” wide x 11.5” deep x 31.5” high - $25 
Planter bench in like-new condition, plastic 
construction, measures 66” wide x 15” deep 
x 17” high - $15 Stool with hydraulic height 
adjustment in attractive condition, mea-
sures 22” to 31” high - $15

(2) Patio chairs in terrific condition, green 
color, plastic construction - $10/pair Stool 
in terrific condition, solid wood, measures 
24” high - $5

(2) Gold colored hook hanger posts - $5/
pair Delivery available Call show contact 
inf. Listing ID: 93495170 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Brown Leather Bonded Sofa Recliner FREE 
DELIVERY- This sofa in a rich brown bonded 
leather, merges comfort in functional and 
versatile sofa.*barely noticeable; display 

piece with couple of scratches that is in our 
office Sofa: 82” x 39” x 39”H $299 Free deliv-
ery to most parts of the county Restrictions 
apply We accept cash or credit card upon 
deliveryshow contact details directshow 
contact info text/mobile http://www.
onabudgetfurniture.net Open by appoint-
ment to view this item Reference F7732 
Listing ID: 93412749 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Beautyrest recharge queen mattress- I have 
a brand new Beautyrest Recharge queen 
mattress starting at $598 for the mattress 
only ,extra for box sping google this mat-
tress is top of the line they retail for over 
$1500 plus s|h we have the best prices 
in the inland empire give me a call text 
909five six one -six 6 five one or e-mail to 
ask about other offers .....we offer delivery 
within the so-cal area and we can haul 
your old mattress. thanks for reading!!!!! 
ignore......mattress , Beautyrest , queen , 
Queen mattress, cama, bedroom set. 
Listing ID: 93412747 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

LECTURE
NOTES

NOW OPEN!
An A.S. enterprise that pays 

student note-takers to take notes 
for a variety of courses. Current 
Notes (note-taker is in the class) 
are sold on a subscription basis 

and are available for pick up every 
Monday morning.

Archive Notes (from a previous 
quarter) are pre-ordered and the 

entire quarter's notes are available in 
a bound packet.

HOURS OF OPERATION
Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm

Occasional Sat: 10am-2pm

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu

Located o
n Level 1 

at the Stu
dent Cent

er



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

SACCO W/ SWIM TEAM
THE LOFT, PRICE CENTER

WED11.05 • 8pm
Tahrir

CAMPUS
CALENDAR
NOV 03 - NOV 19

2014 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

MON11.03 WED11.05TUE11.04
1pm
MEET UPS: CAREER CONVERSATIONS -BRC
Informal and fun career chats with a career advisor.

5pm
GLOBAL SEMINAR INFORMATION ROME, ITALY - 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER, OCEANIDS PAVILION
Come meet Professor Pasquale to learn more about how you can 
spend five weeks abroad in Italy! This is your opportunity to earn 
units and make your next summer exciting!

7pm
IT’S ABOUT TIME: DURATION, HISTORY, & CURATING 
AN ASIAN FILM FESTIVAL - THE GREAT HALL 
The Global Forum at I-House will be hosting Dr. Brian Hu, the 
artistic director at the Pacific Arts Movement. Dr. Hu will be 
leading a discussion about the Asian Film Festival, the largest film 
festival in San Diego, and how time is stretched out, made 
uncanny and magical, or rescued through cinema. Admission is 
free and open to the public, so don't let your friends miss out on 
this exciting event!

10:30am
LAW SCHOOL FAIR - LIBRARY WALK
The Law School Information Fair is open to ABA or CBE accredited 
law schools, or to those actively seeking accreditation. 
Organizations or companies representing LSAT test preparation, 
financial aid services, and UC San Diego pre-law and law-related 
services may also attend. Approximately 100 law programs were 
represented at this event in 2013.

6pm
STUDENT ORG OUTREACH NIGHT - WOMEN’S 
CENTER, STUDENT CENTER WEST
Are you involved in a student org? Want to learn more about the 
Women's Center? Hoping to connect with other orgs? Join us for 
the Women's Center Student Org Outreach Night. We'll have food, 
information, mingling, and talk about ways that the Women's 
Center can support you. Please send up to two attendees from 
your organization and RSVP by emailing us.

8pm
SACCO WITH SWIM TEAM - THE LOFT
Their album is an utterly captivating collection of neo-psych indie 
rock, with stories of alcoholic preachers and homeless teens 
floating out above pulsating bass lines and fuzzed-out guitars. 
"They pin their words and moods on thoughts of liquor long since 
drunk, about bodies of water that hold so many scattered ashes 
and all sorts of secrets, churning there beneath the ice," writes 
Daytrotter. "The scene is so attractive and utterly heartbreaking."

FRI11.07
12pm
GENDER BUFFET: WOMEN IN POLITICS - 
WOMEN’S CENTER, STUDENT CENTER WEST
In honor of the midterm elections on November 4th, come out 
and have a discussion about the state of Women in Politics. 
Enjoy lively discussion, yummy snacks, and a feminist 
perspective on our democratic process.

6pm
MOONLIGHT KAYAK MISSION BAY - OUTBACK 
ADVENTURES RENTAL SHOP (PEPPER CANYON)
After a quick drive to the bay we will have a short skills 
session, launch and enjoy the sunset paddle.Signup online 
under Sea Kayaking, in person at the Rental Shop (behind 
Pepper Canyon) or the Surf Shop (in PC), or call 858-534-0684

8pm
ARTPOWER! PRESENTS: ST. LAWRENCE STRING 
QUARTET - CONRAD PREBYS MUSIC HALL
The Saint Lawrence String Quartet continues to build its 
reputation for imaginative and spontaneous music making - 
through an energetic commitment to the great, established 
quartet literature, as well as the championing of new works. 
Among the world-class chamber ensembles of its generation, 
the Saint Lawrence String Quartet returns to ArtPower! to 
convey every piece of music to the audience in vivid 
color!Geoff Nuttall, violin; Mark Fewer, violin; Lesley Robertson, 
viola; Christopher Costanza, cello.

10am
FARMERS’ MARKET - TOWN SQUARE
UCSD's Farmers' Market is held every Tuesday 
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. during Fall, Winter, and 
Spring quarters, at Town Square, between the 
Student Services Center and the Chancellor's 
Complex.

6pm
LGBT RESOURCE CENTER 15TH 
ANNIVERSARY SYMPOSIUM - 
STUDENT SERVICES CENTER, 
MULTIPURPOSE RM
LGBT Resource Center 15th Anniversary 
Symposium: "We Cannot Live Without Our 
Lives: A conversation on Anti-blackness, Trans 
Resistance and Prison Abolition" featuring CeCe 
McDonald, Reina Gossett, Janetta Johnson, 
moderated by Eric A. Stanley.

6pm
GSA NIGHT: ELECTION DAY VOTER 
RESULTS - THE LOFT
Join the Graduate Student Association (GSA) 
and your campus community to learn real time 
election results from the comforts of the Loft.THU11.06

3pm
PASSPORT TO CULTURE - AUSTRALIA - I-HOUSE 
LOUNGES, CUZCO
Enjoy a traditional taste of food from the highlighted region 
each week! Come earn your passport and "travel around the 
world"! All students welcome! Great for students interested in 
studying abroad! 

3pm
CHART YOUR OWN CAREER! - THE ZONE
Create your own "visual map" that connects your key 
strengths and experiences to assist with professional and 
personal growth. 

8pm
ASCE LOCAL PRESENTS: THE JANKS - THE LOFT
Los Angeles based rock group THE JANKS make it their 
mission to produce music in the same way they live their lives; 
with both sincerity and irrever-ence. The Janks create a sound 
that combines the traditional two-part vocal harmony of The 
Everly Brothers with the adept musicianship and blues-rock 
stylings of Led Zeppelin -- all with a heavy dose of humorous 
abandon a la Ween.



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  N O V E M B E R  3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

MEN & WOMEN'S  SOCCER 

End of  the Road

Tritons end regular season on a high note but are ousted 
in first round of the CCAA championships.

UCSD completes amazing run to finish season and 
clinch playoff berth but fall in first round of CCAAs.         

BY LIAM LEAHY CONTRIBUTING WRITER // PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE BY MARCUS THUILLIER CONTRIBUTING WRITER // PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE

Death by shootout. Despite secur-
ing home field advantage in a 2–0 vic-
tory over Cal State Dominguez Hills 
on Thursday, the UCSD men’s soccer 
team all but concluded its season at 
Triton Soccer Stadium in a narrow 
shootout loss to Cal State Stanislaus 
in the first round of the CCAA 
Championships on Sunday afternoon.

The Tritons close out their year 
with a 10–5–4 overall record. UCSD 
still has the possibility of earning an 
NCAA Championship berth, but 
chances are extremely slim. 

The Tritons ended a four 
game winless streak (0–1–3) on 
Thursday’s senior night. Six senior 
Tritons (Brandon Bauman, A.J. 
Beloff, Alessandro Canale, Matthew 
McClure, Nick Roberts and Jacob 
Valadez) were honored prior to the 
start of the game. The match was 
attended by a big crowd as Triton 
fans cheered for UCSD.

Early on, the visiting Toros 
appeared slightly on top as they 
managed to create legitimate offen-
sive chances. Cal State Dominguez 

Hills freshman midfielder Joey Chica 
caused trouble for the Tritons down 
the left hand side of the field and had 
the best chance of the first half when 
his skilfull half volley forced a superb 
reaction stop from junior Triton 
goalkeeper Cameron McElfresh at 
his near post.

Although neither squad threatened 
much in the first half, the Tritons came 
out blazing in the second. With just 
over six minutes gone, UCSD jumped 
ahead when sophomore striker Malek 
Bashti struck his third goal of the sea-
son, capitalizing on freshman winger 
Eric Young’s low cross.

Three minutes later on the 55th 
minute mark, UCSD doubled its lead 
thanks to senior captain midfielder 
Brandon Bauman. Bauman converted 
a well-struck free kick from just out-
side of the 15 yard box for his team-
leading fifth goal of the season.

The Toros battled back but with a 
superb effort from the home squad, 
the Tritons ultimately maintained 
a clean sheet. Freshman midfielder 
Charlie Keating cleared a headed 

Despite an amazing conclusion to 
the regular season on Thursday night, 
the UCSD women’s soccer team ulti-
mately concluded the week on a bitter-
sweet note after a season-ending, post-
season loss on Sunday. The Tritons 
clinched a playoff berth in their final 
regular season match with a 3–0 vic-
tory over Cal State Dominguez Hills 
but fell 2–0 against third-seeded Cal 
Poly Pomona in the first round of the 
CCAA Championships.

The Tritons, who entered the 
CCAAs as the sixth seed, conclude 
their season with a 9–6–3 overall 
record. 

Despite the early playoff exit, 
the Tritons nevertheless crafted an 
improbable run for CCAA qualifica-
tion in the latter stretch of the season, 
going undefeated (5–0–1) in their final 
six regular season matches to clinch a 
near impossible postseason berth. 

Thursday evening capped off the 
Tritons’ impressive streak, as they 
seized control of their season at home 
on senior night. Five Tritons (Cassie 
Callahan, Kylie Hill, Kiley Leshin, Izzy 

Pozurama and Michelle Yasutake) 
in their final athletic year were hon-
ored prior to the game as part of the 
senior night tradition. Callahan and 
Pozurama especially, had been deter-
minant for the undefeated streak the 
Tritons rode into the game. 

“The five seniors stepped up big 
and played well for us,” women’s soc-
cer head coach Brian McManus told 
the UCSD Guardian. “[It] was a must 
win situation.”

Sophomore forward Kiera 
Bocchino netted two goals in the 
game. Her first goal came from an 
assist by Callahan and opened up 
the scoring at the 24th minute. The 
Tritons would close out the first half 
with the 1–0 lead.

The match was decided quickly in 
the second frame, as Bocchino scored 
her second goal only 36 seconds into 
the half and freshman midfielder 
Jordyn McNutt put in a third goal less 
than five minutes later.

It was the fifth straight game with a 
clean sheet for junior goalkeeper Kelcie 
Brodsky (three saves), who shared the 

MEN'S WATER POLO

UCSD Closes Out League Schedule
Tritons earn pair of WWPA wins on the road, finish with perfect 6-0 league record. 

Closing out its conference sched-
ule for the regular season, the No. 6 
UCSD men’s water polo team main-
tained its perfect in-league record 
with a 10–6 win over No. 14 UC 
Davis on Friday, followed by a 11–8 
victory over No. 16 Santa Clara Uni-
versity on Saturday. The pair of road 
wins gives UCSD an undefeated 6–0 
record in the Western Water Polo 
Association while the Tritons’ over-
all record improves to 12–8 on the 
season.

Senior utility Josh Stiling led 
UCSD with four scores on Friday 
night, bringing his goal total to 50 
for the year. Stiling opened up the 
match’s scoring with two straight 
goals to give the Tritons an early ad-
vantage. 

The Aggies responded with two 
goals of their own to knot the game 
up at the end of the first period. In 
the second quarter, the Tritons re-
claimed the lead with goals from 

Stiling and senior utilities Luca De 
Vivo and Lukas Syka to finish the 
first half with a 5–3 edge. 

UCSD ran away with the game in 
the third quarter, netting four goals 
to the Aggies’ one. Stiling added a 
fourth goal, De Vivo and Syka each 
recorded a second score and sopho-
more driver Andy Moore hit the 
cage for his first of the match.

The Aggies had little hope of a 
comeback in the final frame, as the 
Tritons secured their third straight 
victory with a 10–6 final score. 

The Tritons extended their su-
perb conference play the following 
day, traveling up north to battle 
Santa Clara for their final WWPA 
match of the regular season. 

Senior 2M Joe Dietrich opened 
the scoring early for UCSD to set 
a dominant tempo for the visiting 
Tritons. UCSD went on to display 
an impressive performance on both 
ends of the pool during the opening 
two quarters, notching four more 
goals while stifling the Broncos to 
just one score of their own. 

While the Broncos netted two 
scores in the third period, four more 
Triton goals added to the UCSD ad-
vantage. Entering the final quarter, the 
Tritons held a strong 9–3 lead. 

In the final frame, the Broncos 
made a sudden and threatening surge 
with five goals scored. However, the al-
ready overwhelming lead, compound-
ed by junior utility Chase Cockerill’s 
pair of fourth quarter goals, ultimately 
prevented the comeback. 

The match had a whopping nine 
different goal scorers on the side of 
blue and gold, as UCSD concluded its 
conference schedule with six wins and 
an undefeated record. 

UCSD will now return home for 
its final two matches of the regular 
season, battling Cal State Long Beach 
on Thursday, Nov. 6 and UC Irvine on 
Saturday, Nov. 8. Following the pair of 
games, postseason play will commence 
starting with the WWPA Champion-
ships on Friday, Nov. 21. 

BY bran don  yu 
sports editor

See M. SOCCER, page 11 See W. SOCCER, page 11

readers can contact
  brandon  yu    bcyu @ucsd.edu 

PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE/GUARDIAN

W. Volleyball
M. Water Polo
M. Basketball
Swim & Dive

Cross Country

  11/05
  11/06
  11/06
  11/07
  11/08

AT Cal Poly Pomona
VS Long Beach State
AT Loyola Marymount
AT UC Santa Barbara
AT CCAA Championships

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


