
VOLUME 48, ISSUE 17  MONDAY, DECEMBER 1, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

WATER POLO 
FINAL FOUR 

After defeating Brown 12-7 in 
the NCAA tournament play-in 
game, the Triton water polo 

squad readies for a Final 
Four matchup with UCLA at 
Canyonview Aquatics Center 

this weekend.

IMMIGRATION   REFORM

OH,  HUSH

Obama's  PLan   Falls  Short

behind  a   sucessful  kickstarter

Opinion,  Page   4

FEATURES,  Page  6

MONDAY
H 69 L 58

TUESDAY
H 67 L 60

WEDNESDAY
H 68 L 54

THURSDAY
H 69 L 54

FORECAST

VERBATIM
My council-
members, 
being the 
feisty bunch 
that they are, 
have always 
been quick to 
tell me when I need to do better. 
Chancellor Khosla, it’s time for us 
to do the same with you.”

- Soren Nelson
POINT OF ORDER

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Lights and Sirens ............ 3
Quick Takes .................... 4
Basketball ....................... 9
Crossword .................... 10
Classifieds .................... 11

“

SPORTS,  PAGE  12

PHOTO BY MEGAN LEE /GUARDIAN

FERGUSON VERDICT   

HANDS UP, DON’T SHOOT: UCSD students participated in a La Jolla protest Nov. 26 against a Ferguson, MO grand jury’s 
decision not to indict an officer who fatally shot unarmed Michael Brown in August. The local demonstration, one of dozens 
nationwide held up traffic on the northbound I-5 at Nobel Drive. Read our full coverage of the protest at ucsdguardian.org. 

PHOTO BY JACKY TO/GUARDIAN

Over 1,000 donors helped the 
UCSD Health System meet its 
fundraising goal of $131 million, 
the largest campaign in the 
organization’s history, to fund the 
construction of the new Jacobs 
Medical Center on campus. 
Expected to open in July 2016, the 
10-story facility will be divided into 
three subhospitals, each with its 
own intended specialization: cancer, 
advanced surgery, and women and 
infant care.

The fundraising initiative began 
in 2010 when Irwin and Joan Jacobs 
— who provided over $15 million 
in endowments to the Jacobs School 
of Engineering in 1997 — pledged 
a $75 million lead gift. After the 
complex’s groundbreaking in 2012, 
private funding continued until 
now when the UCSD News Center 
announced that the Jacobs family 
gave another $25 million matching 
grant last year. The remainder of 
the estimated $839 million price tag 
will be funded by loans and other 
savings. 

“We are deeply grateful to 
Joan and Irwin Jacobs for their 
generosity, including the recent $25 
million match challenge,” UCSD 
Chancellor Pradeep K. Khosla said 
in a Nov. 20 press release. “We also 
thank Carol Vassiliadis and Pauline 
Foster, who made leadership gifts, 
as well as all of the other donors 
who participated in meeting this 
challenge.”

According to the Health System, 
the project is one of the largest 
currently underway in the area, and 
the 509,500-square-foot, 245-bed-
filled facility will help support 
research at the other existing 
medical buildings. It also intends 
to take over certain responsibilities 
from the UCSD Medical Center at 
Hillcrest. 

The Jacobs Medical Center will 
be split into the A. Vassiliadis Family 
Hospital for Advanced Surgery, the 
Pauline and Stanley Foster Hospital 
for Cancer Care and the Hospital 
for Women and Infants — the first 
two named for the other largest 
contributing fundraising parties.

CEO of the UCSD Health System 
Paul Viviano added in the press 
release that each division is uniquely 
designed to provide advanced care 
for its patients. 

“Soon we will have the largest, 
most technologically advanced 
hospital in the region dedicated to 
offering specialized care for every 
kind of patient in every phase of 
life,” Viviano said.

For example, the Vassiliadis 

UCSD Health 
System Meets
Fundraising 
Target

SAN DIEGO

Over $131 million was
raised to continue the 
construction for the new 
Jacobs Medical Center. 

BY  An drew H uang
Senior Staff Writer

See FUNDS, page 3

Sci ence an d Tech nology

Researchers Use Teeth to Reveal Autism Patterns
Cells containing genetic material were collected and analyzed by UCSD researchers. 

BY   Bryn na  bolt
staff writer

UCSD  researchers, led 
by Assistant Professor of the 
Department of Pediatrics/Cellular 
and Molecular Medicine Dr. Alysson 
Muotri, have developed a way of 
studying the genetic material of 
autistic children using pluripotent 
stem cells, or iPSCs. 

These iPSCs were isolated from 
the baby teeth of about 300 autistic 
children collected through the Tooth 
Fairy Project, a project in which 
parents sent Muotri their childrens’ 
discarded baby teeth. This is the first 
study to use iPSC-derived human 
neurons to model non-syndromic 
autism. Muotri’s findings were 
published in the journal “Molecular 
Psychiatry” on Nov. 11.

The iPSCs gathered from the 
teeth were then reprogrammed 
into brain cells through stem cell 
techniques.

The cells collected as a part of 
the Tooth Fairy Project Sample 
underwent a two-stage protocol in 
which four pluripotent factors in 
dental pulp cells were expressed and 
then induced into iPSCs. These stem 
cells are embryonic-like and can be 
specialized into any cell type of the 
body — brain cells, in this case.  

The next step in Muotri’s process 
was then to generate the observable 
brain cells from the iPSCs . This 
phase of the process typically takes 
six to eight weeks and requires the 
addition of several growth factors 
and small molecules that mimic the 
brain’s environment to encourage the 
specialized development of the new 
brain cells, Muotri told the UCSD 

Guardian. 
When these brain cells were 

analyzed under a microscope, they 
displayed several hallmarks of 
autism: both neurons of different 
shapes and sizes and connection 
issues between the brain cells. 

Furthermore, Muotri and 
his colleagues identified a new 
disruption in one of the two copies 
of the TRPC6 gene, a member of 
the transient receptor potential gene 
family in the iPSC-derived neuron of 
one non-syndromic autistic donor. 

The researchers then used 
mouse models to confirm that 
TRPC6 mutation contributed to 
altered neuronal development, 
function and morphology. However, 
the researchers noted that the 
damaging effects of the reduced 
amount of TRPC6 could be 

See AUTISM, page 2

Task Force Proposes Major 
Changes to Sun God Festival

A tentative date has been set for the 2015 Sun God 
Festival for Sunday, May 3, after the Sun God Task 
Force met at their weekly meeting on Nov. 25, 2014 to 
discuss the event and the proposed agenda.

The 2015 festival is scheduled to begin at noon 
with activities to “get students out of residence 
halls away from drinking and participate in fun, 
lively events,” the task force wrote in a preliminary 
festival agenda that was provided at the meeting. The 
preactivities will continue until approximately 3 p.m., 
and from then until 8 p.m. or 9 p.m., there will be 
“musical acts and carnival without electronic dance 
music or major headliners.” 

The task force discussed providing a cool-down 
event from approximately 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. or 11 p.m. 
that would “focus on film, comedy — other forms of 
chill entertainment that’s not associated with alcohol 
or drug use.” 

Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs Juan Gonzalez 
began the meeting by stating that the group was in 
agreement about the continuation of the Sun God 
Festival but discussed how the date and time of the 
festival can still be altered. 

“The dates are still manageable ... This is not 
written in stone,” Gonzalez said. “It could be 1 p.m. 
to 2 p.m., instead of 12 p.m. to 3 p.m. Institutionally, 
[we] want to make a decision for the best light and 
best decision for our students.”

Members of the task force, including Health and 
Student Well-Being Assistant Vice Chancellor Karen 
Calfas discussed alcohol education. Resident Dean of 
Eleanor Roosevelt College Reynaldo Guerrero also 
discussed having hands-on education for students 
and mentioned partnering up with Good Life Festival, 
a UCSD festival that promotes healthy living to “test 
[students’] skills in order to get a wristband,” as well 

See SUN GOD, page 3

  By   meryl  press    Associate News Editor 



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

DO YOU TWEET? YAY SO DO WE!

@UCSDGuardian

#OMG 
#LIKE US
#FOLLOW US
@ucsdguardian

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. Rabbi Koa and the Yid-lits.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Kyle Somers

Nilu Karimi

Taylor Sanderson

Siddharth Atre

Alwin Szeto

Joselynn Ordaz

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Lifestyle Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Shermin Alein, Lauren Koa, Zev Hurwitz

Copy Readers
Andrew Chao, Caroline Lee, Jennifer Grundman, Micaela 

Stone, Kriti Sarin

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Teiko Yakobson, Jonah Yonker

effectively treated with hyperforin, 
a photochemical that stimulates the 
functional TRPC6 in neurons and 
could be made into a potential drug 
therapy.

Much about the genetics behind 
the physiological markers of autism 
is still unknown, but this non-
invasive method has opened up a 
pathway for future studies, Muotri 
told the UCSD Guardian. 

“The genetics of autism is 
complex because [it] does not 
segregate like traditional, monogenic, 
Mendelian diseases,” Muorti said. “It 
is a combination of several genes, 
each one giving a small contribution. 
However, with several genome 
sequencing projects, we are learning 
a lot about what are these genes. The 
next phase will be to compare more 
neurons from people with different 
types of autisms, to find common 
pathways that may reveal novel 
therapeutic opportunities.” 

Researchers also found that the 
gene MeCP2, a gene vital to the 
formation of nerve cells and typically 
associated with the form of autism 
known as Rett syndrome, may be 
implicated in non-syndromic autism 
as well. It was demonstrated in the 
study that MeCP2 levels affects the 
expression of the aforementioned 
gene TRPC6. 

This interaction suggests the 
presence of common molecular 
pathways between different types of 
autism spectrum disorders.

Brynna  bolt    bbolt@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

Research Method 
Enables Conduction of  
New Types of  Studies 

The science journal Nature has 
ranked UCSD sixth in the nation in 
total research output, according to a 
Nov. 20 UCSD News Center report. 
UCSD was the second highest public 
university on Nature’s list and the 
13th highest of any institution in 
the world.

Nature’s publishing index ranks 
research institutions based on the 
number of times their faculty appear 
in any of the 68 most respected 
scholar and scientific journals. 

One statistic that Nature uses for 
its ranking is called the “corrected 
count,” which calculates a decimal 
number to measure the number 
of authors’ affiliated institutions 
and the percentage of authors by 
institution. 

Last year, when UCSD was 
ranked 16th in the world, its 
corrected count was 35.75. The 
highest ranking institution, 
Harvard University, had a corrected 
count of 158.99, nearly double that 
of the Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology’s, which was ranked 
2nd and had a corrected count of 
84.68.

UCSD’s Vice Chancellor for 
Research Sandra A. Brown was very 

pleased with the ranking and what 
it means for the UCSD community.

“The new ranking affirms that 
UC San Diego scholars, scientists 
and researchers are among the 
brightest and most productive in 
the nation and around the world,” 
Brown told the UCSD News Center. 
“Students choosing our campus can 
expect to work with superlative 
teachers and collaborators.”

Brown’s Director of 
Communications Paul Kennedy 
Mueller echoed Brown’s sentiments 
and told the UCSD Guardian that 
UCSD considers the ranking highly 
significant.

“It’s gratifying for everybody at 
UC San Diego that Nature, one 
of the most respected scientific 
journals, recognizes that our 
scholars and scientists publish more 
articles in the very best journals in 
their fields,” Mueller said.

He also added that prospective 
students and their parents often 
look at these rankings when making 
their decisions, rendering the 
ranking even more significant with 
regard to admissions. 

However, he clarified that UCSD 
is careful not to equate the ranking 
with absolute truth.

“We, and all our peer institutions, 
recognize that rankings can be 
based on criteria that may not be 

evenly applied to all institutions or 
may be based on ‘snapshots’ of data 
that may not accurately reflect an 
institution’s long-term growth and 
achievements,” Mueller said. “So we 
do tend to take rankings with the 
proverbial grain of salt.”

Mueller credits UCSD’s success 
in research to the imagination and 
work ethic of its faculty. He also 
cited the campus’ omnipresent 
multidisciplinary culture as the 
ideal environment for research to 
thrive. 

Mueller also told the 
Guardian that, moving forward, 
UCSD will continue to build on 
its multidisciplinary, multi-
institutional model that it helped 
pioneer. 

Researchers at UCSD will use 
Chancellor Pradeep Khosla’s 
strategic-planning process to 
develop four areas of research that 
will guide their future explorations: 
understanding and protecting 
the planet, enriching human life 
and society, exploring the basis 
of human knowledge, learning 
and creativity, and understanding 
cultures and addressing disparities 
in society.

UCSD Ranks Sixth in Total Research Output
CAMPUS   

BY  jacky  to
senior staff writer

jacky to  j6to@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact

ucsdguardian.org
CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE ONLINE

▶ AUTISM, from page 1

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

Aurelio
GLOBAL MUSIC // HONDURAS

Wednesday, Dec. 3 / 8pm
Price Center East Ballroom

STUDENT TICKETS $12
CALL (858) 534-TIXS (8497)
Or visit the Price 
Center Box Ofﬁce 

“One of the most extraordinary 
and passionate Garifuna 
artists of our time”

LIGHTS & SIRENS Lights and Sirens is compiled from the Police Crime Log at police.ucsd.edu.

Friday, Nov. 21
6:57 a.m.: Medical Aid
An adult male in the Village 
East felt numb and experienced 
difficulty breathing. Transported to 
hospital.
11 a.m.: Information
A rope in the shape of a noose was 
reportedly hanging from a light 
post in the Old Student Center. 
Report taken.
4:26 p.m.: Found Juvenile
A juvenile female was left 
unattended in a Stein Clinical 
Research Building lobby for an 
extended period of time. Report 
taken.

Saturday, Nov. 22
1:06 a.m.: Disturbance
An intoxicated male started a fight 
after being asked to leave a party 
in the Village West. Closed by adult 
arrest.
2:33 a.m.: Citizen Flagdown
A subject expressed to an officer 
that he was feeling suicidal. 
Transported to county mental 
health.
7:53 p.m.: Illegal Solicitation
An adult male was going door-
to-door in the South Mesa 
Apartments claiming to be selling 
things for an athletic club. Field 
interview conducted.

Sunday, Nov. 23
12:29 a.m.: Welfare Check
An intoxicated subject was released 
to a sober friend at the Pangea 

Parking Structure. Checks OK.
8:28 a.m.: Collision
A vehicle on Villa La Jolla Drive 
traveled too fast while turning and 
crashed into the center divide. 
Report taken.

Monday, Nov. 24
12:56 a.m.: Assist Other Agency
An intoxicated subject repeatedly 
called 911 and hung up. Closed by 
adult arrest.
7 a.m.: Vandalism
Three UCSD vehicles were found 
with graffiti on them, costing 
$3,000 in damages. Report taken.
3:17 p.m.: Welfare Check
A parent requested a welfare check 
for a son. Unable to locate.

Tuesday, Nov. 25
2:59 a.m.: Citizen Contact
An officer contacted a male and 
a female who were sitting on the 
curb near Lot P502 underneath a 
blanket. Checks ok.
1 p.m.: Petty Theft 
A soccer bag with clothing items 
and a wallet were stolen from the 
Main Gym, with an estimated loss 
of $165. Online report taken.
4:16 p.m.: Alarm
An adult female was yelling and 
causing a disturbance at the 
Women’s Resource Center. Gone on 
arrival.

— ANDREW HUANG
Senior Staff Writer  

Hospital will host state-of-the-art 
operating rooms and intensive care 
units for patient recovery, as well as 
the region’s only intraoperative MRI 
machines. 

The Foster Hospital will double 
the Health System’s capacity for 
cancer patients and focus on clinical 
trials and research, as well as an 
expanded Blood and Bone Marrow 
Transplant Program. It complements 
the services of the nearby Moores 

Cancer Center. 
Finally, the Hospital for Women 

and Infants on the top floors will 
provide treatment for all aspects 
of pregnancy and birth, equipped 
with 32 postpartum rooms and 52 
neonatal intensive care units for 
premature or critically ill newborns.

Dr. Irwin Jacobs, a former 
UCSD professor and co-founder of 
Qualcomm, hopes the new medical 
center will help turn innovative 
research into medicinal applications 
and therapies at an even faster rate.

“More and more, we’re learning 
how to bring results from basic 
research in biology and engineering 
to medicine and to the clinic. I think 
this medical center is going to show 
how effective that can be,” Jacobs 
said in a Nov. 20 San Diego Union-
Tribune article. “The innovations 
will spread out from San Diego and 
go all around the world.” 

as using Good Life as an educational 
resource for the students. No date 
has yet been confirmed for the 
Good Life Festival for the 2014–15 
academic year.

A.S. Concert and Events Festival 
Director Sean Kennedy explained 
that the task force is going to push 
its educational campaign even 
more so by campaigning year-
round but noted that there are 
always difficulties in reaching out 
to students. 

He said that the task force is 
going to be placing a stronger 
emphasis on drug use while still 
keeping alcohol consumption as a 
focus, and he hopes the reformatting 
of the festival will solve many of the 
festival’s problems.

Gonzalez said that he hopes Sun 
God becomes a model for future 
campus endeavors.

“We all have to sponsor ... 
the proactiveness [sic] of alcohol 
education so it permeates the 
campus culture,” Gonzalez said. “If 
we’re going to change the campus 
culture, it’s not going to happen 
by one festival or committee. We 

can’t afford to believe that our 
conclusion and our agreements and 
conversations have solved an issue.”

ASCE coordinator Benjamin 
Miller said that he thought the main 
event would run concurrently with 
the cool-down event, and Kennedy 
explained to the group that the 
cool-down event is one of the most 
important events to focus on during 
the festival.

“The problem with this — the way 
it could go wrong — when the actual 
event is ending at 8 p.m., [students] 
make [plans] for afterwards,” Kennedy 
said. “I think if we just show a movie, 
it won’t attract the crowd we need to 
attract for us to solve the problem, 
[and] for that, [the events] need to be 
a natural flow and, for events to flow, 
having an overlap in this schedule 
needs to happen.” 

When asked if there is potential for 
the festival to be cancelled, Kennedy 
explained to the UCSD Guardian that 
the chances of that occurring are slim 
because time and money have already 
been invested in the festival, and that 
something of major significance would 
have to occur for it to be completely 
cancelled. 

Kennedy commented to the 

Guardian that the task force is 
beginning to contact agents for the 
lineup.

“We’re open to all genres [and] 
maybe getting a country artist... but 
there is no plan to center it around 
country,” Kennedy said. “It’s really 
looking at, ‘Are people taking the 
substances to go to those concerts?’” 

Closing off the International 
House and the Village has not yet been 
discussed and is dependent on how 
the events are formed this year. The 
task force might stay with the previous 
security company it hired, Staff Pro, 
or it might hire Staff Pro and a second 
company, depending on the scope of 
the event. 

When asked about his confidence 
in the festival, Kennedy said that it will 
be more challenging.

“Students always expect a bigger, 
better event ... but there’s a huge 
health component,” Kennedy said. 
“These changes aren’t what people are 
expecting, but there is a way to take 
these changes and make them into the 
best possible event.”

Festival Organizers Will Increase Focus on Preventing Drug Use
▶ SUN GOD, from page 1

Meryl  Press    MPRESS@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

andrew huang    aehuang@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

Foster Hospital Will Double the Capacity for Cancer Patients 
▶ FUNDS, from page 1

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORCHARU  M EHRAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

opinion@ucsdguardian.org

President Obama’s executive order is not a victory for immigration reform; it’s another nail in its coffin. While it’s better than nothing, a little caution on the 
behalf of the president could have gone a long way in striking 
a grand bargain with the newly-elected Congress. Instead, 
America’s broken immigration system gets a band-aid on its 
dismembered limb, with no hope of stopping the bleeding.

There’s only so much the president can do on his own. 
Obama’s action on immigration reform is akin to treating 
asthma with cough syrup: It can’t hurt, but it’s hardly enough. 
According to the Washington Post, around 6.2 million un-
documented immigrants are excluded because the executive 
order does not cover those without children. No replacement 
was considered to address the outdated and incredibly broken 
guest-worker program. Nothing is mentioned about people 
who will come to the country illegally in the future. Recent 
arrivals, especially the tens of thousands fleeing countries like 
Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala, countries that rank in 
the top five in regards to murder rate, as cited by American 

Progress, are also left out. And the parents of “Dreamers,” 
children brought illegally to the United States who are both 
law-abiding and productive, are at risk of seeing their families 
torn apart, according to the Los Angeles Times.

This humanitarian aspect cannot be stressed enough. 
The United States is a nation of immigrants, and it’s both 
un-American and cruel (and not to mention, unrealistic) 
to send millions of people back to countries littered with 
corrupt leaders, untamed violence and zero opportunity for 
a better life. These immigrants did break the law by crossing 
the border without authorization, but it was out of compas-
sion to feed their families, worried that their home country 
doesn’t provide for a bright future. They saw a land rife with 
opportunity and advancement right in front of them, only 
to be dismayed by an unnecessarily complex immigration 
system riddled with red tape and an entrenched bureaucracy. 
But even when here illegally, the Institute on Taxation and 
Economic Policy says that they still pay billions of dollars in 
taxes. And according to RAND think tank senior economist 

Together, the U.S. and China contribute to over 
one-third of global greenhouse emissions. Many 
supporters of the recent climate change agreement 
believe the deal to be a crucial step towards effective 
decarbonization of the global economy, while others 
remain skeptical of any real changes. 

But there is more than one reason why this deal 
could fall short. The agreement is voluntary, mean-
ing that if either party opts out by being inactive, 
there are no enlisted penalties. Also, the shale oil 
and gas drilling revolution has made America the 
world’s top petroleum producer and it has 300 years’ 
worth of coal in reserve. Taxing and regulating these 
resources to extinction will come back and haunt the 
U.S., especially with the thousands of mining-related 
jobs that would be lost as a result.

Furthermore, developing nations like India and 
Indonesia have been neglected in this particular 
effort to save the planet.  A recent report by the In-
tergovernmental Panel on Climate Change disclosed 
that the rate of global warming has doubled in the 
past decade than the two before it. A major reason: 
outsourcing of carbon emissions, wherein rich 
countries like the U.S. relocate factories to develop-
ing economies like India to reduce their own carbon-
related pollution stress. This contributes heavily to 
the net concentration of global greenhouse gasses, 
making developing nations an inevitable part of the 
solution to this global problem.

Any positive and sustainable development in 
the direction of real solutions to the climate change 
problem will need the cooperation and proactive 
attitudes of all major economies in the world.

—  KSHITIZ VERMA
Contributing Writer

Largest Carbon Producers Can Help 
Control Global Climate Change Crisis

Agreement Between Latecomers to 
Climate Game Is Too Little, Too Late

Climate Deal Is Not Enough, More 
Developing Nations Must Be Involved

The United States and China are well over 15 
years late to the climate change ballgame, and their 
non-participation in the 1997 Kyoto Protocol has 
already doomed the ecological future of our planet. 

Edward Wong from the New York Times reports 
that experts predict that even if the two countries 
follow the deal to the letter, the effect will be insuf-
ficient “to keep the average global temperature from 
rising more than 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit above the 
pre-industrial average,” a mark widely regarded as 
the threshold of catastrophic climate change.

Experts working for the Paris Summit of 2015 
say that industries, which are responsible for 20 per-
cent of the greenhouse gas emissions in the United 
States as of 2012, will have to accept a tax on their 
carbon emissions, an idea with large political impli-
cations due to the culture of big industries lobbying 
legislators. 

As for China’s side of the deal, the consensus 
amid its officials and most experts is that China can 
achieve its part of the deal by changing absolutely 
nothing. Scholars from China’s Tsinghua University 
have predicted a 34 percent rise in carbon emis-
sions by 2030 (10.6 billion tons, up from 7.9 billion 
tons in 2012). China will just continue to emit at its 
destructive rate and naturally reach a peak in carbon 
emissions by 2030.

This deal sets foundations for a future more 
committed to stopping climate change. However, 
carbon emissions have increased by about 1.5 
times between 1990 and 2008, and even with 
this agreement between the two powers most 
responsible for this disaster, it is too little and 
too late to save our planet. 

— MARCUS THUILLIER
Contributing Writer  

QUICK TAKES THE UNITED STATES ANNOUNCED A NEW GOAL TO CUT NET GREENHOUSE EMISSIONS BY 26-28 PERCENT BY 2025, WHILE CHINA HAS AGREED TO DERIVE 20 PERCENT OF ITS ENERGY NEEDS FROM RENEWABLE SOURCES BY 2030.

See IMMIGRATION, page 5

Bordering On
Misguided

President Obama fell short with his recent executive order to reform immigration, leaving 
out crucial groups of  residents and failing to properly help the rest. 

BY jordan  utley-thomson  staff writer

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG/GUARDIAN

The U.S. and China collectively represent 45 
percent of the world's greenhouse gas emissions but 
only a quarter of its population. These countries are 
the big-hitters and together, they can bring the rest 
of the planet down from the fence to face this crisis.

Reducing GHG emissions in this country by 
26 to 28 percent below the existing 2005 levels by 
2025 will be a challenge, but the U.S. has blindly 
dug itself into a hole and has to take responsibility 
for it. Citizens can no longer be ignorant of the fact 
that their everyday actions contribute to a signifi-
cant amount of GHG emissions. In 2011, passenger 
car and light truck transportation in the U.S. pro-
duced the equivalent of over a billion metric tons 
of carbon dioxide, according the Environmental 
Protection Agency. This figure must decrease sharp-
ly in the next 10 years. It is important that globally 
significant and non-negotiable targets have been 
set to decrease our reliance on main contributors to 
climate change, such as cars, and increase efficient 
forms of public transportation.

China is by far the country most responsible for 
the most GHG production, and unlike the U.S., its 
emissions are still increasing. That continuing, bal-
looning industrialization is the reason why some 
Chinese students at UCSD wear surgical masks 
around our smoke-free campus; during President 
Obama's visit to Beijing for the Asia-Pacific 
Economic Cooperation Summit from which these 
targets arise, "the Chinese government closed facto-
ries and gave employees time off to reduce car traf-
fic and emissions," CNN said. But the joint commit-
ment of China and the United States proves hopeful 
that blue skies will again be seen over Beijing.

— SAM THOBURN
Contributing Writer  

Chancellor 
Khosla,
You Need to
Do Better

soren  nelson 
senelson@ucsd.edu

point of order

The process by which you make a decision is more important than the decision 
itself. My father told me that when 
I was first elected president of 
Revelle College Council, and it’s an 
idea that has had a huge influence 
on the way I lead my council.
The worst decisions I’ve made 
as a leader have come as a direct 
result of my failure to include 
other people in the process. My 
councilmembers, being the feisty 
bunch that they are, have always 
been quick to tell me when I need 
to do better. Chancellor Khosla, 
it’s time for us to do the same with 
you. What students want doesn’t 
seem to matter to you — and that’s 
just not ok anymore. 

Let’s start with Alan Houston. 
I’m sure you had a great reason 
to appoint him as interim Vice 
Chancellor Student Affairs, but 
that reason remains a mystery 
to everyone but you. You started 
your tenure here at UCSD with 
a promising message: a student-
centric university. If anyone 
believed it before, they sure don’t 
now. Appointing a man who has, as 
I understand it, no background in 
student affairs as the interim VCSA 
displayed a blatant disregard for 
the needs of students and the well-
being of the student affairs staff. 
That was a mistake.

And then there’s Graffiti Hall. 
I mean, seriously, what the hell, 
Pradeep? Students loved that place. 
Considering the gestapo-esque 
nature of UCSD’s policy on student 
expression, I suppose I shouldn’t be 
surprised that you took away one 
of our most treasured landmarks 
while we were gone for summer 
break. I recognize there were safety 
concerns with the way the space 
was being used, but I have yet to 
hear of a single student involved 
in the decision to remove it. But 
hey, now we have those billboards 
to draw penises on, so that’s 
something, I guess.

And finally, we come to tuition. 
I’m not sure if this will make sense 
to someone who makes close to 
$500,000 per year, but it’s going to 
be really hard to have a student-
centric university if no students can 
afford to attend. Where was our 
fearless leader when UC President 
Napolitano proposed a 28-percent 
hike of our already exorbitant fees? 
Maybe I missed the email you sent 
out railing against the egregious 
adulteration of the California 
Master Plan. It may not be your 
fault that tuition went up, but your 
silence speaks volumes.

Here’s the deal, dude. I can’t 
speak for my fellow students, but 
— oh wait, yes I can. They elected 
me to do just that. You need to do 
better. Your staff rolls its eyes at the 
very mention of your name, your 
decisions have been anything but 
student-centric, and the student 
body doesn’t trust you. 

But here’s the cool part: You can 
change that. Come to A.S. Council. 
Come to the college councils. Go 
to SAAC, IFC, PHC, MGC — any 
acronym you can think of — and 
listen to what students have to say. 
We want you to succeed, so let us 
help you.



James Smith, they have contrib-
uted billions of dollars to the U.S. 
Economy since 1980. Many work 
the kind of jobs — namely manual 
labor jobs like in agriculture — that 
U.S. citizens don’t want to take, 
as reported by the United States 
Department of Labor.

So immigration is a good deal. 
America is an exceptional place 
with immense size, resources and 
business opportunities that enables 
this country to handle so many. The 
United States needs more people, 
not less, especially due to the mass 
retirement of the baby boomers and 
a falling fertility rate, as reported 
by TIME Magazine. By failing to 
properly reform the immigration 
system or adding restrictions, the 
country will find itself dwarfed by 
an imbalance of the elderly relative 
to the youth, a problem that can 
lead to anemic growth and has 
given much of Europe and Asia a 
headache, as shown in a study done 
by the Pew Research Center. The 
most egregious example is Japan, 
where 25 percent of the population 
is elderly. The Japanese just recently 
entered a triple-dip recession, and 
their old and declining population 
certainly doesn’t help. As a rule of 
thumb, it’s good to live in a country 
where people desperately want in, 
not out.

But Obama’s unilateral action 
on immigration all but kills any 
chance of meaningful reform in this 
political climate. Bloomberg Politics 
reported that before the executive 
order, House Speaker John Boehner 
claimed that executive amnesty 
would be akin to “poison[ing] the 
well.” He was not exaggerating. 
The next Congress will feature the 
largest Republican House majority 

since World War II, according to 
the Wall Street Journal — a major-
ity composed of many Congress-
men who simply rode the conser-
vative wave by stating that they’ll 
oppose anything and everything 
the president touches. Considering 
that an immigration bill has already 
passed the Senate, Obama should 
be reaching out to the House, not 
dividing it.

Despite intense opposition 
by Republican backbenchers, the 
party desires reform, especially the 
leadership. The Wall Street Journal 
reports that there is a consensus 
that further inaction with regard 
to immigration will lead to total 
alienation of the growing Hispanic 
electorate, thus relegating the GOP 
to a future of permanent opposi-
tion. This is where politics comes 
into play. Obama wants this, and he 
knows executive action on a polar-
izing issue, one that he previously 
argued he has no power to act alone 
on, could bait the Republicans into 
overreacting. It’s no wonder that 
Los Angeles Times columnist Jonah 
Goldberg argued that “maybe Presi-
dent Obama is just trolling?”

Well, Republicans fed this troll a 
four-course dinner. Think Progress 
reported on Senator Jeff Sessions 
warning of constitutional anar-
chy, and Congressman Mo Brooks 
charged that this could make 
Obama a criminal. Senator Ted 
Cruz was quoted by CNN as liken-
ing Obama to a conspirator against 
the Roman Republic. Not to men-
tion other varying claims: tyrant, 
king, emperor! This is not encour-
aging political discourse. It could be 
a long time before real immigration 
reform is achieved.

O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

         (Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Do you suffer
from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 

blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You will 
be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 
752-6979 or email (study@lji.org), and 

mention the Sette-Allergy study to find 
out more information.

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get
HAY FEVER? • are generally healthy,

with no known diseases
• are willing to donate blood

• weigh at  least 110 lbs.
• are between the ages of 18-65

• are non-smokers (past or present)
• have no history of substance abuse

We are conducting a research study to analyze the 
immune system, of healthy people to understand how 

genetic factors affect the function of immune cells.  
We are looking for volunteers who:

Qualified participants will be asked to provide 
information regarding their medical history and will 

be compensated up to $300 for their time and 
donating blood.

Are you a

If you would like more information 
or think that you may be eligible for 

this study, please call our study 
coordinator at(858) 752-6979 or 

email study@liai.org

HEALTHY PERSON?

WORLDFRONT WINDOW By David Juarez Immigration Reform Leaves Much to Be Desired, 
Especially in the Current Economic Climate
▶ IMMIGRATION, from page 4

readers can contact
jordan  utley-thomson    jutleyth@ucsd.edu 

Are your friends tired of hearing 
your opinions?

Save them the headache. 
Apply to be a columnist for the Guardian. 

Email 
opinion@ucsdguardian.org 

for more information.



6 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

FEATURES CONTACT THE EDITORSOUMYA  KURNOOLfeatures@ucsdguardian.org
Kickstarting a 

Noiseless Revolution
UCSD alumnus discusses the lessons of founding a successful start-up technology company.

Written by Teiko Yakobson // Photos Used with Permission from Hush

Ear plugs, while not obviously an important technology, are actually crucial to the college experience. Think of all those times you needed to study for a midterm while your roommates had friends over; sud-
denly, ear plugs don’t seem so worthless any more. Realizing the vast utility 
of ear plugs is what inspired two UCSD students and one alumnus to start 
up the company Hush. 

Hush’s new “smart” ear plugs improve upon the traditional foam design 
to not only block out noise better, but also mask it with a tiny speaker that 
plays more soothing sounds chosen by the user. With a Kickstarter launch 
that rallied in more than $200,000 to date, over the original $100,000 goal, it 
goes to show that a good idea shouldn’t go to waste.

As far as ideas go, college presents a plateful of everyday experiences that 
could inspire a new invention. Daniel “Ewok” Lee — one of Hush’s three co-
founders —says that, as a victim of loud neighbors his junior year, he decided 
to dedicate his project for MAE 154 (Product Design and Entrepreneurship) 
to the vision of sound-selective ear plugs. It was there that he first pitched 
his idea and was awarded $2,000 to continue his project after it was deemed 
one of three best pitches in the class.

“I had another team from the class [but] they didn’t want to [continue 
because] they had to focus on school, so I went out and drafted some of my 
talented friends that I knew ... to try to pass on the idea,” Lee said.

Lee laughed while insisting that winding up with two other co-founders 
both also named Daniel — Daniel Synn and Daniel “Chesong” Lee — was 
pure “coincidence.” Synn was Ewok Lee’s roommate for two years, and 
Chesong Lee was a close friend from the computer science and engineering 
department.

“Daniel Synn, I knew him pretty well and I met in him freshman year … 
I initially reached out to him because I got along well with him and I knew 
he was smart,” Ewok Lee said. “And the other Daniel, I talked with him for 
a while and he was amazingly gifted at software development … He was dif-
ficult to convince ... [but] convincing came in the form of ... just constantly 
feeding him stuff [about the competitions won] and talking to him, trying to 
get him excited about the idea.” 

As for expanding the company out, Lee says that Hush has relied signifi-
cantly on friends for its workforce but also corresponds with an engineering 
firm they sought out and commissioned.

“I just posted on Facebook, ‘Hey, who wants to work at my company? 
We’re looking for a social media intern,’ and then a lot of people just mes-
saged me,” Lee said. “That was my recruiting process.”

It sounds simple enough, but starting a company still strikes many as 
a daunting aspiration. Wishful entrepreneurs should take comfort in that 
help is available to them: Lee revealed that several pieces of Hush’s founda-

tion were gathered from various resources on and around UCSD’s campus, 
all starting with MAE 154. It’s a class that any student with upper-division 
standing and a sense of innovation can take.

“MAE 154 teaches you the baseline language that you use in the entrepreneur 
world, just to know how to talk-the-talk, in a sense,” Lee said. “It’s helpful: They 
required us to work on a business pitch and things that are very standard in the 
start-up life.”

In this course, students are given $100 to build a prototype of a new product, 
and the top three able to pitch their idea most successfully are granted $2,000 to 
continue in their businesses’ development.

The other main backers of Hush are various programs from the Rady School of 
Management and the Moxie Center for Student Entrepreneurship, particularly the 
advisors from these programs whom Lee considers “very key” to the development 
of Hush. Attending UCSD events and gaining exposure to influential business 
individuals within San Diego eventually led to Hush’s acceptance into EvoNexus. 
This prestigious start-up incubator now provides Hush with additional advisors 
and a comfortable office space to run operations.

Networking events are hosted constantly throughout UCSD, which is where 
Hush met its first angel investor. Lee also encourages every entrepreneur to strive 
for growing comfortable with their business pitch.

“The biggest thing that I tell every single person is put yourself out there and 
pitch. Constantly pitch. Almost every good thing that has given momentum for us 
to keep pushing forward was a result of me participating in pitch competitions,” 
Lee said. “It’s kind of scary at first because you don’t want people bashing on your 
baby — in a sense — but you gotta [sic] do it because that’s what allows you to 
continue towards your goal and let it grow up in a sense. You can’t keep your baby 
sheltered.”

Keeping one’s audience in mind is also critical, according to Lee. The biggest 
challenge for engineers is learning to translate their technical achievements and 
product design into everyday language that the average person — a possible inves-
tor — can understand and appreciate.

“What you’ll find … is that no one [you’re talking to] cares about the technol-
ogy,” Lee said. “They only care about ‘What difference does this make to me as a 
person?’ [or] ‘How does this help me?’”

A few months shy of a year into its business venture, Hush has already seen 
massive coverage by media from CNET to the Huffington Post, thanks to the 
explosive success of the Kickstarter project. Despite the bumps and obstacles 
they’ve been riding over, the three founders are grateful for the support they’ve 
received.

“UCSD has been absolutely critical to shaping where I am today,” Lee said. 
“Things have not been easy; by no means have things gone smoothly, [but] I feel 
like I’ve had good advice throughout.”

readers can contact
teiko  yakobson   syakobso@ucsd.edu 



F E A T U R E S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

wpcarey.asu.edu/graduate

    boost 
your career

really!

Earn your master’s degree in as little as 9 months 
from a top-ranked business school.

• Accountancy

• Business Analytics

• Finance

• Global Logistics

• Information Management

• Management

• Real Estate Development

• Taxation



8 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  F E A T U R E S

Creating New Learning Spaces
Members of the Learning Spaces Program discuss recent and planned changes at Geisel 

Library and what those changes mean for its patrons. 

The time of the uncomfortable, solo all-nighters at Geisel Library may have come to a close. As a part of the Learning Spaces Program that was implemented in Geisel East this quarter, a shift has been made 
toward making the Geisel Library home to collaboration among students by 
making the library both more comfortable and a better place for group work.

Perhaps some of the biggest changes are the simplest, all centered around 
making the library a more convenient place to study. The Library has added 
additional charging stations for cellphones and has added small towers with 
power outlets to allow for students all around a table to be able to charge 
their devices. Starting next year, the Library will also allow students to bor-
row phone chargers, video adapters and eventually iPad and laptop chargers. 
Mobile whiteboards of different sizes were also added to the Library, as well 
as “writeable” tables that can be written on with dry-erase markers. 

In what the Learning Spaces Program’s Outreach Specialist Dorothea 
Stewart believes is one of the most exciting additions, the Library has also 
installed two WalkStations. These WalkStations feature an adjustable work 
surface and a treadmill with adjustable speeds up to 2 mph. Stewart notes 
that the Library hopes to add some screens to allow for patron privacy on 
the WalkStation. So far, she explains, the user feedback has been positive, and 
feedback is regularly noted down from the white sheets by the WalkStations.

The changes to the Library in the new Learning Spaces Program have 
mostly been fueled by student feedback, which is made possible through the 
online and physical feedback forms at the library. 

“We’ve built in assessment into almost everything that we do,” Stewart said. 
Thanks to user feedback, the Library brought out foam rollers for stu-

dents to de-stress. The Library is also featuring a furniture demo lounge in 
Geisel East in which vendors lend furniture for students to try and rate in 
order to inform the Library’s purchasing decisions. 

Changing furniture is a major theme for the Library, as well, in order to 
increase comfort and ergonomics for students planning to spend a long time 
at the Library.

“We are going for portability because research shows that people some-
times like to study alone, and other times they like to work in groups,” 

Stewart said. “Having portable furniture allows you to do that.”
As with the furniture demo lounge, there will be a shift toward more 

modern furniture, such as stools which work out the core that can be found 
by the gaming area, which features regularly updated puzzles, chess and 
Scrabble as breaks from studying.

“The Library has changed a lot, even in the few years I have been here, 
whereas it used to be more quiet and individual,” Learning Spaces Program 
Spaces Specialist Keith Langford said. “The trend seems to be moving more 
and more toward collaborative and interactive group projects. Therefore, 
we need furniture that facilitates that by being mobile, by being flexible, by 
being multifunctional.”

Collaboration is another key word in the Library’s improvements, as the 
Active Learning Lab is projected to be opened in the next quarter. The Lab 
features walls and tables that can be regrouped, which all have writeable sur-
faces. The lab also houses mobile whiteboards that can be used by patrons 
around the Library. Furthermore, the T1 Visual Table is also projected to 
be available next quarter. Right outside the Active Learning Lab, this table 
features a computer station meant for easier collaboration. The Library has 
also created teacher’s aide/instructor consultation areas, which are cubicles 
that can be reserved for appointments or office hours ahead of time by TAs 
or instructors.

The Library has also committed to give support to students with children by 
setting up a Child-Friendly Group Study Room, which, in addition to a table, 
also has a shelf of children’s books. In addition, the Library has a specifically 
designated study room for disabled students with access to those registered 
with the Office for Students with Disabilities that they hope to improve upon. 

In this whirlwind of planned changes, Stewart notes the role that student 
feedback has played in pushing the Library forward. 

“Corny as it sounds, assessment sort of energizes us … When a prospec-
tive student and their family come here, we want the Library to be one of the 
things that says, ‘This is where I want to be,’” Stewart said. “We want it to be 
remarkable both by what it contains, intellectually, and also the services it 
provides.”

Written By Soumya Kurnool // Features Editor 
Photo Used With Permission From Keith Langford/UCSD Library

readers can contact
Soumya  Kurnool   skurnool@ucsd.edu 

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER

@UCSDGUARDIAN

Like us on Facebook

facebook.com/
ucsdguardian



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

While cross-country may appear 
to be an individual sport, teamwork 
paved the uneven road for the UCSD 
women’s cross-country team on 
the way to the NCAA finals during 
the NCAA Western Regionals last 
Saturday. The unranked women’s team 
finished fourth — good for a national 
championship berth — at a meet 
that attracted the top runners from 
this side of the country, while senior 
Tanner Collins alone qualified for the 
men’s team. 

The Triton women bested ranked 
teams such as No. 18 Western Wash-
ington University, along with in-state 
rivals No. 25 California Baptist Uni-
versity and No. 23 Cal Poly Pomona. 

The women’s team utilized a pack 
running strategy, sticking together 
and taking turns, leading the charge 
around the six-kilometer track. 
Junior Paige Hughes finished first for 
the Tritons with a time of 22:01.88. 
She took home another All-West 
Region honors with her 16th place 
finish. Not too far behind, juniors 
Corinne Hinkle (22:41.08) and 
Chandler Colquitt (22:45.59) and 
senior Michelle Le Roux (22:46.58) 
crossed the line in tight succession. 
Junior Marie Diaz was the final 
scorer for the Tritons, finishing in 
49th with a time of 22:55.98. All the 
Tritons finished within the same 
minute, which, despite not having a 
top-10 finisher, contributed to their 
low score and allowed the entire 

team to qualify for nationals.
“They went to the start line 

fully committed to each other and 
throughout the race looked for op-
portunities to support each other,” 
UCSD head coach Nate Garcia said. 
“Our pack effort was the key to our 
qualification.”

On the men’s side, only senior 
Tanner Collins finished the grueling 
10K race quick enough to earn a trip 
to Louisville. His 14th place finish and 
time of 31:31.12 earned him All-West 
Region honors. Despite its best efforts, 
the men’s team failed to qualify for a 
second-straight trip to the finals by 
only a single place. 

 “We came up just a little bit 
short tody on the men’s side,” Garcia 
said. “We had a number of runners 
who put together really strong races, 
but we just weren’t quite able to get 
five of them all to hit today.”

Despite the men’s team not 
qualifying, last Saturday proved 
very successful for the UCSD 
cross-country squad. Two All-West 
Region honors and impressive 
teamwork in a sport not known for 
collective effort led the Tritons to 
success and will continue to be the 
focal point of their efforts heading 
into Louisville, Kentucky for the 
national championship.

         The NCAA Finals will be 
held in two weeks on Saturday, Dec. 
6 at Tom Sawyer Park. 

Despite winning every home 
opener since 2006, the UCSD wom-
en’s basketball squad could not keep 
the streak going as it fell to the Acad-
emy of Art University 84–74 on the 
first day of the UCSD Thanksgiving 
Classic at RIMAC Arena. However, 
the Tritons rebounded to defeat Azu-
sa Pacific University 62–49 the fol-
lowing day, bringing their record to 
2–3 overall. 

“We had a very good crowd and 
it’s always fun to play at home,” 
UCSD women’s head coach Heidi 
VanDerveer said. “We really im-
proved in the early part of the year 
and it was fun to come out and get a 
win on Saturday.”

Despite a poor shooting effort in 
the first half on Friday night, with 
UCSD going 13 percent from deep 
and 30 percent overall, the Tritons 
were able to keep up with Academy 
of Art; both teams produced 11 ties 
and five lead changes in the first 
half. A big first-half effort by junior 
forward Farrah Shokoor, who re-
corded 15 points and 13 rebounds in 
the opening 20 minutes, helped the 
Tritons enter halftime only trailing 
by three at 37–34.   

“Farrah is getting used to playing 
college basketball,” VanDerveer told 
the UCSD Guardian. “She’s been 
doing a great job. She’s very pro-
ductive, a very good rebounder and 
plays very hard, so she’s excellent 
both offensively and defensively.”

The second half was a different 
tale. UCSD was out-hustled by the 
Urban Knights, who shot an absurd 
34 free throws in the period. UCSD 
would still take a 48–47 lead with 
13:47 left in the game on a jump shot 
by senior guard Nadja Kern. How-

ever, Academy of Art answered back 
with a defining 9–0 run, bringing the 
lead for the Urban Knights to 56–48.

With 1:42 left in the game, UCSD 
fought back within three points at 
73–70, after senior center Dana Web-
ster hit one from downtown, but the 
Tritons ultimately failed to complete 
the comeback.

Shokoor put in a monster perfor-
mance with 21 points and a game-
high 19 rebounds, and senior guard 
Miranda Seto added 15 points.

In the final game of the Thanks-
giving Classic at RIMAC Arena on 
Saturday, UCSD snapped a three-
game losing streak with a victory 
against Azusa Pacific.  

After five minutes of play, UCSD 
led by one point to push the score 
to 11–10. From there on, the Tritons 
outscored their opponents 27–9 and 
took a strong 38–19 lead into half-
time. 

The Tritons extended their lead 
to as high as 23 points in the second 
half, with 12 minutes left in play at 
52–29. The Tritons did not give the 
Cougars any breathing room, forcing 
17 turnovers and gaining a 22 to 13 
advantage on the boards. Behind Se-

to’s 23 points and Webster’s 12 points 
and 7 rebounds, UCSD cruised to an 
easy victory.

“We figured some things out de-
fensively and we helped each other 
out,” VanDerveer said. “We were very 
aggressive from the very beginning; 
we came out with good intensity.”

Seto was the one Triton named to 
the All-Tournament Team as she con-
tinues a dominant start to the season.

The Tritons will kick off California 
Collegiate Athletics Association play 
next Friday, Dec. 6, at 5:30 p.m. on 
the road against Cal State Monterey 
Bay before visiting another confer-
ence opponent in Cal State East Bay 
on Saturday at 5:30 p.m. 

“Every game is important, but 
when you start in your league, you 
know other people better, they know 
you better and the intensity picks up 
a little bit,” VanDerveer said. “But we 
had a very challenging preseason, 
playing some of the very best teams 
in the west region, so hopefully this 
will help us prepare for what’s to 
come.”

WOMEN'S BASKETBALL

Mixed Results on Thanksgiving Classic 
Tritons earn loss and win over last week’s holiday break at RIMAC Arena.

BY  Marcus  Th u i lli er
staff writer

readers can contact
Marcus  Thuillier     mthuilli@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact

clay  kaufman    gckaufman@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact

  daniel  sung    d2sung@ucsd.edu 

CROSS COUNTRY

Teamwork Powers Tritons
UCSD’s women’s squad, Collins qualify for nationals. 

BY  clay  kau fman 
staff writer

MEN'S BASKETBALL

UCSD Splits in Colorado in CCAA Play
Basketball suffers poor shooting loss, bounces back strong against Fort Lewis.

After opening its season with a 
pair of hard-fought victories on the 
road, the UCSD men’s basketball team 
returned to the court for back-to-
back games in Colorado, suffering its 
first defeat of the season to Colorado 
School of Mines on Friday before 
regrouping to secure a road win over 
Fort Lewis College the following night. 

The Tritons could not seem to get 
it going offensively against Mines on 
Friday night, as they were limited to 
only 29-percent shooting from the 
field and scored a season-low in points 
in the 54–43 loss. Unlike last week’s 
games, UCSD was cold from the 
three-point line, converting on only 
5-17 from deep. 

Coming off of a 25-point game 
from last week, junior forward Drew 
Dyer struggled early, missing all 10 of 
his attempts from the field. He was, 
however, able to grab a team-high six 
rebounds. 

Mines also struggled on the of-
fensive end, shooting only 36 percent 
overall, though the Orediggers were 
granted 25 free throws to the Tritons’ 
eight. The discrepancy at the charity 
stripe gave Mines the advantage.

“I thought we had a great effort 
defensively, but we weren’t able to 
score enough points to win,” men’s 
head coach Eric Olen told the UCSD 
Athletic Department. “In order to beat 
a good team on the road, we need to 
execute on both ends.”

Only junior guard Hunter Walker 
seemed to find an offensive groove for 
the Tritons, scoring a season-high 14 
points. He was also able to corral five 

rebounds and record two steals.  
UCSD trailed by much as 11 in 

the second half but would slowly 
cut the deficit down to two after a 
layup from Walker with two and a 
half minutes remaining in the game. 
However, the Orediggers would give 
themselves some breathing room 
with two consecutive jumpers and 
put the game away with three pairs 
of free throws. 

With another game the following 
day, the Tritons had little time to hang 
their heads over their loss. However, 
the squad regrouped and responded 
well against Fort Lewis, defeating 
them 83–71.

Dyer bounced back strong, mak-
ing up for his mediocre perfor-
mance from the night before with a 
game-high 22 points on stellar 8-10 
shooting. 

The team overall had a polar 
opposite shooting performance 
from the night before, especially in 
the second half. The team went 65 
percent from the field and 45 percent 
from beyond the arc. Sophomore 
guard Jeff Van Dyke finished with a 
season-high 14 points, converting on 
four of his seven three-pointers. 

“I was pleased with the way we 
responded tonight,” Olen said. “We 
played with terrific energy. Offen-
sively, we did a better job of taking 
care of the ball and making the 
extra pass.”

UCSD also had a strong defensive 
stand, forcing 17 turnovers for 26 
points while only committing nine 
turnovers themselves.

Three other Tritons finished in 
double-digit scoring. Sophomore 
guard Adam Klie had a well-rounded 

game, finishing with 14 points, five 
rebounds and six assists.

Freshman forward Jordan Flan-
nery was again able to play produc-
tive minutes off the bench, finishing 
with 11 points and three rebounds in 
only 11 minutes. Walker rounded out 
the starting lineup with 10 points, 
two rebounds and three assists.

UCSD is now 3–1 on the young 
season, with all games so far being 
on the road. The team has three 
road games remaining until the 
home opener on Dec. 21. The 
Tritons will next play in a pair of 
games up in Northern Califor-
nia next week when they face off 
against Cal State Monterey Bay and 
Cal State East Bay to continue Cali-
fornia Collegiate Athletic Associa-
tion conference play.

BY  dan i el  su ng
associate sports editor

LIKE US ON 
FACEBOOK.

facebook.com/
ucsdguardian

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN FILE

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS DEPARTMENT

P
H

O
TO

 U
S

E
D

 W
ITH

 P
E

R
M

IS
S

IO
N

 FR
O

M
 U

C
S

D
 ATH

LE
TIC

S
 D

E
PA

R
TM

E
N

T



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
crossword

ACROSS
1 Thingamajig
6 Castaway’s home
10 Unpaid credit card bills, e.g.
14 __ of the tongue
15 Celebrity chef Bobby
16 Provo’s state
17 Trailblazer Daniel
18 Bad thing to yell in a crowded theater
19 Hosiery hue
20 Borax haulers, in classic ads
23 Best kind of situation
24 Annual period
25 Getting the job done, briefly
26 Pig __ poke
27 Santa staffer
29 Eager lip sounds
31 Cowboy’s topper
35 “... __ saw Elba”
36 Sport __: versatile vehicle
37 LAPD alerts
41 Poker game where one might stand 

pat
46 Sam’s Club competitor
49 Confucian “path”
50 That, in Tijuana
51 Sculptures, oils, etc.
52 Sock-in-the-gut responses, in comics
55 Words of understanding
57 CBS sitcom since 2003
60 Darkroom images, for short
61 Radioer’s “Back to you”
62 New Wave band __ Boingo
64 Settled on a branch, as a bird
65 Twistable cookie
66 Actress Mary-Kate or Ashley
67 __ bargain: court deal
68 E-mail button
69 Salon colorists

DOWN
1 Chew the fat
2 Big name in gloves
3 It’s to the far right on freeways
4 Sal of “Exodus”
5 Where pirates prey
6 Far from certain
7 Covered with thick, icky liquid
8 Lash of old oaters
9 Place for mascara
10 Sonny and Cher song, e.g.
11 “Yada, yada, yada ...”
12 President Obama
13 Hitchhikers’ digits
21 Be a rat fink
22 Witty Bombeck
23 TV’s Nick at __
28 Chimney duct
30 Not much
32 Party invitee’s buy
33 Non-Rx
34 Without ice
38 False appearance
39 Kim of “L.A. Confidential”
40 Whack, as a fly
42 Clickable PC image
43 Some West Indian religious cultists
44 Racetrack border
45 Alpo or Pedigree
46 Forty winks
47 “Animal Farm” author George
48 Inferior cigar
53 Quarterback Brett with a record 464 

TD passes
54 Charlie of 
57-Across
56 Etiquette author Post
58 “The Thin Man” dog
59 Yanks’ third baseman, familiarly
63 Switch positions
62 Mariner’s hdg.

FURNITURE
Toy Chest with Painted Noah’s Ark - MHA 
ITEM NO. 87 TOY CHEST WITH PAINT-ED 
NOAH’S ARK $50.00 COME AND TAKE A 
LOOK AT 1911 SAN DIEGO AVE. SAN DIEGO, 
CA 92110. NO APPOINTMENT NECESSARY! 
Listing ID: 96529601 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

2 stroke gas bike, motorized bike, beach 
cruiser, odometer - 2 stroke gas bike, odom-
eter, aluminum rear wheel, new exhuast 
pipe, new spark plug, I will give you the 
rest of the two cycle oil. Will throw in extra 
set of white wall tires for $415. Listing ID: 
95943849 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

16 inch Trek Boys bicycle - Solid Trek bicy-
cle, it’s a 16” bicycle. Listing ID: 95943848 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

BIKES
1977 Schwinn Breeze Townie/ Three Speed 
- Have this cute Vintage bike up for sale- 
Schwinn Breeze, made in USA. Rides and 

shifts great, new tires+ tubes. Some paint 
chips, scratch wear. Chrome is clean. Price is 
firm. Listing ID: 95943847 at ucsdguardi-an.
org/classifieds for more information

Portable Infrared Dome Sauna, Infrared 
Massage Table & iGallop - Take care of You 
or add to your spa or beauty business: 
Portable Infrared 360 Degree Dome Sauna. 
Known for Detoxing & Healing the body. 
Listing ID: 96529604 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Gorgeous Artificial Tree - Gorgeous indoor 
Artificial Tree for sale. 6 feet. Tall, bought six 
months ago. Listing ID: 96529603 at ucs-
dguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

ELECTRONICS
NIKON AF FILM CAMERA BODY – I am sell-
ing our Nikon Film Body (this is not a digital 

camera). It is the rare APS (cropped factor) 
film Pronea-S Model film camera. The cam-
era is quite contemporary looking and you 
don’t see many of them around. Camera 
Body is in very terrific condition - the last 
time used, everything worked perfectly. 
List-ing ID: 95637913 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Nikon N90 camera - Nikon N90S Digital 
Camera attractive condition with deals on 
any-one of the lens below Nikon 50 MM 
lens Listing ID: 95637912 at ucsdguardi-an.
org/classifieds for more information

Sony DSC-P9 Digital Camera - Sony 
Cybershot four Megapixels with 3x zoom. 
Includes case, EXTRA BATTERY, large capac-
ity memory card, all cords and paperwork. 
Listing ID: 95637911 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

LECTURE
NOTES

NOW OPEN!
An A.S. enterprise that pays 

student note-takers to take notes 
for a variety of courses. Current 
Notes (note-taker is in the class) 
are sold on a subscription basis 

and are available for pick up every 
Monday morning.

Archive Notes (from a previous 
quarter) are pre-ordered and the 

entire quarter's notes are available in 
a bound packet.

HOURS OF OPERATION
Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm

Occasional Sat: 10am-2pm

as-lecture-notes@ucsd.edu

Located o
n Level 1 

at the Stu
dent Cent

er

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising
ucsdguardian.org

g e t  i n f o rm e d . . .

READ
EVERY MONDAY & THURSDAY

visit

more content. . . new, bold look!

ucsdguardian.org

more content. . .
new, bold look!

more
content. . .

ucsdguardian.org

bold, new
look!

ucsdguardian.org



C A L E N D A R  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

PHILLIP PHILLIPS
RIMAC ARENA

FRI12.05
Tahrir

CAMPUS
CALENDAR
DEC 01 - DEC 07

2014 POWERED BY THE CHANCELLOR’S OFFICE AND THE UCSD GUARDIAN

get

more exposure = higher attendamce

listed...
every MONDAY
in The Guardian
Calendar
SUBMIT your
EVENT for FREE!

calendar@
ucsdguardian.org

MON12.01

WED12.03

TUE12.02
9am
WORLD AIDS DAY - VARIOUS LOCATIONS
At UC San Diego, the goal of World AIDS Day 
programming is to provide a forum for reflection, 
education, and action. We hope to engage our community 
in an ongoing dialogue that encourages each individual to 
be educated and take action to stop AIDS. 

5pm
FILM SERIES: RELIGION, THE BODY AND EVIL 
- PEPPER CANYON HALL, RM 121
Undergraduates: Come explore the themes of religion, the 
body and evil through film. Our Fall Film Series kicks off 
with a screening of The Omen (1976). Upcoming 
screenings will feature the Exorcist, Rosemary's Baby, 
Constantine, or Angel Heart. Each film presentation will 
be followed by an informal discussion about the film and 
its relation to these three themes. 

7pm
GLOBAL FORUM: WORLD AIDS DAY - THE 
GREAT HALL
More than 1.1 million are living HIV positive in America 
today. 1 in 6 of them don't know they are infected. The 
Global Forum at I-House is honored to be taking part in 
World AIDS Day this year by sponsoring a panel 
discussion about HIV / AIDS in the world today. Drs. 
Lianne Urada and Elizabeth Reed from UCSD's Global 
Public Health Initiative and Heather Arculeo, a peer 
navigator from the local organization Christie's place, will 
discuss what UCSD is doing to research and combat 
HIV/AIDS and to give us a perspective on the human costs 
of HIV/AIDS.

7pm
BLABBERMOUTH - THE LOFT
Blabbermouth is a monthly event where YOU can 
showcase your talents to the rest of your peers! Zanzibar 
will be open, so you can eat and enjoy a fun filled night! If 
you would like to perform, please click on the Facebook 
event page and you can find the sign up sheet.

11am
ART AND SOUL: FRAMING MOMENTS - THE ZONE
Create your own frame! It's a great way to capture those old 
memories. Workshops are free; all supplies and materials provided. 
Space is limited and is first come, first served.

1pm
WE'VE GOT YOUR BACK!- THE ZONE, PRICE CTR 
PLAZA
Join us EVERY WEDNESDAY for a free, interactive workshop on how 
to maintain a healthy back. Learn about proper body mechanics and 
go through a series of exercises to help strengthen your back.This 
workshop is not intended for individuals who have been diagnosed 
with severe back conditions. Brought to you by Student Health 
Services' Health Promotion Department.

4pm
DE-STRESS POWER HOUR: R&R SQUAD & DE-STRESS 
WITH BIOFEEDBACK - THE ZONE
Come out to the Zone to get a free massage and while you're 
waiting, measure your stress levels through De-Stress with 
Biofeedback!

7:30pm
GOLDEN BOY - SHEILA AND HUGHES POTIKER 
THEATRE
Clifford Odet's 1937 ensemble driven play about Chasing the 
American Dream arrives re-imagined in a boxing ring at the Sheila 
and Hughes Potiker Theatre this December.

8pm
ARTPOWER! PRESENTS: AURELIO - PRICE CENTER 
EAST BALLROOM
One of the most extraordinary and passionate Garifuna artists of his 
time, Aurelio follows in the footsteps of the legendary Parranderos 
of the Caribbean coast of Central America to become the new voice 
of Parranda music. A breezy, percussive mix of Caribbean, Central 
American, and West African elements, the Garifuna music beautifully 
fuses these distinct cultures. With his talent, vision, charisma, and 
searing voice, Aurelio is acclaimed for both his preservation and 
modernization of vibrant musical heritage.

SUN12.07
10am
VOLUNTEER/LEARN ABOUT GARDENING - ROGER’S 
COMMUNITY GARDEN
Come volunteer or learn about how food is grown and what it takes 
for food to reach the table. We are located behind the Che Cafe in 
Revelle College past stonehenge. 

FRI12.05
11am
FITNESS ZONE: BODYWEIGHT BOOTCAMP 
- THE ZONE
A quick circuit training class utilizing your best 
training tool, your own body weight! This class is 
packed with weight training techniques and cardio 
intervals used by MMA trainers, P90X, and Insanity. 
Get your ultimate workout completed in 45 minutes 
or less! All levels welcome. Lead by FitLife 
instructors Stephanie Asiddao or Tim Macauley.

2pm
R&R SQUAD - THE ZONE
The R&R Squad is in! Come in and de-stress with a 
massage! Learn more about our well-being 
resources on campus while get a 5-10min 
low-intensity back, neck, and arm massage from 
one of our trained wellness peers!

8pm
STUDENT DISCOUNTS FOR PHILLIP 
PHILLIPS - RIMAC ARENA
Nederlander Concerts presents Phillip Phillips @ 
RIMAC Arena! Limited discounted tickets for UCSD 
students are available now at the UCSD Box Office!

11am
FITNESS ZONE: ZUMBA - THE ZONE
Experience the dance craze that's taking the fitness 
industry by storm! Zumba combines Latin rhythms 
and easy-to-follow dance moves to put the FUN 
back in your workout. Fast and slow rhythms are 
combined for an aerobic and toning workout that 
confers the benefits of interval training. Zumba 
Dance is a special Zumba class to prep you for 
SunGod! Lead by FitLife instructor Hector Fletes.

6pm
THE JAMES K. BINDER LECTURE: FRANCO 
BERARDI - FACULTY CLUB
Franco Berardi Bifo is a writer and a media-activist. 
In the '70s he was involved in the creation of the 
free radios network in Italy and Franco; in the '90s 
he has been involved in the European net culture. In 
the years 2002-2004 he has taken part in the 
Italian experience of Telestreet.

7pm
OUTREACH TRIVIA NIGHTS - HOME PLATE 
CAFÉ
FOOD, FACTS, FRIENDS, & FUN! Come to Home 
Plate Café to meet new people and test your 
knowledge of various trivia categories! Free entry to 
all UCSD students, teams of 4, and prizes for 
winning team! Make this a weekly event and turn 
up the competition! Happy hour prices on food and 
drinks for trivia participants! ALL STUDENTS 
WELCOME!

8pm
NIGHT PEOPLE - THE LOFT
An all-star line up performs compositions of Joe 
Garrison.

SAT12.06
2pm
GOLDEN BOY - SHEILA AND HUGHES POTIKER 
THEATRE
Clifford Odet's 1937 ensemble driven play about Chasing 
the American Dream arrives re-imagined in a boxing ring at 
the Sheila and Hughes Potiker Theatre this December.

2:30pm
DECEMBER NIGHTS BALBOA PARK BUS TRIP - 
BUS TRIP TO BALBOA PARK
Celebrate holidays around the world! Join us for a bus trip 
to Balboa Park for "December Nights," the nation's premier 
holiday festival! Enjoy a multicultural holiday experience 
with museums, food, live music, decorations, and 
entertainment! Tickets are $7.50 and include transportation 
to/from UCSD campus. Event open to all undergrad UCSD 
students!

7:30pm
GOLDEN BOY - SHEILA AND HUGHES POTIKER 
THEATRE
Clifford Odet's 1937 ensemble driven play about Chasing 
the American Dream arrives re-imagined in a boxing ring at 
the Sheila and Hughes Potiker Theatre this December.

THU12.04
1:30pm
THERAPY FLUFFIES - THE ZONE
Come de-stress and play with and pet therapy dogs at 
The Zone!

5pm
SAVING FACE: WESTERN IDEALS OF
BEAUTY - CROSS-CULTURAL CENTER, 
COMUNIDAD RM
What is beauty? Who gets to decide what beauty is? 
There are billboards posted all over the world depicting 
the same body type, features, and attributes. Join us as 
we discuss the oppression of people of color by 
examining whitening cream, "skin" colored underwear, 
eating disorders, and more. Light refreshments will be 
served!

8pm
MARSHALL: UNPLUGGED OPEN MIC NIGHT - 
OCEANVIEW TERRACE
Want to show UCSD your TALENT? Come perform at 
OVT's Open Mic NIght! Read poetry, sing, rap, play a 
guitar, piano or the spoons. Everyone is welcome to 
perform and watch. No sign ups necessary. Just show 
up!



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  M O N D AY,  D E C E M B E R  1 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

 

 Apply now for 2015 and learn more about each program at usfca.edu/asgrad. 

 

 

GRADUATE PROGRAMS AT

UNIVERSITY OF 
SAN FRANCISCO

CHANGE THE WORLD FROM HERE

 

MASTER’S PROGRAMS AT USF
> Analytics 

> Asia Pacific Studies

> Biology 

> Biotechnology 

> Collegiate Athletics 

> Computer Science 

> Development Economics 

> Economics 

> Environmental Management 

> International Studies

> Public Aairs 

> Sport Management 

> Urban Aairs 

> Writing, MFA

to.ucsd.edu

WEEK 9
CHECK US OUT! M-F: 10am-3pm
PC PLAZA!

W. Basketball
M. Basketball

M. Water Polo
W. Basketball
M. Basketball

  12/05
   12/05
   12/06      
   12/06 
   12/06

AT CSU Monterey Bay
AT CSU Monterey Bay
VS UCLA
AT CSU East Bay
AT CSU East Bay

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES

UCSD Heads to Final Four
MEN'S WATER  POLO

No. 6 Tritons defeat No. 9 Brown to earn ticket to NCAA Finals, at home next weekend.  
BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR // PHOTOS USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UCSD ATHLETICS

Senior utility Josh Stiling showed up to the pool as a one-man wrecking crew this past Saturday. 
Netting a whopping six goals of his own, 
the Western Water Polo Association 
Player of the Year powered the No. 6 
UCSD men’s water polo team past No. 9 
Brown University in the NCAA Cham-
pionships opening round play-in game 
with a 12–7 score. With the home win, 
the Tritons now advance to the Final 
Four of the 2014 National Collegiate 
Water Polo Championship, which will 
also be hosted at home at Canyonview 
Aquatics Center. 

“I’m really stoked,” Stiling told the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “This is a 
great group to be playing with, and I’m 
just excited to be able to share this final 
season with some of my best friends in 
the Final Four. I’m excited to play.”

The first half of Saturday evening’s 
battle was a tightly contested affair. 
Stiling and senior utility Lukas Syka 

opened up the match with a goal each 
to give UCSD an early 2–0 advantage. 
The Brown Bears battled back to keep 
the game tight, as the first quarter closed 
with a 4–3 Triton lead. 

In the second period, both squads 
tallied three goals apiece. Syka netted 
his second of the night, while Stiling 
completed an early hat trick with two 
straight goals. Brown kept in stride with 
the blue and gold to enter halftime trail-
ing UCSD 7–6. 

Despite the back-and-forth open-
ing half, Stiling extended his stat sheet 
in the third frame to help the Tritons 
decisively pull away. The Tritons tallied 
four goals while holding the Bears 
scoreless throughout the quarter. Stil-
ing netted three of the four, while the 
fourth goal came from junior utility 
Chase Cockerill. 

“[Brown] started getting it going, 
getting comfortable with their offense,” 
Stiling said. “We decided [in the second 

half] we’ve been training too hard, we’re 
not going to go out like this, so we really 
amped it up and put away our shots. 

With the dominant period, UCSD 
built up an 11–6 score going into the 
final frame. Senior two-meter player 
Matt Michalko scored the Tritons’ lone 
goal in the fourth quarter, while the 
Bears narrowly prevented senior goal-
keeper Cameron Ravanbach’s second 
half shutout with a goal in the final 
seconds of play. 

Ravanbach earned the victory with 
11 total saves. Stiling’s impressive six 
scores composed half of UCSD’s entire 
goal total, while Syka and Michalko each 
finished with a pair of goals. 

“No question, he’s really good,” 
UCSD head coach Denny Harper said. 
“He is a really, really good water polo 
player. I think he’s exhausted. I took 
him out a little bit but not much. He’s a 
phenomenal shooter, and he said, ‘Give 
me the ball, and I’m putting it away.’ He 

was awesome.” 
With the win, the fourth-seeded 

Tritons will next host first-seeded No. 
2 UCLA in the national championship 
semifinals on Saturday, Dec. 6 at 1 p.m. 
at Canyonview Pool.  Third-seeded No. 
4 University of Southern California 
will play second-seeded No. 1 Stanford 
University at 3:10 p.m. The winners of 
both matches will battle for the national 
crown the following day at 3 p.m. 

“No one really wanted to talk about 
it but [reaching the Final Four is] not an 
easy thing to do,” Harper said. “I’m just 
so elated for the guys that this dream of 
theirs — and for those in the athletics 
department — it’s come true. Obvi-
ously the competition is amazingly stiff, 
but the two games we have left in the 
NCAAs are a couple of cherries on a 
pretty nice sundae of a season.” 

readers can contact
Brandon  Yu    Bcyu@ucsd.edu 


