
VOLUME 48, ISSUE 18  THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

PHILLIP PHILLIPS 
TALKS TOUR

Leading up to his Dec. 5 
performance at RIMAC, 

musical artist Phillip Phillips 
discusses his U.S. and world 
tours, success on American 

Idol and personal take on his 
songwriting process 

THE  FINAL  FOUR

Sports,  Page  12

THURSDAY
H 66 L 55

FRIDAY
H 67 L 56

SATURDAY
H 68 L 56

FORECAST

VERBATIM

INSIDE
Average Cat .................... 2
Film Review .................... 7
Restaurant Review .......... 8
Sudoku ......................... 10
Basketball Preview ....... 11

Weekend,  PAGE  6

P
H

O
TO

 F
R

O
M

 U
N

IV
E

R
S

A
L 

M
U

S
IC

SUNDAY
H 70 L 55

PHOTO BY KYLE SZETO/GUARDIAN FILE

KILLING OUR VIBE: After last week’s announcement of the proposed changes to the annual Sun God Festival, performers like 
2013’s headliner Kendrick Lamar, pictured above may be disallowed from performing over concerns related to advocacy of binge 
drinking and drug abuse. The UCSD Guardian dissects the tentative changes to SGF 2015 OPINION, Page 4

San Diego State University Greek 
community leaders announced that 
they are indefinitely suspending 
all social activities held by campus 
fraternities and sororities on Nov. 
25. After a weekend of incidents 
that raised concerns about sexual 
assault and campus safety, members 
of SDSU’s Greek life will now be 
required to undergo sexual-assault 
prevention training.

According to UT San Diego, on 
Nov. 21, fraternity members inter-
rupted a “Take Back the Night” 
march by yelling obscenities, wav-
ing sex toys and hurling eggs at 
the marchers. The next day, a 
woman reported that she was sexu-
ally assaulted at a party near cam-
pus. Later that night, a 19-year-old 
woman also reported that six men 
tried to pull her into their car near 
campus, although she was able to 
escape.

SDSU police officers are current-
ly investigating the reported campus 
assaults while college administrators 
are looking into the treatment of the 
“Take Back the Night” marchers as 
potential code of conduct and stu-
dent-organization policy violations.

The march’s organizers, a group 
called Concerned Students of SDSU, 
urged the university to suspend all 
fraternities until they can be made 
safe on the Monday after the march 
and asked SDSU to expand its Sexual 
Assault Task Force to include a more 
diverse group of students. The group 
also accused the campus authorities 
of having greater interests in pro-
tecting the school’s reputation than 
its students.

“SDSU administration rou-
tinely expresses concern about 
sexual assaults, but the reality of 
campus life shows its efforts have 
thus far been woefully ineffective,” 
Concerned Students said in a state-
ment. “We demand bold action 
from the administration to combat 
SDSU’s campus rape culture.”

SDSU’s A.S. University Council 
President Jonathan Cole and lead-
ers of its Interfraternity Council, 
the Panhellenic Council, the United 
Sorority and Fraternity Council and 
the National Pan-Hellenic Council 
consulted with university admin-
istrators and the campus Sexual 
Assault Task Force to figure out how 
to address the issue. 

In a joint statement, the groups 
pledged to educate Greek communi-
ty members about sexual assault pre-
vention and how to respond when 
witnessing dangerous behavior. 

SDSU President Elliot Hirshman 
praised the move as a step in the 

SDSU Puts All 
Greek Activities 
on Indefinite 
Hiatus

SAN   DIEGO

All social activites are 
suspended at San Diego State 
University after sexual assault 
and safety concerns arise.

BY  jacky  to
Staff Writer

See SDSU, page 2

UCSD Hosts World AIDS Day 
Commemoration on Campus

UCSD hosted a variety of events throughout campus 
in honor of World AIDS Day on Dec. 1. The activities 
were meant to emphasize and raise awareness of the 
impact that HIV and AIDS have had on the San Diego 
community, the nation and the world.  

Events commenced at 9 a.m. and concluded at 9 
p.m., opening in the Price Center Ballroom East with 
the display of three sections of the AIDS Memorial 
Quilt, a part of the NAMES Project Foundation that 
commemorates the lives of those who have been affected 
by AIDS. The sections of the quilt on display were ones 
contributed by San Diego organizations and individuals 
in response to the AIDS crisis, both in its early stages 
and in more recent years. 

The quilt was also accompanied by photography that 
showcased the impact of AIDS on San Diegans currently 
living with the disease. 

At 11:30 a.m., Eric Geiger, a professor of the theatre 

and dance department, performed his solo dance piece 
“I’M WITH YOU and something is happening” outside 
of the Triton steps in Town Center. 

From 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., Library Walk hosted the 
HIV/AIDS Resource and Information Fair, put on by 
UCSD’s Student Health Advocates. Members of the 
Student Health Advocates set up booths on Library walk 
where they handed out information, answered questions 
about the disease and provided tips on safe sex. 

The Student Health Advocates, with the help of 
Student Health Services Health Education, arranged the 
first recognition of World AIDS Day at UCSD in the 
early 1990s. The student organization has been involved 
ever since.

Sexual Health Lead Coordinator and Thurgood 
Marshall College senior Jessica Dinh told the UCSD 
Guardian that the day’s events are important in spread-
ing awareness about the disease. 

See AIDS, page 3

  By   brynna  bolt    staff writer 

SU N  GOD  FESTIVAL

CAMPUS

SCI ENCE AN D TECH NOLOGY

Students Use New Technique to Classify Organisms
DNA barcoding allows researchers to distinguish millions of animals and insects.  

BY kriti  sari n
contributing writer

 

Several UCSD biology students 
have made innovative discoveries 
in the field of insect taxonomy by 
participating in distinctive, hands-
on research offered through the San 
Diego Biodiversity Project.

Rather than focusing on indoor, 
lab-based research, the project, which 
has been receiving funding from the 
National Science Foundation since 
2012, gives undergraduate students 
the opportunity to contribute to the 
scientific community by immersing 
them in the uplands of the Scripps 
Coastal Reserve.

Heather Henter, the academic 
coordinator of the UCSD Natural 
Reserve System, told the UCSD 
Guardian that the project enables 
students to incorporate research in 

their curriculum.
“The focus of the San Diego 

Biodiversity Project is to get under-
graduate students involved in original 
research as part of their coursework,” 
Henter said. “The scientific goal is to 
document biodiversity … [which] is 
really important because most biodi-
versity on the planet is still unknown.”

The project focuses on identifying 
and classifying different organisms 
based on their genetic codes through 
a relatively new scientific technique 
known as DNA barcoding. 

This method of genetic analysis 
examines a short section of DNA from 
a standardized region of an organism’s 
genome to distinguish its species from 
millions of others and, according to 
Henter, is significantly simpler than 
the older methods of analysis.

“Previously, species were identi-
fied by morphology, which required 

tremendous expertise, or by much 
more complicated genetics,” Henter 
said. “DNA barcoding has revolu-
tionized the study of biodiversity 
because it allows a nonexpert to dif-
ferentiate species.”

The data from the students’ 
research are submitted to the Barcode 
of Life Database, a taxonomic library 
that contains almost two million bar-
codes from over 160,000 species of 
animals, plants and fungi that have 
been discovered by scientists around 
the world.

Henter describes the project as 
an innovative chance for students 
to conduct scientific research that 
contributes to the global scientific 
community.

“Rather than performing some 
rote experiment that thousands of 

See BIODIVERSITY, page 2

It’s raining 
outside? 
Guess traf-
fic laws 
and com-
mon sense are no lon-
ger mandatory!”  ”

- The Guru
How-to-Guru

OPINION, PAGE 4

“

Triton water polo gears up 
for its matchup with the 

top-seeded UCLA Bruins in 
the NCAA Championship this 

Saturday, Dec. 6.



2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

AVERAGE CAT By Christina Carlson

DO YOU TWEET? WE DO!

@UCSDGuardian

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian is 
funded by advertising. Da fuq, BB Andru?!?!

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org
Fax: 858-534-7035

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Kyle Somers

Nilu Karimi

Taylor Sanderson

Siddharth Atre

Alwin Szeto

Joselynn Ordaz

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Lifestyle Editor

Photo Editor

Associate Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Shermin Alein, Lauren Koa, Zev Hurwitz

Copy Readers
Andrew Chao, Caroline Lee, Jennifer Grundman, Micaela 

Stone, Kriti Sarin

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Teiko Yakobson, Jonah Yonker

right direction.
“We must work as one communi-

ty to create the substantive changes 
necessary to end sexual violence on 
our campus,” Hirshman said in a 
statement. “The steps outlined today 
are the beginning of what must be 
a sustained effort to change atti-
tudes, culture and actions, and the 
university is committed to working 
with and supporting our Greek com-
munity as it pursues these essential 
efforts.”

Cole hopes to collaborate on this 
issue with Frat MANners, a campus 
program that seeks to educate fra-
ternity members to prevent sexual 
violence and abuse. Namely, Cole 
would like to enlist Frat MANners 
graduates to lead seminars on this 
subject, both on campus and in fra-
ternity houses.

Stephanie Waits, the health edu-
cator who is teaching this semester’s 
course, told UT San Diego that she 
thinks Frat MANners does make an 
impact, especially on an individual 
basis. However, she also noted that 
the course only allows a maximum 
of 35 students per semester.

Earlier this year, a state audit 
found that SDSU, as well as 
three other public universities in 
California, failed to adequately train 
faculty and staff in responding to 
reports of sexual violence and sexual 
harassment. The audit also found 
that these universities did not follow 
state law in distributing policies on 
how to handle such incidents.

SDSU Moves to 
Suspend Greek Life  
Activites on Campus
▶ GREEK, from page 1

Jacky  to    j6to@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

The San Diego County Board 
of Supervisors has approved fea-
tures of The Alzheimer’s Project, 
a county project that seeks to find 
a cure for Alzheimer’s disease and 
provide support for San Diego resi-
dents with the disease, on Tuesday. 
According to a Nov. 29 article in 
the San Diego Union-Tribune, 
researchers from UCSD, the Scripps 
Research Institute, the Sanford-
Burnham Medical Research 
Institute and the Salk Institute for 
Biological Studies are all involved 
in the project. Other contributors 
include San Diego county super-
visors, community members and 
Mayor Kevin Faulconer. 

Alzheimer’s is the third leading 
cause of death in San Diego county 
and costs it $75 million annually, 
according to a Dec. 2 KPBS arti-
cle. The project hopes to improve 
research by connecting physicians 
and patients to clinical trials, as 
well as improving services for 
families and caregivers affected by 
Alzheimer’s. 

Scripps Research Institute profes-

sor Jerold Chun, who is involved with 
The Alzheimer’s Project, spoke to 
the San Diego Union-Tribune about 
researchers’ efforts to produce some-
thing tangible from the project.

“Sanford-Burnham and Scripps 
have large screening centers located 
within their institutions that were 
part of a [National Institutes of 
Health] screening initiative,” Chun 
said in a Nov. 29 transcription of his 
interview with the San Diego Union-
Tribune. “That screening capability 
allows individual scientists to look 
for chemical tools or proof of con-
cept compounds that might lead to 
an actual medicine for, in this case, 
Alzheimer’s disease.”

The recommendations for the 
project include a fundraising cam-
paign called “Part the Clouds” and 
improving the “Take Me Home” pro-
gram, a program run by the sheriff ’s 
department that provides GPS devic-
es to patients of Alzheimer’s disease 
in case they become lost or wander. 

Chun explained to the San Diego 
Union-Tribune that many clinical 
trials are looking at toxic proteins 
and enzymes that might play a role 
in Alzheimer’s have failed.

“That tells you that these com-
panies have the resources, the man-

power, but what they don’t have is an 
understanding of the disease that’s 
therapeutically traceable,” Chun told 
the San Diego Union-Tribune.

He said that the money raised for 
research will be disbursed based on 
research grant proposals, which will 
be reviewed by a group of scientists.

According to philanthropist 
Darlene Shiley, who is participating 
in The Alzheimer’s Project and was 
also interviewed by the San Diego 
Union-Tribune, this project is dis-
tinct because it is so collaborative.

“Could I write out a check for 
$500,000?” Shiley said. “Probably, 
but what’s important is that I write a 
check for the first $100,000 and say 
I believe in this, I’m in, come join.”

According to the KPBS article, 
about 60,000 San Diego County res-
idents currently have Alzheimer’s 
disease, and by 2030, it is expect-
ed that 100,000 residents will. The 
project leaders have three months 
to create a plan for implement-
ing the recommendations that were 
approved by the county board of 
supervisors.

County Approves Large-Scale Alzheimer’s Project 
SAN  DIEGO   

BY  gabri ella  fleisch man
senior staff writer

gabriella  fleischman  gfleisch@ucsd.edu 

readers can contact

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER

@UCSDGUARDIAN



N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

“People don’t realize that AIDS is 
still so relevant and that people from 
our age group of 13 to 25 are still 
being diagnosed,” Dinh said. “A lot of 
people that stop by the event are really 
influenced by it.”

Free and confidential HIV screen-
ings were also offered from 11 a.m. to 
3 p.m. on Library Walk. 

At 3 p.m., Dr. Ankita Kadakia 
from the UC Health System’s Owen 
Clinic spoke in the Cross-Cultural 
Center about Truvada, a new med-
ication that combines two drugs 
that work within the T-cells of the 
immune system to block the HIV 
virus from spreading. 

When paired with safer sex prac-
tices, Truvada can also be taken as a 

pre-exposure prophylaxis, or PrEP, 
to help prevent HIV infection among 
high-risk individuals. 

The Owen Clinic, along with the 
Antiretroviral Research Center, is 
involved in ongoing studies that focus 
on the continued use of PrEP in cer-
tain populations, on getting newly 
diagnosed HIV/AIDS patients the 
care they need and on HIV medica-
tion adherence. 

A series of talks by a panel of 
youths living with HIV, located in 
the John Muir Room in Price Center, 
and the Global Forum Panel discuss-
ing HIV/AIDS in the world today, 
located in the Great Hall of Eleanor 
Roosevelt College, occurred at 7 p.m. 

At 8 p.m., UCSD’s co-ed a cap-
pella group The Beat closed the AIDS 
Memorial Quilt display. 

Further presentations took 
place throughout the day in each 
of UCSD’s Campus Community 
Centers regarding the intersection 
of HIV/AIDS with specific com-
munities.

“UC San Diego is committed to 
educating next generation leaders, 
conducting innovative research and 
providing advanced patient care 
that transforms lives,” Chancellor 
Pradeep Khosla said in a press state-
ment released on Dec. 1. “UC San 
Diego’s recognition of World AIDS 
Day enables us to raise awareness 
about this devastating disease and 
our efforts to prevent, treat and 
combat it.”

AIDS Day Commemoration Included Free HIV Testing on Campus

Brynna  bolt   bbolt@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

Kriti  sarin    ksarin@ucsd.edu 
readers can contact

other students have done over the 
years, these students are actively add-
ing to the sum of our knowledge of 
the world,” Henter said in a Nov. 20 
press release. “By assembling, analyz-
ing and publishing the DNA barcodes 
they find in the field, our students 
participate as full citizens in the com-
munity of scientists.” 

Students who are interested in 
the program can apply as interns 
or receive academic credit for their 
work by enrolling in one of the 
two San Diego Biodiversity Project 
courses currently offered at UCSD: 
Recombinant DNA Techniques, 
listed as BIMM 101, and Ecology 
Laboratory, listed as BIEB 121. After 

consulting faculty or enrolling, stu-
dents have the option to conduct 
independent research projects.

According to Henter, the suc-
cess of the project can be partially 
attributed to the positive attitude of 
its participants.

“It’s a rare opportunity for 
undergraduates, and we’re proud 
of the enthusiasm and the profes-
sionalism they bring to the project,” 
Henter said.

Henter discussed biodiversity as a 
pressing issue, explaining that over 70 
percent of arthropod species remain 
unknown, and the identification of 
these organisms would provide criti-
cal information for the conservation 
of rare species.

According to the project’s website, 

the state of California has more rare 
species than any other state in the 
country. Henter added that the city 
of San Diego is particularly rich in 
rare species.

“We are focusing on our local 
reserve, the Scripps Coastal Reserve,” 
Henter said. “San Diego is part of a 
‘biodiversity hotspot,’ a place with a 
large number of both endemic and 
endangered species, thus document-
ing [how] biodiversity is particularly 
important here.” 

The project’s outdoor barcoding 
laboratory is located less than a mile 
west of campus and is one of four 
natural reserves managed by UCSD. 

Students Can Apply for Internships with Classification Program

Looking for the 
New Business 

Column?
Now posted every Wednesday 
night, after the A.S. Council 

meeting, online.

▶ AIDS, from page 1

▶ BIODIVERSITY, from page 1

ucsdguardian.orgCHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE ONLINE



4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  O P I N I O N

Last week’s Sun God Task Force meeting put to rest rumors that another campus tradition would be cancelled: A tentative date has been set for 
Sun God Festival 2015. Unfortunately, the disap-
pointment cued in immediately after hearing about 
everything else.

We owe Associated Students Concerts and Events 
credit for their determination to work with administra-
tors to fight for our Sun God Festival; we know it’s been a 
bumpy ride, to say the least. But if the thought of a Sunday 
Sun God Festival starting at noon doesn’t leave students 
with immediate distaste, the proposed ideas of “fun, lively” 
afternoon events to discourage drinking or “chill” comedy 

show-type, cool-down entertainment will probably do it. 
What’s worse is that the provided, preliminary festival agenda 

also wrote that Sun God Festival 2015 will feature “music 
acts and [a] carnival without electronic dance music or major 

headliners that are associated with binge drinking and drug use,” 
leaving most uneasy about what kind of talent would actually make 

the cut to be at the festival. We also have no idea what future Sun God 
Festivals could actually end up being, despite all the work that has gone 

into maintaining our tradition. 
Improving alcohol and drug educational campaigns throughout 

the school year and leading up to the event are measures we stand be-
hind completely. We, too, have combed through the past festivals’ detox 

statistics time and time again, and it’s clear that events as large as the 
Sun God Festival need to be safe for everyone. However, with $550,000 

of our student fees on the line, it’s also imperative that this money does not 
go to waste. It’s concerning that these released, preliminary plans will eat at 

the festival’s budget while tearing the festival itself apart. If the Sun God Festival 
remains a UCSD tradition, its music festivals should maintain or even exceed at 
the talent caliber of years past. Otherwise, there may be little to no reason for us 
to continue fighting for it.

Student surveys have historically shown that students responded in favor of 
Top-40 artists at the Sun God Festival and campus events. If the new restriction 
against artists who may encourage drug or alcohol abuse is strictly followed, 
potential performers similar to Big Sean, Drake, Kendrick Lamar or Porter 
Robinson — all former Sun God Festival headliners — could immediately be 

OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORCHARU  M EHRAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
Survive A
Southern 
California
Winter 

In this part of California, we don’t really have seasons. We’re not saying that the rest 
of California has seasons, per se; 
we just have even less of them here 
in sunny San Diego. So when the 
much-needed rain hits hard, as it 
has the past few days, we understand 
that most San Diegans, native or 
not, are ill-equipped to deal with the 
unfamiliar weather conditions. To 
that end, we have written you all a 
handy guide to dealing with winter 
“weather,” and doing a fantastic job 
at it. 

First, check your wardrobe. 
The best clothes for dealing with 
winter conditions here are lots of 
crop tops, cutoff denim shorts and 
sweaters with lots of holes in the 
knitting. Being cold enough in 65 
degree weather to not be able to 
feel your extremities is an art which 
takes practice and many props. Do 
not fret if you don’t own enough 
of these items; the local Forever 21 
always has them in plentiful supply. 
Also make sure to double-check 
your shoe collection. Multiple pairs 
of flip-flops, jelly ballet flats, boat 
shoes with air holes and stilettos are 
absolutely imperative if you want 
your socks to be properly soaked. 

Next, neglect to remember 
any maintenance deadlines on 
your car, if you own one. This 
category of rules includes, but 
is not limited to: not replacing 
worn-down windshield wipers, not 
checking tires for wear and tear, 
ignoring any and all scary squealing 
sounds coming from your brakes 
and refusing to acknowledge the 
blatantly flashing “check engine” 
light on your dashboard. You 
get extra points if you buy very 
expensive snow chains to help you 
drive on the long commute from 
Villa La Jolla up to Gilman Drive 
(It’s an elevation change. It requires 
chains). 

Also keep an extra-long list 
running of creative quips about 
weather that dips any fraction of a 
degree below 65. Some examples 
include: “My feet are about to fall 
off,” “I don’t know if I should wear 
my quarter-zip sweatshirt or carry 
it in my bag,” “I can’t text my mom 
to tell her it’s cold with my gloves 
on,” “I’m going to get frostbite 
from this wind chill,” “I wonder if 
Black’s Beach will freeze over so 
that we can go naked ice skating” 
and our current favorite “It’s 
raining outside? Guess traffic laws 
and common sense are no longer 
mandatory!” 

Finally, if you’re flying home for 
the holidays, be aware that the most 
weather-affected flight route on the 
West Coast is from San Diego to 
the San Francisco Bay Area, with 
an average of almost three flights a 
decade being delayed or cancelled 
due to snow. Don’t forget to take 
this into account and arrive at the 
airport at least four hours early to 
join the hordes of travellers camped 
out in the domestic terminal. 

Follow these guidelines to the 
dot, and we assure you, you’ll have a 
stellar, successful San Diego winter. 
Happy holidays, and don’t forget to 
refer back to our exam preparation 
How-To while studying for finals!

How-to
Guru
opinion@ucsdguardian.org

The Sun God Task Force should 
not waste stidemt fees on lackluster 

replacement activities.

Sunday 
Sun God

Task Force Should Properly Investigate Be-
fore Re-hiring Staff  Pro for Campus Events

The proposed changes to Sun God Festival 2015 have struck a chord with students, perhaps pushing a 
campus already frustrated by tuition hikes 
and the closure of student spaces too far.

One of the more troubling Task Force 
ideas was the proposal to hire Staff Pro 
again, the security firm that last year, not 
only allowed drugs and alcohol to make their 
way into dorms, but had staff members also 
partaking in these substances to the point of 
harassing students.

Some of the Staff Pro security detail 
was seen smoking pot with students before 
allowing them entry to residences, which 
might not be a big to-do if they weren’t 
hired exactly to keep things like that from 
happening. Guards reportedly also made 
unwelcome comments to female students, 
creating a borderline hostile atmosphere 
contrary to the new culture that the Task 
Force is trying to establish.

Even if we dismiss each of these 
claims as hearsay, basic research into the 
company uncovers dissatisfied event-goers, 
some complaining that Staff Pro guards 
intimidated a nursing mother at another 
event. This shows, at the very least, a culture 
of poor choices amongst the guards and 
certainly raises concerns about their ability to 
exercise good judgment when dealing with 
Sun God attendees. We understand that there 

are probably lots of quality employees at the 
company, but we sure didn’t see any where it 
counted.

In a recent meeting, our reporter was 
told that the best security teams were 
placed at the festival, while the worst 
(according to either the Task Force or 
the company) were stationed at housing. 
It seems to completely defeat the point 
of locking down student housing and 
limiting foot traffic if the teams assigned 
to dorms don’t care about the job they’re 
doing and even perpetuate the behavior 
they were hired to prevent. 

It’s arguable that the increased security 
measures around dorms actually stopped 
anybody from bringing in illicit substances 
or guests if they were really determined to 
do so. In fact, it’s plausible that the extra 
security makes students more afraid to ask 
for help if they do need it. But if we have to 
have these roadblocks up, we urge Associated 
Students Concerts and Events and the Task 
Force to vet other security companies more 
carefully and reconsider perhaps how teams 
are stationed. 

While we understand that the security 
of students is an ever-present issue, we 
won’t see real change while the solution 
is to paper over the problems with 
unqualified, overworked people dressed in 
official-looking uniforms.

See FESTIVAL, page 5

EDITORIALS

ILLUSTRATION BY ANNIE LIU

Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Rachel Huang
MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
MANAGING EDITOR

Charu Mehra
OPINION EDITOR

Meryl Press
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Tina Butoiu
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

 
Aleksandra 

Konstantinovic
MULTIMEDIA EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice weekly at the University of California 
at San Diego. Contents © 2014. Views expressed herein represent the majority 

vote of the editorial board and are not necessarily those of the UC Board of 
Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the Guardian staff. 

ILLUSTRATION BY JEFRREY LAU



O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

dismissed as options.
Though noted as one of the most 

major changes, moving the event to 
a Sunday also strikes us as bizarre. 
A date change won’t kill the vibe of 
students determined to party and 
pregame before the festival, and 
though a Sunday Sun God Festi-
val eliminates direct conflict with 
classes, realistically, the students who 
would skip Friday lecture to drink 
will likely be the same students who 
skip Monday lecture in order to let 
their hangovers subside. A Sunday 
festival could create adverse effects 
of a weekend full of parties leading 
up to the festival, which would be 
counterintuitive to all of the task 
force’s efforts.

At the meeting, the task force of-
fered film screenings or comedy shows 
as nighttime or preshow activities, but 
these seem completely random at a 
music festival and unappealing to the 
large majority of students who attend 
the event for the music. Attempting to 
discourage alcohol and drug abuse by 
funneling money toward said Sunday 

“afternoon events” will likely prove to 
be an unsuccessful waste of money if 
administration and coordinators can’t 
attract enough students to actually go 
to them. We can only imagine it to 
be a daunting, near impossible task 
to creatively come up with exciting 
events that college students would find 
more appealing than getting ham-
mered elsewhere. 

Each additional “preshow” or 
“cool-down” activity will also have 
its corresponding costs, which in 
turn will eat away more of this year’s 
smaller, $550,000 budget. The task 
force’s final report for Sun God Fes-
tival 2014 stated that over $180,000 
of last year’s $869,514 budget went 
directly to staffing security, while 
approximately $32,000 went into 
securing and fencing off North Cam-
pus. Delving into the topic of festival 
security and its costs for further 
increasing and improving personnel 
would require a whole other edito-
rial — direct your eyes a few inches 
below to read that one — but it 
becomes much easier to understand 
student concerns with the event’s 
budget shrinking by the minute.

Nobody wants to see the Sun 
God Festival go, but if watering 
down what once was an amazing 
campus tradition is the only way 
administrators will allow us to keep 
it, perhaps ASCE should look to 
fund a series of concerts instead. 
Several smaller scale music events 
could immediately cut the thou-
sands of dollars of security costs 
needed for an event as massive as 
the Sun God Festival, would likely 
not require closing North Campus 
and could allow more budget to be 
used toward booking more artists 
that students want to see. 

If the Sun God Festival can no 
longer be what the students want 
it to be, it shouldn’t take up such 
a significant amount of the A.S. 
Council’s budget. There’s no point 
in exhausting our student fees to 
put forward an event that merely 
leaves us with only remnants of 
what the Sun God Festival used to 
be. With more than half of a million 
dollars at stake, now is the time for 
students to be active in the discus-
sion that decides where and toward 
what our fees go to.

TACO SHOP

www.eataburrito.com

858-456-0462

FREE
TACOS
ROLLED

Buy any 4 Burritos
(Cali, La Jolla, Vegi, 
or Scripps) burritos. 
Get 15 Rolled Tacos 

with cheese!

No Cash Value • Must have 
coupon • Cannot combine 
coupons at the register • 

Expires 6/15/2015

FUNGLY By Kyle Trujillo

ASCE Should Consider a Smaller Concert Series to Replace Sun God
▶ FESTIVAL, from page 4

WE WANT TO
HEAR FROM YOU

BE HEARD
BY YOUR PEERS!

SEND YOUR 
LETTERS TO

OPINION@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

Like us on Facebook

facebook.com/ucsd-
guardian



A&E EDITOR // JACQUELINE KIM 
ENTERTAINMENT@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG
LIFESTYLE EDITOR // NILU KARIMI
LIFESTYLE@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGWEEKEND

ARTS   |   FOOD & DRINK   |   LIVING   |   FILM  &  TV   |   MUSIC   |   THINGS  TO  DO

On Dec. 1, I turned 20, thus entering a new decade that will most likely be filled with 
all kinds of adult stuff. Though I’ve 
legally been an adult for two years, 
this is the first time I’ve ever had to 
worry about adult things, like buy-
ing my own groceries, paying rent or 
working in an office setting. In addi-
tion to normal adult responsibilities, 
I’ve had the added bonus of learning 
how to deal with language barriers, 
adapting to cultural differences and 
trying to afford things that aren’t 
necessary but are still important to 
me, like travel and expanding my 
culinary horizons. Aside from tradi-
tional adult things, like paying rent 
that I would have had to learn how 
to do anyway, being abroad has really 
sped up the growing-up process. Since 
living abroad, I’ve become more open-
minded and realistic with how I want 
to spend my time, the type of people 
I want to spend it with and how I can 
manage it all. 

Something that I’ve had to adapt 
to since living in Italy has been all of 
the little, bureaucratic, cultural things, 
like the fact that stores just aren’t open 
during certain hours of the day and 
also randomly during the week. These 
are the things I never anticipated 
being a problem until I was without 
groceries one Sunday and could not 
go shopping because all the grocery 
stores were closed. Or walking around 
hungry from the hours of 3 to 6 p.m., 
looking for a restaurant and noticing 
that they all have signs that say chiuso 
(closed) and did not open until 7 or 
7:30 p.m. From this, I’ve learned to 
shop throughout the week and not 
to get phased by weird store hours 
because they are actually not weird, 
just Italian. 

Being abroad has been a huge 
motivator for learning how to be 
financially savvy. In order to be able 
to travel, I have to spend my money 
wisely and limit spending on inci-
dentals. I’ve started to look at the 
cost of things in terms of Ryanair 
flights. For example, a friend and I 
have an Eastern Europe trip planned 
for January, and since we found 
flights from Bologna to Budapest for 
20 euros, I always think to myself 
before a purchase, is it worth a flight? 
Wanting to travel has also been a huge 
factor in me finding a part-time baby-
sitting job so that I’m not withdraw-
ing money every other day for living 
expenses. 

Another aspect of growing up 
that I’ve learned since being abroad 
is the importance of spending time 
with genuine and like-minded people. 
Now that I have responsibilities and 
limited free time, it has become 
exceedingly evident that there are 
people in life that you just can’t spend 
your time worrying about. It sounds 
a bit harsh, but like life-advice guru, 
rapper extraordinaire Aubrey “Drake” 
Graham raps about, you have to have 
people around you who can “recip-
rocate your energy.” This means that 
you only need to be loyal to your real 
friends — the ones who’ve been there 
for you since day one. As per usual, 
Drake’s life advice is spot on, promot-
ing healthy and long-standing rela-
tionships for today’s youth. 

Above all else, your 20s are about 
learning how to achieve balance in 
your life. It’s something that I’m learn-
ing con calma, an expression meaning 
calmly or one step at a time.

Becoming 
a Twenty-
Something

 Shelby NewaLlis  snewalli@ucsd.edu
VINO AND VISAS

Idol Chatter
WRITTEN BY KARLY NISSON

STAFF WRITER

American Idol-winning singer-songwriter Phillip Phillips discusses 
platinum-selling albums, touring and an evolving sound in anticipation 
of his performance at RIMAC this weekend

B ack in 2012, a Georgia native with the catchy mon-iker captivated American Idol judges and national audiences with soulful, raspy vocals. Naturally, the 
impressive amount of success Phillip Phillips attained 
following his Season 11 victory came as no surprise. 
Phillips’ 2012 debut album, “The World from the Side of 
the Moon,” topped the Billboard Rock Album chart with 
the delivery of an organic rock that his recently released 
sophomore album, “Behind the Light,” develops even 
further. Equipped with the rich sound of a full band, 
Phillips has embarked on a headlining North American 
tour set to stop at UCSD’s RIMAC Arena on Dec. 5. 
Between shows, Phillips spoke to the UCSD Guardian 
about his songwriting process, playing live and time 
spent on the road. 

Guardian: You’ve set off on quite an extensive tour, play-
ing in some pretty large venues. But before your success 
following American Idol, you played some very intimate 
shows with a small band. Are there times you miss play-
ing to smaller audiences or do you prefer the consistent 
excitement of playing larger shows?
 
Phillip Phillips: Yeah, I want to do a tour at some point 
where it’s just me, my friend that plays the cello and the 
guitar player — as a little trio — and just play smaller 
venues like that. But it’s also fun playing the big ones as 
well because it’s clearly different than breaking it down 
acoustically and playing with a full band. You get to have 
fun and you get all these different personalities music-
wise … I have an incredible band and it’s just an honor 
to play with them and share my music with them and 
have them share that with me as well.
  
G: You’re getting to stop off in a great deal of cities on 
this tour. Based on all the shows you’ve performed — 
before this tour and including it — is there any one place 
that’s stood out to you as a favorite place to play?
 
PP: My favorite place I think I’ve ever played was defi-
nitely in South America. I did a rundown there with 
John Mayer and it was just incredible, and the passion 
down there from the fans was awesome. We played two 
shows in Argentina and we played in Brazil — one in 
Sao Paulo and one in Rio … I thought I was going to 

be the opener. But when I started playing the songs, the 
crowds were singing every word to every song and it was 
just unbelievable!
 
G: What can you say has been your greatest accomplish-
ment following your Idol victory?
 
PP: I had an album that went over platinum and for me, 
that was just unbelievable. I’m so proud of that. Just this 
new album — I’m so proud of it as well. It’s so real and 
organic and it’s not like what a lot of artists put out these 
days where it’s just a loop and a drum beat with a catchy 
hook in it. It’s actual musicians playing music, and it’s 
real and there’s no fakeness about it. It’s real music.

G: You’ve written or at least co-written every track on 
“Behind the Light.” As a songwriter, is there any particu-
lar creative process you go through when writing a song?
 
PP: When I’m writing a song by myself … it’s completely 
different than with something I co-write. It’s a little more 
personal. They’re all personal, but it’s always different. 
With some people, when you co-write it might be a little 
tougher for them to understand where you’re coming 
from or it might be tougher for you to understand where 
they’re coming from. You’ve got to learn to meet in the 
middle. It’s kind of like a blind date in a way, but it’s 
always different and it’s always interesting.

G: You manage to convey an upbeat rock feeling and 
maintain a personal quality in each song that — like you 
said — is something lost on a lot of music today. But in 
spite of such achievements, you’ve managed to maintain 
a pretty humble and down-to-earth outlook. Do you ever 
feel like fame is affecting you or that you have to step 
away from it for a while?
 
PP: I don’t know — I’ve always just been myself. I’m 
myself when I go home, and when I’m on the road and 
onstage and on TV or whatever. You always have to be 
yourself. What’s the point in living two separate lives? 
I mean, everybody does live two separate lives in a 
way. But as a person, just be yourself. If you have to be 
somebody else just to make people like you, that’s a little 
strange.

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM UNIVERSAL MUSIC 



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7
FILM   REVIEW

WILD

Few of us welcome the idea of being alone with nothing but our thoughts for days 
at a time. For one woman, this is 
what was needed to get past the 
scars left by years of drug abuse, 
sex addiction and familial tragedy. 
“Wild” is directed by Jean-Marc 
Vallee, who also directed last year’s 
Oscar-winning “Dallas Buyers 
Club,” an inspiring film about the 
early AIDS epidemic. Vallee, along 
with an excellent cast, was able to 
make the film entertaining and 
convincingly emotional. 

Based on the real-life memoir of 
the same name, “Wild” chronicles 

the adventures of Cheryl Strayed 
on a 1,000 mile solo hike across 
America over the course of several 
months. “Wild” is not an ambitious 
film, but its effectiveness lies in 
its simplicity: It is a small story 
proliferated with emotion. “Wild” 
is not a long episode of “Man vs. 
Wild”; instead, it is an emotionally 
charged journey toward self-
discovery. 

Although her filmography 
hasn’t been prolific in the last 
several years, this is perhaps Reese 
Witherspoon’s best role since 
winning the Academy Award for 
Best Actress for “Walk the Line.” 

Witherspoon convincingly 
portrays the transformation of a 
broken woman. Her performance 
is visceral and praiseworthy, 
especially when acting opposite 
Laura Dern, who plays Cheryl’s 
loving mother Bobbi. Dern’s 
portrayal makes it clear that 
beneath her happy smile, she 

is scarred by her marriage to an 
abusive husband and hopes for a 
better life. After years of raising two 
kids on her own, Bobbi goes back to 
college, despite the embarrassment 
of taking classes alongside her 
daughter. We can see the contrast 
between Cheryl’s cynicism and 
Bobbi’s desperate optimism.

Throughout the film, Cheryl 
meets hikers and has brief 
encounters with them, but within 
a short time Cheryl is back on her 
own. Most of the human encounters 
enrich the story, and each new 
character is unique and memorable 

in their own way; however, they are 
overplayed and detract from the 
seclusion that Cheryl is meant to 
feel, since she is never too far away 
from civilization.

Another problem with the film 
is that the natural challenges that 
Cheryl faces hardly present any real 
danger. Although it is clear that 
she is out of her depth, most of her 
obstacles are easily overcome. For 
example, after Cheryl discovers that 
her boots are too small, she learns 
that Recreational Equipment Inc. 
can send new boots to any lodge 
along the trail. The film is focused 
more on the obstacles Cheryl faced 
in the past as opposed to the ones 
she faces on the trail.

“Wild” is at its best when it 
leaves Cheryl alone with her 
thoughts and the wilderness around 
her. When there are no humans 
around for miles, we can feel 
Cheryl’s solitude. When Cheryl 

sits alone, appreciating the beauty 
of the sunset, we can feel her 
isolation. The film is proliferated 
with moments of natural beauty — 
not grandiose, sweeping shots but 
down-to-earth sights of something 
a hiker would actually see. “Wild” 
will inspire you to personally go out 
into the wild and experience these 
moments of seclusion among nature 
for yourself. 

Although bogged down by 
excessive human interaction and 
lacking suspense, the simple story 
of “Wild” is elevated by powerful 
acting and beautiful directing, 
resulting in the visceral wilderness 
adventure of a woman who never 
gave up, walking herself out of the 
darkness of her tragic past.

—     Naftali  Burakovsky
staff WRITER

Directed by Jean-Marc Vallee
Starring  Reese Witherspoon, Laura Dern, Thomas Sadoski 
Rated R
Release Date Dec. 5

Reese Witherspoon walks in search of a new begin-
ning in this moving, rugged wilderness adventure.

Potato  Chip 
Doesn't  Rock

We all have a handful of friends with Potato Chip Rock profile 
pics. Maybe you’re in one of those 
pictures, smiling with your hands 
in the air on top of that uncannily 
thin slab of stone. It always looks 
like the pinnacle of a fun, if tiring, 
day in the great outdoors just 
outside of Poway. But if you do 
have that picture, then you know 
that everything leading up to 
that moment was easily the most 
overrated hike in the San Diego 
area.

There are two ways up to Potato 
Chip Rock, and the more popular 
of the two is the Mt. Woodson trail 
up the front side of the mountain. 
For those not familiar with a 
typical weekend trek up the Mount 
Woodson trail, here’s a breakdown 

of the experience: You start with a 
brief struggle to find parking in the 
large lot at the trailhead. Following 
that, the beginning of the hike has 
a cute park with lawns and a large 
duck pond, but this quickly turns 
into dirt and shrubs after the first 
five minutes. From there on out, it’s 
a dusty seven-mile, out-and-back 
hike.

Sticking out like a sore thumb, 
there is a single, large oak tree 
halfway up the mountain, shading 
a large patch of the trail — almost 
literally the only source of shade on 
the hike. The pitch is fairly steep, 
so you’ll inevitably want to cool off 
and catch your breath under this 
tree, but it won’t be in the peace 
and solitude of nature as you might 
hope. You’ll take your break with 
a bunch of exhausted San Diegans, 

whiny kids begging to turn back 
and literally dozens of energy bar 
wrappers, food fragments and 
discarded water bottles lying among 
the rocks you will sit on. I even 
found one with the Sun God on it. 
Go Tritons!

If it’s a sunny weekend 
afternoon, you won’t have a minute 
to yourself up the trail. At nearly 
all times there will be loud families 
slowly ascending the path, sweaty 
couples in full gym attire edging 
past you the whole way up and the 
occasional guy blasting Linkin Park 
out of his tinny, portable speakers, 
as if every damn person on the trail 
wants to hear it. You can almost 
forget that you even left the city.

Once you finally reach the 
summit, you’ll probably see the line 
to get a photo on Potato Chip Rock 

before you see the actual rock. It 
was approximately 20 minutes long 
the day I went up. Those willing to 
wait in the heat will be rewarded 
with a neat shot. And maybe you 
were only in it for the profile 
picture all along and the hike was 
just a means to an end with, like, 
30 Facebook likes. Good for you. 
I hope your smile looks authentic 
and your pose makes you seem 
super fun and outdoorsy. However, 
those looking to fully experience 
the gorgeous landscapes and scenic 
hills and valleys of inland San 
Diego County can find scores of 
better opportunities elsewhere.

—    Kyle  somers
A&E Associate Editor

Location: Poway, California 
(30-minute drive east from 
campus)
Trail Difficulty: Steep, seven 
miles round-trip
Best Seasons: Fall, Winter and 
Spring
Time to complete: 3 to 6 
hours

Falling short of nearly 
all expectations, 
Potato Chip Rock is 
overcrowded, overrated 
and a waste of time for 
UCSD hikers

PHOTO COURTESTY OF WALLPAPER SERIES

PHOTO BY ANDREW HUANG/GUARDIAN FILE 

OUTDOORS 



8     T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  WEEKEND

DECEMBER 4, 2014 •  5 pm
at PC COMMUTER LOUNGE

DECEMBER 4, 2014 •  5 pm
at PC COMMUTER LOUNGE

Social
Power
Hour

Social
Power
Hour

F R E E  G AM
ES ,  M

US IC
,  AN

D  P
I ZZ

A !

F R E E  G AM
ES ,  M

US IC
,  AN

D  P
I ZZ

A !

F IRST  COME ,  F I RST  SERVEdF IRST  COME ,  F I RST  SERVEd

After silently warming up at the Balboa Ave. plaza for over several months, 85°C Bakery 
Cafe finally greeted us with its grand 
opening on Nov. 14. A successful bak-
ery chain from Taiwan, 85°C Bakery 
Cafe has developed over 700 branches 
around the world. Its customers 
appreciate the good-quality food and 
drinks and often become loyal regu-
lars after their first visit. With its good 
reputation already established, a long 
line accumulated outside the café’s 
doors and persisted throughout the 
whole day — it’s not an exaggera-
tion to say that a bakery mania has 
been brought to San Diego by this 
event. The store is bright and spa-
cious, offering seats on the side for 
customers to sit down and eat right 
after their purchase. 

The pastries cooked by the 
85°C Bakery Cafe kitchen hit the 
tastebuds of people who crave all 
kinds of flavors, all at affordable 
prices. They embrace diverse tastes 
from all over the world, such as 
the Japanese-style coffee bread, 
the European-style marble taro, 
the classic rum-raisin toast and 
the Taiwanese garlic cheese bread. 
Cakes like tiramisu, creme brulee 
and mousses are aligned neatly in 

the glass counters, waiting to amaze 
you with their fresh ingredients and 
spot-on recipes. But don’t be over-
whelmed by all the choices around 
you — there’s a curvy trail that 
breaks the way from the entrance 
to the cashier where you get all the 
time you need to hold a tray and 
fetch assorted baked items with 
a clamp in hand, as exciting as a 
carnival. 

Besides the refined bakery items, 
which consist of toasts, cheesecakes, 
tarts, mousses, birthday cakes and 
more, the bakery offers sublime 
sea-salt flavored drinks that apply 
the technique of combining sweet-
ness and lightness with saltiness. The 
iced sea-salt mountain tea (medium 
$2.50, large $3) is a signature item. It 
incorporates the authentic and tra-
ditional Taiwanese flavor of tea, the 
not-over-the-top sweetness and the 
light saltiness all in a nicely wrapped 
paper cylinder. Giving it a full shake 
will help the light cream beneath the 
lid mix into the tea, which takes away 
the bitterness. The same goes for 
their iced sea-salt coffee (medium $3, 
large $3.50), which applies a similar 
technique. It is a sweetened, iced 
Americano with sea-salt whipped 
cream on top — don’t forget to shake 

it well before you drink! Besides 
these salty-sweet drinks, they also sell 
regular coffees and teas such as cap-
puccinos, lattes, mochas, black and 
green teas, milk teas, etc. Seeing as 
how other vendors are still giving 
their customers sugar comas, it is a 
delight to notice how 85°C presents 
products with balanced flavors that 
are less sweet or greasy. A tip before 
jumping in line: If you are only 
there for drinks, there is a separate 
counter to order drinks only, which 
has a much shorter wait; if you want 
to get both pastries and drinks, put 
in your drink order while you are 
paying for the pastries. 

Most customers leave 85°C 
Bakery Cafe with a large paper box 
in their arms that holds all of their 
bakery items nicely and securely. 
Whether you are someone who just 
needs some bun to quench your 
hunger or a foodie who desires 
high-quality pastries, the cafe is 
worth trying. Before the whole box 
of pastries is gone, satisfied custom-
ers will find themselves here again, 
filling a new box with delicious 
selections to kick-start a new week.

—   Yulin Liu
 staff WRITEr

Tasty, affordable bakery chain arrives in San Diego
Fresh Out of the Oven

HOURS:
Mon. to Sat.: 7 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Sun.: 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.

LOCATION:
5575 Balboa Ave.
San Diego, CA 92109

85°C BAKERY CAFE

$

PHOTOS BY YULIN LIU/ GUARDIAN FILE



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

ASCE.UCSD.EDU
For more information, contact ASCE at

avpconcerts@ucsd.edu or (858) 534-0477

Waiting  for  a  sign
by  githead

ALBUM  REVIEW

Release Date Dec. 8

London rock group proves its potential after a five-year break.

Take all your preconceived ideas of one-night stands and throw them in the 
trash. Githead may have started 
as a one-night collaboration at an 
anniversary event for its record 
company, Swim. However, this one-
night stand grew to be a committed 
relationship between four diverse 
musicians whose unique talents 
combined to form the London-
based rock group Githead. Their 
new album, “Waiting for a Sign,” 
is sure to satisfy their fans, though 
the monotony of some songs might 
drive away newcomers. 

This isn’t to say that the album 
is lacking in its highlights or that 
the repetitiveness of the beats is 
unbearable. In fact, the moto-
rik repetition found in the songs 
“For the Place We’re In” and “Not 
Coming Down” are quite catchy. 
Both songs stay true to the band’s 
rock roots with the strong use of 
bass and rattling riffs. The single 
“Bringing the Sea to the City” is 
also impressive with its soothing 
lyrics, echoing vocals and catchy 
beat. It stands out from the other 
songs on the album because of its 
keyboard use and overall optimistic 
tone, making it a good choice for 
their lead single. 

Swim claims that for this album, 
Githead arrived at the studio with-
out any ideas or written work in 
hopes of the music coming natu-
rally. This plan luckily functions 
as an advantage for Githead. The 

majority of its songs flow with 
authenticity, proving that they 
have, in fact, evolved since their 
previous album “Landing,” released 
in 2009. Githead replaced its dull 
and mushy sound with a more 
prominent use of the electric gui-
tar, memorable bass and pulsating 
drums that illustrates a newfound 
confidence. 

However, a few songs do not use 
repetition as wisely as the others. 
“To Somewhere” lacks depth and 
doesn’t have any source of excite-
ment, as the listener is left antici-
pating an impressive guitar solo or 
instrumental break that sadly never 
comes. The final track “Waiting for 
a Sign” implements strong drums 
and funky basslines but once again 

leaves the listener a bit disappoint-
ed due to its incomprehensible lyr-
ics and monotonous beat. 

“Waiting for a Sign” has trans-
formed Githead’s sound to be more 
energetic and diverse than previ-
ous albums with its signature bass 
lines and catchy rhythms. Despite 
a couple tracks that drone on, this 
album has proven that Githead has 
potential for popularity. The only 
thing it’s missing is a sign from the 
public, maybe in the form of a song 
being played on the radio or one 
hitting the top 40. Based on the 
album title, they’re waiting for it.

—   ana  magallanes  
Contributing writer

Bastille 

CONCERT  REVIEW

Location The Fox, Pomona 
Concert Date Nov. 21
Opening Acts Grizfolk, Ella Eyre

British pop band Bastille finishes its U.S. tour strong in Pomona. 
After the last of the crowd filled in, 

the opening notes of John William’s 
“Jurassic Park Theme” confused the 
audience more than anything else. 
The soaring theme ushered the first 
opening act, Grizfolk, onto the stage. 
With a similar vocal style to Bastille, 
Grizfolk is a relatively new alternative 
rock band with a bright future proved 
by its popular song “Vagabonds.”

Moving away from alternative, 
Ella Eyre, a British singer-songwriter 
with a huge head of curly hair to 
match her immense vocal range, fol-
lowed. Soulful and reminiscent of 
Adele, Eyre performed some of her 
songs from her 2013 EP, “Deeper.” 
Although she belted through a vocally 
impressive performance, the audience 
was anxious for another British band 
to take the stage. 

Finally, with the audience itching 
for the main act, Bastille entered the 
stage, opening with “Things We Lost 
in the Fire.” That’s when you knew 
you would lose your voice by the end. 
On stage, they were joined by a large 
triangular screen that played various 
clips that loosely corresponded to 
their set list and occasional videos of 
the audience or band members. 

Frontman Dan Smith brought the 
show together and shined through 
complex harmony lines and thought-
ful lyrics. In addition to singing, 
Smith often took a drumstick and 
knocked out the rhyme on floor 
toms. This was partially to give Smith 
something to do because of his com-
pletely horrendous dance moves. 
Endearingly, he apologized profusely 

before performing “Of the Night,” a 
mashup of two popular 1990s dance 
songs. He also pleaded with the audi-
ence to dance with him during the 
song. Of course, the audience obliged. 
Despite his questionable jerking that 
could be called dancing, he came 
across as humble and thankful.

The band also performed “Blame” 
from an unnamed, upcoming album. 
With its moody guitar melody, it 
shows a move to more mature and 
diverse style. The trademark Bastille 
style was also broken up with slower 
ballads such as “Oblivion” which cap-
tured the true emotional range and 
expressiveness better than any record-
ed version. Eyre rejoined Bastille for 
the peppy “Angels,” their almost iden-
tical version of “No Scrubs” by TLC. 

Throughout the concert, Bastille 
abandoned any reserved tones from 
the album “Bad Blood” for a genuine 
and expressive performance. The four 
left the stage conspicuously lacking 
their popular anthem, but not to dis-
appoint, they returned and finished 
strong for the encore. Even if you’ve 
heard it a hundred times on the radio, 
“Pompeii” is something different live 
with 2,000 other people on their feet 
chanting the lyrics. The rhythms are 
more captivating, the melodies are 
more catchy and the enthusiasm is 
contagious. It was the kind of per-
formance that left you singing in the 
car ride way home, in the shower and 
long after the music faded. 

—   allison  kubo
Contributing writer

PHOTO USED WITH PERMISSION FROM BIG HASSLE MEDIA



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
AUTO

2006 Ford F 150 White - This truck is super 
clean inside and out and it has ice cold air 
and near new tires!!! It has been dealer 
serviced and it will sell fast!!!!  Listing ID: 
96660397 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

2005 Honda Civic Ex - This is a very well-
maintained vehicle with only 96K miles!  
Listing ID: 96660395 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

1969 Plymouth Roadrunner - Newer dual 
exhaust, power brakes, power steering, A/C, 
bucket seats, console, original factory AM 
radio, additional modern stereo under the 
dash. Listing ID: 96586299 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

FURNITURE
IKEA TV/Entertainment Stand - Less than 
4 yrs old. Amble shelving, DVD storage, 
and a small drawer. Can fit a 40”width and 
25” Height television no problem. Terrific 
condition with minor wear. Listing ID: 
96660415 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

Brown Leather Recliner - Extremely com-
fortable and super plush chocolate brown 
leather recliner with no signs of wear and 
tear. Extra cushion. I bought new at Costco 

for $699 3 years ago. I’m practically giving it 
away. Listing ID: 96660411 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Nice table and chairs - The chairs have 
carving and have nice cloth tie downs that 
can be removed. The table is 30 in. tall x38 
wide.x 54 long. The chairs are 18ins to the 
seat and are 18x18, total height is 46 ins. 
Attractive condition. Can be sold sepa-
rately. Each chair $20 and the table $35. 
Listing ID: 96586302 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

ELECTRONICS
7 Inch widescreen portable DVD player for 
car, plane, camping - With a convenient 
on-screen display menu, multiple viewing 
angles, subtitles, multiple viewing speeds 
zoom functions and a private headphone 
jack, the V-Zon could be your traveling 
companion for a long time to come. Enjoy 
your DVDs anytime, anywhere, with this 
unit! Listing ID: 96529581 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

Sony Playstation 4 like new PS4 - I have a 
literally like new PS4 for sale. It is a black 
PS4 with a controller and all of the other 
necessary wires needed and original box. 
It still has a manufacture warranty on. I 
am asking $350 for it. Listing ID: 96529580 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Samsung 40” 1080p LCD HDTV - Samsung 
LN40B530 40-inch high definition 
TELEVISION with 1080p resolution, excel-
lent picture. Like new. Can be wall mounted. 
Comes with remote and stand. Asking $400 
obo. Listing ID: 96529575 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

ADS
You've got 'em,
we want them.

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

SUDOKU

what do
 you
need?

let us
help.

price center east, level 3

asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu 858.246.0972



S P O R T S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

Registration for FALL Qtr is NOW open!

Register online at 
as.ucsd.edu/saferides
A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get 3 FREE rides per quarter.
Students must register at least 24 hours
prior to their first ride. 

A.S. Safe Rides 

asucsd asucsd

With the regular season well un-
der way, the UCSD men’s basketball 
team will travel to Northern Califor-
nia this weekend to play in back-to-
back California Collegiate Athletic 
Association matchups against Cal 
State Monterey Bay and Cal State 
East Bay. The games will also be 
CCAA openers for both opposing 
home teams. 

The Tritons first take their 3–1 re-
cord (1–0 conference) to Monterey 
Bay on Friday, Dec. 5, where the Ot-
ters are 3–2 in non-conference play 
so far this season. Monterey Bay is 
predicted to finish in eighth at con-
ference this year, just one spot ahead 
of the Tritons. UCSD split its pair 
of regular season matchups against 
Monterey Bay last year, easily de-
feating them at home but losing to 
them as visitors. 

Junior forward Drew Dyer has 
been averaging a team-high of 14 
points and 4.3 rebounds so far and 
looks to continue his stellar play. 
With injured players returning to 
the lineup for the Otters, one should 
expect a close game between the two 
teams. However, it should come as 
no surprise to see the Tritons spoil 
Monterey’s conference home open-
er. UCSD has had a relatively hot 
start, already upsetting perennial 
CCAA frontrunner No. 19 Cal Poly 
Pomona in the blue and gold’s first 
in-league matchup less than two 
weeks prior. 

On Saturday, the Tritons will 
continue traveling north for a 
matchup against Cal State East Bay, 
who will come in to the contest with 
a 22 non-conference record. East 

Bay is predicted to finish second-
to-last in the conference. UCSD eas-
ily handled CSU East Bay last year, 
sweeping the Pioneers in their two 
regular season matchups by double-
digit point margins. 

Junior guard Hunter Walker 
looks to relive his performance from 
last year against the Pioneers when 
he broke loose with 23 points, five 
rebounds and a pair of steals and 
blocks. Walker has been averaging 
11.3 points, four rebounds and a 
team-high three assists in the young 
season while also leading the team 
in steals with six total. Although 
the game can end up being close, it 
should be an easy win for the Tri-
tons.

The Tritons have started off 
the season on the right foot over-
all. UCSD is averaging 11.5 three- 
pointers per game on .447 shooting 
from beyond the arc, while players 

are doing a good job finding the 
open man, averaging 14.3 assists as 
a team. The Tritons are all also do-
ing notably well crashing the glass, 
out-rebounding opponent teams by 
1.7 rebounds per game even though 
no player is averaging over 4.3 re-
bounds per game.

Before finally returning to La 
Jolla for their home opener against 
Cal Poly Pomona, who is looking for 
redemption after its upset loss, the 
Tritons have one more game on the 
road against California Baptist Uni-
versity. 

As for this weekend’s schedule, 
UCSD will battle against CSU Mon-
terey Bay at 7:30 p.m. on Friday, 
while tip-off for the following day’s 
game against East Bay will be at 7:30 
p.m. as well. 

MEN'S  BASKETBALL

Tritons to Play CCAA Foes on the Road
UCSD will hope to continue season’s strong start against Monterey Bay, East Bay.

BY  dan i el  su ng
associate sp0rts editor

readers can contact
daniel  sung   d2sung@ucsd.edu 

The UCSD women’s basketball 
will open up conference play this 
weekend, with road games against 
California Collegiate Athletic As-
sociation squads Cal State Monterey 
Bay and Cal State East Bay. These 
opponents have also yet to start 
CCAA play in the 2014–15 season. 

In a preseason poll of CCAA 
coaches, the Tritons received 81 
first-place votes to come in fourth 
place overall behind Cal State San 
Bernardino. Cal Poly Pomona and 
Cal State Dominguez Hills came in 
first and second place, respectively, 
while this weekend’s opponents, 
CSU East Bay and Monterey Bay, 
received seventh and tenth place 
rankings. UCSD placed fifth overall 
in the CCAA last year with a 13–9 
conference record. 

CCAA play will continue next 
week with a Dec. 12 match-up 
against first-place Cal Poly Pomona 
and will serve as an opportunity for 
the Tritons to upset the top-seeded 
team early on in this year’s cam-
paign. 

As for the coming conference 
openers, CSU Monterey Bay is 2–2 
overall in 2014 and the Tritons have 
enjoyed a one-sided 18–3 all-time 
record against the Otters. UCSD last 
faced them in March, winning 56–
48 in CCAA regular season action.  

CSU East Bay boasts a 4–1 record 
to date in 2014, while UCSD has 
bested the Pioneers in series history 
10–3. East Bay hosts Cal Poly Pomo-
na on Friday before facing the Tri-
tons to start their 2014 CCAA play.

The Tritons have a 2–3 record 
thus far in the regular season, but 

are coming off a win against Azusa 
Pacific University last weekend in 
the 2014 UCSD Thanksgiving Clas-
sic. The Tritons look to correct the 
course of the slow start this weekend 
as the more crucial stretch of games 
now begins with in-conference play.

Despite the subpar record, the 
Tritons have proven themselves to 
be a productive group thus far. Se-
nior guard Miranda Seto has been 
putting up career statistics in 2014 
by averaging 19.4 points over five 
games, good for third overall in 
the CCAA. Junior forward Far-
rah Shokoor has also averaged a 
double-double per game with just 
over 11 rebounds and points in each 
contest, earning her the top spot in 
the CCAA and 19th overall in the 
nation in rebounds. Senior forward 
McKennan Bertsch is also shooting 
an amazing 69.7 percent from the 
floor and averaging 10.2 points per 
game. All three are likely to start this 
weekend. 

Other probable starters include 
sophomore guard Haley Anderson, 
averaging 6.8 points per game, and 
senior guard Stephanie Yano — av-
eraging 3.6 points per game. Off the 
bench, freshman guard Taylor Tani-
ta is averaging 7.4 points per game, 
and senior center Dana Webster is 
putting up 8.4 points per game. 

UCSD is scheduled to meet Cal 
State Monterey Bay this Friday, Dec. 
5 at 5:30 p.m. in The Kelp Bed. Game 
seven against Cal State East Bay will 
take place the following night, Sat-
urday, Dec. 6, at Pioneer Stadium in 
Hayward at 5:30 p.m.

readers can contact
john  story    jstory@ucsd.edu 

WOMEN'S  BASKETBALL

Opening Conference Play
Tritons will play CCAA opponents CSUMB, CSUEB.

BY  Jo h n  Sto ry
associate sp0rts editor

PHOTO BY ALWIN SZETO/GUARDIAN FILE



SPORTS CONTACT THE EDITORBRAN DON  YUsports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  D E C E M B E R  4 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

W hen the Tritons discovered in the offseason that they would be hosting the 2014 National Collegiate Water Polo Championship this winter at Canyonview Pool, the prospects of making it there 
themselves must have seemed daunting.

The UCSD men’s water polo team had come off of a 14–14 season, 
ending its 2013 campaign in a bitter 6–5 loss against St. Francis University 
that barred it from entering the NCAA Finals. When this season rolled 
around, things looked even tougher, as the Tritons started off 3–6 after 
several losses against the nation’s top teams. Making it to the NCAA Final 
Four appeared an incredibly challenging task, especially for a Division-II 
group going up against the country’s best Division-I squads. Yet, fast-
forward a couple of months and here they are, the No. 6 blue and gold 
hosting the top three colleges in water polo to battle for the national 
crown.

The Tritons cruised to their 17th Western Water Polo Association 
conference title before defeating No. 9 Brown University 12–7 in last 
Saturday’s NCAAs play-in game. Next up, fourth-seeded UCSD will face 
top-seeded No. 2 UCLA in the semifinals of the national tournament this 
Saturday.

After an impressive season, the 16–9 overall Tritons have battled 
their way to compete in the Final Four tournament that they will host 
this coming weekend. UCSD is led by longstanding head coach Denny 
Harper, who recently earned his 600th win in his 34th season as the 
Tritons’ head water polo coach.

In the pool, a formidable senior class has paved the team’s way to 
nationals. After redshirting in the 2013 season, senior utility Josh Stiling 

— who leads the team with 67 goals and 44 steals and recently earned 
his second straight WWPA Player of the Year award — and senior utility 
Lukas Syka (31 goals, 20 steals) returned this year with stellar play. 
Senior utility David Higginson (28 goals, 25 assists, 35 steals) and senior 
two-meter Matt Michalko (30 goals, 26 steals), among others, have also 
proved crucial in this year’s run. Senior goalkeeper Cameron Ravanbach 
has served as a consistently steadfast presence in the cage with 290 saves, 
nine assists and 32 steals.

While the Tritons have been riding high on a four-game winning 
streak, the UCLA Bruins will be as tough an opponent as one can find 
in collegiate waters. The Bruins are 27–3 on the season, with their three 
losses coming in close outcomes only against No. 1 Stanford University, 
No. 3 University of Southern California and No. 4 California State 
University, Long Beach. While they have no singularly dominant player, 
they have the depth of an undoubtedly elite squad. Of their 21-man roster, 
19 players have tallied goals in the double-digits, and they have outscored 
their opponents by a near 3-to-1 margin on the season.

In their two meetings this season, the Bruins had little trouble 
handling UCSD in 13–5 and 17–5 blowout victories. If the Tritons are to 
prevent history from repeating itself, they will need to put up their best 
performance of the year on both ends of the pool.

UCSD’s semifinal match will take place at 1 p.m. on Saturday, Dec. 6, 
while the other semifinal match between second-seeded No. 1 Stanford 
and third-seeded No. 4 USC will follow at 3:10 p.m. The winners of both 
matches will meet for the championship game at 3:10 p.m. on Sunday, 
while the third-place game will occur earlier at 1 p.m.

NCAAs CHAMPIONSHIPS PREVIEW

Having made it to the NCAAs Final Four, No. 6 UCSD will face off against No. 2 UCLA in the semifinals of 2014 National 
Collegiate Water Polo Championships, hosted this weekend at home at Canyonview Aquatics Center.

BY BRANDON YU SPORTS EDITOR // PHOTO BY MIKE LEWIS

Four in the Fray

readers can contact
brandon  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu 

1 UCLA

4 UCSD

2 Stanford
3 USC

Dec. 6
1:00 P.M.

Dec. 6
3:10 P.M.

NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP
Dec. 7, 3:10 P.M.

THIRD PLACE
Dec. 7 1:00 P.M.

The Top
No. 2 UCLA No. 1 Stanford No. 3 USC No. 6 UCSD

#3 #4

27– 3 25– 3 22–6 16–9Overall Record

#1sd. #2

Four Squads

W. Basketball
M. Basketball

M. Water Polo
M. Water Polo
Cross Country

  12/05
   12/05
   12/06      
   12/07 
   12/07

AT CSU Monterey Bay
AT CSU Monterey Bay
VS UCLA
VS TBD
AT NCAAs

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


