
2014 Student Survival Guide



The Guardian
Write. Design. Photograph.

Info Session - Free Pizza!
Friday, Oct. 10th

at 5 p.m.
Find us on the 2nd Floor of 

the Old Student Center

www.ucsdguardian.com/jobs

Real Student Journalism.

Join our award-winning staff today!



contributors
Zev Hurwitz  Editor in Chief
Rachel Huang  Managing Editor
Lauren Koa  Managing Editor
Dorothy Van  Design Editor
Audrey Sechrest Advertising Director

Siddarth Atre
Kelsea Bergh
Annie Chen
Dhrumil Desai 
Yasmeen Elsawaf
Jaime Estepa 
Teddi Faller
Gabby Fleischman
Rosina Garcia
Christian Gella
Gene Horecka
Andrew Huang
Erik Jepsen
Erika Johnson
Dieter Joubert
Nilu Karimi
Allie Kiekhofer 

Aleksandra Konstantinovic
Soumya Kurnool
Michelle Louie
Brian Monroe
Andrew Oh
Salena Quach
Sydney Reck
Taylor Sanderson
Kriti Sarin
Brett Sobel
Daniel Sung
Alwin Szeto 
Waverly Tseng
Catherine Wang
Tynan Tanaga
Jonah Yonker
Brandon Yu

2014 - 2015 student survival 
g u i d e s t a f f



welcome

contents

5

Welcome to the UCSD Guardian Stu-
dent Survival Guide, the answer to all 
your desperate worries and confusions. We 
know a new campus can be an intimidating 
place, so here are a few tips we’ve compiled 
to make the transition to UCSD life a little 
easier. Explore your new surroundings 
burden-free! We’ve got you covered.

13

tour the six colleges

how to UCSD

26
hit the books

escape off campus



contents

13

21

how to UCSD

explore on campus

42

33

31
escape off campus

get fit

art and culture



5 tour the s ix col leges

REVELLE
UCSD: the origin story

housing

academics

The ’60s-style architecture of  Revelle College housing is a constant reminder that it was built first. 
Recently renovated Blake and Argo Halls offer suite-style housing for 12 to 16 students per suite, each 
equipped with a lounge and a shared bathroom for every two residents. Also suite-style, the six Fleet 
Residence Halls are each named after a research vessel. The Keeling Apartments are split into three 
buildings: North, South and West Towers. Each apartment offers accommodations for six continuing 
Revelle students and, if  you’re lucky, a view of  the ocean.

64 degrees

The Revelle program is infamous for being unnecessarily long and comprehensive. It consists of  five 
humanities courses, three calculus courses, one course in biology, four courses in chemistry and physics, 
two lower-division social science courses, one fine arts course that can be anywhere from two to four 
units, proficiency in a foreign language and three courses in an area of  focus outside your major. You can 
also opt for a minor in place of  the area of  focus, but with this curriculum, many students consider only 
three courses merciful.

dining
The Plaza Cafe, located in the Revelle Commons behind Argo and Blake Hall, has underwent intensive 
renovations this past year. On Oct. 2, 2014, the old Plaza and its temporary replacement, the Incredi-
Bowls food truck, will officially be replaced by Revelle’s brand new dining hall, 64 Degrees.

roger’s market

Mon. - Thurs: 
7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Friday:
7:30 a.m. -8 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
10 a.m. - 8 p.m.

Mon. - Fri.: 
7 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
9 a.m. - 1 a.m.

Founded in 1964



tour the s ix col leges 6

Earl Warren
Engineers, falling stars and bears, oh my!

housing
Earl Warren College is UCSD’s 
fourth undergraduate college. 
There are three first-year residence 
halls and four other undergrad 
apartment buildings, each named 
after a Supreme Court judge that 
sat during Chief  Justice Warren’s 
tenure. Freshmen dorms are suite 
style, with several single or triple 
bunk rooms surrounding a com-
mon room and bathroom. Every 
floor has its own main lounge. 
They are also close to the Student 
Activity Center and the Court-
room, a quiet study lounge that 
requires a keycode to enter. 

academics
Emphasizing a life in balance, War-
ren GEs are focused on its Programs 
of  Concentrations, or Area Studies 
for engineering students. Students 
must choose two PofCs or Area 
Studies that do not fall under their 
major’s assigned discipline. Warren 
College is generally considered more 
lenient toward engineers, as each 
Area Study has fewer courses than 
PofCs. Warren’s writing sequence is 
rigorous but generally less so than 
the other colleges. Otherwise, War-
ren has comparatively flexible course 
requisites and offers a great amount 
of  breadth for students.

dining
Canyon Vista overlooks Warren College’s adjacent canyon and offers a rotating variety of  food, most 
notably its made-to-order sandwiches, grill options and large salad bar. There is generous seating inside, 
although food lines tend to build quickly during peak hours.

canyon vista earl’s market
Mon. - Thurs: 
7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Friday:
7:30 a.m. -8 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
10 a.m. - 8 p.m.

Mon. - Fri.: 
7 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
9 a.m. - 1 a.m.

Founded in 1974



7 tour the s ix col leges

JOHN MUIR
A forest fit for Thoreau

housing

academics

Muir residential halls are organized into two floor “houses,” each divided 
into eight gendered suites. While the number of  triples for each suite was 
formerly one, this year the number has increased to three, with the remain-
ing rooms being singles. Sharing two toilets per suite may seem like a blad-
der buster, but sharing isn’t a huge issue if  you get friendly with your neigh-
bors. Each suite includes a study space, and a pair of  suites share a common 
lounge with couches, a sink and a microwave.

Muir’s GEs are certainly well-known around campus. Some know them as be-
ing the most flexible; others call them the easiest. The overall requirements are 
divided into three areas: social sciences (economics, political science, psychol-
ogy), math or natural sciences (chemistry, physics, biology) and fine arts/hu-
manities (music, theater, languages). Muir also requires students take Muir 40 
and 50, which push students to develop intellectual and argumentative writing. 
Though learning this new method can be a grind, Muir’s requirements are 
incredibly straightforward.

dining
Pines boasts plenty of  seating and an open ambiance, offering everything 
from burgers and stir-fry to soups and excellent breakfast burritos. Down-
stairs, the award-winning Roots opts for a modern vibe, serving up a litany of  
vegan sandwiches and shakes.

pines

john’s market

Mon. - Thurs: 
7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Friday:
7:30 a.m. -8 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
10 a.m. - 8 p.m.

Mon. - Fri.: 
7 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
9 a.m. - 1 a.m.

roots
Mon. - Fri.: 
11 a.m. - 8 p.m.

OVT

goody’s burritos

goody’s market

Founded in 1967



tour the s ix col leges 8 

JOHN MUIR
OVT

Mon. - Thurs: 
7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m.

Friday:
7:30 a.m. -8 p.m.

Sat. - Sun.: 
10 a.m. - 8 p.m.

Thurgood Marshall
Proof that social justice and burritos were meant to be 

goody’s burritos
Mon. - Fri.: 

8 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 

9 a.m. - 1 a.m.

goody’s market
Mon. - Fri.: 

7 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 

9 a.m. - 1 a.m.

housing

academics

Marshall freshmen live in gendered suites among nine buildings. As singles were 
recently converted into doubles, suites are unfortunately a bit cramped, divided 
into six rooms and a common area surrounding a bathroom. The residential 
halls are centered around the Marshall Hump. It may not seem like much, but 
this lump of  vegetation is prime study real estate, so take advantage of  sunny 
days. Despite the proximity to the beach, ocean views are rarely accessible from 
dorm windows, but you can catch awesome sunsets from the roof  of  P building.

Marshall students partake in the three-quarter writing series Dimensions of  
Culture — divided into Diversity, Justice and Imagination — which discusses 
the development of  social justice issues and questions modern hierarchies. It’s 
a hand-holding course designed to challenge students’ concept of  intersecting 
social identities and give them a taste of  college academics in smaller, manage-
able doses. These doses are required for all Marshall freshmen, so your best 
study resource might be in the bunk above you or the next room over.

dining
While OceanView Terrace has the standard fare — salad bar, burgers and 
awesome quesadillas (the first few times at least) — Goody’s is the closest you 
can get to late night Chipotle munchies.

Founded in 1970



9 tour the s ix col leges

Eleanor Roosevelt
Around the world in one dinner
Founded in 1988

housing and academics
ERC students have been long envied for their proximity to both RIMAC gym and the best on-cam-
pus parties (held at International House and the Village) and their spacious and pristine dorms, but 
the buck usually stops there the Making of  the Modern World sequence enters the conversation. As 
the general education gem of  ERC, the MMW is best described as a world history slash literature 
slash philosophy course designed to foster international and cultural understanding through five 
courses each with a central focus on major time periods and larger themes. Any ERC student will 
attest to the fact that MMW involves more research papers, primary source documents and photo-
copies than any other undergraduate course at UCSD, but the team struggle does make for the best 
reason to party on Ellie’s Lawn for MMW Blowout in the spring. 

dining
Cafe Ventanas is known for its upscale 
windows, strong adherence to Meatless 
Mondays and surprisingly popular Ra-
men bowls. Its beautiful ambiance tends 
to make up for what its food lacks in 
taste. With an ample seating, Cafe V can 
also double as a study spot for those who 
don’t want to make the trip to Geisel.

cafe ventanas
Mon. - Thurs: 
7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Friday:
7:30 a.m. -8 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
10 a.m. - 8 p.m.

Founded in 2002



tour the s ix col leges 10 

SIXTH
The could-have-been-named-after-Conan-O’-Brien-College

foodworx

sixth market

Mon. - Thurs: 
7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Friday:
7:30 a.m. -8 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
10 a.m. - 8 p.m.

Mon. - Fri.: 
7 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
9 a.m. - 1 a.m.

Founded in 2002

housing

academics

Nicknamed “Camp Snoopy,” the residential halls resemble cabins and are surrounded by trees. Dorms 
are divided into multiple two-story buildings that face a central lawn. One residential hall contains two 
suites on each floor, with the floors divided by gender. Because every suite has around five triples, each 
hall only holds about 58 people. All residents share a kitchen and study room. Overall, the residential 
halls boast an intimate layout and earthly environment

Sixth College’s general education requirements are intended to foster dynamic citizens of  the 21st century. 
Its freshman writing sequence, CAT, is focused around culture, art and technology and is three quarters 
long. GEs also include a computing class and 12 breadth courses. These breadth classes range from a 
structured reasoning course (math) to two art courses. Unlike other colleges, Sixth also requires its stu-
dents to complete the upper-division writing course, CAT 125, and a project called a Practicum. 

dining
Nestled between the Matthews and Sixth Apartments, Foodworx lies far from the center of  campus. 
However, Foodworx is famous for its personal pan pizzas, fresh salads and handmade sandwiches. Diners 
can either sit on the patio or grab their food to-go.

Disclaimer: Unfortunately, Conan is not a full-time fixture at Sixth College. He did, however, try out the 
grub at Foodworx during his 2012 visit to campus. He’s a fan of  their cheese pizza. 



11 tour the s ix col leges

THE VILLAGE
You can smell the sophistication...

housing
The Village is home to upperclassmen and transfers, and with its older resi-
dents comes a reputation for partying. Unlike freshmen housing, there are 
fewer building events (outside of  student-hosted parties), so for better or 
worse, there’s no obligation or pressure to get to know your floormates. This 
sense of  autonomy is encouraged by its north-campus location, which is far 
enough away from central campus to provide more independent living but 
with the convenience of  campus housing. The Village is known for its laid-
back atmosphere, the cordiality of  its residents and its PARTIES.

dining
The Bistro features Asian-inspired cuisine and is one of  the better places to 
spend your precious dining dollars — just don’t spend them all at once. Be 
sure to call ahead of  time to reserve a table because it can get crowded during 
lunch and dinner rushes.

the bistro

the market
Mon. - Fri.: 
7 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
9 a.m. - 1 a.m.

Mon. - Fri.: 
11 a.m. - 8 p.m.
(P.S. Take-out is awesome!)



tour the s ix col leges 12

International House
PARTY
housing
Located in Eleanor Roosevelt College, I-House is home to our international 
students as well as some lucky upperclassmen who have earned their way in. 
The application process is competitive but well worth the effort. Our advice: 
Be ready to defend your level of  commitment; they want to know you’re in it 
for more than just the parties. Which brings me to the parties: If  a little birdy 
told you I-House has the most active nightlife on campus, you better track 
that bird down and get him to reveal some more secrets because he’s spot 
on. I-House offers activities such as Language and Culture Cafes that include 
food and entertainment from all over the world. With its unique blend of  
traditions, residents are privy to new kinds of  music, dance and games they 
never knew existed. With so much to learn, who has time to sleep?

the bistro

the market
Mon. - Fri.: 
7 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 
9 a.m. - 1 a.m.

Mon. - Fri.: 
11 a.m. - 8 p.m.
(P.S. Take-out is awesome!)



13 how to UCSD

History of UCSD

Think you know UCSD? 
Sun, surf  and science: These timeless 

aspects of  campus life have anchored 
UCSD since its inception in 1960. We 
have stood out over the years because of  
our beautiful weather, stunning beaches 
and renowned science, technology, engi-
neering and mathematics programs.

Our first chancellor Herbert York en-
visioned a campus for students based on 
the Oxbridge model. It took four years 
to create our system of  separate under-
graduate colleges as our counterparts at 
Oxford and Cambridge do across the 
Pond. Today, UCSD has flourished into a 
sprawling 2,000 acres, home to six colleg-
es, five graduate schools and two medical 
schools.

UCSD has also embraced a number of  in-
novative thinkers, including 20 Nobel Prize 
laureates, one of  whom — Professor Maria 
Goeppert-Mayer — became the second fe-
male Nobel laureate in physics. Our students 
have also been under the instruction of  such 
luminaries as Sally Ride, the first American 
woman to go to space, Qualcomm founder 
Irwin M. Jacobs and internationally-re-
nowned sitar player Ravi Shankar. 

Standing for over half  a century, our 
campus has given rise to generations of  
scholars and sowed the seeds of  knowl-
edge and a passion for learning. Make 
the most of  your college career here, and 
go forth as one of  many proud, accom-
plished Tritons.

Student Health & Well Being
Don’t let the stresses of college life get you down! 

UCSD is here to help keep you healthy in mind and body.



how to UCSD 14

Student Health & Well Being
Don’t let the stresses of college life get you down! 

UCSD is here to help keep you healthy in mind and body.

SHS
Located on Library Walk just across 

from the bookstore, Student Health 
Services is UCSD’s on-campus doc-
tor’s office, pharmacy and emergency 
room. SHS offers tuberculosis and 
HIV testing, as well as a wide variety 
of  immunizations and lab testing. If  
you’re on the Student Health Insur-
ance Plan, you only have to pay $20 
for an urgent care visit and many 
common prescriptions are greatly re-
duced in price. You should call in ad-
vance to make an appointment as the 
walk-in wait can be long without one.

Location: Library Walk

Mon., Wed., Fri.: 
8 a.m. - 4 p.m. 
Tues., Thurs.: 
9 a.m. - 4 p.m.

858-534-3300

studenthealth@ucsd.edu

Location: Galbraith Hall 190

Mon. - Fri.: 
8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
URGENT CARE
Mon. - Fri.: 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.

858-534-3755

caps@ucsd.edu

Student Health Services
studenthealth.ucsd.edu

CAPS
Counseling and Psychological Services 

is a free and confidential program where 
students can talk to accredited psycholo-
gists. Caps.ucsd.edu offers a full list of  its 
psychologists, each profile equipped with 
an autobiographical blurb and a list of  clini-
cal interests, such as “depression” and “gay, 
lesbian, bisexual and transgender issues,” so 
that students can pick professionals with 
whom they feel comfortable. CAPS is a 
self-professed short-term solution, so they 
offer referral services to outside providers 
for students in need of  a more long-term 
therapy program.

Counseling & Psychological Services
caps.ucsd.edu

EMERGENCIES: 911



15 how to UCSD

SARC
UCSD’s Sexual Assault & Violence 

Prevention Resource Center offers 
services to victims of  sexual assault 
and violence and students interested 
in educating themselves about the 
prevention of  such violence. If  you 
have been affected by sexual violence, 
you can seek individual counseling 
and go to support groups through 
SARC. They will also help you decide 
what action to take and accompany 
you to police interviews, medical ex-
ams and court dates. SARC offers a 
variety of  programs such as Rape 
Aggression Defense training and By-
stander Intervention Techniques. For 
more information, visit sarc.ucsd.edu.

Student Services Center
Room 555

Mon. - Fri.: 
9 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
(On call, 24/7!) 
858-534-3755

sarc.ucsd.edu

sarc.ucsd.edu

thezone.ucsd.edu
Puppies, food, fitness, art and did we say 

puppies? If  you’re looking for any of  these 
and more, The Zone is THE zone for any-
one’s health needs. Stationed conveniently 
in Price Center, The Zone offers students 
a safe haven for de-stressing and catching 
up on their well-being. With free workshops 
such as “Tasty Tuesday,” “Art & Soul” and 
“Therapy Fluffies” every week, students 
have the opportunity to gain cathartic, use-
ful life skills and hug an adorable dog while 
they’re at it! In addition to weekly work-
shops, The Zone also offers annual events 
that vary from Zumbamania to the annual 
Moon God 5K. Life is full of  feel-good 
perks, so why not stop by The Zone to dis-
cover a few more?

Price Center Plaza
(Next to Jamba Juice) 

Mon. - Thurs.: 
9 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Fri.: 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.
858-534-5553

zone@ucsd.edu



how to UCSD 16 

thezone.ucsd.edu

Mon. - Thurs.: 
9 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Fri.: 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.

Academic Resources
Figuring out the semantics of college academics can be confusing, 
even without a website as complicated as Tritonlink. Here are a few tips.

Decoding your class schedule abbreviations
RBC: Robinson Building Complex, in ERC by the IR/PS building
CENTR: Center Hall, on Library Walk and Gilman
SSB: Social Sciences Building, in ERC past Goody’s
PETER: Peterson Hall, in Marshall by Muir parking
WLH: Warren Lecture Hall, below the flashing neon letters
HSS: Humanities and Social Sciences building, in Muir next to John’s Market
SEQUO: Sequoia Hall, by the Marshall Field
PCYNH: Pepper Canyon Hall, in Sixth by the Gilman Parking Structure
CSB: Cognitive Science Building, across Peterson and up the hill from Geisel
LEDDN: Ledden Auditorium, in Muir by HSS
GH: Galbraith Hall, in Revelle past the fountain by York

Academic and Administrative Calendar
Fall Quarter 2013
First day of class  Oct. 2
Veteran’s day Holiday  Nov. 11
Thanksgiving Holiday  Nov. 27 - Nov. 28
Last day of class  Dec. 12
Finals   Dec. 13 - Dec. 20
Winter Break  Dec. 22 - Jan. 2

Winter Quarter 2015
First day of class  Jan. 5
MLK Holiday  Jan. 19
President’s Day Holiday Feb. 16
Last day of class  March 13
Finals   March 14 - March 21
Spring Break  March 23 - March 27

Spring Quarter 2015
First day of class  March 30
Memorial Day Holiday May 25
Last day of class  June 5
Finals   June 6 - June 12
Commencement  June 13 - June 14



17 how to UCSD

TritonLink is an invaluable tool easily accessed with your 
PID. Under Classes & Enrollment, is the Class Planner, where 
you can make schedules for the upcoming quarter. Remember, 
you can only officially enroll through WebReg! The Advising & 
Grades tab is your best friend: Choose classes with help from 
your Degree Audit (which shows you requirements for your ma-
jor and college) check out your final grades and GPA under Aca-
demic History and ask advisors through the Virtual Advising 
Center questions specific to your major, department or college. 

TritonLink
mytritonlink.ucsd.edu

Ted (or Blackboard) is a resource that some professors use 
as a course companion. Typically, professors post lecture notes, 
supplemental information or announcements, as well as assign-
ment and test grades, so you’ll have an idea of  where you are in 
the class throughout the quarter. To log in, visit ted.ucsd.edu and 
use your Active Directory log-on information.

TED/Blackboard Learn
ted.ucsd.edu

A.S. Lecture Notes 
Located at the Old Student Center

A.S. Lecture Notes offers supplementary notes 
for both current and past quarters. A subscrip-
tion for a current course is $27 if  purchased be-
fore the end of  Week 4. Otherwise, a subscription 
is $32. Subscribers can pick up weekly sets every 
Monday. Notes can also be purchased in indi-
vidual sets for $4 during Week 10 and finals week.

Mon. - Fri.: 
10 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

858-534-6238

as-lecture-
notes@ucsd.edu



TritonLink

TED/Blackboard Learn

A.S. Lecture Notes 
Mon. - Fri.: 
10 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

858-534-6238

as-lecture-
notes@ucsd.edu

Want breaking news? 
We’ve got you covered.

Like us on Facebook at:
www.facebook.com/ucsdguardian



Need a job? UCSD makes it easy. The Career Services Cen-
ter offers job fairs, on-campus interviews and career, internship 
and professional school advising. They also provide seminars 
and workshops on writing resumes and application essays and 
interviewing. If  you’re looking for resume-building, they’ve got 
the answer to that too: Port Triton, an online engine designed 

to make the job search a little easier. It lets you upload resumes and cover letters for con-
venient, click-to-submit applications, and it’s a great way to find out what’s available both 
on and off-campus. Like most UCSD online tools, you’ll need your PID and password; 
then all that’s left is to spruce up your resume. Happy job hunting! 

19 how to UCSD
Career Services Center:Port Triton
porttriton.ucsd.edu

Get Involved! 
Calling all future world leaders. 

The Associated Students Council serves as a represent-
ing body for UCSD undergraduate students and is a part 
of  the decision-making process for many critical aspects 
of  campus. This includes discussing student concerns with 
administration, approving referenda and budgeting funds 
for student organizations, concerts and events. If  you are 
interested in being a part of  student government, go to the 
A.S. website for applications for specific council, commit-

tee and council staff  positions. A.S. Council meetings are held Wednesdays at 6 p.m. 
in The Forum on the fourth floor of  Price Center.

Associated Students Council
as.ucsd.edu



how to UCSD 20

porttriton.ucsd.edu

Get Involved! 
Calling all future world leaders. 

Associated Students Council
as.ucsd.edu

College Councils
Get involved with your college! 

Each of  the six colleges has its own College Council, a representing body for students 
within that college. These councils make decisions and organize programs impacting 
those students and act as a representative voice for their constituencies on the Associated 
Students Council and in discussion with administration. If  you are interested in being a 
part of  your college’s student government, you can fill out a common application for any 
council, due at the end of  Week 3.

More information about college councils can be found on each of  their websites:

Revelle 
rcc.ucsd.edu

John Muir
mcc.ucsd.edu

Eleanor Roosevelt 
scerc.ucsd.edu

Thurgood Marshall
tmcsc.ucsd.edu

Earl Warren
wcsc.ucsd.edu

Sixth
scsc.ucsd.edu



21 how to UCSD

Student Orgs
onestop@ucsd.edu

No matter how obscure your hobbies or 
personal views, you’re bound to find your 
niche in one of  UCSD’s 600-plus clubs — 
be sure to check out the tables and booths 
at club rush (during Welcome Week and 
Week 1 of  Fall Quarter). If  you have an 
idea for a student org it’s easy to set up 
your own online. Just get a few like-mind-
ed friends together consult the One Stop 
Desk (on the third level of  Price Center 
East) to get UCSD to officially recognize 
your club.

Price Center East
(Third Level) 

Mon. - Fri.: 
8 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

858-534-7666

onestop@ucsd.edu

Greek
Get involved with Greek Life. 

Missed the Greeks on Triton Day? Fear not; there are still plenty of  opportunities to 
see what Greek life on campus is all about.

Three different governing bodies, the Interfraternity Council, Multicultural Greek 
Council and Panhellenic Council, oversee men’s, co-ed and women’s chapters. Each 
hosts separate recruitments and usually hosts an info session and tabling on Library 
Walk in early fall. If  you miss those, check out tritongreeks.org for more information 
on specific recruitment procedures and to find which chapter best represents your 
interests. Greek recruitment is also a great way to find parties in those first few weeks.

And if  fall recruitment passes you by, some chapters may host spring or informal 
recruitment, so it’s never too late for you to live out the Greek dream.

Panhellenic 
tritongreeks.org/phc

Interfraternity Council
tritongreeks.org/ifc

Multicultural
sites.google.com/site/

ucsdmgc/

explore on campus 22



Student Orgs

Mon. - Fri.: 
8 a.m. - 5 p.m. 

858-534-7666

onestop@ucsd.edu

Greek

explore on campus 22

Hangout
Spend an afternoon getting to know your campus.

New and returning students gravitate toward 
the student union for its familiar offerings and 
its proximity to other campus fixtures like the 
Bookstore and Library Walk. The highly com-
mercial Price Center is great for your fast-food 
fix, and, love it or hate it, Starbucks will soon 
be making its debut there as well. The newest 
vendor Dlush features a menu of  interesting 

drinks and pick-me-ups as an alternative to 
some of  the more well-known names. Outside, 
Price Center Plaza offers a classic, collegiate 
quad, along with a stage that often features 
concerts, dances and open mike nights. The 
Bookstore is where you’ll find lab supplies, 
textbooks and Dr. Seuss paraphernalia to take 
back to your friends and family.

Price Center

Price Center East
Mon. - Thurs.: 24 hours
Fri.: Closes at midnight

Price Center West
Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 11 p.m. 

Sat. 8 a.m. - 11 p.m. 
Sun. 9:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Student Center
Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 11 p.m .

Sat.: 9 a.m. - 11 p.m. 
Sun.: 10 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Old 
Student 
Center

The Old Student Center is a quiet 
haven for student organizations. 
The center is home to student-run 
staples like your friendly, neighbor-
hood campus newspaper, the UCSD 
Guardian, and the co-ops. Ground-
work Books, the aptly-named Food 
Co-Op and the General Store all 
feature student necessities at prices 
much lower than what you’ll find at 
PC. With $1 coffee from the Food 
Co-Op and live streaming radio from 
KSDT, the center is a perfect place to 
relax after class. 



explore on campus 24

Bombay Coast
Mon. - Fri.:10 a.m. - 9 p.m.

Sat.: 10 a.m. - 7 p.m.

Burger King
Mon. - Thurs.: 24 hours
Fri.: Closes at midnight
Sat.: 8 a.m. - Midnight

Sun.: 9:30 a.m. - 12 a.m.

Croutons
Mon. - Fri.: 10 a.m. - 3 p.m.

DLush
Mon.- Thu.: 8 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Fri.: 8 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Sat.: 8 a.m. - 9 p.m.

Sun.: 11 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Food Co-op
Mon. - Thurs. 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.

Fri.: 9:30 a.m. - 4 p.m.

Hi Thai
Mon. - Fri.: 8 a.m. - 9 p.m.

Jamba Juice
Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 10 p.m.

Sat.: 9:30 a.m. - 4 p.m.
Sun.: 9:30 a.m. - 4 p.m.

Panda Express
Mon. - Thurs.: 9 a.m. - 10 p.m.

Fri.: 9 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 11 a.m. - 7 p.m.

Porter’s Pub
Mon. - Fri.: 11 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Round Table
Mon. - Thurs.: 9 a.m. - 9 p.m.

Fri.: 9 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Sat.: 10:30 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Sun.: 10:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.

Rubio’s Fresh Mexican Grill
Mon. - Thurs.: 9 a.m. - 9 p.m.

Fri.: 9 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Sat.: 10:30 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Sun.: 10:30 a.m. - 5 p.m.

Santorini Greek Island Grill
Mon. - Fri.: 7:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Sat.: 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Sun.: Noon - 8 p.m.

Shogun Sushi Terikyaki
Mon. - Fri.: 10 a.m. - 9 p.m.

Sat.: 11:30 a.m. - 8 p..m.
Sun.: 11:30 a.m. - 8 p.m.

Subway
Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Sat.: 8 a.m. - 11 p.m.
Sun.: 9:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Sunshine Market 
Mon. - Thurs.: 7 a.m. - 9 p.m. 

Fri.: 7 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.

Tapioca Express
Mon. - Fri.: 9:30 a.m. - 12 a.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 11 a.m. - Midnight

Yogurt World
Mon. - Fri.: 10:30 a.m. - 10 p.m.

Sat.: Noon - 5 p.m.
Sun.: Noon - 8 p.m.

Zanzibar
Mon. - Fri.: 8:30 a.m. - 6:30 p.m.

FOOD

Eat well, Tritons!



explore on campus 24

UCSD’s Secret Menu
Trust us; you’re going to be dying for some new grub 
after month or so of school food.

Hare Krishna
When you’ve exhausted your tolerance for dining halls and PC’s menu begins to taste 

like cardboard, there are few cost-efficient alternatives left to the hungry student. The 
Hare Krishna treat in the Old Student Center is one such option. For $6, pile as much as 
you can of  their various curries, rice, creamy dessert and sweet teas; for $8, you can stuff  
as much chow into your own tupperware as you wish.

Wednesdays 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. 

Farmer’s Market
The UCSD Farmer’s Market has all the off-campus goodness you could want right at 

your door. They’ve got a variety of  fresh produce, flowers and delicious street food ven-
dors. If  the endless line for Lemongrass chicken doesn’t appeal to you, the strong aroma 
of  grilled BBQ will, and you’ll likely surrender too much cash there. Lucky for you and 
your wallet, the Farmer’s Market only happens once a week.

Tuesdays 10 a.m. - 2 p.m. 

Secret Cookie Service
Want agents in suits with briefcases 

of  cookies to show up at your dorm? 
If  yes, the Secret Cookie Service is 
for you. The SCS delivers homemade 
treats straight to your door. Check 
out their Facebook page for the 
night’s menu — they primarily oper-
ate in the evening — and text in your 
order and address. While a bit pricy, 
the satisfaction of  your late night 
munchies is worth it.

Hours
Sun. - Mon.: 8 p.m. - Midnight  
Tues. - Thurs.: 8 p.m. - 1 a.m.  
Fri. - Sat.: 9 p.m. - 2 a.m.



25 explore on campus

Get Your Caffeine Fix
Need a little extra something to 
kick start your day? 
We’ve got you covered.

Mandeville: Art of Espresso
Tucked away in Old Student Center, the Mandeville coffee cart provides an 

extensive list of  goods, including coffee, blended drinks, smoothies and pas-
tries. The cart sits in front of  a plaza of  tables and chairs, emulating the intimate 
setting of  a coffee shop while letting you enjoy the San Diego weather.

Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 4 p.m. 

Peet’s Coffee
Located in RIMAC Annex, Peet’s 

Coffee is your typical coffee shop. 
It has two floors of  plentiful seating 
for students looking to escape the 
more popular study areas. With the 
beach in the distance, and RIMAC 
field to your right, there’s a ton of  
eye candy to enjoy with your coffee.

Hours
Mon. - Thurs.: 7 a.m. - 9 p.m.  
Fri.: 7 a.m. - 6 p.m.  
Sat. - Sun.: 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. 

Perks
At the heart of  campus, in the lower 

level of  the Bookstore, Perks Coffee 
Shop is the perfect meeting spot where 
you can catch up with friends, print your 
philosophy paper or enjoy anything from 
a classic coffee to the crowd favorite 
Nutella Latte. If  you’re lucky, you might 
even snag a spot near the fireplace. 

Hours
Mon. - Thurs.: 7 a.m. - 7 p.m.   
Fri.: 7 a.m. - 6 p.m.   
Sat. - Sun.: Noon - 5 p.m.



hit  the books 26

Mandeville: Art of Espresso Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 4 p.m. 

Shhh...
some of us are sleeping here 

Geisel Library
The spaceship marooned in the center of  cam-

pus is none other than the Geisel Library, home to 
UCSD archives, online class reserves and desper-
ately cramming students. Named after Audrey and 
Theodor Seuss Geisel (aka  Dr. Seuss), the library 
offers study spaces on all eight floors, with floors 
four through eight designated for quiet study. If  
that’s unappealing, the two wings of  the main floor 
act as hubs for study groups and solo researchers 
alike, fully equipped with several hundred comput-
ers. If  you feel an allnighter looming, take advan-
tage of  the 24/5 overnight hours in the East Wing.

Normal Hours
Mon. - Thurs.: 
7:30 a.m. - Midnight
Saturday: 
10 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Sunday: 
10 a.m. - Midnight

Overnight Hours
Mon. - Fri.:
Midnight - 7:30 a.m.

Biomedical Library
The Biomedical Library is located 

in the UCSD School of  Medicine. 
The library boasts an enormous col-
lection of  printed books and jour-
nals and, after updates that brought 
the building into the 21st century, 
both wired and wireless access to 
specialized databases. It’s a huge 
support for the research needs of  
world-renowned scientists at UCSD.

Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 8 a.m. - Midnight  
Sat.: 10 a.m. - 6 p.m.  
Sun.: Noon - Midnight

Former IR/PS Study Place
This study space once housed the In-
ternational Relations and Pacific Studies 
library. Nestled north of  Goody’s, the 
IR/PS building now serves as a con-
venient and quiet place to cram — for 
those living on the north end of  cam-
pus, it’s closer and usually much less 
crowded than Geisel. Be sure to bring a 
jacket though; temperatures in here are 
usually set at comfortably arctic. 

Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 8 a.m. - 11 p.m.



27 hi t  the books

Study Lounges
Library too unnervingly quiet? 

Here are some more ... relaxed study sites.

Treehouse Lounge
Nestled between the tallest trees of  the Old Student Cen-

ter, above the bike shop and overlooking Porter’s Pub, sits the 
Treehouse Lounge. This study space houses a small array of  
computers and printers, perfect for last-minute homework. 
While seating can be hard to find, it’s worth the effort to 
fight for the last leg rest. Its abundant natural lighting, serene 
hardwood flooring and comfy Ikea furniture collection make 
the Treehouse one of  the most relaxing places to study.

Price Center
Price Center, is student hub at the heart of  campus has a 

plethora of  different study spaces to suite your variable aca-
demic needs. Want a booth? Head over to the Price Theater 
Lounge. Looking for a computer lab? Sun God Lounge or 
Commuter Concourse has rows of  computers and printers 
at your disposal. Need brain food? PC’s first floor serves 
whatever your mood calls for — burgers, Indian, Greek or 
boba. The corner lounges scattered throughout are also a 
nice respite from rowdy foot traffic.

Hours
Open 24/7

Galbraith Hall 
This is one of  UCSD’s newest and quietest study spaces, 

located in Revelle. The recently renovated interior space 
boasts a refreshing, youthful design. The hall has plenty 
of  tables and group study areas, and each table has several 
charging stations, perfect for settling in for the long study 
haul. The space itself, with its mixed palettes, lighting and 
color, creates a bright and cheerful atmosphere — some-
thing that is painfully necessary during those dark weeks 
leading up to finals.

Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 8 a.m. - 11 p.m.   
Sat.: 8:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.  
Sun.: 9:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Price Center West Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 11 p.m.   
Sat. 8 a.m. - 11 p.m. 
Sun. 9:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.
Price Center East Hours
Mon. - Thurs.: 24 hours  
Fri.: Closes at midnight



hit  the books 28

Treehouse Lounge

Hours
Open 24/7

Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 8 a.m. - 11 p.m.   
Sat.: 8:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.  
Sun.: 9:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.

Price Center West Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 11 p.m.   
Sat. 8 a.m. - 11 p.m. 
Sun. 9:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.
Price Center East Hours
Mon. - Thurs.: 24 hours  
Fri.: Closes at midnight

24-Hour Study Spaces
Price Center East Ballroom

Price Center West Computer Lab

Sun God Lounge
Treehouse Lounge
Fireside Lounge

Hi Thai Dining Area
Galbraith Hall

(The Think Tank, Barnwood) 



The Loft/Zanzibar
During the day, Price Center’s Zanzibar Cafe is the trendiest eatery on cam-

pus. Though somewhat expensive, it makes up for it with high quality meals, like 
blackened fish filet and an excellent selection of  craft beers. On select nights 
, the venue transforms into the de facto “hipster” club on campus: The Loft. 
While its lineup of  fantastic indie and electronic acts may elicit remarks of  
“who?” it also hosts film screenings and comedy shows, making it an ideal loca-
tion for the artistically minded.

            Mon. - Fri.: 8:30 a.m. - 6:30 p.m.

Porter’s Pub
During the day, Price Center’s Zanzibar Cafe is the trendiest eatery on cam-

pus. Though somewhat expensive, it makes up for it with high quality meals, like 
blackened fish filet and an excellent selection of  craft beers. On select nights 
, the venue transforms into the de facto “hipster” club on campus: The Loft. 
While its lineup of  fantastic indie and electronic acts may elicit remarks of  
“who?” it also hosts film screenings and comedy shows, making it an ideal loca-
tion for the artistically minded.

            Mon. - Fri.: 11 a.m. - 11 p.m.

29 art  and cul ture

Music
Craving a good venue? 
Good news: We’ve got plenty.



art  and cul ture 30

            Mon. - Fri.: 8:30 a.m. - 6:30 p.m.

Craving a good venue? 
Good news: We’ve got plenty.

Conrad Prebys
Classical music buffs can find their fix at the Conrad Prebys 

Music Center. The Conrad Prebys Concert Hall is home to 
world-class performances; the UCSD music department features 
graduate students, undergraduates and professors alike in perfor-
mances that range from experimental to gospel choir.

Che Cafe
The Che Cafe, found just southeast of  Revelle College, has had a rocky rela-

tionship with the university over the past few years. But the iconic music venue 
cooperative is a landmark of  the UCSD campus and still hosts concerts and 
other events to this day. Named for the revolutionary Ernesto “Che” Guevara, 
the Cafe represents a relic of  the earlier days of  UCSD history.



31 art  and cul ture

EVENTS
What’s happening, UCSD?

Sun God Festival
The most exciting day of  the academic calendar falls dur-

ing the seventh week of  Spring Quarter. The famous, an-
nual Sun God Festival brings students from all corners of  
campus together for an evening of  music, food and fun on 
RIMAC Field. Students can head to both the dance and 
main stages that have hosted top name performers such as 
Drake, Kendrick Lamar and Wiz Khalifa. 

Some professors will cancel class on the day of  the festival 
(usually Friday) so students can make the most of  the day 
at the festival, which is put on by Associated Student Con-
certs and Events. SGF, named for campus’ iconic Sun God 
art installation, culminates weeks of  buildup including mer-
chandise giveaways and the annual Sun God babies search! 
Be sure to drink plenty (of  water) and bring sunscreen!



What’s happening, UCSD?

art  and cul ture 32

Spirit Night 
Spirit Night, which occurs during the Winter Quarter, is the culmination of  a 

month of  spirit that starts with Triton Jam, the annual basketball carnival, and 
involves the entire campus in a decoration contest between colleges to earn the 
coveted spirit trophy. On Spirit Night, Students flock to RIMAC clad in blue 
and gold UCSD gear to watch the women and men’s basketball games. If  you 
like free t-shirts, foam fingers and other UCSD paraphernalia, don’t miss out 
on Spirit Night.

Bear Garden
Bear Garden is a near-mythic experience for upperclassmen, being the only 

time the school will provide (two cups of) alcohol to legal students. For those 
under 21, Bear Garden still delights, as the assortment of  carnival games and 
free food, including freshly made churros, is a great way to spend a Friday after-
noon. Be advised, though, that lines can be long, so arrive early!



33 get f i t

The Gyms
Freshman Fifteen is real, and it hurts. 

Main Gym 
Although often overlooked in favor of  RIMAC, 

the Main Gym holds its own as a recreational facil-
ity. Located between Muir and Revelle Colleges, it’s 
the perfect place for a quick workout if  RIMAC seems 
too far. Despite having less equipment and a smaller 
weight room, it has smaller crowds and has all neces-
sary accommodations for a complete workout. Main 
Gym also offers alternatives such as a six-lane swim-
ming pool in the Natatorium, dance and gymnastics 
floors, a squash court and a combat room. More op-
tions are available in close proximity, such as the neigh-
boring “Rec” Gym, lighted outdoor basketball courts, 
beach-volleyball courts and tennis courts.

Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 11 p.m.
Sat.: 7:30 a.m. - 10 p.m.
Sun.: 9:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.



Freshman Fifteen is real, and it hurts. 

Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 7 a.m. - 11 p.m.
Sat.: 7:30 a.m. - 10 p.m.
Sun.: 9:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.

get f i t  34

RIMAC
RIMAC has everything you could want in a gym. 

Gym rats will appreciate the variety of  equipment and 
the basketball and volleyball courts. If  you’re the danc-
ing or yoga type, there are several rooms where you can 
do so, though sometimes rooms are reserved for teams 
or recreational classes. There are also plenty of  lockers 
and showers, but be aware of  how busy it can get. If  the 
treadmill isn’t cutting it, proceed to the track or RIMAC 
field adjacent to the gym. The Spanos Training Facility,is 
located at the top of  the track and field stadium. More 
equipment, a training room and lockers and showers are 
available here.

Canyon View Aquatic Center
Whether you’re an aquatic animal or a rock-climbing 

aficionado, this hidden gem of  east campus is a must. 
The two Olympic-sized pools are ideal for perfecting 
your stroke, and for those who are more inclined to relax, 
there’s a jacuzzi. Inside the center, there are several climb-
ing walls just waiting to be scaled (a day pass is only $5), 
as well as a fully equipped weight room. For any sports 
enthusiasts out there, this is the place to catch both col-
legiate water polo and swimming and diving events.

Hours
Mon. - Thurs.: 5:20 a.m. - 1 a.m.
Fri.: 5:30 a.m. - 11 p.m.
Sat.: 7:30 a.m. - 10 p.m.
Sun.: 9:30 a.m. - 1 a.m.

Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 9 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m.



35 get f i t 

But wait, there’s more!
Beyond our expansive facilities, 
UCSD has a few other fitness secrets around campus.

Campus Loop 
A four-mile run around the pe-

rimeter of  campus, Campus Loop 
let’s you explore (oh, that’s where 
the Sixth College Apartments are) 
and work some cardio into your 
day.

RIMAC Woods
If  you’re looking for a peace-

ful locale to escape the mania 
of  school, head to the RIMAC 
woods, located at the bottom of  
Hopkins Hill, for a quiet walk.

Challenge Course
The UCSD Challenge Course, 

located near the track and field 
stadium in the woods, features 
obstacle courses for beginners 
and challenge seekers. This course 
is tailored toward groups, so 
schedule your visit ahead of  time 
and call for a quote.

Triton 5K
The Triton 5k occurs at the end 

of  each school year and features a 
scenic 3.1-mile course around the 
school. Professors also partici-
pate, so take the opportunity for 
some friendly competition. Pro-
ceeds go toward student scholar-
ships.



But wait, there’s more!
Beyond our expansive facilities, 
UCSD has a few other fitness secrets around campus.

get f i t  36

NCAA 2013-14 Season Recap

Each of  the 23 UCSD’s men and wom-
en’s intercollegiate athletic teams lifted the 
blue and gold to another spectacular year 
for Triton sports. Teams like the men’s 
soccer squad dominated their respective 
conferences, while in other territories, 
UCSD’s athletes like the Triton swim and 
dive team made a big splash at the na-
tional level. There were heartbreaking 
losses but many big moments as well. 
Who could forget Megan Perry’s buzzer-
beating jumper on Spirit Night in front 

of  a jam-packed RIMAC Arena or Sarah 
Lizotte’s 246th goal to surpass Olympian 
Julie Swail as UCSD’s all-time highest goal 
scorer for women’s water polo? And yet, 
the Tritons are still poised for an even more 
spectacular year in the 2014-15 season. So 
keep an eye out this fall for the likes of  
reigning conference Rookie of  the Year 
Adam Klie soaring across the basketball 
court or all-around playmaker Troy Cruz 
lighting it up next spring in the newly con-
structed Triton Ballpark.

Catch some games during Welcome Week and Week 1!
Men’s Soccer Cal Poly Pomona  11:30 a.m. Sunday, Sept. 28
Women’s Soccer Cal Poly Pomona  2 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 28
Men’s Water Polo Loyola Marymount  6 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 1
Men’s Soccer Cal State San Bernardino 4:30 p.m. Friday, Oct. 3
Women’s Soccer Cal State San Bernardino 7 p.m. Friday, Oct. 3



37 get f i t

Are you fit yet? 
“But what about me,” you say? 
Here’s your chance to shine on a smaller stage.

Recreational Classes
UCSD Recreation has a wide variety of  

classes, clubs and even trips. If  you want 
to learn or just try out a new sport, UCSD 
offers rec classes on everything from aerial 
silks to scuba diving, all with an average 
price range of  $20 to $100. For those who 
are more adventurous, Outback Adven-
tures provides classes that include snor-
keling, kayaking, horseback riding, caving, 
rock-climbing and surfing. Outback Ad-
ventures also offers yearly trips to the Cali-

fornia National Parks, the Grand Canyon, 
Catalina Island, Mountain High Ski resort 
and even Baja Mexico. If  you can’t seem to 
find an activity that interests you, you can 
start your own rec club, open to the entire 
campus community. Some already exist-
ing, student-run rec clubs include cricket, 
hip-hop dance, wrestling and colorguard. 
Registration for classes, trips and clubs 
open quarterly and can be found online at 
recreation.ucsd.edu.

Intramural
For those of us who want to relive our high 

school sports glory days on the smaller stage or just 
want to get in some extra cardio while having fun, 
intramural sports are the way to go. UCSD’s 
recreation program provides a wide variety 
of  IM sports ranging from basketball and 
flag football all the way to the lesser-known 
inner-tube water polo and bowling. While 
each quarter offers different sporting op-
tions, the year-round program gives Tritons 

a great opportunity to make friends while 
satisfying their competitive drive. Joining a 
team requires a small fee, the price of  which 
varies with the selected sport. Through on-
line registration, you can join a sport in three 
ways: Create a team with your friends, join a 
team or post information about yourself  and 
join as a “free agent.” More information for 
IMs can be viewed on the UCSD recreations 
website at recreation.ucsd.edu.



Are you fit yet? 
“But what about me,” you say? 
Here’s your chance to shine on a smaller stage.

escape off  campus 38

Getting Around
No car? No problem! UCSD is a commuter-friendly zone.

Campus Loop
Hop on any Campus Loop shuttle for a joy-

ride around outer perimeter of  campus. Running 
around every 15 minutes, shuttles are convenient 
for days when you don’t want to ruin your best 
shoes trekking up and down hills, and it’s your 
ticket out of  those drowsy, pre-8 a.m. class walks. 
But be warned; if  you’re relying on the Tritonlink 
mobile application for shuttle arrival times, be at 
the stop five minutes before scheduled.

Shuttle Hours
Mon. - Fri.: 9 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Sat. - Sun.: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m.

Other Free UCSD Shuttle Services
Cityshuttle Hours:   Weekdays: 7 a.m. - midnight 
East/Regent Shuttle Hours:  Weekdays: 6:30 a.m. - midnight
Hillcrest/Campus Shuttle: Weekdays: 5:50 a.m. - 9:45 p.m. 
Mesa Housing Shuttle: Year round: 7 a.m. - midnight
Sanford Consortium Shuttle: Weekdays: 7 a.m. - 7 p.m. 
SIO Shuttle:   Weekdays: 6 a.m. - 9 p.m. 



Take advantage of 
UC San Diego Extension’s 
Student Grant Program Vouchers
(First-come, first-served, while vouchers last)

Fall 2014
September 29 – October 3, 2014
 
Winter 2015
November 17th – 21st , 2014
 
Spring 2015
March 2nd – March 6th, 2015

Undergrads - To pick up 
your vouchers, have your 
student ID card and go to 
Extension Student Services 
Center, Building C.

Graduate and medical 
students - please contact 
OGSR and the School 
of Medicine for their 
complimentary vouchers.

Call (858) 534-3400 or visit Extension Student Services, Building C

*Some restrictions apply.

e x t e n s i o n . u c s d . e d u

ucsdgrantvoucherprogram2014.indd   1 8/5/14   2:30 PM



BUSES
Flash your student ID card and get access to San Diego. Thanks to a recently 

passed transportation referendum, for $47 per quarter, students get unlimited 
bus and trolley rides through the new Universal Pass program. Several major 
bus lines connect with campus at the newly redesigned Gilman and Myers bus 
stops between Center Hall and the Gilman Parking Structure. You’ll want to 
familiarize yourself  with the SuperLoop for weekend runs to Ralphs or UTC 
and the 30 which takes you to downtown La Jolla and San Diego. Most routes 
run from early morning to around 10 - 11 p.m., so don’t get caught out too late!

MTS Bus Routes
30: La Jolla Shores and downtown La Jolla
41: Fashion Valley and Vallarta Express Mexican Eatery 
101: Follows the Amtrak route through Solana Beach, 
Del Mar, Oceanside
150: Goes through Old Town to downtown SD
201/202, 204 SuperLoop: UTC and La Jolla Village 
Square

escape off  campus 40



A.S. Safe Rides
Safe Rides is a program by the Associated Stu-

dents in which UCSD students can get free rides 
back to campus from nearby areas such as Pa-
cific Beach, SDSU, Hillcrest and downtown San 
Diego. It’s a great alternative for a DD and let’s 
everyone in on the night’s fun. To sign up, go 
to asucsd.ucsd.edu/saferides for up to three free 
rides per quarter with a UCSD ID card.

Schedule
Tues., Thurs., Fri., Sat.: 
11 p.m. - 3 a.m.
*Does not run on holidays

A Note On Parking:
Between fighting faculty and graduate students for spots and paying ob-

scene fees, parking at UCSD is no easy feat. Short-term passes go for $183 
per quarter and annual passes for $723 per year. Because spaces on campus 
will unfailingly run out by 10 a.m., we suggest you park at the Regents park-
ing lot on the edge of  campus and take the Regents shuttle to Price Center. 
Parking on campus is free overnight on weekends. Even if  public transport 
sounds like a hassle, parking really isn’t any better, so do yourself  a favor and 
leave the car at home your first year.

41 escape off  campus

It’s a big world out here in San Diego; 
here are some highlights. 



A.S. Safe Rides
Schedule
Tues., Thurs., Fri., Sat.: 
11 p.m. - 3 a.m.
*Does not run on holidays

Location, location, location... 
It’s a big world out here in San Diego; 

here are some highlights. 

Downtown La Jolla
It’s guaranteed that a neighborhood is 

out of  the typical college student’s bud-
get when it features a Maserati dealership 
across the street from a Porsche dealer-
ship. Despite its pricey pomp, downtown 
La Jolla does offer plenty for the intrepid 
UCSD student. The readily accessible 
beaches feature (literally) multimillion dol-
lar views of  La Jolla Cove, where you can 
swim, snorkel and kayak. For your brunch 

fix, head to Harry’s Coffee Shop, a La Jolla 
staple since 1960. Its signature B.W. Benny 
— a waffle with bacon cooked inside — 
might just be the cure for whatever ails 
you. While the streets are lined with exorbi-
tantly priced cafes, you’ll get the most bang 
for your buck at the Living Room, which 
features stellar views of  the ocean, or at 
Pannikin, for a superb selection of  tea and 
specialty coffee.

Downtown San Diego
Downtown San Diego has it all: food, 

sights and nightlife. During the day, 
check out the famous San Diego Zoo 
or the 1200-acre Balboa Park, home to 
museums, performing arts venues and 
other cultural attractions. Several of  these 

museums also offer free admissions on 
Tuesdays (the full list can be found at 
balboapark.org/visit/tuesdays). As night 
falls, head over to the historic Gaslamp 
District for an evening of  bars, nightclubs 
and fine dining.

BUS: 30 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers OR North Torrey Pines Road

BUS: 150 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers



43 escape off  campus

Hillcrest/Northpark
Hillcrest is a foodie’s wonderland. With a 

variety of  restaurants ranging from Project 
Pie, where you can build your own pizza, 
to Bread and Cie, home of  the divine Saf-
fron Peach Pie, you’re guaranteed to find 
something that will appease your taste 
buds. Head down 5th for some shopping 
(Flashbacks is a crowd favorite) or to pe-

ruse its assortment of  bars and Landmark 
Movie Theater right around the corner. 
Just down the way from Hillcrest is North 
Park, where you will find even more res-
taurants. Some local favorites include Ran-
chos Cocina, a vegan Mexican restaurant, 
and Claire de Lune, home to great coffee 
and music. 

BUS: 150 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers + 10 South from Old Town Transit Center

Fashion Valley Mall
The Fashion Valley outdoor mall is 

the center of  all San Diegan classiness. 
Though replete with upscale department 
stores best for window shopping, there 
is still plenty to do on a budget. Finding 
new threads at places like Free People or 
American Apparel can work up an ap-
petite, so kick back at the laidback Cafe 
Terrace for plenty of  delectable options. 

If  you’re looking for something a more 
filling than Rubio’s or Muscle Beach Lem-
onade, check out the slightly pricier Love 
Boat Sushi or California Pizza Kitchen. A 
trip to the mall is never complete without 
checking out a new flick, so head on over 
to the AMC Theatre, which features both 
the latest blockbusters and a smattering of  
indie selections.

BUS: 41 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers



BUS: 150 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers + 10 South from Old Town Transit Center

escape off  campus 44

Pacific Beach 
Pacific Beach is yet another one of  San Diego’s great surf  and swim spots. 

One hidden gem here is Cafe 976, a sandwich shop located in a historic, 1920s 
beach house. Grab some fresh produce from the Farmers Market every Satur-
day morning before enjoying the beach for the day, and take a walk down Crystal 
Pier for an excellent view of  the sunset.
BUS: 30 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers OR North Torrey Pines Road

Ocean Beach
Ocean Beach is one of  San Diego’s most eclectic spots; you’ll find anything 

from antique furniture to psychic readings. Here, you can surf, swim or fish on 
the pier. Be sure to visit Ho-Dad’s for the world’s best burgers. If  you’re in the 
mood for something lighter, The Lazy Hummingbird has an excellent acai bowl. 
And for thrifters, Newport Street is the place for you.

Mission Beach
Mission Beach is famous for its lengthy boardwalk — perfect for rollerblad-

ing and biking — and Belmont Park, a small amusement park on the shoreline. 
There, you can ride roller coasters, stuff  your face with cotton candy and jump 
into the ocean. Plus, you’re only minutes away from Mission Bay, where you can 
walk the circumference of  the bay or rent a kayaks and paddleboards.

BUS: 150 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers + 8* SOUTH from Old Town 
Transit Center

BUS: 150 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers + 35* SOUTH from Old Town 
Transit Center

*not supported by bus sticker



45 escape off  campus

Beaches
If there’s anything we’ve got in abundance
in San Diego, it’s beaches. 

Black’s Beach
When UCSD brochures advertise living next to the beach, this is the 

beach they’re talking about. It’s a mere 15-minute walk from campus, 
located below a line of  cliffs that give the beach privacy. The view from 
both beach and cliff  is, of  course, gorgeous. For $150 you can try para-
sailing off  the cliffs, and for nudists, this beach is the place to bare it all.
WALK: Head NORTH on North Torrey Pines Road. Make a LEFT on 
Torrey Pines Scenic Drive. Pass the Cliff Hanger Cafe. Take the STAIR 
PATH down to the sand.



If there’s anything we’ve got in abundance
in San Diego, it’s beaches. 

La Jolla Shores
La Jolla Shores is the ideal San Diego beach. It’s a popular spot for a 

million beach activities: swim, surf, scuba dive, kayak -- it all happens 
here. There’s also a playground, volleyball courts and fire pits for late 
night beach bonding. UCSD’s Welcome Weeks host a few activities here 
(like S’mores at the Shores), so be sure not to miss out!
BUS: 30 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers OR North Torrey Pines Road

Windandsea Beach
Windandsea is a peaceful, quiet surf  spot. Here, you’ll find the clear 

blue water and tide pools of  La Jolla Shores without all the noisy hustle 
and bustle. However, swimmers be warned: the waves break close to the 
shoreline here, so this is not the place for a leisurely dog-paddle.
BUS: 30 SOUTH from Gilman/Myers OR North Torrey Pines Road

escape off  campus 46



C
M

Y

CM

MY

CY

CMY

K

GuardianAdSurvivalGuideSM2014.pdf   1   9/11/14   10:26 AM


