
VOLUME 48, ISSUE 14  THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2014 WWW.UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG

A BRIEF HISTORY
OF EVERYTHING

Stephen Hawking has gained 
renown for his scientific 

theories. We spoke with actor 
Eddie Redmayne and producer/
screenwriter Anthony McCarten 

about portraying Hawking’s 
personal life.

JANET'S  PLAN

SUPRISE  FOR  SOCCER

Tuition  Increases  unfair

Tritons  head  to  ncaa tournament

OpinION,  Page  4

sPORTS,  Page 12

THURSDAY
H 68 L 60

FRIDAY
H 67 L 58

SATURDAY
H 69 L 57

SUNDAY
H 72 L 53

FORECAST

VERBATIM
Follow all 
these steps, 
and you will 
almost cer-
tainly wake 
up with a 
splitting head-
ache, stomachache, nausea 
and light sensitivity. ”

- The Guru
How-to Guru

OPINION, PAGE 4

INSIDE
Briefs .............................. 2
A Couple of Derps ........... 2
Restaurant Review .......... 8
Sudoku ......................... 10
Women’s Volleyball ....... 12

“

weekend,  PAGE 6

U
S

E
D

 W
IT

H
 P

E
R

M
IS

S
IO

N
 F

R
O

M
 F

O
C

U
S

 F
E

AT
U

R
E

S

The UC Office of the President 
announced that it has rescinded its 
plan to cut funding for California’s 
Lick Observatory in a letter to UC 
Observatories Interim Director Claire 
Max on Oct. 29. UCOP will no 
longer require that Lick become self-
sustaining by 2018 and find an entity 
other than UCO to manage it.

Though UCOP will continue 
funding it, Science Magazine reported 
on Nov. 7 that the observatory still 
faces pressure to find other sources 
of funding as its $1.5 million 
annual budget is not nearly enough. 
Additionally, their staff has decreased 
from 24 in 2011 down to 14 currently, 

including those leaving amid the 
uncertainty and others retiring earlier 
than they might have otherwise.

UC Santa Cruz astronomer Garth 
Illingworth argues that Lick’s financial 
woes are indicative of a broader 
funding crisis for the UC observatory 
program. An advisory committee 
recently concluded that the program 
needs approximately $7.7 million from 
UCOP in 2016. This year, it is receiving 
$5 million.

Lick Observatory, opened in 1888, is 
located atop Mt. Hamilton overlooking 
the city of San Jose and is the first 
permanent mountaintop observatory. 
The observatory has helped to prove 
and confirm some of science’s most 
historic theories, including Einstein’s 
theory of relativity and confirming the 
accelerating expansion of the universe. 

Today, Lick’s primary use is to search 
for supernovae and planets in other 
solar systems. It also serves as a testing 
ground for astronomy students and 
new technology.

The aforementioned stipulations 
were stated in a budget letter from 
UCOP to then UCO Interim Director 
Sandra Faber on Sept. 16, 2013. UCOP 
indicated then that knowledgeable 
groups had recommended 
these stipulations and that other 
observatories had multiple, diverse 
funding streams.

UCO leaders at the time had also 
indicated to UCOP that they could 
not operate Lick viably without a very 
significant increase in its funding from 
UCOP. In addition, UC astronomers 

A report published on Oct. 20 in 
the Astrophysical Journal describes 
the recent findings of POLARBEAR, 
a project that UCSD researchers 
collaborated on. The data collected 
provides the most precise and sensitive 
measurements of cosmic microwave 
background polarization to date. 

Researchers have built a new kind 
of instrument, involving cryogenic 
bolometers attached to the focus of 
the Huan Tran Telescope, located 
in Chile’s Atacama Desert. These 
cryogenic receivers are designed to 
measure the very faint variations in 
CMB polarization created through 
gravitational lensing. 

The partial polarization that 
POLARBEAR is studying occurs when 
light, as an electromagnetic wave, has 
more of its electric field oscillating in 
one direction than in another. The 
CBM that POLARBEAR detects has 
been shown to be partially polarized 
and bent in a pattern known as 
B-mode patterns, as it passes through 
the gravitational fields of large clusters 
of mass.

POLARBEAR has been one of the 
first projects to successfully isolate any 
specific B-mode pattern in the sky.  

The findings reported on Oct. 
21 were made within the telescope’s 
first season of observation, a window 
of time lasting from 2012 into early 
2013. The instrument is currently in 
its third season of observation, and 
experiments are currently ongoing. 

These results do not conflict or 
coincide with earlier BICEP2 research, 
according to Dr. Kam Arnold, an 
assistant research scientist involved 
with the project. The two experiments 
measure different signals at different 
angular scales. POLARBEAR 
measures B-mode patterns at a much 
finer resolution; the patterns represent 
a variation on the sky of about one-
tenth of a degree, whereas BICEP2’s 
scales represents a variation of about 
one degree. 

Furthermore, this finer resolution 
avoids the contamination of B-mode 
measurements by cosmic dust, an 
occurrence that has recently cast doubt 
over the previous BICEP2 findings. 
The dry air of the Atacama Desert 
and height of the telescope’s location 
at 17,000 feet farther negate the 
interference of cosmic dust. 

“In the paper, we presented 
an estimate of the contribution of 
dust to our B-mode measurement,” 
Arnold told the UCSD Guardian. “To 
quantify the confidence with which 
we measured cosmic B-modes, we 
removed the estimated contamination 
due to dust and saw that we still 
observed B-modes with 97.2 percent-
confidence.”

UCSD
Researchers 
Collect Cosmic 
Microwave Data

SCIENCE  AND  TECHNOLOGY

UCSD developers have 
a hand in working on 
additions to the Huan Tran 
Telescope in Chile.

BY  Bryn na bo lt
Staff Writer

A.S. Council unanimously passed the 2014–15 budget of more than $3.18 million at the Wednesday, Nov. 5 council meeting after 
approximately five hours of de bate and discussion of 
the proposed budget items.

Vice President Finance and Resources Igor Geyn 
told the UCSD Guardian that this year’s budget is dif-
ferent from past budgets because it is more reflective 
of what is actually being spent. 

“This year, A.S. Council is making a conscious 
effort to be more transparent with and accountable 
for our budget allocations,” Geyn said. “For example, 
the allocations for the Office of External Affairs are 
reflective of the actual costs that the Office has been 
incurring for years, and many of the line items for the 
individual offices are more in line with actual expen-
ditures for past years. Additionally, this budget is very 
conscious of student priorities in the allocations, and 
this is a product of a careful and methodical proposal 
review process.” 

Some of the funds denied to A.S. offices included 
stipendiary positions requested by the directors of the 
offices. One of them was ASUCSD MOVES Director 
Kyle Heiskala’s request for a stipend to be given to the 
MOVES associate director. Another was Associate 
Vice President Student Advocacy Ryan Huyler’s peti-
tion for the creation of a stipendiary technical advo-
cate position. The Office of Academic Affairs also 
took a cut from its A.S. Grants fund.

Geyn said he would handle potential disputes 
resulting from the passage of the budget by discuss-
ing concerns and explaining the logistics behind the 
individual budget items.

“Though we may have debates on the floor, I 
believe that everyone understands the realities of the 
financial situation A.S. Council currently finds itself 
in,” Geyn said. “That being said, my office and I have 
offered ourselves as a resource to secure additional 
sources of funding for the offices that feel their bud-
gets have taken a critical hit. Additionally, I believe 
that encouraging collaboration and coordinated proj-
ects has the capacity to maximize the funds that A.S. 
Council is able to allocate.”

An increase in undergraduate enrollment this 
year provided an increase in student activity fees 
for the budget. However, according to Geyn, higher 
enrollment results in higher operational costs for 
A.S. functions.

“What ended up happening [this year] is that 
most of the offices ended up having to get a boost in 
funding because of that increased need in program-
ming, operating expenses and things of that nature,” 
said Geyn.

One of the predominant parts of the budget 
debate was the issue of mandated reserves. Over the 
past few years, reserves have decreased. Geyn dis-

BY  tina  butoiu  Associate news editor   

Council Passes Annual Budget, 
Increases Student Org Funding

A.S.  COUNCIL

UC  SYSTEM

UC-Owned Observatory Will Maintain Funding
Lick Observatory in San Jose had previously been expected to become self-sufficient by 2018.

BY   Jacky  to
staff writer

See POLARBEAR, page 3

See BUDGET, page 3

See LICK, page 3

$3.2 million
Total budget

$2.36 million
Total expenditure after 
referendum allocation

$22,500
Total A.S. Pancake 
Breakfast spending

$550,000 
Total funding allocated 
for Sun God Festival

$10,000 
A.S. Council President 
annual stipend.

Total A.S. Council 
funds remaining 

after all allocations

$51.35
Student activity fee 
collected quarterly

29%
of fees returned to 
financial aid

NUMBER CRUNCHING: A.S. Council’s 2014–15 budget, passed Nov. 5, reflects a higher total expenditure than in 2013-2014 
as the total number of undergraduate students paying fees increased by over 100. This year’s budget also includes a $53,000 
increase in unallocated funding for student organizations over last year’s budget. We break down the numbers further in an 
editorial on this year’s budget, OPINION, page 4.

$909
$5,250 
Annual stipend for 
Vice Presidents.



 UCSD Health System announced 
on Nov. 10 that both the Hillcrest 
and La Jolla hospitals were two of 
the 790 hospitals to score an A on 
the Hospital Safety Score rating out 
of the approximately 2,500 scored 
biannually. The two hospitals have 
consistently received As since 2012. 

In a Nov. 10 UCSD Health 
System press release, CEO Paul 
Viviano attributed the ratings to the 
hospitals’ employees.

“We are honored and gratified 
that UC San Diego Health System 

has again received Leapfrog’s high-
est grade for patient safety,” said 
Viviano. “These national safety 
scores reflect the deep and continu-
ous commitment of UC San Diego 
Health System employees to provide 
specialized lifesaving care in a safe 
and patient-centered environment.”

The scoring is performed by 
The Leapfrog Group, which uti-
lizes survey data voluntarily pro-
vided by hospitals in the Leapfrog 
Hospital Survey along with national 
performance measures from the 
Agency for Healthcare Research 
and Quality, the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, the 
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid 

Services, the American Hospital 
Association’s Annual Survey and 
Health Information Technology 
Supplement to compile and assign 
ratings of A, B, C or F.

Twenty-eight measures are 
selected by the Leapfrog Blue 
Ribbon Panel, a panel of patient 
care experts who categorize the data 
surveyed into three categories. 

On Nov. 10, Leapfrog President 
and CEO  Leah Binder discussed 
that the purpose of the scores are 
to facilitate the process of patients 
selecting the best places to receive 
care.

“Consumers have largely taken 
the time to educate themselves 

about health care insurance plans 
and pricing,” said Binder in a press 
release. “Now, we need patients to 
take the next step, putting safety 
first for themselves and their fami-
lies and that means seeking out the 
safest hospitals in their area. The 
Hospital Safety Score arms consum-
ers with that information.”

In addition to receiving an A rat-
ing from the Leapfrog Group, UCSD 
Health System was ranked number 
one in the San Diego metropolitan 
area by U.S. News and World Report 
and fifth in California this past July. 

2 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  N E W S

A COUPLE OF DERPS By Elyse Yang

The UCSD Guardian is published Mondays and 
Thursdays during the academic year by UCSD students 
and for the UCSD community. Reproduction of this 
newspaper in any form, whether in whole or in part, 
without permission is strictly prohibited. © 2014, all 
rights reserved. The UCSD Guardian is not responsible 
for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or art. The 
views expressed herein do not necessarily represent 
the opinions of the UCSD Guardian, the University of 
California or Associated Students. The UCSD Guardian 
is funded by advertising. Please read the Guardian 
responsibly,.

General Editorial:  
editor@ucsdguardian.org

News: news@ucsdguardian.org
Opinion: opinion@ucsdguardian.org
Sports: sports@ucsdguardian.org

Features: features@ucsdguardian.org
Lifestyle: lifestyle@ucsdguardian.org

A&E: entertainment@ucsdguardian.org 
Photo: photo@ucsdguardian.org

Design: design@ucsdguardian.org
Art: art@ucsdguardian.org

Advertising: 858-534-3467
ads@ucsdguardian.org

Business Manager
Jennifer Mancano  

Advertising Director 
Audrey Sechrest

Advertising Design 
Alfredo H. Vilano, Jr.
A.S. Graphic Studio 

Zev Hurwitz

Rachel Huang
Lauren Koa

Tina Butoiu
Meryl Press

Lauren Koa

Charu Mehra

Brandon Yu

John Story
Daniel Sung

Sydney Reck

Soumya Kurnool

Jacqueline Kim

Salena Quach

Taylor Sanderson

Alwin Szeto

Joselynn Ordaz

Elyse Yang

Annie Liu

Andrew Huang

Rosina Garcia

Laura Chow

Aleksandra Konstantinovic

Editor in Chief

Managing Editors

 
Associate News Editors
 

Opinion Editor

Associate Opinion Editor

Sports Editor

Associate Sports Editors

Features Editor

Associate Features Editor

A&E Editor

Associate A&E Editor

Photo Editor

Video Editor

Design Editor

Art Editor

Associate Art Editor

Copy Editor

Associate Copy Editor

Social Media Coordinator

Multimedia Editor

Page Layout
Allison Kubo

Copy Readers
Micaela Stone, Kriti Sarin, Andrew Chao

Editorial Assistants
Shelby Newallis, Waverly Tseng, Jonah Yonker

Registration for FALL Qtr is NOW open!

Register online at 
as.ucsd.edu/saferides
A.S. Safe Rides allows registered undergraduate 
students to get 3 FREE rides per quarter.
Students must register at least 24 hours
prior to their first ride. 

A.S. Safe Rides 

asucsd asucsd

#OMG 
#LIKE US
#FOLLOW US
@ucsdguardian

BRIEFS meryl pressassociate news editorBY
▶ UC San Diego Networked Systems 
Team sets World Records

A UCSD team from the Center 
for Networked Systems comprised of 
CNS Associate Director George Porter, 
former CNS Director Amin Vahdat 
and computer science and engineering 
doctoral student Michael Conley set 
three new world records in a data-pro-
cessing competition for academe and 
industry. The team set a world record 
in the 100 Terabyte Daytona Gray Sort 
Category after sorting 100 terabytes in 
less than 23 minutes and also won two 
other world records for their first-ever 
100 Terabyte CloudSort Competition, 
in which all their data processing was 
done on publicly available cloud ser-
vices rather than on dedicated com-
puter clusters. 

Rajesh Gupta, the team chair of 
the CNS department in the Jacobs 
School of Engineering, explained to 
the UCSD News Center that their 
results underline their emphasis 
in creating experimental artifacts 
that advance the state of the art in 
practice based on research done at 
UCSD. 

The team took a two-year hia-
tus from the competition in 2012 
and 2013 because their dedicated 
computer cluster was not sufficient 
to win records. They could either 
spend millions to develop the clus-
ter itself or risk losing and not set-
ting any records, so they, therefore, 
chose to not enter the competition. 

▶ Ocean View Growing Grounds to 

Get Facelift
Local San Diego residents are 

transforming Ocean View Growing 
Grounds, a vacant, 20,000-square-foot 
urban lot that lacks supermarkets, into 
a gathering place for the people to 
grow food, socialize with each other 
and hold projects. OVGG is located 
in the Chollas Creek Watershed where 
many residents lack access to fresh 
fruit and vegetables. Due to this, many 
problems arise such as poverty, obesity 
and environmental degradation that 
pose serious environmental and social 
public health problems. 

UCSD Director of the Urban 
Studies and Planning program Keith 
Pezzoli is an active participant at 
OVGG and aims to make OVGG a 
model for positive social and ecologi-

cal change in underserved areas. The 
research team is developing OVGG 
by introducing technologies such as 
mapping, visualization and scenario-
planning tools to the community in 
hopes to build a network that will 
diminish food disparities. 

Karemah Alhark, president of the 
OVGG neighborhood leadership 
group, explained to UCSD News 
Center that the community’s empow-
erment begins when they become 
self-sufficient and don’t have to eat 
foods that are sub-par. There are now 
two food forests, mimicking wood-
land ecosystems, at the OVGG site. In 
the food forests, there are logs placed 
for people to sit, 15 trees that are 
producing fruit and 14 smaller fruit 
and nut trees.

UC SYSTEM

UCSD Health System Gets an A Rating on Hospital Safety Score
BY ti na  butoi u

Associate news editor

readers can contact

Tina  butoiu  cbutoiu@ucsd.edu

Fax: 858-534-7035



clearly indicated that if funding was 
limited — which it was — then Lick 
would be fourth on their priority list.

In an attempt to prevent Lick 
from closing, UC astronomers and 
corporate entities from the nearby 
Silicon Valley started a “Save Lick” 
campaign, arguing that Lick was still 
equipped to contribute important 
research and that it allowed students to 
pursue projects that couldn’t compete 

for the scarce time available at bigger 
telescopes. Thirty-five members of 
California’s congressional delegation 
supported the campaign by sending a 
letter to UC President Janet Napolitano 
urging her to reconsider.

Additionally, UC Vice President for 
Research and Graduate Studies Steven 
Beckwith, who convened a board that 
recommended cutting Lick’s funding, 
stepped down from this position in July, 
and Claire Max, an astronomer who 
helped design and build instruments 

used at Lick, became UCO’s Interim 
Director in early October.

The pressure and the administrative 
changes all aided the fight to keep Lick 
from closing. In their letter to Max, 
UCOP indicated that they decided to 
rescind their stipulations when UCO 
proposed a new budget for Lick to 
operate with a tighter budget without 
sacrificing other priorities.

The POLARBEAR project is 
currently being expanded from one 
telescope to three and will mount an 
even stronger cryogenic receiver that 
is able to measure CBM polarization in 
multiple spectral bands on each of the 
new telescopes. 

“We hope to measure more than 
half the sky with the precision we 
showed on these small patches of sky 
or better,” Arnold said. “With that data, 
we will be able to answer questions 

about the mass of the neutrino, the 
equation of state of dark energy and 
the physics of an early inflationary 
period in the universe.”

Founded by Professor Adrian Lee 
at UC Berkeley, the collaboration for 
POLARBEAR now consists of 70 
scientists from institutions spanning 
North and South America, Europe 
and Japan. Professors Brian Keating 
and Hans Paar lead the research 
group at UCSD. 

The graduate students involved 
with the project include: Darcy Barron, 

Praween Siritanasak, Frederick 
Matsuda, Martin Navaroli, Tucker 
Elleflot, Logan Howe, David Leon and 
Lindsay Lowrey. 

Former students who collaborated 
on the project include: David Boettger, 
Chang Feng,

Chris Aleman, Kavon Kazemzadeh 
and Brandon Wilson.

The postdoctoral scholars involved 
are Jon Kaufman and Nathan Stebor. 

cussed that his goals this year include 
employing a conservative policy in 
terms of their use.

“This Council will be conducting 
a formal review of the state of the 
Mandate Reserves and issuing a plan of 
action to address the situation,” Geyn 
said. “Also, this Council will ensure to 
not only utilize Mandate Reserves for 
the types of emergencies set forth in 
the Standing Rules that govern their 
use but will also raise the thresholds 

for their use. The status quo cannot be 
allowed to continue, and this council 
will ensure that A.S. Council takes a 
turn toward a more responsible and 
sustainable use of Mandate Reserves.”

The Sun God Festival accounts for 
over half a million dollars of the A.S. 
budget. In regards to how that money 
will be used if the festival is cancelled, 
Geyn said he is working with A.S. 
Associated Vice President Concerts 
and Events Seraphin Raya to develop 
a contingency plan. However, at the 
moment, Geyn said A.S. Council is 

planning on Sun God Festival taking 
place and will determine how to allo-
cate the funds after the Sun God task 
force meets on Nov. 21.

Another item included in the A.S. 
budget was the repayment of debt 
to the UCSD college councils. Geyn 
said this year’s budget would com-
pletely repay the money owed to them 
through a referendum included in the 
budget.

N E W S  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  3

Arabesque
The Mist 
Saturday, November 15th, 2014 / 8pm
Mandeville Auditorium
 Post-Performance ArtTalks!

Buy tickets now!
Student tickets only $12
858.535.TIXS (6497)
Or visit artpwr.com

▶ BUDGET, from page 1

Council Allocates $500k to Sun God Festival Despite Uncertainty

Looking for the 
New Business 

Column?
Now posted every Wednesday 
night, after the A.S. Council 

meeting, online.

readers can contact
Tina  butoiu  cbutoiu@ucsd.edu

▶ POLARBEAR, from page 1

Researchers Hope to Learn More About Early Universal Physics

readers can contact
Brynna  bolt  BBOLT@ucsd.edu

▶ LICK from page 1

A “Save Lick” Campaign Preceded a Change of  Heart for UCOP

readers can contact
jacky to j6to@ucsd.edu



OPINION CONTACT THE EDITORLAUREN  KOAopinion@ucsdguardian.org
4 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

Guarantee
You’ll Have 
the Worst 
Hangover, Ever

Just like it’s inevitable that a 
majority of college students will 
attend a college party at least once 
during their stay here at UCSD, it is 
also highly likely that substances of 
questionable legality (read: alcohol) 
will be present and subsequently be 
consumed. And because as college 
students, our prefrontal cortexes 
are not fully developed, we make 
questionable judgments when it 
comes to the amount of alcohol we 
choose to partake in. 

As such, we have written you 
a step-by-step guide to ensuring 
you have the worst hangover 
ever on every morning after the 
aforementioned parties. 

Step one: Have an empty 
stomach before you go out. Do not, 
under any conditions, eat a proper 
meal before partying. Stick to 
snacks, particularly avoid the deep 
fried and cheesy variety or anything 
that would pair well with the cheap 
alcohol you’re about to consume. 
Make sure to avoid anything that 
could make you feel even a little 
full. Balanced meals with protein, 
starch and vegetables are especially 
discouraged. 

Step two: Drink too much. This is 
almost laughably easy. All you have 
to do is not keep track of how many 
shots you take over the course of the 
night, look away every time someone 
is pouring you a mixed drink and 
make sure to take double shots in 
disposable Dixie cups all night. 

Also, play as many games of 
rage cage and beer pong as possible, 
making sure to play terribly so that 
you can lose and drink all the beer 
that your host has to offer. If possible, 
mix many different types of alcohol 
together and don’t stick to one kind 
for the night (i.e. only drinking dark 
rum). To really prove you’re dedicated 
to your goal, hop up for every keg 
stand until you’re too drunk to form 
coherent sentences.

Step three: Do not stay hydrated. 
Again, this is not hard to do. Don’t 
drink water for at least a full day 
before you go out partying and 
refuse water whenever offered at the 
party itself. When you get home, 
don’t even think about finishing 
off the contents of the water bottle 
on your desk. Go straight to bed, 
preferably without washing make-up 
off your face, if you’re wearing any. 
As an added bonus, don’t consume 
any bread or carbohydrates before 
you sleep. These will only act as a 
safeguard against potential nausea 
the morning after and detract 
from your goal of having the worst 
possible hangover. 

Follow all these steps, and you 
will almost certainly wake up with 
a splitting headache, stomachache, 
nausea and light sensitivity. You 
won’t be at all motivated to get 
out of bed, let alone go outside 
and accomplish things. If you do 
succeed, make sure not to take a 
couple advils for the headache or 
to have a hot cup of tea and a light 
breakfast to settle your stomach — 
or simply keep drinking! Bloody 
Marys and mimosas are a brunch 
staple for a reason. We guarantee 
that it will absolutely be the worst 
morning you have ever had!

 
Editor’s Note: If you do plan to 
follow our “helpful” advice or get 
terribly drunk, please remember 
to never drink and drive. Always 
party safely and responsibly. 

How-to
Guru
opinion@ucsdguardian.org

ILLUSTRATION BY ELYSE YANG

See TUITION, page 5

Associated Students’ Proposed Budget Is Flawed

With Week 6 almost out of the way, it is once again time to break 
down the A.S. budget. Taking 
a look at a proposed budget for 
this past summer, A.S. Council 
did an excellent job balancing the 
Summer 2014 funding under the 
capable direction of Vice President 
of Finance and Resources Igor 
Geyn. However, merely balancing 
its budget doesn’t let A.S. Council 
off the hook regarding the flagrant 
misallocation of its allotted funds; 
it must still answer for several 
misuses of large portions of its 
money.

More than a few items on the 
budget have questionable utility 
to both the student body and A.S. 
functions. A prime example is A.S. 
Council’s obsession with flapjacks. 
Of the $27,950 in student fees that 
go to the Campus Affairs Office, a 
whopping $22,500 is dedicated to the 
quarterly A.S. Pancake Breakfasts. 
We wonder whether it really takes 
$22,500 to make pancakes. This 
leaves only $5,450 for far more vital 

functions within A.S. Council, such 
as leadership development, the 
council retreat and A.S. visibility. 
A.S. Council is only hurting itself by 
indulging in its quarterly dough fest.

Disparity in stipends is another 
issue. A.S. President Robby Boparai 
receives a stipend of $10,000 — 
nearly double that of the rest of 
his cabinet. With total funding 
of $174,738, this means that he 
pockets over 5 percent of the A.S. 
budget. Boparai should definitely 
consider taking a pay cut and 
sending that money to more useful 
programs, like student organization 
funding. 

On the flip side of the stipend 
disparity, the UCSD Guardian 
learned that the A.S. MOVES 
Transportation Commission has 
seen large slashes to its budget. 
MOVES is arguably one of the 
more valuable organizations in 
A.S. Council; it has produced 
several successful projects in the 
past year under Director of Urban 
Development and Transportation 
Kyle Heiskala. Most notably, Spring 

Quarter 2014 saw the passing of the 
transportation referendum, which 
put to rest an 18-month fight over 
the issue. 

In light of these successes, the 
fact that A.S. Council is willing to 
cut funding to an organization that 
holds such widespread influence 
across campus is a troubling sign 
for potential future projects from 
MOVES and other groups like it. 
With cuts like these, completion of 
projects like a bike sharing program 
and a summer bus program might 
now be in jeopardy. If these cuts are 
to see the light of day, A.S. Council 
needs to realize that groups like 
MOVES that are actively improving 
campus must retain funding equal 
to, if not more than, they had 
enjoyed in previous years.

The lesson is this: Too much 
money is going toward pancake 
breakfasts and keeping its 
president happy. A.S. Council has 
been responsible with its money 
so far, but if it wants to remain 
sustainable, it needs to be smarter 
with it.

Zev Hurwitz
EDITOR IN CHIEF

Rachel Huang
MANAGING EDITOR

Lauren Koa
MANAGING EDITOR 

OPINION EDITOR

Charu Mehra
ASSOCIATE OPINION EDITOR

Meryl Press
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

Tina Butoiu
ASSOCIATE NEWS EDITOR

 
Aleksandra Konstantinovic

MULTIMEDIA EDITOR

EDITORIAL BOARD

The UCSD Guardian is published twice weekly at the 
University of California at San Diego. Contents © 2014. 
Views expressed herein represent the majority vote of the 
editorial board and are not necessarily those of the UC 
Board of Regents, the ASUCSD or the members of the 

Guardian staff. 

The UC Board of Regents is considering a plan to hike tuition to over $15,000 in the next five years, leaving us unsurprised but certainly disappointed that our administration has the 
fiscal sense of a 9-year-old asking for more allowance. 

The increase has been nauseatingly predictable ever since the 
regents did not receive as much funding as they would have liked 
from this year’s state budget. The funding gap was only furthered 
by Gov. Brown recently vetoing a bonus of $50 million that had 
been granted to fix up University of California facilities, leading 
many to fret that the state is disinvesting from its own higher 
education system.

And while it’s true that the state should be the number 
one investor in the UC system over private donors, the UC 
administration is equally responsible for managing funding in a 
sustainable way — and shaking down undergraduates by their 
ankles for more tuition does not meet the criteria. 

The administrative pouting over the vetoed $50 million is the 
first unsustainable behavior to criticize because the saliency of our 
budget should not depend on tentative bonuses, and the sum is 
overall paltry in a budget of over $2 billion.  

However, the reaction from the regents over the veto is telling of 
why the fight for funding has escalated to this degree. In his term 
in office, Gov. Brown dangled the promise of additional funding in 
front of the UC system if the administration could keep its hands in 
its own pockets. 

Now, the administration is retaliating at the state’s overreaching 
and underfunding, and students are being used as pawns in the 
contest. The tinkling match between the two entities needs to be 
resolved through a cooperative effort to improve the UC system 
with both more investment on the government’s side and better 
management on the school’s part.

Exploiting students and using their outrage as a bargaining tool 
is decidedly not a reasonable part of the process.

To add insult to injury, the regents proposed last month a 
plan to fund a $250 million endowment for investing in start-up 
businesses called UC Ventures. It became immediately clear that 
UC Ventures was not a replacement for tuition hikes, despite the 
possibility of profits in the millions. 

Since the endowment will focus on businesses that stem from 
research done on campus, it seems students will work the low-paid 

The proposed raises to undergraduate tuition will harm students, while lining the 
pockets of  already wealthy administrators and UC Regents.

Fishing For Cash 



research positions that make UC 
Ventures possible, paying more 
to attend the university yet seeing 
none of the profit spent on their 
immediate educational needs.

The UC Regents should be further 
embarrassed by the fact that news 
of the tuition plan came only days 
after the announcement of expanded 
benefits for its top-tier employees 
which already include housing, car 
stipends and salaries well into the 
$600,000 to $800,000 range. 

The increase in tuition will be 
used to pay for retirement benefits 
and expanded employee salaries. 
To no one’s surprise, the campus 
officials who stand to gain from 

such an expansion have already 
penned a letter of support for 
the tuition increases. Apparently 
what is and what is not considered 
a modest tuition raise looks 
different when your home, car and 
retirement are paid for.

Tuition increases are not 
the reliable flow of income the 
UC system claims it needs. By 
overburdening students, the 
administration is encouraging 
them to choose schools outside of 
the UC system and even outside 
the state, diminishing the base of 
students who can contribute to the 
state’s economy and will eventually 
pay the taxes that keep the school 
system afloat.

The only form of concession in 

the regents’ plan is that scheduled 
tuition raises will likely preclude 
unscheduled and exorbitant 
increases in their place. However, 
consenting to any kind of increase 
without a fight opens the door to 
further raises of tuition and fees 
down the line.

UC students’ last recourse is a 
demonstration against the actions 
of the university, in spite of the fact 
that administrators have said that no 
amount of student input will change 
their decision. It’s the final nail in the 
coffin to be told that student opinion 
has no value in the operations of 
the university, and that revelation 
should be enough to spur the kind 
of anger we need to affect change in 
the future.

O P I N I O N  T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  5

LA JOLLA INSTITUTE

         (Volunteers from Japan)
ALLERGY RESEARCH STUDY 

Do you suffer
from ALLERGIES?

We are looking for people that have allergies such as stuffy nose, 
watery eyes, sneezing, or asthma. We are also looking for healthy, 
non-allergic volunteers. You must have lived in Japan for at least 5 
years. The focus of this research study is to learn how seasonal 

pollens from Japan induce allergies. We hope to better understand 
how the immune system causes allergies and why non-allergic 

people don’t get sick.

If eligible, generally in good health, 18-65 years of age, and have 
lived in Japan for at least 5 years, you will be asked to provide a 

blood donation (similar to what is provided at a blood bank). You will 
be compensated $100 for your time and trouble. 

 

Contact our study coordinator at (858) 
752-6979 or email (study@lji.org), and 

mention the Sette-Allergy study to find 
out more information.

Have you lived in JAPAN?
Did you get
HAY FEVER? • are generally healthy,

with no known diseases
• are willing to donate blood

• weigh at  least 110 lbs.
• are between the ages of 18-65

• are non-smokers (past or present)
• have no history of substance abuse

We are conducting a research study to analyze the 
immune system, of healthy people to understand how 

genetic factors affect the function of immune cells.  
We are looking for volunteers who:

Qualified participants will be asked to provide 
information regarding their medical history and will 

be compensated up to $300 for their time and 
donating blood.

Are you a

If you would like more information 
or think that you may be eligible for 

this study, please call our study 
coordinator at(858) 752-6979 or 

email study@liai.org

HEALTHY PERSON?

FUNGLY By Kyle Trujillo

Increasing Tuition Is Not a Reliable Source of  Income for the UC System
▶ TUITION, from page 4

Like us on Facebook

@UCSDGUARDIAN

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER

facebook.com/
ucsdguardian



A&E EDITOR // JACQUELINE KIM 
ENTERTAINMENT@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORG
LIFESTYLE EDITOR // NILU KARIMI
LIFESTYLE@UCSDGUARDIAN.ORGWEEKEND

It’s only November and I already feel the presence of winter, which kind of freaks me 
out because I’ve never experienced 
a real winter. Now that I no longer 
live in Southern California, the 
whole “winter is coming,” “Game 
of Thrones” fear has become much 
like the characters in the first sea-
son, where I feel the need to talk 
about it all the time. It doesn’t get 
as cold in Bologna as it does in 
other parts of Northern Europe, 
but it’s definitely colder than Los 
Angeles or San Diego, the only two 
places where I’ve ever lived. In all 
honesty, the cold is not unbearable 
with the right coats and scarves, 
but I still can’t get over the fact that 
when I look at the weather app on 
my phone, it says 7 degrees (even if 
it is in Celsius).

The upside about cold weather 
is that I can finally try some of the 
cute fall outfit ideas that I always 
see on Pinterest. It’s actually kind of 
a must because if there’s anything 
I’ve noticed, it’s that almost, if not 
all, Italians are inherently fashion-
able, meaning that walking out 
of the house in a sweatshirt and 
sweatpants is highly frowned upon. 
The fashion culture makes sense 
though. I mean with the long-
standing history of Italian fashion 
designers like Versace, Prada, Gucci 
and Armani, it’s only fitting that 
high fashion would transcend from 
the runway to the streets. I am no 
fashionista, but since my time here, 
I’ve taken on the role of cultural 
anthropologist, observing how 
Italians do the things that they do 
and “piano” I’m learning how to 
dress like an Italian: fashionable 
and for the season.

“Prima regola” (first rule): Don’t 
leave the house with wet hair. I 
learned this on the first 75-degree 
day in October after three straight 
days of rain, when I was so excited 
about the weather that I left the 
house in summer wear and sop-
ping wet hair. Whilst walking the 
streets of Bologna, I felt the stares 
of others judging my outfit choice, 
as they were all still dressed for the 
rainy weather, wrapped in scarves 
and chic coats. I later asked my 
Italian housemate why everyone is 
still wearing fall clothes if it’s warm 
and also if it’s socially acceptable to 
leave the house with wet hair. She 
looked at me oddly and said that 
they’re dressed for fall because it’s 
fall and that I should never leave 
the house with wet hair because 
it’ll make me sick. I don’t know if I 
really buy into either of those ideas, 
but it seems like that’s just the way 
things are here. “Seconda regola” 
(second rule): Flip-flops are only to 
be worn at the beach. Italians like 
wearing real shoes, the complete 
opposite of Californians, who like 
wearing flip-flops everywhere. 
“Terza regola” (third rule): Wear 
scarves regardless of the season. It 
doesn’t matter if it’s hot out, Italians 
will still wear scarves, just made 
out of a lighter material. “Regola 
finale:” Wear layers and bundle up. 
I’m slowly learning that you can 
still wear your summer clothes dur-
ing fall if you dress in layers.

Though I am nowhere near 
fashionista status, hopefully with 
time and the help of my trusted 
Italian housemate, I’ll be able to 
master my Italian look and avoid 
the dreaded “brutta figura” (bad 
impression) as the over-casual 
American.

ARTS   |   FOOD & DRINK   |   LIVING   |   FILM  &  TV   |   MUSIC   |   THINGS  TO  DO

Solving the 
hawking  

equation
WRITTEN BY DIETER JOUBERT

SENIOR STAFF WRITER

One of the most versatile actors 
of his age, Eddie Redmayne  — 
along with screenwriter and pro-

ducer Anthony McCarten — spoke 
about their Stephen Hawking flick.

E ddie Redmayne seems to have been on the cusp of making it big in the film industry for several years now. Receiving fresh inter-est after a wonderful performance as Marius Pontmercy in 2012’s 
adaptation of “Les Miserables,” Redmayne is finally making the massive 
leap to stardom, taking on the role of famed theoretical physicist and 
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis sufferer, Stephen Hawking, in a new biopic 
called “The Theory of Everything.” With Anthony McCarten, screen-
writer and novelist of 2011’s superb “Death of a Superhero” in charge of 
the screenplay and production, the film has already started to receive 
plenty of Oscar buzz, especially for Redmayne’s performance. The 
UCSD Guardian caught up with Redmayne and McCarten to talk about 
this new film based on the memoir of Hawking’s ex-wife, Jane.

Guardian: Anthony, where did your interest in Stephen Hawking’s life 
come from?

Anthony McCarten: It started in 1998, when I and 10 million others 
went out and bought his book [“A Brief History of Time”] and tried to 
read it and understand it. Not many of us got through it and managed 
to understand everything. It probably goes down in history as one of the 
great unread books. But what was clear was he was an extraordinary, 
one-of-a-kind person and his ideas were awakening in a generation who 
desired to ask the bigger questions: Why are we here, when did the uni-
verse begin, what is the nature of time? And nobody had really posed 
those questions quite so captivatingly at that point.

G: When you met with the Hawkings, how receptive were they, espe-
cially Jane?

AM: She was cautious — she viewed me with the correct level of cir-
cumspection you should have for anybody showing up at your door 
saying, “I want to make a movie of your life.” She, however, was very 
gracious: She invited me in, and I sat in her living room, and I pitched 
this movie to her. This was in 2004; I’d just read her memoir. It was just 
one of those moments in my creative life where I thought, This project 
won’t just come to me. I have to go and get it.” So I went to visit her and 
she let me in, and at the end of the conversation, she didn’t give me what 
I wanted, which was to option her book and get the film rights, but 
she did say, “Look — go write your script. I’ll read it and then we’ll talk 
again.” And this began a process which went on for another eight years 
before she finally signed over the rights.

G: Eddie, how did you mentally and physically prepare to take on such a 
complicated role?

Eddie Redmayne: When I got cast, I basically had four months before 
filming started. If you’re lucky enough to play somebody like Stephen, I 
basically tried to immerse myself in all dimensions of his life. So I tried 
to educate myself on the science in the one sense … but really, learning 
about ALS was incredibly important, so I went to a neurology clinic 
… and I would go every week or two over that period and meet with a 
specialist there and she would introduce me to people there suffering 
from this really brutal disease … and some of them would invite me to 
their homes, so you could see not only the physical effects of ALS but 
also the emotional ones [as well as] the extraordinary humor, the amaz-
ing passion for life that many people that suffer from this disease have 
… So I tried to educate myself on the illness … and then finally it was 
meeting Stephen and Jane … and Stephen and Jane’s children. That was 

the last element — that happened just before we started filming. I tried 
to approach it in a three-dimensional kind of way.
 
G: What was the best part about shooting in Cambridge, your alma 
mater?

ER:  Oh, it was amazing. It was deepened by the fact that I spent three 
years of university there when I was younger, and I had the most won-
derful time, and it’s just magical.
But getting to go back there, when we went to go see Jane and Stephen 
before we started filming, they live in Cambridge and have for a long, 
long time and the film feels really part of the fabric about what the uni-
versity is ... When you’re at university, you’re so in the thick of it, and 
you’re working so hard, that it’s quite difficult sometimes to have a time-
out moment. It was only when we were shooting the May ball scene that 
I looked back and realized what a wonderful time that was.

G: Anthony, what were the most challenging and rewarding experiences 
you had making this film?

AM: The challenge of making the film was doing justice to this incred-
ible one of a kind love story. It’s an unusual one and it asks the audience 
to go on a very unusual journey that it’s not used to taking. So it was 
remarkable to watch [director] James [Marsh] and the actors navigate 
that, all those challenges. One of the most gratifying things was when 
we finished making the film, Stephen Hawking came to see it, and when 
the film finished, he had tears coming down his cheeks. And I was sit-
ting very close to him, and I watched the nurse wipe tears from his 
cheeks.

G: Was it difficult to include humor in such a serious story?

AM: I try to include humor in all my work because all our lives embody 
some balance of humor and seriousness. And if you’re going to make 
anything life-like, you have to have humor in there. Also, Stephen 
Hawking is a very witty guy with a fantastic sense of humor, so it was 
incumbent on me to create his on-screen character to make sure there 
was regular humor in there. And this is one of the great joys of work-
ing with this: Some of the humor came from historical fact, and some 
I created, but I think it was the type of humor Stephen was effortlessly 
capable of creating.

G: Eddie, how do you feel about all the Oscar buzz you’re receiving?

ER: When both Felicity [Jones] and I were cast in the film, there was 
a millisecond of euphoria that you’re privileged enough to play this 
part, but it was also followed by a deep sense of responsibility because 
ultimately we knew that Jane and Stephen and [the Hawkings’ friend] 
Jonathan [Hellyer Jones] and the children were going to see the film. It’s 
their lives — they would be the ultimate in reviewers and so Felicity and 
I, without realizing it, [had] our shoulders pretty tense and hunched for 
about seven, eight, nine months. When we finally saw it with Jonathan, 
and the children saw it, and of course Stephen saw it … for us, that was 
pretty wonderful of an award and our shoulders could sink and relax a 
bit. I feel like their story is an extraordinary one, and for the buzz — I’m 
worked about the term “buzz” because it’s so ephemeral … so I don’t 
really invest in that really or think about it too much. But if it encour-
ages people to see the film, of course it’s a lovely feeling.

Italy, Brace 
Yourself: 
Winter Is 
Coming 

 Shelby NewaLlis  snewalis@ucsd.edu
VINO AND VISAS



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  7

FREE ADMISSION FOR COLLEGE STUDENTS

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 15

Join in the ultimate college tailgate with competive 
games, racing on the track and football on the big 
screens. Bring your college ID and your A-game!

 D.J. Battles, Libations, Cornhole and more!

 Free Del Mar logo ping pong balls!

 Free concert admission*

 At the racetrack concert area 

 Gates open at 10:30 a.m.

For more info, visit DelMarScene.com

Featuring

IRATION 
WITH VOKAB KOMPANY 
AND B-SIDE PLAYERS

*

*Concerts are 18 and up shows. Pre-paid tickets, complimentary tickets and season passes  
  will not be accepted for concert admission after the last race.   

The “damaged genius biopic” is a curious genre to emerge within the 
last 15 years, spurred on by the 
incredible success of 2001’s “A 
Beautiful Mind.” Numerous films 
have since mimicked its tropes 
through biographing other figures 
of import, often involving love 
triangles, explaining scientific 
phenomena via everyday activities 
and objects and tying the whole 
affair up with a reaffirming message 
of hope and love.

“The Theory of Everything” is 
no different, providing an overlook 
of the life of famous physicist and 

amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis 
sufferer Stephen Hawking (Eddie 
Redmayne). From his days as a 
graduate student at Cambridge, 
still free of the disease, to his rise in 
fame as a popular scientist, a good 
section is devoted to his marriage 
to — and subsequent divorce from 
— Jane Hawking (Felicity Jones), a 
fellow Cambridge student.

Unfortunately, “The Theory of 
Everything” does very little to set 
itself apart from the biopic genre. 
Indeed, it seems intent on utilizing 
as many cliches as it possibly can, 
from an incredibly hamfisted and 
drawn-out love triangle to stylized 

“home video”-type sequences 
meant to engage the viewer (or 
something).

In one of its cheesiest 
gimmicks, Hawking, now severely 
crippled by ALS, attempts to put 
on a sweater free of his wife’s 
aid. Unable to do so, his head 
tangled up, he peers through 
the sweater’s thin holes at the 
fireplace which results in a sudden 
“Eureka!” moment regarding black 
holes. Such a lack of subtlety and 
a strange disregard to actually 
convey the import and impact of 
Dr. Hawking only exacerbate an 
already muddled script.

Regardless of its major flaws, 
though, “Theory” is quite a good 
film, simply due to one factor: 
an absolutely powerhouse of a 
performance by Redmayne. To 
summarize how good he is, even 
his depiction of Hawking as a 
disability-free Cambridge student 

still conveys the feeling that one is 
watching Hawking, despite never 
having seen any video of Hawking 
as a young, wheelchair-free man.

As Hawking’s ALS symptoms 
increase, Redmayne keeps pace 
masterfully, especially at moments 
when pushing Dr. Hawking’s 
increasing physical frailty could 
lurch the performance into 
caricature. Walking the delicate 
line between underplay and parody, 
Redmayne turns a flawed script 
into a tender depiction of a flawed 
genius.

Jones also adds considerably 
to the film as Hawking’s wife, 
Jane. While the film doesn’t spend 
much time developing her as 
a fully-fledged individual, she 
does a wonderful job handling 
emotionally intense scenes with 
poise. As a counterpoint to 
Hawking, both in her views of 
religion and in being disability-

free, she serves as a conduit to 
the audience for Redmayne’s 
physical acrobatics. As Hawking’s 
plight worsens, Jones’ depiction 
of the challenges a spouse with a 
disabled partner faces is quiet and 
deliberate, lending dignity to Jane’s 
struggle without making it seem 
simple or easy.

“The Theory of Everything” 
seems destined to be relegated 
to the group of films that receive 
mighty praise for a performance 
and performance alone — like the 
not too dissimilar “My Left Foot” 
with Daniel Day Lewis. It’s true 
that there’s not much brilliance to 
be found in this script, yet with 
Redmayne at the helm, even the 
forcefully inserted “message of 
hope” ending can bring a tear to 
the eye.

—     dieter joubert
senior staff WRITER

Directed by James Marsh
Starring  Eddie Redmayne, Felicity Jones, Charlie Cox, Emily Watson 
Rated PG-13
Release Date Nov. 7

Despite a weak script, this biopic narrowly suc-
ceeds thanks to an Oscar-worthy performance.

FILM   REVIEW

A
LL

 P
H

O
TO

S
 U

S
E

D
 W

IT
H

 P
E

R
M

IS
S

IO
N

 F
R

O
M

 F
O

C
U

S
 F

E
AT

U
R

E
S

The Theory of EVERYTHING



8     T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  WEEKEND

ON SALE NOW! 
MERCHANDISE 

to.ucsd.edu 

How do we

11.14.14 ??
With the latest designs, of course!

?

#MoreThanAShirt

$18 $18 $25

asleep  versions
by  jon  hopkins

ALBUM  REVIEW

Release Date Nov. 11

Hopkins reinvents his hits in a sleep-inducing EP.

One may associate elec-tronic music with colorful lights, wild dancing and 
fierce fist-pumping. However, with 
English musician Jon Hopkins’ 
new EP “Asleep Versions,” all three 
connotations do not apply. This EP 
touches upon the softer and more 
ambient side to electronica, steer-
ing away from the popular EDM 
sound. Unfortunately, the idea 
behind this EP is a bit better than 
its actual execution. 

Though Hopkins produced 
multiple film scores, including for 
“The Lovely Bones” and worked 
on songs with Coldplay and The 
XX, he truly made a name for him-
self after the release of his fourth 
album “Immunity” in June 2013.  
“Asleep Versions” is described by 
Domino Recording Company to 
be the “decelerated, dreamlike re-
imaginings” of a few of the tracks 
from “Immunity.” The chill factor 
that Hopkins is known for still lives 
on but is taken to another level 
with this 25-minute EP. 

The opening six-minute track 
slowly beings with keyboard play-
ing and indecipherable vocals. 
About halfway into the song, the 
traditional stabs of electronic 
music commence and singer-
songwriter King Creosote makes 
his appearance. The lyrics are 
incomprehensible and the volume 
levels of the instruments fluctuate, 
making the piece too disorganized 
to enjoy. However, the relaxing 
sound of waves helps the song flow 
effortlessly into the next track that 
thankfully has a catchier rhythm. 
“Form by Firelight,” his most dis-
tinguished piece, includes the icon-

ic use of legato piano playing and 
the wobble bass, the primary sound 
in dubstep music. The following 
two songs are very similar to the 
first because of their loose struc-
tures, making them easily forgetta-
ble. However, the subtle sounds of 
rain falling and train tracks found 
in scattered parts of each song give 
the EP an overall sense of unity.

When compared to “Immunity,” 
the EP falls short not only because 
it isn’t as memorable, but also 
because it doesn’t tell a story like 
its predecessor. The fact that it is 
a reflection of Hopkins’ dreams 
explains why it’s so messy. The lack 
of structure may be intentional, but 
it downgrades his melodies to mere 
background music.

However, if you’re searching for 
something to help you relax dur-
ing your midterm study breaks (or 
something to mourn with you after 
taking your midterms), this EP is 
perfect. Hopkins utilizes the beau-
tiful sounds of nature and soothing 
vibrations quintessential to his 
unique music style. 

“Asleep Versions” definitely sets 
itself apart from the stereotypical, 
upbeat sounds of electronica music 
but uses an excessive amount of 
repetitive noises and prolonged, 
empty gaps that only squanders 
the listener’s interest. Depending 
on how tired you are, this EP can 
either make you fall in love with 
sleep and the jumbled dreams that 
accompany it or just make you fall 
asleep. 

—     ana  magallanes  
Contributing writer

With affordable prices, good food and an ideal location, it is no sur-
prise that the line at Kono’s Cafe 
in Pacific Beach is always out the 
door. The cafe, which has been in 
business since 1991, is right on the 
beach with an outdoor patio boast-
ing views of the ocean and Crystal 
Pier. Only a few streets away from 
Grand Avenue and a block from 
Baked Bear, Kono’s is in a central 
part of Pacific Beach.  As a result, 
parking isn’t easy to find, but Kono’s 
Cafe is definitely worth the walk. 

It comes as little surprise that 
Kono’s is decorated with pictures 
of waves and surfboards to match 
its beach locale.  Seating inside is 
limited given how small the place 
is and doesn’t offer many views of 
the beach, so most customers try 
to find a table on the perpetually 
crowded patio.  Some customers 
opt out of competing for a seat and 

order their food to-go, choosing 
to eat on the beach or somewhere 
along the boardwalk instead. It 
does take some time to order 
because of the constant line of 
people out the door; however, once 
you place your order, it takes little 
time for a server to place a gener-
ous portion of steaming hot food in 
front of you.  

The pancake, bacon and scram-
bled egg plate is a good option 
because it allows you to sample a 
bit of everything. The scrambled 
eggs are cheesy and fluffy, the 
bacon manages to be crispy without 
being overcooked and you get two 
pancakes that come with butter 
already on top of them. Given the 
generous portion sizes, it is not 
easy to finish a plate by yourself. 
If you have the option to split with 
someone, try the Big Breakfast 1. It 
includes eggs cooked any way you 
want them, bacon, an English muf-
fin, pancakes and Kono’s potatoes. 
These aren’t your typical potatoes 

either: They’re diced and cooked 
with cheese and green peppers. If 
neither of these dishes suits your 
taste, the cafe offers four differ-
ent types of breakfast burritos, an 
egg and bacon breakfast sandwich 
and French toast is always an 
option if you don’t want pancakes. 
Unfortunately, the menu itself isn’t 
very large, so if you’re looking for 
breakfast foods beyond the typical 
eggs bacon and pancakes, you’re out 
of luck. The cafe serves lunch, but 
like the breakfast menu, options are 
limited and stick to basics like sand-
wiches, burgers and salads.

Besides the good food and 
scenic location, another draw of 
Kono’s Cafe is the atmosphere, 
which comes from the fact it is a 
local eatery rather than another 
breakfast chain. The food isn’t 
fancy and the menu isn’t complicat-
ed. Still, you get good, basic food, 
friendly staff and a chance to enjoy 
an affordable meal.  

The best places for the most important meal of the day.

BY MONICA MCGILL
 STAFF WRITER

What’s for Breakfast?

HOURS:
Mon. to Fri.: 7 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Sat. & Sun.: 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. 

LOCATION:
704 Garnet Avenue
San Diego, CA 92109

KONO’S CAFE

$



WEEKEND T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  9

Every year, hordes of San Di-egans make their way through the small yet charming town 
of Encinitas, eager to browse the 
infinite booths of the Fall Festival. A 
portion of US Highway 101 surren-
ders itself to the crowd and trans-
forms into a wonderland packed to 
the rim with over 400 unique retail 
and food and beverage booths from 
all over the county. This little corner 
of the world is the perfect place to 
get in some holiday shopping and 
taste that falafel sandwich you’ve 
been dying to try.

Smoke rises from the barbeque, 
a sure sign that fresh corn is sizzling 
under the expert hands of chefs 
well-versed in the art of outdoor 
cooking. The line for the tamale 

stand curves all the way around 
the blow-up jumpy where restless 
children are living it up — which is 
understandable, considering those 
are some of the best darned tamales 
in San Diego. But no one minds the 
wait because the band in the Lum-
beryard Courtyard has just picked 
up tempo — what, you thought this 
was just a shopaholic’s paradise? 
Think again. This festival is chock-
full of food, art and entertainment, 
one of which is sure to catch your 
eye.

This year’s entertainment 
includes Semisi & FulaBula, a local 
band with South Pacific influences, 
as well as the Bayou Brothers, an 
energetic Zydeco Blues band, so 
don’t forget to bring your danc-

ing shoes. Or enjoy the rhythm 
from a distance as you navigate 
through the multitude of intricately 
designed jewelry, scarves, hats and 
headbands, most of which are one-
of-a-kind crafts produced by small 
businesses.

These vendors offer more than 
just a factory-made vanilla candle; 
you can guarantee your candle 
is the result of a special recipe, 
handed down from generation to 
generation — not to mention it’ll 
come in a hand-painted holder. 
But perhaps, more importantly, 
you’ll have the chance to converse 
with the artisan who created the 
product, as it will go directly from 
his hands to yours.

The Encinitas Fall Festival is a 

strong proponent of small business-
es, which is a part of what attracts 
patrons in the first place; support 
for local businesses establishes a 
greater sense of community, and 
that’s really all these folks are after. 
So if you’re looking for a new way 
to spend your Sunday, take a quick 
trip up the coast and become a part 
of this colorful community.

 
 

 —     nilu  karimi 
lifestyle editor

Location US Highway 101, 
Encinitas, CA (between J Street 
and D Street)
Dates  Sunday, Nov. 23 from 9 a.m. 
to 4 p.m.
Transportation 20 minutes by car 
or Bus Route 101 North

Feeling some post-
vendor fair blues? The 
Encinitas Fall Festival is 
just around the corner, 
ready with all the retail 
therapy you need.

up  &  coming: Encinitas Fall Festival

PHOTO FROM ENCINITAS 101 MAIN STREET ASSOCIATION



10 T H E  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T H U R S D AY,  N O V E M B E R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  W W W. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  C L A S S I F I E D S

CLASSIFIEDS $Guardian Classi�eds are FREE for the UC San Diego community. VISIT www.ucsdguardian.org/classifieds
BOATS

A 48’ Mikelson 48 1988 - 48’ Mikelson, 
1989, two staterooms, two heads, AIR 
CONDITIONING, Outriggers, Watermaker, 
CAT power, Caribe 11’ Dinghy with slip in 
Coronado, CA. Listing ID: 94268194 at ucs-
dguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

NISSAN!! 6 HP NISSAN OUTBOARD 4 
STROKES AS NEW - Hard to find long shaft, 
very light, pre-owned 1 time as kicker 
Listing ID: 94268193 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

CENTER CONSOLE OPTIONS, ADD A 
CENTER CONSOLE TO UR BOAT, STEERING 
- Several options to convert your boat to 
a middle console. Would apply to dinghies 
too, inflatable’s Listing ID: 94268192 at ucs-
dguardian.org/classifieds for more infor-
mation

FREE
Win $15 San Diego Amazon.com Gift Card - 
Whether you are in the market for running 
shoes, cross training shoes, snow boots or 
rain boots, Amazon has your feet covered. 
Choose from an extensive line of shoes 
from the top brand names, including Puma, 
Saucony and Reebok. Listing ID: 95151595 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

Win $15 San Diego CVS Pharmacy Gift 
Card - Do you have an upcoming trip or 
are you planning a weekend picnic/beach 
day? If so, your San Diego CVS Pharmacy 
has all of your snack needs covered. Choose 
from gummy candy, nuts, chips and more. 
Your San Diego CVS Pharmacy also has a 
great deal of healthy snack items, including 
raisins, sunflower seeds and protein bars. 
Listing ID: 94550733 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Win $15 Gift Card to a San Diego Starbucks 
- Are you in the mood to try something new 
this week? If so, your San Diego Starbucks 
has you covered. Their new vanilla spice 
latte will warm you up on those cold 
California winter days and leave you feel-
ing great all day long. Listing ID: 94440911 
at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds for more 
information

AUTO
2007 Honda Accord – Options Include, 16” 
Alloy Wheels, Sunroof, 6CD/ MP3 Changer 
With Aux, Woodgrain Interior Package, 
Adjustable Seats, Climate Control, Tilt and 
Telescopic Steering Wheel, Cruise Controls 
on Steering Wheel, Traction Control, Theft 
Deterrent System, Remote Keyless Entry, 
Power Heated Mirrors, Antilock Brakes, 
Service Interval Indicator, Power Windows, 
Power Locks, Tinted Glass, and Much More! 
Listing ID: 94268137 at ucsdguardian.org/
classifieds for more information

Honda Accord Crosstour - Listing ID: 
94268136 at ucsdguardian.org/classifieds 
for more information

91 Mazda Miata- Clean title. 5 speed. tags 
paid. comes with some after market good-
ies! Listing ID: 94110594 at ucsdguardian.
org/classifieds for more information

t
your vision,
our mission.

outfitters@ucsd.edu

Create custom apparel to 
promote your student 
organization with Triton 
Outfitter's new Made TO 
Order program!

www.ucsdguardian.org/advertising

.com/ucsdguardian

.com/ucsdguardian

Complete the grid so each row, column and 3-by-3 box (in 
bold borders) contains every digit, 1 to 9. For strategies 

on how to solve Sudoku, visit www.sudoku.org.uk

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

Le
ve

l:
1

2
3

4

SUDOKU

what do
 you
need?

let us
help.

price center east, level 3

asgraphicstudio.ucsd.edu 858.246.0972



S P O R T S  T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  N O V e M B e R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  11

second set. By the tense third set, 
the Tritons were down a close 27–28. 
They powered through and ultimately 
grabbed the win with three consecu-
tive points, scored back-to-back by 
Dahle and junior middle blocker 
Kameron Cooper, followed with a 
final double block from freshman 
middle blocker Alyssa McNeely and 
Gam. The Triton’s 3–1 victory over 
the Lumberjacks snapped their losing 
streak and pushed them to a 13–11 

overall and 11–9 CCAA ranking. 
“It was such an exciting and fired 

up game. I was excited to contribute 
tonight and to go out on such a high 
note. It meant everything to me,” 
Gam told the UCSD Athletics De-
partment. “Our communication was 
key: We were talking and we had so 
much fire that we wanted to win and 
so it really got the ball rolling. I just 
want to finish strong in these next 
two games to end it.”

This win keeps UCSD unde-
feated against Humboldt and marks 

the 100th career win for head coach 
Luyties, who has been coaching at 
UCSD for four years and holds a 
100–43 record as coach here. 

UCSD ends its regular season at 
home and now only has road match-
es left. The Tritons hope to end their 
regular season on a high note as they 
play this weekend, taking on Cal 
State East Bay on Nov. 14 and Cal 
State Monterey Bay on Nov. 15. 

late in the second half in a 10–0 run.
“We hit shots,” Vanderveer said. 

“We handled their pressure. We 
only had four turnovers in the first 
half. Miranda Seto obviously hit big 
shots. They didn’t shoot very well; 
our defense kept them from getting 
the easy shots.” 

Even with the late-game heroics, 
the Tritons failed to produce defen-
sively and Stanford responded with 
a punishing 27–7 run to end the 
game. Stanford had a distinct advan-
tage in the paint with its larger size 
and outscored the Tritons 22-12. 

“They’re big,” Vanderveer said. 
“They’re strong and they’re athletic. 
I think that we’re strong and athletic. 
We’re just not as big as they are.”  

The Cardinal was led offensively 
by sophomore forward Erica McCall 
with 18 points and senior forward 
Taylor Greenfield with 16 points.

The Tritons retained three start-
ers from last year’s 16–11 team in se-
nior guard Miranda Seto, California 

Collegiate Athletic Association First 
Team Honoree, and fellow senior 
guard Stephanie Yano and senior 
forward McKennan Bertsch. Yano 
led the Tritons in assists last year, 
averaging 3.1 assists per game while 
Bertsch finished 2013 with a .640 
field goal percentage. 

There are six new members of the 
UCSD squad, including freshman 
guard Paige Song, freshman forward 
Gigi Olelewe and freshman guard 
Abriana Conklin. Transfer addi-
tions include sophomore guard Beth 
Mounier from Weber State Univer-
sity, junior guard Jamie Katuna from 
University of San Francisco and 
Shokoor from San Francisco State 
University. 

UCSD begins regular season play 
this Saturday, Nov. 15 against Uni-
versity of Mary at the California 
State University, San Bernardino in 
the 2014 Tip-Off Classic. The game 
will begin at 2 p.m. 

Returned Peace Corps Volunteer Diana Gomezwill discuss how you can make a difference overseas and return home with the experience and global perspective to stand out in a competitive job market.

Start Your Career by 
Serving in the Peace Corps

Information Session University of California - San DiegoTuesday, November 182 to 3:30 p.m.Career Services, Conference Room  

855.855.1961 | www.peacecorps.gov 

Life is calling. How far will you go?

TACO SHOP

www.eataburrito.com

858-456-0462

FREE
TACOS
ROLLED

Buy any 4 Burritos
(Cali, La Jolla, Vegi, 
or Scripps) burritos. 
Get 15 Rolled Tacos 

with cheese!

No Cash Value • Must have 
coupon • Cannot combine 
coupons at the register • 

Expires 6/15/2015

ucsdguardian

.
org

YOUR
NEWS
NOW!

UCSD Will Close out Regular Season This Coming Weekend
▶ w. volleyball, from page 12

The UCSD cross country team was 
back in action for the California Col-
legiate Athletics Association Champi-
onships in San Bernardino this past 
Saturday. Coming off dominant first 
place finishes at the Annual Triton 
Classic, both the No. 13 men and No. 9 
women took a slight step back, finish-
ing in fourth among eight teams.

The men’s team finished with a 
total time of 2:11:20.90, only behind 
Chico State University (2:07:40.20), 
California State Polytechnic Universi-
ty, Pomona (2:08:23.30) and San Fran-
cisco State University (2:11:13.30). 

Leading the way was senior Tanner 
Collins, finishing the eight-kilometer 
course in 10th out of 71 runners with 
a time of 25:48.7. Collins earned All-
CCAA honors for his performance. 

Junior Daniel Franz was the next 
Triton to cross the finish line with a 
time of 26:04.4, in 17th place, followed 
closely by fellow junior Tareq Alwafai 
in 24th,place with a time of 26:19.9. 
Juniors Carlos Bojorquez and Scott 

Acton rounded out the men’s squad, 
finishing in 26th and 31st, with times 
of 26:25.1 and 26:42.8, respectively.

On the women’s side, Triton junior 
Paige Hughes (22:49.7) and freshman 
Corinne Hinkle (22:49.8)  finished 
in the top 10, crossing the finish line 
together to take seventh and eighth 
place. Hinkle was also named CCAA 
Newcomer of the Year. 

Senior Madison Tanner was next 
for the Tritons as she finished in 27th 
with a time of 23:38.1. Fellow senior 
Michelle Le Roux (23:55.1) finished 
in 39th place while junior Marie Diaz 
(24:04.0) came in 44th place. 

The final standings for the women’s 
side were similar to the men’s, with 
Chico State coming in first, followed 
by Cal Poly Pomona and Humboldt 
State. 

The Tritons will now prepare for 
the NCAA West Regionals, which will 
take place on Nov. 22 at Montana State 
University Billings at Amend Park. 
The Tritons look to build on their 
performance from last year, where the 
men finished sixth and the women fin-
ished in 11th place.

  

CROSS  COunTRy

Men and Women Finish Fourth at CCAAs
Tritons finish in the middle of the pack, will prepare for NCAA West Regionals. 

By  dan i el  su ng
associate sports editor

readers can contact
  daniel  sung     d2sung@ucsd.edu 

Tritons Will Open Season on Saturday
▶ w. basketball, from page 12

readers can contact
  john  story     jstory @ucsd.edu 

readers can contact
  daniel  sung     d2sung@ucsd.edu 

phOTO USeD wITh peRMISSION fROM UCSD AThleTICS

Follow us on Twitter 

@UCSD_Sports 



SPORTS contact the editorBRan dOn  yusports@ucsdguardian.org     follow us @UCSD_sports 
12 T h e  U C S D  G U A R D I A N  |  T h U R S D AY,  N O V e M B e R  1 3 ,  2 0 1 4  |  w w w. U C S D G U A R D I A N . O R G  

UCSD Breathes New Life
MEn'S  SOCCER

Soccer earns second straight NCAA Championships berth despite early ousting in conference playoffs.
BY BRANDON YU // SPORTS EDITOR 

In spite of a disappointing and early exit from the California Collegiate Athletic Association Championships, the UCSD men’s soccer team has earned a ticket to the NCAA Championships. The qualifying squads were 
announced on Monday, Nov. 10. 

Finishing with a 10–4–5 overall record and going 5–2–4 in conference play, 
UCSD appeared to have little hope of continuing its season after a first round 
ousting in the CCAA playoffs. However, the NCAA selection committee ulti-
mately deemed the Tritons worthy of securing their second straight berth for 
the big dance.

“I wasn’t expecting it,” senior defender Matthew McClure told the UCSD 
Athletics Department. “I don’t think anybody was really expecting it. To hear 
the news that we got in was really surprising. It got everyone really excited. 
Everyone is really looking forward to this week.”

The Tritons enter the national tournament as the No. 6 seed within the 
West bracket and will travel to Cougar Soccer Complex in Azusa to take on 
third-seeded No. 14 Cal State Los Angeles in the first round. If UCSD prevails 
in the opening matchup, the team will move on to the second round to play 
home squad No. 20 Azusa Pacific University. 

Facing off against Los Angeles will be familiar territory for the Tritons, as 
the Golden Eagles have been a dominant fixture within the same CCAA con-
ference as UCSD. Cal State Los Angeles finished second on the year in league 
standings (9–2) while the Tritons finished just underneath in third. However, 
in its one matchup this season on Friday, Sept. 26, UCSD narrowly escaped 
with a 1–0 victory.

“We beat them earlier in the season,” McClure said. “We know how they 
play. We know the style they go about the game and it’s on a bigger, more play-
able field, which suits us.”

Eleven Tritons on this year’s squad were present during the NCAAs last 
season. Playing on the largest stage of collegiate competition, the Tritons will 
rely on a strong core of veterans to lead the way. 

With defensive powerhouse Cal State Los Angeles leading all the nation’s 
Division-II teams in goals against (0.40), senior midfielder Brandon Bauman, 
who led the team in goals (five) and assists (nine) on the year, will surely be 
looked upon in clutch moments. Bauman was also recently selected for the 
elite, 11-player All-CCAA first team for his outstanding final season. Junior 
goalkeeper Cameron McElfresh, who recorded an impressive nine shutouts on 
the year, will man the cage on the other end. 

The Tritons made a solid run in last year’s NCAAs, advancing to the third 
round before losing in penalty kicks. With a seemingly miraculous rebirth in 
their NCAAs qualification, there is no telling where the Tritons will finish this 
year. But first and foremost, UCSD will have to make it past that stout Golden 
Eagles defense. 

“Being out and coming back in definitely re-energized everyone,” McClure 
said. “Having that second life is really getting everyone super excited and ready 
to go for the game.” 

The UCSD women’s volleyball 
team faced off against Cal State San 
Bernardino and was taken down in 
four sets this past Friday. However, 
the Tritons were able to win against 
Humboldt State on Saturday, staying 
undefeated against them in a matter 
of four sets. Both matches took place 
at RIMAC Arena.

Against San Bernardino, the Tri-
tons were down in both sets two and 
four, with the Coyotes leading the 
entire final frame. The 25–19 loss 
marked the fifth consecutive loss for 
the Tritons, which led to a drop in 
overall rankings to 12–11 and 10–9 
in California Collegiate Athletic As-
sociation rankings. The Coyotes, 
after their fifth consecutive win, im-
proved to a record of 18–5 overall 
and 15–4 in CCAA rankings. 

Cal State San Bernardino beat 
UCSD in hitting percentage with 
a hefty 0.236 (55–18–157) to 0.121 
(50–31–157) and the Coyotes held 
the advantage and out-blocked 
UCSD 14–8.

“We’re having trouble making 
the plays and we’re just making it 
hard on ourselves that way,” UCSD 
head coach Ricci Luyties told the 
UCSD Athletics Department. “The 
best thing for us to do now is to have 
a short-term memory and just focus 

on getting it done rather than think-
ing about the last play. I have to stay 
positive; it’s tough, but I think they 
can pull themselves out of this [los-
ing streak].”

Junior outside hitter Danielle 
Dahle, senior opposite Caitlin Bren-
ton and freshman outside hitter 
Amanda Colla led the Tritons in 
kills, hitting 12, 10 and 10, respec-
tively. Dahle and Colla also man-
aged to gain double-doubles as they 
had hit 15 and 12 digs, respectively. 
Junior setter Heidi Sierks finished 
the match with a team-high 35 as-
sists and 13 digs. 

On Saturday, UCSD hosted 
Humboldt State (16–7 overall and 
13–6 CCAA ranking) once again at 
RIMAC for the Tritons’ senior night. 
It was the final career home appear-
ance for seniors Caitlin Brenton, 
setter Alyssa Lin and outside hitter 
and opposite Rachel Gam. 

The match was decided in four 
sets, with scores of 20–25, 25–18, 
30–28 and 25–20. The Lumberjacks 
led the entire first set and stole a 
win. The Tritons retaliated with a 
consistent lead and a win in the 

wOMEn'S  vOllEyBall

Tritons Split on Senior Night Weekend
Volleyball extends losing streak to five before bouncing back with win on Saturday.

By  gu rki rat  si ngh 
staff writer

See w. volleyball, page 11

wOMEn'S  BaSkETBall

Vanderveer Sisters Clash
UCSD falls to No. 6 Stanford in Saturday exhibition. 

In its first exhibition match of the 
preseason, the UCSD women’s bas-
ketball team fell to Division-I oppo-
nent No. 6 Stanford 74–51 on Satur-
day in Palo Alto. Head coaches and 
sisters Heidi VanDerveer of UCSD 
and Tara VanDerveer of Stanford 
met in competition for the first time 
as head coaches. 

Heidi Vanderveer is 11 years 
younger than her Hall of Fame sister 
and longtime Stanford head coach 
Tara. Both have coached extensively 
for years, but Saturday afternoon 
was the first head-to-head matchup 
between the two.

“It was a great experience,” Heidi 

Vanderveer told the UCSD Guard-
ian. “It was a lot of fun — a really 
good experience.”

Senior guard Miranda Seto had a 
spectacular day, scoring a game-high 
24 points on 64.3 percent shooting 
from the floor and 80 percent from 
three-point range. Junior forward 
Farrah Shokoor tallied six points with 
seven rebounds, while sophomore 
guard Beth Mounier contributed nine 
points and three rebounds. Redshirt 
freshman guard Taylor Tanita racked 
up five points and a game-high five 
assists in the loss. 

While national powerhouse Stan-
ford commanded a lead throughout, 
UCSD came within three points of a tie 

By  jo h n  sto ry
associate sports editor             

See w. basketball, page 11

readers can contact
  brandon  yu     bcyu@ucsd.edu phOTO USeD wITh peRMISSION fROM UCSD AThleTICS

phOTO USeD wITh peRMISSION fROM UCSD AThleTICS

phOTO USeD wITh peRMISSION fROM UCSD AThleTICS

Swim & Dive
W. Volleyball

Fencing
W. Basketball
M. Basketball

  11/14
  11/14
   11/15
   11/15
   11/15

AT Bulldog Diving Invite 
AT Cal State East Bay
VS BladeRunner
AT University of Mary
AT UC Riverside

UPCOMING

UCSD
GAMES


